morning guys morning Marty leaving with
the airbone are you actually going to
bury the bone in the garden are you
actually going to do that you bring that
inside sort of a surprise party I think
is it I know that their title guys
because you have to go home now I'm
already sorry okay listen we're late so
I have no idea where I'm going today I
think this is well this is my friends my
girlfriends are this better their words
sending me off into marriage today so I
guess technically you could call it the
bachelorette party but it's not because
I specifically asked for them to not
give me a bachelorette party I was like
on it so I hope that's not what it is
but I don't think it is that they
specifically asked me to wear jeans and
comfy shoes so I'm terrified like I feel
like we're going to rock climbing or
something like that and I'm like
I'm not a very sporty person but anyways
I'm really like excited but I'm very
nervous at the thing I have no idea what
this is but my friends are very nice so
I'm sure they didn't do something
harmful for me it would not cut you like
the end of this vlog I'm like crying and
like covered in your voice
no it's going everything yesterday I
have no idea what it is though Huskies
your boy probably
nobody's market
all these last few bugs I've always
liked depressing or Jobos are like yoga
zombie I'm coming to wedding then yes
then one is like well I just feel like
like we're like I just I feel like
someone to do that is it me
anyway but I feel bad now I don't want
to be like excited with it
whatever it's so you wanna join it
anyway so really yeah so I have no idea
what this is like anything to say I
think it might be rock playing rock
because one of my driving but one of my
friends just got her tonsils out and
she's one of my best friends and I was
like she's not going to be there you
know like I was there anyway so it's got
a concert there and she was thinking
like since me like really really sick
and so I was like oh noes Rebecca not
gonna be able to make it and
my other friend good friend Tim was like
oh no she's coming which is not
participating in the activity like kind
of activity like I had no idea and then
she said Kim said last night I hope you
like it it's a bit weird but kind of
cool weird but they compared all this
massively you know you know like your
friends are quite smart though they're
not dumbass so that pretty swim yeah
they're like soccer right right why is
that weird see where we're bringing you
I think we're bringing you everyone's
going to meet up like tweeting them how
cars or something I never was gonna meet
up there and there it goes for else yeah
I think where were we you because it's
on the motorway yeah I think they picked
up because they were like oh it's
nothing Gary yeah that's
that should open cinema for envoy that
seems kind of crap about why would that
right why would they ask me for
comfortable shoes
Henri's I have no idea what this is
right I actually feel like it's
something well like it's some kind of
activity but I know that you're not like
knowing it I get really drunk it's one
o'clock in the day like a part of it
today no I'm not into drinking they know
I was like don't throw me a bachelorette
party like you can throw me a bachelor
party but I don't for me like like a
hand party like I really tacky like L
plates and like flashing lights and like
no no thank you I like I would actually
cry so I heard about it but I don't
think I don't think it is I think they
think because they kept joking and they
were like oh can't wait see the
strippers and stuff and I think they
were just kind of like opens me up like
people that it is the type that they are
I just don't think they're the type even
themselves I don't see any of them
picking up the phone and even calling
this strip for you know well but that's
not what I wanted like I would actually
freak I would be so upset if they got me
a stripper and they know that like they
know how like I'm just like not in that
way
and I'm not into drinking I'm not
excited guys are awesome
that's one so much so I like want to
keep in the day on a Sunday in nine
point jeans kind of indicates that like
you're gonna get dirty though because
jeans are easiest to clean yeah like
much and I was wearing like all the
white pants or something like that or a
skirt and they know me like I always get
way too dressed up or anything
so they probably like yeah tell her to
dress down you know just in Katie's
because my friends don't really like
being on the vlog so it's kind of
difficult like I might ask them to fill
me or something because like not because
I'm vain just cause like that's the only
person I would be cool to get this day
because they have to propose a wedding
and it how it like pictures they don't
mind picture
you see what my mom is a little bit like
freaking out of it the whole the wedding
loved like I don't want to be on it like
I've always kind of respect anyone's
which is like they don't want to be
involved
we might she was like I don't want to
manage the wedding but she was so
terrified the work of this though I
would like to see her and I was like no
it's going to be like any other cloud
just with the wedding and very little
yeah and so she was like okay and then I
said well like I mean I pedaled on okay
follow my pictures it's just so weird I
don't know my life is someone be like
essential audio is more pictures per
second yes when you also need to get
Albion Cena kennel cough vaccination
we're here today ten minutes
not that I said to Kim I was like I'll
be 10 minutes late playing yo the old
stomping that's how they say he they
know let there wasn't any much team so
the bathroom window is always open
though that's that open did we why is
the macro on like this is ridiculous my
disabled my there we go
he can't really see it but it's not
house there's the first one not the
whole block obviously no that was our
Manor the first one there I how these
sometimes I do get emotional a nice
I think of like all them everything that
we did there like the blog pretty much
like I know we started blogging in
Turkey but you know we maybe wasn't lazy
something like that we didn't like an
entire year 360 days tilted to today
because we stayed right to the last day
underneath there so we did actually 360
days and that was the main meat of our
blog so far like being there yeah lot up
in there god I used to go to the studio
every single day and we live there
number two winter Christmas all the snow
running around at night yeah no I feel
more more emotional event light seems
like they don't want another person to
live there you know just wanted to be
able to even get burn it down I just
feel like that's that's my room yeah
yeah we're like that's all B's and
Cena's like little playroom you know
like I don't know I just I don't want to
think about anybody else living there
like it really weird okay so we just saw
a sign for indoor karting like indoor
karting call them quick enough
reservation for okay if it is that that
is fun it's just really scary he's a
close really fast do you have to be on
your own you have some in your car
because right you could block that oh my
god I'm so jealous if that's what you're
doing I am so jealous somebody take me
in there karting please man it's the
mountain of odd to be it yeah and that's
no joy and as long as it's in here
and that would mean that that's Kate
always gate did you know with you I
don't know just waiting around welcome
three she's super late yeah well maybe
I'll wait for them and like all the time
it's all suppose done maybe we'll find
out what it is right
she's so late that I see I wasn't that
nervous about being late so I was like
kids only way to think I might drop down
to the shop a Dora because I don't know
Nina's actually gonna come back in time
and well you can never really be sure so
I might just go ahead and pop a little
down to the shop Bo's get some dinner
because I might just try them on my own
all day I'm like just trying to finish
out amis yeah I've done like I think I
feel like two or three hours I wonder
how long it actually is if you have me
actually being checking out Winfield
games
well I shove it but I put a link in so
let's put in an annotation link oh God
by clicking I put it in right there
well then would that be fun if there's
like an annotation on my finger up big
fingers I took a finger click off that I
like she just way here you just go ahead
watch all of your games or the music
game through and then come back and let
me know what you think
pause this video that's what you should
do pause this video go over watch the
rest of the videos and then come back
that's a good idea
I'll get myself a chicken and mushroom
because I think we got that they want a
snot-nosed like super awesome now it's
better I think how could we go for
chicken acaba also I'm gonna get a bowl
because as much fun as it is having our
dinner in the dark all the time I think
it's time to illuminate the situation so
Anna thinks the cheese out in the party
parties in my house right bulbs chicken
and cottage mushroom pie the light
working guys um it's carefully add some
green at some of the rocky toes I mean
rocky throws a damn rocky toast to the
happy girls nice things to adding rocky
coasts adding rocky close to better
session so where do you keep coming from
it's like some sort of a wasp I could
ever do damn I could dig it up I kept it
mmm okay let's think do it him
good night he's got both girl and Kim
and Kate brought me to half island it's
the Farsi place anyone who is writing so
I didn't get to film myself doing it
because um I was on horse and I didn't
have any hands-free but I took picture
so make sure I'll be up on the Facebook
probably so
you
I love killing cake was it a hands-free
kit for horse hurt pain I needed like a
tripod or something but I love coming
Kate obviously we were all awesome it
was really relaxing actually it was
really really nice and my horse called
puddles but you have to check out the
picture she was gorgeous she was really
pretty huh
and I just texted me it's horse riding
they're going on horse riding
what that's so cool I want to go horse
riding
I want to go go-karting I'm gonna quiz I
wanna go paintball
when I'm wash it all up into some sort
of on a horse with a quasar gun no no
with a paintball gun that has a quasar
like tip so it has a tracer so you fire
and it fires a paint bomb but instead of
getting paint everywhere it's like okay
so we've got to wait and strain of the
outdoor environment like paintball I
said to fires lasers I was gonna get
paint everywhere right so fires lasers
for your on horseback court a horsey
that's actually a go-kart so a horse
with wheels is like a go-kart while
laser balling
