we'll never get them seeing a little
help
she does this little healthy that's so
cool are you barking it hey Shh
my dear kids poop here can't you poop
over there let's get a brush what I did
not I think we gotta live that I think
at the start we got it like oh oh but
you're unlike sister I just big huge be
hell it was like oh what the hell is
that oh you have to go to the groomers
you got my Peas like but this is like
you're not coming out snip it out I
don't know whether we were supposed to
be like it's so tight come on I have a
snippers there
come on to the Pels nippers
look it's just like not Oh No
is it better to brush it out well as I
brush it's kind of uh we got it no no no
lost looks like a spider is that a bee
in here you sir yes sir
begone this is only beat down here I
think it's because they're all dying so
they're all trying to get wasps draw
trying to get inside find a nice cozy
spot the dive so we're gonna head into
town to collect the wet ding-ding dress
and what else okay oh yeah thinking
about his rings
cuz I've got mine ha ha I'm more
organized than that oh my god you know
that this time next week we'll also be
leaving the house around this time
actually might just takes longer to make
because my team is as I'm saying this
time next week we'll be leaving the
house right now heading to Dublin
heading to our wedding
yeah Saturday Saturday where no no no
when they morning it like 5:00 a.m. or
something yeah Saturday night I'll be
not going on Saturday yeah I thought we
going on Saturday to drop the dogs in
and then we're having a Saturday night
mom says aren't the same so our flights
on Monday morning sure I would act up
tweet did you come up my tweet and
comment because I was wrong alright so
Sunday we're going to so ok so this time
next week where I know we're rushing
around going crazy trying to fit
everything she always into one bag
I'm sorry teddy no it was time for time
for lunch
Oh what do you get for people I know I
ruined it I ruined my own song what do
you get for breakfast from people from
Italy it's so cute you guys excited for
the wedding
holy crap one we can you believe it like
all those months ago even a proposed
video she might not like and then then
you set dates and time so I all yes
three months waiting I lost two months
away and I thought some months away and
I was like a week away what a week away
we actually believed but when we're
leaving here like that's gonna be insane
yeah I don't know whatever whatever it
doesn't really matter I thought we were
going I don't spend too much time there
like I want to stay here like wait the
donkey's but am so I'm gonna be tweeting
there were like oh yeah when you're when
you're booking in for DM the airplane
you should like tell them it's your it's
your wedding because they might bump you
up and I was like that's a good idea
we should totally chance that you know
like in your book it is like ha ha ho
sorry we're excited cuz our wedding is
coming up our wedding you know
what does first-class look like you'll
be like in bridesmaids you know like you
think ma'am ma'am oh no that that's not
me
we weren't a game coach there's a better
sense of community in coach I don't even
know if there is four is there any cuz
I'm sure this first awesome every plane
is maybe I should I might see you just
like excuse me sorry just be on the
phone like hi I'm sorry business
business stops chairs stairs shops the
economy the economy is dividends
derivative dividends the economy of the
GDP of escalation and values like what
so I can talk on the phone making very
important things as I scoot you up the
first class this is what I will do
that's my plan yo
did you get the work leave me a comment
I was kind of debating on whether or not
I should put this in the vlog but you
know we're planning a wedding and it's
not all hunky-dory at all you know
there's like this is supposed to be
reality like real life because it's not
like a reality show where it's all fake
and like everything's perfect and
everything always works out it's more
like actual real life way things don't
work out all the time so so I thought
I'd go ahead and say it um yeah kind of
as best that I can with it like going
into too much detail but basically you
guys probably already know or have heard
Jonathan speak about this kind of
jokingly but kind of seriously as well
the fact that only two people from his
family are actually coming to our
wedding which really sucks and it's kind
of crap especially when you know we gave
people like over a year's notice and
it's just kind of crap but some of those
people have like really fair excuses for
example one of his sisters is actually
pregnant and she's due like that like
the week or this week or something so
you know that's obviously a fair excuse
and you know there's some people have
like good excuses but others don't one
of those people that already doesn't is
or at least in my opinion is Jonathan's
dad now his mom is coming obviously
she's been on the box before you've seen
her before she kind of plays a big part
on a big role in his life which is great
and I know he really appreciates that so
if she's watching you know just know
that he does appreciate that and I know
that he does and I do too his brother
his older brother he's who is his best
man is of course coming and he has a
really good relationship with him that's
great I really appreciate that to his
sisters he does have a good relationship
with but again like they have there are
reasons that they just unfortunately
can't meet again but then there is this
other parent his dad and they don't have
a good relationship very much so and
that's obvious it's not the first time
you're hearing this like I'm not just
like you know
I'm out or anything like he's told you
this before so but the thing is that
he's not coming to Johnathan's wedding
and as much as Jonathan might joke
better and stuff I know that it's really
kind of distressing him a lot and it's
it's not nice and it's something that
he's really upset about it's something
that I'm really upset about as well as
though for other reasons like I can't
even like talk about it without getting
emotional because like it's just I feel
like there's a hair on my freakin chin
um I honestly can't talk about it
without getting emotional so I'm just
gonna try and keep this short but
anyways so whatever the reason is for
his dad deciding not to come I just
think it's unacceptable I think it's
really unfair on Jonathan I think it's
really really mean and even if he
doesn't mean to be mean or if he it's
not supposed to look that way it looks
that way and it looks really bad and I
just I don't understand it so and I feel
bad as well I feel terrible because I
feel like this is something that
everybody is gonna work well not
everybody but that like we're all gonna
feel bad about it kind of forever or you
know that like he himself is gonna
regret for the rest of his life and
Jonathan's gonna regret or not like
Jonathan has nothing to regret because
it's not he's doing but like Jonathan
has made so many attempts to kind of
patch things up and it's just like I
don't know but anyways so I just feel
like it's gonna if if nobody does
anything which nobody is then it's gonna
go it's just gonna be brushed away and
then it's gonna be this big like regret
you know so I don't like that and I want
everybody to be happy I want his dad to
be a part of his life like you know what
like I don't I don't hate anybody I
don't dislike anybody I'm just saying I
want everybody to get along
I don't want everybody to be happy this
is not about me in any way I'm just
telling you guys this because I love
Jonathan and I care about him and I want
this to be worked out so and I know how
upset he is that his two parents aren't
going to be there at his wedding so I
think I feel like I should stand up for
him a little bit so anyways I did
something yesterday actually and I feel
really good about it I feel a little bit
apprehensive about it because I'm not
really sure which way it'll go or which
way it'll be which way it'll be like
perceived but I decided to take matters
into my own hands and I wrote his dad an
email and I was really respectful really
nice you know I just I spoke from the
heart
I told him that I just feel like this is
wrong like you should be there for
Jonathan it's your son like you were at
all your other kids weddings and like
all those that have we married two out
of four and this is the third and you're
just you're not gonna be there and I
just feel like it's wrong and I really
hope that he changes his mind like I
really really hope that he does and I
just get so emotional because like I
would do anything to have my dad my
wedding anything like I would give
anything I would give up always seven
shoes that I'm I would give
anything for that I mean he's there he's
alive Jonathan's dad is there and he's
not coming and I just don't get it like
why would you do that your sudden like
why would you do it just doesn't make
any sense like can we swap cuz I want my
dad there and he got calm and like you
can and you're just not doing it and
it's just like oh it really upsets me so
much and I'm sorry to bring a negative
thing to the vlog but like it's just so
wrong like I just feel in my heart that
it's so wrong and it shouldn't go like
it shouldn't be like this like it should
be different so I really hope that he I
don't care if he answers me or not like
that's not that wasn't the reason I
wrote him it I just hope that he does
something I hope that he comes it's just
it's he can get a cheap flight like it's
not that it shouldn't be that big of a
deal I actually
it might found my really cheap flight
and my set like here you go like I'm
gonna send this to you so that you don't
even have to do any of the searching
like I'll I'll find you a flight and
everything and I just really hope that
he comes and that everyone can just be
happy and not like Jonathan can be happy
because I know he's already unhappy
about the fact that it's all my family
they're all my family Bart the one
person well there's actually a few but
like you know there's yeah I don't even
know what I'm saying anymore I'm just
getting like really emotional
I'm really sorry if I'm like freaking
you guys that or making you cry as well
because don't it's fine like it's not a
well it is a big deal but it's not yeah
anyways I'm gonna stop blubbering
because it's kind of embarrassing and
anyways I need to get my wedding dress
now but um yeah I just thought I'd let
you guys know what was going on we are
in town zu pounder your time motorbike
bye let's do it again corn a I learned a
little driving park okay
let's get a ticket for the carpark hi
reservations but it's almost full as
well almost we've got a ticket I'll get
the last ticket we could sell this on
eBay
last ticket for Paul Street Harbour
Machado's key handles marked and lucky
angles hello kilos hey we should have a
party I don't know what we didn't know
powers the Internet yeah we did it's
okay we do midnight car washes yeah
that's how we roll
we're cool like that you have a free
parking space look professional valet
parking whoa oh god oh god oh god
it's okay see the shopping center in
there like Oh everybody have a park
upstairs I don't mind Parker people do
that like you guys am doing you guys
like hover in the lower floors to try
and get a loan for a car park as a
parking place because I'm always like
who cares like we're all gonna get in
the elevator anyway so it doesn't really
make a difference of your some people
are into confident drivers such as
myself oh do you don't actually take the
turns over and over know you don't want
to get stuck as well I suppose
no no that's day one and every example
there's like posts in policy car park
but even you guys from quark that drive
obviously and then you guys Park
compulsory and notice that no one parks
like all these posts and their spaces
beside every single post is known as the
park beside a post how does one get out
of this car
of this she said she does to me and that
squatches will say in 70 all right
stairs some lip goes boom good give any
goods we're taking the stance Wow
what floor are we on take no take no
kids for b2b or for be is it for me
which one you think will come first
now that one that one that one or that
one yes we did we pressed every single
button because that's what you do Frank
for Frank for going down doesn't talk
place is gonna open it that way or that
way you sure is there multi-use on let's
have a check let's have a check check in
Lindsay check Kunze checked in checked
in sit there kinda cool I have a HTC now
so these are for iPhones no that looks
great on that knife on for maybe oh yeah
yeah all right
oh wait a second
20% off all helium balloons you should
get a helium balloon today device at
helium
anyway Rica should we get my wedding
dress first or should we go to dinner
stuff because if you get the wedding
this first and we got to carry the
wedding dress that's lovely
how do we always end up here how do we
always end up here what's the naked
palette do you need it yes you do I
can't find any vitamins that are
stirring I can't
oh sorry I should show you
nobody went help
these ones are on sale but I thought
that size 16 it's wrong like the wrong
sizes you can find them good things in
here I think they're all the wrong size
though and I'm not sure if I have the
patience to go through that looks good
you
see or not like she's all strange
something almost remove it
how am I gonna say I'm hungry Oh
I think I get it anymore going when to
Brian Thomas I'm so hungry I better
leave soon the crumbs will slip in and
in order and I will make a big big big
fight in the middle of the square
everyone we're going here oh look that
one comes with eggs must be good now
sit down there and let me do your main
job I'll take care of it I could totally
working where he's basically like this
oh look they have the TV thing this
watches tissue thing that I was talking
about they do exist
that's the music you got the
entertainment do I just collect the
dress it's gonna come in a bag I'm
worried that we might miss it or
something stupid like so let me just go
get the dress yeah okay come on let's go
get the dress I better go get my air my
conventional wedding tuxedo that's like
the conventional wedding people always
go my brother's letting her win at the
black-tie I think that's pretty much
what I was wearing was one of those my
brother's ready conventional right
wedding whoo free pregnancy last
counseling so without the dress in a bag
not M not a black bag yes though
yeah yeah and it all fits nice and
tightly like a glove like blow so that's
it I'm pretty much ready to rock and
roll now
this is actually as heavy as if I was
gonna be there well I think you could
easily carry this on
the wedding a station fire fire
now that we're back in our old townie
town shall we get some dum-dums lumps
yes yes just just to note if you may
have noticed that I was on Patrick
Street saying I need some freaking nom
nom then brown Thomas then getting to
dress all the way out here again still
quote-unquote need some freaking num
noms yes yes I am talking to a camera is
that so much is that so ridiculous hello
we were just film it was like Australian
independent it was good but it's like
you know when actors are really bad they
actually sound like they're reading
their lines that you're saying dubs
almost like what Wow
what is that what are you doing did you
come up don't you know whoa what do you
tell me good that way whoa what was that
did you hear we should just go now
that's what it's like and it's like what
the hell yeah it's there
they're saying exactly what the line
state there's no like I'd living there's
no like you know I think I should add
some more emotion I'll put these words
in you know it's just exactly as
scripted oh wow hey what are you doing
oh it's like you know in films when I'm
the bad guy or the good guy something
running down the street or they're
pushing three people well how it works
in film there is something called extras
and under special extras and a special
extra is an extra two actually has to
say a word or speak that they have to be
paid more because not only are there
putting their their body to being an
extra that actually using their voice so
most Studios will get a load of extras
and they will just drop in later on
voices so they hire a voice artist which
is cheaper than a special extra so what
you have in films is like they're
running down the road and they have all
these normal actors being pushed by but
then they voice in later oh hey watch
hey what are you doing hey watch out
there wait whoa careful there now excuse
me
Hey oh it's just like loads of died it's
like except ridiculous watch out for
nothing hello and welcome
