let's go have a look at the new wall no
one's getting out of there anytime soon
are they guys nobody get in the door no
Frank
inside in Tibet in Tibet in Tibetan
Tibetan the bedroom in the middle bit so
I mix my lunch right now all right so
it's my lunch Missy this stuff is so
good Polamalu country relish look how
expensive that is it's like that's
because I bought it at the actual value
in place which you would think would be
cheaper but I don't know I was in a
cooler tube as well I don't know so I'm
making a bagel these are new bagels oh
no I just know it's got chicken
roast chicken nominee filming properly
rock peppery rocket and volley manu
relish and i just had three cherry
tomatoes because you know you need t to
fruit vegetables actually tomatoes are
fruit apparently which is really weird
so it's up they were vegetable but
apparently technically speaking they're
fruit I don't know I don't know how
qualifies to be a fruit but whatever so
I think today I might be going to pick
up my dress the slow-mo job gets to move
on you know but seriously I think I am
and I also just realized that um the
girl well like she didn't she I think
she's like the manager of the place or
whatever but she turns to face look I
didn't know anything about cuz I just
kind of accept like everybody and
anybody on Facebook and I usually get
like a couple of friend requests a day
and um she the only reason I noticed is
because she suggested that I like the
page of the place that we're getting it
done which is the zip yard I told you
guys up but um and I recognized her
first name and then I was like my
friends on Facebook I never do that
oh yeah so that was nice there are
they're nice people but um we did some
work for them in and it was a different
like it was a same company but it was a
different like branch in Dublin last
year two years ago two years ago now oh
my god so yeah um it's a name I'm
vehicle now and then I have to make a
video on how to wear white jeans because
it was so requested like so many people
asked me you know how like outfits for
head wear white jeans and I love white
jeans like I really really like them I
love these ones it just excuse my
surprise but these are my hello skinny
jeans that I got from the white door the
boutique in Dublin they're so nice and
love these jeans and I really wanted to
bring them with me to Italy but I just
think I'm not because it's so hot there
my mom oh my god my mom's there right
now she's in my dad's like old apartment
so like
it's kind of like bittersweet it's gonna
be that way for me as well like it's sad
but it's happy at the same time so
anyways but I'm basically the apartment
where my dad like grew up like my non
non normal Department is the apartment
where which is now owned by my uncle my
dad's brother and my aunt so and my
cousins and stuff so that's where she's
at right now in Napoli and she told me
it's really hot that she's gonna have to
buy like her clothes so I'm gonna I
actually did I packed very appropriately
I feel I feel like okay I did pack well
I haven't packed yet but I'm gonna make
a video on that actually should make a
video on that today oh my god yeah that
would be a really good idea then I have
to do the white jeans went so my retort
but sometimes I don't like doing fashion
videos honestly like these like how to
wear videos because I feel like
everybody's style is different I always
gonna crap actually I get hate on
everybody a video I do it doesn't matter
what it is but I get so much hate on
like fashion videos because people are
like I hate your style or whatever and
it's just so like style is so like
personal you know like you can't look
I'm hardly standing there being like you
should all dress this way because
obviously not but like people always
come to my channel that are new and they
don't know who I am they think I'm just
like some you know girl telling people
how to wear what and like it's not like
that it's like god oh but I'm saying
this to Jonathan yesterday like I would
be so happy if like all the hate could
just stop for the next two weeks that
would be great
oh be ace okay because I just with the
wedding and everything like it would be
just really nice it's like that I got no
hater like yesterday I got like the
nastiest hate email email okay like that
requires a lot of effort and thought and
like the comments and stuff it's like
okay whatever sometimes you get upset by
them but not like not most of the time
because if you did then you'd probably
stop
videos to be honest but when somebody
sends you like an actual hate mail like
an a hate email that's that's crazy like
that's kind of intense I mean how long
did it take you to write that email like
usually this was a long email full of
nasty things like I don't understand why
people do that like it's just so weird
I'm like I hate I hate you hate I hate
bringing hate on to the blogs and stuff
I just wanted to put that in there like
seriously who writes a hate mail like
that's just crazy like it's just really
weird or I have people tell me that they
hope that I get a big break yet on my
wedding day
who says that like seriously uh who says
that to even somebody that they hate how
do you even know you hate me you don't
know me I've never met you in my life
before
well yeah people are saying that like
it's my fault that I'm breaking out that
I'm doing absolutely nothing about it
like are you serious like do you not
watch my videos every single day cuz you
say that you do but then you say crap
like that and it just doesn't make any
sense
see not I don't do anything about it
it's my fault
somebody said she hopes I break out on
my wedding day because that will serve
me right for having such a shitty diet
like you actually don't know what I use
I mean seriously you see like bits of
what I eat but you don't know what I eat
in a day so I don't know what I need a
go to my blog because I have like what I
ate Wednesday posts and stuff which I
have with other natives but you know so
like I just don't know why anyone would
say that like it's really like crazy
like when would you tell somebody that
you hope that their wedding day goes
crap seriously like I don't even hope
that my worst enemies wedding date goes
crap I hope that the person that I hate
most in the world which I don't think I
already have anyone like that but you
know like say I had an arch enemy I
would want their wedding day to be nice
you know
even if I hate them it's just like why
not like let them have it
jeez
just let me have a nice wedding day
don't worry about it you don't have to
watch it you don't have to be involved
you're not involved if you're a hater
cuz like hello
it's just weird like I don't understand
that at all guy it's like and I hate and
then Johnson's like yeah but it's really
unfair when Mike if you say it to like
the vlog people it's kind of like
there's a well there are haters on the
vlog too but it's not as much it's like
you're saying it to the wrong you're
dressing like the wrong group because
most of the hate I get is linked to my
beauty child channel like not this one
so it's kind of like I'm telling I'm
telling you guys I'm like don't hate on
me but you're not the ones doing it you
know what I mean so I'm not directing
this out like probably any of you guys
it's probably somebody completely
different but I just thought I'd say
it's on the right and this is like real
life no sitting in front of me and I'm
just like talking Anna's going to
audition as the wedding band okay there
we go
wedding band extraordinaire go like the
wedding tongue up this is our first
answer
oh my goodness no two old men
sniffing it harder lean on face hey
nothing my husband Barry gonna wear call
of duty black ops I think Baba
what those other names with the car
about modern warfare 2 card pristine
condition
I'm sorry let me pass Skywalker kind of
low but you know you just look around
and you make some look I don't wanna
wear it you smash one of them tell these
names of TV time vector B that's what
don't leave one by Joyce Carol Oates
who's there any good congratulations
you've got the job Sears Co we have a
guitar and a fire then our wedding boom
so was gonna be like this the puppets
don't get touched why'd you do it you
don't twist them that snap the strings
then I'll snap your neck and then well
it'll be the Joey show guys what day is
it today
Nina what day is it today Friday what do
we usually get on Fridays it's Friday
today we get the pizzas it's Friday
today we get the boxes like for our
pizzas oh the ball broke anyway another
bold broke we are the unluckiest bold
people in the world aren't we I will
freakin break it up sorry guys you had
to see that on the spot it will be like
next week oh is this a whole truth and
nothing but the truth so help you
is that the board's root what's that you
want pizza do you guys want some pizza
mom's got the silly weird green things
they're silly and weird and green and no
one likes screenings some people like
the green things you know
oh the microbe kicked in there what
micro does that sometimes do you abuse
I'm on the case I'm on the Cates and I
swear to you I will not be a disgrace
that was a mighty feast what are you
doing there
what are you doing here yeah oh it was
the mightiest of beasts I tell you that
is that is for filling it that's what
the pizzas do they fulfill you you know
how to fills you what else refills you
think of a thing leave me a comment of
something that fulfills you something
that gives you a sense of satisfaction
and we're talking about the munch okay
nothing else no rudeness okay some munch
that gives you a satisfaction Gino watch
number last week was this movie that our
car wash thing and got those little em
those dolly mixture things where they
call like the tubs tubes tops shows be
left in Commons it sound like you should
get to Cola bears or Cola bottles cooler
bears they were
I'm developing a taste for them should I
go get some good I go to get some guys
is Marty still here hey Marley I think
you need to go home soon okay and I'm
gonna get some tips parent for mind do
you think his parents are right I mean
can you see anything oh there they are
there's it all eyes hey guys fight in
the back let's go okay so I couldn't
decide
actually they began so you can this
should probably cover yeah I can do we
covered for sorted
yeah uh-huh
Rizzo be
he's a top
what's going on guys huh is that fun is
it fun road trip custard cream coffees
dolly mixtures as standard and fizzy
Cola bottles oh yeah someone saying on
Twitter that this is this is the way
forward these are the ones you want oh
yeah I'm gonna have a good time won't be
a long time but it'll be a fantastic
time
