so I was doing a packing list for Itali
and Allen has established she is
bringing seven pairs of shoes seven
pairs of shoes eight pairs of shoes and
we have one bag with one suitcase
between us suppose me to carry on each
life cuz they charge the for extra bags
we're like we'll make it work so like is
there gonna be any room for me in this
in this magical bag a pocket or
something is it I just wear my suit for
a week okay she also has what she's
wearing every single day organized for a
week evening outfit night hair all
private crap private they'll pause the
video seven pairs of what I only own two
pairs of shoes okay what is the heavy
thing because the shoes need to go in
first right and then the bag is full
yeah so we're just bringing shoes and
then what goes next so like what would
be a heavy thing my heart heavy presence
the candles not like crappy yeah these
things plus did you wanted by the
lantern things all of this is going to
fit in one bag you get a carry-on bag
though and you can bring like a big 100
I can bring a big carry on like a night
you can re bring it exactly specified
dimensions of a carry-on bag then yeah
all my clothes are going on I carry on
my small suitcase that is okay you can
put all your clothes in there and I'll
just put all mine in the other oh my god
okay who adding dress that's huge
that doesn't go in a bag you've just
specified like when you go through I'm
gonna
Oh Lord then you guys got a plane you
could charter for us and just give us a
loan airplane because it looks like Ana
needs an entire plane just for her
clothes I don't know what got everything
you put in the bottom like between bags
Oh shoes and bags that's what we're
gonna have shoes and bags three bags
seven pairs of shoes so I suppose
technically you're bringing 14 shoes
well seven pairs 14 shoes 16 shoes she
is bringing 16 she we are going for 7
days you're bringing 16 shoes that's a
lot of shoes okay
why Lord on Evelyn art right I am on the
food run
now do we know where subway is oh my
goodness I was just saying their honor
on Twitter do any of you guys know Santa
Claus and could you ask him would he be
available for a sort of a nixar like
would you be able to deliver all the you
guys shirt for me because it'll be
awesome if all the shirts got to you
guys before the wedding but I I don't
know like if they actually we're not but
it'd be like totally awesome it did so
on the day like when you're watching you
could pull any of you guys but um
yes I'm gonna just forget when I'm
talking to you guys I think that you
guys already know what's going on with
Twitter and stuff so I just said on
Twitter of Facebook I just made a
conscious decision I was like look he's
can't go on and on anymore like we're
still waiting for 15 people to pay so
I'm just gonna go ahead place the order
I'll probably have a few extra anyway
from my original and trial beta run that
I have at home anyway I've got a couple
of them so if somebody just happened to
come forward after that and say oh I
missed it I was on the owners or
whatever at least I have a couple of
extras but I don't want to keep going on
I really want to get it done before the
wedding so
I've send it off to the printers they
are hopefully gonna get back to me early
next week with the shipment
you know we quickly unpack them and put
them in the envelopes next day ship of
my guide to you guys everyone in Arlen
England she's got over in a day or two
main line you're up should be maybe
three or four days the u.s. hopefully
within a week I know we got one for Seth
courier I have absolutely no idea how to
even get there myself Australian ones I
say Australia's foreign America although
my sister just posted me a card from
Australia and it was about a week or two
ago so fingers crossed that happened
that's why I was like okay well like
Santa Claus it's Santa Claus you know we
just you know global recession happening
at the moment and people are looking for
new avenues generate revenue and I was
thinking like Santa Claus water like you
know you know what's what is what's his
that what's his portfolio like you know
has the stocks you know has he has he
lost and is he looking for a quarter of
an extra income and this would be
perfect you know one night one day he
can collect all the shirts boom and and
you know what's amazing you know the way
like when delivery men come to your
house and like they ring your doorbell
and you're not there and then they leave
you like a card or somewhere that Santa
Claus doesn't have to worry about that
oh no he just hops Danny Gimli right now
he might drink your milk and eat your
cookies boy you know don't be alarmed if
you come down and find all your milk and
cookies are gone but there's a you guys
shirt there so just think like okay well
that's just like that's just like cost
of delivery you know cost of like super
fast delivery
I couldn't specify it out on eBay is
like delivery charges cookies and milk
one glass of milk and a box of cookies
oh whoa do we actually have to feed the
Rangers as well
god never tired of the logistics behind
all it's like well we'll see if he comes
forward if he's interested like you know
my next option is Superman but then
again I don't know his availability is
like because as far as I remember he is
either hanging out in Smallville or he's
gone back to Krypton I'm not really sure
what that is like which would Superman
we're actually gonna get you know we are
to get the young Smallville guy or do we
get the emotional this movie man I'm not
sure Batman kind of useless has a nice
car and toys and stuff but like he's
very moody he's very moody he might just
might just keep them all for himself
like but I'm Batman
under superhero who else what we got but
leave some comments of some other people
that could help us out in the situation
never
you guys should who would you like what
superhero fictional character real
character anything you know that's out
of the ordinary
would you like you guys t-shirt
delivered by and a little quick why that
person would be useful to delivery
communication and I'm gonna go get some
subway and I want some veggies alight
okay I'm just saying that loud so I
don't come back with a meatballs up and
be like you just not the same as a
veggie Delite I'm gonna get the a subway
melt with green peppers uh maybe some
Tomatoes bit of rocket bit of chilli
sauce yeah that should do it
that should do it nicely okay a lot of
traffic
oh no I've actually stopped on the
yellow box okay I'll move doctor huh oh
yeah okay also I need to record some
more I'm thinking a recording like a ton
of amnesia so I might spend like five or
six hours buying through like tons of
amnesia today and Wilder way I'm
probably not gonna be able to put up the
proper episodes of Winnfield games where
it presents in the Winfield thing but I
might be able to get up I'll try and
record like tons of amnesia
gameplay and then
can upload them while we're away just to
tie that over Janeiro to me like because
it appears everybody likes my screaming
and peeing on my pants so peeing a pants
peeing in the pants is a go Liam oh my
goodness few years we've been after this
cake right which damn Tesco had for a
limited time and they stopped making it
it's kind of tipsy slice gypsyslice and
it was like what when we're done so
always a fan at that time rush and love
and it was like four euros here to zero
in George Partington thanks George also
here's the common question of then and
this is a bit tricky I don't know if you
guys do have to figure this out but I
want you guys to guess what flavor this
cake is that one there
what flavor is that maybe creative and
interesting responses been due let's see
my super bunny we will never ever have
to prepare a meal ever again for the
rest of our life for as long as the
second value is nearby we've been saved
let's get there I've had to strip only
ones I like that song traffic in here is
crazy look one of those parts are those
carts available for everybody where did
you guys come from I'm sorry it's just
some sort of a true as everyone just
coming through here
though I think so Marty yeah cuz we Came
ran into the air over Kody's like
running up the road
roll out the match we've got like a
super awesome chicken and mushroom fresh
Irish cottage pie on the green do this
you come home yeah alright just lay it
all out like that
ah Wow
I'm gonna get your brothers to beat me
up oh yeah Francesco's ideas gonna beat
me up yeah I found his eldest brother
oldest held our elder Francesco elder oh
you're right yeah the proper word is
elder have to do a ceremony where I have
to I have to go up to Francesco
Francesco I come to you today over
Little Caesars wedding yeah hope he
keeps it I hope I keep on my seat yo boo
boo let's check this I'm rendering out
some stuff over here
Oh first asunder cosy now what's this on
the cozy you guys want you guys want to
sneak peek sneak peek at the next
episode you're so funny
thank you my new wall but ya did that
today and absolutely nothing else
well we did a million things by them
just so much to do before the wedding
ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding
ding but the yam wedding signs run to us
today and they're looking for our
seating plan so we gotta make out the
seating huh you're welcome ok don't
forget to put my mom thank you shut the
shet the y'all what's the other one
oh thank you kind of clever shut the
bump it is clever
until what ok Santa's good get inside
and make our seating plan for getting a
filling of beef is it a little beef
and so I am hard to make a scene plans
are like oh no way that those persons
isn't like that person you can't put
toasters can put those people together
what you're thinking that's insane maybe
like you put that person Derek Ally put
that person there okay in order to put
that person are you to take that person
and put them over here it's a very
pretty tricky time is it is it well I
have the guest coming your actual no I
have no one coming to my wedding oh well
what do you guys come to my wedding and
represent me please okay leave me
comment if you want to come to my
wedding because I it's like if it was
split in half and half right this half
will be full of honors extended family
and friends on my side because my
brother is gonna stand up beside me my
brother's wife and child will be on
there oh no way else
are they a whole alone I'm already gonna
get really upset on the data I'm kind of
worried because yesterday we both of us
got really emotional and upset when
we're talking about cuz I was upstairs
looking for something she came across
her dad's old suits and stuff and then
she was like crying about it and I was
like I was kind of crying you know and
then I was getting aside about cuz like
my dad isn't coming and my sisters
aren't coming in my aunts and uncles are
incoming and I've got like nobody coming
to my wedding and it's kind of like oh
so I was like well some of you guys come
when you guys are gonna be in Sorrento
in some time really because I will you
come
I can't bad oh no you guys are gonna
stay in my friend's house I never told
you guys that they're actually a friend
of mine owns em a company where she like
she like mines dogs and walks dogs and
sits touts and stuff um before we leave
I'll put the name of the place up and
have a Twitter stuff where they like
tweet like oh just our plane with this
nut another stuff so we'd be able to
keep an eye on or maybe a couple of
Skype calls hi guys well yeah she's
gonna take care of it which is great
because I've known her since I was like
15 14 or 15 so I've known I pretty much
all my life so I really trust her and if
she's anything wrong
well I can if you know someone that long
you can murder them it's legally allowed
to murder someone if you know somebody
that long
