I am just making coffee for both of us
I could not stick to that coffee thing
and actually the dentist was like if you
can't like try to stay away from coffee
for like the three weeks or two weeks or
whatever and I was like I looked at her
face when she said it to me and and she
you could tell she was like okay well
that's gonna be really hard for you
right yes it is you know how when
somebody tells you that you can't have
something and then all you want is that
thing that pretty much happened because
I'm trying to eat healthy with the
emphasis being on the word trying oh god
these apples better not go off anyways
I'm trying to eat a healthy like really
trying because of my wedding is in like
two weeks like today it's like two weeks
in a day but in race by the time you
watch this it'll be actually like 14
days playing but I'm trying to eat
healthy so
order up what is that your maid oh my
wife okay anyways so you're welcome you
know the way like if you're trying to
eat healthy or whatever like I'm not
like not letting myself have stuff it's
just stupid I don't never do that
anyways but I'm just kind of like trying
to kind of hold off on eating like a lot
of junk food so cut to yesterday's
episode or in the day before you just
when we were having Lucky Charms
but that's okay one bottle of sure it's
not gonna kill you
but anyways umm yeah so you know like
how if you're kind of like that you'd
help you whatever and then somebody's
like oh by the way you can have coffee
you're like what there's so yeah that's
not gonna work out Oh open the thing in
this place
cookies everywhere but anyways enough
for me of them right now
obviously it's breakfast time but um
yeah so that was just too hard it's like
costing but yeah I'm not gonna get
through a straw what I'm doing this I'm
doing it in the morning with my
breakfast with jqs anyway and then like
right after I brush my teeth because
somebody else suggested them wait I mean
tell Marie so um so I'm gonna do that I
mean I am doing that instead on my teeth
right now it's still not even a week and
I think they're kind of at that stage
where they're half and half
yeah huh are white and half are yellow
it's really weird she said that would
happen that they'd start like going
different colors and like crazy and
stuff and like possibly even opaque so
that's cool but I am making a weekly
updates so I filmed like the first day
that I put them on and then I'm gonna
film again on Friday and then I'm gonna
film again like the next Friday and then
I'll probably be in Italy or no yeah
almost I'll be yeah I'll be freakin
married but oh my god that's really
scary
oh and I got it
text message from the zip yard which is
the place that's doing my dress and
that's also my dress and they said great
roses so I'm really excited to go pick
that up today and I have to show my
sister cuz she hasn't seen it yet and
she's my family everything tomorrow
tomorrow like for Italy I'm so jealous
I'm like I wish we could afford two
weeks but we can't because you know it's
kind of expensive anyways but I kind of
wish that we could afford like another
week after the wedding but at the same
time I think I'd miss I'll be in see not
too much and I think and Jonathan feels
the same way but you know it would be
nice to have two weeks but it's okay
we'll do that like next year for
anniversary or something you know so I'm
going to pick up my dress today we're
gonna get started oh because he doesn't
have a suit this is so typical Jonathan
actually what day is today he's supposed
to get his passport today like it's
supposed to arrive today can you imagine
it doesn't arrive today that will be
like so pointing so funny what did I say
that I think the 17th or the 18th by the
way that's or they say the 16th is I
can't remember but it's one of those two
days and without if you don't get his
passport this week I'm actually gonna
start freaking out
so Jonathan like he'll leave everything
to us or he just doesn't strike the
might think I don't know and why I
doesn't I'm like stressing about
everything and he stresses about
absolutely nothing and you would think
because he was like hyper and vlogs and
stuff but he's the more like stressed
out kind of person but no he's like
totally mellow and like just calm about
everything and I'm not so anyways we
have to get his suit and we'll have
another few but some pieces to do is
though I'm just hoping that everything
goes from is I don't well it's fine
we're gonna get everything done but
passport thing just kinda remind me of
that now more in town yo we're like
we're like counties something up a
county that
so a couple of mini free cats this
morning with nothing to be alarmed about
every day it's killing more and more
everyday I'm hustling hustling hustling
hustling and you're glad I'm here to
make you smile all the time sometimes
you want to kill me though don't you
yeah so we were gonna go in and collect
a wedding dress but the wedding dress
person said she ordered some bag from
the from Belfast some special bag which
she never noticed when you guys got my
okay or if you're about to get might
here's to here's the trick right if you
want to buy anything never tell them
it's for a wedding
oh no never used to perm wedding wedding
dress ceremony wedding groom bride Andi
those words just mean ching-ching-ching
it's like and as a priceless you know
it's like 35 euros for sewing the fit
bodice and whatever you call it the
corseting you know and it's like oh it's
a wedding dress
so that's 120 sir like hey how how did
that jump to 120 you know anything is
like this this bag we're going to hold
the dress I bet you this is normally
like 20 30 euros just be like oh oh this
is some special one it would be like a
hundred euros I'll be like good no I
hate when people do write like you have
so many other expenses when it comes to
your wedding and then everyone just
things they can cash in like like
wedding photographers and videographers
are actual like we have to beg people to
favorite our videos come on guys
they were the video so I can get a trash
bag otherwise we'll get were bringing
the black bag back or what it does you
know when you go to the airports you get
the bag to put all your like your
liquids in we'd be like trying to stuff
the wedding dress since one of those
liquids bag things like it'll go true
just good or maybe you could just wear
the wedding dress over yeah you know
under play you like going to customs for
everything so it's like it's like way to
be pink off our sides all my diamonds
okay okay I've got a dress full of
diamonds so we're gonna go today
books um then we're probably going to go
into a jewelers in town I think we are
we yeah everything so we're gonna get
the wedding rings cuz I think I think
it's about time we bought wedding rings
you know I just I think that's I think
it's my time but two weeks for the
wedding so you know might uh yeah
and because we were gonna buy them
online and ornaments up and I knew like
oh we have an office in court like RM
the jeweler we place in court nothing
alright and then then then I'm also
going to nip into either Gavin or a BT
or something like that and pick up some
wedding attire a little attire a spare
tire so yeah we should get everything
knocked out of the park today and that
leaves pretty much all although Anna's
mom is leaving for Italy tomorrow
morning oh my god we probably go over to
dinner tonight but like when they leave
it's kind of like whoa
that's it that's it that's it folks back
up the troubles in your old suitcase
heading to sorrento to get married I
lost the song I lost at all
today is the actual Leaving Cert results
today this is like your final Secondary
School Leaving Cert result thing in
Ireland so how did you get yours even
sort results today or yesterday did you
wake up with a terrible hangover and go
most legends are gonna jealous I can't
even remember what I did yesterday I
pass what did I feel like I don't
remember
cuz it's going to be crazy tonight in
town
there's today we're sooo Oh also on
Twitter yeah we just went over Leo got a
bajillion then you get a bajillion
points he's a smarty and me I actually
don't know what did you get you got some
pointage we should totally had time
tonight score some teenagers boom I
thought the little scaffolding
scaffolding right there had fallen down
it was actually just a guy on a
skateboard
anyways I'm waiting for a hair curler
from GK hair and a small Sam Sherman has
the same one
my name is supposed to come in they
probably sent about at the same time but
sound kana Dockers um earlier because he
didn't and again it always takes ages to
get some fear book yeah I'm doing the
people wave one as well she's doing
anyway as of ones of check presents we
want to win it but they look so cool
they've got like four different legs
call them like barrels or whatever I
don't mean the war : tons my god there's
the guy that works in the real bugs I
hate him so much he was so rude to me
that time oh I got a box but I'm just
assuming it's for me it might not be you
got nobody noticed you did that well
whatever you guys what company makes the
thingies do you can't hair that looks
like you don't know a Sedona lace boring
no it's not boring I was born for me all
this is where he's exploding envelope
Jonathan I bring to that the last time
an overlook this robe was carefully
we've already exam blows before from on+
and they're like exploded yeah that's
for the body shop isn't it maybe that's
from the body shop since Dublin don't
balloon body shop are so nice they
always send me the nicest Oh watch up
the body shop my job interfaces don't
you oh my god it's another ton of makeup
oh my god I've wanted this for so long
it's the number number see I told you to
fly a chopper so nice oh my god it's
never stop I want to sing at myself I
never did I never get anything so I'm
just pretending I'd fall for me this
one's more so you got all those presents
well what do you know
Suzanne Sheehan oh yay 24 left
no thanks to that we got the payment yay
it was the next one this is like a card
oh yeah but you said people to put it in
a card member
it's like a proper Hallmark card though
oh it's for my sister and her boyfriend
from Canada oh please she's like she's
not able to make it to the wedding it
was nice because I knew it felt like a
proper one I was like what I didn't
think it was from Canada
maybe she lives in Australia you know it
was really nice to her she she asked me
for my dress and I was like I'll just
take the P o box address because our
address might change but the PA box will
never change yeah so okay that was my
haul my goodness
the old stomping ground a Brad Martin
Tesco what goodness I haven't been here
in so long there's a game here so I'm
gonna go downstairs to the game and see
if I can get some game posters cuz I
don't need three more posters now fill
the wall that'll be pretty awesome okay
oh yeah they're very holy powerful
probably not probably not
awesome I got my ring size I am a rebel
you or eleven and a half in the US or 65
in Europe it's not awesome she's
actually really funny by that she's I
just had any fun I love the way your
fingers got bigger and smaller I never
knew that crazy
obviously it's along though so it's kind
of like you know what I mean if you get
married at the size W that's it okay
that's what I definitely sign up for now
what do you say gentlemen Justin Trudeau
dressing room wedding wedding wedding in
ww2 or governing w alright that's nice
for a surrender
you guys remember we're here last time I
was gonna write Jeff Jeff had the one I
wanted oh excuse me guys mmm that's
tougher no it is nice I like the crumbly
effect
Jeff thanks
goodness
mmm no no sorry
apologize apologize that ridiculous
outburst this reminds me of when we were
born we were trying to buy my seat for
graduation yeah I mean it Cleo because I
came I was like what are you trying to
do man these are really nice done 34 yes
just to be safe I'm going to be doing a
lot of wedding cake 40 Frenchy look I
don't know what me either
this is mom what too small well it's not
it was the perfect yeah it's like the
shirt doesn't let me go very well did
you know why would you say that's too
small yes achee perfect isn't it you
need to get like okay so then trivia 42
I am wearing a bigger top okay
take these and then we need to get you a
shirt
just what is this 34 regular didn't have
any short hmm
you're short Jonathan is hurt a key
challenge okay let's get a shirt not one
of these
the patient's right ever
that's kind of cool mmm I feel like a
starched collar already
yes stiff yes I'll call it oh wait look
mm-hmm sure key
thank you Jeff would just take one in
with you it's very heavy no that's very
heavy
well one shirt let's try another one I
like with short sleeves
I don't make the non-flying on this
gonna try on a suit right now he's ready
further unreal he's ready okay very nice
yeah it's really nice what you mean guys
you have closed the button yeah all
right
are they okay to do the belt
no oh well then try the 38 No hmm well
it's your new site all right yeah no
they fit you really well in the leg they
too long maybe a short film he
pronounced the city right yeah yeah it's
not a big deal I know it
yeah me too named Brad I like it I like
it a lot too nice the winner yeah yeah I
really like that suit it's like great
it's not even like beige it's like an
Apollo personal focus of one is that
it's not anything yeah
no but I don't want you to look like
that guy anyways I'll read you guys
anyway see okay shouldn't their sides
Delaney they should have bought them
cheaper
now we use get shoes as well you know
what Jonathan what I was thinking if you
don't want to get like suits you you
don't have to it's like you can get just
like toms yeah a lot of people do not
know weddings but I don't think you'll
find Thomas here but yeah a lot of
people wear like convergence off
Maryland that's it
suits in the bag look at the cool little
banked in the game pins my kind of cool
oh my god we're completely broke now but
let's still get more things why
screaming muffled no
you know I barely fit into my clothes at
the moment like I don't think adding
more ice cream and muffins is going to
really make it anyway better so let's go
to the center
shall we okay there's a genome here in
that hand which I counted loads of times
I think I hopefully the guys on that I
kind of know so I'm gonna see if I can
get in and see if I can wrangle myself
some poof's hairs only need three more
to fill the wall and then we're done do
you want to listen to what I say
peripheral hearing is something it is -
I got two more closely gave me an extra
Zelda one so I might just have enough we
actually put the honeymoon short cause
look existence tree he's coming out so
my chefs from hilarity for is this is
great
sorry about that that's actually a game
sorted I've got to midnight opening
thing this it it in some sort of that a
competition optional course thing on the
night at eleven o'clock yeah I'm really
happy that they actually did it cuz I
really like them and I like to promote
it and I like to give them business
because talk with gentlemen of course
didn't once actually sorted me out in
the end last time with the black ops
bloody Xbox thing remember let's check
it out
the cocaine jus just hang out and eat a
bone Marley just hanging out eating a
bone alright bowling thing as well just
hanging out having a bone mm-hmm no no
I'm no mischief action look what I got
from a game it gave me this now just
before you ask I do not have a 3d a
sting I think it's like a poster or
something like I was saying and then I
got these posters over here and
hopefully that should feel just enough
for just I'm still missing a couple of
people um 15 people that have emails
their to their PayPal and their email
accounts and they haven't got back to me
yet and some of them have actually paid
but I don't have sizes or addresses and
so I'm not sure really
what I support what I should do like do
I make sure I guess their size or
something
okely-dokely huh check it out
I don't want her to yeah I got to them
there so I came back to front them which
is really what I wanted to do but I cut
a little bit out here cuz I was like
that was just like a white patch which I
just stuck up there and I was like I
excellent to keep the alien or thing in
but uh yeah then we go Sheldon I'm gonna
gel it but I'd only stand around here so
you never receive is a Latino Mortal
Kombat doesn't there's LD one of their I
think
Suzanne Lippert ideas a lot of Zelda
well as elder they're trying to shift a
Zelda posters but am almost got it done
guys
almost I get this little area here and
sort of round the top we can't really
see them when in frame that little bit
maybe more there or there and then I'll
start laying them on top as I get more
posters play to them if you have posters
or computer games lying around your
house they're like so much posters what
can I do them determine an envelope peel
box to 11:14 watch the mystery transport
send to me I will put it on the wall you
can know in your heart and soul that you
were involved in the participation and
creation of the game all also something
to ask me can they send me a picture of
them with their Hedgehog for subscribe
well I will be put into scrap a while
back up and by all means do participate
I think you know what we might what
didn't keep me what what okay I'm gonna
get this side to the subscriber was only
another corkboard it's pretty bad like a
party here to corkboards there and up
there and then that's the game side of
the wall but yeah Oh smiley blithely
then look what was in the post when I
got here oh my new pasta forte it's one
of these em new European ones don't just
look at see if we can block all the did
I make any mistakes
mm-hmm mm-hmm look it's like a it's like
a black and white so the thing with
which is that point it's like a black
and white picture but yeah our pasta
port a there's my old pastor porting
their covers yeah awesome
whoa I can leave the country legally I
was going to get some sort of a boat
smuggle myself in Italy this is our
final meal here finally it's the last
time we're having meal in your home as a
single lady oh oh oh
and we have schnitzel schnitzel grouper
barbecue mush hey wait a second do you
think abortion assaulting me I'd like to
have the most schnitzel this is it
Carol leaving for Italy tomorrow holy
