so we're headed to think well actually
we're headed to my mom says because
we're going to do we're going to drop
her actually I think he's going to pick
it off but yeah we're going to drop her
to the garage and then it's a car
wouldn't start
oh really I can get it started
anyway she's getting reacquainted ads or
car and she's bringing it to the garage
so she's I think we're gonna bring her
and pick her up or something like that
I'm not even really sure but and I look
really made off because I just did not
like Joanie Mad Men kind of inspired
look so that's why I've got the red
lipstick on and Jonathan doesn't think
there grows deeper gritty white they're
released or worked through the pain
and last night I did this oh my god I
did a French manicure myself like DIY
for the first time ever there was a
total fail but because look what is that
I think this is the only short nail that
I have that broke whatever but not only
that it like smudged afterward like all
of them are smudge because I used these
stickers this hunt is better done design
is way better but I use these stickers
and I think I just did it wrong because
I painted them first bed and put the
sticker on and then did the tips and
when I lifted the sticker off and lifted
off like all the nail polish with it and
it
like a gluey residue that's why they all
look smudged like even if they're not
smart they all look at because they've
got like stuff underneath but that's
like funky so that was a fail
so I might do it again like with that
and do it just not paint them first you
know like I might do it like just on a
bear nail and put the sticker down and
see if that works but like it's gonna
crop if it leaves a reed like gunky
residue stuff because then I don't know
if or like a lying across like somebody
crossed an ad that was painted then take
my course yeah that's what it is
but did you put the sticker on your nail
as well no where else we're gonna put it
no but wasn't it some sort of a two-way
system we're doing didn't you put
something on the nail and then you flips
it over and then put something at the
top no because I know what you're
painting I did my toes as well you can
probably already see them but they're
like a pearly white pearly pink a peachy
pink nice so yeah so if you want to
check out my makeup tutorial for today
then just go in my channel and it will
be there today and I'm wearing lots of
black today actually I'm wearing red as
well but I'm wearing like a red cardigan
thingy and then black pants why am i
doing this like oh my god black pants a
black leather jacket and black another
umm shoes a leather handbag because when
you're finished watching to make a video
call your boyfriend or husbands didn't
you up over to my channel and watch the
wind came oh yeah computer games for
boys makeup for girls and you both come
together at the end of the day and watch
the vlog
so the teeth whitening is going well but
it's just really painful like around
this time it's like kind of midday it
gets a really painful like morning to
midday for when you first take them off
it's okay I know that kind of kicks in
and then in the evening like afternoon
evening like late afternoon evening it's
okay again but I'm I keep brushing my
teeth that's the sensitive toothpaste oh
my god I just wish it would stop if you
guys got any tips though for em if you
have this cleaner look up people left
comments in the trace in it or in the
trace sitting in the comments and they
have those trays and they've had the
bleaching like you know if you got any
comments to help out little Nina out
greatly appreciate it it's just sore
just like it's not like to take those
you know it's like your teeth I've never
had sensitive teeth oh no that's like
it's just like your teeth hurt like
they're bruised or something you know
yeah but that's worth that I suppose it
looks like Anna's laptop's actually just
shrunk forget it small it was exactly
the same as analysts but it's like
really small it's let me ya know area 15
age 17 inches like we're at the
mechanics Oh doggy at the mechanics is
Anna
alright the mechanics I'm gonna wait in
the car here because I don't want to get
wet you know nobody wants to get wet hey
they've got flowers wine wine we bought
flowers Sybil mechanic okay doggy
terrible rainy wet day table or anywhere
day it's honorable Reni what they that's
a big truck so we're down in double last
court because I'm going to try and get
more posters from just another game stop
here I hope it's as successful because
I'm missing tweak those three little
slots in the wall the time for posters
and so
I hope this place is as nice as the one
in the other place no if they absolutely
nothing else isn't a point if the other
guys actually messed up with the
PlayStation Xbox game you know read that
one there nobody does this that's the
one don't go there they're mean people
begin to my person again what is that we
always get the cookies and cream one oh
man I want to play better
you get your skill book thing no it's
not
desirable
good job use Caribe Isis and Africa some
fields an icy patch me
okay people are being moved I feel
walking in the door of jeans you know
just keep turning and we're just on you
it's like everyone's office yeah
no nobody
oh you're waiting
and right when the whole woman
hey do you have to like times but I'm
talking a few presidents until I get a
little sort of a carpet thing here
looking ash and not really next side a
really they were sitting out there but
oh my goodness and it's tasty tasty it's
up I'm using the straw yes I am a
professional and I feel my presence
being the family no no no say hi lawyer
so tell us guys this is it like it a
little interview okay okay let's see
what will I ask them okay are you
nervous with the widow yeah
Oh
I'm so cute you never spent waiting no
no no you know marrying him no don't
know you know quite well you get
yourself into
just don't get trellising you'll be fine
yeah just you know your Phoebe cousin
yeah
are you told to remember yeah I told
them all
yeah you tried to kill me with turtles
why should I choose with the term let's
try that the turtles kill you
hi I'm Natalie I was just a facilitator
like you guys hope my first
I mean my frickin paopu smell fucka hell
like what come on man I need summer for
more than five minutes we were outside
today so we're gonna off the super
Valley we go today
okay we're ready to go or do we leave
open a new song strike what Newt I lost
it I lost it right down the roundabout
round and round around about round and
round and round about see any cars they
look off I feel the cause I'm about oh I
don't have any of you guys which
probably was you guys but you guys are
awesome but I am doing fail against
video I just put up lots of people
comment and thumbs up and I was very
positive it looks like maybe the best
straightaway interactive sort of blur
you know oh yeah yeah you're very like
whoa you did it again if I don't give up
after we well I'm not I tell you I'm
driving forward but yeah thanks if you
are if you're a wonderful future of many
oh I hate the rain and why do you live
in a country that rains easy presenting
to tie no no but we're gonna go to Super
Value we're gonna stuff our faces with
cakes
that's your percent you're waiting your
happiness no no I drove into Tesco I
don't want to be here I don't want to be
here Tesco I don't want oh I'm not high
oh whoa whoa I'm not supposed to be here
I'm not supposed to be here hi yeah hi
I'm not supposed to be here I'm supposed
to be in Super Value hmm what you have
super Mario it's not the kind of Super
Mario I'm after we made it to school by
about you know I like about to be better
I like the floor case the pink one yeah
I have dinner tray and no yellow from
Angela bubbles who someone at the
comment Benet said they own a Super
Value hi so the crazy thing about the am
lucky charms here seem like a quit cuz
that's like $13 not crazy
it's like $13 for a box of cereal he's
not insane
and you guys in the u.s. leave me below
the dollar man fighting for them because
I just think that's insane $30 for a box
of cereal easy about it
alright are they that good it's actually
charms gold nuggets inside radio you
person to ever
I read the side of these in the car okay
do you see what it says here I don't
know if you can work for the macro to
kick in it says anyway may have an
adverse effect on the activity and
attention of children actually warning
this may have an adverse effect on the
activity intention and children like
look at the amount of ingredients like
this is crazy
now that's have a wash that's not a
cereal what what are they
dart dad hell are these other things
what did I taste like okay I'm going to
try one okay I'm feeling the adverse
effects all right
I like marshmallow sweets or something
how was this a breakfast cereal
