he's our friend he's your friend no
you're a beautiful-looking not blue he's
at the front door I think the heat is
over guys I think the heat is over I
think it's over don't want nobody is
interested anymore
and happy times we surprised he's back I
think I think marty is in Wexford for
the weekend wasn't it was it Wexford Oh
golly
same thing ha ha oh yeah nobody's
interested in Cena anymore yes I know
because he came in you gave her a little
sniff and he's like oh whatever and just
left and I was like yo me guys kick ass
it's over
no teen pregnancies today is finally I'm
so happy it's over because now they can
you know they can be friends we can
leave them alone together but I'm not
worried about you know having the
conversation with Cena you know getting
it to pee on the stick and being like oh
do you can you hear a break to test for
a dog like peanut this is the time now
where that Marty and audience Cena to
find out if em if they're really
actually friends or is it was it just to
heat because I remember when I was a
teenager one of my first girlfriends we
were going out for like three years
together somewhere and you know in your
life kid you can with these stupid ideas
but um she was all like oh that's like
see if I can check is stronger than just
making out you know so we didn't like
kissing for like a week or something
like to see of our relationship was
strong enough you know and it was like
if you ever done that
don't ever do that okay but yeah because
you know obviously having a boy so I
went to those who'd we go this to me go
this is cool with me go but I actually
wanted to see was it and we broke up so
what's love know I don't know Stephanie
breakup I can't remember but yeah he's
just putting it now it's like now the
heat side of it will Marty keep calling
for a B and C you know or you'd be like
or whatever I'm over that come over that
I'm moving on you have the situation for
the boyfriend a girlfriend for that to
you Anna has abandoned me I'm abandoned
and abandon we talk it so when am I
gonna help Bob hold on some honey Rose
Darius died huh you would think there's
nothing in that with you
look there like nothing air but all
squished don't like what they're
squished and I went to that am baking
school place what to call you know the
one you love baking think she is a TV
show Betty Crockett not Betty Crocker
Betty Crocker can't remember name of
what Anna's gone there with her mom and
her sister and they're gonna have
themselves a hell of a time but um I've
been relegated to the kid she a knows
okay cuz I'm making a video
reclose for freshness what if I don't
want freshness what if I want it to be
all stale and hard didn't you think of
that
Denny Denny's and I think attitude you
need a chin times you get to it wanna
see what it looks like when I filmed a
win fair game sting
it's my new lovely warm there's my big
light it's my camera crush it up and as
you can see here it's musk what
what hello can you guys see it cuz it's
over bright I am Here I am
so that's why I do I use screen than I
is that for the reading the information
it's always important though if you're
filming to em make sure to block out
daylight because daylight and make sure
to turn off any lights do you have
because as you can see the color you
probably can't take it out too much but
just a little bits of color that doesn't
make it good it's more like black at
daylight that way you can control all of
the lights it's very important to be in
control of the lights it's really funny
because I can actually see the screen
here as I'm talking to you guys okay
let's get to it
so yesterday's vlog two days ago I
suppose well yesterday for me is blog I
forgot to put the intro in and index one
I put the inter in at the end instead of
the outro guys like there's so much
going on at the moment you know and
Elvis yeah I just I made a mistake there
but it's just I'm trying to like get the
blog's don't get it on the mornings when
I do other stuff and then trying to to
win that game time trying to get that
channel launched that little show and
sort of build that up and keep going
with that and then trying to get married
in a few week two weeks as I'm and then
like awesome other stuff is like stop
the layers like cousins that the Commons
like oh no I did I did I enjoyed your
that so god knows what I'll put the
outdoor zarnian Chartier it doesn't
really matter
same thing investing I'm probably over
the hinges song but um after the wedding
there will be at a different kind of
intro but the song is always going to be
the ten seconds at the start cuz I
actually like that I make that chuni up
and I like it it reminds me of when I
made it up and I made it up myself
I hear some rumblings from afar oh did
you out what's the name of the place I
couldn't remember I was like Betty
Crocker okay
Fatima loo how many people were
screaming at the screen ballymaloe
so I got this for us because it's funny
Malou country relish reason Pauline
purveyors of happiness oh my God look at
thick it is we missed you very much but
we have some chocolate on now so we're
all kind what's this thing Steven oh oh
we used to pass all the time Oh Steven
himself and you guys go to Stephen
Pierce because that's beside the
chap isn't it Shanna Garvey let's taste
his relish
they just think it gets better Eterna
making him like much better better cuz
his tummy's got like a start I just
wanted the juice like really high-end
and stuff so I think it's so I just took
a really really long nap I don't even
know how long I was asleep for but it
was a long time and I don't know what
happened like today has just been a real
off day for me like I went to Bali Malou
with my with my mom and my sister and I
just felt so tired for the whole thing
um and I I don't even know maybe I just
didn't sleep that much last night
I didn't even kind of take any notice or
anything
also the trays the bleaching tray like
she dentist or any of this but I think
might made my teeth really sensitive and
it's kind of my fault as well because I
wasn't eating the sensitive toothpaste
she gave me in the beginning because I
was just like using the Colgate like um
she gave me Colgate sensitive one but or
wasn't using the Colgate white or no
what am I saying
no I was using the Colgate whitening one
which is the one that we have and has
like all the time because I just I never
took the other ones into the bag and I
just I didn't have the sensitivity so it
didn't mean anything to me but today now
my teeth like it there were almost the
point that they were it was almost a
little bit painful you know it was just
so sensitive
and now they've kind of gone down a
little bit so I brushed with the
sensitive toothpaste this morning but I
don't know what like just today I think
so tired you know those days where
you're just so tired and you just like
want to stay in bed the whole day no my
mom called me and I was like okay I
don't want to waste like the day so I
will go and you know I had to get
presents for my cousin's anyway and my
aunt and uncle so that was fine but I
don't know I just was so tired when I
came home like as if I had gone on a big
long journey or a trek and I think it's
funny because I didn't get enough sleep
last night because I was just like
content like I went in too bad these two
followed me
they're so cute because they really
missed me or they must have really
missed me because they came and they
they went into bed with me and it was
really nice of them so I've just been
here like the whole time that I've been
home and I came home about five I want
to check time is it now well it's now
eight and I literally have not done like
anything since I came home I just slept
and I was so tired say the curtain joke
hmm I'm not really tired anymore but I
was just so like drained of energy and
like how am I gonna get to sleep tonight
now cuz we slept till 8 o'clock it's so
cozy in this bed but it isn't it like
some people just don't understand like
they're like oh you don't have a job
because you're very mome because you
just sit on your ass and make youtube
videos all day but I don't know I guess
if like I guess some people just don't
understand like it is a full-time job
like I mean that that's what I do even
to some of my friends like most of my
friends like they're nice about it
obviously you know and they think that
you know they respect that's my job and
everything but I think some of them just
don't understand there's like
we have a job it's a it's hard and plus
if you're like me and you really like
schedule it and like kind of plan things
out like I don't make videos at the
weekends usually I I take like I upload
Monday Wednesday Friday during the week
or at least like that's usually the days
that I upload if not it's like Tuesday
yeah Tuesday Thursday Saturday or
something but you know like I'll film
like during the week I'll upload like
three days a week then you know all the
other days I make sure to blog because
my blog is actually pretty popular and
I'm proud of it so I don't want to kind
of throw that away so I blog and that
takes time as well because it's a lot of
planning and kind of like you put just a
lot into it so I blog every single day
like seven times a week and then I
upload video three times a week and I
plan like every week like what I'm going
to do and make sure to do a fashion to
make up for her hair and like another
kind of different kind of video and it's
just it is really dripped like when it
comes to the weekend because I take
weekends off because I'm not gonna do
like I'm just not gonna film on the
weekends because and some people are
like oh if you're doing it like that
that means that you don't enjoy it
anymore it's not that at all I love it
I love my job you know and to me it's
still like I've combined my hobby with
like my job you know it's not like it's
something I dread every day obviously
there's some days when you're like
covered in spots and like you don't you
don't want to film cuz you're like do I
look disgusting but most the time it's
it's like I love it it is like my hobby
as well so I'm not saying that I'm just
saying that if you are if it is your
full-time job you kind of have to
regulate it like that or like schedule
things like that
so I take weekend weekends off just like
don't film except for obviously the vlog
and because that's different that's not
like it's just it's different so when it
comes to weekends sometimes I'm so tired
like so so tired because I do work like
sometimes into the night I try not to
you know cuz that's not very good but I
do work really really hard like I'm
pretty much in front of the laptop
all day like whether I'm in Photoshop
editing software like filming you know
it's just like and sometimes you just
want to be away from all of that so
that's why I do that like I just have
weekends off and I just try not to like
stay in front of the laptop or you know
editing software so but that doesn't
mean that I don't like it okay so more
like oh that means that you know you
don't enjoy it anymore but it's not that
it's just like it's just like anything
you need to break breaks of anything so
and I have plans to like not leave you
guys like video less for the duration of
the time when we're in Italy which is
only a week but I still have planned to
film I'm gonna film either next week or
the week after
cuz I still have two weeks left two and
a half yeah to know how I'm gonna go to
film six videos instead of three that I
have three TIFF to put up that week when
we're gone you guys will know that I am
NOT actually there like that I'm in
Italy and then the videos were pre
reported but I'm still gonna do it just
cuz like it's just better like not to
leave you guys for a whole week with
nothing so I plan to do that and then I
think I'm just gonna block the whole
time like officer gonna vlog the whole
time that were there that's gonna be fun
but think I will like you know I'll do
like outfit posts and stuff on my blog
so it is definitely like a lot of work
you will just don't kind of under some
people who don't understand it like you
know other people to do or anything that
you're always there like to you know at
your beck and call kind of thing like
that you're never busy you're you're
always free which can be annoying
sometimes but yeah the people that are
like closest to me understanding fully
like my mom understands she's really
good about it and like my best friends
do so it's fine but that reminds me
she hosts it's my best friend yeah
anyways so yeah I have to have something
for dinner because I'm starving now I
woke up and I was like craving um bread
and butter don't know why I'm just
craving bread and butter so I don't know
if that's a very healthy thing for
breakfast not for breakfast or for
breakfast for dinner so when we had such
a nice lunch in Polamalu and my mom's
actually like if you're not gonna vlog
anything and I forgot my camera so I
didn't vlog it so I'm really sorry about
that cuz I know a lot of you and
probably have really enjoyed volley
Malou but um look at all be laid out I
thought anyways yeah so I'm gonna ask
Jonathan if we couldn't go now because
he's playing his station but I'm really
hungry
and it's actually a really nice day as
well today it's very sunny outside and I
hope I didn't kind of waste it by
staying in bed but I was at earlier I
was just so tired I don't know what's
wrong with me anyways yeah we're gonna
go now MIT so pretty sensitive oh it's
the bottom yeah those ones there's just
so so sense it would say like hurt a
little bit so yeah I'm gonna go and
we're gonna have our dinner now oh my
god we're not going to Tesco oh my god
yeah it's new I'm scared you guys ready
you build hands say actually really like
them stars for look at it that's nice
that's a win for me here like I remember
it donkey this is her media to donkey
and the top of Castle Street there's one
of these and it means recognize some
other brands and stuff that are here
like I'm looking to press I didn't
desert anyplace forget you Tesco oh my
god check out this look chicken stuff
for dinner
roast beef dinner chicken emotional high
cottage pie I'm never gonna have to cook
ever again oh wait I don't cook in the
first place but if I ever was going to
start cooking
I didn't eat you thank you for value so
they're in great chocolate here they're
great cakes here you've got great
dinners here patrol all that away guys
because you know they have here euros
for a pack of Lucky Charms
my goodness dewetting as close as close
as close as can be well you know it's
happened today guys we have 15 whether
I'm happened today might happen
yesterday I just happened to notice
today when I was down I'm the channel I
was like 15,000 subscribers
she's gonna pop he's like whoa 15,000 I
need to air it take better care of
myself a to present myself better
mmm I'm good afternoon gentlemen and Jen
two ladies you know be awesome now I'm
just saying just asking time to make it
not really but anyway show me the best
wedding present ever
another five thousand could we do that
in two weeks impossible I say it's
impossible I would love food someone to
prove me wrong but imagine a like 20
kay 20,000 subscribers on the wedding
day that would be amazing balls
seriously amazing models probably gonna
go over to Haven oh my god you're
begging the subscribers relationally
lose though the subscribers saying that
but I'm just saying like Dettol be
totally awesome that would be like the
best wedding present ever
wouldn't then what do you guys think
you're just like asleep he's like asleep
they're waiting you're waiting for this
these little pies that we bought
Shepherd pie and I got chicken and meat
pie but think about it you know take
time mm thing do I know 5,000 people
that would subscribe to this gun shows
it needs you do if you don't buy those
any will help iPad today about or you
know one person till one person because
that one person might know 5-7 people I
don't know I don't know these things I'm
just saying that would be amazing balls
band 2d outro
