more oh sure more 19 days 19 no longer
20 19 days were like teenagers now oh my
god I changed my mind
like that we must go to the dentist do
again because I only see a different
trace close am the bottom tray is like
monkey or something that money t-shirt
yo this is one Anna gave me a my a my my
do you do any wearing clothes you're
like cool what do you do when you're
like wearing clothes and you're like my
my pimpin you pick your clothes hope you
do you pimp it my hip my I might be
stylin yo my sister gave me that like a
year or so ago the team show stayed with
us
it wasn't super late pretty good the
game stuff here this one here and I
asked if you have any posters see if I
can get them for the winter games
background thing I could be denied but
hopefully I'm not denied yeah that works
out really well if I was like dead on
they gave me like what do you mean like
three four five posters so I was going
to say today with her mom and her sister
what are you going to see Anna finds me
right faces have you seen that before so
I turn time lucky a let's see if it is
as funny the third time if you just
waiting there's like yeah
so client's Yap churning butter
underwing yep community and supporting
past I'd say this point your second time
third time soon lasting emma has seen it
and I think everyone says show I'm a
good time so that's what's happening
there
I'm gonna go home you that it's in green
green time we're looking for here is
this for am is this paintbrushes
sometimes I find the olive oil in the
bathroom with rock on the makeup
fractious like this what we deal with
this
what about Filippo's one I've never
given him one kind of a bone in me for a
rawhide shoe so they don't eat it you
just play with it
era pets natural sweets try game ago
what better this thing up here I know
sounds like put that so much I didn't
hey they catch them outside and then
just like chop off your leg and they
sell it in here Jordan take that
okay give more know how do you want I'll
be on touch it
Cena mine alright give it a go Joe bye
all make up fire is it make fun oh you
drop it in in your arm there somebody
get that frame would include it if you
do that would like ketchup or a chili
sauce when you're in the shower just
like put on your hands like hmm like a
sampler
I think if she's glad yeah like food
trucks are example on so they just like
look healthy
that's too late yeah yeah no it's too
late before I was thinking you could be
an animated series look at one that's
freaking dark with it
what ray pills come in and get out of
tester makeup and just do all their
makeup well the tests don't make look
you know get in trouble would you you
just come in here in the morning like
right in areas like going through a
hunger stands I could use like you put
like half the shop on your hand you know
yeah let's see like so much with so many
women walking around like little sort of
testers on their hand life well how do
you get it off they should actually
supply a complimentary white hair you
know like a little dispenser if you just
take away today I thought I thought was
a unique idea this is I like that
pharmacy so not really or a chemist as
it's also a repair Key West although I
don't really think this is like a
chemist these news for the pharmacies
the more like shops you know is what I
like and I'll be like the chemist is
more just specifically hello my friend's
wife is a chemist see she doesn't work
in like a pharmacy she's actually like a
master works in like a lab that's
completely different
this world confuses me sometimes this is
like the standard punishment because I
mean I might walk inside a game shop
like the posters I am now being suffered
here that's like the rules under steps
foot into a game is grunt I'm a step
foot they made it through you've
definitely gone over time you know I
didn't spend this much time I didn't I
didn't check it check the tapes we got
B's for the jobs we've never gotten
these before and I don't know what
they're gonna be like but they're gonna
have some so I'm gonna give the bigger
one - steena because I know she's gonna
want this more
okay you ready you ready you're gonna be
good jogs lie down lie down Albie lay
down Oh Tina pussies
sit your bone see no treats use ah it's
your do not like it I don't know if they
really like it to be honest I think she
just doesn't really know what to do with
it
yeah you you're a crazy homeless give it
to mom
oh so plus I need to clean because my
sister is coming over to see the place
for the first time in real life because
she saw it on the blog but she hasn't
seen it in real life yet so and I have
to make the bed and all that funds
I'll give this stuff now - - guys okay
you guys do I can be regular kids what
come on guys look at the kids
hi guys what if I was to kiss hi ready
steady okay here's the Christmas present
for Kirstie look we actually get a
newspaper here news you know I don't
talk about ever again
I did that every time he does it really
well and I tried doing that once I did
something like similar and like didn't
work at all like that I think you were
like yeah that's it just as you're
coming towards the end every year I got
me you know I'm a nice being but
thankfully when stuff doesn't work out
when you're kind of like be 20 or
something yesterday it was so funny
Jonathan was talking about like computer
games or something and I was living on
them so ever and he was in the kitchen
like you know making copier yeah making
coffee it's just like sitting so wet he
just kept went on and on so I just kind
of went like I was on my laptop but I
just kind of like this like is
abundantly and he didn't look over and
then I kept like I was like this not
like I'd opened one eye of a like what
is he doing you know and then he'd like
turn around and then he turned back
right again I just go and I kept doing
it and you can't not noticing like at
all and then I stood it make like that
made me laugh you know
so far not a lot but I'm just like quick
try not to laugh and like trying to be
asleep oh my god was so dead spot and
when it all ended I think that I got it
in the end I like with like this and he
just came over going topkapi it was like
or you sleep it's like what like
anything was because he was finished the
whole conversation by that you're like
re have you fallen asleep he started
being idiot like then he didn't think it
was funny at all because the
conversation was long gone and then he
told me that when I was hanging at the
look I read II cut its ugly stupid
letters like three days ago I thought it
was trying to do something funny for me
like when I went when I came in but I
took so long you should tell it good it
was so funny how you go out the door
with the dogs they're all like yeah is
Frankie here gonna do like scratching
scratching at the window like a dog so I
got the end as well and I was waiting
and waiting in like their way inside
then I went to the toilet everybody at
my room that I was looking at the window
that assignees are a movement Iraqi
 and jump down because he was just
like it was like very strange Marcus
Jones were that yeah and he was just
like at the garlic and he had been
waiting for the whole time like trying
to do this joke and like it's not even
funny
hey when you do know you planned
something an end of time goes on too
long it gets kind of like to you because
you're like why am i kneeling on the
floor going like this good window like
ridiculous oh my god alrighty
ok so I'm a little po stars 1 1 2 3 4 5
6 I've six posters I'm like this wall
here and it's kind of like it's round
here's where I'm gonna shoot it so
protect your camera with your microphone
you point it like you connect the whole
rickety take up your pointed over there
to see I could just measure them out or
something no we don't know so what do
you think is it awesome and he is
awesome it still need a couple of more
though to fill in the holes but it's
pretty awesome so we won't hold their
kind of this area here that are you
there but it's a pretty good start you
see I reckon if I'm kind of like
something like that you know maybe show
we'll see we'll see well it looks pretty
cool isn't it I think it's awesome I
think it's awesome
ok I think it's awesome I feel like a
kid again in my room I'm putting up my
posters mom and I don't care what you
say I don't care what anyone says
and my posters a kitty gosh I love those
posters I think make me feel warm and
fuzzy inside it comes a time in
everyone's life when they must go and
actually clean their car it's been quite
a while in the coming so we never had a
driveway oh we haven't had a driveway in
quite a while
we're always in like apartment sort of
houses that we have never had the
driveway so now we do have a driveway
and a vacuum cleaner I'm thinking unlike
what so now I can actually just toward
the car which are pretty darn exciting
so I'm gonna go ahead and do that but
this bad boy this is like the best
vacuum cleaner I've ever seen in my
entire life it is amazing amazing balls
back in here it's just it's like
suctions like you know love that look a
good strong vacuum cleaner now guys and
learn just close this door but don't
anyone to freak out
okay okay everyone's okay have it nice
and clean well music can be I suppose as
clean as it can be I suppose put the M
put out the Encinas stuff into wash so
we could M so you could wash out her
stuff as well
you hear them might you get insane
little best dad as well dust down all
right no huh no thing is ready huh you
notice you know what this is this is
your clothes this is what do you guys
want Anderson yes the specter is no way
Jose no way no way heizo this is how you
do the washing up boys style you make a
game out of it you see the trick is you
need to try and o most well I'm trying
to do it in two moves I reckon we could
do better than that let's go again
let's go again guys okay ready you get
this to stop right outside oh I just
feel that like I think just I just feel
that we could do that better I feel we
could just do that better is one more go
one more go
it's all about the flow trying to kill
the dogs that's part that makes it
trickier oh I think I have to win we can
just gently pop all this stuff out
nicely John yeah yeah alright go yonder
just what I can freakin
Thank You Man Sina go straighten in the
corner try and escape but it builds a
new wall today oh I'm sorry oh no she
can escape did I do it did you not
escape
did I win now this is kind of dry
Peg's pretty much the wind is pretty
awesome and there we have the Tibetan
for the guys Oh lovely nice all the
chores have been done to you everyday
I'm folding and folding and folding
clothes folding and folding clothes
nicely done that's what I do you see you
just stuff it all in there close the
door
job done now play it come shoot our game
yes I will play as that man there's
something nice about it Saturday it's
something nicer by my wall just carry on
I'm trying to play here I think oh we
did it not me okay sorry
see that I know okay you just hold on a
second
hold on someone's that tire the tire
Timothy oh how was bridemaids for the
third time yeah you too lazy to go into
all your chores
- it was just like I'm so tired you know
in a really long day and then I was just
like like here I'm stinky right I have
to take off my makeup brush my teeth
flossed my teeth put the trays and like
all the white League it I was like
that's way too much to do I'm just
falling asleep these two that used to be
my spot man it's been taken over you
know excited to watch Torchwood eyes are
watering and I think I'm trying
actually not he's like all the chores I
did I made the place nice because Emma
came for the first time to see our home
I might like to our home in G Oh am i
was gonna do a guest blog post on my
blog and outfit of the day cool but it's
a pity we came here so late because
watch you're going today was really nice
I could take you with my camera saying
that you got a new lens still watch it
for that when the comment will do it my
parents my family are going to give me
Thursday this Thursday and then that's
it I wouldn't see them one till well
like not until the wedding morning yeah
we see don't we get this right now so
close how'd you make a list because we
have to get like we have so much stuff
to do still and like I don't even kind
of know where to start and like I still
have to get I have to figure out what
foundation I'm gonna wear I've no idea
what my mission the more I know about to
you is a minor thing but to me it's
pretty major just like I need to get
close
