Morrow testing the new copy today
the Italian roast hmm put it in a
machine EO let's give it a go Joe always
a sense of excitement trill and
nervousness when you're testing a new
coffee because it could be a good coffee
or it could be a bad coffee you just
don't know I know
hey no you come to say good morning time
you want to come in for two minutes that
is all right what it ow okay guys
say hello to your friends say hello to
your little friend
oh he's busy yes okay he is like in love
with her I swear to get in this life
it's all good yeah I think I'm heating
lasts about three weeks I think so this
is this is the last bit alert so one of
these mornings Marley and javi and the
rest of the dogs in a neighborhood that
have been chasing seen around I got to
wake up and they got anything like like
with some sort of a hangover you know
like because they probably gave up
everything they're like trading their
food or never he's like a pimp like okay
tell you what
this is what I'll do for you I want one
bone and I will give you five minutes do
it no guys I live to see day with RAM
when Marty's mommy and daddy go to work
they let him out in the morning but let
him in his garden but he's able to get
out of his garden into our garden
that's the plan he's plan of attack
smell right moral stain
Mauro's first martini oh well I'll lob
cutscene what's up Marty Cox and what so
what's his name
bluesy cuts but they're like they're
dancing the night drop I know and that's
who a mean dentist EOS I was going to
the dentist I was not me this time
oh she's getting around whitening trays
and a Philly own filler the fish turn
away right now right this instant
Oh kids you know join me a teen mom join
me in that Teen Mom show huh now kids
come on play nicely all right he has
Todd seen a navigation Cena's got an ice
cream cup doing it yesterday
well that's the good thing about being I
get it's a cola sack was I guess super
safe area there's no one around
so I'm good Marty's on top of the castle
let's get the verdict on the new coffee
tastes different just different so I'm
on the way to with the dentist and I'm
going to get my filling which I need
I'm playing whatever flavor filling are
you getting custard or Jam I'm actually
gonna get creamed and I did it again I
brush my teeth this morning
and then I haven't had any breakfast so
I feel a bit but I kind of don't really
want to have breakfast before going but
then I'm food will be like stuffing but
it's not a feeling it's you don't have a
cavities and they might you might know
me up like might get thumbs up yeah I
don't you can anyways and then oh yeah
so and then I get my trace for Maya
Beach for my whitening mm-hmm um I told
my best friend Christie who's one of my
bridesmaids about this yesterday I was
like I have to get my trace and she was
like what and then she's like I have
these this like vision of you sitting
there like toothless I was like your
teeth get taken it and put on these
trays it's like that's kind of what it
sounds like
no no it's very different than that
because I didn't specify whitening I
think I think it's just that I'm getting
my trays for my teeth and she's like but
anyways um she has like naturally rich
perfect like well she had braces but
like she's perfect like naturally really
white teeth so she's probably never had
to do any of this God you know anyone
else are perfectly naturally white okay
anyways so um and Jonathan's like why
are you putting a disguise
why are you putting lip
and I was like because I'm not the kind
of girl that goes to the dentist no lip
guards will get all sticky where's my
work and I didn't okay it's down I have
a big mouth I just go on and then they
don't even have to touch it but last
time I was there um my lipstick got all
rubbed off because it was so funny
because the girl is I thought it was a
complete freak I don't usually wear like
super dramatic makeup like in the
daytime and I had just done the
mary-kate Olsen look which was like a
real like smokey eye for me anyways like
I mean maybe not for me I was enjoy
delicious fun but anyway so I went in
there like really slow on like smoky
evening look what I was total weirdo
it's like why are you going on like that
is a little bit OTT the dentist and then
today I did like a winged liner but I
don't think they'd always our minds eye
makeup so yeah I just go cuz she wears
like the mask so she actually always had
this like weird it's just a little
flickers first thing I ever notice too
bad it's like on sheets toriel on that
well anyways so we're headed there now
and then oh my god I'm so excited my
little sister this pretty little anymore
but Emma if you don't follow her blog he
meets all her blog it's Amina leap day
it's just Amina II mmm i na li e bt d IC
h dot blog spot.com so remember it okay
slow down the video pause video
kinesthetics I'm not gonna put her in
description box them to anything but
she's back from Newport yeah
Newport Rhode Island's not good but yeah
she was there for the summer and she's
back today and she's actually back
already because my mom's the girl so I'm
really looking forward to seeing her
later and we're going back to my casino
okay bye anyways so we couldn't do that
today we're disappointing her ex haven't
seen her in like today class this week
I'm gonna be at more than six week old
summaries and she's also bridesmaid of
mine in my way every time
yeah I know is it hot is hot oh my god
y'all how do and I was going to say
something else a million forgot her
gaunt but yeah so I'm really excited to
get my whitening trays and on Saturday
I'm actually going which is tomorrow I'm
actually going to see my best friend
when I was talking about Christie
because she lives in Holland and I don't
get to see her very often I'm going to
see her and I'm going to give her this
one present last one has been in the
drawer you would care laughs I didn't
get to see her she comes for like three
days like every six months or something
next year yeah yeah I think we're
invited
we are don't know it's in Holland yes
that's good yeah yeah I can't wait
her boyfriend or her fiance is dope this
is the question we're having this
discussion the other day right what is
different in the Netherlands and Holland
and is Amsterdam in the Netherlands or I
always say the house that was in the
Netherlands when everybody thought about
it Holland and then he say like Oh
Holland but anymore so I put the
Netherlands and I always call that area
the Netherlands the nether region so
it's like this is Holland country of
Holland Orson analysers in Holland in
the Netherlands pretty sure somebody's
from that locale I've never been there
I've been there I would like to go there
it's very nice
Thanks so yeah that's what we're doing
right now
and I think we're like one minute Li
this is where we were the last time when
the bales of Arthur whatever it was with
white marble drops would require four
miles at Meharry but it's not happening
this time it's just radiating behind a
snow poem we've got slowpoke no we're
almost there though Joanna's at dentist
II forgot about 34 20 minutes Bloo so
I'm gonna all head down in my pants I
don't think Emma's there yet because I
think she's saying she's gonna pick up
in a bus station because I think she's
been awake for like 30 hours or
something and they were gonna grab a
copy in town so it probably won't be
there to be funny if she is actually
there because I'll actually spear before
I don't like he says to be hey ruzek the
data really enjoying doing the M in the
game series dang with that game
you guys watch that can you guys watch
that kind of a thing if you don't it
would be really nice if you did I'm not
there matching on there like push it too
much I don't wanna be talking about you
with your luggage because it's like you
guys are like a different audience not
every single one of you like so I'm sure
a lot of you may actually play computer
games but I'm sure some of you think
computer games are absolutely ridiculous
for children well I have a child
hello and I yeah so don't want to push
you too much but I think if you want to
like check out the other channels my
Johnson totally channel subscribe rate
comment from I kind of malarkey we got
much you kind of have a lot of fun doing
it like I'm I think I'm gonna do a car
one next cuz I started out seeing like a
first-person shooter one and then it is
sort of an MMORPG which is like a
role-playing type of online thing
although like people say I think it's a
fail I don't know I'm thinking this
one's actually a fail my first fail I'm
excited but I might do some sort of a
driving thing next I'm already sure I've
never played a driving game on on a PC
dinner all on PC at the moment pasta to
steam steam clock wedding balloons
I need wedding balloons well yeah so I'm
trying to figure out what kind of a
racing game is out there I don't like a
driving simulation but you don't like
use the mouse to like turn it because
you know what I've been playing with
PlayStation for so long you're like use
the little thingies to like control it
but if you like kind of are using a
mouse to turn you know
well the old Tesco hello Tesco you'll
miss me - miss me ever so yeah this
wrote in a while my old stomping ground
I said about a lot of places I've had a
lot of stomping you know I've been a bit
of a stomper a romper stomper
oh goodness it didn't you guys seen that
Philip don't ever watch that bill it's
like I don't know when it was so my
brother like when he was down went to
his stage of being a punk rocker and he
made me a there much film called romper
stomper you know and I was like okay and
it's like just like skinheads and it's
like oh boy oh boy see Ohio but you
haven't seen a doe see it okay
this turn always so long oh no what the
heck allows well this just is not fair
at all alright this is just not fair at
all I'm just living to my name whoa
check out the road markings with one
Osprey shows
you could we could remedy now machines
on it
I got a present look Newport Rhode
Island you guys recognize this design
here 1784 is that what year you were
there yeah I made a new friend today hi
everybody
why do you have a My Little Pony right
away oh is it she's actually kind of hot
for it my little pony da mo is there as
well we had cake and coffee and presents
I know
fine yeah yeah yeah hasn't fallen that
ya know it's cutely comes into a bag
like that
yeah I got you know that instructions on
how to do it
and I got this bag which looks really
fancy r-truth kind of cool isn't it oh
my god your hands in money just kidding
so okay so I got these are the trays and
there's like a bottom and they're just
clear white don't you yeah so they're
cool and then you get it looks kind of
scary be that syringe hmm
see that's the stuff yeah you put it in
but you only put like a tea near it and
these are the red ones so you use the
red ones at the end like on the third
week and then you use the blue ones
which are the stronger in the first so I
have to start with the blue and then she
also gave me because I get sensitive
sometimes she gave me this yes well this
is called a caustic sensitive release
she said that I should use that because
they might get they will get this
but the good thing about this treatment
whitening treatment is that it's all
like it's good not good for like it's
not going to damage your teeth like the
ladies are basically the laser
apparently is kind of damaging so but
she tell me about my teachers are really
good actually there was a bit of buildup
of like not because she say no it was a
bit of buildup of like flash stuff like
yeah like not dirt but you know like
teeth dirt or whatever like whatever
kind of buildup you get in here man in
here to see my bottom teeth I kind of
cook it like here my top ones are kind
of straight so it's just the bottom ones
it was like getting in there but she
said with regular flossing that will go
away
because I was before but now I am so she
said with regular soft glossing like
that will go away and then it will like
she's been happy but she she I she she's
like you don't think a lot of city
drinks to you I was like no like so dive
mean
like no and I was like what I do drink
coffee and she said that's probably
because like what this dating well I
don't know I think I had stain teeth
before the coffee thing because I didn't
drink coffee like yeah so yeah I think I
guess happen so she said no I can't
I shouldn't really drink coffee and she
was all like like because if I was gonna
kind of freaking out like something it's
because I'm not addicted to coffee like
I can substitute it for like green tea
or whatever I go yes he Jonathan's like
addicted addicted like I'm not I I don't
really care that much of it lucky for me
my I've been thinking every years ever
affected but yeah is he like that's what
I think I have soft like a softy anyway
so yeah and then she told me that I had
actually really good teeth and like I
don't need any feelings I just got the
one tiny but it wasn't even like a full
feeling it was like on the side there
was like a little groove it she was like
it's really weird with weight like kind
of area to get a feel to get like I'm in
the hole but it wasn't even a hole it
was like just a little groove and just
know that up and she gave me a white
filling I don't think I have any plans
Seminoles the ass hair I was like do I
have any feelings because I don't
remember I think I have like one other
one so that's cool and it was nice to
hear that my teeth are actually good T's
like because I mean and she cuz she did
a full gum cleaning and everything and
she kind of had thought I think that
they were worse because they looked
worse but then after she knew she was
like it was odd she just like dirt
that's pretty bad but it's not bad in
the sense then it's not anything like
long-term so she was like if you just
take care of them they're gonna be fine
yeah so yeah it's very up in this
yeah I don't wanna turn a big noisy
thing on because you're having a deep
chat with your friends oh I'm so jealous
Jonathan got to meet Emma I know but not
okay I got my little pony as well one
she wasn't there you guys know oh this
is a feast matter was a feast oh look
and Jonah's which I put more on them
yeah straighter shot sees the dog digs
probably won't be putting that on the
car though my forehead like that kind of
stickers on that car they come with a
bubble yeah she's pretty small probably
that debate would no that's huge that's
massive okay okay let's say you Albie
put one in the food's up home as crispy
buns yeah I can make them you look like
if she's joined the Girl Guides it's got
a neck of cheap on come to the light fix
that one there we go oh we got one too
to make the other one yeah you look
really pretty Cena just like it over
your head put it on like a banana and
she come back cool like a home dog like
the 2-pack a bandana
Oh little baby ah I have to admit the
red looks good with the white yeah red
there's a good look like you look like
Superman
do you like it huh me boy boy I'll be
showing the AMA come on come on this is
very long we'll just tuck this under
again yeah you'll get used to just leave
it for a minute
you'll start walking yeah boy Alvie
supermodel meal in the box
what does it taste like that is so funny
we can't here we have a fish cake
there's a homemade fish cake oh wow I
made this by the way yep I made this
area I posted it over then I said we
just you know doesn't what is that our
cream that's what's ours in the fresh
you guys ever have a pair of Tom's sure
have TOMS shoes this is Tom's here but
they're like apparently every time look
one for one every time you buy a pair of
shoes they give a pair of shoes to a
child in me a child in need
got a pair of shoes like this what is
that so cool
I was a good giver she has like three
pairs three pairs yeah so she's given
three pairs of shoes to a child in need
of
I'm gonna try the nation can I have one
of those positions I mean you guys ever
bought TOMS shoes this time no I'm there
the comfy shoes ever we're dividing New
York what do I think
so somebody put the stuff in their mouth
the stuff in their mouth oh look fine
ones I'm going to forget no ones because
they're not right I'm sorry I can't hear
you what are you saying
do you some sort of a lisp or something
come on ones because these ones don't
fit right close up I think you might
have just got Tom nailed here - you
sound like a movie star
I feel like fulfilled or what does it
feel like monkey Mindy cause like
they're also plastic ammonia whoa Oh
show them this ranges you have to put
syringes in Nina's Venus become a bit of
a junkie did you oh yeah because we
might all making a video so what you see
is in the start of the a channel in
about three weeks
oh my god well Joey found out today oh
you do look like guys now kiss me so
cool no quite name for life like there's
not so where do you have like syringes
what about real cuz there's no like
neatly apart what like mama starlight
and sister-sister starlight are leading
to our location this week
well not okay it's Saturday well it's
Friday nice Thursday this Thursday they
were like oh this weekend they're here
they're getting their packing and so
Freddy more like what in a frack
what the hell but it's not crazy guys oh
my goodness it's close and it's getting
closer and it's getting closer by the
day it's not going further away that's
doing a works dough I think so and you
know what's gonna happen tomorrow I
wanna be another day closer
