so I just found a box of batteries this
one right here is actually really cute
box it came with these old butter
shortbread he needs I'll be what kids
and other dogs inside and all these kind
of a bit fancy but anyways so I found
all these batteries in there and it hood
battery into a clock
so now our clock works so I think our
clock is actually kind of cool it's not
ours it was here when we first moved in
but it's kind of like retro reminds me
of like if 60s or 70s kind of house I
don't know it's weird but oh look
there's Marty hey morning
but yeah so now our time is gonna be
right in the back of all of our videos
because some people are mentioning
they're like it's always like 5 to 5 or
whatever it was so that's cool that I
found all these batteries as well so we
still have a lot of like kind of stuff
everywhere like not everywhere but what
we did because we don't have a lot of
storage space here is we just kind of
stash things behind doors so this for
example was here and yeah we've got like
suitcases and just all the kind of junk
with an mop we've still got some stuff
there that I need to put away that big
bag is laundry but I mean other than not
oh yeah and there's my dresser or my
chest of drawers I think in America you
must say dresser yeah I think I probably
used to say that as well actually now
that I think about it I don't when I
started saying chests I don't know it's
really weird there's like different
terms for furniture depending on like
the country and stuff but anyways yeah
so I think it looks pretty good that's
it right now and the only thing that is
wrong with this is here
oh it worked but you see here I actually
didn't do this this was like I think
this was John affection but um it's
split there so every time I open it it
kind of is like coming out so oh yeah
see there we go
there we go but it's okay I can live
with that
I mean everything else is perfect so I
don't mind but now I'm going to make my
videos here because I have all my makeup
handy like only makeup is like in here
and there there there there there
so oh and here as well so yeah I have a
lot of like all my stuff here and I'm
just gonna pull one of the chairs in
unlike film here I would love a mirror
there but I don't have one so I haven't
Merritt actually you can play see what
I'm doing from behind but yeah I don't
have like a mirror like that I can use
that but I do have the little model
mirror which I don't know where it is
right now what that's what I usually use
when I'm filming my videos so it's fine
like I totally don't mind but I think
this is a very nice setup and
everything's pink because you know this
kind of area is like my area but the
bedroom has become kind of pink anyways
because it's bed but um yeah so I'm
really happy with that
so I'm going to film a video there today
probably and see how it goes see what
the lighting is like and all that stuff
and then we'll see so right now I'm just
open up Photoshop and I'm just working
on a blog post for today and outfit one
and yeah and then I'm going to film and
do some more shelf what we don't really
have anything plans for its day I have
to go to the dentist tomorrow to start
my first or to get my trays and
whitening tray
which I do though for two weeks and
today I think is three weeks to the
wedding I'm pretty sure if you saw a 21
day marker come up then I'm right but
it's not that I'm wrong but yeah I think
today's 21 days three weeks to the
wedding
yep that's really scary and as you saw
yesterday my dress is now in the hands
of professionals and they actually took
it up like at the end or the call it
yeah the end yeah they took it up for me
because um it was a little bit long
no I was wearing heels but I was wearing
the same heel height that I'm gonna be
wearing like at the wedding so that was
like their idea I hadn't even so I'm
thought I just thought like oh it's fine
you know but just work with it but
actually when they did it it looked way
better because then the dress was like
skimming the floor and it just looked
very like it looked like it was hanging
better you know and then I just took it
in at the waist and the bust so I'm
gonna have to find a bra that I can wear
with it because I the only strapless bra
that I have is like forgetting to
pillows because it's a really good brows
but it's really padded and it makes your
your cup size go up like well it makes
your bust looks like it's two two sizes
two cups bigger so um it's really good
but it's not really what I need for my
wedding dress because it's too like
busty for the wedding dress plus like
it's gonna mess up the proportions a
little bit too much so yeah I'm gonna
have to get a proper like just not so
bad Abby's attacking the locals again
mm-hmm come on is Mari your sister or is
Marly your son is your son yeah my
brother
yeah they're all follow scene I began it
makes Cena run till a follower
yeah
mmm-hmm they're different sizes decided
to go all in and get a chicken Oh
chicken
motive
we're university that every single day
and hands-on home my guy but I did I did
a up chicken oh you need a row away a
monster like that
but I think we should all these things
it's a leg come on if we get enough of
the reduce of can we make our own
chicken put body parts can you make your
own chicken and the funny part
taking a halt for that one's Oliver no
chicken wings so two wings two legs two
breasts ahead some feet
Duns yeah I think I'm just going to get
the end minam said
well that's 20 cents yes you can have
that I did not realize it at 20 cents
that's your dinner
yeah nice they're gonna Moroccan based
it
I want the marketplace
that's horrible
mrs. lund this one's open knocking come
on you try it try it before you buy well
we're gonna buy it and then try it so
it's not really priced for your buying
but it should be a tasty time whether it
be a tasty pen mm-hmm crispy dough is
here but what the heck is a Mexican
fiery Chipola oh it's a chili or Thai
sweet chili never go this I'm gonna go a
little Sonic
I'm not brave enough to get the Mexican
and stuff let me get this one right
almost forgot we have no air the
mountain all filters futures excuse me
I'd like to filter my coffee please
could you please direct me towards the
filters there's no actually no purpose
what what kind of an establishment is
this I think if this one oh how about
chocolate toppings
hmmm this one last time the murky mocha
go this one
ten look Talia French
Oh si
hmm or Kenyan roast because some Kenyan
can't decide if I got the bilges though
I can't decide like to go Italian didn't
go French Colombian original Deacon not
decaf
should we try and like look like that's
finest
we go Italian okay okay he was going all
over the place and I was making a mess
of everything in my life was over
but then I found my life and I might got
better because that happened sometimes
she liked to swim I can see your father
even okay of course I'm not just
rambling
we got here now whoa that's this stuff
that's funky whoa commands that word
Nia Nia Nov what you like since we
handle movie room
what you think these days like yeah of a
bigger polar section and at the endpoint
one oh my god that is actually a
disgraced opponent you've actually like
insulted people
that's all
so it's very fanatical if it is all the
flavors that are nice Chas now mm-hmm
I do like me some children are a boss or
this one can you uh can you enunciate my
own this one
no no the one underneath is the word
underneath my own is or urine is alright
try something crazy
let's try one crazy thing from here this
is my yes what are these things you
don't try that yeah do it where no mega
a Krasinski all right give me a mega
Krasinski toffee attack oh is it
I just got toffee I make good grazinsky
toffee
poor Lando but these ones hey are these
those things that
everything's you steal they ever go to a
bed-and-breakfast you always get like
those demos of these what you do is you
just like steal as many as you can
it's like traditional denim breaks they
expect you they're actually insulted if
you do not steal they're not tell us a
choice
first me telling Joe pecet so
we've got some KSDK just real FSK we
notice a little school I was like and
250 exactly
no one is lucky things about a driver
sometimes you know when you go and you
buy food and stuff like that and it'll
factor over here eats our cake in front
of me while I'm driving along and I want
to eat my cake I want my cake whoa
what's going on over here
some sort about oh oh we've got the
Guardian everything here that's what is
going on here don't worry is crying
don't look pretty cheery y'all look
pretty chain invited me I say call
somebody and make it happen make it
happen so you know I'm Joe Mazel
so I tried to take a shortcut to beat
the traffic but I am being brought in
the wrong direction now that road is
closed
where does this road even go to I don't
want to go that way I'm doing he's just
given up he's given up oh whoa whoa it's
real closed the motorway is closed I
just want to eat my chicken what is this
what is this what have you done
so I'm gonna have to go round and round
round about reckon I can go that way
no oh god no just like a halting site or
something all right let's go round and
round the roundabout I'm not gonna not
in there because that's not really where
I want to go so I gotta go all the way
around here yep that's the town I want
to go to but this is not the right way
oh good grief I hate when that happens
I just want to eat my chicken and have
you moved on to more look at her look at
you go how do we do how do we write that
oh really so so man crud
oh quickly and now we're going back down
past the uninvited party that I was not
invited to let's slow down at this time
in world and window but I unguarded you
gonna follow me Topher's stop the lava I
was going back into second she beckoned
or infected or faculty battle Kappa what
what already there you go all right
what's going on here now what is up with
this partay pa rt why because I wasn't
invited I wasn't everyone's very dressed
up everyone's very dapper definitely
Dave
okay let's cruise by nice and slow on
the down low and see if we can find out
what's going on all right
look Bernie I know they're not it's kind
of odd isn't it I don't feel I lose more
backup backup has arrived
whoa whoa I feel out of the loop I feel
I feel like I'm leaving from this town
maybe they don't know maybe they don't
know we're here yet I just rolled out no
no hey what's going on what's going on
in here now she's like but what's the
schedule over there be camera I wouldn't
know he's only happy with the game all
right go get Lou let's go with okay I
can go crazy because I know food I need
food me now oh yeah
seasons a kitten's e munch munch in Z
okay we are going back into the traffic
that I try to avoid but now it's worse
because I'm coming from the wrong
direction I should have just it's a
total no Liam situation here I should
have just embraced the traffic except I
tried to add smart to traffic in the
traffic said young man whoa whoa
Oh crud is that like moist very messy
and easy yummy
