so we're going to my first kind of like
dress fitting thingy well not really
first technically because the first time
was when I first got the grass but yeah
so like second but first like real life
one so I'm going to go and get measured
up because I need the waist part taken
in of my wedding dress and in the back
there in a freaking bin bag because we
lost the bag thought it came that's it
Marnie yes bonus Marley is running can
you see there you see that little black
dot that's Marley oh God
pointing no go down here we have to try
and lose him like obsessed with us he
seems really like his new parents or
something and like we've stopped letting
him into the house because it just got
too crazy like he was just like yeah oh
my god he is running with all his might
after the sorry but you need to leave
the estate when ELISA and the estate
like after the estate it's like a main
people that stole that house Dexter has
to he's of slicky things for his new
parents album and Xena aren't even here
he's just running I'm no no I feel ready
radford in this - he's running after us
that's his house
the corner one home it's like you had in
the end oh my god that's everybody we
have to stop while the other car apply
and then he's like you know he's like if
we just leave he might not even know
that we left by anyways so as I was
saying I'm wearing a dress to the
fitting because I was told to I read
that it's better to our dress because
just easier to check off also I did
something really stupid well it wasn't
even my fault but like today it's like
not tanning day but like for actual
moisturizer day like I put on the dog
gradual tanning moisturizer stuff
because like I said in yesterday's video
I've started doing it like every four
days and today I watched my hair so I
put it on and now I'm going to freakin
try on my wedding dress like oh but it's
not like a transfer one so like it never
transfers on to my own clothes it's just
that the wedding dress is so white you
know like you don't want any mistakes or
anything but I think it's gonna be okay
like I'll just be really careful and
like put my arms off and everything but
like that was pretty stupid it's just I
didn't really have a choice
like today is
today that I went on the moisturizer and
actually I really like it look my legs a
bit little white on this but they're
actually very sorry they're actually
very like bronzy I'm very happy with
that and yeah so this is the second
application that I've done so far the
last one I did was like boarding school
so so far I really like it but that's
why I'm wearing a dress because it's
just like easier and stuff and also I
usually wear like dresses or like skirts
or something after I put on the dog
stuff because it's like sticky like they
say that they dry quickly but they
really don't like none of them do unless
it's like a mousse or like a gel or
something but usually a hairdryer know
that it's warm more moist like it what
hairdryer wouldn't do anything that
would just make your body sweat wouldn't
dry in the moisture no unique like cold
air you just found that bullies and cold
they're cool nothing hard dry hair dryer
has a cold and a hollow not my cuz when
I get you yep no it only has like a
medium heat and the high heat
plus the cool things are never really
like oh yeah it's not an aircon or like
in a hot day like an unaired ya know you
need like a fan or something you know
blowing like what about a subscriber
that do ya
but yeah so that is where we are heading
right now and you can see my lovely pin
back a bit backwards but like I said it
was so stupid cuz like we had a dress
like a proper plasticky thing but then I
just got lost with the move and
everything and this is kind of all we
could do so it's gonna be so
embarrassing when we show off we're like
hi could you fix this my name's cleaners
I'll pay you with dad rats I scraped
from the motorway as a Cletus does okay
we're going into Paul Street car park Oh
processing please wait do you remember
we get we actually probably should have
gotten together car park because this
mirror I realized that it was on the top
of projects it really needs
don't know well I'm pulling somebody
learn just like me gets the car popping
is it all the time
good enough probably for you
I know there's toilets in like this
shopping center right now but I don't
know
he was as far as insurance probably
because I didn't run him over
yeah sorry bye thank you sir no I think
there's twins in here but there I don't
really like this very much
somebody come well it's okay Republican
toilets is there other ones okay you're
very very very right find it we have a
blog in town in Yong Yong's like I just
got hit by this power thing thingy yes
and II just kept walking like nothing
happened I do not that does not faze me
because I am from California for apart
don't you see the entire like core
canary it's not kind of cool
it's kind of cool price let's get the M
the M tinker's wedding dress a isn't it
a show sorry thank you
look who we just ran into shame the
subscriber not even friends are you have
to kind of like hold address where
they're actually holding the dress
Nicola gently levitated on your hand
I'll be in trouble I'll be in a lot of
trouble alright or at the Opera House
normally we drive by here we are usually
walk by here much walk much he doesn't
see people might renege tripped in a big
muddy puddle right now and then somehow
a lot of chewing gum Colin help me with
Ricky
yeah we do actually know yeah there's
the Opera House guys it's kind of cool
yeah I'm sure that place here like the
Taylor's probably have like a proper
because we're gonna need them for the
flight
cuz I think we should totally maybe
carried it on I think yeah he's just in
case like imagine like the camera and a
dress that's all we need
whoever he goes wrong you know
everything else is like replaceable very
good black bag now high-quality the
window somebody else in town who does
that be his name either under bark we
leave it that long yeah I think
now it's in the hands of the real
workers just make the dress there yes
what just need the dress there just go
yeah sure I'll be fine
work it's out there you happy now
something got darling apparently here in
policies there is a speaker thing that
like beans add some sort of a ring
noises yeah but only young people so
many legs are sitting at your laptop
right now and your ears are bleeding and
your eyes are watering and they're
trying to find out what is this devilish
thing it's it's because we're hearing
policy that's what they do they torture
children here
a video just went live right from
yesterday and I know this is going to
just drive him for a hey I don't really
care it goes it's completely empty and
it doesn't really bother me but it took
me boys anyway
lol Jarvis says don't send her stuff two
seconds later he gives the fuel box
address guys send me stuff if you wanted
to send these up you better send me
stuff okay I make this guy stuff with
you I never suggested I never said don't
send me stuff guys I'm right just give
it all to charity and then two seconds
there said oh by the way I'm up here
back to heaven my mic
administrator I said we've been getting
emails from people who are saying what
do you want and then follow up you
mustn't you know they're getting upset
I'm hurt because we're not responding to
them and telling them what we want
that's what I said okay
don't confuse what I say and try and
cause drama and confusion okay like so
much drama it is and you know what the
Sherman's are getting the same thing and
it's ridiculous like it is Sam and Jay
never asked we don't ask for anything we
make these videos people sending stuff
because they want to yeah
oh and descenders yeah we've assumed
self-filming open into blogs don't even
think about it if it upsets you don't
get involved
we set the peel box up because people
wanted to show I don't know gratitude or
wanted to be involved or whatever reason
and that's fine and that's were the
people that want to do it it's for if
you if you even consider not
participating that don't will be Sam
either or anybody for that fact like
she's our I mean I've never met her in
real life
but I consider her friend like we
consider them our friends and it's just
it's not very nice when I see the crazy
comments and people are just tossing
drama and like you know replying and you
know going back to video like 50 times
to like arguing go back to the video of
50 times okay I'm all for the 50 times
reviews just don't it's unnecessary very
simple if you want to send something
send it go ahead and do it and we really
like obviously I think actually is my
mandate probably show more of that than
be even yeah yeah very cool for
everything
there's over it
so much more like they show everything
just to make the person feel like happy
for what the nice thing that they've
done and that's so nice to them then
people are like oh they're suing us
three so they can't win you actually
can't win on YouTube anyway whatever you
do that's what I always say that's
really never blog comments or spam
comments ran like that because I'm
always like you have the right I believe
that you do have the right and the
anonymity if you want it to say whatever
you want and have that interaction in
the show good or bad what I'm saying is
that if you're twisting words I'm just
letting you know that you know we're
aware of those comments and it's really
unfair that it goes to a form of
bullying and you know some people are
more sensitive and some are not
it's just you have to remember those
it's not real oh I know I keep repeating
myself but it's not like I've never met
a subscriber or a viewer who's been rude
or mean her nasty like I have yet to
meet someone like that and if I ever do
I'll probably be the first to say it
I'll be like hey I really don't think
it's ever gonna happen though I heard
there is a huge difference you know I
made a video before when I talked about
my childhood and I was I was horribly
bullied when I was a kid and I was
taking it at school and I was putting
like a special skill as I know likes to
mock me about what like I don't get it
but like you know I've actually
experienced physical abuse mental abuse
like everything that goes where like a
hard core and I've been treating the
system and a theater side and that's why
I like a lot of stuff doesn't affect me
that's why when people write hate stuff
it doesn't get to me so because nothing
is like what I experience like when I
was younger
come on guys let go fanless Lautner away
the saying Fabian seen or I've seen it
what seems to me like um if Marty had
babies they'd be like your keys more
keys right and we were saying that
there's a hospital in the state as well
and we're like what the husky and Cena
got together they'd be he's so powerful
he was like taller than me I know he's
news lady come on
and he's jumped off and she was
screaming it was so scary
I'm terrified like he was really he was
fine he just wanted to rape her that's
all that's all you know I was saying I
saw his dogs so if you know that they
exist there and you may comment those
and it'll be awesome because I didn't be
totally cool together some of our kids
everybody away from her me like yeah I
know I made a meal feast yo or my
special way of their cooking that oh
yeah people just just doing clarify this
isn't broken or anything like that it's
just that our gas when we moved in here
the gas has turned off
and in Ireland like it just dissolves it
like it takes about three so we are
I can't with our air trusty because
that's who we're waiting in replace
actually city I've managed over our
electricity so now we have our just the
electrics didn't but there's no problem
in electricity and then they have to say
that a key a technician to reactivate
the gas here so it's just like it we
have to wait like a week or two for them
to activate the gas changeover they can
and then we have on so don't even
visiting really though is the hop thing
because that's that's unfortunately Rome
by gas you know does God's but we have
the open end and stuff like that you
know and that's why so I think some
would say like what you get a hot plate
it's like because this isn't a permanent
situation Mon is it you enjoying your
munchy crunchy crunchy bhai mmm
Nina got a chicken burger I got a
chicken burger and a cod steak we just
used to whatever we had because it's
like storming out there I don't want to
go outside so I was like put a chicken
burger with a cart steak a couple of the
veggies bility old chips a bit of chili
tomato sauce I don't have like normal
cat so we've got chili catsup so I'm
having a chili ketchup time
