all righty just finished filming the
episode of don't make something well
yeah yeah yeah format a lot of awesomer
so um check out the video thing you
think you may have already seen you've
seen yesterday we check it out again
instead of to bring like it favourite
Jarrett knowledge theories but it is
time for a bubble a bubble then have
some Danny's each OT crumbly hammer I
mean like this permit is from right
around why why you get your hands in the
air I taught them showing a cartwheel
right some testy we're gonna add some
mild or wild is that wild or mild I
probably fit I'm gonna be mild spinach
mild a little wild spinach don't know
these things really know I had to hunt
and gather we are determined to find the
walkies there's got to be a walkies
around here somewhere walking along this
road and yeah we'll be ready to we may
have disturbance disturbia anyway so
there's a little sort of a lake were
coming down here so we're going to
wander down and see
I'll be pooping I was gonna get poop on
his fifth book or look pedestrian
crossing I had this is exciting this is
exciting
look at this by the seaside well no look
at little island and stuff over there
look we should get a little wrong boat
like them we could have to be us Nina
rolling roars no absolutely nothing you
want to investigate well we found a
little walkway if it leads to the Magic
Garden or something
come on let's go nice fish just like
popped his little head up there a second
ago
lower one I don't think they appreciate
anything anyone appreciate that oh it's
cool look we can get down probably
come on guys
free hugs is that guys seen this
training team there's another one here
so he I know come on guys
- goodbye to your friends bye hey no yes
super scary put well behaved Jojo hey
we're here for show 2 o'clock go to
Tesco here's little Marley Marley but AM
we're going we're going now Marty so
fortunately you have to stay out there
ok because I can't have you in sight or
well gum because Cena's kind of in the
heat process so I don't want any funny
business
hello I am your key so to call him your
keys my keys
a more key
New York just funny well it's not funny
at all very serious topic but I'm the
London rioting is going on I was just
watching a little bit in Sky News there
and they were talking about we used to
live in se a team Dan is supposed over
and Greenwich because it's like you
three Giants so that's a a
d6w
so weird
d6 court doesn't have postcodes yeah
your BOTS 211 keep confused what was our
format one se no success covert what
anyway anyway talking in like American
terms do you think I would say like
isolated Baltimore to on you through
Baltimore to to to or no to want to
everybody in there but leave me a
comment if you have you represented oh
it takes three to like no you don't do
that okay that's your phone number
gotta be representing yo can represent
Danielle I'm just saying everybody want
to anyway distraction
there was actually the area we used to
live in was on the footage now as I
going oh my goodness he's not crazy
though
we still live there like so
opening you guys are affected that's a
manly thing that's disgusting
that's like algae versus Cena like
alby's neck is sheep his head as he look
at his record nurse its mask is Shawn
your head mate let's see I hope any was
not affected by the London riots and
sorry he did it just reminded me of like
I was looking at the places and I
remember those places queasy liver in
there we live there for like a year and
a half you know so I got to know the
area in the background oh girl all our
videos same wire a jog yeah yeah
we have a new game it's called it's
called spot the Marty and it's like ash
you know what I mean three minutes 17
seconds I don't we know this is old like
it's okay Barney we gotta go to Tesco
okay you can come in when we get back
okay let's go part of a let him in for a
second then he'll stay for a year
oh you know else is funny our internet
service Pro bitings he he emailed me
because he was saying that like he has
this thing with YouTube and Google
himself and they monitor traffic and
stuff because he did some deal with him
and he was saying that the youtubes off
like he's saying oh it's funny we made
this sort of bad direct linking but
they're they don't get a lot of uploads
they talk they're going to get a lot
more but their usage is actually quite
low he just sent me an email I have a
screenshot and it was just like is this
you smiley face
I don't threaten is off that is the most
disgusting thing I've ever seen in my
life I don't even know if I should show
them
you know buddy my mother oh my god oh my
god
don't share anything I just stopped like
I feel very uncomfortable in this room
right now
so we had our it was like this was the
graph and then like when we moved in I
was like going it was like just fired up
in the air like tellin everybody like
why don't the sudden are you putting
hundreds of gigs on YouTube it's like
it's me it is kind of cool and retro
like with the winged liner mm-hmm I
could totally do it like it's just not
the clothes you're wearing our like
that's probably what shows it off a bit
but know what the liner and everything
ideal for a tutorial okay so I think my
teeth need to be whiter oh good job
you're getting that done boy we gotta go
test going in because I'm starving to
death
okay I'm starving - that guy's okay are
you eating tissue paper Oh blotting oh
she's bloody she was need a tissue paper
so we're off to tussle again and this
time the fast way list your list I have
a list
are we going to make this early on my
next one I know people don't like guard
tomorrow I know people are gonna be like
you're just lazy
but I suppose me I always I just don't
have a passion for cooking you know what
I mean speaking of people always saying
I just put on the old fast book their
twitters because Rose get messages on
Twitter and Facebook and stuff about the
pita box and like sending wedding gifts
to stuff and you know there's like if
people send us like private message is
about a wedding gift like when we don't
respond to you like don't think like oh
they're so ungrateful and horrible like
we're not gonna grate some harvests just
really like you know they're like oh
yeah they're like what present do you
want I'm not gonna tell you that because
that's like me asking for something and
just I don't think you saw him how
you're gonna keep going yeah you know so
add so like you know the PIO boxes too
and I have in margin it's on the channel
page yeah what is it like 14 Washington
Street or something yeah yeah so like
that's always the same for as long as
we're in Ireland that would be our P o
box it will never change and if it does
change we're not to tell you but you can
take it as hearsay you know our fact or
solid fact as the bail box will never
change so you know if you want to send
us a wedding thing or something like go
right ahead but you know it's just
really awkward to be if you ask this you
know I mean because it's like I don't
know I don't really know what to say
like
how's it to be honest I think it's like
we don't believe there's nothing that we
really need you know and like we don't
really want more sweaty dresses yeah the
wedding process for our to us would be
like subscribe like watch our videos and
that kind of thing like you don't have
to send us anything seriously and like I
don't know sometimes it just gets a bit
awkward because people send us messages
asking us like what to pick something at
or like what we want and like we never
applied those messages like because
first of all we get so many messages
every single day I try my best to keep
up with them but like it's really
difficult and people get offended a lot
if you don't write back to them and it's
just like I think a lot of people also
don't understand that like work we're
under forth I'm under a lot of like
stress and pressure at the moment
because the wedding is coming close and
I have so many people like asking me to
do things that I just don't like on a
regular kind of at a regular time it
would be okay or I probably would reply
to more people but just because this
wedding thing like it's so stressful to
plan a wedding and so much pressure like
if you you can only kind of understand
it's the same with having a baby like
I've never had a baby before so I have
no idea what it's like I think it's one
of those things that if you've done it
yourself that's the only way you could
possibly understand you know like
Jonathan's older sister emails me from
time to time and she always knows
exactly what to say because ya know what
I happen are you having a baby but she
always knows exactly what to say she
knows what to tell me like because she
was recently just married so I think
it's just one of those things that like
you have to go through it to actually
know what it's like but it's so like
there's so many things to think of you
know there's so much other stuff on our
minds right now and like we're really
sorry if we don't reply to each and
every one of you or if we don't tell you
what we want
the truth is that we don't want anything
all we want is for you to keep watching
our videos who enjoy our videos to
comment rate subscribe whatever and
that's it
that's the reason we make videos in the
first place so I don't know but I just
want to worry about if you have
something specific to say like saying on
Twitter or say on Facebook if any of you
people like I'm pretty darn sure I I'm
pretty much apply to most like 98% of
Twitter comments yeah and if you post
something on my Facebook there's a very
good chance if you private message me or
email is a very small chance or with me
like Jonathan doesn't do this but with
me I have my formspring and I answer it
really regularly and that's why you can
really get in content Republic yeah
because most of the time guys the
private messages are usually nasty mean
you know so it's just unfortunate that
you know you just try and keep it up low
that's people not public you know no but
I do answer my forums bring like every
single day I try to get like a couple of
them done I try to keep up with them and
everything like that and like it's
really easy you just make for three
candidates free and then a supporter for
me yeah Jonathan's not so good at that
he's just not as good at what I enjoy
dating advice for kids so yeah ask me
questions on formspring and I'll always
answer unless they're like really
inappropriate or rude or something but
usually they're not like usually again
the questions I get her are genuine so
you have this all right yeah oh I
painted my nails today because I got um
this that was the whole red lip pink lip
thing oh no you didn't see the pink lips
but I got a package sent to me from Aiko
and they sent me nail polish which
actually really like um it's like a nude
polish but it's got like a sheen to it
or like a mr. James old penis cream
no it's really nice it's kind of weird
but anyways so I got that and then I got
this eyeliner that I have on today which
actually has held up be well like I'm
actually pretty impressed with that and
I'm gonna make you cry see how good it
is no his only on top but and then I got
the red and the pink
lip pencil things and are like crayon
things they're really cool so yeah I
thoughts that so thank you I co for
sending me stuff because that was really
nice I parked in a different spot when
you gain right in there and park in a
different spot every time I come here
because I reckon is probably thousand
parking spaces here I was like Knights
of the Republic it's a role-playing game
for the PC and Xbox is that you was that
you when I was on the gameplay channel
Titanian but maybe it was that smooth
discard let's save this automobiles the
wrong with Paragon I were a pet peeve
about pesto here right because Tesco and
Mahon or actually pretty good at this
you walk in the door and right there is
the baskets everything but here you
always have to walk in the door is to
walk like half way then the shop to pick
up a basket oh and then it won't all do
back to the start but just really annoys
me
doesn't it was like you never seem to
have any busty toes available at the
door
kids Pat who's ready to cut Penguins
caramel penguins no it's new
just go ahead number time I don't know
it's Tito's honeycomb mosquitos drawn
Alfred L which is nice try them try
before you buy it eat one
okay boom boom pop pop contain each wave
here happiness you don't actually have
yes the double concentrate
the Robinsons that I get all the time No
oh no I am totally Liam this is
ridiculous that's it we're moving this
is crazy
I can't live in a town it does not have
although this is my Wadi is Jesus
moonwalk
Oh God so everyone's advice about
cooking and stuff is really good thank
you for your wonderful recipes we almost
bought a chicken and then I was looking
at the turkey that was like when we like
matter like a roast and then they were
like two euros and they only take like
10 minutes in the oven and I'm just
gonna go ahead and have a restaurant
Apollo Pizza
