good morning friends good morning
Alessia today friends I'm uploading the
first different type of video on a
Friendly's friends it's still a music
video but this time it's actually an
animation because I want the content if
you like a little bit diverse it's going
to be sometimes going to be animation
sometimes it's going to be me sometimes
it's going to be stop-motion it's going
to be something else but it's always at
the core created from line imagination
imagination
give me the Disney World or Disneyland
and go to that right imaginations no but
uh yes because today is the person where
it's not um a music video one where I'm
actually in it you know so I'm kind of
nervous to see what you guys think of it
there was a teacup named Johnny uh-huh
the whole point of basically friendliest
french analyzed is for me to make videos
that my kids want to watch and that's
how I know during the week when that
wasn't during the development of the
videos when I hear me Lee and Eduardo
walking around or more so Familia kishi
deserve a singer and she's walking her
house singing the songs that I've
created
I'm like that's why I'm doing it me
that's a winner that's the one those
cute when I see them all kind of like
watching them and like loving them and
enjoying her and stuff like that so that
so that is the main reason I'm creating
my own videos for my children to watch
on the youtubes so you'll be able to
watch it soon
it's wardo still quite enjoys watching
Peppa Pig and lately at last year will
actually sit there and watch have a pig
with him she's kind of got to the age
where she likes watching Peppa Pig so
imagine by the time that I she's like
another year older and I have like I
don't know a couple hours were to
content in that channel when it be cool
if she actually watched my videos huh
when every cool wouldn't it today is
Sunday which is pancakes
and if word has already got his
familiars waiting on hers
unless you're upstairs Jonathan here's
your pancakes and our chocolate sauce
not just as well Nutella organically hot
dogs are having their breakfast - coming
Xena that's very rude if they're crying
out making food and they love it
basically in a nutshell I have to feed
them all separately so here's newbies
new media here can you can thank you
Bianca out everything that you are not
allowed in peanut not in spread movies
like are you for real oh my god they all
want the food look how much they love
the food like it's actually only real Oh
will you work it every time let's finish
up this pancake and the award for most
smiley astray be no one's mine you're
not going to smile now well you've just
won the award for sweat head oh you know
you know here it was like a sites work
she's so smiley you know this very
smiley
yeah you're missing this now it's good
it was this is my hello hello oh she's a
lady
you're very smiley smile just didn't I
say your nickname was mothers before and
they say that was a nickname if it's
mothers all right smooth it seemed as
air might how do you feel about address
it how do you feel about the fact that
your sister or your auntie what
- sister your big sister the biggest
sister exam I most are the nose
sectionals have cut your nose nose and I
am even melt how you just do a lot of me
Julie Julie rouille smiles a lot
okie dokie we are off okay we are off on
an adventure bringing a semi but kids
before you go children
come forward I want to show you
something before we go I need to show
you something for one second now next
week we are shooting another music video
okay it involves this contraption here
what what's that what no no no let's go
let's go
alright warm enough nice is a stir there
in the time yeah why here's talking to
laughs and that's year three you
laughing idea
very good big sister media yeah I'm you
- where's she
hey don't smelly grumpy pants all right
just wait now no we're ready to rock and
roll like a rodeo I really like I feel
like the time with this car I think I'll
only be able to keep this car for about
a year and then I'm probably going to
have to get rid of it but it'll be a fun
year hopefully I get a full year in a
bit yeah well let's use like a little
baby it's okay but I still actually get
older and then inevitably we end open
there are 12 more children I'm going to
get something where a trader
okay now with a credit but I'm
definitely had some to the seventh Peter
think it's inevitable three children and
all their stuff what well alessia's baby
and the other two are the way they are
we should be able to make it work for a
little bit longer but I always just
wanted to own an urban SD or so I own an
urban X you are for about a year
probably maybe longer maybe not maybe
not huh why what I mean when you make
enough high you know you're you know
it's a big function sale actually if you
actually opened the baffles right
actually make sure that's yes I'm crying
kind of funny
all right when you're in Erica's and
look at her it's a little couch with no
legs
the no legs couch it's like a little
small couch that when you sit down look
it's really small yeah cool
this is majority furniture she's
actually put into place though is this
much of her no they what oh she did
that's to make sure no one falls through
you know on the you know the scary
stairs make sure no one falls through
you know that's of any improvement what
other improvements have you done Oh art
is the bet about the air beds red blue
yeah they're working
what you die now
injector luckily our sleep
nor again must home here you're gonna
find yourself again
so control back into those ohms
hope your said leads
day
three
so we've come into a pizza place are we
getting to tell you actually come to L
Fats Domino again there are some it's
very wet last time we were here would be
not fun right
we got sunburned we're basically regular
yeah in Orlando because Erica forgot to
point your son p.m. on the man boy get
up what this is a man has never been
come burn because he was born with his
grandfather's complexion oh yeah
kind of worried why I don't think I've
only been under it like crap for
somebody was like oh I'm Irish many a
time regularly
yeah we're DUI over for the Irish women
when you not agree you have dark skin
like the rescued farm are you ye
that she's over here asleep
we're hoping she's stirring for hoping
she's kind of stay asleep the food has
arrived with the sound of music and you
guys got the margarita i doesn't giant
caprese thing with like a giant piece I
think I got the giantess Pisa in the
world got Rockets tomato buffalo dad
thought it was too big there's a folded
over
it wouldn't fit the place no I know it's
a folding pizza this is part of appeal
margaritas Alessi's happen to do blue P
step so we had our pizza was that nice
guys if you like that pizza
I like to meet sizes that the dough was
like Oh
yeah like the I never usually eat all of
the growth when they started coming at
minute thinking all right well I reply
no but sometimes I get like sick of the
crust like they're just like glass
they're like unnecessary calories - no
they really scrape off the toppings just
T just be thorough
yeah honestly yeah how good the problem
I was really enjoying the process
towards very enjoyable run and anyway
pizza was really good I'm stuffed now I
kind of want to go to bed
yeah I've eaten too many carbs that's
what happened
music RM so but we are actually off to
Zoe analyses party but there's no
filming there oh okay are you what do
you had it on the trampoline you means
of the road well basically I think that
my Jovi gathering Vienna see oh yeah you
might get a fright when you go to the
steps to look all right yeah so I think
I mean into our speakers are going to
the old house yeah thank you it is
different
we've actually been over there it's like
10 years ago and it was yea you have
been a very deep emotional anyway looks
as though and we are going to go now but
thank you for watching this video please
give it a thumbs up if you liked it as
we will talk to you tomorrow
anything like I
bye bye say bye
Oh
