right video is rendered it's time to get
back to work in this area here fix it
all up and then have to fix a finish our
little task black packs are a pain is a
holy moly you guys murmur a video eight
years ago before the daily blogs fell
flat pack madness or flat pack my
hammers on that because I was trying to
decipher this help
they are so complicated oh well let me
just try and put some some coffee these
fingers everything is okay just talking
their printers there on your female and
she said am she could probably have that
run she's gotta run ready to go and she
could have it done in three days what so
could be done this week which is awesome
but unfortunately there's a slight delay
because why isn't everybody the same
size I have to work out their sizes and
stuff but everybody's like smalls and
mediums and larges and also to carry on
so I got a I'm gonna go figure that
happens because it's like this person
bought it right and then they may or may
not have sent me an email to tell me
what size than once you didn't have to
go connects the dots scatter them right
right sorry then have it then someone
was like nope sighs no Liam sighs I'm
like congratulations you're not medium
like me games like medium well yeah if I
get to it you can get the t-shirts out
whether we'll be out this week but they
might be shipped to me but Friday
Saturday maybe Monday and then depending
where you live in the world obviously
people in arles will get her first
people in the UK second and kind of
mainland Europe third although I don't
think it goes like one black is France
faster than Germany and then like pole
is further out I don't know and then
like Russia and and like obviously
yeah doodle would be the longest
probably don't notice people in
Australia oh hope people in like Bangkok
in Thailand and so that's very good yeah
while we just through it
anyone in Italy would it be quicker
we're just brought it with me so I just
filmed a makeup trail for like back to
school makeup so if you want to check
that out so easy to and bill from the
style diet actually yesterday for you
guys but I have a ton of stuff to do
today I'm trying to UM I'm just making
my lunch right now but oh so much to do
it's Monday so I want it like clean the
house a little bit like just vacuum and
you know dust and like clean the shower
in the bath like the bathroom and
everything and look at the mess on the
floor there like I don't know if you can
even see that there's like okay it looks
like nothing it looks like I'm a
complete freak freaking out right
nothing but actually there's a ton of
dog food all over the place because we
got that like bigger dog food it's not
bigger but it's just an adult dog food
and I think it's too big for them
because they keep like bringing it onto
the floor and then cracking it and then
it's like crumbs everywhere like it's so
gross the one they had before it was
perfect but forgetting stupid old Tesco
that is near us doesn't stop it so yeah
so anyways have a little bit of a
dilemma here this is my chest of drawers
which I am trying to put together and
Jonathan thinks it would be an amazing
learning experience for me and a good
achievement for me if I were to do it
myself
the problem is that it's really
difficult like if any of you guys have
ever made like look at all these screws
okay how am I supposed to figure out
which screw is which because they don't
name the screws they have little
pictures up the screws now each screw to
me looks the same so why the hell do I
have to try and like figure this out why
can't they just name scrutiny since
Chris all categorized into bags we don't
have numbers on the bags like screw one
screw to screw three and then it would
be so easy but no
has a little picture and you I'm there
like an idiot pulling up a screw and
trying to figure out like does this have
a cruise cost or a other different shape
like who wants to do that with their
time not me is the answer to that
question but I did three drawers as you
probably saw in there three the three
bottom drawers are gone I wanted white
or yeah like white furniture but then I
love white furniture if we had our own
house like I would have more like white
French furniture and furnishings and
stuff but then Johnson made the point it
was like there's nothing white in this
house like none of the furniture is
white it's all kind of like brownish
like light brown you know so we went
ahead and we got the light brown one it
was the same price as the other one and
it's also a little bit bigger so this is
gonna act as my vanity as well so
hopefully I'll be able to make videos
there um yeah I'm just I'm trying to
figure it all in my head like how I want
the bedroom to kind of be set up like if
I film it then it has to be kind of like
facing a window or a not facing window
like at the window otherwise it's gonna
look weird but then I don't know if it
fits on the under the window I'm not
sure so I have to do that today and I
also have to edit my video up because um
this is the makeup for the
back-to-school it's very simple um I did
something like really simple and kind of
like easy and kind of like what I like
so a lot of people might be like oh well
you didn't use any blush or you didn't
use any like I don't know you used too
much bronzer but like I love bronzer so
I can't help myself
oh and um in preparation for my wedding
because I did this video on like my
dad's and prom kind of experience but I
think I might refill Mike's I don't
really like how it turned out but
anyways um that's coming on Friday but
cuz all this week I'm doing like
back-to-school stuff and like just
school related stuff and I was talking
about like my Debs experience and that -
those days I don't live in Ireland debt
just like your prom and I was saying how
you know like I hate fake tan if you go
back to my videos from
ages ago like two three almost three
years ago um you can see that like it
was not funny
that was not funny at all I almost
killed myself right there
you actually saw that because turkey
problem with having a stupid dishwasher
that leaks
well they don't hate this place but I
hate some of the appliances in this
place they suck because there was some
water on the floor and I almost come
with ya these tiles are crazy like if
there's a drop of water on the tiles
that you slip you break your back it's
over they look nice and shiny but
there's downsides to them too but
anyways um how does this thing not oh
yeah
so I hate they can it makes me look
Orange I hate it I think it looks crap
on me so I just in general do not use
fake tan plus I kind of like my natural
skin color but the thing with me is that
I go really dark in the summer and I did
go really dark like a few months or like
yeah months ago when um it was like
super sunny for like days I went really
dark and everyone was like oh you've
been um sunbathing too much or whatever
I'm like literally I went out for like
an hour and I got like super brown and
then it started to fade so I'm just
looking to kind of top off my tan but
not like in the sense that because I'm
never going back to that in a fake tan
like ever ever ever so I was thinking
about my dad's this is all related by
the way I'm not just like going on
attention well I think of my dad's and I
realized that when I was making the
video I was talking about it like what I
did for my tan and stuff and all I did
because I'm naturally like I get really
really dark in somewhere anyway all I
did was I used it was Johnson at the
time that I used well I don't really
recommend that it's a gradual tanning
like moisturizer lotion thingy and I
just used it like every three or no
every four days yeah three to four days
like every time so basically every time
I would wash my hair
because I only wash my hair every like
three or four days I would apply it and
then the other couple of days like I'd
shower like normal and I just use like a
regular moisturizer afterwards so
wouldn't get too dark at all it would
just kind of top up my natural color so
I have it on right now and I really
really like it oh no I'm sorry
I don't have it on right now I didn't
finish my story so I might do it my god
the dog won because apparently the dog
one is better and I really like it that
smell it's gone now because I've
showered but the smell yesterday it was
turning me insane it's like that
biscuity smell but my mom didn't think
it was spot and then Jonathan said it
was nice so he likes me but um I have it
on right now watching everybody
this talk is like a bit too big not too
big for me but like the straps are too
long so I always watch everyone when I'm
wearing this but anyways um yeah I've
done right now I think it's really nice
actually um it's very natural I'm not
going to go any darker than this it's
just for my wedding like to top up so
I'm going to probably like reapply this
in a bit like three days or so and
that's it and then I just continue doing
that I did that for my my depth and I
can show you a picture my knees blocking
the guy in the picture cos he's not
gonna make it on the vlogs
um okay so let me just block that out
but this is the picture this is like my
coloring is that gonna focus I don't
know but this is my coloring at my Deb's
my arm looks really fat in that I'm
sorry it wasn't the most flattering
dress but at the time you can walk to my
video you'll know exactly what I'm
talking about but anyways so um yeah so
I really like that color
whenever I look at pictures I'm like
that looks really nice it doesn't look
orange like at all it looks really
natural so I'm just gonna do that for my
wedding and I need to get my dress
altered like taken in 24 days to the
wedding
and after you make my lunch I did those
three drawers and then um here's where
I'm at I'm not step 6
well like I've been doing this for ages
but I'm on yachts step 6
okay so this is step 6 so now I have to
freakin get these things these and I
have to somehow yeah here's the part
that I hate okay we need to get this
screw n 3.5 by 12 millimeter twelve
pieces like what the hell is that about
now
alright like is it this one here is it
this no I don't think so cuz I just used
them it must be something else
where the hell for drawer slide usage
only Leslie this is intelligent they
actually labeled this they don't label
everything though so I'm guessing that's
what it's for
alright guys we did it all three desks
are our desks what am I saying just
George have been have been done well not
completely done foot step six is done
now on to step 7
see oh we get a new part okay so I'm
gonna go find C Oh heading down to
little island because
I've got I've needed for ages to buy a
lens the lens I have is a prime lens and
it's a 50 millimeter prominence and a
beautiful f-stop and all but it serves
the purpose for what I needed to do at
the time of purchase but for the last
few months I have already been using the
Canon 550d because I only had the 15
mile lens and I knew I needed like an 18
male or 18 250ml like something they
need to be primed you need to have a
zoom I want to have a fast app so I
found in 80 mil with a 2.8 m just which
is pretty good like for an 80 mil lens
like for a reasonably priced M it's
bright noodle which is we're going to go
pick it up now because I was considered
like for the wedding like you know we am
our butcher was didn't really cover
photography and videography so what I'm
going to try and do is that I'm going to
try and set up with all the cameras we
have about four cameras I think Tony we
have your big Sony camera which we got
from the YouTube bonusing like that's
like our sorry canon canon one acts as a
thousand dollar camera like you know who
is $10 because that's how much I was you
got it from America and so that's a
really good camera I can set that up and
then I was like I'll have the vlogging
cameras and then obviously I'm going to
have this now which is the 550 be using
I'll have an 18 millimeter at 2.8 it's
got a zoom on it it can report full
1080p video so people should know no
awareness of lovers so yeah so I'm just
trying to so yeah I'm going to pick this
up now like a super excited I found a
guy Andy but you know if you're looking
for like you know am your eBay buyers
and I really kind of zoomerang and kind
of look and he like I don't know good I
like this thing was like four times the
price in a shop in Court City and I was
almost going to do it and I was like let
me see and I didn't want a second how
long because it could be like you know
problems with the scratch lands or
something right a door door so well for
something but yeah brand-new in-the-box
a cork like full company owners like
eBay Shop company things not like the
personal guy and he was like oh I was
like are you in cork is like almond this
place is a little island I was like well
holy patroling I know little island okay
so I'm gonna head up there now and I'm
going to get to names yeah I know I need
work
righty-o Joe let's check it out so it's
a Sigma 1518 250f 2.40 is this Rizal
what do you guys think it's nice an
instant epoxy what you have to take it
out of the box this is what we call a
traffic review because we're stuck in
traffic oh he's here and it is going
Noah Liam we had a bit of an early and
petroleum but petroleum is doing now it
was one of those prepaid ones but I
didn't know so I took the nozzle out and
stuck it in I was sitting I don't like
nervously and then I read the massive
big yellow sign these pumps are pre
played please pay first I don't read the
fine print
I know it was really fine print verbena
situation we've sat there i put thinking
or like what's the problem
why is there no liam happen in here okay
this is a test run so i'm actually
blogging with in here lens but just to
see what it's actually like and it's a
it's pretty darn awesome it's so amazing
that her why
you can actually kind of vlog with DSLR
gos 550d blocking but it is this is
exactly what I needed for the old wet
ding-ding
Plus um we get actually use this again
but is that wheezing a quality is it
awesome that's a point
vlogging with like a full HD camera but
there is that's what it looks like on
the M the 550 it's quite large actually
quite large just pop it there so uh
let's give you guys let's see what
Anna's up to looks just on stay and all
that in here guys wow this is so cool oh
I'm so proud of you all the chores all
the chores
Amanda stink all right Tina out out just
these two things here yeah come on let's
go you'll only eat everything outside
guys we need a special time so I came
into animals like oh my god she's so
cool e you made this like well done you
know and then and then I picked up this
drawer and the whole thing just fell
apart and this drawer just fell apart at
my hands as well that's a simple
question when I looked at in my talk no
did you screw it all in backwards you
screwed the screws and back well Nina I
didn't fall in love with you for your
carpentry skills okay I don't know but
you because I love you mm-hmm very
giving up now yeah yeah it's over Oh Sam
Sherman this is your fault
indirectly because Nina has to email you
so I'm just gonna go ahead and blame you
so if J can hop on a plane fly over here
and fix this up for me
that would be awesome would be expecting
you what time when that freckle crosses
that bone we love it come on me and my
new camera lens well yeah just in case
you guys actually are on the fast book
and you don't want to add me as a friend
in the face book so I can't like stock
all your pictures and spend my con like
come check out an actual and fan page
thing which is here which I check in
from time to time and this is please
please please give me a Chanel bag I
love you guys I'm obsessed with your
channel actually uh leave a nice little
response and say thank you very much but
no I'm sorry I won't be giving you a
shout out and wait cred we're going the
wrong way rent a roundabout wrong way
round round up I was rolling around
around about all that's it alright I was
so much fun now the breakfast I was
intense you know you never get to drive
the wrong way around roundabout now that
was a moment you guys got to enjoy that
moment save for that moment so we're
gonna get some food
and I'm so sick like frozen food like I
actually just want to know I fresh taken
to make it serve right it's a stupid
thing like that's what I want to eat
like normal since my boy it wasn't a
full electric system like you have in
fact REM we move too much in Jacob
silence that was finding four languages
speeds to plan you could probably make
well you might roast chicken and lamb
and pork or not don't you make like
chicken salad still in the bus yeah of
course you can then how do you add the
sauce and still have it well no you have
to put it into like a baking dish I let
it marinate by cooking it within the
sauce and then to put the potatoes
whether there's something on the rice
under rice although the rice is boiling
oil it's funny Camacho it's like art we
could just get a microwave dinner but
you know my life ways well we have an
oven zone if you do my favorite stuff in
the oven
you know yeah we could actually like
stir fries and stuff like they have them
boys have chicken benefit yeah we have
the casserole dish did a thing where we
split the casserole dish yeah yeah yeah
cuz I really want like a property I just
I don't want anything breaded I don't
want anything from the oven like as in
you know like frozen food or whatever
yeah I don't want any of that but I just
really want like a proper dinner dyndns
you know we should try sometime what
it'd be like tomorrow and the next day
we should totally get a roast chicken we
should do it we should like go all in
and try and roast a chicken we just had
one yesterday
I know but I'm like let's do it you guys
with me give me comments you think we
should do it yeah roasted chicken whoa
what kind of chicken you know what we
should do what and I know that everyone
will agree with me oh because you don't
like both of us work from home now and
stuff well maybe we should do like a
thing where you can see if we can keep
it up like every second night like every
what we cook like for each other like
every other night like one night you
cook on one night I cook and we try and
do stuff like out of like proper night
like not not hard stuff just like you
know Jamie Oliver is 30-minute meals I'm
not gonna say today Monday oh okay
do you make today's well maybe we should
start the challenge when the thing is
fixed
that would be all yeah okay you know we
do kind of have an oven problem yeah
that would be a good job good idea there
will be a funding and then like you know
we don't should be like super strict or
anything to follow it for the rest of
our lives but we could just have that
like for maybe a week or two I come
dynami but just between you and me yeah
and not I'm not having anything fancy
now I'm drunk like Jamie's 30-minute
meals are like they are it didn't go
through everyone because like yeah I
think there's notes things that we don't
eat anymore because you you know like
things are like I I could make a
shepherd's pie like that well you know I
could red meat anymore
yeah but pot was like an excuse I can
make okay those are things I can make
well I just wouldn't only make more like
a stir fry stuff or like pasta like I
would do pasta with meat for you like
there's a sausage heavy glanders
thinking okay you're not stupid
well you are a bit stupid Doakes you
should pull that in front of us for no
reason though
shut up Anna you can't even cry but
anyways you capacity though I do know
how to look left and right we're doing
it look that girl has her PJs on
I know you guys and ask but anyways
don't you think it's a good idea I'm for
it
I made a Burin oh yeah we were up all
night last night
for a reason beyond our control
controlling our imagination we're not
going to talk about it but I swear to
God if it happens again tonight you'll
be beatings yeah check your knees check
the news tomorrow cuz I'll be on it
being in handcuffs being dragged away
and said you don't understand
hey why in the whorehouse is this
fricking macro anyways yeah I know we're
up all night last night because of a
let's just call it a disturbance he
disturbance yeah it was sorry just
kidding you against Marren it's not our
responsibility but we took
responsibility for it in this service
because I'm like that
I take responsibility for things but it
better not happen again because like we
didn't get to sleep until like 4:00 a.m.
yeah and then no Liam and then I'd be
like oh no problem I'll just sleep
resting today watch the video anyways
yes we're really tired and yeah so like
I was saying there's a pasta dish in the
Jamie Oliver cookbook and it's got
sausage in it
