copy Irish summer what this is insane
life oh my goodness
goodness gracious me this is horrible
weather it's getting worse actually
getting worse
oh no Liam and I was waiting a minute
ago Noah no one's coming on look how
pretty are the two animals being seen
her see what we are Noah's Ark one who
did not have Maltese and you guys have
no did Noah's Ark of two thousand years
it wasn't Albion Cena like Adam and Eve
oh my goodness what ass speaking of oh
my goodness check out the hottie
she's so pretty
I like your hair today your hair did so
we're heading down to Atlantic boom yeah
what Moscow take care of one's home
Atlantic style we decided that we were
going to get some boots shells do you
think book or poop I always say like
 cook or do you say poop and cute
you cooktop you of a coupe poop or a
cookbook if you do I do any math don't
worry about it don't worry about it it
could be an Irish thing is it noticing
or is it an English thing no no let me
comedy say coop coop or you become you
say cookbook although if we leave a
comment and say see you okay Bo okay I
won't actually know what you can talk if
you don't you know it's spelled the
exact same so let's say poop poop is one
and cookbook is - okay let's organize
ourselves quite gap early I gotta go
pick up momma's style I at first because
she's having withdrawal symptoms promise
he's like trick she wrote us an email
because everyone got a landline phone
anymore so it was like a telegraph dear
Johnson
the summers been lovely we have missed
you so so we thought we'd come down and
say so you may have noticed a little
counter thing that just came up there to
start that's because I want to start
doing a countdown to the wedding
what I know it's always kind of fun like
about because we know how many days is
now it's like why don't I just put a
little counter down there so every day
you know like count down count down and
we can see it like when we're like 20 19
18 17 16 that'd be fun another fun Co
tank keep us all up to date supposed to
be fun to look back then and well and
see like the countdown timer thing I
don't know I don't know I'm crazy like
that I smudgy a nice my teeth are you
enjoying the weather
oh yeah you get a little smudge there oh
you're a little smudge a little let's go
Oh barb Ellen see when I cannot
pronounce I call this piece javis young
boob a bubble
tomorrow lovely weather again happy
August summer summer summertime gotta
sit back down in line so we're going
John getting greedy West
anyway we're going to Atlantic homecare
we're going to get some pretty
characters first our lending agency was
like oh don't pay any furniture cause
we'll give it to you for free but then
they just didn't follow through another
role just they're a little bit
weird so we're going to go and we're
going to buy some ourselves and I think
we're going to get a chest of drawers
for the bedroom we've nowhere to put any
of our clothes reading now but mine are
taking a homicidal special and then
we're going to get bookshelves for God
and living for and maybe a few other
things to do
but to make the vanity work just for
somebody
you screw at em for the back garden for
this lovely summer weather oh did you
get what you got wonder damn cute for
you to put upon cute hey look and I just
I think what did you notice
aha Thanks very good everywhere everyone
told me I need to close tags there a
million comments like I think you need
clothes pegs but this is exactly what
you're looking for isn't it their bit
cost you 14 to get these things you know
as we partition things which is a
partition these days
what's a partition go for you guys have
those kind of partitioning things this
is kinda nice here
what that's pretty good values hoping
that these things kind of like spring oh
my god thing
I didn't say does it comes it like a
little fun thing is that even tell you
which is it isn't saying oh my god you
guys heard the rain from outside like
twin dream down it's crazy you know over
like a chest I get oh yeah this one
comes with a free air rule hitch
hey that's kind of cool isn't it
I don't like it in black though unless
you get the whole thing's my room to do
that
this is kind of thing we need for the
bachelor one of these sort of just
guilty of things there's so much to get
so much to do take it all take
everything what do you guys think of the
bathroom did you get this little thing
here with all the little drawers in it
right or option B which is these things
here if you like those sort of cute
things right they come in like a twosie
sack what do you guys think
the Cutie to Z thing so bear or yeah the
one here with the thing in it you guys
reckon click on there's a fan of perfect
things for the TV on look it's kind of
good good balance on it oh yeah okay I
think we have everything sorted we have
a bathroom thingy we have a chest of
drawers for the bedroom which i think is
the one over here we're going to get
come along I'm also looking for
something for the TV on but I can't find
it wait a second this one in here we're
going for physic it has like a drawer
and the drawer thing you know that's
nice and then something else but I'm
trying to find the thing to click the TV
on so just too tall because I'm not
looking for an office anymore so don't
need it I just need that you can rest
the TV on
that's pretty good well I also find a
better thing over here rain isn't seen
look actually put
struck on okay guys so if you want to
send us one of these send us one of
those send us one of the homes sends our
wedding this okay and I expect every
some wanted to send me something I
didn't do it now we're gonna pass know
what no he's in the hey that's nice
viscosity makes a nice sound he's a
common all the questions
mmm-hmm guys to cut my chair isn't this
pretty awesome it's really comfortable
it's got a good levels they're nice back
support I'm huh
I think it's pretty good is that that's
not a tree 99 yeah that's awesome in
that chair I get us killed anything look
it's got like two like wonderful
recycling the one for life's rubbish
it's not awesome look it's a little
green thing it oh no no we have a
compost
a push led
yeah which issues
24:29 recycling bin
oh that's just like everyone there I
think and that's that one yeah I think
this is a recycling one here those
interesting one because look there's
your separator you just put two
different bags in but you don't put a
bag in what's like new men yeah cuz then
not recycling we're not gonna make no
tension it's leaking in the store
that she's leaking on me
in the store inside raining Anna look
you know we need our knees for the
garden it's got a little motor things up
but I put it in the choke one of these
bins what let's go stop messing the bad
can you guys are luggages hi guys so
actually it's not uncomfortable like
there's nothing leaning on me so yeah be
easy underway at home I'm not gonna
front o ever I'm not uncomfortable or
anything so I think I'll stay
yeah good time you have to cook dinner
mmm well talked in there can you get out
without actually having to move the
stuff
I got a fatality sorry hey can you
actually do this
no you'd have to go down and under man
there's like loads of room there oh yeah
nicely done baby so far dice I'm not
pretty awesome I think that the cabinet
thing set up with TBL with da music now
I'm just kind of trying to build the
Ziller and cabernet theme to go there
for them nothing I didn't need
everything is not awesome that's all I
can do for now because we're going to
Ole Miss to get some dinner but now what
do you think stink ship shaping up
nicely suit me as done she was building
me a cabinets oh you came
right
would you like to see the most amazing
thing in the entire world this I just
made that yep I thought it was pretty
easy put it in the microwave for five
minutes a lot is even is that sweet
potato inside there carrots
apricots Wow zero knees oh nice touchy
all you pretty much need to do is just
like cut it in half and I'll take my
half oh yeah I don't want any legs
I like the fluffy part I like tennis all
right you like the legs
hmm I'm not a leg more of a breast man
what you prepared you prepared the legs
of the chicken or like the fluffy white
middle chicken
I love the fluffy white middle chicken
which works out well because two of them
want legs and there's only two legs
ooh is there any tippers so like that in
which half is mine what time is it looks
like a clock a mine's broken grab the
cream hey what the heck this is very
quick cream is if another cream in it is
script who cares about data oh my god
well no tomato another tomato has been
born all the goodies Oh babies they have
a ripen Gephart look at that one there
you gonna eat these ones only even now
that's pretty and I it's still a bit
pale loving not so cool we should get
one it even yeah like if they just grow
here what no means
this is a song by Captain Jack Sparrow
knightly I love that I love that song we
just showdown grab the shortages in my
pants but she didn't really like so much
a little traction humour for her but at
the Captain Jack Sparrow it is so
cleansing I would put my mother through
that trauma do I look like somebody that
has some sort of an addiction to neutral
grains 12 24 36 what
talking about toasters toaster strudels
what the hell sauces judo yeah we have a
coaster I know and it looks so good at
Google that felt like you have to make
it it's like I think it's the same run
it says pop-tarts but yeah I don't know
more deals
is it only American thing yeah Google
that ah not ah then you guys have
pop-tarts strudel or toaster strudel
good yeah every day just like the
strawberry ones and stuff really you
want to be known as that kind of a
person a pop-tart huh look who came
running up the road when he heard us
coming hi babies mm-hmm
it's so cute I just gotta kind of looked
over I saw him just like run out of his
garden you know to actually just look
like his head I was like what is what
there he is he comes out every runs up
the road they sure
