Oh major crisis averted
oh my goodness you guys see yesterday
morning on Twitter and Facebook because
all the footage got to leave it
it was crazy time because there's no
like recycling or anything on the actual
ass would you call the SD cards you know
there's a recycling bin so once anything
goes wrong with them it's all over you
know but I I actually had managed to
drag part of the files over so they were
actually on the the cache of the system
for the pole parts of them often and can
I make a video make a note of video but
scary times I must tell you I must tell
you this and I must tell you no more
 waffles rightio just rendering
out yeah first episode of a new sort of
thing that I'm doing it's called wind
fail games I'm putting it on the I joke
this channel because I wanted something
gameplay but we haven't done it so
oversaturated and everyone's planning it
and stuff and I wanted to do something
kind of unique we're doing something
different so I'm gonna start doing I'm
gonna try to do it like twice a week and
see how it goes
it's kind of like I'm just kind of like
reviewing and I kind of parody for
anything away like you know all the kind
of games that you never bought or all
the kind of crap ones you know and
they're like five dollars and six hours
Oh Marty's here I'm hurting he's so
quick and his parents are bad enough him
so I'm gonna like cheetah gets his whoa
and I'm gonna do is them because I had
the Modern Warfare poster stuff you know
I was like what do I just fill the wall
with like with that game posters himself
gonna be kind of cool and then shoot it
this way to just kind of short videos
but I tried to know what this I bought
this game just sparked off steam was
like six dollars and I was like a
role-playing game but like so bad but
you know that's the whole point it's
always kind of funny to do it cuz
everyone else didn't know I'm so cooling
the really cool games I just wanted you
to kind of not so cool games but yeah
that was fun at one time
so just rendering that now I'm gonna pop
it up did you watch it did you like it
blue - love it - joy haters do you not
like me anymore so
apologies but we didn't actually love
like at all today because first we had a
mini freakout because we thought we had
lost all of yesterday's footage that was
scary but then ended up that Jonathan
actually like backed up everything kind
of really well so we got it all back so
we're kind of freaking about that and
then I was really busy with my style and
stuff and Jonathan was busy with his he
uploaded a video on the Jonathan Julie
channel so go check that out
yeah
so weird is really busy and kind of like
didn't vlog so I'm sorry right not but
we're playing right now and we're going
to Tesco's again I would love to be able
to cook something that is not in the
oven I'm getting sick of frozen food now
where we gonna cook that what are we do
I know we can cook this on the oven what
a takeaway
yeah well all we have is an open and a
grill I know and so many books I think
it was time where he was like you two
notes yeah can you roast chicken you can
do roast lamb sergeant roast lamb we
were Tommy I've never cooked any such
things in my entire life okay I'm sure
they're really I'm sure those people are
gonna be like it's easy but I just
I wish one of us was good at cooking
like I wish you were I first met John I
be a cook trained cook I'm an amazing
cook and I thought like wow what a catch
and then like he never cooked anything
except for toasted cheese sandwiches I
was like he was lying all along I wasn't
mean yeah I just I'm just not into it
like at all like that into you but
tomorrow we're having roast chicken
actually in my mom says I think she
bought one so yeah like a roast chicken
we're watching come down and major see
all the stuff they make oh that's the
worst one to watch if you're hungry
the Irish window golly yeah I think all
the way like the guy that one know is
like he like grew his own stuff and I
killed his own Pig and like did
everything like total homemade homemade
boys and he shot the pheasant he shot
the pheasant for the starter yeah yeah
and the peasant no I it was kind of
horrible she was you could tell like it
was good food I don't know I would never
like different I suppose you know he's
like I said he was like oh I married
these two pieces yeah but they're not
domesticated doesn't matter I know what
to do it I would never be able to do
that my aunt used to do that like like
yeah well my aunt has chickens but she
only uses them for their eggs she uses
them for their eggs for their babies
babies but then that's it like she's
actually she's vegetarian so she
wouldn't cook them anyway but yeah yeah
so we're gonna go to Tesco right now
don't be such a wise guy it was guy you
want a hot towel I never had a hot
towel she'd be kind of wiseguys reminds
me of jerseylicious
they're opening up a barber shop now
opening my eyes
speaking of wise company just started a
video us this morning Jack Sparrow Jack
what was it cause it's so funny did you
ever see The Lonely Island guys yeah
yeah oh my god they're so funny like the
jizz in my pants one is like the
funniest everyone is Michael has Michael
Bolton
just like YouTube like YouTube search
the Lonely Island Michael Bolton oh my
god Leah I was watching the Pirates of
the Caribbean like I just I'm so
obsessed I watched like the whole three
um you know so you had song they're like
so what we in the club and I'm hanging
around you know they're cut to him he's
like this is a song about Jack Sparrow
okay your board behind began I love
those guys though like seriously the
jizz in my pants I must have watched
like a million times a million times and
like I I cry laughing every single time
it's so funny on my check out the main
guy I'm gonna check out my Tuesday
degrade yeah just faded gray what do you
mean videoing you lost that's the head
of humor like my mom doesn't think it's
funny at all
nice because I showed it to her and
she's like I think I showed her just
like we shouldn't like it what is this
jizz what's this about
but then she saw bridesmaids with me and
she laughed out all the same parts that
I laughed out so you know
I got one thing to say what what we're
waiting for the woman taking what that
was one thing I like turned out it was
like onomatopoeia not like a sound I
mean something let's go there is always
a random step in Tesco's leading nowhere
there's always a random step here oh my
god what someone was really thirsty they
decided to drink all the milk they
couldn't wait Lily went home and
actually went to try and open the second
one work is too much for them they're
like I can't wait one banana two banana
three banana more oh hey where's all
this stuff is missing listen are you
going missing mr. numbers and
Oh bananas here where are the bananas
excuse me you can't choke me
you can't juggle look at this
maybe from babies mothers I only like a
baby to Marco's I don't like the
teenager tomatoes juicy Irish honey
yeah maybe look what we did this time
right no messing about right
just the spinach spinach leaves although
I like to rocket - but that is the green
stuff
was that a cheap you won though
but still tasty that state that space
that space so great I really like to
taste it in slow motion Oh super slow
motion hey if you're gonna think oh I
know you dropped it wrong maybe have to
take it up put it down faster
we broke it
whoa get the new toys here
you must give that a spin sometime yeah
we've lost hello kitty but we've gained
Thomas the Tank Engine you want to try
another the stairs to the Attic
well that there's your horror Pilates 15
minutes
to John holitzer
what's better than actual subway
homemade so Wade that's why oh yeah
let's get a close-up let's get it close
up here
macro on look at that monster
look at that monstrosity was actually
quite small it's not a footlong or
anything not like gonna stick in a
spinach and then I got some I got some
special items in there on the go zo and
we're going to have ourselves a treat a
queen of enormity first thing to do is
layer them with Spanish spinny Spanos
spinny spine Oh Joe which is nice like
bed I'm gonna lay you down and a bed of
spinach in the sort of more countryside
is using a telescope because the sky
outside here is so dark because there's
no kind of like urban light you know
look at that that's the moon not crazy I
don't know if yeah I will show you but
no no darkness but I'm it's amazing it's
amazing that here right because you can
see so far up into the actual sky won't
go far guys come on come on we're going
in but it's amazing like you know it's
absolutely brilliant like when we were
in EM we're in London it was really
difficult to use this house though
because you're trying to like
the sort of city illumines and then
we're in Cork City you know he's a lot
easier but it's still quite difficult
you know and now being out here like
it's that it's so much easier it's like
like there's nothing there's nothing
around like there's no there's no light
to block it you know obviously is a
couple of clouds but um pretty much no
light and it's amazing like like you
don't you just see what to make it on
you can see constellations and its
really good so hopefully we get a nice
warm night get a plastic coffee sit out
my deck chair and just I look into the
sky for night I'll be such a cool time
you guys into M into telescoping and
physics in the world and universe and
all those glorious things let's see how
my subway is going inside a toaster bit
so let me just put this stuff back in
now back in the beans down in the beans
one catsup
hmm get on now you shall slice these up
like sissy slices is what we said I have
now little bit of cancer very chilly
plain old Joe 50% free love it enjoy my
30% oh I'm actually working in the
freeness cuz a 50% of its free we're
talking about 25% or about a 15% left
this is all free this is like free
catsup check it out hmm I'm really gonna
fold it over and chop it in half and
then we're gonna watch some Torchwood
Captain Jack Sparrow it's not Captain
Jack Sparrow I'm just thinking like a
song it is Captain Jack he is Captain
Jack well hello guys now we got them a
new food but it would appear as a train
here leading somewhere but look what's
at the end of the trail
hey guilty doggy mmm come on guys let's
go like some Torchwood
