so the bookshelf fell down
Oh nuts occult must go fix the bookshelf
for the Shelf e-book foodie better go
down to the dentist do today but it's no
big deal cuz it's not for like a big
thing it's just you just wants to and
she said like let's go like wait a week
with it because it's the permanent crown
now and she's like let's just go back
for like five minutes and just make sure
it's satting well or something like that
and I'm like what else Brava
so no problemo just got the video up and
it went up in like 10 minutes I was like
holy 10 minute video uploads it's too
much I tell you it's too fast making
some oh don't worry I'm versatile
alright the oven here it's no fuss of it
doesn't make it big it's just like I
think waiting no right now be another
you like it okay I like it dad huh
but there you guys like it do you know
yet who are you who are you go how are
you rollin rollin rollin now the wheels
are roll
Rohan rohi gonna a dentist yo are like a
mixer murder a murder of the mixin store
whoa hello striptease goin on in the car
check out our sexy eyes use that look
boy you better look look at what I
haven't uploaded it yet oh it's a it's a
show she we can't say say no more go
check out story boy yeah boy yeah get
your spoiler on in Nagoya
gotta people say they like my Australian
accent yeah mr. hollien castle 4x and
intramural castle for X you know that
it's the girls like sure when you would
cast the 4x nor is like to Australian
guys at the bus don't walk about in the
bus and it was like some girls I'm some
Sheila since Sheila we do it with some
crock and rock Oh Sheila getting care
supports oh goodness
are they really all that I'm in or the
man I knew hello wopo Gordon's dog
Mohammed is the waffle that's it folks I
am finished with the dentist do know
what what yeah what what that's I always
feel like you know you're right a lot
right all right
oh really oh really when you get really
good teeth cookie pigs we are now in
BOGO la and you guys live in tokens
check out boys his road calls it's a
road same road
yeah the road to San Road did you see
what they've done to it seriously I'm
driving right now normally in road
Centro's like oh hey I'm just driving at
around 10 Road
what Oh it'll be smooth Road the car in
front and behind is I'm sure it bang
surgery my I love tree to do bang wagons
like he's trying to fit the car in but
yeah it's like that it's so Rocky and
now it's like cruising 'some all the
need now to do is get an exit off the
motorway into Douglas saving again and
exiting get off the motorway and passage
almost okay you don't but you don't know
it down dog away from corporate look at
Oh right there outside the road Sam
Parker Keller smooth as a baby's
buttocks
I like a baby's bum to be smooth with my
thumb to my rub Mitama the baby boom I
think it's smooth what's that police are
calling cuz I can't touch the baby's bum
oh my god that's the truck that was and
was empty
we started truck oh my god driving in a
motorway right oh I can't believe I
didn't record it didn't even see it I
saw it happening I was looking at the
insulation anyways hey or it was like
that fluffy stuff fiberglass and he was
red far yellow fiberglass rap blues like
bales of it right and he started paper
stuff Camaros like oh man I looked ahead
of trucking so I was probably out truck
leaking so I was on the driving I was in
the passing lane and all of a sudden one
of the bales bounced out of the truck
bounced like like right there I was like
bong bong and I was looking going like
is this actually happening motorway 120
kilometers everyone's doing this thing
is bouncing anywhere at all the cars
like skidding jamming on beside me like
obviously I wasn't always
it happened at me so we were we were
beyond it we just like you know we're
perfect in 120 so we're right past the
president oh my katana rearview mirror
all the smoke battling for everyone
jamming on the brakes like in us are
going oh my goodness like that is insane
like I'm the truck didn't stop for ages
I was looking a truck or like hello I
think he may have just killed somebody
did you imagine we were behind him at
that exact moment and it just like
bounced onto the car can over meet up
with see for a second like
who are taking care of the dogs this is
Anna's favorite song in the world and
we're in a shoe shop yep always end up
the shoe shop what we do
always be prepared men should always be
prepared if shopping with a woman you
going to end up in a shoe shop but this
is how you become jerseylicious get
yourself a pair of em Olivia Whoopi will
be wearing them I should write in for
the wedding
Oh give me a little bit of extra hail
this is what I need
look it comes with some free sort of
tissue or something Wow like really
towering over me I feel like you like
something from Lord of the Rings maybe
like a little Hobbit which one do you
prefer more
these ones here oh yeah they're special
okay tomatoes like the exact same thing
but apparently something's different
there oh that's the different one
what do you think guys this one or this
one we'll call that a and we'll call
that B Oh me personally I think B I
think I'd prefer B yeah besides the
color they don't looks kind of more
plasticky or something I got it this
it's what we need on the bed we need to
take off all their little cushions that
you put there and we need to replace
them with little robots there's me so
cool I blow up your hair pop you want
sleep ready
let it come here okay what about cars on
the fun survive it more oh my god
and to hope feel that you feel weird
feel that weird okay count myself and
control yourself goodness like you're on
public and she starts drooling
everywhere you're drooling over me hey
they're kind of cool
divine darling oh there's nothing in
them nice and then people huh boy did
you want an empty box what kind of
things what's your will get my next one
and then everything that's yours is mine
and everything that's mine is mine isn't
that how it works I know where the pin
stop look check it out it's diamond
studded look at this and I really like
just to give this letter one in here but
there's no price tag on it
this is some Javid diamond chairs out of
a tube chair she doesn't specify which
one it is whose an owner like
until you get like normal people what
you already got
I like this one because do you get to
keep the pictures that's me does you
really couldn't a picture what is this
well there's us again I found it though
what I'm looking for is a chair just to
that so I can sit in my room in good
luck everything comes with an umbrella
the folds away hey that's kind of cool
so for shoes inside like the theater
that we need is such a wooden one cube
if it's not a saint you to get the cube
thing see I don't hang up any of my
clothes all I do is put them in the pile
no but I kind of well someone the magic
folding here he comes
sometimes and magically falls my clothes
well that's nice if he had a manner but
we don't have a manner and we had
Charles Butler and Charles would come
and clean it and dusted want one how
much is this thing that's 300 mean 300
yo-yos
what is it
stick a stick in it doesn't smell like
the Eiffel Tower was it smart Weissach a
night for paran√° is it authentic French
does it smell like a French person if
you're French and we bought that what
our house smell like you hide the
drawings but you know are you buying it
for the drawings are you Oh No you want
to live like Paul whoa that is a large
mirror yeah it is a big fires written
everywhere to French people that must be
so weird cork yeah mind you might just
get a cork or Evelyn oh how can a Tsar
you yeah
what incident other countries see people
you know when you say like I'm making a
critic improve on the unities of uncle
or people like I'm making like Italian
sweetheart I'm making spaghetti I'm not
moving people like I make a goblin cut
off yeah killing they kind of urban you
kill me fly she lets me tell you like I
was like at a charity started a gift for
my office but it's like an outdoor deck
chair but we already have one of these
with their soul comfy it's not in such a
good idea
it seems to replace the rocking chair
well it's like
so as other thing give another being
corrupted this time nothing can
obviously replace the rockatuer I'll get
to New York in Canada but we learn try
and fill that hole with this garden
furniture I found for insight and I
think I'm crazy my garden furniture for
insight I'm glad she's gay right
what am I doing with this no probably
not no she's got my chair
I don't need clothes can you move heads
you always have to be careful not to all
of autopilot home because I like this
here this would be our turn this would
be our turnoff to going home like boy
that we're not going we're not what our
hands you know there yet
we're checking it alone we're checking
it a few weeks I said there's no one
there now there's probably some guys
sitting in our non Lord sitting in the
window counting our money he owes us 100
euros
Oh your walkies over there we need to
find a new walkies yeah we need to go
ahead like I know to have a garden all I
can I don't a walk I know
the moving everything in the other
garden is very like they're really happy
because they can get a full look that's
only runner head insect lets you get
excited I think yeah well you know what
we've never we've only ever like you
know it's kind of left of us we've never
checked out the right of us so maybe
maybe later on over the time I will
check out the right we gotta find almost
feel like a walk or something right
there I know the beach is only like it's
pretty close you know but you have to
drive United right for someone really
close you know but we'll chickens and
loads and loads eject them subjectively
whoa
you see that's pretty cool man imagine
like you were sitting around doing that
right and then we went into a tunnel
that would just be frickin weird Tunnel
have you got tunnel vision you have no
reception there tell them why don't we
listen to some tunes
let's get some shoes I think static by
the van static
whoa whoa with the sound of my fight my
pride that's what the prevalence a let
me melt
so Jonathan was really nice and he
booked me in for teeth whitening session
and his dentist
and he knew that I really wanted it but
the one that I'm getting done is like
the most expensive one like I'm not
getting like the quick quickie no.1 or
like you know the
Whitestrips or anything like that it's
my
the trades that you getting it's like
two weeks so yeah he got that for me and
it was kind of like a present so that
was really nice ago and everybody
excited so I go for my first appointment
tomorrow and I think that what I'm gonna
do is because the people that are really
nice like I'm not getting it for free
like we're paying for it but regardless
of that I think I might do like a video
kind of like review of the whole session
and to put like all the pricing
information and like how long it takes
and I might like film like little clips
every single day for the two weeks and
then like put it all together until you
guys like before and after pictures and
all that kind of thing
because I get what both of us and
started and not anymore but both of us
always get a lot of grief over teeth
like on YouTube not in real life
and
for him it was always the one that he
just got removed and like changed and
whatever but
I don't know I think it's really mean
when people like leave nasty comments
about people's teeth because sometimes
it's like not your fault or well most of
the time it's not your fault like what
Jonathan just got done and like he got a
lot of work done but what he got done
was yeah I wasn't his fault they were
broken when he was a child and then it
was messed up by like some training a
dentist person and it's really expensive
like what he just got done and then with
me people always like I never had any
like palms where my teeth any
insecurities my teeth anything like that
people always be comment about like my
bottom teeth not being straight and I'm
like who cares about your properties
like seriously I actually like what
people have like imperfect T's when
they're not like completely straight so
I like it's not like free you know like
I don't know crazy different colors or
anything but then people have like
crooked teeth I think that's kind of
cool like I've always been like
I don't know I kind of like when people
have different shapes to the eye teeth
or whatever so I never mind like I've
never minded the fact that my teeth are
completely straight my
upper
poverty
but top ones are yeah I don't know the
top ones anyway are like fine they're
not like completely straight but like
they're not used to be there and I
actually really like the shape of them
and then the bottom ones I really don't
care of it I fixed wash machine guys I
got it working because it was it was
like that right and it's what weird
turning this thing on and off and
nothing would turn on and I was like woo
and then I just went don't you just
twist the thing just came on oh goodness
you know what I kind of enough to
comment but someone has to comment they
said all my stuff my husband he took us
three days to figure I had to get ours
on whoever wasn't at that comment that's
what kind of inspired me to twist the
thing you know he said teen she said it
was something similar like that but yeah
all right we got a washing machine the
washing machine is no longer no Liam the
washing machine is good Liam planned
right because I don't want to know what
I mean these buttons mean but I'm sure
that means wool that means like dirty
wash and that means like iron or
something but they're all flashing here
spin six spin selection chief oh
goodness I don't know but what I'm gonna
do is that I'm just gonna cuz we can't
with a concept of that why don't we just
wash stuff that's not like too important
just in case it all goes wrong and then
we obviously realize that all of my
clothes aren't important and all of
Anna's clothes are very important and
then right what exactly accents and
Stanley you add a thanks okay loads of
clothes being put in put all the clothes
in I also put one of these little
magical balls T's so I don't put too
much in just in case it all goes wrong
like Athena she's so cute
um literally said it actually to
whatever the factory setting is so
that's two turning
I think okay one two three
a little p3 as four five any of this
means no I know that
all right takes that one away that takes
that one away that adds a little Sun and
that just turns it off things are
getting back I don't know let's go for
nine okay we're just gonna go ahead and
put it on nine start Oh something's
happening
oh wait a second
program thing is here nine is a 30
degree cold wash oh no crap like wool
and wash for you
yeah yeah very delicate
and that's wrong guys I think I've done
it wrong I think eight nine and ten are
cold look three four I didn't even put
it on five actually yeah I think I
needed that she put it on five I
probably should have looked at that
first okay stop
oh okay now let me change this back to
five please because five is dirty five
says sixty degrees 60 degrees all right
isn't that yeah should be all right
it's a 60 degree wash do it take me
there
let's hope for the best so we just
decided to walk around the area and we
came across this area just like building
a place just hilarious all the doors are
open that's just someone or even have
doors on them so you can like just
stroll into any of them like or take a
digger for a drive
there's not even a road here what
imagine like so God like clean your
windows all right let's see this works
has everyone here hi Marnie hi Marley
the confusion in the Commons as to where
you have come from and who you are
without me there's the door
okay that's Eva's work guys what oh it's
the offense I'm gonna use to just a line
outside there's Washington outside
alrighty so everything is gone to zero
that's not good everything seems to be
the right colors do pass okay this seems
good
shame lightly good seems okay anything
else give it another spin at the end all
right let's go on them let's go hang
these up outside in a washing line look
at this little device I think does it
spin around or something just to like
turn it on there how's it spin or is it
spin by air this little button
oh god it's full of ups what do you guys
think I think this is I like looks big
cloudy doesn't nice you're not one over
there and this is work if it's gonna
rain like I'm gonna take it all back off
again
does it work at night time or didn't
like have to be in the day and there we
have my first damn washing line laundry
experience done very good let's hope it
does not rain okay I put the clothes on
the line I'm like a laundry man mm-hmm
now the Captur a dog we'll take this one
Souls capture the dog mm-hmm
tonight I present to you doggie
I can see all the commenters now holy
crap holy guys we are down to the line
look at this well it's probably too far
away seven minutes left
seven minutes actually no no no second i
refresh it six minutes and 19 seconds
six minutes and 19 seconds six minutes
and 19 seconds Annette solo over six
minutes to go you know in an echo echo
pakka makka pakka
whoa wizards next in a minute fresh it
Oh Theresa Oh where we got 68 sold
awesome
17 seconds oh my goodness one minute
left and you spent a minute
holy crapoly one mini toes left my time
you click on our link that's probably
all I got but 40 seconds what's gonna
happen when it hits like 0 42 for just
keep professional or gonna be good I
like a countdown thing in said 37 my
Google loss my goodness
30 26 oh my goodness oh my goodness
19 Oh refresh 10 seconds oh bloody we
first thing six seconds 5 4 3 2 1 what
happens here now sorted 68 sold we saw
68 you guys t-shirts whoa yeah 68 oh my
god no way no freaking way Zio's who
bought the last one who are you who are
you oooh
Mikey : Shanna banana tree Charlotte
Russe Tom so this is all I know it she's
from the UK well congratulations
you bought the last ever you guys
t-shirt what right better send them out
so
