new house
kicking coming here first time house key
it always takes a couple of sleeps in
order to adjust you know because it's a
lot quieter at here than it was in the
city so you know it takes a while for
you you know you're kind of hard to
sleep you know because you don't hear
the noises and it's different sounds
it's just me what's going on because
it'll make shift long till they build a
fence I made what's going on guys huh
it's raining though we'll get back
inside
come on it's Katarina my kids mm-hmm
it's like the house came with a free dog
thank you
he's so cute that I you just came out
this morning right and I'll be the
stand-in here you know and it's my
little version of my makes you offense
it for the moment and I'll be just are
wagging his tail and I just looked at
and Marty was just time there's like
morning my love how are you lovely lying
ah let's just take a moment to enjoy the
landscape we have before us I know he's
like he's already no tail host someone
left me a message right on Facebook and
she said that M she was driving or
wasn't her husband she's driving her
husband so and he said get packed when
she didn't get the petrol America kick
ass yeah yeah yeah thank you my dad used
to say guys guys yet so yeah they're
driving and he's like oh I'm at a gas
whatever what you would say in America
and then she was like petroleum is no
Liam like and then I think she can
explain to this oh well you know we're
at petrol so I just thought I'd tell you
that like petroleum is no Leo I think he
started laughing and run probably like
what the hell are you talking about
they're hilarious
have you ever used any of my phrases you
should give me full credit TM right
it's have a hunger ones they say oh hey
Marty you on Anna's laptop are you
anyway
you know I'm gonna do I'm going whoo
because last in in the new house because
I stood in the new house biggest
accident in the new house Hey in the new
house
right must take that I don't even know
where Vega sensor is these days what's
the knife no I think I'm just gonna have
to connect them so we can't figure out
guys actually never talk to ask you
amazing people that know everything okay
washing machine washing machines live
longer wit Calgon wash machine where the
frak this is a washing machine turn on
just start pause play go-stop reboot
right but there's no plug C normally
right we've got the wishy-washy but in a
way she wants you you see that back
there you've got like a plug thing for
it but in this one like there's just no
plug thing and anywhere actually turn on
ya washing machine no I'm gonna tease
them these switches that does absolutely
nothing think it's a thing a magical
button and you guys know it means the
commandos cuz those socks cuz we've got
no clothes right there clothes we didn't
we didn't expect to come across this
kind of a problem either then out of the
bottom button are you eating you didn't
a food Martin that's right right got my
bagel on the go do you guys like see
when we always get the past again I
always pick out all the green rows I
never really liked the sort of whiny
colored ones like tell me why I just
don't like them look peppery rocket
would mix baby Leafs but peppery I don't
know how it's peppery but yeah I always
pick out it always like the green ones
only you guys don't want what that's got
okay you don't want what that's got okay
guys guys unfriend it's like my brothers
and daughter has like a best friend and
whenever she's around like the best
friend is like always there it's almost
like he's got two girls and a boy
you know boom party is like some driving
extension now where's your extension
huh what you guys go huh I watch team
mom for the first time last night I may
always sometimes make I don't watch like
entourage or top tier or something so as
I go go on
spin it there but em but God's point of
view I think fire is probably the
hottest more like on my point be anyway
she's like hottie you know and then
probably second to her is the red haired
one that's him hey Maisie Maisie gray
yeah she's kinda hot and then get her to
go kind of just like on par but I'm yeah
I think fire is the hottest she just
sees I don't know it's my joke ever
don't watch it notice that your head
does this a lot it's like the whole way
true it's like yeah I mean I think I'm
gonna spit on the baby oh that's good
for water is like oh good oh no no you
guys dude you actually code each other
like I'm like a baby who's nice like I
probably do is validate what nope so
Erica broke her phone as she does
and everything wants a white you've any
idea what this bone is it's an Eriksen
something is it Sony Ericsson x8 or
something but they come in like white
and black an Android phone but anyway so
she wants a white one and there's no
white ones in court City but then they
happen to say like oh there's actually
one white one at what we live and your
mom I'm someone that lives out there so
we're gonna go down to the a Kaiser come
on kids give them up come on let's go
do you solemnly swear to mine the house
the whole house and nothing but the
house wait oh then you may take the
treat good my house guys
let's go is this summer I heard you I
heard a rumor that summer was upon us
but yet as I look yonder I don't see
summer no I don't see somewhere either
where are you something somewhere has
left someone was here for like two days
maybe the two days or three days that we
went to the beach day were that was a
nice summer that was it that was
somewhere somewhere is over now it's all
done now yeah oh yeah well according to
Irish people or Irish schoolteachers
anyway August is actually autumn Joanne
actually saw you today on Twitter
someone was actually saying that I
thought it was somebody I follow or
somebody retweeted someone that said
it's like they were in school and
they're like it's so unfair and halfway
to your summer holidays you have to go
and get your school uniform like imagine
like you think this makes it easier yeah
seriously though we had the worst what
month was it that was really nice crazy
night
and then she's been without the rest
like I do hope though we get there the
winter we had last year
oh yeah fingers crossed like that was so
much fun like it was so much snow you
never get that but then to offset that
with a nice so moving on yeah are we
just being Moni
while it was good yesterday was there
yeah I was okay but and then today I
think we should probably cook dinner
because we haven't actually even at home
like cook dinner in like a century yeah
we have a greater than others yeah we
have an often many pots are in we can
have like oven cooked we knows but
that's pretty much it what can cook in
an oven if you had an oven and only an
oven and you might test out your
disposal
what would you get guys when we're more
vlogging around the area right obviously
we've just moved here and you know
obviously I don't want everyone to know
where we live because you know the two
dogs and Anna and so when you want you
want a certain level of privacy for
yourself like but if you do recognize
some of the areas that we're in because
obviously you know loads people in Cork
watch the show and take it obviously if
someone could look at the window now and
be like oh my god I know what it is
don't leave a comment or a Facebook or a
Twitter and say oh my god you guys live
in flat or at this number we saw that
you guys live here because that kind of
tells everyone else if you do know and
you know obviously people in this town
have the right to know you know that we
watch this notice on my eyes that's cool
you can even say like oh yeah that's
kind of like but you know enjoy the
moment to yourself are the same tourism
yeah I live in the same town as you if
you figure out ever figure out where we
live that's where we're going you can
just say like oh yeah I never the same
cash
otherwise I'll have to vlog without
showing the town and that's just gonna
make lights and pop it's gonna be really
really difficult then to actually like
vlog anything and not show anything you
know and I'd like to be able to freely
sort of vlog around as I walk around and
suffer I don't want to feel like but I
have to be aware of my security or
something you know it's like you know I
know people in quirky that are like and
I'm not worried at all about safety so
it's just it's just when you're in it
it's just the other day and you know I
left the rage directors in the video for
a second and instead of someone just
came like all your edges like they put
the time of the video of the number of
when the writers in it but you like all
the attention and
thumbs up and then all you've gone there
is that you've highlighted something and
it's like just just don't do that like
please please which phone is it the 8x8
it's on pink and white well it's just
pure white oh this is gray and white
like a gradient unless this is pink and
white does this thing is that let's
think she has wrong that's the one said
isn't it
yeah sorry suppose you'd meet her I
probably got her number though you don't
have to put a number on her there's only
you can get it sim free look that's a
nice phone hey wait a second yeah so
you're thinking for a second that is he
stands of a two-bit girl for a phone so
we just got Erica's phone and they
didn't have it in she wanted it in white
and pink but they only have it in white
with like you can get like a white and
kind of turquoise silver maybe we can
get those bears yeah she said you online
but this is the one she got it's the
Xperia x8 by Sony Ericsson Android it's
an Android phone
kind of cute but let me know if you have
this phone or take it pick it up she'll
never know it's not like we're videoing
- holding and uploading into an online
website play it's no
it's cute I think I mean and then you
get like a little cover with it but I
don't know how to take that out so yeah
so let me know if you have that phone if
you recommend it good
I know she had like an Android one
before but I think that blame painting
yeah bang sounds on pain yeah so now
we're at Tesco again because last time
we didn't bring any well we brought like
a little bit of cash because we didn't
really think we're gonna find of it now
now we're coming back we've got we've
got hearts credit and ovens when I get a
whole new league also there's a gym over
there I might think about joining for
the next year but actually never
actually joined but I'll always say it
every time when you come here I'll be
like I should join that gym every time I
how long do I have to I can't get over a
hump hmm I always end up in the makeup
section of some sort of a shop oh gosh
what's that oh gosh - golly gosh golly
darn it
yeah yeah you want to check it out you
know oh it's cheaper too
I love signs like that but then you have
to buy - oh she was like tree for none
tree for nothing if you like the best
deal ever when that yeah look I actually
found the nails that Sam did on her
finger why don't they didn't work today
hers didn't crack oh yeah we looked at
dr look the crackling nail thingies but
she tried them but i'm sam some wasn't
good enough she couldn't do it could
crack on nails
hey what hope that what hope is the
world doc if Sam sherman cannot even
cracker all nails bring it what are you
getting everything is 33% off is that it
turns you home any woman six euros yeah
I like that I like that okay
wedding still on no I don't think he
knows it's all right got my chicken in
my chicky chicky chicky chicky burger
take it cheeky bugger look what I am I'm
a spell that brought us just some
lemonade thingy not sure what it is some
sort of lemonade it's not alcoholic
dough pure sugar and you guys know what
this is let's take the lip rough look
what else we got here these things as
well
gubarev Virginia or some I don't know
some crap on her watch it oh so I made
my chicken burger house ever here
subscribed above my putting my chicken
burger on a bed of green things and I've
picked out all the green cards again
because that's what I do I'm taking them
adding some some of these you guys ever
have one of these
I'm curious but I think you should have
my Chewbacca
it's like our housewarming party morning
know that the life that I have created
rocket chicken burger sauce chicken
burger ciabatta that's amazing to be on
come dining me on Winston's a reward for
that kind of culinary delight special
moment time guys these are the kind of
moments that make life great we
disordered our first pizza to the new
house who's with me
oh this put me pump your screen smack
your screen like I also kind of put away
some stuff because I'm still waiting for
the furniture to arrive but luck there's
so much more room in here now isn't it
because I moved all the stuff throw the
stuff and Z are we excited excited
excited oh my god Nina be excited oh we
got candles and everything when a guy
comes by and you like sit down wait
here's the pen you got a pen so we can
get his autograph right oh my god I sit
down we got something we actually got a
card new home we're gonna give him this
this is a special card for him when I go
my dog this is a very big moment for us
okay also an orders the most disgusting
topping on pizza you've ever seen in
your life Lee hood okay she puts
blackout black olives and don't over the
black hose it smells like rat poop
what's that a candle candle candle
candle leave Hakeem
Australian I know crazy out here right I
don't know why but you today someone's
like I was talking with her neighbours
news like are you guys from Australia or
something I was like well that's it
that's a new take out of my pocket in
the internet mom was just here oh yeah
by the way boom just doubled our upload
speed boom that's how I roll told him a
little bit about the awesomeness of
Jennifers
and he was like well dude I can like
totally hook you up so we're like hooked
up
ratchet tied into some fibre a root ring
thing that's connected to like they made
some big deal cuz this is part of a
consortium that are hooked into YouTube
like into Google's actual direct link
into turbulent so we're actually he's
joking is like it's so funny because
they're actually gonna see a massive
spike because we put up about 130 gigs a
video a month and upload not download so
they're like you might see a massive
spike in their actual Chow but it means
that we got really fast uploads but yeah
he's like are you guys Australian or
something else like cor blimey might put
another shrimp on the barbie I've never
been caught rallying in my life
alright Crocodile Dundee
I'm gonna go walkabout with my boomerang
sting I'm trying to do other things I
know at Australia my sister is gonna
Australia no my sister lived in New
Zealand big difference right hey Bret
Home & Away is Australia flight of the
conchords is New Zealand and that is the
difference is the difference but an you
can always tell though in New Zealand
erm versus not straining like when you
actually talk you can always tell the
difference though boom also today's the
last day to give you guys t-shirt if you
haven't got to you guys t-shirt you're
not gonna have you guys the beat
semester by man is here
