good morrow and welcome to our home so
we put everything away and yeah Internet
man just left right you guys remember
our internet test speed yesterday 7.6
Meg's and we said you can put this up to
like two or three Meg up which is nice
but I got 7.6 makes down I think new dog
multiplying in my case just a min the
garden this morning and Marley this kid
came running in I was like Hello yeah
the building man is still there like are
the secretary installation people so do
you guys wanna see what I did to our bed
oh wait the latex there you go isn't it
so nice cuz you see our bed never really
looked like a real bet because we never
had a headboard before but never
actually have a headboard and it looks
really cute and because I had all these
pink cushions and not all of them are
pink there's like some like beige ones
and white and stuff like that but
they're really cute and I always had
them in my makeup room and now that I
don't have a makeup room this is a two
bed which actually it's fine because
this room is huge as you can probably
tell so we're probably gonna do
something like I might put a vanity
there I probably get a chest of drawers
or something and um yeah so now I have
the Christians on the bed and it just
makes it look more like a real bed you
know and then there's all these you
knows little stairs and you can see my
little bedside table there Jonathan is
empty for now and that there's all this
stuff which needs to be put away but I
did a pretty good job like look I got
rid of a lot so that's all that's left
and that's not a stain by the way that's
just water but um
yeah so I'm actually really happy with
what I did and then there's lots of oh
let me show you my closet this is like a
kind of impromptu closet tour
so yeah it's stacked fold because and
look that's like a random thingy because
we need like a chest of drawers to put
like socks and underwear that's all the
socks and underwear just like thrown in
there
well we'll sort that out when we get our
containers and then this is all laundry
which makes me feel sick we have this
whole bin bag of laundry okay on this
whole laundry basket of laundry to do
and we can't figure out how to do or how
to work our washing machine but anyways
this is the next closet so there we go
there's my shoes
well some of them my bags and then
Jonathan gets won't see this is the
problem I have so many clothes that they
take up all of this closet space but
these are all my my jackets and my coats
so Jonathan has Dan here and then my oh
my wedding dress is in here yeah we need
to get like a bag or something for it
though because it's going to get dirty
but um yeah and then we have this room
to still sort out because it's a total
mess this is Jonathan study as you can
see so we need to put all the books away
and do all that stuff but everything
else is like done look here's our main
living room and oh yeah but bit of a
random spot because usually the door is
like this oh let's see what I did in the
hall as well I'm holding that up so yeah
I always get rid of that I kind of put
everything oh I don't know where to hang
out maybe the bedroom I put everything
up I took down those ugly lamps because
I didn't like them and yeah
everything is pretty much done the dogs
have this kind of makeshift fence right
now
and everything is pretty much done
except for oh I'm gonna show you the
fall so I put all my boots here because
it has anywhere else to put them
that's for like keys my handbag you know
so that all the burglars can like
looking and see that there's money there
and look how cute the dog and its head
keeping with the staff lives here and
then all the leads and it's just so I
love a mirror there because when you're
going at the door first time in the new
place
yay and um I am I not surprised
oh yeah and look what I did
I've logged off the air gun what all the
toys there and the jars was like Ellen's
UPS where the air vents it can't block
that off oops
but yeah what's are you setting outside
it's so nice
oh I don't know how to write that
because of whoever lived here before us
evident we didn't pay their gas bill
because there's a it's locked like it's
there's like a little thing lock and
actual loss on our gasp or whatever so
we have to call the gas company and just
tell them that kind of like we lived in
a gas so yeah I'm really proud of what I
did with my bed I think we should get
like a chest here you know that you can
just throw random stuff in and then you
can put like the TV because we have that
mini TV where is that oh yeah this one
here that would be cool yeah yeah no
cables though yeah cool I'm really happy
that very new home
do you we're in town were in town I'm
purchase clowning around and down my
laptop has come come it's for the laptop
it's already cool writer said i7 core
holy crap oles the machine I have at
home is an i5 with a 3.9 processor this
is nice 7 with a 2.9 but it's a quad
core what a real quad core you know
the I Phi is to come quads but their
quads multi their multiplexing on the
cash to make it seem quite us but it's
not you know learned no have a
nerdfighter from nerdfighteria you know
dftba that's the only we're coming cuz
that low but yeah we're here now forget
to be awesome
Senate that is it now we're in town yes
oh this is like the big city now we
don't we're not city folk anymore
nothing we don't come down to the big
city I don't come down to the city much
actually I don't like the city people
miss Dara well we just passed them the
main train station in quark right but I
had a big sign outside from like CIE
which is the the main transport body in
Ireland to let one train station it's
like I'm sorry your ranking at a train
station right you're looking in for the
classified for something to rent it's
like yeah train station can I can I come
see the train station how many bedrooms
is the guy there's like a wit a train
yeah so I just went into a no choices
that's not gonna got them choices
property forget about you so I'm yeah I
dropped in the keys there you know
anyone was all like are they're so
stupid anything not to give you your
money back it's like give me more
freaking money my you know in the girl
was something so stupid like she's like
first of all she's like so
Hooten want me to give to the Past back
to you you who are the person you were
living when I was like I can spell in my
name she was like oh okay so we're gonna
need a letter from the person then from
Anna Saucony
and actually giving permission to give
you the folk deposit back and I was like
are you serious it's like she's like
pretty much my wife and they're like
yeah I know science property I was like
okay well how about give her the money
and I'm now giving you formal permission
she was like oh oh yeah I suppose you
could do that I'm like you sure hey you
know and then we have this little like
fob thing right here's what you open
this thing here right so after we moved
into the place we bought this often for
40 euros and they said you can have your
40 euros back when you leave if you give
this back and I was like okay even have
the box it came out of the box it came
in we just not even for our house so I
was like oh my the FOB thing it was like
oh yeah mmmm you wanna give that back
you that goes into your deposit you
don't come back with your deposit now
which is gonna be in like 20 weeks yeah
yeah yeah hearty as far as long as they
possibly can yet hold on to it promise
robbing me knees so they're saying like
okay so
you can have the bike entry visa he was
like can I can I have the fob and I was
like can I have my 40 euros she's like
exactly well that'll have to go to and I
was like well sure I'll give you the
file back when you give him a 40 euros
back and inches are like I have to get
em Cormac to call you this is the guy
who came to check the house and then I
told him I said oh yeah I know we're
leaving can you send me all the forms
and he's gone I'm not a washing machine
I told all the discrepancies and there
was something else the toilet the toilet
the washing machine the lights don't
work it's so many things wrong you know
what's gonna happen they're probably
going to try and screw us on the fact
that like oh well now the end this was
broken and the washing machine and the
microwaves like I've been telling you
for months and none of those things work
what now many people have this but we
actually have video we've actually
videoed our entire life living in that
property so you can see when you can see
about everything break and it's not just
us I don't think it's like us breaking
stuff like people like our neighbours
were telling us this because that whole
area kind of went up like really really
quickly no ball to do yeah he was a
carpenter originally trained by a
carpenter and he said that he worked on
that and that they only had like five
minutes per house or something so was
like wonderful honours as fast as you
got it everything a lot of our neighbors
had like loads of problems like the
get stuff done all the time like there's
some people working on their hands cause
like it was mostly get like cosmetic
seeing things but like you know just
things weren't kind of fitting right or
working right or you know and yeah
that's kind of the same as ours it's
just like things weren't really thought
I think properties before they put
things that you know so yeah it's just
like they're nice houses to look at what
actually like you kind of realized that
a lot of things don't worry I guess I
just really annoys me when you get
democracy involved like we gave you back
the keys why can't you give me a deposit
the place is spotless like yeah exactly
are you giving what I think have like a
thousand euros of my money yeah and
they're not giving it to us I'm working
on my next month and at Towson euros I
tell you what fella that would go down
mighty sweetly my paper a hotel or
something like now we have to go away
and they've only just bring up some
other crap like why your comfort why do
people do that yeah it's like we got our
internet so fast today yeah and you know
if you go with aircon gotta wait a month
like a month there's like a and then you
pay for it he he sleep he comes to your
house it takes two weeks he comes to
your house he flicks a switch and then
you have to wait another month yeah then
you pull you're like like what are you
waiting for
just do it like now just do it now but
they don't come please they need a
wake-up call like you know it's in
consumer if there's a holding period are
waiting here it's some sort of thing
where like oh yeah that's something that
really annoys what do you remember in
the other way around when we were gonna
take the places with choices we have to
give them all the money like about a
week before we cannot wait to give it
back I had to like the rent had to be
paid on the 30th of every month so that
which is really awkward because the
usually people don't get paid on the
third at the end like they get paid like
in the beginning or we're just like it's
so
stupid we have to put it in on the
serviette so that the money was ever man
on the second okay
really no so I know this is what really
annoys my grandmother my myoma she is
like pretty kind of you don't want to
see you but she was born in the 20s
she's old-fashioned whatever but she has
she's so great about certain things you
know like she's she doesn't understand
why when you cash check or you do like
things at the bank or anything with the
bank used to wait like a few days she's
like no just give me my money like yeah
why do we have to wait I have a bank
account this is how much money isn't it
that's mine but you have to wait for
things and like you know cuz she does a
lot of things with like checks like she
cashes checks or write checks or
whatever and there's like a waiting
period
she's like boy it's my money just as
long as they can I put a whole lot yeah
that really irritates her though like so
bad like if you well a lot of things why
can't I hold on to the keys for dinner
three weeks okay I ready to process it
like that's why this is my stand I'm
making my stand or my fob you know I am
NOT even that bad guys definite no way
Jose so don't away hurry though you
would be forgiven to think that we are
in the exact same place but we are not
we're in the new place of an ill cast Oh
and joining salivate the challenge
anything that's super person if there
were for us to defeat their gas
no Liam no Liam gasps until our our
gasps people so we have no gasoline you
know oven but there's no microwave
either so we have absolutely nothing no
way cooking though we're trying to
figure out what food some we buy that we
don't need to cook we could get subway
now and take away tonight no okay we
could get bagels and stuff nowadays yeah
yeah or anything really all right guys
you want to see it there's my damn box
Dell XPS let's check it out custom
design I got the custom design thing on
the front of it oh yeah this is the bad
boy let's have a look at my bad boy oh
sweet home alabama'
check that out what'd you think Nina
that's so cool
XPS system oh yeah I core 7 mofo that's
awesome isn't it yeah this is nice and I
see it looks got a sub woofer in it
that's crazy
I love PS systems I love that it's so
unique looking look put it back is is
well it's not a bad thing is there is m
an SD card yep that's all I need it's
all I need it also comes at a to make
camera which is nice love it love it I
want some dinner
Natalie figured out the oven works every
figure I do it works guys it's like I
came home as I kept it
who knows like we did make food but they
we didn't buy any food and I am sorry
got a nice space here to do my exercises
for Hunter clip a foot but I was very
busy
uploading Zee Loudon's a loading opens
in Borden's in place what's going on
here let's go right here huh what do you
say after we scavenging holy scavenging
Oh a butterfly hey butterfly a butterfly
mm-hmm well should we get this cut one
who cuts the grass around here week
supposed to cut her own class these
things know the answers to these teams
do you get seen it it makes you tried to
go underneath a car something might rain
just let go to camera guys I'll let you
go and let you go go I let you blow flow
flow let you go let you blow I'm so
hungry and tired and tired and hungry
I'm going in tired and tired and hungry
I love my new laptop though I got all
the editing software and stuff installed
boom so I
isn't it so super cool so cool and you
guys have one of these I like you sign
this is one like and then you guys got
one of these damn XPS systems you know
is that cool the only thing has in the
front is the XD card which is exactly
what I need
awesome or if you guys are like a review
I will stick one on the other channel
easily I job but somebody and I job as
an aegis also you know I know it as well
oh look because it's got the camera
thing built into it I can do blood TV's
blood to do so so when the block TV in
the girl mommy knees it Habba Habba
Habba hunger Marie have einen hunger
like I've made this mistake had made the
mistake the very mistake the very man
how many guys we don't actually show you
the outside of our house but we just
felt that I'm actually very proud yeah
yeah I just think we should actually
share it with them I think it's
something I should tell you okay so I
don't judges you know like don't judges
and you know just enjoy enjoy the
outside of our home it's beautiful
somebody actually live that are my
lights making you look words let me just
turn the lights out to get a full effect
my jizz over just like open the open the
drawer Brandon the hunt for someone show
you know when you don't know a place and
you're like driving up and the streets
looking at the Chinese place then we
found this place it was like
we found a place it does peace
ha Indian and Chinese food and it was
kind of like is there like a tree guys
working there it's like you can't you're
not allowed you know anything you're
Italians Indian or Chinese my mother was
Italian
I married Chinese woman I'm a fire city
it's like no so we found something here
which looks quite quite nice quite tasty
and because family food were like family
