morning y'all see that working man sweat
oh thank you well thank you rubbish and
stuff today that's fine yeah today's the
last day is the last time you will ever
see the blood of these in this house
nearly empty empty Minos is that 1% of
your luggage what I just like I just put
everything around oh we're in the
laundry basket thing oh this is not
heavy compare I just lifted so yeah guys
last time last time in this house today
what Nina's first time making a frozen
pizza now I have turns the oven on for
you put it at the right temperature
everything's ready
all I need to do is take that out oh we
need to get rid of the fridge are we
turning out that salmon are we keeping
it frozen gone off she frozen done
office difference right look at the back
turn it over look at your cooking
instructions
take it out put it in the oven Jesus
that's it but if you can't get easier
than that life doesn't need the timer
zero take it out of plastic
I'm sweaty Betty I'm a sweaty Betty
Draper paper that's why I keep Betty
Draper still now plop it in the middle
and it's right it goes EO mm-hmm we can
see the frozen mm-hmm if anyone ever
actually eaten frozen pizza frozen leave
me a comment have you ever eaten a
frozen pizza frozen now we wait 11 to 15
minutes but there's plenty of time to
get more work than Nina look Nina has
added to her collection I must report on
my statement from yesterday guys because
it appears the clothes hello I think
we're opening a closed shop this looks
like one of those trips Shores start
don't be fooled by the sleeves here guys
it continues underneath there looks like
summer we building some sort of a
shantytown here or something close this
is our new home well this is so
fantastic
bring all the clothes out to the car
moving ass movin movin this is the view
from our front door by the way if you
never really know anyone
right it's not focusing what it's not
focusing really we will announce it like
come into the light yes come on can't
you tell mmm late
mm-hmm I got rings September retard 0 so
disgusting courtesy our friend of our
house anyway it's good Ricardo you get
the full effect you never show this oh
yeah you never see this like I might be
okay
subject window you go
what I'm actually gonna put my cardigan
on cause it's like oh my god I need my
cardigan has looks so empty right now
well not in there and there is not there
are you wait you be good okay all right
okay so we need to bring all this this
is all rubbish out there and this is
also rubbish
it's actually disgusting guys let's
let's go over there yeah that's how
close you were just across the bridge
I'm sure there's a couple of people who
are like that's the window people used
to say sometimes they could see us yeah
do little dances hmm you're getting
really filiming aren't you pull camera
Gigi once more but you look really
handsome with your little sweat do I
look hot for manly you're like soaking
but I think you might be soaking because
it's the rain well I get something very
difficult
breakfast
this is late okay let's go
Oh yep this is my thing
suitcase oh my god hold on it stinks in
here that's what you came up with
getting soap
how bad
oh my name is balls
I just got text massage from the
satellite internet scam pannu that are
going to be offering us satellite he's
like yeah he's like a house half ten in
the morning let's have two in the
morning good for you it I was like I'm
sorry are you talking to have ten
tomorrow morning
you mean no Liam time without the
internet
that will be pretty pretty awesome
something I wanted to do before I left
though right is that I wanted to do a
speed test here right and then I'll do a
speed test in a new place and then we
can see much how much faster it takes to
get the broadband up short did you mean
the blogging I do what I do is I use the
same website both times so I've got I'm
using the UPC website which is here
right so let's test it this is air calm
I paying for a 24 Meg 24 Meg line from
air calm Wow let's see what we get
alright let's open it up you touched oh
oh oh
24 Meg line
I think I might be missing 22 of my
Meg's 2.78 Meg great unless you see our
upload because this is the part that's
important for uploading the vlogs we
were getting 0.55 remember those numbers
two and a half make line and we will
test it again when we get in a new place
I'm gonna see what we get okay
thank goodness look at the kitchen now
that's the last of the kind of stuff
that's here
like empty alright come on guys let's
let you guys out huh you guys won't come
out huh I'll be you're kind of famous
for doing that yeah just like that good
mommy lock it does mom think that
somehow you guys can like open it
yourself
nearly all done guys but now we're going
to take the first Trek gonna head up to
the new house and drop off some of the
stuff is all the clothes all honest
closes in the car so Wow let's get ready
to roll
we're ready to go all the clothes now
all my stuff see oh look at that modern
warfare 2 black ops first each additions
think I have another one soon so we
figured out that this is going to be
honored on his wardrobe all of that this
in here it's going to be on this
wardrobe here and of course over here
and then javis has been allowed allowed
to have this little area here for his
clothes God and she's so good to me
she's so good to me were allocation of
space so I was thinking because there
were the light source is there to put
the screen here right and then have like
a sort of an armchair II sort of area
here what do you think that's a nice
sort of distance I think and we just
fill it up with shelves and stuff along
there this could be a good this could be
a good room this could be the start of
something special
and then we're thinking in here you see
this massive area here with nothing we
could put like one of those shelving
things or loads are like towels and
stuff around there and that would look
good Mandy
hello okay did you guys take us a te CH
is that your one oh I guess that's
everyone's and so hungry do we bring any
food with us
see this stuff the entire car smell this
is brilliant when you're moving get you
stuff some of this stuff because you
know we're like having to shift on like
the bins and all I kind of stuff the
entire car smells of like chocolate
coffee it's awesome ha ha
what I'm hungry oh one with the local
takeaways are around here
existing Oh what is that pop your pop oh
you pop you sillies up and it's going
home
mommy's gonna get the food for the
num-nums mommy's gonna get the food for
the num-nums
we're gonna need some num nums oh my god
I'm so tired I don't want to be here
anymore
no house I want to be in my new house
guys wanna be homey so we're gonna go
down to MEK da ourselves some
cheeseburgers couple of cheeseburgers
couple of fries yet put them in my tum
tums come back here
I'm so tired oh my goodness I'm so happy
at the internet man is coming tomorrow
and have 10 in the morning that's gonna
be totally broken this connection these
kornek can i connect in Stefan here
pimentos on my myself woo commenters on
my telephone coming throws on my
telephone
have you got the moon moolah Ford
aluminum's I'm only for the nom noms
what a good mommy you are it is C first
appeal of all the batter for them
you guys looking forward to it oh don't
eat the whole thing in one go
Abbi you should have made that last
longer what toy did you get with your
happy meal sorry
jungle on board the Scooby Doo one well
it's one of these things that you look
true hey they can see it and we're not
gonna make it work
this mighty twisted thing around or
something
yeah it's like one of those sculpting's
gyroscopes that disco it's not as that
disco kaleidoscope here we go for the
second last time hopefully all this kind
of stuff here is going to go in the
house to get the two of them right there
and then yeah pretty much am told you
like that like shines that up right
let's go all right now yeah I am no
seriously like temperature-wise I'm very
hot right now look at obvious you know
they're not the light out because this
isn't safe like our new house I mean
it's the area safe but like in terms of
like traffic cars and stuff like that
it's not safe so we can't let them out
and all of these don't nice game
see if you know this is us spying oh he
got us anyway so this is all that's left
that's not coming with us
yeah yeah see me fixing my pants no
answer at my bum bum oh yeah you got a
wedgie
hey this is all it's left oh and
Johnson's TV we'll just leave it there
could you decided to buy for it oh man
reason only because I wanted to have the
first time in my life
very attractive she wasn't the best
there's not make another video huh this
isn't a free board
you got a pig away right no I want to
use one more video once oh my goodness
now look how slow the cow is almost
there almost there guys one more time
after this and that's it cause daddy
bought a 50-inch television screen yeah
back for the final countdown guys it's
the final countdown I'm going to shut
off the internet and she has lads lads
and lassies goodbye the Internet is a no
Liam and dragon 0 and plug in zero plug
in zero now take all this couple rofling
huh boy 1 guys say goodbye to the rooms
my room's my rooms borrow thankfully we
have somewhere else to go and we're not
homeless and that would be a sad moment
you know what you gotta kind of happy
and then there's this badass bad boys
bad boys what you gonna do I'm gonna
make love to my television gonna make
love to my television or she's about us
crap Oh Leo's right
right I wonder how much answer please
take out for me to get to lift it I
think this is actually a guys and you've
actually done it
everything's finally finished hip-hop
like he was pretty darn MD oh what's
that
this is pretty exactly the way it was
when we got here yeah looks nice
actually we should take it looks nice
everything out of it hidden in his ages
ago mmm does it come with these two
little ruffians say goodbye to your
stairs guys say goodbye to daddy's room
bye dad's room by room by room by room
this double check every drawer in the
house this is pretty darn good Leo's
let's check this room with the odd light
yeah this is pretty empty oh it's
check-in easy Chuck and Z and finally
let's say goodbye to the bedroom you
know it's totally impromptu cuddles that
happened there ho alas this is the end
of the room moving on guys a new set a
new season season two gotta go
the bats Romeo's drummer they okay 100 I
shaved my head there ha the wishy-washy
that were performed in this very
location is that doorstopper artists oh
that's the old or Stoppers we're home
Romeo of our own guys I just sort of
that picture there on an formspring art
on Facebook that's a tie right now on
Facebook and GB Thompson just actually
face won't be there a message you said I
finally found your first blog video has
day 52 we moved into that house at day
52 and we moved there today date 415 day
52 to 415 that'd be like they'll be on
like tombstone or something of that that
location is something but yeah isn't
that crazy quite a long time what a long
time but this is it
this is the new era guys welcome home
