oh so tired moving in Spain a holy moly
but everything's pretty much done it's
all emptied here just got two dogs and a
couple of things to get rid of also guys
I just want to point out in case just so
there's no like next week when people
are like oh okay so here's the situation
right you see her beautiful t-shirt this
is their four days left on the 4th of
August it will be over old vine so you
have four days and five hours that's it
it's over
and then someone asked me on Twitter
like oh it's just going to be available
again probably not like next year or
because like we're doing the wedding now
and then it'll be Christmas time and
then we're gonna try and do the
traveling thing and then so like maybe
so maybe next summer we might have
another teacher out but it won't be this
t-shirt you know with those sayings and
all that kind of stuff but it'll be
something completely different but so
this is the only time you can get
yourself a you guys so if you want one
go to the eBay and get the t-shirt the
link is down in the doobly-doo in four
days it ends hmm and I would say about a
week after that I will probably have
gone through pretty once it ends I'm
gonna tally up the numbers that I've
gone the sizes never not buying off
their printers they'll send them back
and then they'll be shipped at everybody
well they'd be shipped at goodness
you're not got things to do
are you I think you know you're doing
tell me about these babies oh oh
goodness
anyway so hmm emptied that was full of
clothes last time I saw I'm not actually
sure I was all your clothes what about
this one here is this empty too
Oh crud that one's fall it's falling off
let's go down and so let's have a look
and how much clothes you have oh my
goodness oh my goodness gracious this is
right this is like an episode of
Hoarders oh we got that's rubbish emo oh
lordy lord look at this this is like a
quarter of Anna's clothing look at this
it just goes on on and on oh my goodness
oh look what we found oh look are all
our Halloween stuff do you guys remember
twitchy where's the pain I am for
Christmas decorations and our Christmas
tree stand and everything like that
Santa finding when you're moving you get
to look back all the nostalgic isms Oh
packing up the OL bagel slicer someone
else accommodate you set em by how Co
welcome to homie Oh because this is no
longer the homey oh this is like just
the how Co but the other place is the
homey oh I just watched the Gregory
Brothers on VidCon and the unemployed
when I watched it earlier today the
liable but this is like the unplugged
one they are just the most amazing vocal
harmony group I've ever heard well since
boys men were pretty amazing these guys
like ramble Oh harmonies like Waiting
mail to merge their voices together
absolutely amazing I'm a fan of the folk
I love the sound of a four-piece harmony
you've got like a proper friend of mine
Elaine cheap band produced a show
descending music and you know at the end
of the sending music when you're all
doing it no boom boom they're all
singing again and so I remember sitting
next other coordinate for everything
like oh my god that's amazing that is
amazing oh look Christmas stuff forest
oh my soul
gosh do you guys remember this thing
when we got that
it's like I'm oh look we'll have to get
another one for scenic because like
that's alby's one that's named as one
this trophyless is one that's alby's we
have to get see now we have to get why
are you yeah okay you oh no you probably
are like toys because the toy box was a
garnet I've got it to go it the toy box
it isn't going oh my goodness but
seriously but this corners corners come
oh so much to do it so little time what
would I have that little time got plenty
time but just so tired yo I'm not tired
I'm a tired company bag you're tired
temp in your bags say yeah mm-hmm
what kind of company bag are you you
like post on Pat's feeds what kind of
company migrator you know attempt you -
no attempt teabags were a worldwide
phenomenon temporary bags with you get
10 penny sweets you know plastic bags
that cost 10 pence although a temper you
bikers player like 50 cent now that's
the way everything goes okay fan a Nizam
library card when she was in look in
that so cool focus is in that was before
she even had a youtube channel Arts
Institute at Bournemouth and that's a
Coney what like a child grown up you
were hot then you're hot now she's a hot
to mama
ha ha ha moly Hot Tamale what little
friends mmm are they go into bins use
hated a winning shoes about thinking yes
why is there a vase of fake flowers in
your wardrobe
oh you have it the debt the little table
thing oh I have the little table thing
yeah
because one thing's gonna miss I'm gonna
miss the UM my hillbilly rocking my
hillbilly roll let me just pop this over
I'm gonna miss my hillbilly my hillbilly
chair come on that's my PlayStation
cheerio but I don't have that anymore
because I came with the place they
probably would even notice if I took it
but I'm no are we to put it in a new
place which is kind of holy moly Nate
and Joey so it will be missed it will be
missed
what else would I miss in here like mr.
smear I never really had much of an
emotional connection to that mirror I
miss that little dot in the wall oh yes
someone left me a comment and they were
like um I've never seen the hot press
but alas you have actually seen a hot
press in one video but let's take you
along to the hot press the hoof it
starts up here it slowly makes its way
down here we like to leave the spare
pillow and the big towels and don't
worry I came from and they've got the
kind of cylindrical thingy and you've
got the boom boom y'all and this kind of
thing here stuff but yeah that's pretty
much that
so that concludes every single room in
the house we've been to can you think of
anywhere else we have maintained a DS no
don't forget your Anna Anna from the
wall are you Anna from the door
are you got Anna are you the owner from
the door
so we're going to Tesco because we need
to get food fights right Adam invites we
run out of them and we just don't load
the good thing about living in an
apartment complex
yeah manage property is that you have we
have to see London as well you have like
never been here this huge like communal
bin and like it basically never gets
full so you can dump whatever you want
so that's like recycling glass the
elastics and everything you want like
yeah so we're gonna jump like a lot of
big stuff that we don't need anymore
like planet kind of planning for January
yeah because we won't have this
opportunity when we're leaving the next
place yeah like the exercise bike are
you so you know I used to use everyday
but I just think it's time to maybe you
know stop that I think I overdid it
you know come on over to the exercise of
it everyone have you actually lost loads
of weight after you stop yeah ever since
I finish it ever since I went full-time
I as a self-employed I've asked you lost
loads of weight so if you want to lose
weight just become self-employed the
stress of it all about to wait plus I
think as well you're not the element of
unhappiness is we been removed therefore
are probably not eating my eating my
badness sadness away yeah um no so we
have to get oh my god I love like a hair
on me I hate when that happens
excuse me but so we just have a ton of
stuff to like throw out and looks like
going it's long we've been collecting
glass jars what's on our microwave I
don't know what micro no wave yeah so
those need to be thrown out and then
those little Jam pot things like the
glass ones they're really cute I
actually kind of wish we could keep them
and like bringing Jimmy for the wedding
but that's ridiculous so can't do that
uh you know the desert ones I thought we
called like it's just that we're not
going to get enough probably the weight
of my dress and like this is true now
you know there's only like 40 people
coming to our wedding
Oh see that's nice it's taken you park
that thing here it's nice car so mean
when people came out though it takes up
a space you just don't like that all the
tire
you used to every person and a person
hired what would put his trolley like
just beside scarce me even I would be
like what are you doing he's like I know
this all the time but since he met me he
has improved himself you know hi I'm
Jonathan and I'm improved all right we
got 40 40 heavy-duty Collini O's check
him out nice and bright yo now gonna
work okay I'm gonna leave you guys here
okay I come on and it's gonna a dinner
tonight with our friends I like school
friends going for dinner party tonight
and I was just saying like oh as like
you need some money for that it's like
oh well I'll also need them 20 years on
top of that for the taxi you know that's
how you get someone if you want to lift
home and you know someone that's
slightly miserly like me it's like
driving myself thank you
was your plan
mmm-hmm you're looking forward to your
dyndns am I gonna have a pizza what are
you people going to make a video vlog
please all right not best English peeps
we live in England but why other than
England for a year right so we don't
like this now right right
all right most people actually comments
and say hey I really like England UK is
a really nice place and I say we already
awk this is not a UK mate well then sort
of like this yet wait
all right grab ruff show me he's not
there anymore oh look at I'll grease it
or negligibly he's got a likkle little
chip I'm not here unfit
he looks pretty pang pang paying you say
hey maybe paint all right you've got
some elves in you all I can do
so yeah Albie has a very nice little mix
chief you fairies thank you but she
doesn't have one but she will have one
soon because her aunt emma is coming
back to Newport and she's bringing the
map oh my goodness thanks ray
but luck has the screen there's a thing
would the desk is all gone look at the
room with nothing in it
doesn't it look so different all I'm
keeping is the computer and the
PlayStation and the screen everything
else is pretty much gone
plans to chair and I'll say goodbye to
that chair but um yeah oh gotta take the
curtains there my curtains because
they're black the black curtains you'll
miss my ruder
what's that ruder you were slow and crap
good bye bye snow Liam snow Liam
Internet hello - smoothly internet
spoodle is the opposite of snow Liam
he's you're wondering okay now it's like
even emptier what also I think
Armageddon might be coming because can
you hear that
let's go high Brett's gone mental
mentally mental and I'll scream it away
keep it down
it's like a fine holiday straw like
we're all like I can see I'm leaving
goodbye get over this room with Ken it's
like an entire year spent here we did so
much yeah guys I'm moving on
let me get in now look at it let's get a
bed in here let's have a lie down you'd
be lying down someone's going to sleep
where I made the blog et is someone's
going to sleep on the block at ease
prepare slip under protectors yeah
that's a bedroom now again I think
that's the way it was
you guys remember to let you guys go
back to the video when we've got this
play when we got this place originally
and tell me which way the bed was look
really nice
it's a flowy maxi dresses a nice basis
how's it going to dinner with all her
friends iou's yeah that's nice oral I
think that's it decided a dress look at
Anna's room now
crazy like the beds are changed I think
there's nothing here now it's so
different stupid thing the existing you
came with the head we put it away the
minute we got here like it's so
disgusting so look it's put together
with like banders like or you know
whatever you call those things fasteners
how crazy is that like I don't they mr.
Bartrand sale is like an echo in here
now let go oh it's so different back in
the forest for some outdoor pics in the
Paris off work we didn't
ask it pigs against the wall I've been
kind of cool
here oh it's colorful okay let's go here
car in front of me is eight years older
than me
what is like 1972 gee it's one of those
the Beatles do I get the garage you can
do as you can see it look take it a
little beetle beetle bees Betelgeuse
can't say Beetlejuice 10 times or is it
three times or is it five times I can't
quite remember Selena's gonna band to me
for a night but our friend zeroes are
you guys going to spend the night
talking about me did you're supposed to
do there are like wow you've got a very
old Chavez your soul
cool to some live jazz band or something
here I don't know where it is but I can
hear the music where are they you got in
there somewhere
wasn't that cool all right that was for
that like maybe playing Halloweekend or
something yeah maybe it gets normal no
no we don't we don't get out much
nunik Chinese place over there
huh banana now and they're all right
love you love you have fun now don't
talk to kill many boys Bobby oh now
where do I go I go this way
scooch on scooch along seems to be like
music everywhere tonight I need to go
home and write my own life music ha ha
Oh get the part
Cena get the pan let's do this you made
him setup I got a bed here this is this
is how hardcore right it's a hardcore
person you got a ruler here if that's
all you need
Rooter a phone px 21 public kick cats
PlayStation controller a 50-inch and you
are done zio
this is how I roll yo it's all I got
left in the pointy with the bed there oh
oh
4211 aneema still out of your friends my
goodness my booty mess what are you two
up to out here huh is this really weird
look it's not here like you can like
walk around hey Cisco a bit of a
junkyard here what what the hell guys
our new rude but I think you've let the
place go ever so slightly ever so
slightly shall we slightly slide for
likely beginning right we moved in this
thing was on the table all wrapped up
their life right now we never opened it
because we didn't like it so much time
today we're just gonna put it back on
the table as it's kind of like oh hi
it's been fun but yeah yeah
making the red pepper down with gravy
Kent I was a boy in a fast car probably
not a fast car
don't resume I'll be his mom's car it's
some sort of an exhausting attach to the
back
mmm perfection well guys let's go back
upstairs where it's all going on no I'm
going on going on
