you
Lana's gone into town with her aunt and
sister and mother and loads other people
still doing like wedding clothes dress
shopping and so forth and so on
and yeah I could change my t-shirt what
do you think of that huh can a guy wear
the same teacher for just a couple of
days okay I don't want to watch anything
because we're moving and it's a pain in
the holy moly look at all our stuff eh
what
oh the flesh is nearly empty the place
is nearly empty Oh huh
it's nearly empty oh how much emptier
looks it's not you have an emptiness
feel to it the coffee filters will put
away as well so I just took out to just
satisfy my coffee needs you guys want to
go peepees huh probably want that
gardenia huh this is our all right this
is our summer house now come on guys
let's go website Uday on our bookies
anyway the books is that last time we
put them all in boxes and then I realize
I couldn't lift the box because they're
so heavy so this time I'm like no I'll
just bring them like 100 painstakingly
one at a time or that way we're not
going to be able to carry them otherwise
there's no way I'm going to be able to
lift them all up like you can't hide you
just ended on the bank holidays we have
like three days now if we want to move
you know so no rush there's no rush I
got a walk-on
I got a walk-on if I call you in Arlen's
began boys probably not buying Holly
anywhere else in the planet so uh come
Monday
I'm sorry rest of the world happiness is
a little funny reaction when you drove
his tone sounds like a bit let's get in
here already remember I remember here's
old guilt there's no give it unto no huh
that's my way just fun what is this what
is this what is this what there is just
what is that the spot huh is that the
spot thinking you just lounge out a
lounger me the lounger is it around
right now a lounger one new house like a
new healthy hmm mommy's white wedding
crosses and clothes we didn't have
dinner I haven't forgot about you either
little one hmm come on guys gotta do
some moving blah it's time to move this
guys it's time to move this sure when I
put this thing up and I was like send
stuff to be in the subscriber wall look
at this huh no joke thank you guys how
who come along along the way no well I
think the best thing to do is probably
just move this as is you know not
actually take all the stuff off so by
tech also I don't know maybe I'll have
to take all the stuff off
not really sure what to do you guys
think by the time you apply to me I'll
have already done whatever it is I think
I should do
should they go to stuff off and put in a
box or shall try and move away to stuff
on it the first rule of moving do you
know the first same clothes as yesterday
second rule moving but I changed my
clothes oh well I don't know was that
that's what I was that's what I was
explaining when I was like I've been
wearing the same other teacher for ages
yeah
that looks nice real great yeah I like
it double rainbow I cross the sky
election some VidCon videos I'm so
jealous I wish our VidCon could be next
general although everyone watching him
like oh forget you man
I was at ciccone towards moving Khan
Sorento you can't wear that after your
might woman what'd you bring - actually
believing you what that's underwear no
it's not
Martha's a nut go of like it goes like
what I was like like that oh I thought
it was like like underwear I thought you
were kidding
that's like a doctor's mask this you've
got big boobs though it should seems
really small Nina is this a joke no I'm
just saying it looks very small for how
is that gonna like I was not gonna reach
over in there
what have to say hmm it's for Sophia oh
you know a hell them on your nose right
I'm like oh my god I was like the smooth
SMO I not four boobs at all professional
thing I was taking effect but I did it
on purpose because the hell hate these
they're so like confusing yes um well
this Francesco like my older brother
he's really conservative of Italy I'm
sorry God where'd you get my - he look
he's not my god son what Sophia you got
oh yeah
my son Sophia Dylan got out got my dad
together so he's gonna be really pissed
but I don't care I'm gonna be like
Sophia do you want a bikini to be like
yay and then ya know what do you want me
to do I think empty other supplies I'll
be like so yeah that's really cute and
it'll be funny to see reactions he used
to freak if I even wore like I remember
I was wearing like a polo neck without
the neck no it was like a regular top
and it said treat me like a princess on
it and he flipped
Kahoot like it at all he's so like
conservative ed stuff like that so
that'll be fine we can put that on the
fog I'm a truck driver yo ha ha okay how
do you engage just it whoa lay down Cena
lay down on mommy I remember being in my
uncle's fun all right
skinny and it was like this was really
high up
I want to show I get a turn it's okay
sorry we're just in a new car oh she's
there
off we go good girl right now don't
worry about here folks
oh yeah it's not a car you can't just
like stick it into fourth gear okay are
we good are we gonna be aware it was on
are we gonna be okay yeah everything's
gonna be sandy okay just so high up here
I'm like what look at the size of this
cockpit thing I'm like behind is like a
million miles behind us haha thing about
driving a big huge thing like this is
very different striking a car I'll tell
you I feel like so superior up here
coming true whoa she goes oh changing
gear Oh a lot of hard work the physical
exercise all-righty was the first ones
pretty empty in here now all of a sudden
isn't it look at the thing is all gone
oh goodness
hey six a lot emptier it saw the band
moving is a pretty darn good workout as
well I'm sweating like a sweating like a
sweaty pig but everything packed up
ready to go let's rock this go my little
work force hello hello hello
she's in the back he's in the front you
gonna drive Audi he's gonna try
huh Oh seen this coming true now we like
to make our nerd our obstructs is in
here come on let's go come on
so here we are in a van because we can I
mean mmm because I cannot move and prove
it you don't know that because it is
moving moving these women are 21 okay I
hope everything is fall over as we shake
the corner okay
corner one in the bag anyone knows we're
sweating the great deal is we don't know
the Maltese dog Oh No look at an
Alsatian that just blend and Everest and
save somebody sorry I closed the window
to bring them which unit is this always
good as wine comes yeah oh we're gonna
have like a splitting headache
what somebody is on the dumb
Annunciation scene Sultan even solve it
all all I think Anna's hooked on the
codeine feel like a proper traveler now
all I needed was a u-haul and Ernie have
you all in Ireland but you know when the
u.s. is moving at you halt
I'm gonna have a u-haul but we got a
high hall a joke at all oh my god Oh
like a hall blog you know like you know
like a like a hall
haha I'm a baller boom boom boom hi guys
maybe my hole
okay this is this is hard work driving
this take this big rig
hello I'm driving a big rig okay this
dangle is bigger than my entire body so
it's like takes an effort to go from
left to right I can't see behind me
because there's no rearview mirrors like
these side mirrors we drive at the size
of my car so it's a lot it's a different
experience driving a big rig really I
feel like in your half turn when it
knows two-way radios alright breaker
breaker charlie this is the smokey
bandit coming in live
you guys already spoke about it
everything's moved in we're all done
eyes eyes yeah bad the kitchen so nice
isn't it no right now Cena owe me he's
pooped pooped
yo pooper a pooper scooper gotta close
itself but and we've still got a couple
of days to get on it so for all the big
stuff is done now which is the clips of
trimmer the picture I made for Ana hmm
pictures on the walls a nice doll in
here so I might just keep them the way
they are zo but I am pooped
I am a pooper scooper hello hello guys
mommy
let's go let's go
okay so Anna's gonna see bridesmaids
again tonight but her mom and his mom
torans and his nephew come please cometh
my present yeah cousin cousin labs so
just what are the Tesco stuff I don't
need it's gonna be enough time to
actually get dinner on the go so we're
just gonna go and get something inside
the food court this princess MD / from
that guy hey he's standing very still
it also quite great he's a great man
what do we get we get Donald
really oh yeah
getaway Dinkelman Oh plug I can't
believe she eats this fast food or
wedding coming up you know I totally
agree with some of the comments you guys
are leaving like it's absolutely
ridiculous
look the actual healthy one is actually
closed so you only left it with 21
Eddy rockets or monkey dance you know I
decided to go with the chicken nachos
because I'm unhealthy like that and I
got a side order fries with some fizzy
pop would you get thank you for your in
a bowl veggie burger in a bowl it's not
a few burger
oh not even event not even a burger to
salad it's a salad disguise as a burger
I would be really disappointed why not
chose better be not just and not this
guy is some sort of a salad or something
I got the nachos chicken nachos in the
fries but Ana has to go now ran at a
time is it took about a million hours to
make it so I'm being abandoned whitening
I think we should do right is like stand
up
slam down your napkin and slap me in the
face and strum all right have fun joy to
fill them again long and lonely walk
home all by myself all alone and you
take us for a joke bus the second hand
but it's a good homemaker it's a good
vlogger - I like a fun card
juice juice Ajay suggests there was a
cold
