you're going to give me a haircut
what kind of how could you going to give
me radio only one a long hair I'm going
to get Rapunzel hair like Alex's hair
yeah
or should we let Alex put that easier me
sorry saying that I spent my life goal
to have a fringe over my eyelid like up
to my eyes to my eyes it's getting there
you can help in a minute go into it wait
a minute we need to sweep all the hair
good job Amenia look at that he put in
his hair all over the place but see
auntie Liz ended up with a little bit of
daddy's hair on him see how he got some
of Daddy's hair on you said he's here
hey did a good job yeah it means went to
get it don't have more to like quite all
of that all right mister let's go yeah
Kurt oh alright you do a good job here
mommy mommy turn yeah yeah maybe come on
boy let's go ready for what about
alright we're officially
if I can really see my hair but looks
fresh suppressions okay that's good
alright guys we gotta go order a burger
Gibby I don't know eBay
okay oh hi Bobby you ready for Husby you
guys drugged me no are you excited
do you remember all your rugby moves
20 toes man into the windows bigger than
the big Fiat oh give us the ready
everybody
honk oh we're gonna go to the Sun is dog
Oh
very close triangle tiempos use lighter
than the lightest gun go faster no need
to my son nothing but awesome time
oh my goodness guys I just got caught
and like a storm can you not you decided
all right so I'd write a graduate or
full of become today laughs oh my
goodness right now so it so came out of
nowhere
Karen nowhere Hajis I didn't you
understand the level of wetness and then
on your way back around to a puddle
I'm soaked to the bone
are you three just get the heated seats
on trying dries off of it
are we having a dance party where's your
certificate Eduardo got a certificate of
graduation for a mullet picked up well
then in White House and and Eduardo
scored a conversion point today here's a
hole mister okay come on right so I'm
really excited to be getting my hair
done properly for the first time in ages
and Alex is do you which makes it even
better
seriously I have I look like a count as
I see our lodging on ya know Maya you
wouldn't know you wouldn't know the way
it's look I love this bit here oh no
this is so much more relaxing than
having it done at home otherwise you'd
be sitting in an uncomfortable chair in
a salon you just you don't have time to
do stuff like that when you're a mom you
don't have time to like dedicate it's a
whole day a whole day you have dedicate
like it's ridiculous so this is a lot
better because the baby sleeping I fed
her earlier she's absolutely fine now
and and yes in the comfort of my own
home that's cool
okay we are out on another adventure and
this time we are hoping that it is not
lash rain on us as we're holding on
we're all right let's go go to Daddy's
car it's still a bit raining I was
waiting for agency with the rain
actually stop but the rain has not
stopped so but it's kind of slow down a
bit
I don't know me we're not going to a
magazine place but if I see a magazine
we'll careful I will definitely get you
one of the wearing your name oh you have
to sit in the middle but quickly daddy's
getting wet guys okay everyone holding
hands together and the boat wearing
flip-flops there's nothing like
flip-flop weather don't step in a
flip-flop puddle oh my goodness oh my
goodness is weather guys today anyway
I've got I did what I wanted to do and
now as a reward I said I would find an
internet shop with the Pikachu excited
and I'm always like probably making
jokes about it well they sell fidget
spinners amongst other things that we're
going to go in and see do we got maybe
maybe it's time you got chocolate
biscuit
don't freak out what there's a Dalek
they're experimenting Kedarnath look
please don't touch on toasted garlic how
cool is that though once all because the
dark might come alive and they're really
afraid lost time decided I think a
picture of our does time besides garlic
oh how nice to thought look guys it
let's see my breast pad I'm now excuse
me I love it we put some to measure
specific beautiful start remember put
them yet like darker bitch yes it is
okay
and toughen it up a bit and I got your
big tower then you can return ah and
she's got a new baby that commit suppose
you'd never go out commitment yeah look
how nice it is though I'm so so happy
yeah look how nice it is don't look at
night my hair is out way there are
pictures and no one like here it took
two seconds
yeah we're starting to do a dining to
feel special what do you film it yeah
anyway thank you Alex yeah but I had
them
Alex's on Instagram some want to check
her I'm going to tag her in a picture
later anyway so media was a good
assistant and maybe I was a really good
assistant something assistants that she
was putting clipped on this thing I'm
like putting them all up here and
actually then when she left to go out
with Jonathan Alex was using public she
was it was like a little a little
stunned but yeah I love my new hair I
feel like a new woman
okay so Amelia and Eduardo above a
our party love and yes you said exactly
what that arrow says that long shot okay
you ready all right take a seat ladies
and gentlemen of the jury no sneaky
Peaks
ah no e-tank yeah I know
can we chat oh do we know any mediums
word of corioli whoo it's hard the cars
what's it say read the card first
what's it say it says thank you a great
big sizes
your immediate wireless thank you so
much for lending lost your money and
letting her come to San Francisco with
us we love spending time with her she
really missed you guys
or hoping you might feel it likes it we
got one for last year too so she could
play dress-up with you lots of love
Annie and a whole Benefit Cosmetics
family in Tibet most Emilio oh okay
what'd you get oh you for that marinade
on it okay yeah what's it say and - okay
I think this is yours avoid oh yeah how
is that guy you'd be real very
oh wait that's huge maybe after media's
oh that's the media - part of this is
Alessia this is fortified this is your
residue we're getting there we're going
you're a comedian sorry this is more
this Margo and this is not it there we
go
kinda was a bit small okay how exciting
on us yet you got wood - you got one -
you're going to be a little fairy
oh very impressed yeah it's all for me
this one for me joins me ready
can you show me your outfit oh you look
so cute
are you going all the shoes hey trying
to accessorize it that phototaxis one on
you can all sit on the couch together
right
about some accessories howdy
good
well Wes
thanks to things
how do ha ha
listen guys thank y'all looks like one
of those calendar pictures good job the
Hilda Justin life is but a dream
Rach Rach Rach you booked Oh No what it
looks cute
why she's very hot because she doesn't
like when I dress her unless she's happy
row row your boat gently down the stream
hey let me merrily merrily merrily life
is but a dream what No
well shall we make some dinner okay okay
Chum Chum buddy chomps let's up dinner
guys you're all matching okay all right
okay
let's not do that anymore mister okay
okay yeah honey why don't you send one
for me and Anna will be epic we believe
it Africa picture no where are you guys
going yeah I think right
daddy's coming okay sir
have you seen some changing ran a night
I think I smell some children you hello
don't be alarmed but you've reached the
end of this video thank you for watching
it I really appreciate that I really
appreciate all you guys actually come in
every day it's amazing thank you but
anyway I have something even more
amazing to share with you kind of scary
but today on the frontiersmen channel I
will be uploading shortly which is up
now and an animation about a tea club
named Charlie who was really really sad
because he hasn't got a best friend but
then wait Sammy the saucer is introduced
what will happen only way to find their
friends is to watch the animation it's
the Sunday sing-along Ciccone Johnny's
friendliest friends there's always a
music video on a Sunday and friendliest
band so please subscribe please
subscribe I really appreciate that and
the more you subscribe the more
encourages me to make better content the
more you watch it I suppose so please go
friend these friends and watch it I'm
gonna leave a link you look up a little
bit here in that entice you do you feel
enticed huh do you feel enticed there is
an intersection going on that reverse so
you looked it up let me look that up
leave me a comment below in to ization
feels like feels like it's of my made up
and I hope you enjoy please at watch ad
there was a tea duck named Charlie sing
on single eye exam put the lyrics in
there written it's amazing thank you so
much good bye
today pain
haha
