so today my mom and her sister my aunt
are gonna help Johnson and me to move as
it's moving day and my aunt who's also
my godmother um she's actually who I'm
named after like my second name because
my full name is Anna Brigitta and her
name is Brigitta
so anyways she's gonna come over here
because she's coming for the weekend so
that we can go shopping for her wedding
outfit together because she asked me to
help her style it and everything and
like pick something out cuz she hates
shopping like she absolutely hates
shopping she hates like fashion just
hates like all of that so she just asked
me for my help which was really nice of
her
I was fun is that you did that and um
it's nice that she's gonna come and like
spend time with us this weekend and um
she has a big van well like they do the
family does so that's why they're gonna
help us move because um that will
hopefully make things faster and that
way we don't have to rent a van or
anything like that so that was really
nice for and then we're also um this
weekend going to go see bridesmaids
together so me my mom and my godmother
so that'll be fun
and um I know it's kind of early in the
morning actually it's not really that
early anymore
but I'm I thought up showered and um got
dressed and everything and Jonathan's
still in bed but that's because we had a
kind of a late night we always have a
late night like let's not kid ourselves
guys do you think that this is okay to
smoke right it says July 27th is the
sell-by date we're like best before end
today is the 29th and it smells like you
know it actually smell nice yeah this
kind of weird but I'm using it for my
porridge
and it does that it's out of date like
two days ago like it's not bad it smells
like you know the when you get
mozzarella in the bags and there's like
a milk around it it smells like that
milk like it smells like a mozzarella
ball milk thingy
I don't really know is two days like I'm
sure my grandmother upon would be like
fine but I don't want to know it's not
gross it's because I keep getting these
stupid fake ones which is actually
really stupid because like there's only
one of us that drinks milk in the sacks
and that's me and it never gets used on
time I should probably start getting
like a small one or something
what let me know in the comments is that
okay like July just poisoned myself I
will get new milk today though got to
paid a month upfront Oh sting little bit
cuz you're handing over wads and wads of
cash but then when I pay rent for ages
so it kind of balances itself out it's a
balancer well now it's gonna nip in town
sneaky sneaky move oh that I just sneaky
move I think I sneaky moved is that why
you love me because of my sneaky moves I
haven't seen town in a while and your
vlog it is she is it still air oh oh yes
I'm a nice but a good man I'm a good man
I'm a good man I've got a nice tan yo yo
yo brofist huh it's not my brofist the
guy was sitting at the lights and the
lights had gone green and he was too
busy he's too busy watching the ciccone
Jolie's on his iPhone and it is cistern
whoa
watch the bag
except buses I don't understand what
that means but I'm going to check down
here okay answer we want to go there's a
bus stop there that I bet to me okay so
my wedding dress just came and this is
like the princess dress that I was
telling you guys about um and I was kind
of being a little bit secretive about it
because I wasn't sure if it was gonna
arrive on time because they had to cause
to make it and everything oh my god and
um but they shipped it like a few days
ago when it came like in no time at all
um and I have it on right now I'm not
going to show it to you like fully or
anything but here let me show you like a
little bit of it this is the top part of
it um but I'm really excited about this
I just it looks like exactly what I kind
of envisioned the only problem is that
the waist needs to be taken in I knew
this will happen it's because of just
the way my body is like my bust is a lot
bigger than my waist so I need to take
it in there so I'm hoping that like that
that's going to be okay because I just
knew that would happen I think it's like
that it's made very well but I just feel
like maybe I should have given them like
a lower smaller measurement for my waist
because I don't know my body shape is
just weird
so um I'm going to try and get it taken
in at the waist because bulky looking
and it doesn't kind of like fit
completely perfectly to my waist the
rest of my body is fine um I love that
I'm really excited about it I'm just um
I was nervous because I didn't think
that's what this wouldn't happen I think
I just I think I should wear this one I
think this is probably this is more like
a wedding real like princess dress like
what I wanted so I really excited and
I'm sorry I can't tell you more but I
want to keep it a secret
and now also trying it on I don't know
if I should wear my hair the way I said
I would like in a scythe one I know
about the rose I think I'll probably
still use this but no
guys don't tell her well actually you
don't I give you way too much already
okay um so yeah I'm not sure what I'm
gonna do with my hair now I think I
might have it half-up half-down oh I
don't know it just suits the style of
the dress but but er I don't know
anyways it's all coming together guys we
got a new homeo quick our wedding
dresses we got body shop goodie bags the
body shop sent us I don't know what I'm
gonna do it all this stuff it's not like
paint when you're like from school paint
okay nice natural lift up I don't use
that one what's it do
like a moisturizer mm how do I know it's
wrecking yeah boy this way no your drama
didn't rub it in yeah seems like a lot
of work what's it taste like
doesn't taste good it just uploaded the
pictures to facebook right and look at
this look at this mesh just moving this
but um what I did is I uploaded I don't
know how many like a five or six
pictures to facebook from the photo
shoot yesterday we did Ralphie and scene
all right these ones here as you can see
it just fixes itself this is them
oh oh so cute oh I love that one I like
that one I like that one I like that one
I like that one I like that one I like
that one I like that one I like that one
I call this one crazy how I'm crazy see
but yeah they're here on the page and
you guys want to go ahead and like the
em like the ones that you like the most
right and whoever whichever picture gets
the most likes but this is only going to
run for like 24 hours on that because we
got to get the pictures up I just can't
decide which one I like the most us the
most is with the hostess so I was like
right well we'll go ahead and stick up
honey but Oh 11 I put up 11 pictures so
just click on the one you like the most
and yeah I'm gonna see which one wins
cuz I can't decide they're all up
I get to that it down from 390 pictures
to 11 but um it's kind of hard okay
somebody just somebody like us like your
lighter Steen's thank you for liking Oh
double likes whoa grapple likers that's
how to do it folks double liking
I'm glad look at this mess
this is my new house
this is what I'm moving into an empty
box data and record management data and
record management we're gonna head down
and check out the new house though what
yeah you want to come here we go we're
coming to see our new place guys you
guys all excited huh you excited yeah
yeah I'm really tired I'm super tired
but we are going to go see the new place
they gotta have the keys somewhere for
us uh hook they're there because the
pine color it's a Friday evening of a
bank holiday weekend so no one's in
Roscoe cheese day but I had to do the
video a guy did it
sorry I had to pictures Robbie then the
wedding dress came up in a body shop
Sanders load of stuff then I got some
more coinage from someone nice I got two
British powers from the Queen we like
Hello yeah they're British pounds wait
Elizabeth pounds
thank you for your power the breaking
pound
right okay so does that mean we have
enough money twice today um probably not
welcome to your new home is our new home
we all owe you what
oh my 13 the floor hi guys I'm gonna go
to your garden I want you to Gardens all
of it and the Enderman why am the guys
are gonna put garden fences up for us
but the builders are all on holidays at
the moment oh I Todd what does money
matter it is it is that one smaller oh
well it's no big deal I'll take that and
put it in there yeah I think do it
better yeah okay we asked them to take
one of the beds out so we can have a
study at in the bedroom so this could be
the study or the bedroom do you guys
love it you love it you love your new
home hmm
huh there's no good coz mommy loved it G
on this never be unmasked then I too bit
the carpet in the whole place me home
okay guys want a house tour here we go
welcome to our new home this is a
hallway it's very dark because doors
these are our two puppies come on albian
Cena this is a lovely tile work and this
is the main living area we have this
luxurious shag rug slowly render the
menu functions Kushan to some tiny home
in here in plans where brick fire things
bazaars
Magnolia furnishings nice and this is
our country kitchen dishwasher a stove
that I don't know how to work it's a
fire stove comes with biscuits this is
our fridge in here nicely concealed nice
he's finishing rahzar chairs oh this is
my garden um this is the bathroom I like
the country doors toilet I'm gonna sighs
this place you can have a shindig in
here oh look it's like a telephone check
it out okay hello this is the master
bedroom which mm-hmm it's kind of unique
because it opens the front of the house
we got a driveway let the sides of our
driveway or it's facing that's our the
king free a free little car alright more
storage space that'll be good places
when we're hiding an RV and Cena and now
oh yeah everything's tiled is all you
know this is the study this is my room
we're done Oh
ice cream alvey's you know ago when
they're bold yeah I like it actually
this is probably where I will not be
allowed to put any of my stuff no your
clothes before you go in there and then
my new boiler what's that mean I'm gonna
put my corner office here my corner desk
thing there I'll put the screen here a
desk here I got the window this is the
back garden guys hello Joe this is
already meeting is Mark
oh don't was is Mark okay come on guys
they're gonna come and put a big bend's
up there security guys but it'll be like
two weeks away yeah I know yeah we
showed this place we did show really
quickly and we highlighted the other
place way more than we hide out of this
place yay this isn't the walk guys this
is your home your home is the walk walk
ease and huh we could take them for a
walk around the heart
really yeah show them the area let them
mark their territory oh we're five
minutes and obvious made a new friend
father he's your friend huh he's your
new friend he says we should okey hey
Marley oh and couldn't no boy is it he's
not oh that's what I'll be and him get
along I want them to be off now I'm just
nervous no see we're we're we're like
we're like the new people around here
with the dogs on and it work tonight
that whatever just let them around ha
now text me for gonna be late we've made
some friends already
it's 0.8 events around the corner dude
followed us home and hold us an entire
states made like best friends already
ibn Sina now Aldi's not used to that at
all like that to him is like danger like
you just he couldn't understand why he
liked her all these kids and they were
all on top of him and like he freaked
out
you have to understand Alby is like
nervous of everything that's why
everybody's comments they're like well
LD I'll be so cute yeah I'll be probably
very horrible when you actually meet him
in person because he just doesn't like
other people ever since his icing
happened
he's been so nervous of everything any
sparks all the time Sina was in her
element all the kids were picking her up
like after her around she was like the
new toy and she loves kids she loves
people she's perfect
I they have a little daughter and then
the dog called money but Alfie was just
so scared and at the very end he claimed
it was okay
but like I thought he was going to
attack them at some stage but they
didn't start there he was horrible but
they were just like it was at a Polish
girl a girl from Cork girl from Nigeria
Nigeria yeah it was like what a
collection of people like yeah they're
really cute and um I'd actually said to
the Polish girl I was like Oh Cheston
belbridge she's like she seen it so well
hey how many people can take that well I
was like I think of the you guys yeah
they're really cute and it was so cute
because they were like I'm seven I'm
eight I'm nine and then they were like
how old are you I was like 23 and
they're all like oh yeah a little-little
is the smallest I was like I really like
your outfit your shoes they were cute
and they like stood in our driveway
yeah hang in there yeah hop wherever so
I think that hopefully I'll be will get
used to like other people he's just so
bad around other people
doesn't get it thinks everyone's going
to attack him rip out as I rip out his
ear and you just think that everyone's
out to get him and at the very end I
could tell like they were chasing him
around if he was like barking but you
can tell you what I mean by having fun
he was kind of having fun and then he
just be like you could just tell by his
the way he was acting that he was kind
of unsure whether to bark or just like
how fun like it was really nice so
hopefully by the end of this stint here
like six months or whatever he'll be
fully like socialized and okay with
other people think so far exact total
awesome like very good like I'm not
really happy that we went with the
bungalow after all because well if you
read my blog they'll know
my feelings we're about the whole thing
and I'm just I think it's more us yeah
that's I think you know where some day
we went there I had all these good vibes
I walked in and I saw with you're seeing
now and I was like oh my god I love this
place but you know you're thinking
that we needed a house that was like
felt like we needed a big place as like
newlyweds to move into and like I was
just thinking when you're like standard
kind of you know but actually we're not
like that at all so
it's silly to kind of go along with what
you think is right or like expected of
you then to just do what you actually
want and what's right for you so but I'm
just so happy that the dogs will have
like people to play with and like a new
friend and just a nice like adorable
you're like going the wrong way I want
to go back
but they also eat eat dinner because I
have Atari come on the moving diet it's
awesome you just don't need anything
yeah get a little bit dizzy yellow hi
it's got a lot of fun but it's not
recommended
