oh my goodness yesterday's video I
thought the count was like you worried I
thought we broke in the camera when I
was editing it this morning so you might
have noticed yesterday's video the
annotation of like don't try fiddle with
your computer's it's not you it's me
so unfortunately I actually record like
over an hour on the boat but I ended up
just being a 20-minute video because it
just it just got worse so it was raining
as we were filming you know but I was
like well that's it what could possibly
go wrong
that could go wrong the speaker's got
wet water somehow got into the speakers
and and well that was the end of that -
Kwazii and oh dad so we are heading out
to see your house oh yes talk to my
friend iou's the guy is all the
confusion has been sorted that
everything's great with shake hands we
kissed we made out we're friends now yo
we're like home dogs we like high-five
each other now you see each other
not quite but it's going to be down to
this we're going to CD I'm gonna learn
and we are going to see a house this is
it's either gonna be one or the other we
got to both to the same price and that's
it it's at it like we're gonna go there
now we're gonna make our decision and
we're probably gonna move tomorrow what
yeah I think say well actually no right
move tomorrow we're gonna sign the lease
tomorrow and we're gonna have it
tomorrow and then I know when we're
gonna move it's it's like so weird it's
all happening so fast it's all happening
so fast I haven't got time to really
experience I miss you I miss you more
all the times we had door the kind of
cool if I had a whole production team
because then I'd be like okay guys at
that point I want you to cook too and
it's like music playing like I'm all the
vlogs over the last like 411 days or 410
days that I've had me and the door and
like you know all right hold the door
it does cover 70 i but yeah would that
be really cool so am should i can ply
for a job it's an on page jump
internship that's what they call them
I think everyone's doing it now if you
don't pay for an employee just offer
them an internship it seems to be like
oh yeah well we have an internship
position going it's like what that's a
job like job so yeah go instead of
seeing all the other thing I wanted to
just point out pretty quickly darn
Stingley is that not not many people
that I haven't said anything about the
t-shirts but to people I think have
twittered me and Facebook me a couple of
times and I'm just like guys like the
whole teacher thing it's like it's going
to be slow because it's true us and just
so you know like and everyone has fought
the teachers less than half the people
have actually paid for them you know so
it's not like everyone is paid for it
and I'm like holding out I'm not at all
like less than half the people are
actually I've only received payment like
bar two people I pay PayPal so that's
like about maybe like 30 percent and
people have bought the reviews paypal
that's great and I'm sorry you caught up
but unless I meet the minimum need and
the printers I weren't able to go so I
can't just do those people because I
won't
I won't meet the minimum needs or the
printers and then they're gonna like
ridiculously charge me or I can go okay
well I'll just go and get all the
teachers that no one's pay for but then
that's kind of crazy
does either I know people I think I'm
gonna send the money I have no idea
so I can only do what I can do so the
eBay thing as soon as eBay things ends
whenever whatever I have Dan ender
that's how many I'm gonna get I'm
feeling like a couple of days left so
hopefully you got it'll all get sorted
really soon but I just wanted to say
that because people keep emailing I'm
like don't you watch the blockages when
I say these things like you're gonna see
it we're gonna go to repeal box were in
a huge box of t-shirts we're gonna be
like yeah or if you excuse me if you
actually am Botwin and said like I'll
send your money and stuff and you could
do that it'll be awesome
I'll be cool
right right let's go let's go get our
let's get our house hunting on yo Oh No
I'm in a forest so guys it is done it
has done diddly done zeroes besides
there's flies right here we are we could
go in today we like the keys today well
nothing I will not too much to do plus I
gotta go see the dentist Co because I'm
getting the final real crown or what are
my duties because the thing I have it
now isn't actually real it's like an
illusion
you're just deluding yourself that it's
there so I got to go there and then we
got to move everything and stuff so
we'll probably collect the keys tomorrow
and stuff you know plus the new my pack
for black ops comes out today and you
know I've got investment annihilation is
out but look look at this 2% 50 Meg's
like hundred thousand gig and a half
like oh I want to play you but this is
taking so long three percent fifty one
mega I wasn't like a Megan hours oh man
should be a mega second oh my life is
over
time to go to the dentist E ah that
smells good have some coffee
I really don't know well thanks
I just breasted my painted it guys are
the Russia teeth we got a dentist it's
just a polite thing to do haha right I'd
be off now I should come back and I
shall be permanently crowned as your
royal highness
okay feel free to blog you don't weirdo
I got a new Tootsie I got a new Tootsie
I what do you think guys this one's
better I think it is better than the
other one it doesn't look a steak like
it looks more real like high high cuz
you know it's like just coloring anyway
this is like fully white now and like
proper pearly white yo ha ha and I
didn't get numbed up whoa I can talk
I've never gone to the dentist and not
get numbed up I was terrible I always
just went to the dentist when I was in
pain or something I go but now I'm
trying to be good yo I'm trying to go to
the dentist like a proper dentista
person and not getting numb I really
like those people in their affairs
really nice she owns the place
yeah let's go homie oh is now time is it
so much to do so much to do so much to
say just don't know if I can get away
hey guys we have to take a picture of
Albie and Cena for a pause when we told
you why I got pause the charity pause
letter e check him out donate what you
can
they Gina the girl who runs it asked us
I'll be and Cena want to be in the
calendar for next year what lb and Cena
gonna be on a calendar but gotta take a
photograph using the 550 G or after 50
ml f 1.2 just in case you're interested
in those kind of speculations specular
spectators okay
god you're such a diva V need to see
what mommy okay you can cut me anything
okay here's ready for your photo now I
understand when they say never work with
children or animals
my goodness that was tough wasn't this
yeah it was very hard to get them why do
you need to do what you're told
mm-hmm oh you guys we got a picture
we got one picture we took about about a
zillion pictures we got one picture
hopefully we got one picture
we'll bring it upstairs we'll fix it up
now will we mmm would you like that you
put me in a calendar no we can't live
applause give up on the internet in our
house I've got my little package here
I'm adding over to Mama's dollars you
know what happen right I was just
bringing us down the stairs and this
thing opened did she know the
PlayStation has like an SD card slot and
stuff hey no idea she actually opened
never what else opens in this thing so
there's a little secret so don't know
about
isn't that crazy about Playstations for
so long and I never knew Oh won't figure
out what's the pro thing for what does
that even mean SD cards CF card holy
crap holy I never knew that knows
everything that crazy how much you got
three of these upstairs now what so I
wanted to play anihilation blast me to
get Sims oh this Joey
hi Joey Joey's a Westie okay over Mama's
diners
now I was getting 1.3 Meg which is the
one here connection download again so
1.3 I was getting in my 8 Meg line lies
all lies
let's have a look see what you'd be
seeking out from me thirteen point seven
Meg down two points that may go like
come on that's ridiculous
that is why I come here guys that is
crazy but yes do you think do your
business do your business
look at those megabytes copy those
megabytes get you go slowpoke pieces
pieces big hunk and that's me is again
what's low-fat big hunger swedish fish
from America that just doesn't make any
sense
mousou supreme that's that squid peeler
Oh
squid what is it oh no you can have them
I have a bucket I'm at home I love
banners and huh that's funny yeah where
is she
if emma is in Newport Rhode Island and
you guys have in Newport Rhode Island
say you know Gemma you're in Polish
bread bread this is it translated
handmade in iron oh my god we still love
that old right
do you like the gun stores I wonder when
we're moving and we're in our new place
is it gonna be like a Tesco or is it
gonna be like a ton stores a good idea
yes sir whoo which one will be closer to
but when will we be venturing Lee
a scone is gone get them everyone we
ever Weis going better coffee guys right
but look at this one have you ever had
jambo republic moco centro oh that FedEx
pretty serious and he's signed it as
well now that's pretty good isn't it
maybe is there any other options
monkey Express do you get it
let's do it I don't think so Nina I
think this is a bit ridiculous
oh hey you know we should do we move
into our new place what if we just get
rid of all the plates that we have and
we just find like paper plates and paper
cups every day contribute to ruining
look let me just throw them out of the
game watch it yeah okay no one's being
guys actually was in the vlog the last
time we were here and we got the cookies
and cream all just those banana looks
like okay not seem like are you chasing
hair I was like
thank you yeah recently I've gotten into
this show called Teen Mom and it is so
good like I never even realized hell
like when people are we talking about
ever like whitey watch up I could so
crap because I thought that they changed
like people every time like that the
moms would change and realize it was
do you want to change Tigger anyways no
I thought it was like different people
each time this was like that's gonna
board like remember that show made I
actually thought it was like that show
made excite I'm Jillian and I have a
baby and this is my boyfriend Frank
different every time but it's actually
they follow the same like for four or
five people and it's really really good
oh my god but it's really like it
not that it puts you off having babies
but like if you're a teenager and you're
even thinking about it like it would
totally put you off
maybe that's all a point yeah I think it
might be because it's so sad like their
lives are like not ruined because you
know you can come back from it but it
kind of is like they don't have a
teenage hood mhm
anymore teenagehood childhood than our
children their team's adolescence is
probably the best word galaxia childhood
being a just tell your childhood yeah no
but they don't have it anymore except to
grow up so fast some of them lose their
friends like just really sad like did
you guys watch that show who's your
favorite if you do want to show who's
your favorite and who do you hate the
most what about the girl that beat up
her boyfriend I know he's just telling
you like that and then she's going to
court no but you should have seen it
it's like they're like when they show us
a fight like you know she actually like
she hits him and and he's like this
massive guy like he's really big that's
what I don't understand and he doesn't
like he's just like whatever no she she
like hits him she's like like that you
know and I'm like what that's not that
bad like where they're arresting of that
I mean she just like punches him in the
face like it's so terrible like I would
not do that to anyone like even like a
big and he's clearly he just don't like
dopey the whole time he was like is he
like you know in jerseylicious the ones
boyfriend no he's very different to that
but ya know it's different
like I don't know he's he's just but
then he's kind of bad as well cuz he
just doesn't care about anything
yeah I don't care so I think that's
probably why she MTV Co for all the
shows MTV came up with newlyweds back in
the day when everyone was like this is a
crazy idea MTV came up with Jersey Shore
MTV came up with dead of teenage
pregnancy teen path same TV the hills
the hills and he became a short sweet 16
they did the original kerry Katona that
was an mtv one yeah MTV presents this
Taccone Johnny we need to get on TV
MTV nobody would like it us anymore
become or something yeah because you'd
probably have to do horrible things to
break it reading and you'd have to have
a baby
yeah with al be hosting a sweet 16 on
ashore in the hills afternoon perfect
show let's pitch it yeah yeah look I
just came back here look what it's got
98% Oh
all right ease are we excited you
excited Anna yeah yeah my God we're
gonna coach you the all night long
somebody left me a thing on Facebook and
said to me um I was looking ping or
painting
I think it's ping and you guys know what
it means because someone else on her
knee was like yeah he is looking Peng
and I was like I don't know where to say
it screw you or Thanks I'm kind of
confused if you know what Peng means
leave me some me some comments me miss
opinions and that means humans gonna
zoom women's Noah okay thanks I am so
excited look at this like this is where
we started with keno and in five and a
dead ops and inoculated never dog did
she know that arise ascension but and
now oh boy zo
Oh easy Oh Ohio oh my goodness
I am excited I am forgetting Ryder just
waiting for people to come into the
lobby people downloaded to play with me
I want to pay but I have no friends
yeah come on whoa I have a friend in my
lobby
finally oh look at that
what's that oh my goodness oh look at
the way they all fall down and
everything what's gonna happen
I know waiting connected come on what
wow look at this place
OMG oh whatever that's cool any guns
right here
no no going on and no gunnery oh cool
uh-oh Oh monkey hello little monkey
hello little monkey
are you my friend you're a friendly
monkey oh he does nothing your friend a
monkey I kinda get a teeth in the front
of them oh sorry monkey oh my god this
is the best thing ever oh oh we lost
them I didn't come with man I was deadly
Oh No
what's happened Oh No
ah we're doing so there's trains there's
water slides
ah no Liam no lease no Liam drinky
drinky drink ease oh yeah
it's a little baby one that's gone now
oh it's awesome turn them on little kids
that is a crazy oh by though the new
black ops mat back is awesome awesome
okay let me try out the skon
oh look it's all tiny I could just sort
an array see oh I think it needs them
some Jim Jam I think we got Jim Jam oh
look at this one
ooh strawberry strawberry Jim jams the
best no matter sugar mm-hmm I think I
should chop it in half though I'm gonna
put in the Beco slicer can bagel slicer
slice stones except for the instructions
on that scones it's strawberry jam oh
yeah
middle of a good bit of strawberry jam
that's done
oh yeah oh I do now did you I'll be
do you like a skull in the shadow hubby
you're in the shadow of life in the
shadow oh oh give boy Ally
Nona you don't want to skim no special
is that sometimes raisins at noon which
are kind of like grapes
let's take us upstairs let's enjoy it
responsibly
