penn state representing yo i love this
t-shirt love this t-shirt like this penn
state t-shirts like the white it fits
well on my body it's good on my body
which one my body it is Anna's name date
today
like an Italian custom although I think
someone left me a Twitter actually said
it was also a Polish thing so do you
have name days in your country if so let
me know leave me a comment and leave me
a comment I mean a month it your main
days on but what you can't get a card
for a name day though if you get like a
birthday or a some sort of a date huh
maybe just like your generic buying key
card and I would be sure what kind of
thing you get for you name gay st.
islands day that's what it is today
have you say that as day it's actually
quite difficult but I do like this one
it's got googly eyes and all you can do
is like if you just scribble out the
bird part and they just have put a name
alright this one new GI Joe cards inside
how does it sound like what
only get it like a My Little Pony ah
over this and look if you're special
have a magical thing birthday oh my god
I'm totally getting her that one look
I'm gonna get it out what isn't that so
cool cuz it looks kind of like her well
notice inside her hair it doesn't look
like her but it's so ridiculous I'm
gonna totally get this one it's a buddy
man I'm also gonna remember the envelope
this time we can't remember and the
proposal one where I tried to do the
whole misdirection thing what I totally
forgot to actually put up the envelope
so here's my trick right I got two of
the same soups creamy tomato and basil
creamy tomato basil because I can put
both of them into the pot who isn't it
cool I can put both of them into the pot
like that and then some nice nutty nutty
bread it's for dipping just in case you
didn't know dippy dipper Sion's and
cooking the soup each new person cooking
the soup piece to person would you like
some soup
please to person do like some soup piece
to present a pink piece to person
kingless sink piece to person with
boiling like bubble is nicely tossed it
nicely toasting all right the poles got
everything down let's check that off
stereos stereos hop hop hop hop gravity
patios there's a lot of oohs did you
want lunch to Mimi's I thought I was
just making it for me I thought you'd
make yours afterwards sorry
I didn't think you wanted some ice tits
now I don't huh Cena's looking at my
writing isn't very good believe me
that's so cute like the card little
princess one yeah I couldn't find the
name day one so oh no I had to get a
birthday one but I thought the little
princess one was the cutest one okay I
love you I love you
we're going to do out for picks of the
day about fit picks up today perfect
right there through the stairs now our
against the wall okay
yeah it's a bit of shadow
that's kind of cool at the Polo not
gonna go for that
all right let's take a few shots did you
go down escalator come and see these
pictures okay nobody told me that the
Mediterranean had moved to outside my
front door do we think it's hot this
morning this is crazy
but I'm not complaining Bri complaining
I'll be oh it is so nice this is a July
day this is what July days are supposed
to be like I love we could replace all
that seaweed with sand that would be
that would be totally awesome when the
guys look at them look at my baby
hmm my two babies and my baby present he
he just wanted to play
he came jumping up to me he's too fast
what is that where did you come from
it was a huge like golden retrievers the
government
yeah he's huge II just came right
darting down on top of them like and
jumped in the water and jump back out no
is it all happened too fast I'll be
didn't have time to react now right Abby
hubby over here
our time here has come twins though will
still come here to the walk it's not
that far you know well maybe we'll find
a new walk a new place because swimmer
and we're and dog who is always good a
captain teeny park you know we talk
probably thought we'd never see another
place like having TD park you know and
then we find this place and now we
always come here and this has become our
new place and as much as you think like
oh my tan find somewhere as nice is this
you probably will like you know in our
said place our area of living and
livability area so you know what you
doing do not you bother really
hmm can I have some toe jam you're
picking an empire self no it's just like
the parts around you there's a huge what
won't come off or anything what the hell
was that it was like stuck to me how was
that I actually jumped up too fast I can
see stars I always thought that was in
the cartoons and there are kids you know
you can see stars
you actually can if you jump up quick
enough yeah how was that one like crap
I'm I turn into fly man that's a
spider-man was born then I could be a
superhero would you let me if I was a
superhero if you were a superhero what
superhero power would you like
invincibility or immortality
invisibility hmm I think being able to
fly will be totally awesome you know you
know fly anywhere in the world just at
any moment just like take off and fly
away I'll be totally cool like a
Petrelli if you were a superhero that's
the question of today right leave me
some comments if you were a superhero
you only have one power okay you can't
have you can't have a Peter Petrelli
power where you can have any perish one
you can have one specific power leave me
a comment and let me know what power you
would have you know and would you be
good or what you would be evil say like
flying evil no I wouldn't be evil but
you know I'd be good the awesome man if
I could fly that good like come on I
still meet up in uh in Las Vegas grab
your hand off we go no need for a pass
no need for a passport anymore we should
totally in that buy stocks and shares in
flying people we will call the company
Icarus can't possibly go wrong well make
any sense you can't be any closer than
like that high like where the atmosphere
anything you pretty much the top of a
cliff I think they made that up
metrology why would you study something
that begins with MIT that begins with
made up I've got a degree in made-up
nism PA honors and Jo fees geophysicist
geology and basically the exam questions
are used you just you just make up any
questions and you make up any answer you
just put pretty much put whatever you
want that's it you get graded and you're
more like creative is that let's say you
get graded at moving back superhero
comment oh goodness you've actually mud
all over you Oh some shade I swear to
goodness like all I'm wearing is t-shirt
in shorts and I am swell tollis it's
well tony moly holy Julie Finlay I like
running between the shade like the time
with the rain just bask in her up and
you guys live in sorrento is this how
hot it is like or does it get hotter or
didn't you guys live where else whereas
Trento like Naples oh hey but I mean
like zinnia were there now what is
anyone there now okay okay scratch that
okay if you leave that comment I will
delete it I thirty degrees Oh Oh what's
this 2020 is it twenty degrees holy crap
oh my goodness if this is 20 it's like
one double this or something oh my
goodness but today see and you guys live
in Naples or Sorrento leave me a comment
because I am curious I'm going to draw
Ana over the cliff here okay is anyone
have any last words to say this is the
clip here okay now
am ia fatso no I will show you after one
day you know and then you'll be sorry
Valera
mondaya go on my is it that's full of
bees is it Henry Heuser did I grow
butterflies I should get a hot girl
plant it affects the hot girls it is
hilarious
Oh Larry Larry Larry is her again for
munchies a bunch of the quantities hmm I
know I did you got anything
no it's not like two things for lunch
and that's it I was like you get on the
car did you guys know I forgot do you
get some nice dinner you know
no I forgot
oh the Tesco we go today after the Tesco
we go home watch out for the traffic is
that gonna run you over and your toe oh
come along now let the motorway the way
of the motor-boat aureus way oh my God
look there's a Smurfs movie yeah it's
moving it's magical it's magical
I know people afraid the eternally
wanted to change the ones yeah these are
the ones actually move up oh yeah yeah
it's like it's looking at meat you guys
remember the Smurfs
that's a my animation thing crystal Oh
the guitar one's kind of open you want
the open one I'm gonna go with the Polo
Marco
hmm look at the way the popcorn is it's
always like on there here I don't off
inside
between anyone just a regular right
little popcorn in the bag now well next
we're to Watson dr. Watson we get to
doctor
oh crap with no treats a treat in their
testing oh my God look it's actually no
juice section ah the crazy chocolate
dream cake it's still a much stuff sad
way 45 cent on a nigga know alright
there's no way Six Vegas today pizza
pasta fight Apollo pizza pasta fighter
and people apiece the Popeye it's it the
oven I watch my eye I want my polar
pizza I'm a fool or a piece of - goodbye
