goodness it is cutting it close you know
this Friday we're supposed to move in to
a new place like that was the agreement
but obviously as mostly you know now
they decided to just willy-nilly give it
away to somebody else which leaves us
kind of in a conundrum you know I'm like
we went here today look and I just
haven't got the heart or the energy or
the passion to go look at anything
anymore you know
and then there's genoa member the Bond
girl
you know the butler we had to see that
day that was the confusion because they
put us down on a bungalow not a
three-bed bungalow was a two-bed but
it's fully detached its grand I liked it
I was happy enough with it and I just
didn't really like it as much no sis you
wanted a tree back but I wasn't that
pushed on a tree back but considering
that push this into planning our super
awesome trip of the century I was like
well maybe I should just come back at
them about the bungalow but I should
come back at them and like a really
really low offer
and just see if they bite on it you know
because it's being there no one's taking
it I was thinking like why are you just
like trolled audubon see the dog takes
the bottom and then maybe cuz I'd be
kind of Awesome
like not even a potato not even a french
fry we're talking like the skin of a
half of potato not even cooked there's
some sort of an alien has taken over
Anna seriously I think like a brain
snatcher I snuck into our house and
stole that Anna because look at this
carry on what's going on here you will
fit into your wedding dress you will be
doing this
that's what Albright's to do I'm not
marrying no no poaching magorium I want
to swim Jim I'm running away because I
am NOT doing that no wait oh ha ha ha
has to einen home got it papa island
Buddha I am hungry starving I'm going to
fall down and fate I don't have some
munchies I'm probably gonna get my
rating just somebody beaten to death
cause that's what don't look a little
laugh Monday's for breakfast s I'm like
I do like the sausages but I don't know
that's right Zach when I did the
proposal talk have to start a video that
just over there I got some neutral
brings it's the strawberry ones are 12
with the Apple iron sixes but it's like
an extra zero for twice
I don't know if I like the struggle
under the struggle I'll get them anyway
life is everything you could do several
things with we're gonna meet in the room
but they like a little tight everything
I got and of that one then I get this
one
sweet chilly one they look cool
hopefully the taste is nice as they look
holy as always with these freaking
things Oh
microwave I've got some micro knowing
you so I've got a screw right you know
our last pot okay I found at our last
punch just make a black bits somebody's
burned our last pot that's it folks for
POTUS or PAC laughs we have no parties
pots are a no Liam I get my massive pot
for my little anxiety I give an alert I
carry one because I'm more of a chili
fan anyway so look at the size of my big
part of my little amount I think you
know I started cooking I can put it back
a little pot so it acts as like a little
pot hmm pasta tossed II what makes you
think of other people I don't know I was
thinking about this one is walking my
fantastico but it's too windy to
actually say anything but I was like
because I'm walking along I can't like
them but my grandfather um he passed
away in 2002 every he is always walk
around like an ever you'd see him he
always like I always feel like see the
girls are like one thing you know and
they're always going to hear him or by
smell and @pipe you ever smell a pipe
smoke you know not the bowl pipe smoke
talking about old man tobacco pipe smoke
there's something about it like it's so
nice for cigars always money with my dad
because he always spoke cigars and pipes
are my my grandfather but they're poor
you know what's there do you guys have
it like that that remind you of other
people they're alive or are passed away
you know well yeah it sounds funny okay
this is fizzling no it didn't come with
instructions
just put it in a microwave for four
minutes what's the equivalent from
microwaving time for a pot so I come
downstairs and I'm about to make my
lunch and there's this camera have the
five cameras like right here in the
counter and like everything set up for
me and I'm like findit me blog more what
do you guys think but these are actually
really cool Jonathan got C's we saw them
yesterday we were gonna get them for
dinner but then I looked at the bathroom
the calories were like very low for
dinner like it will be okay for a lunch
or like a snack or something maybe a
little snack but like lunch
rather than dinner and yeah that they
look pretty cool they're quite innocent
to do the smoothies it looks like and
this is the thigh curry veg pot they're
called veg pots so they're all
vegetarian and they're just all
different like I got this cycle everyone
and dies on about the sweet chili one
and it's just a really good way I think
for people that don't like cooking or
don't like I don't know buying a lot of
like I'm so bad like I just never buy
like ingredients because they always go
off because there's only two of us and
Jonathan doesn't like a lot of things
that I like and it's just complicated
but um it's a good way for people that
are like to eat their vegetables in so
and it says on them that there's three
portions of veg
so I'm guessing like three of your five
a day or whatever means right but um
yeah this looks really cool so it looks
pretty so I can't wait to eat this and
oh yeah I worked out this morning I
actually worked out a couple of days ago
and then I was really sore after and I
kind of like I didn't give up but I just
wanted like a few days of rest because I
haven't worked it like properly now in a
few days or in a few days more like a
few years in like two years or something
I haven't worked it so like properly you
know like consistently like I've been
going actually my fitness level is
pretty good because we've been going for
so many walks like I walk the dogs every
single day and it's not like a slow like
Leslie walk unless Jonathan is blogging
but it's usually like put a quick walk
so that's good because my fitness level
is actually pretty high like it's for
somebody that I mean I don't go to the
gym or anything but um I just wanted to
connect hold up for the wedding and
everything so I started working out
again and I did it a few days ago on
with restore for ages and then I did it
again this morning so I'm gonna try and
slowly build up to like three to five
times a week like I used to do it like
every single day but I think five times
a week is good but yeah so I'm gonna try
and slowly build that up and see how I
go well you get a past airport a pasta
pasta pasta porte√±o ragu sauce pasta
Porta which one like a pasta poor time
in nuptial Chocula so the taco last
centra the top elastic Center oh no hey
he's a light breaker what's the noise oh
the real nice finger right here gift
card all wishy-washy watches
nice eyes blueberry muffin eyes and then
the smokey eye a blue smokey eye can
smoke people oh that's for me
green for me ring for me and green for
you every block in this place much
because we never really come here much
actually this place was like old okay AC
going there all the time because they
have a free wireless depending knocked
it down and rebuilt but it's still in
the same place so secondly I feel
wonderful
it's be a pet store here as well many
boots
oh this one here this one here is this
one
hello seven-year-old me put notes in no
no point on the insert coin protesting
their claims oh so stupid dude it's my
bag again ready
nice you're smart you know
please insert the correct coins to start
thank you clean selective color or a
black-and-white photo thank you please
ensure a person is flown through the
choose between an and a portrait or 16
many photos ID please enough chosen an
ID photo your photograph is about to be
taken
ready yeah me too
won the crown of your head to your chin
must fit within the markers on the
screen if you would like to print this
picture please pressing that button
I'd like to retake your picture please
press the try again yeah okay think so
you guys okay guys like I said something
about the hot hand to your chin must be
put in the markers on the screen oh yeah
yeah you'd only like to print this
picture
crazy if you would like have me take
your pictures clicking button I'm
serious I wouldn't make it off time
smiles for everyone these days your foot
is about to be taken
ready 3 2 1
the crown of your head to your chin must
fit within the markers on screen so do
you like to keep this picture please
press I can't smile could be better
chose your hands is about to be taken
ready 3 2
one the crown of your head to better
must I really dream and like over your
anything what about the Cooper's picture
please thank you I miss food no I think
you're making that up
better not be like I felt like he was a
pretty grumpy I like a smiley picture
look better in smiley pictures look 45
seconds we should time it
it's breath that's crap man can smile in
the picture so why what difference could
it make me this manner here that I've
heard things so ridiculous but you have
to have like a seriously
if you're wrong for ten years
the photograph is now ready thank you
for using this part of the house
good luck it's nice but it looks like
you've got gray hair even wanna bring a
ladder of gray hair or something but
it'd be good there was like a fastest
later and a slow escalators like the
best thing you get on but it's like at
your own risk
it's like really really fast
like oh you played with me please hold
onto the handrails caution moving
surface you holding on we were thinking
of looking at this place that at it's
down the road here you know and I was
like come on we'll swing by and have a
look at it and we're driving through the
gates and they just realized it's on an
actual Cemetery
like it's on a cemetery and it's part of
a church
imagine the middle of the night we're
now being seen or been out for their
peepees or something i and they
disappear off into a graveyard in the
middle of the night and they come back
with some sort of a femur or a bone or
something
it means like oh no I don't know if I
want to live there okay I've seen Buffy
the Vampire Slayer I know what happens
so now we're going to the Garda Station
Jonathan has to get his passport for
himself so sup I'm a citizen passport
gonna use a black pen filling out the
form we don't have any blue pens so we
have this one it's a bit rugged even now
we got to drive over to mama starlight
and see if we can get a black pen so you
can't smile in her pictures and the form
has to be filled out with a black pen
there's a lot of bureaucracy Plus no
Garda Station has a black pen they're
only issued with blue pens what got Anna
filling out my passport form because
she's got the good handwriting who
feature this yeah take this take this
look at lookie look or some man here
this guy look at me when I was there ten
years ago
compared to this guy here now well
there's four of them well yeah look I
just read their thing you're not that
smile you're not let frown you're not
any expressions or anything like that
that's so crazy
what
passport I I say we make a stand
happy passports for the win accompany
the letting agency that were we were
going to go with between main syllables
I don't really know they double booked
John Murray that listen you they
double-booked us and this other like
family or whatever I don't know on the
house that we wanted so we were like
about to move in and then I went and I
found all the stuff like I went to look
at the heads and welcome to my mom and
then there was somebody else's stuff in
there then it turned out that they
understand for a different I was which
we clearly said in the beginning that we
didn't want we wanted the sect like the
the big one oh my god
and now this is hers but this is one day
we found this out on Thursday and
Wednesday night Wednesday night we were
called on Thursday he said he'd call him
on Friday which he didn't and then this
is Monday now and Jonathan has called
the guy like so many times today and
they're avoiding our calls they're
pretending that we don't exist and like
all we want to say is like okay we'll
take the one that we didn't want
initially because we have to move in a
week no this Friday this movie we have
to move and it's Monday and like it
closes it's 10:00 to 5:00 it closes the
office closes at 5:00 how can they do
this like it's so horrible what they do
they got nothing you got the bank yeah
he was at lunch he's at the bank he was
on the phone who's busy whatever he'll
call you back
no I mean call back it's so ridiculous
like the mo I don't even care about the
house anymore I would move into a Shack
but I actually do not care I just we
need to move out of this place by Friday
and the emotional stress that they've
put us through like all weekend long I
was so stressed about it I was so upset
because like at the end of the day we're
not getting at least that we wanted and
he was there when we said it all like
you guys were there even it just seems
so crazy what they're doing like they
can't possibly do this like that's just
rude
people's I cower away
you know I yeah just pick up the phone
you know what I mean just answer phone
all you have to do to save me because he
he thinks that because he said to me on
Thursdays right I'll call you back in a
few minutes I think there's another
place obviously he wasn't enough to get
the other place but he's too afraid you
call me back to tell me that but you're
better off calling me back and telling
me that because everything every minute
that you don't call me back it's me more
angry yeah plus we paid our deposit at
the stage like yeah we're not ready for
the money
which is so insane and it's a small
business it's two people it's not that
difficult to like pass on a message you
know it's so annoying like it I'm just
so angry at the stage and I'm so I just
want to convey to them how much
emotional stress you they put us under
it's like I don't even care about the
house I'm just like why did you do that
because it made me very upset we're
supposed to be getting married in like a
month
Oh people I know what are we gonna do
are you gonna and the Rose hasn't get to
PBS okay what are you gonna do with the
dogs say hi give me some chicken okay
I'm just so annoyed that that happened
like that this is happening ongoing and
that it won't get sorted out like all
you have to do it answer the phone can't
believe they're doing this like I'm so
angry and everyone I say it to is all is
like oh my god I cannot believe number
one they double-booked you with some
other people and number two that they're
avoiding you now and it's like because
these places are closed at the weekends
we had a whole weekend of just nothing
with no resolving anything just like
waiting so crap anyways oh so jonathan
is just gonna get his PPS number because
we don't have he didn't have that on him
and we didn't know that we needed that
and then there's the stress as well oh
my god it's so crazy but don't freak out
or anything but Jonathan's passport is
out of date obviously that's why we're
getting a new one and it says that
there's some Express passport thing that
you can get where it takes ten working
days which is two weeks I think yeah
yeah that's pretty much two weeks I
and um apparently there's like a backlog
and like loads of people are pretty
freaky you couldn't even know there's a
backlog and loads of people are getting
passports done so apparently it's taking
three weeks instead of two which is
insane
so and we have four weeks to the wedding
a little bit over I would say like maybe
five weeks to the wedding
four or five weeks to the wedding yeah
it's not like it's not an emergency yet
so oh my god I just spot that's gross
but so that just makes things even more
stressful but I'm trying not to stress
out about it because he will look at his
passport like there's no doubt in my
mind that that that he won't because I
mean it's like six weeks away or five
weeks away so it's it's not stuff four
or five weeks away so it's not that big
of a deal what Jonathan's giving the
dogs cherry tomatoes that's what he was
trying to say to me from the window
again they're getting cherry tomatoes it
was so funny anyways um so yeah I'm just
trying not to stress out about it cuz
I'm winning wait who's just about
everything and I know he will get his
passport like there's no way that he
can't get it I'm trying so it's fine but
it's just this letting agency is like
really pissing me off right now so I
hate you letting agency very much so so
we have to actually you have to go back
to mama stylist as because I got my PBS
number but then I forgot to get a black
pen so I could write by PBS no more in
the forum so we're back at the Garda
Station but I pen in hand just engage
there's extra niggly biggley's and I
hope this is it probably we park in the
carpark where it's going to run
I know we'd be good movie good fun cuz
everyone got time to go in a car park in
park the cars we're just gonna try and
run this way instead I can see it's
getting before the close the door and it
kind of kick yeah I hope so
he said they'll together by the
fifteenth of all this Quran that is the
latest he was yeah yeah oh my god
cutting it tight but it's done see oh
she was really nice Wellington yeah I
could shoot some like she's like I was
like joking like oh that's my wedding or
anything you know she's like and then
she's like that's that's such a man who
still give it to the last moment that's
what we do keep our ladies on their toes
I mean it's one day and one day's
usually have pasta because it's like the
start of the week so you kind of want
something like pretty easy I'm not
really sure why but just always it's
always been usually pasta on Mondays
because it's like you're so tired after
like the day I don't home and you're
just getting over the weekend so yeah
we're making pasta and I'm not even
making like proper we're not like proper
pasta when I might be like cooking it
completely myself I'm actually just
doing 20 which take like four minutes to
boil so you do that with some haste Oh
which I hope there's enough because I
took some yesterday for my sandwich and
I think I'll put in some tomorrow as
well just very lazy dinner
we have parmesan - but yeah maybe I'll
just implants a nicely on top of that
nice move and Johnson's upstairs playing
his new PlayStation games that he bought
I don't know which one it is or anything
like that but he seems to be pretty
intrigued by it
because he's been playing it pretty much
since we got home and yeah so I just
wrote a blog post on I kind of like
vented on like what we're going through
with the whole letting agency and stuff
and I actually got a good few of you
commented with your your own like
experiences of letting agents and some
of them are really like horror stories
so that made me feel a lot better
actually you know sad for you guys that
were affected by that kind of stuff but
I'd always makes me feel better to know
that we're not the only ones being like
screwed over
but still it's about it's a really crap
situation to be in
anyways I'm trying to like fuck I think
it just likes to me yeah I just sliced
through a tornado
let me just do this and then yeah I just
need to stop plugging right now can I
bring this up to Jonas let's see where
he is
oh Cena's following me I see not always
follows mommy
you might so shot so we don't eat me
yeah we were talking about making dinner
and and then I just quietly paid the
place that you shouldn't hope something
with men to go what happened guys Fred
faction is amazing
okay if you want to forget all your
responsibilities in life get red faction
you've got a dent in your head did you
beat me all from the headphone dent find
some point you roll with those I might
need some juice though oh that's not my
that's not my aim job Sanibel who wants
to go for a walk geez who wants to go
for a walk geez who must go for a walk
is mother-effing walkies walkies would
you like to go for a walk it with the
mess here guys how did this end up over
here these are just a few of the
questions I have now where's Julius do
you know the way call me if there's any
problems okay come on walk and they have
to hold hands when you're crossing the
road guys okay see he just loves the
rabbit poop she's mine for the rabbit
poo I think we'll try rubber to Mimi's
taste like we're trying to teach Ivy a
lesson here
you know he caught us yeah probably
what's going on
we PvP always sleeping in the bed of
seaweed apartheid is pretty quiet isn't
it you're on you Mike your nurse team
tired old teddy bear could you believe
that like this Friday we're supposed to
move it's kind of snuck up and we
haven't got anywhere to move to but
apart from that if they ever answer the
phone but what I was gonna say is that
that means that sometime this week or
possibly early next week I may sleep in
a bed that is not broken I'm very
excited about that you're lying like I
said your legs are like this and then
the rest of your body is like yeah like
literally it's so bad it looks so bad
like I said it's that bad this is what
he knows like
Aaron it's very uncomfortable I'm not
gonna lie to you it's extremely
uncomfortable
