I don't normally like starting a blog or
a blog off in a sort of it at down sense
or anything like that but I just thought
you know sometimes a lot of things
happen in the world you know like yeah
maybe wine has passed away or you know
there's some celebrity or some incident
or something man try not to talk about
them too much because I know that a lot
of our people are talking about them and
I know that you know our show is very
much a positive shell when it's about
just you know the happier side of life
and stuff but I'm kind of was that gave
me the roots back in there and I was
like crying like proper fully crying you
know something like and she said that
I'm in Norway and everyone knows was a
big am like bomb explosion thing but it
was also an which everyone probably
knows by now there was a shooting he's
like 86 people or something that kills
in this summer camp Island and one of
the girls that had gone to the island
was and like a blogger and she's
actually written on her blog you know oh
my god so excited and going to this like
holiday camp Island thing for like
whatever on it is you know and it's like
afterwards I'm gonna go to Holland and
I'm gonna go to Scotland and you know
she's so full of life in 18 years old
and she's dead like she got killed
murdered by this guy and it's so sad to
think that's like you know a couple of
months ago was it months ago there was a
huge big hurricane in the US and this
guy he was a youtuber was talking on his
channel about him he was going somewhere
and then he got sucked into this
hurricane and he's found dead and it's
one of the things by this modern media
when he sings about you know when we're
all presenting ourselves online and you
kind of think you know we always have
this like you know immortal sense of
being about ourselves that we feel that
you know we're we're we're untouchable
and we feel that we can work when you're
on this she's everything you never gonna
happen to me kind of thing and you know
that's just an example of how you know
when we're looking back because you can
see that she sat there and wrote that
blog post well anything up and she party
I love it
have a great fun and stuff and it's just
so sad to see you know it's really there
it's really really sad you know and and
very rarely do we get big incidents like
this in Europe you know and it's like
god it's like a couple of islands away
you know and that's just know that's a
chair I hope many of you guys are from
Norway like I feel really sorry I hope I
hope everyone's okay explosion or the
killing or the murders and so I think I
need to put in a Twitter ribbon and
Facebook ribbon thing which is just like
what it's like crying I was like what's
wrong like you know it's so sad you know
I'm I think I don't knows who blog name
I don't want to promote or talk about
her or I'm not going to name this video
you know Norway girl and I guess as
think sometimes you wanna say something
because I feel that people might think
that oh they just trying to prop from I
like I'm sure on youtube today just
wrote to Amy Winehouse videos that
people are making lots of money off that
or Norway disaster videos you know but I
don't like doing that so if what do you
ever talk about something I'm never
gonna name at that or put the tongue
nail of that or something horrible like
that you know I just wanted to say that
you know we we're also sympathize with
the families and friends and and
Norwegian people that are affected by
this tragedy and it's really sad I was
like you just that probably shouldn't
have done it you know but I kicked on
BBC world website and I was reading the
yeah
the survivors accounts you know of the
moments as a happen and stuff and like
okay physically sick like it she just
going to something like that is just
horrendous like you know and he dressed
up as a police officer like and talking
about like they're hiding and our
friends just dropping dead around and I
like South Side
hi kids you know humans a humans are so
disappointing sometimes we aren't so
disappointing Oh
yeah Oh kisses poor daddy
this is what my babies so we have been
clean the computer games or the morning
long all the live long may automated
quick game kind of random video on my
other channel link is somewhere around
there or something like that she could
everyone it's called humans are
disappointing I don't know I was just
feeling something when I was at talking
about you know he also and and all right
thing and I'm just feeling like you know
everything is just you know bad news all
the time you know and something like oh
you get sick of bad news but it's not
like there's only bad news this is
plenty of good news it's just nobody's
talking about it so I decided to make a
video we gotta go over them on our
stylist because I gotta finish out the
painting but I don't want to want to sit
on my chair at my little babies how
could you leave these to look at them
okay one digna chair using my hand
couldn't be left at all we gotta go
cross road and pick up the white paint
first off some white wood paint and then
just got added door and the skirtings
just following him what's the problem
here I'll be you always get so annoyed
and seniors getting attention and he's
not did you get so annoyed don't you get
so annoyed oh good girl Xena seems to
mix Oh
or now no grumpy gross no good boy al me
boyo me oh oh it's David kisses oh no
their characters right Oh must get up I
must get up um you know kind of woody
painted a penny got last time wasn't
wouldn't but these are not woody but hmm
but it's like a white wood yeah
swatches you decided dip them on your
hand and put them across your hand you
some swatches I'm playing with scales I
take my scales
I like that like that you sustains the
scales it's in wood wood stain
hmm these wishes again is doing that we
did so it's not that one
when I overhear someone my vinyl match
designer Fleetwood we just got wood in
it we just make them pink instead of
white look moonlight gray or white this
is more like a high glitzy high glass
for wood and metal to be a charcoal gray
you need them in small you wouldn't
paint that much wood like that's way too
much like that's even way too much using
your tiny I wanna there we go
pure white for wood and metals what yeah
we did the whole kitchen walls and like
half the we got like 2 litres quick dry
satin wood knowing the coach touch dry
in 20 minutes durable oh look it comes
with blue shoes and she's stepping my
blue suede cheese all right and we
should probably get a punch brush
because the pembers we got her probably
no never clean them
kinda blaming you me yeah long-lasting
powerful white light matte no shine for
walls ceilings wooden metal why why that
one but this is sweet lord I'd save no
and this is quick drying which means
that when Cena rubs off it it won't get
there your bristle we do a brushes Hall
Portia's all and paint yeah these are
really big these ones cure bristle I
don't need a purebred so on a cheapo
weibo keepo depot i read that i want i
won't read it for you you pretending you
know a day
I know which was the paintbrush
I'm Sakura but I have like a cheese man
now what we got over here
hello did you miss us did you miss those
puppies there's mom at the beach don't
know me
Louise
all right through that sorry guys we
have to leave you again
Kenzi oh okay Kenzi oh you see in a
minute I have to get Ricky deke some
credit for her phone like some sort of a
slave man I need cream what now easy a
cream as well oh my goodness before we
do the painting it's important to have a
milk of caramel bar very important
mm-hmm all right we moved everything
again oh sorry sorry all be sorry all
right
there's a skirt keys oh goodness
look at Alan it's not very pleasant
get your keys open around over down to
the door if you see that white came in
from last time
it's like streaky and stuff mm-hmm
we didn't like that at all did we Alby
right fake wood wood wood wood
did you did you've been here somewhere
right
I must go to the garage and get the
paints because look at this I'm supposed
to get by here because Riki's was too
afraid to come out here to get the
yellow paint this place is full of
spiders okay so we need a paint brush
and we need to paint where's the paint
where's the yellow paint okay I got the
yellow paint there's no paint brush
clean and the paint brushes
they're having a fun time gopis VJs
funny I wasn't focusing there for a
little bit better than focusing the door
looks good though
is it yeah that's the important thing
this time I mean like last time what
what she's cooking and what is that
lambs house you having lamb is what
we're having
it's upside-down
whatever fun time okay oh I'll be has a
new place oh shut up
good boy because that's where he breaks
for treats for MoMA you're so cute to
know that in Stowe are you
everybody always says alibies cute I'm
paying everywhere I'm being thrown
around the house bucket the old paint
forced the paint everywhere I'm a pink
slave through the hair there oh my
goodness
this is why we work so hard raisins in
my dinner I can't get one oh no it's
gone off foggy Phileas Fogg custodians
but as I am right now oh my god no it's
my new phone cover look you just kind of
hang it on the wall take it down
whenever you need it you know you can
just kind of go on to couture like it
actually works
c-can I she what's the thing on yeah I'm
tweeting isn't that so cool and then
when you want to just like put your
phone away just like hang the phone up
over there I invented a phone what you
got what you got oh I didn't work out
very well these middle things are really
good but look it's two for three
so I was thinking of going with the DVD
and the ham it's not a good that's right
the best in here like look at everything
else like totally taking the DVD in the
ham
hello sweet cheese are we I need a lot
of these don't you think let's not play
around let's not play around folks at a
hard day's painting there's always like
the random thing the random thing a
steering wheel it's mixed in with the
jaffa cakes and all the others - yo yo
yo yo I don't know I don't know feeling
jackal cakes
underwater feeling what are you feeling
Eminem's
another one - mmm
