buh-buh-buh-buh-buh buhbuh buhbuh buh
magic moments when two hearts are
sharing my yeah moments when two hearts
are sharing okay okay oh god I gotta get
your and I just got a head it daddy's
got a handy I must fight I don't know
what's going on that it's Cena's haircut
day today and Cena's good thing cooling
would wreck if you continue to Latinos
for cookie-cookie
compose yourself mister we're actually
going to go see ya um you know what I
know no I thought I was done zo but we
came up with a master plan a master plan
for the master race and I know if I
should let you guys in on the details
now because well basically look details
of my life what inconsequential but I'm
we're looking at like gonna move
somewhere for possibly is he after the
wedding you know you want just go
somewhere after the wedding and collect
your thoughts and gather your toss and
plan because you know the YouTube Nextup
thing and we were saying this is what we
want to do and all that like I kind of I
still want to do that you know I still
really want to do something crazy and
exciting like that but then your ship
said no this is no sorry
Orleans is the real country Orleans only
a pretend oil indigence and I wouldn't
be in a position to offer you some sort
of a next stop opportunity screw you man
screw you so em we're gonna have that
Sakura Jolie next up
next up my shelf so what I'm thinking of
doing is that right we go and we we
squat somewhere that's quite okay but
we'll get something nice we'll get
something nice you know it's okay it's
okay I do okay I do okay not bragging
you know dolla bills y'all having dollar
bills anymore mother upstairs I have no
idea what I'm supposed to do with them I
think I'll just keep them because you
know talking to some like yes dolly
Bailey oh it's so funny because that's
like normal currency people and they're
just like why are you so excited about
down I'm not like we do America zillion
times I just think it's funny
who's like dollar bills y'all there's
always in the film's only dollars like
number euros euros
heroes a smaller but dollars a thinner
oddly enough but anyway so I think gonna
do some crazy plan like go 20 September
then after when we're back like a week
or so after that you know and then it's
like you know stay somewhere until
possibly around Christmastime you know
just go somewhere to disable fur and
planned a lot of planning business you
know whatever saying right we will do is
that you know we'll get rid of
everything we have and you know puddings
and storage that we don't need and then
come around January or so new year new
adventure little by ourselves like a big
Jeep or something big four-wheel drive
you know super awesome Jeep that like
will survive you know one of those like
discovery ones or someone know one of
those cool ones you know and then with
enough storage to have like two laptops
at to blog at ease
an internet download and sort of a
clothes and stuff I'll add two puppies
and that's pretty much it like and then
just like head up head up head out
yonder what's up what's up yonder cuz
I've been coming at you coming at you
something crazy like that but yeah
there'll be our plan yo head down to
maybe maybe cruise to the United Kingdom
Oh
that's the wrong one God so what is the
national anthem for England what is like
god save the queen' ass like the Sex
Pistols
how does your national anthem go I don't
know oh hey knew but I waited far away
won't be going there well yeah so where
we head down nip true UK Boop they're
down depending of the Liverpool to
London that way and I know the share
Berg or Mable to say the things directly
into Paris and then we're like we're
looking online you can like rent these
like houses for like a month for like a
one month at short-stay thinks we're
like cool like let's go like you know go
and stay for a month here and then a
month in Italy and Spain Germany and
France oh honey oh and then go R and C
train do some like meetups see you guys
are in worlds and then if that goes
really well you know over the course of
that like a few months and you know
things go really well because we'll have
to live with like not fairly nothing you
know but you know the reason why the
same reason want to do it because I
don't want to do it like with a backpack
in a caravan you know I want to do it in
style yo I want to go see everything
where you don't mean going venison enjoy
and it's Rome and Paris and you know I
mean down sean's ELISA offed it up John
even you know but just enjoy it like you
know so that's why a lot of planning
goes and you're biting to be an awesome
thing to do and then if it goes really
well because I don't take this entire
year to do that but if it goes really
well then maybe like you know I don't
know if you can I know that you can
drive through Russia and at the top of
Russia of the top of the road of bones
there is a ferry which will take you to
Alaska and then basically you can drive
down so we can actually we actually
drive to did a continental United States
oh you know and then Nana may go under
that underlay already bah but like a to
drive around the world but then that'd
be totally awesome would not be an
awesome thing to do I think it would be
an awesome thing to do I don't know
leave in comments if you think that's an
awesome thing to do well yeah so at the
moment were just kind of like to get
married you know I do declare I won't
you know and then head back home it's
like what do we got we got stammered
October November December 4 is the old
months to plan organize arrange
everything and that a head off Oh what
an adventure that would be and don't
worry you guys are coming along to Zeos
Susie I was up ciose yeah I mean I'll be
awesome so that's kind of the plan so
I'm gonna see somewhere today that were
quite just kind of like I don't know I'm
gonna look at it
Luxio but first first and foremost
before any of these kind of arrangements
are ever kind of made a man a man must
of course take precedence there more
important things
piggy Ginga you guys gonna mine the
house you gonna mine the house we are
shipping for Alvey are you are shivering
it's ok huh I'll be you're such a
worrier he's a chief he's gonna mind the
house are you with my nose oh oh no
bonus treat bonus treat Cena got a bonus
treat it fell out woo sexy hair woo good
boy I'll be mine the house bonus treat
did you keep Cena Cena okay fine you'll
mine the house you can mine the house
good girl
no bonus treat for you all the way to
cookie crumbles - guys love you I really
had taught that we were done Gio on the
OL the house house viewing searching
thing but a
apparently not SEOs not these Nazis I
think about Santana's like you know am I
probably a big follower of faith not
like religious bait more like my own
faith in you know when you're feeling
vibes or things happening and you know
carp Brooks this famous song
I know Anna's probably gonna laugh me
now but it's called them some of God's
greatest gifts are unanswered prayers
and you know at a time when you're
sitting there and you really really want
something to happen and you're like
please praying the God that like you
wish this what happened and it doesn't
happen but then you find that by that
not happening it gave you the courage or
the strain or the opportunity to create
something that's much better
and yet just falling true on the house
that we might want it has pushed us to
actually following through on the master
plan which is the way I was just talking
about which is traveling and stuff you
know and I think you know sometimes you
know that's I should I should make a
video about that
check it out on haired oh isn't it hot
to trot get really hot with darker hair
darker the better I'd say because you're
Mediterranean yo she's Mediterranean you
look so hot okay it is time to get some
new gay Neos I'm gonna trade an
operation flashpoint dragon rising mafia
to enjoy pretend to go Elaine you are
didn't even finish it I don't know just
got so boring and then sniper ghost
Warrior because I finished out really
quickly so both of these are pretty new
and they should be where to go bit mafia
didn't do enough like in these trees so
hopefully I got a pretty penny plus if I
put them inside the special magical bag
I get electric to Euro Omega 2 euro per
game which would be kind of Awesome it's
making me tired
where's my vein guard
I inquired where is my game card okay
should I buy
I've got girl game moves in my pockets
and I'm gonna get real good I'm kind of
like spear three is that right so I'm
like that's brand-new so I could trade
all of these and probably by fear three
or I could buy a couple of oldies turn
things are hard won't you what do you
think I don't know why these things if I
maybe I'll get some swatches done some
games watches yeah you can't get games
right just what I had a dream last night
that we went to some like department
store or something and there's like all
this makeup like NARS and all this make
up a package we got Marlon all right
he's not important
and it was so cooked I was like oh my
god I can see all the friends that all
the American gurus are always very cool
it's like well there's like no
make up river in there
all these places that like you can't
really get not easily here
and how did this make you feel did you
feel happy excited excited and delighted
now to gang me go we just bumped into
one Anna's at school friends we actually
were at the door talking pray just like
and I just kind of lay out about 20 mins
like wait a second we're completely
blocking up you just like stop it if
they were queuing I know I know you
people are funny
well that worked out awesome I got to my
special modern warfare 3 pre-ordered
Time magazine poster yo excited oh it's
not excited butter in the bagel bar
bingo
I'm looking at the chicken Philly but
what's the deal of people
they always put the deal inside
time for the hell is deal person spices
good-looking my chicken Philly Oh
chicken Philly oh good he always save at
the bagel bar please in future cut your
bagels in half okay
I used to wear is this the great gold
bar needs to be cut in half as well see
what I got okay are you gonna do a quick
game Hall
what's it what's in my game bag we'll
call it God
Rainbow six versioning one Rainbow six
version two and the special edition of
Red Faction which is in my 3d or
something like it is it's kind of
killers let your command and week on
edition ah
so I also put a deposit down for a
modern warfare for a midnight opening
and you guys going to the midnight
opening of modern warfare 3 I'm going to
win a game and Latin points I should be
there we will have the time of our lives
together
wooden leg you're going to be there and
I'm so excited
let's open this thing up
it's a good time yeah you know where
that's going into sitting room
isn't that cool though guys like what
does it say in the back
Modern Warfare training
it's kind of cooler Time magazine is
awesome
hmm it is cute I loved it I love this
yes
70% off that makes me happy putting them
on em I'll be would be nice for the
wedding
that is a question there's the question
of the month oh yeah get it down get a
family I get a discount for her dancing
skills you get it down to discount by do
a good dance do I get a discount I think
I've actually lost the world to live
seriously I don't know one anymore
this could be the end focus do you think
so many times I've been led to believe
that we're done but we're not plan keeps
changing clothes could get taken I
wouldn't have gone to gain if I'd known
the punishment but what lied ahead
really realized I didn't I didn't
realize what I was get myself into
freedom oh oh did I get your voice
my yto my beer to be like Omashu
/ marché fray and i just knock that
down the Tesco police are going to come
all right so this and once again I got
the spinach one
I four Italian
is it okay we'll get them get to to
Moscow to Moscow tomato and mascarpone
is to Moscow
unless you got the cheese sauce that
doesn't look very good but we can go get
a different sauce in someone else so we
get two of them
oh yeah might as well
the chicken ham bacon ravioli or just
getting the spinach on me
put it in my pop Oh
tasty part says holy crap she's tall
very so mad lads stuff
oh my god what is it return vandal
vandalism vandal odium
it's basics clásicos
who know I can speak Italian Oh No
ooh not away ravioli i squish you know
can't squash the poster man I was
jealous I had that poster I betcha I
betcha I bet to be jack pretty the term
of my life when I put that up in our
sitting room like hello Donna thing is
try and walk past your small fry like me
you're okay I can walk past but no no
problemo ah yeah get married over here
somewhere the wedding oh yeah oh yeah oh
yeah somewhere in there is probably a
screenshot yeah yeah it's good it's good
I like the way it bops like you know you
know we're like doing we're doing
cartridge up the aisle so when you're
doing your cartwheels I don't let it
look good I love this okay
yeah mmhmm yeah this is what I'm gonna
be right like you know when I'm walking
up the I'm not gonna walk out by
traditional way aren't you just gonna
walk up limb this get married get
married
ah ah get married get mad like moshing
you know it do a bit of motion yeah Hey
head-banging yeah yeah Todd's here we go
whoa hottie
