God's got to go to the dentist you gots
to get to go to the dentist deal the
smaller got to go to the dead
it o'clock on a Thursday morning I'm
going to the dentist do
it's actually quite a sunny morning as
well which was just Ryder surprising
also straight after I am
we got a call our estate agent person
because I'm gonna drop out there
yesterday when I'm on the stylers she
was like children has she hasn't seen it
and she noticed some stuff was in the
kitchen you know just like I think it
was like the cannery and a golf club or
something so she was like that's a bit
odd you know and then she came home she
said that she was like but that's
obviously she hasn't given a hassle
someone else or something I was like
but then that just touches please to
brain no personnel more like I'm pretty
sure not then look at the contracting
and we had like from the positive inside
like just the address they didn't
specify like the number it just said
like yeah area thing because they manage
the whole place you know was Theory
Elaine Panna I was like oh but there's
no way because obviously like that's to
me said be taken and everything all the
way up to it and then on the exact day
when I was signing the thing I didn't
specify but I'm gonna give my call just
to make sure they didn't make a mistake
in case the guy could somehow forgot who
I was it's just like okay yeah sure sir
let me just died let me just mark that
down for you now and he had the clue who
I was
would you be kind of annoying so we're
about freaked out of it and of course
she got home last night and told me it's
like 6 o'clock so I ran the guys mobile
I cannot see it ring out is probably
like a work line you know so he's
probably not gonna answer it so I as
soon as I finish here I must call him
because it is planning on our brains
maybe we're back to the bungalow
hahahaha Nina wants to tree bat house
not the bungalow alone I said when I
wanna make that joke guess they didn't
well so I wants to go to yeah a little
once the tree that has how low it is
like that's a little to please everyone
so we kind of ridiculous not to get that
what does we kind of ridiculous run
together how are you are you guys day
those things and anyone talk about in
front of share you like filling venting
go ahead go ahead
you betcha way getting you down you say
it say it and spray it can you
springtime June now nice for those like
water in your hands and he typed at the
same time like hey spray it don't type
or type it don't spray it
I don't know I don't know having towels
burn scuse me sir you're being very
bowels driving in the slow lane I
haven't gone there and go to that not a
really small island the pilot phase and
Angus bomb away in a funny way finally
how are you pal
hello my name is fine but um did try to
have a big chili conversation guys
because there's a couple things I wanted
to really talk about release me now say
see you gotta listen to my new job was
like a speak or teach I did say you
spoke all the time hello
have a taste of a dentist
is there any way you can actually speak
now yeah I like it anyway hmm is there
any way you look if you speak like this
about a barrel a big fat map goes we fat
man oh I don't have appointed pretend I
can figure out you have a big bad mouth
and I just realized she left the camera
and her mom start from yesterday but
that's not why I turned it on exactly
what I said to you in the car it turns
out that house is gone they did actually
let her die to somebody else which is
quite upsetting to be honest and I'm
glad that I ran but he didn't argue me
anything he knew that he talking to what
I meant
so he said that you might actually have
another one a nicer one in the area and
so he's gonna just check there and he's
gonna call me back in a minute
but oh my god it's actually good that I
went to yesterday Infanta dad and we
actually I because if not we would have
actually been a we'd actually moving it
in wrong place we're brought us in our
place on that day we're doing what the
hell is this like oh no oh my goodness
it is all gone wrong guys it is all gone
wrong I'm hoping I'm hoping it's all
going to go right though okay fingers
crossed it should all go right why
didn't you tell him Jonathan about
yesterday when where she was shopping
with my mom and her
and these are actually the shoes that
Eric I got for
these are here bridesmaids
shoes and they're really cute they're
from Jun and they had them like on sale
so I got them an arrogant yeah anyways
so Eric I was like she wants to heel
like heels because she's wearing kind of
a little cocktail dress I think it's
like knee length or just below the knee
or something and it's kind of in a like
nudie kind of blush color that's really
pretty
anyway so she landed a bit of heel and I
was like yeah you definitely should wear
one and I don't think she's ever worn
heels before she's only 13 but I'm not
sure maybe she has
I don't think so well I definitely had
it when I was 13 but so she tried them
on yesterday and she was walking in the
shop and it was so cute because she was
walking forward you know the way when
you first turn to try on heels you walk
like you're toppling for it forward
because you're not used to it and I was
like no no no we have to walk with your
heels first like you know go heel and
then toe she was like
that's so weird why would you do that
and I was like oh you just have to
practice like you'll get used to it
and she kept doing like before
everything because like no no you have
to walk heel toe heel toe just keep on
like repeating that in your head and
then I kind of just realized that like
it's her first time like obviously she
wouldn't know because you it's just
completely different wearing flats
and these aren't even that high but it
was so cute like just seeing her walking
around the shop I think my first heels
were probably the same thing that was
probably my brother's wedding
because I was 13 maryanne shy you know I
think I just kind of hurt myself Barelli
just I don't know yeah maybe Maryann
showed me I'm not sure my sister-in-law
but it was at my brother's wedding and I
was I wore heels and I was the same age
as Erika which is actually kind of funny
in that it is I was a same age as Erika
and I was a bridesmaid at my brother's
wedding and then no she's right 32 where
she's bridesmaid at my wedding the
sister when was your first and when was
your first time weighing heels yeah did
you know about heel toe because I did
not know about heel toe well you don't
have to worry about that well maybe I
should get a pair of heels for the
wedding yeah if you just got two inches
on Jonathan not forget heels now what
are those things go you bet they're like
things that you're putting issue I think
you can get two he just let you because
to my heel they're like my wedding heels
are two inches
and Jonathan's only like half an inch
taller than me so he's gotta get to the
checkout our orders I said soon for
buffaloes your buffaloes yeah those big
things there to make thick rubber sole
on them I'm wearing buffaloes well well
just be like Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes
or Carla Bruni and what I said this
already initially thought Carla Bruni
and what I wouldn't know is that haven't
seen yesterday's vlog because somebody
left the camera yeah I left I thinking
that's the camera and my mom I hope you
I hope utility on in my hand and I had
it like I was blogging in the backseat
you sure sign addressing him in town
so much she's got an exclusive Wow video
footage now uploaded in their channel no
no it was definitely in the car
if it'll Joe Nathan going to do the peel
bugs here's like still talking to me
when he was out of the car and he was
doing all these like Hadden movements
and everybody was he was doing on
purpose like and everybody was looking
at him so funny so the camera is in my
mom's car cuz she found it and we have
to give her back her laundry detergent
ball thingy because it we did our
laundry in her and it's because I what
our washing machine is broken I always
get confused between washing machine and
dishwasher I always have to like think
about it but um yeah so by accident we
took a little laundry detergent thingy
well I mean yeah you got mixed in with
that clothes so I'm really hoping that
my dress came today no that doesn't look
promising
he has three boxes it's either gonna
come today or tomorrow so I'm not really
sure how your dress is here is it that I
don't think your dress is here oh well
you never know
like somebody sent me actually yeah
dollar bill yo $20 bill yo I hope that's
real money
isn't that cool like we got dollar bill
yo Suzanne how much to teach it classes
those twenty two dollars for the t-shirt
whoo I didn't know that hey I have
actually no idea how much dollars I hope
this is right I assume it is right Chris
turn Christine from California if I can
see the Christine CA California
yeah California I got California dollars
yo whoa hey brother What's in California
dollars no I'm so cute is it a bag I
think it's soaked I get such it
I'm not discard look it's from Leila and
Sergei Sergei Sergei okay
Leila got me all mine is this one the
Romanian charcoal actor and you say
chocolate and Romanian oh look at this
Wow ROM no I think it said it on the box
on the on the package I think it said
Romania or maybe I made it up to pasta
Romana pasta Romana pasta ragout
yeah Romania look and I have you seen
the thing to rip up oh really yeah she
said in a letter what it was oh okay
when I open it we let them wear like a
box of anyway yeah good paper oh my god
you see the thingies oh thank you so
much me never even taught to get them a
little proper name thing so I was like
when we got in the box I was like oh
look at this big box we got I was like
aw sorry dressing right guys and then I
was just reading this box and then the
bottom and had the name of the company
and this is Anna's wedding dress that's
great I came to it you can open it yes I
would get car opening kind of thing like
but it's not so cool so I came over here
to get the copy in and a Mama's dialers
just like gee that seems like you got
your puffy means to want it so I hope
it's not parked inside the house ringing
on the torva don't like dead once and
coffee beans cuz I would like some
coffee beans will drug some coffee beans
I would like something that will get
coffee beans you know
no flowers on me oh thank you to really
fly on me guys look there's the
barbershop that through my hair at that
time we actually ended up getting them
last morning rather it's not like
totally a surprise I miss Mack so cool
and it was like not even any ground
coffee or anything left there was only
one bag of morning grad our beans solo
their day I think it's I think it's the
success of I think people are watching
showing it they want to want to taste oh
my goodness in his tail puppy become
boom they can pick their I can I've she
bit a bit a sizer well they're never
throw at him
get a bit of size on everything sparkly
now for my liking
we tried puns we're gonna try to either
wash Jose Lang home I hid behind a thank
you
yeah there it is no mine see it's
working one yeah marketing I can't for
the rock was a like five or six years
ago that's why you're anonymous edge was
like no okay we're gonna have a
challenge here we're gonna see find the
right hair color because Anna's gonna
retouch up her hair and obviously as a
husband-to-be
I probably know which exactly one it is
sad let's take a let's take a trip over
here just it is new trees right okay
no it's not new cheese right garden
Garnier yeah
hmm well I wouldn't be far as black oh
how about this one is that you know I
look at her I didn't say ombre I put it
said ombre didn't it said ammonia I know
she just looked like not too dark
Matthew light hey what are we getting to
him how much
happily the bananas strategy 2011 in
play right now for your very own
amusement ma'am are you ready to engage
a banana strategy 2011 get your bananas
snap then in half who takes five bananas
well that's just 2010 carry on that said
that's pre-recession this is post
recession 2011 yo they're gone they're
gone and faith has answered the question
do we get there is taco sauce is drawn
let's see you know every day yeah
fateful we gave upload and upload and
upload and upload and Rodan uploading
Lord nothing Lorton that Lord and Lord
indeed Lawtons they prattle Lord ins and
Lord ins they Lordan uploading z-wave
that peanut penalizes about the berries
they're not berries well I think you
just like to stick that in there right
close this over and turn it on right I
don't know why it's not working
customer service man put the stuff in it
mmm there is something special about the
smell of freshly roasted beans oh yeah
they are some tasty tasty beans okay
guys look you know there's been a lot of
drama recently about the wedding and I
just I really feel that I need to tell
you guys something really really
important okay I was on the phone this
morning
and that's just I don't really want to
have to repeat that ever again
so I hope you understand
Oh tossed it up no white bits hmm if
it's the bark bark of the tree no maybe
it's arsenic Oh okay guys now I don't
anyone to tell on me okay
but I just put Starbucks Coffee vibe I
put the morning growler in there because
I'd know where to put it and I was like
why don't I just put it in there cuz
it's the same thing but don't tell
Starbucks okay cuz Starbucks police will
come by and maybe I like to believe that
on the set data this particular time you
happen to go ahead and put a competing
Coffee Bean groundedness thing inside of
our coffee thing how do you plead now
this is all me I say name is film but
mean to show name the show you don't
need to know the episode or what is that
from there's no why you guys are gonna
get it but someone is I'm gonna
ultimately get smart right I'm gonna be
like let me just see this time when I
first time I'm like better but how do
you do that going to go see John how
many times have I said that but this
time I booked the tickets and we're
going a little bit earlier also got my
jaffa cakes in my pocket o's because
that worked out really well last time so
uh he's gonna go ahead and repeat that
process I was thinking like Lincoln
popcorn and I was having baggins and
what is the water down my socks
no but I'm pretty pretty erotic side so
collect tickets swipe card
oh my goodness he did it on how did you
do it wrong
you back
go
friends tickets that's it I'll take that
ma'am going to see transformers that's
it if you can't take your bike now let's
just go ahead and take the tickets
that's receipt I'll take that
come on take some tickets that's true
and look there's no queue for food yeah
not a race game fine
I don't wait you guys get my skis we're
like so early it is unbelievable I think
that was a lightsaber forever
we're being tested this one over there
let's do that I leave I you feel like
I've just come out of a concert with
something though it was a bit ridiculous
like her hair kept going from straight
to curly to straight to cut in like you
know if every scene really yeah is it
curly or straight look it is so stupid
it's the most basic thing did I get the
two hands you can't get the curls to
look the exact same like that always
happened influence were like dead
straight I definitely think the film
could have been like maybe an hour
shorter you know because there seems
like you know one like optimist it's
like okay I'm going to put it on my
nipple visor and when you put his little
visor on then he like killed off
everyone it was like at one point like
it actually pretty much like taking over
planet Earth and then all of a sudden
but in like two seconds later they've
lost everything so sometimes it films
kind of a bit lacking there and the old
story but in terms of effects itself who
is that it's exactly where you expect to
get on the tin you know I love the sound
of transformer that effect
you guys seen transformers or have you
been dragged along see transformers need
some comment dose let me know and did
you have as much fun as meenahan
your songs I looked over you I'm not
yours just when it's about to end it's
like now gonna put my goodbyes Iran come
back
I don't know was that they were he's
like who's coming who wants in like I'm
always your one doing like in the middle
of all these Marines you were all
dressed up and they were all covered in
blood to the entire building and falling
down near her she was like in a white
shirt did not a mark on earth would get
an entire building had fallen on her
what's her secret
