good morning good morning it's the
morning time oh thank you can't see me
oh there you go because Mama's brown I
took Anna your mom dead tired
and as abandoning me going into town for
the town goer
this is this is you can stay here with
Daddy we're gonna have it at any time
what he doing good now who's this Dobin
so I'm just back from town actually
we're still in town but I'm in my mom's
car in the car park and we did lots but
I didn't vlog anything so I'm sorry but
first of all I went to the dress shop
where I ordered my dress from and I
tried it on in a different color
oh no in a different size and a
different size on a different color and
it was big so that was good because I
had ordered it in a smaller size so I
was just checking that that was okay cuz
usually I'm in between like a UK size 6
and a UK size 8 and I had ordered it in
a six because I always have to get
things taken in at the waist usually
like the waist and that kind of area is
like yeah waist and hips are fine are
like a size 6 and then the bust is
always like a size up because it's just
bigger so that's what I was worried
about but I tried on this size 8 and it
was too big all around so that was
perfect
that's what I wanted to know they didn't
have a size 6 Terra because I had gotten
it ordered and but um yeah so I really
like my wedding dress so I'm really
happy with
really hot isn't it so I'm really happy
with that item
and then I also got my wedding shoes
which I will show you when I get home
because it's in the boot of the car
right now and we also got Erica's shoes
for the wedding her bridesmaid shoes and
we got I actually bought the same ones
as you not for my wedding but just in
general yeah so we got those and because
the ones Erica got for the bridesmaid
her bridesmaids outfit are actually
really nice so I might actually give
them to my sister to wear for the
wedding because then they'll have the
same shoes and they're my two
bridesmaids so yeah so now we're just
waiting for my mom because she's getting
food for tonight cuz we're going to her
house and yeah also my skin is acting up
so I think that's why I didn't want to
vlog today I was just like it's so
disgusting it I woke up this morning
into the three spots just out of nowhere
did you see them look one
two three oh yeah and then there's
another one up here
the monster won't appear but thankfully
my hair covers that I don't know why
like my skin was clearing off and
everything was fine and then suddenly
this morning I just woke up to three or
four four more spots seriously I don't
know what's going on a fight just
busting skin anyway so I just didn't
feel like plugging and then we also went
somewhere for lunch and I didn't want
that either so I apologize for that this
is probably gonna be a boring vlog but I
was just not in the mood but I will show
you my shoes
actually if you want to get the mail
give loads that moving is almost like a
form of counseling because you're going
through so much stuff like like like
like like like when we started vlogging
we were in Tokyo of a scene we did like
about 80 days or something I think
before we moved and but pretty much like
everything like Christmas and you know
day 365 was here the proposal was in
this room like so much has really
happened and most most of you guys
probably came on board while we were in
this house you know not so much and the
other house do you remember when was the
first video do you guys remember what
was the video that got you watching
that's the question of today's vlog ADIZ
leave me a comment if you couldn't
remember what video when did you join
our journey have you been here from the
start were you hearing dog it was there
a particular video you found and you
talk like what who are these crazy or
were you originally I hated you hate me
originally and then start liking the
show
well yeah well when did you join our
journey okay so these are Erica's shoes
we got them from dune they're suede and
they're kind of like a it's like a soft
actually I would describe this as taupe
because like
it's like mixture of gray and brown
isn't it yeah it's really nice
and then her dress is like a nude color
isn't it it's kind of like a blush pinky
nude and then are you good okay trying
to see my shoes okay so they're from
Roland Cartier aren't they pretty
i wouldI like these these are in a size
37 and usually I'm a size today but I
think my feet have shrunk because I've
got the same ones as Erika as well in a
size 27 so what do you think leave
comments there um like ivory satin and
they've got a big ball in the front and
a pointy toe and about a 2 inch heel now
this is gonna make me taller than
Jonathan on our wedding day but I just
decided I don't care I want to wear
heels
I think heels like I just don't want to
get them off and I read an article I'm
not actually the other day I'll just be
like Carla Carla Bruni no you know who
Carla Bruni is
she's the first lady of France
so her husband is smaller than her so
yeah I'll just be like Carla Bruni's so
let leave comments and let us know what
you think what you think of Erika's
shoes
showing your shoes again and what you
think of my shoes okay the other thing
we're moving is the frustration of
dealing with all the different service
providers like you know your electricity
your heating your gas your your internet
your phone like all of them unlike some
people are just so freaking annoying and
I know
as always you know people always they're
like take the high road well let me tell
you about the high road people the high
road sucks okay I'm gonna take the low
road I want to be on the ground in the
dirt cursing your children kicking in
nuts quad spitting on you but get the
high road man cuz sometimes you kind of
like you know it's like you know
situations like no Sarah when I come
today get a phone place now what can I
do for you well um it turns out that I'm
moving and I would just like to maybe
disconnect my service here right sir I'm
afraid we wouldn't be in a position now
let me just see if we can close your
account Oh sir it seems I am you're
actually in order to toast the account
if you want to hold on to the phone
extra extra billion euros you just wanna
you don't want it to die oh you're gonna
beat on someone I'm like oh oh yeah okay
yeah no problem no no that's fine no I
totally understand why you need to
charge me an extra zillion euros and and
why I need to give you my right shoe in
order for me to not use your service
anymore
huh but it is me you want me more like
I'm going to set your house on fire I'm
going to cook your children I'm going to
eat your children when I'm finished
eating your children I'm gonna defecate
on your carpet with the remains of your
children in my stomach how does that
make you feel we tend not to uh tends
not to look at me outside now
you tend not to usually go with the
crazy the crazy one because society
makes us think that being crazy is bad
but sometimes I think you have to be am
a little a little bit crazy not that too
much crazy not not enough crazy that
they actually get concerned for their
safety but just an in to quit me maybe
just a little twitch no everyone you're
like okay well you know I really want
that now look yeah I know you see more
like I always tried to be a little more
Stern like I always says that it's like
you always tell like when I you know it
it's not being like serious but it's
like what I want to make sure that it's
known that like I am dissatisfied ER I
would I even know my rights as a
consumer and I want something to happen
and it's just more like a domineering
tone go into Mama's parts apparently
chips
oh look I've brought my washing unlike
Athena see guys is the cam I just wanted
to say that a few people a lot a few
people about two people so far so I just
wanted to say this because I don't know
people have misunderstood but how it was
working about the t-shirt was that I
said like you know if 20 people buy it
and I think we've got like 41 people so
far so what happens is that I go to the
printers and I get them printed and then
they get sent back to me and then I sign
them and then I send them out so I know
it's a little bit longer than you
probably would in a shop ring like that
but you know that's kind of like that's
why they're so cheap and that's the only
way we could do it order lies we put
your district lines and it's like $50 or
something but they get us like that and
it doesn't come sign so you have to just
bear with us you know we're not some big
production line here you know I wanted
to make it so that everybody was able to
get one and people could send cash we're
just gonna take four lco but you know
once everyone gets in them and just just
just you know awesome that you bought
when if you bought one and if you
haven't bought one links down below and
once they all arrive you will sign them
on and then we'll send them out and you
know you'll see the whole process of
assigning and sending out that's how you
know when they'll be coming yo because
they'll be coming around the mountain
when they come they'll be coming around
the mountain when they come isn't that a
little cutie sitting in the basket she's
a little little cutie little pie oh
you're a beautiful lady it's chicken is
that rocket is it yeah the pressures I
thought was french fries is even better
it's chocolate potatoes what's your name
little my little my what is that a
finish focus that would said the moment
I and you guys know who this is
she's cute
maybe her and podge can get together no
don't worry I put him back I put him
back after the paving make our talk what
the or languages you speak finish your
sentence it's my toy not yours it's my
toy mm-hmm it's my toy mummy's toy can I
just play with a one time solenoid I was
so good
guys this was amazing and had some sort
of a magical sauce on it it was amazing
so was the chicken best things you
invented chicken chicken guys I watch
this documentary about the yeah where
did it go kamorin come on come on ah
Bonjour Nakamura depending the bad the
bad but Mei was just documented by BBC
unlike their it was like the world's
bloodiest mafiosos caller something that
was not about a week or two ago but I
DVR'd it and then I just watched it
today and I was like oh my goodness is
that the Naples that we're going to but
all the rubbish everywhere and all the
Mafia and the shootings I was like how
kind of a wedding is this what kind of a
family am i marrying myself into how are
these people anyway I think Ana is
actually like the dawn any Ana is the
head of some sort of mafia family if I
don't turn up any more romantic gap
what's your favorite you right there ice
creamy stuff the best Kitty stuff or the
weird middle chapter do you think peanut
is more like crispy and stuff yeah this
is a much better this is much better
why do you prefer the viennetta ice
cream or that oh yeah oh I got your card
yeah I got your card
yeah and yeah it was really nice and
then we also we got a card for and
Stefano because it's his birthday on a
recent Saturday evening yeah yeah okay
but I'm Way happier about my dress I am
gonna wear it the other one like in
Italy Manama
just wouldn't forget my but I mean yeah
yes Jack she can even look hello what
she hasn't even look about her like
she's like look if she walks away is the
best kind of cards you can ever get
let's try and fine it's like it's not
owning a car it's a game Oh boring or
yeah women how stereotypical not all men
like women in beer we also like wall-e
freakazoid and it was closed we just hit
em I'm his big brother Steph when I was
birthday and I decided to card and I was
like happy birthday soon-to-be bro
he's like you'd be like my
brother-in-law - brothers-in-law he
won't be like
what tell me what okay
oh my nose like stupid or something look
took the wrong envelope so when you're
officially my sister I can beat you up
boom practice boom practice boom
practice one more practice coming oh
stop stop here what don't get the
captain disturb ya let's go home
hi guys my name is Erica Ciccone and
they like to party in the district the
police we go dancin we go pencils we
have a good habit
Pergamon be cool be cool don't be a fool
whoa and oh what occasion we stealing
money now is it full of money the follow
the money
takers okay I kind of had let's go I'm
gonna walkies
we're gonna walk who's a pain who's a
pain now he's a pain now kick in the bum
Zio's she's holding me hand ah
tell everyone you love me tell everybody
love me but a woman told me or our
chocolate attached
can't believe you won't confess your
undying love for me confess it is our
love no Liam love is a no Liam can't go
a Nikki I get on the laundry done and
I'm a laundry done put all my laundry
done oh yeah oh yeah come on
having a clean clothes and months my god
me months but this is pretty much all
t-shirts this is a t-shirt watch
oh and one sock would somehow manage to
get in there that's the missing sock or
it is always like a missing sock maybe
that's what it is he's wrong yep
I'll t-shirts let's bring him home let's
hang him out to dry okay Nikki you can't
go in right now because the doggies are
in there and you know what happens when
Nikki and the doggies collide good
little after-dinner walk come on Albie
come on come on good boy good boy yummy
yeah he's young
yeah my dog there's no name yeah he said
laughter dinner walk oh it is half Tim
but em it's not that dark yeah so she
did this at 11 o'clock the other day so
I think it should be yeah
right even got the grass walking shoes
funny I know that's why I knew what we
have to do good good
you know the garden every day
unsupervised fun it's safely secure all
the way around so there's no there's no
way to get out so they can happily run
in and out and it's a slightly patio
door type thing you know no oh no I
think it's better because you can just
leave it open
yeah I Maltese amount yeah you don't
like yeah of now come on come on guys oh
look at that he's not so nice looks like
some sort of a postcard hmm it'll look
like that in Sorrento hmm bit nicer
maybe
come on where oh cool
oh really move on come on come on come
on come on come on come on
