good morning friend morning Fred we're
all off on a playdate so one plus the
daddy play this well it is actually a
planet for everybody all the guys and
the moms and elders everybody's coming
though not everyone can come some people
are on holidays some people are like off
doing the dog but this is reported you
know but we are basically going to play
date for Amelia's class because she's in
reception now and everybody is like
meeting up before school starts for like
is doing yeah for like a kind of a get
to know each other because there's some
new people coming and then there's some
new parents and so it's just going to be
like just it'll get together like joint
baby major class currently just want
like five girls John does requiring a
girl now those who know doesn't load a
new girls coming in still not loads but
it's more money for a class most British
three classes so hopefully in a more
balanced but it's exciting like it's
quite cool I kind of hold on and worry
about our veterans I hope it borrows
just the same thing yeah like I think it
would be nice I'm so bad with the part
of the class though because media's our
first
yeah - and she went in in September and
like he only went in an April because of
his birthday and everything so I haven't
even joined like any of the mums want
that groups for his class and I actually
feel really terrible so it's like next
year so when he's joining the class that
she was in last year I'm going to make
change and I'm definitely I'm going to
join although without groups and I'm
going to be more involved in his school
I mean I am but like his the parents
that you know the social bed like I feel
like I need to and I have even messaged
him another month but she messaged me to
say that we should meet up like over the
summer because I just don't know what
needs the kids in his class like I know
some of them I don't like the teachers
you're in the school at the same time I
left there they might oh yeah and so I
don't know anybody I know like a handful
of people whereas media class I know
everyone like it's so different and it's
not fair you know so over again Oh like
what can people do like when they have
multiple like that many kids like more
than people are interested know is at
the moment when we have median Eduardo
at the birthday parties what happens
with a less user by its birthday party I
know how we make our work we just hire
an e oh yeah I needed I need yes okay
that's what we're gonna do people be
keeping doing to see yourself
she lights up years go on camera make
you feel we can do thank you
so today was manic has been manic it's
not over yet
it's like also late I took all my
lipstick off because it was getting
really am
you know how can you eat something
sometimes like when you eat something
and also my hair's weird because I
acquired oh did it well I did it but it
while made me do it because he wanted me
to look like Elsa that's why I sent plan
well what have you done to yourself is
the dosage easily sausage you can does
it hey you singing little sausage hmm
here is silly sausage here is silly
sausage anyway and all the things yeah
to take some kind of manic because we
had painters in and it was just kind of
crazy because like all of the toys got
moved from the kid's playroom common
sitting-room common family room come and
risking room so the toys all got moved
at furniture all got covered up and it
was just Manik and there's toys
everywhere and stuff everywhere but they
did a really good job so I'm going to
try and show you guys when I go down now
and because it looks and many scenes
because the kids would like put wax all
over the walls from a candle and they
had drawn on the world was and then you
knew these had licked another one of the
walls to the point where the concrete
was showing like it was really bad so
all of that's done and I had tried to
like because I had to paint so I had
tried to like paint over it with like
paint brushes for like arts and crafts
paint brushes like not the real like not
the real deal and I also need to get a
coffee because I'm so tired not tired
because of this little one this is one
sweeping through the night for the most
part thank you yeah you sleep into the
night
yeah good girl but the other two come in
tore better all hours sometimes multiple
usually multiple times a night which is
always fun also just to let you guys
know because I have got questions and
comments and pick up on got me like
everyday again comment on questions
rather about me getting my lips done
I've never had any kind of plastic
surgery I just want to put that out
there I've said this loads of times but
you might think we just don't believe
when I say it um but this should be
proof to you guys I don't have my lips
done like this on my lips no lipstick on
obviously
they look a lot bigger when I have like
lip liner lipstick and like wear lip
gloss but yeah there should be proof
like you guys see me without makeup
and if there's a difference but it's
it's not plastic surgery it's just
makeup oh my goodness I got some
presents for the kids and there's so you
I can't wait to show you guys and
basically they are from Vienna because
they really needed new flip-flops for
summer and I know like summer what's not
it's not almost over but like yeah it's
not almost over I just have it in my
head that is because they weren't really
been off for like three weeks but yeah
guys I have presents for you
yeah Eduardo Eduardo Amelia oh yeah
Eduardo no I don't know what do you
think of them what do you think of Emma
media for you
you're on the show who's on in the media
do you like them oh my now I know so it
looks fabulous I hope you like them my
pink sir my mom yeah they look gorgeous
actually Bennett bring hydrating mom
right now yeah
my part is already don't think why do I
need to take off genius
Eduardo's one love your nails because
you were a good boy and you were a good
girl so you got to - want me to unwrap -
take off the packaging no no careful I
need scissors okay
you
Oh
hello there we failed to vlogging today
the air falls media away because it what
if you got to say to the people and
thank you for what could if we got to
say yes thank you right Tina TV thank
you for watching the video
watching skews what did you do today why
is there no Fattah jizz okay there's a
little bit of faux Tosh's but when I
light my kike
like dusty it would be war yet so a guy
came today and painted all of our walls
that was nice of him he was just he was
just wandering the neighborhood and he
just happened to have all the right
paint for our walls this is not a
two-story what look at this okay nice
because you guys had drawn on all of our
walls and we figured you crappy just got
that single what we're about what is it
Soviet Beauty and the Beast the kids
watch the em the Beauty and the Beast
thing is on I was on actual movie one
with the Harry Potter girl oh no they
didn't really why media kind of like
that I always wonder would actually
watch a movie guys that that that's and
lassies it's bedtime now don't make a
mess before bedtime
oh my goodness oh yeah so we went to the
school party today by the way and I was
putting her satin doll did her parents
and I was like how like is it over yet
is a school country Cayo roni like Raven
halfway through school holidays oh my
what are we kind of channel what are we
gonna do
I am I don't think we're going to anova
Soulja I don't think we're going to be
able to go on a holiday this year
because we're doing two like normally
every year we go to Sorento
hi all right every year we go to
Sorrento I don't think we're going to be
able to do that this year in zooming any
holiday this year because we're doing
something else which is mega extra cool
but it costs everything you own so I
don't need to be holidays year why it's
gone because everything that we are
doing which of you could probably figure
out what cost everything you own
I care say why did they repaint the
whole house what's gonna let's go ahead
you're not what's going on what is going
on why what is where oh my goodness oh
my goodness I blame the school holidays
I blame the school system there should
be no school holidays anymore get out of
here blue is that the new Alessia is
that the Alessio 5000 elected by the
houses we finally got it oh my goodness
okay
okay out of control out of control
upstairs upstairs I laid the school
system I will come on no that's not we
on it worse we on to be that
