we've only got about two weeks left here
is this gonna be crazy meaning two weeks
left in this place once you once you
like sign the line once you like to sign
a lease agreement all you want to do is
leave now
yeah I'm ready to go you know I don't
know wait there are two weeks he'll be
and Cena have found a bone Albie Albie
guys let me see the bone they are girls
going insane because they found a bone
like an actual like a limb of something
yeah it's just a dog bone well we never
give them dog bones so hi I know I feel
sorry because hey she won't she won't
give me give out Leah turn now Albie
Albie see you know go get it Abby always
doesn't get any girls like Cena okay
come on guys
look the sun's coming at ya slightly
warmer people have you come for like why
you guys like dress or winterly all of a
sudden wasn't outfitted a or something
was it summer is over
really it's a terrible wetter now okay
it's good for the stiffer the Greens no
Sam there's a drought in where is it is
it in Somalia I'm not sure I was reading
it on that Time Magazine's Twitter feed
there they were talking about it and I
was like oh god they can have some of
our weather although this is probably
why our turn is so green because it's
probably like the perfect you know the
mean symmetry of water versus heat
versus rain versus Sun and you narrated
photosynthesis allows the organic nature
of water and a hydrogen to interact on a
molecule basis
if I take this sample for a moment hello
hello you know it always referred to
Valera come on guys where's the phone we
got the bone sir I would love to have a
garden this size you might remember a
garden like this size they would love
that so much
oh my goodness I'm like roasting now I'm
like sweating I'll be I'm really sorry
that you're not getting going the bone
but give up you're going the new toy
okay okay operation that's like to give
alia going the bone come on IV we're
gonna get you here
hi Cena what this this is yeah yeah can
I have this grab her you hold her down I
know
I'll be LD I'll be Alby twenties I'll be
healthy oh how he got the bone how he
got the bone I don't run around with the
bone go with Mama stylers because she's
home let's see if she likes the painting
where she thinks I'm a fraudster
and I've ruined her home huh I know
which way it'll go guys harness has to
be tight so tight now that's a bit of
weight and around there hatch hear that
guys that's a weight-loss program if you
want to lose some weight
rope yourself against some paint then
you might find yourself shaved
apparently your inheritance that's like
one of my best Blazers you better pick
that up right now
pick it up right now anything
I apologize profusely - look you just
put it right back there everything you
better in the new place walsim Lee's
done
Fangio did you like it is up to your
satisfaction
yes
but I got yum-yum I have to share them
amine or anything so late switch color a
light switch cover like you put your
little switch in there just goes over
all apples have them in their rooms I'm
sure how'd you get me
do you like my painting he doesn't oh
it's kind of pointy there
and gal viewed like that I don't you to
stop me right I was standing here I'm
looking at the to play stuff but I don't
you around me I like I went to catch it
and knock you over like five or six
things they all see you like floating on
the floor ha take fast test those don't
seem to stop near ponds products we're
looking for the ponds cold cream we're
in the disco section of pesco so slowly
out here isn't it I think I know the
music is always there so annoying when
I'm trying to vlog right we're going to
see transformers it's on in five minutes
let's see the little trick I have guys
get yourself pack you to chop the cake
should do strip in your pocket like so
boom I just got chocolate cakes sneaking
into the cinema what cuz I don't want
popcorn so no I got my deaf case boom
and you guys ever do that sneak food
into the cinema did they did you give
them treats no you were doing it those
arts about two minutes so should be
alright so here's the plan
it is two minutes past Asian so I'm
supposed to started eight but with
adverts and trailers and stuff you just
have spent ten past quarter past and
that's over here needs her popcorn and
drink so we're gonna hope that no other
fill in the starting around the same
time so I just had a chicken sandwich
and now I'm running I'm doing exercise I
think it for 330 minutes they're too
late for transformers what we decided to
go see bridesmaids
huh
it started I was just saying like just
totally going to see it number nine I
can go watch the transformers cousin
sergeant no no no it's what you wanted
seven bridesmaids instead
my review of bridesmaids absolutely
pregnant it was open the airplane the
airplane bit and a bit where she's
trying to get the cops attention in the
car
she's like slim great - like yourself
this is the spitter entity and she's
like what's your name stove appliance
that's everyone just go back to the
seats absolutely brilliant otally check
out bridesmaids
I think it was much funnier than a
hangover yeah but then the worst I've
seen when they were trying to understand
the scene when they were in getting the
dresses instead there's this one girl
she's kind of like small a little bit
stout she is so funny it's very like
what a funny baby boy I wanna boy imma
go from a collie call who's the girl
easy girl mom you did the girl time girl
time licky licky
no note Alliance isn't that pliant it's
a stove so good it's so good it's so
super late guys it's late in the evening
no no she'd never ever rub your eyes the
rubbing any eyes is so good at the same
time but so bad you know you do it
because one little hair thing you know
it's like so good but then you're like
shouldn't do this but then it's so nice
anyway the short one today folks
oh the short one today folks night night
night
