right let's try this again perfect we're
going back into town yeah state agents
trying to do something some fundage give
me some footage and I will give you some
punished right like my eyes are burning
all right so it's off Washington Street
which is a bit of a pain and now holy
moly Nathan Jolie but we shall we should
do it now hopefully hopefully dad's
didn't burn down over the weekend
hopefully aliens didn't steal the house
and hopefully somebody didn't come in
with a billion dollars and say give me
that house which I dad my dad all those
have I did all those things no eyes then
you'd be living in a bummer
 killer Valero I haven't bumped
her up she goes supposed to gotta get
the painting done again today then I got
to go over to the chemist well Sam
Akalis got to get some photographs from
a Pathmark yo
so much to do from time and it's raining
which brings a whole dimension which is
unwanted to today's activities and
unwanted dimension I tell you okay so
this is really embarrassing because I
didn't want to tell you guys but
Jonathan is making me like forcing
punishment ear pressure but um okay so I
had this dress that my mom got from me
my wedding dress like and our weddings
in six weeks 45 days today into our
wedding this is insane it's like oh my
god almost a month way so anyways um
speaking of which we need to get your
box well I just said a minute ago
alright I think I have like this you
know when you get that white stuff it's
gross
sorry guys anyways by the way if you
want to see tutorial on this hair it's
coming to Friday anyways so I got this
dress back in January and it's a really
nice dress it's not like a traditional
wedding dress or anything like that
excuse me it's 100% silk it's ivory
color and I like off-white kind of
creamy color
it's a v-neck it's got kind of like an
empire line waist and it's very flowy
it's did I say hmm
yeah it's silk and it has kind of like
ruffles at the sides and it's got like a
deep V and it's very like bohemian it's
kind of the word that I would use to
describe it it's very bohemian and I
picked that out in January I got a
really good deal for it because it's not
even like a traditional wedding dress so
I didn't pay like wedding dress money
for it well my mom didn't because my mom
bought it for me and it was kind of like
it was her choice and my choice like we
both decided we liked it and it is a
really nice dress but as it gets closer
to the wedding I'm just kind of
realizing that I would like I would
prefer a proper like wedding wedding
dress a dress that screams wedding this
dress is really pretty
it's very unconventional in the sense
that it's more bohemian and it's not
like you know pure white and all that
kind of stuff which is fine because my
colors are those colors they're kind of
like you know champagne ivory I can I
think but it's just a little bit too I
think it's a bit too unconventional for
me because I am more I do like
I do like the bohemian style and I
sometimes kind of dress that way but for
the most part like you guys know me I
dress more like kind of classic and I
just felt like and it is a classic dress
but I just felt like I wanted something
that was more conventional and I know
some of you are gonna be like oh but
that's boring like you should have gone
with the first one because it makes you
different
see I'm not thought like I'm not that
way I don't need to be different and
everyone else like of course every bride
is different but I just I want to my
dress to scream bright you know what it
maxes out of the question yeah so
Jonathan yesterday we were talking about
it and we were like I was like I don't
know if I'm 100% sure of my dress now
six weeks to the wedding I'm saying this
having bought it in freaking January
yeah and then I got it in the January
sales that's why it was such a big deal
and then Jonathan said yesterday he was
like well do you is that like the dress
of your dreams and I was like no it's
not it's a really nice dress but it's no
way the dress of my dreams so I bought
another one and the one who bought was
like a real kind of like princess dress
and it was everything that I wanted that
I wanted a really I'm very like
traditional I wanted a traditional
wedding and then yes I am blogging and
my dad passed away two years ago almost
yeah two and a half years ago and then
when we got engaged in everything I kind
of wanted to steer away from all the
traditional stuff because I thought
thought it would kind of stir up too
many emotions and I just wanted
something different you know so not that
it's that different in the end like
there's not really that much difference
it's basically the dress that was kind
of making it less like traditional but
had my dad like being giving me away and
everything then I probably would have
just we probably would have gotten right
here first of all and then we probably
would have had a bigger wedding and it
probably would have been more
traditional and I definitely would have
had like a princess dress but then I was
like why am I like restricting myself
like why am I not letting myself have my
dream wedding just because my dad isn't
there like that's kind of silly
my brother my older brother has given me
away by the way so I got the ball game
dress and now it has to be custom-made
so I blog doesn't read the fine print no
so it has to be custom-made and I don't
know if it's gonna get to me in time for
my wedding no I'm not gonna freak out so
I'm not gonna freak out because I know
that I have a tendency to freak out
about these things and just just dress
but I can't handle the stress especially
because it's my wedding so I bought
another human I've only got two because
my mom bought the first one and we got
it
like seriously good deal like it wasn't
wedding dress money is what I'm kind of
saying okay this these two here they're
not even not expensive both of them like
they're you know they're more expensive
than the first one but I'm not talking
like thousands of euros here okay but
anyway so I bought a third but basically
it's my second dress but I bought this
second dress because I know it's gonna
get to me in time it's gonna get to me
like by next week or something it
doesn't have to be custom-made I'm a
pretty standard size anyway like I don't
have like crazy proportions you know
so anything that I'll have to have like
taken in or taken out I can do with the
first like the one the dress that's
gonna get to me first and then if if the
TaylorMade dress the princess dress gets
to end on time which they said they're
gonna send it at the end of because they
have to make it like they have to like
because to make it they're gonna send it
at the end of July I think I'll make our
wedding like we have to leave Ireland on
the 29th of August leave job no yeah
leave Dublin which only of course today
before that so I've to have that dress
by at least like I mean I'm gonna be
cutting it close
why did the 20th I want it by the 20th
well like what if I don't get it on time
then I'll just wear the other one which
is fine cuz I actually like that one the
other one that I got okay is similar to
the princess one but it's not like a
full skirt it's a fitted one which
actually I really like that stuff so
what if I even get the
just dress and I don't like it on me and
by the way they're from reputable sites
it's not like I went online and like
gotten scammed or anything don't worry I
bought them from like dress designers
that I know but yeah like what if I
actually prefer the other one the fitted
one yeah that might happen to happen are
you can buy another one no I'm not gonna
buy anymore it what it is is this like
now I've bought three wedding dresses
and I have to choose but see one of them
I'm I know I'm gonna wear the first one
that I was telling you guys about the
Empire line kind of like Grecian
bohemian one I'm gonna wear that and
Nathan Lee anyway because I could write
to the reception if I wanted to it's
like a maxi dress it's not even a
wedding dress like that's how
unconventional it is like you know you
could probably find it like I'm not
gonna tell you where it's from foot it's
round like a shot I'm not gonna tell her
it's from but it's problem no I'm not
gonna tell you where it's wrong but like
I'll tell you when I when I show it to
you guys cuz I'm not gonna show it to ya
cause I don't want to like jinx myself
cuz what if I'm left was like no dresses
and that's the one I have to wear that I
don't want to tell you about so yeah I'm
not gonna show it to you guys yet but we
have a new house so much better though I
know we are with this property
management company in Cork all choices
bring like your passport a photocopy of
everything your parents you have to go
in like if you don't have like certain
documents they won't let you move in
just crazy like it's not like we live in
a really posh area or a very normal area
yeah it's just you put bureaucracy where
that was more like just you know the guy
was like there's a receipt kind of thing
I don't know what it would be like if
our dogs shed no it's good or bad luck
cuz these guys don't take em laser car
like Visa card ranging on the phone
which is like oh they drive out here but
because there's small business like
they're human beings they're not like
well I have to follow this procedures
and stuff but anyway the card thing
they don't drink cargo the spam is this
now aye sir yes I have a new house
alrighty
day two so actually yeah I first get
down really well so I think we're just
gonna fix it all up now with the whites
just to fix up all the little edges and
stuff and then do the top part and then
put everything back together
I don't you look nice isn't it yeah
pretty stinky in here though but if you
clean the place up as well like it'll I
to it cuz that saw behind here that's
all done it's at like actually really
well it's that really nice so do you
know where all these pictures are you
look nicer Oaks where we touch it you
know everything is why would your face
you did a great job
yeah today guys in the whites looks
really good I don't wanna thought I
liked it I know she will I did this you
want to see now I don't laugh at my
mistakes I know I have a few but I still
did it
just lock it right okay see it's
actually quite good okay except for
maybe there that's like my biggest
boo-boo and maybe up there a little bit
as well but you know even fix that with
the turpentine I've discovered a new
thing it's got turpentine it makes
everything okay
but yeah looks really good especially
when the Sun shines in you know it's
kind of like bright and airy I think
we'll be able to fully appreciate it
when I'm all the stuff is back yeah
and I'm hungry because it's 10:00 to
4:00 and we still haven't had any lunch
so we need to bite that in the butt
Oh Nikki you're such a little bother
someone aren't you hmm
did you poke at my son's I did you pluck
out my son's eye he's terrified did you
pluck at my son's eyes
come here give me your eye give me a
knife a knife or a knife I do is for it
- you little weasel
he's such a brat that was me he's like
never happy he's always meowing and you
always want attention which is probably
why he took it on besides because he
didn't like the fact that Alby was the
new toy your toy a new son so I just
uploaded a few videos you know that kind
of thing because the Internet is so
amazing here is like your breasts upload
then Reno's like 20 minutes at home it's
like two hours 120 minutes yeah tada
how do you guys think does it look good
does it look nice did I do a good job
this is an this is an old trick I
learned years ago when I was a kid I
used to put an onion in a room that
you've painted and it absorbs all like
the fumes and the actual paint and stuff
from the room it gets her dinner smell
if you know if you ever cheat know about
that kind of member of I just remember
putting an onion in a room that I just
painted so leave me a comment if you
know how that works because Anna and his
mom think I'm crazy about the onion in
the room after painting and I was trying
to explain him I didn't understand the
whole concept of it but I know it's
something to do with it absorbs the
paint in or something like that but yeah
I'm quite happy quite happy with my job'
hobby not a job' name to film that's
from got a Java B
I'm not gonna say too much more because
I'll give it away when I'm team anybody
else because you guys are always too
fast always like but that like yeah yeah
too quick too much quick personal for
Raja back up here it is freezing cold
now all of a sudden it so funny like I'm
in layers I'm wearing now all of a
sudden we went to viewed you replace the
place to sign up for our new home place
and it always seems to be sunny for the
few days every time I mean it was really
sunny because it's like always dog that
dog it's a dog man and just how much is
the fence
all right 85 95 I'm always a no Liam
oh come on 28 I dropped out I was trying
to stop the guy to try and gonna go for
the fence
oh I know it's a crazy time it was a
good time but a crazy time and if all of
my facts that have ever been released
for call of duty and black ops and all
that I still played the Reese more than
any of the others because I still think
it's probably the best month they ever
produced
I love it it's that safe I don't know I
don't know if it is alright I
asked Irene begged and I have been
forced to make saucy some bows or why
don't we make them in bagels
why don't we change I love this I would
just like it if it were a little bit
less hard easy cook easy easy mmm Nana
right boom stick it on Bobo that's what
we're having it very sophisticated lunch
here we're having some Pinot Grigio - Oh
2010 Australian wine where there some
saucy Sambo's that's how we roll folks
this is a very very it doesn't open oh
yeah look how cool we are
we even got twisty caps oh yeah
that's hardcore this is spinach
necessary that is plenty and you take
your time take your time sippy sippy you
have to have a little bit of bread Oh
bread and wine are very sophisticated
here and sausages have you are you are
you submitted your palate what are you
doing that's my one there you go okay
where's the fist akkanee grown-ups we
drink wine and eat sausages I know a
year it has been there for about a year
and you know what it is it's one more
thing to move that's what we're
celebrating we have a new house even
your host Nina I know we all do you guys
are coming too are we excited we're
gonna have a garden you guys excited
about the garden oh my pod day did
