what do you make Ciccone and bagel and
that blue cheese okay cheese it's an
American joke it's about farting but I
am so we woke up I edited the vlog anis
I decided to press render and then we
does that that's a little cuddle
what happened Nina ended up cuddling
Sargon we ended up cuddling for about
two or three hours in this like smooth
heavens news as heavens news we have
like two dogs in our little in our
clutches two little white poodle coaches
my poodles
she's these two heroes - yeah it was all
nice and then we're all snuggled up
together and we both fell asleep all
four of us fell asleep and we just woke
up for crap lolis so I'm uploading the
video now what exhibits Nina woke up in
a ball of sweat but that's a you know
you had a good cuddle you'll need the
ball of sweat it was so good it was so
hard to get out of though freezing all
the things we got out because it was so
nice and warm and snuggly
 gonna make a saucy sample Sunday
morning so I actually just ordered a
brand new laptop this is it this is what
it looks like here I want me to see sky
thing the laptop was 997 euros this
actual sea sky is like design thing is I
just think it's worth like an extra
hundred euros but you got like a really
cool-looking design thing there's lots
to choose from but I decided to go at
this one and it was kind of the last
thing that we needed to kind of actually
do because if we're going to produce the
show during the wedding time we don't
have anything like the one I use which
is an XPS system here which is a big
badass that's able to handle like you
know it's not like a little videos like
we've like really high and editing and
Bob when they're all together and stuff
like that so finally got it it's the for
all the M Tech zombies out there
it's an XPS system I was I was looking
at the Alienware and I was taking a
going with you anywhere and I know loads
people are like Mac has Robert Gordon
you Boyan up on my because it's about
the same price as an Apple Mac but I
don't know I've never really been a Mac
fan so much like I bought an XPS system
and it lasted me like nearly five years
I thought they're really really good
systems or not biggest fan of gel but
definitely their XPS and the XPS base
core system is pretty much the same as
the Alienware like I got the M the
second gen m i7 which is a quad-core
2630 q m so it's a quad core its turbo
boost so I can overclock it up to about
three point something so it's pretty
quick plus you got quad core to lean in
on I got a gig of Nvidia I think it
stick to five to five and it was the
eight gigs ddr3 and the C's guy thing
you know it's really good it's their
smallest thinnest is only got fifteen
inch because it didn't want a really big
laptop like bought a 17 inch XPS system
before and that was awesome for college
but I do have this like 50 inches here
I'm screaming to work with it on my
computer when we're at home but this
will be great like who more like
traveling around or doing anything like
this is a really high-end computer for a
really high-end editing himself it's
gonna be awesome and just I was really
worried cuz it's like oh no like I don't
want to have to only video like really
small amounts during that week because
their laptop
it's like you know it's kind of like I
don't know it's the entry that will sort
of stuff you know it does the job like
it added sort of small amounts but it's
not going to have any like high-end
production value so really happy to
you've got that and we like to see so I
think so what I was going to take a
shunt into the Popo box of you know
Robert on me just stick in the YouTube
XPS l5 o 2x at Sam I think I don't bring
you up like video reviews and stuff on
it and I'll show you guys when I get it
but it's actually pretty like but I'm
pretty stoked plus there's an actual
deal on at the moment on Dalit thing you
know like five hundred dollars off what
how many arrows up I think with five
more years
what does right arrow daughters I don't
know what I paid was well yeah so the
wedding video is a go-go and speaking of
the wedding video and how many days did
you say was to the wedding how many days
to no wedding 46 days till we get
married guys 46 days day 446 is going to
be the wedding day because today is day
four hundred what the hell this is the
400 day of making these things crazy Oh
with day 446 mark it in your diary okay
be available that day although the whole
weeks gonna be awesome because hopefully
we're gonna get the Pompeii you know
that's the big famous place for the
volcano like froze everyone there any
freeze people but you know and then
you've got em you've got all the islands
just off the coast and also always gonna
be an awesome week like don't use my uh
awesome stuff but now I've got a
production power so we can make it all
happen yo are we going over to the
painting are we going to do the painting
I don't know
feeling a feeling very no Liam today I
need to make a teacher with no Liam on
it I feel like I've invented a word no
Liam I like saying it too
anything can be no Liam it doesn't like
you can like you're gonna make you pick
something out me like oh crap that's no
Liam it means like no or it's like oh
what time I meet you I was like oh it's
no Liam you know it can be anything use
use it use it wisely though people may
look at you and
like has no Lea will do you two up to
huh you like a new bed
do you like to share the bed together oh
don't be a grumpy girls don't be a
grumpy grows he doesn't even come
because he goes oh he goes don't mind
the grumpy goes oh you guys are gonna
call her Betty to the painting please go
to the painting is it painting
what do the painting we did a painting
scenes
as soon as mom is ready let's go check
out mommy is mommy now ready
oh you realize were painting right yeah
sexy has smart analogies like you sit in
there right look he's looking at okay
give us forget the shot evil biochemist
Oh doing this I don't know where do I do
but I've got some protective gear on as
well as yours working edge gloves is up
there look nyquil it feel really weird
though I'm actually wearing any shoes
right in there that look outfit of the
day hmm mm-hmm looks like runny custard
it's an ironic clustered on my roller
rolling pin
a bit too much honest should be all
right for the moment okay let's get the
first go first bit on the wall ago as
you can see already got the first wall
pretty much done
Dena's wall is have you done now does
that no I told you to fill in the spots
oh goodness
is it no you're taking the paint back
off again no but your paint which is
heavier than mine yeah okay so that
means that this section done here now
let's not look so much nicer I'm gonna
run across the top part now I'm gonna
move all that stuff what no no stop just
doing random areas we haven't cleaned
this area at all or anything yet but
we're he's just painting random areas
like all the stuffs right here bored of
that part what about the bottom part you
have to do the whole lawn you know not
until you're bored and then move onto
another wall
you sure
yeah there's no paint on my hands
anyways so I had just put off the sweep
of all the cobwebs off that wall right
there that I tell you was not a pleasant
time I have to use a Mongo brush among
all right I'm looking at my camera and
it is full of paint anyways so Xena
they're having such a nice time in the
garden gonna go outside
my mom's day table some chairs huh show
me what you've been doing I'm doing huh
okay you please yeah mmm
Oh crazy they are they love the garden
hey you wanna play with this this is
nothing pouring down into it no poison
okay come on guys come on come on oh are
you right bitch good dogs
actually don't on looks nice cuz it's
all being cut
I know I'm so cute I can't wait for them
to have a garden when we move huh yeah
yeah okay
I'm gonna help daddy what don't be sad
don't be sad I'm gonna help dad what
should we be home to drive is way better
at painting than I am how did bit good
on it
I think the rollers are so high by
weight that it's this little painting
thing laughing look at that wall that
wall I know he's onto that wall plus
you're an inch taller than me so you
don't actually need the stepladder as
much we saw it man yes sir that it was
even smaller than Jonathan in the petrol
station remember okay
he was like so tiny I mean it wasn't
midget or anything but he was like two
feet tall earth yes smaller than
Jonathan and I was like oh my god cuz he
stood back for Jonathan to let him go
past and Jonathan's pretty short for a
guy like he's five I live I live an
average woman site I think five five or
five six I'm not sure and I ran the same
ish give or take like an inch and I know
maybe half I think I'm only half an inch
smaller than Jonathan
I'm definitely a little bit smaller than
you but not much so this are my the
tallest girl you've ever been with no no
I went I was
who that's just a tumor family feelings
to say didn't work out
notice I was the podium dancer when I
met her yeah
I felt very inferior yeah because
there's only like half an inch between
us and like I can't really worry even if
I were kitten heels I'm still taller
than him by like an inch or something
so anyways um but yeah if I kinda shop
was like really small I think he was
probably like five fours by half by four
by three anyway it's not done anything
wrong with that's what I'm just
surprised why don't you guys leave your
height in this up bar yeah boy yeah
who's the tallest you guys can go to the
front of you boy yeah well who is don't
lie
he's a seven-foot I'm pretty sure you're
lying yeah you know but like that scene
he's the tallest subscriber and who's
the smallest subscriber my my dad was
five seven and yes I think you're five
six Jonathan Thanks mmm-hmm think you
are because I'm five five and a half and
I think there is only like seven I know
my dad was five seven I mean he was a
little bit taller than you but people
always used to say that my dad like my
friends and stuff would say refer to my
dad as being small and I was like wow
like I didn't get that at all because
obviously when you're younger your
parents are huge so no matter
they're tall or small your parents are
always going to be taller than your luck
when you're a child
so Sina I got covered in paint I tried
to walk and she just she's running
through the house and she tried to go
through the door and the door being
painted about covered in paint can you
see her ears are completely yellow I
don't know she probably isn't going
still enough free Xena
yeah oh my god guys I know what to do
well Jonathan has to shave her tonight I
don't use a seat
are you finished for today because
obviously as you can see most of my
beautiful paint work is nearly done
let's just see what Anna's tasks are
done so you had to paint this in here
well there's a real problem with this
one here okay that's kind of done there
oh I see there's a bit of a problem
there let's do the one you obviously
have finished - oh we're not - in the
middle part oh did you just actually get
bored or something doing it look it
looks nice isn't it guys mm-hmm nice
nice just a bit of munch because I'm
just good the topics and the other
topics and that's it and then we're done
because I just want to put the first
coat on today and then we'll get the
hell out of here I'm going crazy you
know what's gonna happen now you know
I'm just gonna recover it in paint
because he's playing with Sina I'm gonna
have to shave her tonight I'm gonna
Curtis is that as short as I can but you
know I'm not putting turpentine in the
dog so I probably have to cut all the
bits off but she has paid on which is
everywhere yes she is crazy dog of
course I'll be never anything on him
you know I give up I'm watching teen
moms cuz we don't have a TV at home so
she's actually kind of obviously for me
and Cena's being a little brat as usual
it's time to sit still for five seconds
that's it were scratching I'll be fine
Justina she wants to anyway she's not
allowed goal she wants to go so we're
gonna stay in here and wait for daddy to
finish painting because otherwise out or
seen us just gonna get full of paint and
that's really bad so
have you guys seen this one I actually
don't think I've ever seen to mom before
or maybe like one or two must oats know
I only saw underaged engaged in
underaged I don't think I've ever seen
two months so this will be fun because
I've heard a lot about it a lot of
people have been talking about it on
Twitter okay
Xena so jokes aside he's finished now
but when I don't like leave the doggies
in because it's the turpentine on the
floor one little wet rag stay there stay
stay stay there okay
Wow amazing
yeah looks so much better is it yeah
terrain cold come in handy wow so cool
come on is so amazing this is covering
that in the fork a little slashes okay
I'm what do I do with this what just
leave it all yeah sleep overnight you
fine like no go higher watch it tomorrow
okay she's the only bottom for a
one-time thing okay
anything yeah oh yeah better Mikkey Dee
Messina
I like your your highlights there
they're quite fancy you're probably not
going to enjoy the haircut tonight but
it's gonna have to happen because you
are yellowy and can you have two
cheeseburgers well that's two
cheeseburgers cheeseburger and chicken
nuggets and one market took another you
want to do for them no no drink
that's it okay that's 49% all right
thanks thank you bye
so we're showing up with one old dog
who's gone apart and one yellow dog
fantástico put this little bit here so
Stacy so okay what happened to your dog
oh she just rolled around in some yellow
paint least it's yellow and not like
some other crazy color yeah see that see
that look at a haircut Oh leave the rest
of her though yeah yes look you got all
the yellow bits off seen it let's have a
look at you oh this is cool can i play a
game just one game hello um I think I
think we could do that after hard day's
painting this is what you need need some
parts Juggernog revised upgrade let's do
this
well Xena you look about ten years
younger
huh Xena Xena
yeah oh look at you huh huh people are
different
Oh homemade stretchies what do you think
Alvey you like your sister's hair good
huh such a cutie pie you're not talking
to me or something not all that tells us
you love me oh crap more a little bit to
yellow hair no no okay okay girl Xena
say bye bye bye guys I'll see you
tomorrow
