decided to play some Call of Duty look
who's here
so what do you know today I can't record
the sound on these things cuz they had
sounds I know I was thinking you are in
the vlog it is why it just there's no
sand oh alright this is our team here
this is the team cool the ones in the
blue are part of team super awesome
we're gonna kick ass we're gonna win
okay cuz if we don't win I'm not
uploading a video so we didn't exactly
win we lost by one point one point let's
a look at the who revel team a game
you'll see em you sing
alright well Phil what's filled in
Annavaram tell you gotta you gotta pull
your weight Phil okay we're gonna win
this one we got this one you got it in
the bag we won that one
finally oh it's a lobby time dad
we're now moved on to zombies so you can
see see your heads up let's get everyone
out look holy crap everyone's on the
vlog it is yay sarah michelle gellar all
these people well sir you look hot
mm-hmm nice dance it was just some old
man behind you and let's see how many
rounds we can last nine rounds we got
nine Dems are the breaks
I gave my life I gave my life for you
know
we're down 10 times the after stretch
he's like the first thing we've done
today it's one of those days come on
it's crazy wetter well I had a fun time
at your brother's games like is Brandon
as bright as Brittney is like what what
unfortunately Brandon Brennand idol good
sturdy walked on a sturdy walking named
Cena Cena what's that
he doesn't want to play see ya see ya
get sorry oh good care
you know Billy good boy if he gets toy
pick him up he picked up
got to go and beat the caddy kitty kitty
cat that's a girl
you need to be able to fend for
themselves to probably candle backers
they probably have multiple homes that's
my theory about the cats
kind of like multiple owners you know
knowing that I disappear for like days
on end because I have other families to
go to like we call them like smudge
Miffy Oreo and Nikki but the problem
another family where they go by another
name you know and they like paws that
they're like I'm gonna hear us come and
it'd be like oh that's to go home and
get to my feet from the sock or knees ha
ha ha ha they're good they buy the items
I like the Sequoias
her dogs are a bit more one owners one
family owners Oh
I haven't done anything today guys it's
been a no Liam day day has been in know
Liam
well I'd like to play with a couple of
you guys on the old black ops call of
duty that was fun with did you do it
your morning while I was doing that
today off I work three different all
week he did a couple of videos in here
bloggers tease blogging and stuff so I
just do not notice it I've seen a baby
so tired yeah I think was to hurry
Potter last night like cuz that was like
that ended like half two or something
like that you know when we got home we
was like three o'clock but it shone like
that kind of takes a good Eddy as well
like you know and then we woke up this
morning and I was like I'm so tired like
and weekend it's the weekend
it's the party time I'm gonna do the
painting today we're going to start
depending today but looks like the
painting tomorrow you know there is no
rush they're home on Tuesday so we're
trying to get finished by Monday so we
do it like a Sunday Monday Sunday we'll
put the first coat on leave it come back
on Monday cuz I come back every day to
take care of their the kitty cats anyway
so might as well might as well
they're nice Minji is everyone else
where's everybody else
I'm Nikki what what is that
mm-hmm what did we come back for I Oreo
oh he's a kid freeze what you guys is
like cute Souls either so cute you guys
check this up at look orange and mango
isn't that so cool it's just like new
idea where they're like mixing stuff
together thumbs up from Joe fat Oh take
my t-shirt
oh speaking of my t-shirt Camela sister
got me this from cheese and Mike I don't
know she's been everywhere India or
something well yeah it's her I'm support
day today my little sister's birthday
today but she's am I think she's just
she was in Canada for a while I think
she just moved to Australia or New
Zealand
I think it's Australia so uh that's like
a day behind or a day ahead so as I turn
her birthday yesterday or two birthday
tomorrow
but in aren't so bright here today happy
birthday Lea hey yo yo hey hey hey hey
yo I'll be yo see now you do a person yo
Nina I said you happy yes I do whatever
but this is gonna be a problem when we
go to Italy for a week I was just
putting some masking tape over the
electrical sockets of you folks so
there's no am today
I see so you don't put them you don't
get paint up under the little bits so
I'm using here it's kinda like a paper
you masking tape that's the job
just marking these up over here for
tomorrow let's go
I wanna I don't wanna I don't want to go
somewhere different tonight okay I don't
want to get a pizza from dominos
I don't want macro toy from Nikon try
you know what something different hose
some differential food but what can you
get what do you get for this from people
from LA oh my god I sang that just since
I dare you guys remember that give me
the name in a video oh but that comes
from what do you get breakfast from for
my life what do we get for food now on a
stormy stormy afternoon we're gonna
watch madman for resting tonight what do
you what do you feeling me knees no no
not not gonna die we can't that we got
something differential what was that no
not bad how come if he's outside now Oh
didn't if you ever come in Oh Missy come
on in come on in to the party where the
party's going on yo this is where the
party's happening myth this is where
she's a runner she's a runner bean so we
have this character for Cena
you know reality's more like timid and
like oh hi and Cena's a little bit like
crazy you know when you see like a lot
of kids running in the road right and
then there's always that one kid running
behind him with a bit of that lunch trip
down there top and they have those
glasses to have that like a tape on them
because they're slightly cross-eyed and
no one wants to play with
she has a good guy this is honest
impression when we make fun of Cena like
hi guys hey doll my lunch hunter found a
rat on the walk a dead rat and she
rolled in it so we brought her home we
disinfected her and washed her right
next day on the wall she ran a better my
way for us and I was running behind it
cuz I knew it was just gopher and just
like died didn't roll around in the rap
again so she's brought ho back into the
way she watched us and dammit today
we're having to walk and I was like oh
my god do not go and she's probably like
I can I shower every day that mmm this
Fierro
huh yeah that's not looking for
yeah this place gets bigger and bigger
everything we come here they finished
off the rest of us so big like this is
no longer a petrol station crispy area
so just know this will be impressed
we're here look organic look cluster
dairy-free mayonnaise tofu Pesce don't
even stock this stuff nice moves oh whoa
are you some sort of a professional
dancer or something really good before
they even hit the shop put your hip
through drive before you're a
professional dancer yeah when I was at
one of Ana's previous encounters
romances was em there's no product
where's his stuff cereal
you want to see come along
you wanna go
doesn't matter
where there we go this guy here Traven's
Jimmy flavin Tom flavin I wasn't his
friend yeah he was in school with that
guy Evans did they eat like oats every
day you ever go to his house and they
had like oats courage
well that's really heavy romances girls
did I would want to come to my house
I've got an unlimited supply of
breakfast
you wouldn't think you wouldn't even
know like it's a lot I know oh that's
good
guys we're going to make look we got we
got supplies here Magnus about the
sausages shows the sausages Denny's
sausages we're going to make some saucy
sand boas guys saucy Sambo's I'm sure
some of you guys who've been with us for
a while remember that's homemade sausage
shambo's sauce cameras are a special
delight of mine you take em the softest
whiteness bread you can find with the
juiciest sausage is this the kind of
butter creamy carry go butter you put it
all inside a bread roll you sit there
and you enjoy it
okay lattes and John's help situations
for going to get food and Douglas now
we're going to go by and drive by the
place what's the call there now my
assistant I tell you Casey's Casey's
tessie's there's a queue outside cases
then we would love to go into Casey's we
will determine and we'll move on to the
next local destination this chap here
but a pop-up bomb thank you for feeding
me so here we go I'm gonna drive down
here now we're coming to how my house
the old cinema Black's Cineplex
which I don't even know for the sin of
anymore Cineplex now it does a cure it's
an heirloom let's have a look
I don't know we're turning in here
anyway it's a no diem queue or net worry
just left the space in front didn't it
am I gonna pull in there
is this not happening is this actually
happening right now
so we contacted Einstein - its number
one time
we've got some freaking cases Castillon
this guy's oh god what am I surprised
with I've got that's yours garlic cheese
fries for my lady
come on lady come come my lady come my
lady come come my lady you're my
butterfly go crazy then name that song
and the artist that's some good look
what I got
oh yeah this is the chicken wings here
there's no something better than them
yeah I know I think we got confused you
know might have asked him too many
things and then some sort of a blue
cheese dip but we just put the blue
cheese dip over there oh yeah guys is it
oh I'm excited and elated
