how cruel you know Weatherby sometimes
it's like all week long we've had an
amazing weather and aren't like it's
just been so sunny so hard like I think
it like should be the hottest is being
ever beat this year it's now Friday
afternoon you know and everyone else in
work is like probably planning on having
a party or a barbecue or some sort of
outdoor activity because the weather's
been so good Friday afternoon it starts
raining that is a rule that is cruelty
cruelty to the human race I tell you oh
my goodness it's so sad like oh I'd be
so unhappy be looking at the window
ceiling all right what are we gonna act
like look at the window and dream and in
fact the city is like like I'm having my
Barbie you and Slater sit in the rain
with the raincoat hat and scarf I'm like
I'm having a good time so hopefully this
is the moment that we look back on we're
like remember that time we went to see
the fumble ooh and we took it I just
found out that I'm we can get supersonic
I keep don't air companies that yeah
Becker's so we get supersonic brought by
that here whoo-whoo
talk to the man it was like not forget
your potato it's gonna cost you a print
ride oh man superfast upload super fast
downloads super fast ping line no
congestion or direct satellite
interjection point connection projector
point connection it's kind of cool
so pretty excited about that so
definitely the house the wheel light is
in the same place whether this basically
across the road no one we're going to
see now so it's fairly it's going to be
we're going to this area
it's it's a permanent check and it's the
same person
well the same estate agent that is
losing both of these properties
so we're basically definitely going with
that estate agent into this area and
it's going to be either popular or the
key story story history three bed semi
the back of control
too bad detached detached from my life
performance but quite problem
my mother was a French prostitute named
Chloe with webbed feet
my body would women our eyes he would
make outrageous claims like he invented
the question mark welcome with spaces
and I'm you know
good fair this thing well you mind if
you talk to our difference hasn't it a
top notch yeah I thought it was smaller
I think it's cuz we've seen so much yeah
no I know what you're saying I know what
you're saying this is what Dylan has is
it unsweet yeah and I had collected how
we sold think rusalka I think that fungi
or is it pipe dream this is it probably
get rid of this butterfly you know
plants and stuff there there is a gate
so I think that it's fun I think we're
gonna do
yeah I'm pretty happy damn we got to see
it again you know yeah in comparison I
really did like did you see the way like
the open sort of the open situation yeah
you know I said that like you know good
mind living somewhere for like maybe two
years of someone you know and had to see
more like it was a lot more room to grow
in the house rather than the kind of you
know mushroom also the bungalow only had
one bathroom which you think it's fine
and then one of you is like sitting on
the toilet
another one is going to ghusl way of
we've had three badges this way yeah
three bathrooms in the last one and you
can't wait you're too bad music sorry
someone's just in the lodge I got a
couple don't worry about it but like you
know just you're like to have more than
even just two bathrooms like an art to
toilets like I'm not saying I have to
have three yes
but yeah and plus it had games other
guys said that he would oh they would
put up like the wedding app we wanted to
on either side of the little cottage
thing yeah listen to me very carefully
do not go up there do you hear me or
yell
well they're not explicit in my rules
leave whenever we can
it's kind of cool
there's a cool room no no I know but
it's kind of cool like she has all my
old girl my yeah what's wrong Oreo
didn't you want to come in here huh
Labs everywhere be careful a kitty cat
listen to me carefully
alright alright in helmet my riding
boots are you thinking I think there's a
little smudge in here as well smudge in
here - that is my G nice my G how are
you Jim good bye mmm yes so AG power but
we're his nippers where oh where is
maybe maybe maybe hello ground paint
guys I found my old diary as well it was
an and instead of closet place where I
came upon my childhood memories the 24 -
the second 1999 how you I'm grand
I really think it's going to work out
this time I wonder well I feel a lot
better again I hate being sick I love
this song it has meaning I really want
to give up on school but I know that
that don't kill me that's cuz she tears
I hope I get the healthy helicopter
finished oh we have to break down
something this is quite a sad story I
would say look at Erika did look no
smiley face thank you all it's like from
all the pictures from years of him
sitting there and not hilarious
get my roller brush and I just roll like
this well that's just not right at all
maybe just kind of like put your fingers
in it so like smudge it like this and I
will probably work I could just hear
them all out hey buddy what are you what
are we all doing
there you go with the masking tape we
got the other roller dr. pol polar so
you can do like this evening that is the
sound and paint makes League moly
probably Yoli Jolie so I'm gonna call
the man the man with the plan we're
gonna take it guys
we're gonna take it we're gonna take the
second one the big house the big house
for the big man with the big plan I'm
just gonna call Eric back look he's
actually directed a company crazy and of
course just to me decide we're going to
take that place the Realtors won't
answer their telephone because they're
probably in the place they're gonna deal
with somebody else do you mind do you
mind little I think that doesn't know
you're probably in there right now
shaking hands going sold it's a deal my
friend nobody else wants this place
because there was pretending you weren't
supposed to see that place today we're
looking at that dollar uh yeah
we said chief Vick easier place he's
like yeah sure buddy
we went over cuz then we like to mr.
direct for the ass he went up to your
place and then he was actually meeting
someone some girl was there don't you
see it about ten minutes after we were
there so I was like ah yeah so I did she
actually I do although maybe it's her
first time seeing and she's gonna delay
a little bit and boom we snatch it we're
calling the snatch and grab the housing
snatch and grab so we're not gonna make
it to the office but I got the girl she
said about the other girl had him call
the Randy and she's
predicament is she'd have to be there in
10 minutes so pretty sure she's not
supposed to look I'm going up Monday
morning nice and bright and airy get in
there first troll on a cash-in them say
take it you filthy animals well we can
pretty much say that is our Romeo I'm
pretty excited I'm pretty excited we
have a homie oh now do you bear 2d or 3d
films because we've just known as the
Harry Potter is on and a half an hour in
two dimensions I don't know when I go to
a cinema like I've can't see a couple I
thought Ron was good but I don't know
you get kind of annoyed wearing those
glasses don't you you know and you get
like tires your eyes and stuff I'm like
you know what to D is worked for like 50
years
work very effectively mind you so I
think I might go see Harry Potter in two
dimensions you know I mean I don't think
we need that third dimension how do you
feel about that
what's your talks no I know it's not
that special like you know I mean I make
like obviously I do 3d animation but I'm
using the third dimension to develop
content I'm not using turn to mention to
like display it out in your on I don't
know about this whole treatise I don't
think it's good enough yet you know I
think it should be like like pain free
you know to be that like should be
really interacted or not interacted at
all like and so we do all the films
we've seen like you're watching it
you're like oh yeah it's brilliant like
but it's not that good like it's not
like oh wow you know so I think I might
just go see a DM default it's probably
completely sold out and everything but
he's on in half an hour and we're here
in the vicinity yo so he might just nip
along you know how long is it she got
the Encino of mine
I'm gonna hate us forever but yeah I
feel like we watch the other higher part
own kind of recently and it's kind of
fresh in my mind I hate that one like
you did get all of us it's like what
five years well no it's not five years
it's like always like two years later or
something or three years later and Sonic
plus we're gonna read spoilers people
are gonna put spoilers I'm pretty sure
they like it's lunch today in Ireland
and I just think that there's gonna be
spoilers you know I'm gonna end up
reading that it turns out that Baltimore
is actually a biking you know and then
I'm like ah he was a Viking all along
whatever I don't know but remember it
ended with a wand and the grave thing
and then they took open he died he had
the magic wand or something like that
magic why they call that magic wand that
seems a little like we go to magic one
Hermione
so I'm yeah penny wasn't going to cry as
well so I'm gonna cry this traffic
doesn't move oh my good gracious I've
been sitting here on this mine bridge
that's it everything is alright what
it's already a cinema show
but everyone surprised meant to be no
matter everything so that everything is
well the whole thing is like so both
looks like an airport is like delay
delay delay
performers producers and bombs
where is it transformers oh it's not
full at all
look at a trailer for
ah crap everything so ever
but actually Lugosi transformers tonight
at eight o'clock because Nina is so good
to me like that and I probably have to
give her some part of a present I love I
will make it up here I will reward you
the only reason I think she's going is
because what's the name is red the first
like that changes everything and I was
like is Optimus Prime is dinner simpler
for me this is done I have booked two
tickets for Harry Potter tonight it's in
Toledo we can't see it in 3d I don't
know but that's exactly what Josh said
at sorry time Josh friend of mine from
University when I was in Bournemouth
Archie University important for the Wii
and booboo but Josh was like Josh
computer lives I know what they wanted
they remember they went to a midnight
opening in Borman cinema for
transformers and I just said on Facebook
like oh I can't go CR you probably might
go see transformers and said and then he
left the news like transformers off and
I was like well if he thinks it's awful
and he's he didn't say degrees me so he
likes all things science fictiony and
technologically technically chuckle so I
was like gonna well I'm gonna take your
word for that Josh so I decided to go
ahead and book Harry Potter in 2d but I
don't we like to treat me anyway
something is that good so well go scary
part happens night and join gonna do it
once it ends I'm gonna come and I'm
gonna tell you guys all about her and
I'm spoil the end I would not die with
matter we met you excited are you
excited
Cena what are you doing hmm let's get
the dinner on the go let's get the
dinner and then go let's get to dinner
oh I didn't specify these seats or
anything so I assume like if we just get
there kind of early we'll just get there
early because we couldn't book a seat
you know normally you can pick a seat
number couldn't waiting like that so we
just get there already
yeah and use the Machine we don't see
those in a person if we don't have to
deal with the people's they could use
the machines yeah ha wouldn't talk
the buy tickets on Harry Potter thank
you son come on Abbi do your business
leaves in for two and a half hours is it
you an artist the hairdo is your life
hours by the time you leave me a comment
and tell them I don't have already know
because I've already experienced it like
a midnight showing come on
hopefully that means it's not there but
I want to go see where just in case I
want to make sure you have good seats
cuz I don't accept the front like matter
you watch your left hand side I'll watch
the right hand side and we'll send each
other emails when something good happens
actually is quite a lot of people here
so I hope not too many people are going
although it did look like they've
actually finished something finishers
just look out for the crying people and
it's sad it's bad it's a good
tickets ma'am oh that's a counter
currency that's a character I know kinds
of kings
tickets for a bit of a deal
Alakazam look we actually see these
people reminiscent at the back of the
