and then I asked Jonathan just take it
out because I hated the way that was
what I was like freaking out really bad
and I did the whole video with it makeup
on and it just looked really bad looks
like to state that I am who's like yeah
okay what you have to ask them again
another time so this is me asking you
guys again I have no makeup one again
but my break is kind of cleared up a
little bit but anyways so I wanted to
ask you guys what you think I should do
with my hair because it's the only thing
that I am really struggling with at the
moment is what I'm gonna do is my hair I
know for sure that I'm wearing headband
like it's kind of like beaded and
sequins and stuff it's like kind of
Grecian style and it's like bronze beads
sequins gold one scream like that kind
of color you know like so it's all kind
of in theme with my wedding and then my
dress is a v-neck and it's quite yeah
it's like quite a deep V and then it's
kind of like it's in a champagne you can
a cream color it's not white and then
it's very like Grecian me you know I
don't know what that means it's but kind
of Grecian that's right so let me know
right now Johnson wants me to wear it up
which I can understand because I do get
a lot more nice oh my oh my blog or on
my videos when I wear my hair I look
more like oh your hair I'm pursuing a
nice I don't know is that like a waste
of my hair you know what I mean like
it's not the kind of amazing hair
anything but just like my hair is very
long so should I not make use of that
and then I want to wear it like I want
to curl it and stuff and have it like
really romantic so I think that fits the
style of the dress but sew up or down I
don't know or half-up half-down but if
you pick half-up half-down turn back it
over the picture because I'm just not
sure I'm like I don't know so let please
please that leave a comment let me know
because that's the only thing I know
what I'm doing for my makeup I know my
shoe
and away hair accessories they don't
weigh jewelry I know pretty much
everything just not my hair has no idea
I'm gonna drink my hair so yeah leave a
comment down below let me know and I'm
gonna go and make my breakfast now I
think you pull up the 40 estate agent
and you have a look how do you feel
what's your initial yeah Roxy windows
it's got a garden and a driveway and the
driveway actually has a big gate on it
you know keep all the press no she's not
here yet oh said she's driving some sort
of a red pickup truck or something
I know we're already guys first time
ever in the history of no not the first
time ever but I actually saw because of
street view Google Street View I always
drive around the area and that's why
whereas those driving past in order
stirs they have this like massive 3 3 in
the front garden people always make fun
of glass a tree like my tree just tree
tree tree
what do I say turkey Trina turd turkey
tune the tape
let's keep it become so honestly it was
kind of old and it was about the same we
just talked about it and there's about
the same distance from my mom's house
even though not the other ones that I
like it even though it's technically
closer but I think the minute I went in
there I saw the little Yorkie and I was
just like oh my god and I couldn't even
think of anything else I was just like
looking at like that you work he was so
cute I just wanted to play with him I
heard I don't know and then I was just
thinking like that little garden is
actually perfect for the dogs no one can
look in it's at the back yard or
something but it's just not us like it's
too old-fashioned and like that's how
like the people that lives there like
it's a young couple and they just got
married cuz their wedding photos are
everywhere and you can tell that they're
moving only to a nicer more modern place
you know so it's just like that's like
cause like that's the same as Oz and
we're like moving into their sloppy
seconds if you know what I mean
so that's kind of the impression that I
got it's worth getting my will be my
yeah and we want to be in a nice place
wanna be in a nice house yeah you don't
want to get married and then come home
to like oil yeah I want to come home to
like your nice new modern house which is
why I am going for house number one hold
on
tomorrow's one yeah why is it tomorrow I
don't know state agents like why can't
like don't you realize really
lies maman just give me appointment
today like what are you playing about
like this is a cool area though like
it's all trees like all the way up oh
we're not going to literary no wait this
is glamour yeah we were looking in gland
mired today guys luck it is though yeah
like that's really right and you guys
live in Glamour who almost had us yeah
big neighbors you know
look at that it's really like
quite country-like isn't science fair
town sir I like to strive quite the
close of traffic here all the time
we know you people who live here and
like
what they don't live idiot states a from
now and not on the other country because
I know I'm sure people are getting like
but like currently frustratedly annoying
and I've seen some comments in the next
year or maybe more hopefully more will
be the right one and it's the house that
we're going to spend our mark the first
year of our marriage and that's
important to me and we can be picky and
we've probably worked with every estate
agent and everything and when I like
give my name and number they probably
gotta go know their time wasters in a
sense you know but it's like no it's
like we will find it you know and I hope
I hope people will learn from our lesson
here that you have every right we are
the consumer it's a consumer driven
economy and we have the right to see
every single house in the entire planet
if we wish what you get guys what you
get oh we're trying to design we bring
in an envelope from the Popo box and
they're all like something in there oh
she can't huh
yeah see toys yeah it didn't notice me
take away two t-shirts but check out
this this is so cute right you got this
one pause daata eak look there's like
all my children have paws it's not so
cute oh hello okay painting the house
step 2
bring the tester back well actually you
get to keep the tester but bring back
and get the real one that you want which
we chose yesterday save our teepee still
here beep TP TP for my bunghole second
you guys remember listen guys
by that there's Monstar Jack pork or oh
my god let me get out of Encino when it
knows
yeah that Middle West are yours he had
one yeah doesn't miss you have one
okay we're thinking again serious with
your hypothesis which one you got the
sticky thing here gentleman's a sticky
things I feel like we just stick to it
may just die that seems kind of mean and
you've got this thing which is a bit
crazy it's like it looks like a tennis
racket would like grids yeah that'll be
funny watching you run around the house
prints what the mo but I think that just
a normal thing I look odorless isn't no
I do der this one Owen is not used for
only as an insecticide what only
if we spray that on the dog's the cats
will stay away from them self setting
mousetrap it's horrible I think it's a
game it's not a game I'll fall in there
you know yeah forget like Korea
Electrify this one yes and then they
just fall in there and then you open
theirs off you get Erica
oh these rugs I mean I just haven't seen
it would love this oh my god put it on
her over you like take a shot
yeah yeah I know like put it on the
husband's possibly wrong
same painting our nails whoa oh there
you go yeah when did it go back to get
so I run a store one look at the girls
will fight this guys wanna fight dogs
and she did you come to this game
everyday too dangerous well I think it
was here and I Claire
frightened I'm being shown came to me
that was making a joke
okay actually did it take just a minute
to genius like this paleontology
then the other now all the stuff in the
car all the paints in the car
I suppose I'm to bring this back his
lazy bones and lazy bones
feels kind of alone though it's all on
its own and back for the video and life
check out these little guys Oh was it
cutie pie one looks a little apart in
the back is kind of shown through
there from Erin Madden is that correct
that is correct I did little advice
they will be going on new subscribers
wall as soon as we get that up and
running yo but obviously at the moment
bit of a a bit of a crunch because I
don't want to expand that because I have
to take that away at the moment but I
got a couple of more things couple more
you guys t-shirt organizational things
done so thank you very much for being
efficient like that obviously the pay
powders are the most efficient I suppose
because that's in spontaneous well
finally a distraction because my brain
is melted
what I've done I've created the world
it's the world
it's just some pretty digital stuff
together
gotta go to get my strata it's car
paired for her voyage tomorrow she's
going on a voyage where's my best friend
are you going friend places bestest
friend is going places or in a different
car for rental car reach but my little
Rennicks like a top your top it's not
party as cool as my top let's just be
honest you know someone sent me just how
thank you let's mix no no everyone's
gonna think it's a loner I know the
lights are got no hands like oh my god
I'm stuck behind some idiot you know
you're not used to driving a car because
obviously I don't drive this car and it
clutch is like sponge here oh the brakes
are spongy - haha oh boy I don't even
know we're gonna make it
have flavored fragrances flavor you mean
just fragrances but what's it for oh
it's your I think it's for the inside of
the car
first turtle wax my finger am I trying
to do it here
so anyway tell them telling about you
paint your room
everything's going to paint a room when
we get back any color she wants the
clearances the cheese again I grande
pink one more detail like green dark
green and hot pink like food dark green
hopping world and one orders it the wall
is going oh yeah the big walls the two
big walls are going to be kind of like a
light line green and then the two
smaller walls would be like the bright
green and then my drawers and for joke
and stuff will be hopping pinkies I
think Anna was like that you're gonna go
for a purple or something no my room's
already put purple I didn't need to be
painted but I just poured a bit he seems
super cool back put their block rocking
beats I didn't realize how dirty my
hands are gonna get when I when I
undertook this fast
well it is a car
misty stuck thanks for being us all yes
great help to get it little ill hello
hello
give give take take it you smile shot
black stuff on it
what that isn't oh yeah the part cool
down before you do this I'm just trying
to teach you guys you know I wanted to
show you what happened if you add didn't
let the car cool down you know oh and
it's got a new t-shirt I hate children
of paws have you guys got paws huh
just in case anyone forgot him this is
it pause that ie donate what you can or
buy things or just visit them and tell
them they're awesome but this we should
do just in case you forgot I paused a
few night pause that a yeah there you go
congratulations you've got a pop
someone's stolen my chair I'm friends
you're my work someone has stolen my
chair my new boss hi boss aye sir ma'am
good job today
ah come on but we're moving soon rule of
thumb what oh look I put together the
thing that we got it's a carpet cleaner
damn thingy it does something look for
heavy traffic and it also doesn't pets
pet study oh look someone sent us their
doggies Erin Madden food did you
get my number
how happy are you is that we're not
leaving course we're not leaving work
happy we're not leaving County Court
it's a pasta and it's a pie hmm not my
one you think so the chicken and the
bacon uh Hank what are you doing
it's pretty why is it what happens tell
them tell them tell them tell the story
hello sorry I will take this smelly sock
and I will place it on you
quite jealous right lutely Quaffle you
won't tell anyone
I've actually turned it off oh this blog
is turned off now Eric you had at our
hair about how instead of style first
what remember that one okay so once one
time
that's it that's the story
hmm you can see Harry Potter yes really
we should go see it in treating it's the
last one it's the final one and you guys
won't see Harry Potter and you said
tomorrow do you want to go see it unless
you transformer steel come on Albie
let's go see transformers me and my son
and since three dimensions Jurgis he
transformers
really yeah how about you're like a girl
we'll go to the gate and all the left
before them generally girls I was really
really mean to Anna before what did you
say to you like move along or something
yeah and she said to teach Sina and not
to scream when she's scared walking
slowly so we're trying to figure out how
we can I get away from them yeah
obviously yeah but I don't like walking
behind them then they have two dogs in
the dogs the dogs were all like friends
well Alvey was friends with you don't
know that moms and dads fight right now
uh so do we cut your hair really quickly
put the 1 2 leaves and try and walk
really quickly see why I see that way
you know what if we can catch up with
the bounce willing to play with each
other I know if they do they do it you
know
and then you guys ever had a situation
like this
do you have enemies coast is clear guys
we can see them over there we missed
them boom I try to do we maneuvered them
that's one nail to us til next time okay
let's go
how the funnies uh-huh I see all the
bunnies I never get them seen ah see now
it's the toy look you can see them all
running through there you must run along
that path later careful don't fall trail
oh really
hurrying into the green okay I'll be
come on I thought we were gonna have
rabbit stew tonight checking their
rabbits hares hobby stick your fingers
in it
Oh
closes at Mastro's okay
okay hold on
it's not mm-hmm I actually learned that
four million subscribers
I was ages ago someone left a comment
and said when they do that all right
he just kind of hold her nose and he'll
and they like snot up wherever it was
like and that's it
and I pick system it's not cool and
they're like when he does that like I
becomes like he's seen he hear my side
and then he looked for me like and I go
and I like hope cause they'll know and
he'll - he does really yeah yeah someone
tell me that I was like no way and every
time I did that's why trying out he
hasn't done in ages because I always he
just comes when he's gonna do it and I
just get it straight away thanks well
let that comment
