off we go in a town drive to the
countryside I hope this year outside
like I hope to Molly this is the
invoking my rule I'll prepare the house
we like yesterday now let's keep on
going and try and find something better
you have like a back-up plan you know
all else fails what we have we've
actually been whenever we like seems
like right now you take more risks you
know because you're like right I know
that we have a house that we can have or
the right price so then when you go to
meet someone and you like a place you
either see could be really confident and
strongly be like in behalf of general
fort that's all I've got you know you've
already got a place for potato see you
like why would I why would I bother like
you know and then you can have the
courage to say like now Copley either
that or nothing and they say nothing
you're right fine you can walk away cuz
you got your backup lat whereas if it's
the only place you've got that you can
become a little bit more desperate and
negotiate you can come a little bit more
difficult
job is the skills no person's lessons
how to buy Alice horrifying as releasing
her same thing same thing we were just
talking about at first jobs you know I
was talking about it at lunch money Kris
girl and I have we got into it but my
first job right when I was in sixth
class just after my confirmation and our
entity accommodated confirmation America
you can yeah well I mean it sounds like
I only like 12
haha so I was 12 whatever you are
equivalent to your own life
but I was 12 on our first job I worked
as am sort of like um in this car
mechanics I kind of like I just other
changes and stuff like but then I was
just basically you know treated like
crap and and joke breath but I'm I used
to get paid I got paid 25 pounds a week
25 pounds a week so much alike I think
if we convert the euros to the point
where it was a my even like 35 maybe in
40 pounds a week 40 euros a week maybe
equivalent like 25 times a week and I
saved up all summer long
right and then at the end of the summer
I actually went out and I bought my
first high fight answer I did my home so
we're like 25 I remember in first class
here in cool and then for the summer I
went back to the mechanics place he
upped me up 30 pounds a week liquid I
was very good baby
the 25 pounds a week like a hundred
pounds of month
did you imagine like what could you do
like leaving some comments your first
job obviously if you're an someone who's
older than me and you're like I gotta
ash imminent about I made like 10 years
an hour to my first job and he was an
hour and I was on 25 a week I worked in
well that was when it was like why
always really good what year is that
like she doesn't sing yeah mine was 93
actually doesn't ya know doesn't say and
their works in like a plush like it was
like a designer baby and womenswear
every cheek so they could afford it I
don't 18 I think 18 is kind like a
normal 12 when I got to work get out
there while she's gone it's got a paper
I do to me that's like child abuse well
is the nineties I'm just gonna put it
out there I just think that's I would
never ever let my children work if they
were like under the agent evenly
I really hate 16 I started babysitting
yeah like 16 it's it's like a weekend
job like you just mind the kids for
evening do you eat all their food and
watch all their TV it was a really good
money it was really good money and it's
really easy money and I always I thought
to eat a lot like I could go for one
night and get like seven heroes for the
like obviously that would be like a long
kind of night and you put the kids to
bed and all that stuff but like that's a
lot of money seventy pounds for tomorrow
at 7 euros per night yeah soon I was
twenty five a week we done wrong
yeah I think the turns back there we're
gonna be too far as the country oh it's
so funny that you always know your video
got featured because um
oh sorry ever I don't think I told
anyone this yesterday I mean setting the
bloggers dsdm are Summer Games video if
you went to YouTube homepage he was like
summertime spotlighted viola fluke TV
and it was like and we run like the
homepage thing but they had am they with
the Summer Games thing and then if you
go to the Summer Games video look at all
the comments like there was so high over
like they're so mean they're saying like
the meanest things like it's so pointy
let's see you know that your video is
being you know it's being viewed by
people that aren't the usual people like
the usual you guys people at all these
guys what should kidnap aw what's this
crap and you did should be removed what
the hell is this why am I here but I
just look at the comments it's crazy
well you know what it's okay cuz I was
on the front page over you do electric
chair well that's probably one in our
theatres together
yeah it's warm again the dickens
yeah probably Amazon Oh Liam but guess
what guys look it's them when it knows
pinkies where you get actually pay it
the pumps again I think it's topaz is it
only chopper yeah just wasn't topaz I
said Oh five-oh five-oh
lucida five-o no let's record them in
America
five-o the police
Oh bable bable behind us oh my god I'm
gonna go they're gonna arrest me okay
you can't vlog in a petrol station sir
sir but they're on the blockages I like
that house um you didn't did you
that's how it works so that's what
happens that's the game yo what I did
like is that the fact you know I'm
always saying about the open area that's
a sitting room there's no wall
separating the sitting room the big open
door you know
I managed to like we could have that for
a steal way cheaper than the one we just
got because I you know like I said you
walk in there or confident you know and
I was like I will give you a roast
potato peel and these are like I like
roast potato peel I'll take it no but I
Nina doesn't like it so I guess that's
not gonna happen so I was like let's try
something completely different let's say
let's give someone else a call since
we're here you know this is fun a fun
time but unfortunately Nina ooh look
there's a game stop here
so I'll take it are you Nina
unfortunately needs a breakfast bar
oh my little boy is it okay we got a
breakfast bar and set the corner there
you feel about subway no see there's no
lads
she doesn't know virtuality for your
subway I love in the subway last night
subways when we still live in dark city
where I want what I've asked you four
o'clock somebody that way every little
subway helps right let's try to find
another place I swear to goodness you
know my new thing is right when I look a
place up
I use a street view because then
everybody showed the outside of your
property and it could be like or to show
stock images from like ten years ago
when they first built it so my trick is
to going to Street View so I end up
always driving around the area on street
view and checking the place out and when
I actually drive here for real I feel
like I know the place yo what's up
what's that neighbor what is it
do I go
some products oh look at this
keep me apples and lunch
like
now we'll go home
it's on refreshments before we go I
don't know I'm thinking like it looks
good on it and this is a duplex well
he's probably in there is well she's
like Oh upstairs I was like yeah you
know we work from home you know so well
if you talking about an office in the
store so we always got two beds and one
is going to be the room but this is kind
of Awesome
yeah the person is a saying studio or an
office is this to me holy crap like that
was gorgeous you know the upstairs
office area and there's a slip right
beside it cuz and there was a guy who
has a canoe next door and I was like oh
my goodness like that's what I wanted to
be able to just stunning very community
really I would
I love that place
I don't even care like sent abroad vines
although they didn't say which is really
nice she said that like if you guys want
to take that place what we do as soon as
a nicer place comes available on the
market we could just move you to the
nicer place put it I don't know they
just said like they can move you today
to the nicer because it hasn't got a sea
view the view of the balcony is
unfortunately into not what what kind of
like a wall oh yeah like it's a corner
and your thing you used to see yeah yeah
upstairs okay that's awesome like that
okay it's a proper like office eating
upstairs
rather than just being in a room you
know oh yeah yeah without that was like
16 was it but yeah Donald's got a really
nice like all goodness oh goodness
gracious like it doesn't have a garden
or anything you know and it's got an
elevator and stuff like that but I don't
know I don't know yeah yeah you know the
use of space like it's it's really small
and compact and it's super modern so
easy 15 I first went in I was like
we didn't see a bathroom at all and I'm
like enough you're upset great I keep
going through my head like
where you go as you need to be the
window we're all about and I was
thinking like yeah but you need a hot
press like an equality he didn't
children so let me write down
heading down to don't just do it be
thank you it because I'm a starlight has
gone away for the weekend and I am going
to paint her kitchen actually we are
going to pay to a kitchen except I'm
sure you guys are probably just gonna
watch and not chip in and give me a hand
aren't even Anna will probably sell out
about but I don't know paintings not
that bad though you know didn't ask me
to do it it's just I said it dries like
exam you know it hasn't be done in a
while and you can see that it's kind of
faded and stuff when I was like I don't
mind doing it you know cuz that's that's
what good son-in-law is doing when
you're kind of the man around you know
cuz I'm good like that I'm a good chap
or good lad um I enjoy doing that
what stuff like that you know like
building the pond and painting and stuff
like that I don't know maybe it's
because you're a man or something maybe
just have it in you that you want to
just sort of do things like fix things
and I don't know make things or
something no I just I just enjoy those
type of tasks and because I work in like
digital media and stuff I never really
get to do those kind of tasks anymore so
and we don't actually have a house that
we have to like you know care of it cuz
we only lease and rent and stuff so we
don't ever have to actually do those
kind of thing so it's kind of nice to
have to do like doing garden things you
don't have a garden so that's why I like
doing garden hands so I'm like I just
having a garden so I grew up with like
quite a large quite a large spread with
two ponds so it's um I get a I get
rewarded with goodness now where the
hell are they the two of them went ahead
of me I decided to drive them seven
cards this way that Mama Schneider's
wouldn't actually have to drive back to
our house there's somewhere
I just don't know where we're we're
shadow shadow there but that's them
no he's not appearing to be damned
Oh shadow ah we're here I think yep
there we go
who have found the people job oh my
goodness I finally close the garden but
this it's like a teepee that's so cool
that's in there good she not want a
wigwam I would say you'd might need the
pole you know you know maybe not well I
would definitely think outside of
scraper yeah we need one of these drawn
a red one you know order Evan look at a
white thing well you should be able to
find like separate versions cuz you
ain't need one pole here at sunflower
see something I think is nice you like
some where's there the seeds have drawn
the flowers that's nice that's a nice
color for a kitchen well that's a wood
and metal you want a wall don't worry
I've done this before
Oh charge
misty was misty overs right whatever
maze
I find the brushes and rollers but this
is gonna take me ages here I got the
rollers in the birth just she's gonna
take me ages to do a whole heavy stuff
always the Kidder brushes I need your
price you need a brush for you got a
roller in your brush room you got a
little a little sleepy like you huh
it's work there we go tailor-made colors
yeah like the yellow thing spring breeze
is nice that's kind of a green tint ooh
I like the blue I'll color would you
pick ecology yeah that's kind of nice
laughs bottom one yeah all right one
goes and bark oh that's like that one
parties all the guys tend to roll all
staring at what's people would you paint
Mike hasn't wrapped sequel what would he
would like my new uh how much paint is
there in this is there nothing I like
how many rooms you get with this it
doesn't really specifying
lease or flaking wallcoverings powder
cracks hmm yeah painter Joe no problem
self so if you paint with white and
you're wearing white pants they won't
even notice
did you find a white spirit still so
confined disposable overalls or
coveralls large to fit chest and I
should probably you know I was thinking
again I'm tired of these though you know
you know when you're like giving out to
me I can put on a pair of them and
everything will be okay what's that okay
pop this is new also you know those
little disposable glove things it'd be
kind of cool to you want to get the
overall things
why do you want the raincoat fine it's
six euros like you really want it are
you free like outfitter today
you actually want to get this I pictured
it like when I painting is not a
glamorous affair I don't like this -
it's glamorous
to make the paint give you method
in the oven now we mean they do they put
it in the oven then cook it up
cook up a storm like an easy thing I'm
trying to show you there on always my
it's not so cool I don't know how you
get into a night like that would not be
really cool in the house I would love it
what I don't know how you get into it
what is there a door or something oh
look look look
open it up fiction in a little house
like I'll be so cool of you okay when
that that's a new place I think I found
it it's mobile it's gone off with her
mom so I have actually went off to Tesco
on my lonesome Todd gets some nom noms
but I think I'm gonna get more of that
chili tomato sauce because I kind of
liked it I'm kind of like ditch so I
should get more of it
only way
my schools forever so I'm going to go
and select Anna I can she's in mama
style and we gotta go see another place
y'all but I told I don't we back by now
but she is not but that's okay that's
not too far away kind of I'm stuck
so Anna decided to paint the wall for
her mom and this is what happens um I
don't know if that's good enough like
straight off straight off probably
something like this I mean this I mean
this what how do you not like it well I
actually yeah I know I like this and
then I suppose I like that yeah yeah
that's just too dark
yeah so the kitchen look on like that
good job painter Joe let's go we're late
okay I actually forgot Islam oh I was
watching gangland Ireland good show any
guys watching gangland Ireland's on TV
three it's all about like criminals and
stuff in Ireland or do you like to know
from position we are stuck in copy took
the technical vehicle let's get the
cones one two three four five six seven
eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen
fourteen fifteen thirty forty fifteen
man this is bull crap I am not living
out here okay I changed my mind I want
to go home I want to go home I want to
go home don't know if I can because I'm
still
and man no no excuse me coming through
pardon me it's all right
I'm a vlogger thank you thank you very
much
subscribe and rate I'll turn up your
comment mm-hmm that was you leave me a
comment if you let me out I'll come it
up I swear to goodness coming up coming
up my friend I'm Adam hope we like this
place is that we kind of cool because
it's same price as a cool apartment we
saw your on today but comes for the
garden you important you know my sport
in you know these kind of things are
expected to happen you probably keep
yourself Jabba's boy have we not seen
the inside of that house but let me tell
you a thing or two when you become as
well-known as joe paso here and mean
obviously people tend to notice you okay
so i pull up the guy goes okay I know
you and I was like oh crap
Feli Oh Ohio they actually knew who we
are you know so it was a little bit like
yeah I don't know but I want to lease a
property from you guys I like you guys I
love you guys you guys are amazing
but I don't think we should put your
business with pleasure so we broke
through a lot to be taking that race
what brings us back to the original
predicament which I think number I said
to you is like I really like that has to
be saw and let's try and convince
ourselves we don't like it so we've got
to see like two apartments and inner to
house and since then driving home here I
think we're starting to convince
ourselves that I don't think just better
than that one and it's way too busy
taxing people here to pay any attention
to do Paso so Jo Faso is a new Liam I
just got some sort of a brunch interview
oh yes we're going for some knock on die
see you down at Douglas when you know it
yet I'm going to get the green curry
chicken if you got a knock on side what
do you get what do you had fish to your
booty booty as a sort of that like a
celebration of making you decision now
it's called the landlord well the
seems you got your saber that's my job
man this is a joke stealer
some people steal kills so during the
realtor tomorrow we all like hey so I
still have to have potato I handsome
riffing come was like are you actually
trying to buy a house of the dead oh no
I am NOT trying to buy a house with Jay
note but instead of like talking about
money and numbers and stuff we're using
a metaphorical potato I don't even think
it's not explained you know no but I
thought it was I just went to comedy min
ago and I'm thinking of my head car like
that's a little island that's an in-joke
for poor people I'm a style I are inside
and knock on try get him to try food
foodies for my Tumtum
but there's no parking so I decided to
wait here just in case of the cases that
so hold it just in case' because I
started just in case of the case open
hello hello
something boiling is that right Brian
Brian for Ponte hello my name is Brian
patanti this is English yo call a phone
jack ur just type into youtube phone
jack or Brian baton T hello oh I see
it's cryptic perfect it was like art
critic guy but he talked like B's all
the time for this ah-ah I love that guy
phone jacket is like so funny and it
stopped though I think it became too
difficult to make it because he became
like way too famous too fast and then
everybody I suppose knew you know if
he's been one of his characters and then
he kind
and then it doesn't work anymore but
what it did work was absolutely awesome
I love bone jackets you guys watch bone
jacquard if you're in the UK orange was
it I don't think it was in America
hello PVC seems to be an American now
all the time
speaking of BBC and you guys watching
Torchwood the new it's a club what's
called a the miracle miracle day per
quarter it's got miracle day it is
totally awesome
I love Torchwood and Doctor Who and
everything Syfy got some chow down a
couple of 15 you donated ear properly
what's this
yeah monkey brains did you get duck
little duckling okay I got guys some
green chicken curry oh yeah
holy macaroni too difficult I can't I
get the 17 times or percent you won't do
anything that's can we do ah that's it
yeah that's pretty crazy
yes alright I don't know do you
it's miles away I gotta go and only talk
to you tomorrow
look at ease good night
