well here we are and today is a super
sunny day which I'm gonna take as a sign
that this could be alright so yeah I
just noticed the Builder man there and I
was like right so are we going to see a
building site really nice out here yeah
and it's really sunny whatever you gonna
see a place and it's really sunny I
think you take that as a sign it's a
sign yeah look they're all like Brendan
yeah Andy's not even opened opens honey
sold yeah yeah so guys we've seen two
places this morning both of them right
here and one of them is 20 minutes after
theatre because I played them I played
them off each other like that I played
them for the fool one of them is
actually like that one and it winds up
the front there when we were the first
one we're going to see is the one based
on what you get is the one we would
prefer but the price is higher the price
is event like 100 euros yeah there's
more which is 1200 euros a year though
so and then the other one which and
there's a few things about it like
they're probably about the same square
feet but it's the way that someone must
have a deed and some of them are not
stuff a tie in the middle Terrace yeah
yeah but hopefully sour I like the ones
that are like you know there's like two
together semi d semi-detached I'm saying
guys so yeah it seems like a nice little
spot out here you know could this be it
could this be where the vlog at ease I
don't know Carter gonna be from now on
its way here because I said I'd meet her
at twelve o'clock near the entrance I
told her I was driving a blue out front
I'd rather go out from our guys just in
case you didn't know I don't think
everybody does know I think everybody
knows what you yeah it's nice innit it's
gonna scary yeah it's got a scary place
what would you like enough to venture up
there yeah that's all you need like very
like like sauna
it's like Simon Says no returning me
like it's the same kind of hair like
this is dead Dylan generally I like how
there's two girls living here but like
yeah okay whom is the caucus room is
Cena and stuff is this chance isn't a
what the one they showed us is the show
has they never had that no they all
everyone does that I think what it is
and no it's not mine to sell
I love that it's very like the Wardrobe
macedon not old fashioned what like
proper like look at the door handles
yeah like the door honey it's not like
doing
I don't know can use a toilet of you in
your house
yes be like super quick I'll go down to
the kitchen yeah like this
what's the bold room you're sent to this
is kind of cool isn't it look at the
color
feels real nice the bathroom you guys
think huh
Ashish Martino's sister spot Tina's most
uh no this is ship come with it the ship
there's the ship come look we get a
garden though with a garden shed I know
two people help me right happy with that
I do like the tiles see the tiles floors
you know don't be nice if there's any
accidents like kitchen yeah yeah we
didn't give kitchen hello what the
brownie gorgeous though did she say
something about fixing no but that
should be covered yeah can ask about it
she's named is missing a door I ended up
not acting filming in the second house
because there was actually people still
living there and I felt like been
invasive actually film you don't know me
dads are quite empty so it's kind of
like it was pretty effect anyone but
there were lots of people while it was a
woman and there were kids and stuff and
I was like man gentleman I can't be
found with hair like you know that's
kind of invasive you know so it's pretty
much kind of the same thing you know the
nude one except it doesn't have a
driveway and it's it's like it's an end
of a terrace you know I can end up a
terrorist it's not like 70
like the first one but really like the
first one like I'm almost like 99 98
percent sure that that's probably gonna
be the one we're gonna take like because
I really I really like it's got a garden
for the little guys got a driver which
is really nice
it's got it's got everything you really
not like you know I like the I like the
kitchen it's gonna like the appliances
and all that kind of stuff in it and I
like the upstairs like the rooms I'm
feeling pretty good about this guy's
feeling project darn good could this be
it could we finally be the end of our
trek I'm gonna watch back the footage of
the house and see just to make sure that
we know what we're what we're getting is
because normally what happens right is
that em I actually feel them like the
entire house I walk around the camera
and film the whole thing the whole time
we're there I record the whole thing and
then I talk to you guys just a little
bit and then I edit those little bits up
and I put them in the vlog and then the
rest of it I do we just get to watch
ourselves you know so like I film
everything we go to a film the whole
thing like you know record my experience
walking toward our house then we come
back in and we watch it because you have
like if you ever go see view house you
should definitely either take pictures
or video or something and you know
because I think that later on we come
back you know you might be excited while
you're there but when you come back and
you kind of cams and you're over the
excitement of seeing something new and
then you watch it you tend to have kind
of like a different experience of it
rather than when you're actually there
you have more of a sort of like oh my
god it's new it's Chinese it's exciting
you know that's our trick anyway so so
many places where you feel moves are
like oh my god I love this and you watch
it back in the mini like oh wait a
second look at that and like oh I didn't
actually notice I know hold on a second
where's that wasn't you know Nate I uh
boom it's very easy you know especially
if there's a realtor there to kind of
distract you with all her fancy talk
well yeah so I got to the end of the
videos it's gonna be a late one today
cuz when he editing it now but I'm
productive morning oh that's such a
sunny days
son I could fall asleep right here but
probably not so good for you but it's
very tempting this is an iced clothed
frog I stole this chair Nina I saw her
putting it out I talked to myself I'm
going to steal my chair but alas the
flower gets stolen from the Bible oh
you've got a dozen get a new one the
second one yeah I'll be awesome no no
nothing so nice out here today a new
path of the garden that's how it should
be nice maybe she got like gonna rose
like heroes deckchair things with like a
wooden table or something
Vic you need outside be nice you get a
barbecue
they had a barbecue did he oh yeah o MZ
guys we can have a housewarming barbecue
party where we could just like invite
you guys true the vlog it is obviously
it gets hot there you look really hot
are they my summer pajamas they're the
best what's that
camera l-drago beep beep my phone is up
guys I just had the best idea ever
okay in the new place in the garden
right what about if we got one knows you
knows massive inflatable pools like and
I was like really paddling pool for kids
no no you must be able to get like
really big ones you could like sit in I
mean you guys got one of them cuz
obviously place isn't gonna poop or be
nice to have a kind of a pool but can
you buy like a rubber you know like an
inflatable to use inflate the pool
fellow a water like and then sit in it
or can you get one of them are they big
enough to get one of those little floaty
things taking like lying it in and what
happy so cool that's such a good idea
even you guys caught a pool like that
see I know everyone in America like it
was pretty much a pool in all your
Gardens
crackers but then you guys got something
like that and any idea how much they
cost and is it plausible and you need a
pump or can you just like pump it up how
big is it oh my goodness I just like
that is the best idea ever that was so
cool in it what are we so good I'd like
a pool in the garden we control these
little factors in hahaha so what do you
think why what do you think I like it
Oh way to the girl gets back to us you
know you can't be too eager because
we're trying to you know did you go like
I have a potato would you like a tasting
potato because you know vibrating hurt
and she be like I want to potatoes not
like I don't want to give you to
potatoes I want to give you one potato
you know an interesting place as well
you know so yes but I have to see which
one comes back yup yeah here's Joe
versus there's a rule of thumb
once you find a place that you think
you're pretty much happy and almost have
your mind made up what you want to do is
you want to go ahead and make a ton of
more appointments
because like I said you know you see a
place and you really really like it and
what you need to do is you need to go
look at a lot of other places afterwards
that you might like as well and then try
and see how you still feel about it so I
made a quick appointment now we're
probably not going to take this place
I'm going to see now Anna has absolutely
no idea where we're going
he literally you know she's absolutely
no idea where we're going we're going to
the same kind of area that the house was
in that we looked at but I just wanted
to look at something else completely
different and I just called a girl
that's Jenna Wade to her and it was a
girl that we actually saw this morning
at the second house which is the one guy
said that there were people already
ended up so we didn't vlog we were there
dark tunnel but um she said look she
goes she has this thing you know she
said it's like it's like luxury plus a
billion said it's the most luxurious
thing she's ever seen ever had on her
books and she's like and she's like look
just come and see it and I was like well
you know it's kind of right up at the
edge of where the budget should be but
and she's like one just come see it and
I was like alright okay it's got like
jacuzzis and all sorts of crazy stuff in
it so I was like fine I'll come and see
it you know to check it out just to have
a look yeah you can't not have a look
maybe maybe we'll have a little going to
cheesy I don't know but
with all we go have a look at it but
then tomorrow I've booked in two more
places to have a look at other things
that are similar to it and while that's
happening you're negotiating at the same
time but I just think it's important not
to just stop you know to actually just
keep on trucking you might get some
better oh I had to brightness the right
light Oh not north not circles like a
dis carry on here Oh No look at this
thing here some sort of a spaceship whoa
some kind of a spaceship did you see
that some sort of a spaceship look it's
kind of cool leave me comments if you
can guess what that is I don't know I
don't know you think they get a truck
big enough though haha what is it that's
some sort of that it could be some sort
of like evil dr. evil and that's his
plan that's some like Dec ray you know
that is the thing you know what all
those films James Bond or whatever were
dr. evil is going and he's building like
the Sun converting raid to blow up the
earth or something I like they never
talked about the logistics of how he
actually like you know what I mean
buys all the equipment and transfers and
buys the do volcano the board at volcano
that just comes equipped with inter
train on a rail system that's fantastic
and all the workers like what kind of
benefits to have look at a job like do
you find that job a job side a
qualifications do you need to be one of
those guys those helper guys you know
and do you are you aware that you're
probably not like life expectancy for
like when a hell this guy's is not very
good especially if you don't have a main
name yeah if you're or like in Star Trek
if you're an ensign
you name like the Ford and and this guy
and an ensign Bob like oh crap you know
there's always like the one extra gotta
get Stargate or I need Oh shows you know
only the main characters go ahead and
then they're extra people just to kill
come along and they're just like I crap
oh crap I know I'm just here I don't
even know if I don't have a first name
this is not gonna end well for me
why what's an ensign I didn't know an
ensign is no answer it's like an a
private in Star Trek
there was like different like levels so
it ends seems like a private like a B
Junior so like you know Spock and Kirk
you know I mean one would do it like
beam us down and bring ensign Bob with
them and be like ah crap they're always
doing the yellow one cuz then survives
on you dare to be by an alien or
something except we're never gonna run
out well friends and Bob if you're an
ensign and you're asked to go somewhere
and they don't call you by like a first
and second name it's not gonna go well
for you okay just a little fYI small
bedroom
so my two ways to live in London with
the elevator
whoa huge shower for the bedroom shower
you know it's kind of cool systemization
whatever you want poster just tell them
they publish it nice and I am its
allocation you know whatever that was
one point that you just tell the
financial company want to point out
that's uploading OS all the companies
are already wired in five fingers
hilarious everyone keeps cheating me
where's the video today what is the
video today making comments like it's
you know video say it slugs over it's
not happening it's not my fault it's
been at 99% for about two hours now I'm
actually not at home so buy the home I'd
start reuploading it because I don't
know if it's actually gonna happen or
not but I just think it's hilarious and
people are all like me where is it why
isn't enough today where's the plug it
is if it's not there it's not of my
hands
it's not right what have we got syndra
tomorrow all you feel is stirred in it's
like a stir-fry let's go back to love
with my
Susie Castillo has lost his mind
coverage cream eggs for 750 I don't see
any cap which teammates look new cowboy
screaming 750 1,200 where where is the
carefully screaming we get this yeah
yeah is on the helicopter barking is it
7:15 there's a comb with cream eggs
Mysore to my finger
