do you guys like your new bed do you
guys like your new bed huh do you like
your new bed deal is it comfy hop in
this is a comfortable team yeah it isn't
open for everyone in the new bed let me
just check see Varma's I do that here
whoo make up application application
would you let them make up application
then I go to the Popo yo yo yo Popo Popo
yo yo yo Popo yo gotta upload the video
I haven't sent up blood yeah because
it's so super short that um I want to
try and get the tongue zo but I probably
miss it so I'm gonna set it up just
before we leave and hope that it does
not go live without the Tom nail and get
an opening one like yeah because that
happens quite a lot and I think oh my
goodness everyone's going to unsubscribe
I'm actually just gonna go ahead and
unsubscribe for mice can you subscribe
here so I don't know I don't know
and you I was just tweeting there about
Don Draper and I was just saying to
Ana's like I get so frustrated and you
guys watched my admitting it's so
frustrated with Don Draper sometimes
like I know he's all like you're cool
business man
stuff but sometimes I'm like use you're
a fool you're an idiot cause like
obviously if I was Marana
and I wasn't at Mariana I would have
dreamt about having a wife like Betty
Draper she is the most beautiful woman
in the show she is like so well-mannered
she is so good to him like you know
she's so nice like and yet dawn goes off
and all his little skanky city folk
women all the time like Nike and then
just were only in season two it's moment
and she was like he kind of made it up
at the end of the last one you know it
he got told off and he felt bad for the
holidays and stuff you know and then he
sort of was like oh yeah and he's with
her for a while and everything was great
Danny and I was thinking huh right okay
Don bringing it back in and no no no way
her
what are you doing done and I don't know
I don't know if he's ever gonna don't
don't spoil her leave my spoiler comment
and there's nothing I can do I'm
powerless to do anything about it come
down spoiler comment but I'm I'm and
she's so annoying like it's Betty so
nice like you know and then he feels
sorry for her because he's such an
asshole sometimes me you know and I'm
like die like be nice to her she's so
good to you like you know and then some
moments she feels sorry for y'all but
she's it's a really good captivating
show can't believe I never had to go I
never paid any attention to till now and
it's got like million seasons there
well yeah who's your favorite in math if
you watch Mad Men he's your favorite and
you like try that ginger girl what's her
name
no no Peggy's then the writer now we go
Joan Joan cause you might call the
teacher Joan Betty Draper buddy Draper I
do like doing yeah she's gotta be there
I think Jonas letters come furious
demolition her and Betty Draper they're
pretty amazing
yeah I don't know but Joan like I think
and I will who do you think's prettier
Betty Draper or Joan they are very
different
just like not both
women ones Jackie Kennedy and one's
Marilyn Monroe we just watch that
episode you know if you get the pun but
no I think that I'm Joan for me as like
her her she's too big boobs and
knowledge Devon already and I'm you know
I like the more a little little lady
like you so
how's that means as we recently just
thing that you don't like curvy girls
I'm not saying I don't like curvy girls
I've got I would plenty of curvy girls
I'm talking about like that she's got
like didn't mean headlights yeah
the boob comes first and a while later
the person comes
what you know
always really bad yeah
baby girls it's that skinny girls it's
just I'm not I'm not I'm not all about
the boob you know yeah exactly but
you're not like her she's like Kim
Kardashian I know she's like I know
you're like Betty Draper no I'm not as
skinny as you're more beautiful than any
paper but I know that's got married next
month - it is Betty people she's like
nicely not here in the x-men movie
like fishing I don't know my eyes are
like twice the size of birds I never
notice
thank you quite invited to choose
between Joan or Betty I would choose
Betty yeah it sound like I know or when
I write the new receptionist the news
yeah but she's really pretty yeah but
she's got a boring face if you watch
these videos actress yeah yeah and a
rodent here yeah she is pretty she's
just like she's no Joan or Betty
there's just got their beautiful than
they've got interesting faces that's
what makes it go because it makes you
beautiful though
look at those high cheekbones huh look
at you look at that jawline
boo it's to die for Jonah no like oh I
love you forever when you're pregnant
with our quadruple quadruple it's you
look like Joan I know I don't think so
that's not when you get pregnant you
don't carry them in your boobs then your
ass my tariqatuna you can just like pop
bathing your boob or our distort this
comes along and drops the parcel I don't
mind the whole pregnancy like I mean
except for the giving birth part
oh yeah cuz I was doing the makeup for
this woman once when I was working as a
loner and I remember she told me she can
manage over that she had all like burst
blood vessels in her face and she was
well she had red hair kind of like one
of those shit red hair very fair skin
and kind of like pinky tone skin so she
was obviously prone to like redness and
stuff got all these worst vessels in her
skin in her cheeks and she told me it
was because Torchic had a baby
yeah good not I remember she told me not
and I was just like I couldn't even like
to throw a guy's eye lasers off except
to find you where have you done did you
go I love it it's unrecorded
you see behind that no oh it's looking
at fluff if you just reach down behind
you like society yeah anyway it's
finally out of focus give it a second
well anyway um yeah so that was from
pushing the baby out and I was so
freaked out that made me know like so
many things have happened to me instead
of just put me off pregnancy like it's
just so scary
imagine not okay she can't you can't you
get it like taking out whatever push
yeah but like I was talking about that
with my mom she was like you ever don't
do that you shouldn't do that why not
just for like being too
but I'm already painful yeah but I don't
know if my mom is just saying like it's
better to do it not to me
I don't know have any of you guys had a
baby's where you've decided to take no
she was just think that this is areas
usually if you can't if you actually
can't give birth to it naturally so to
have a cesarean just because you don't
want to do the other way is stupid
not that she said all the people might
disagree but I kind of see and all right
the idea that they could do stomach open
though
yeah like obviously the natural ways
probably what nature the recovery
process is probably shorter in the
natural way yeah I don't know these
things
somebody said you poop as well I don't
care about for I just care at the
ripping like oh my god it horrible and I
know it's different for everybody but I
just feel like if I got pregnant I would
get all the bad stuff bad stuff what
happened to me oh not to mention in
stretch marks like hello I said if we
don't have enough to worry about but
there's loads of women applying after
pregnancy don't they I've never been
when a pregnant woman or a post pregnant
woman checking if we have some stuff
there and traffic in town is like crazy
right now
it's really insane I don't know why but
today of all days
oh hello coast is clear yo we're never
going to Monday yeah I know James
McCarthy or this is a t-shirt Oh
interesting
yeah I see everyone that's sending them
from America will probably take it by
like maybe two months yeah yeah
did it work it did work haha yeah good
job James
Oh James is a typist tweet him actually
I've been watching a lot of these for
around three months and now I never
watch it except for Oprah I like the way
you treat me and always read tweets as a
reply Senna is ellonija a t-shirt ages
ago I went to Dublin for the kill khakha
there however got lost
I know anyway here's the money for
teachers as a purchase on eBay value a
seller or one two three careful is the
dresses in oh sorry sorry back back well
James congratulations you just got a
shopkeeper what's enough GIC the new UPC
outlook they're actually offering and if
you can zoom in there for you luck
offering a mouse a microwave and a phone
for 60 years a month that's awesome I
mean in my heart I could use it a
microwave oh my goodness I should
totally call them like it'd be like hi
can I get the mouse the microwave and
the phone and a mic if does it come in
red is there a red microwave or is there
like different colors I can get you know
and I suppose the microwave Scott
broadband or something Wireless or
something on it I think
my hours down on the renovation drink
that we go into the RV for me yes yes
couple of cans and then me and a couple
of these yarns are going on the drink
okay so if you have bought a t-shirt on
ebay please make sure that you have
messaged me wait your size because I'm
flicking through them here now prick I
think about everybody's email address
and their address and their name but
then I have your name and your email
address that you have given true when
you bought it on eBay but then some of
the ones that buy and then I've got like
messages saying like hey I just bought
one my name is Penelope and can I get a
size medium and then I can't find
Penelope's reference to any payment or
any buying or any email address that you
are true YouTube okay this hypothetical
Penelope does not exist
I'm just saying so I just heard Jonathan
blogging upstairs Nathan I'll be cool if
I would vlog at the same time and then
see what we're both blogging email when
we watch that you know I thought was
kind of cool but I'm trying to work on
this stupid old computer which isn't
even that stupid it's just that I'll put
it through so much work because I do
everything on this so it's all frozen up
right now cuz I'm trying to edit photos
and transfer a file from one of our
memory cards onto the desktop and also
upload video at the same time and I also
have TweetDeck open and oh god it's
starting to flashing okay that's bad so
you've actually said if you've actually
bought one make sure that you've
messaged me and make sure you've message
move the right email and the email that
you use to actually buy it you PayPal or
the email that you use to actually buy
it you way because I'm using the eBay
thing and then I'm going back in and
looking at the message you guys said but
then just blow them here which I don't
have a size for now if you want to play
the guessing game I will send you a
random size a size that I think is
appropriate for you but I could be very
insulting or very complimentary
depending on how things go so yeah if
you haven't already done that make sure
to do that
because this is this is difficult this
is very difficult but we couldn't we can
ever dropped anything and pick a size at
the start but we cannot I've been
through a lot of left jobs in my in my
lifetime
um but four or five I think at this
stage so yeah this is probably why they
break because I overwork them but anyway
um so I just wanted to UM say hello and
oh yeah I'm wearing my little poodle
shirt today my poodle t-shirt from a
word I never wear this because it's kind
of like gloomy weather now so it's not
really weather for tank tops anymore
it's like disgusting even though it's
July it's like just really overcast all
the time ever since July started
basically it's wheat overcast
I don't know it knows I know
yeah so it's kind of like it's not even
t-shirt weather I'm just kind of pushing
it because I refuse to wear socks
because it's July if you surround my
boots or like runners or anything that
any kind of footwear at that involve
socks and I also refused to wear long
sleeves unless it's like absolutely
necessary so hey I just started vlogging
because I thought it would be cool cuz I
heard you upstairs vlogging and I was
like oh my god we're like totally double
double vlogging yeah so I have loads of
work to do today and so does dopest so
we're just kind of like doing that woman
that's my hypothetical person Oh
nobody's caught bunnelby Sun LT is an
example or we're going to guess we're
going to just look at your profile
picture on YouTube from your username
and we're just going to send you a
t-shirt that we think yeah time to test
out the new pant which has been stuffed
over here
I'm assuming this is Jonathan's doing
it's like I'm like this big thing is on
top of like all the small pots that's
how you know that a man has put things
away my mom you see a Tribune or my dad
or like any of us but do stuff like that
anyways oh yeah look what I got in our
yesterday American maple syrup and this
one is maple praline and then this one
is butter maple kind of weird um okay so
Jonathan I realize this but I am making
chicken curry tonight and I haven't
actually cooked in ages just cooking so
much what I'm gonna do it just cause
well I want you and oh no I don't think
you have any peppers to me
I'm actually afraid to look in here
and like a Punjab but the food that we
buy that's why we go so often because if
we buy anything in bulk if we buy
anything in fall
it's just like goes moldy or light
because nobody because nobody eats it I
think this is five I actually just hold
on what's the date 28th of May
today is July what 11 10 moly
oh well then don't worry it's okay so
and it's free range Irish chicken it's
better if you do that and then um that's
pretty much Oh rice gpb's outside guys
the Christine I did it was so funny this
bed belongs over there
and I was just sitting like at the desk
or at the table working and then she
just came over or she's just like I just
saw you're going possibly you just like
dragging the bed with her mouth so cute
and grace um
and I looked her and I was like are we
going doing okay so we're doing a whole
grain race as well so so we're gonna
make and
it's gonna be great okay excuse me I
just fell it
I love these are our two brains
this is actually just busting but our to
bring pops that you haven't thrown it
yet and our one massive pot that is not
right
so that's the only one that I can
actually Hugh is even though I'm doing
like a tiny bit of rice for two people
you know what I mean so I'm gonna boil
the water do you see we do this and this
like before it oh yeah and I think
trying to drink more water because
obviously like that's like the obvious
thing to do if your skin is breaking out
or whatever uh which it is getting
better and I'm kind of at the moment you
guys that watch the vlogs always find
stuff that way more anyone who like if
you don't watch the blogs and you just
watch my beauty channel or whatever you
call it style John oh um
you always find it things like later
what you know what I mean yeah um
yeah so I totally credit this skin thing
to getting better to puns cold free
because that was like I got over it
overwhelmed I got a ton of messages from
you guys telling you what to do with my
skin and everything like that and I
really appreciate every single one but
it just got to the point where it was
like really overwhelming and I didn't
you know like who to listen to you know
didn't mean like I've got a ton of
emails like flooded with your other
messages and stuff so a common theme was
ponds cold cream and I bought it and
it's amazing like I've never used it
before it's amazing and it's so like
old-fashioned wasn't it like we all it's
good like her grandma used to use it or
something but she has really nice
Jonathan really liked it as well it's
like they've come to him like I put some
on his face as well like cotton pads and
he really liked it hello baby we can
visit yeah
type on screen but anyways oh I did what
sitting there and then package like
protest no but anyways about saying so I
think the ponds cold cream helped and
that my mom's gonna get and all I'm like
sudden the trends yo but anyways so why
was it not oh yeah
so I'm starting to drink loads of water
like a times drink two liters a day I've
drunk one litre so far today it's my how
truly are one missing much more later to
go and so far so good like hold on
actually good one so far so good
you know I have been peeing all day long
this is my first day doing like the two
liter I think yeah I think two liters is
kind of like okay
you know I remember when I was younger
like I was a teenager and I read I've
never been good with numbers like ever
in my life but I read something that
said that you have to that you should
drink eight cups of water a day and I
totally misread and I probably read that
alongside the two liters of water dazing
and I completely missing misunderstood
misinterpreted the whole thing and I got
it in my head that it was 8 liters water
hey my mom remembers this or I think is
one yeah my mom remembers this like
things because she's still like
sometimes when she's that book like I
literally thought it was 80 liters of
water a day so I was downing like so
much water which is bad for you like you
aren't supposed to drink that much water
like it's actually really bad for you
but anyway so let's drain a drink I was
trying like I didn't actually succeed
but trying to drink 8 litres of water a
day I think if you did that you would
actually like you died or something or
like it has like bad effects anyways but
um so I was just like peeing constantly
like the whole time but now like it's 2
liters so I think you get used to it I
think your body gets used to it but
today's healthy that's ok like it's kind
of being likes that mentioned by a lot
of people a lot of doctors install a
nutritionist so yeah doing and I happy
peeing a lot today like I've gone to the
bathroom like three times this afternoon
but it's ok
that's pretty healthy it's pretty
flushing out all the toxins so I'm
trying to be like healthy for when
wedding
there's seven weeks left to the wedding
which is seem like ridiculous but
anyways so I'm gonna go now because I
have to actually cook the dinner and not
just done to your chatting I'm gonna
SPECT it to do itself so I'm gonna do
this right now okay here's the curry now
we're a few peppers in the little jar
thing so I know it's not fresh fruits or
vegetables but your nose and I put in
some onion it's very flavorful you know
some olive oil and then brown rice is
over there that's it so I think Jonathan
won't be a chanyeol he will be happy
okay and this pan by the way is really
good I got it in the Tesco you're
interested but nothing ever sticks to it
and it's just very like I don't know
probably because I've been using such an
old pan for ages but it's really good so
thumbs up but anyways um I'm gonna serve
dinner now
that's not for you Cena he beat toys
hello holy crap holy oh then there is
home oh sorry sir I just have to kill
Mike oh man oh crap Oh stress mmm Ryan I
quit it
what an investor there's no room on your
desk there like at 26 killstreak you're
going on oh thanks so much baby I love
you last night we decided to go swap
seats on the sides of the beds I decided
to take an aside which is a fixed side
and I took my broken side listener
slanty it's slopes there so how was your
night
how did you feel on your side it's like
it's fine for sitting and watching you
have to go to sleep your legs look
elevated off more than your like back so
it's really uncomfortable you feel like
you're any one of those you know
hospital beds where you have like Legos
yeah you know like you have a cast or
something not not very don't you uh yeah
it was just horrible I was just like oh
my god this is the worst ever I've been
there nice firm weeks we need to change
those sheep anyway they were like the
sparrow so here I decided to take the
good side as we had caught us this is me
doing this thing but I have this my hand
so turns into this thing and it was
horrible and I woke up and I'm actually
in more pain than it was been sleeping
on the actual broken bed I think my body
is like arched or adjusted or something
so I'm going back to the broken car
