oh no baby boy editing is something like
you always like and it's hard to use
your family because you need to type for
them work around it only mm-hmm Oh me
yes we do hmm it seems probably it's not
a lot beside Anna in the bed or
something
Steve Athena so please just like some of
me but still no me only cooks is like
Daddy today mommy daddy Robby
you know we're getting married next
month
what yeah cuz we get mine for September
but Ana realized yesterday when she was
writing stuff on the calendar and she
flips it over and she's like hold on a
second next month because it's like
September first but we're actually
leaving for Italy in like the 28th or
something which is like next month and
it's like holy crap polar they go see ya
it's like I say it was like oh that's
where he goes I'm getting married next
month
oh I am
z3 so an allergy and I just got a bed
for Elephants it's four large or large
medium flights but somebody I know said
that she has two small dogs and she just
puts them both in the same bag oh you're
so
oh and then I friends it's a
dispenser incentive pet place to bag
that you tie on to that amazing
actually always Tibet that this exists I
never come here
what is that that's weird
it's kind of nice though break feeders
what this is the stuff that you put
around your balcony you know if you want
that's my name so I got Jonathan's I'm
freaky Ellen and German
in debates oh no we're not moving
Sparkle or in the mood for an OnPoint
pencils so that's the bigger boy right
there
I know we just realized that I'm in this
underworld not seems to me at least the
fast so it's like
for you have to defeat whatever
do you guys want to see my Sunday world
magazine article okay should I show you
okay so it's in the back there is see
there's me Suzanne and Lorna there's
more nos Suzanne wait that's cool yeah
it's actually really nice what they said
so yeah hmm Tina brothers in the bags
nothing oh yeah what's the best thing oh
yeah Anna yeah you can sauce comes
naturally to the beauty her blog the
stylized his daily videos showing you
how to master everything from Catholic
Ireland to putting together a perfect
look for your first day of college
whatever fiance Johnson Joey a minute
Jonathan is opening the bed so I got my
mom caught her out in cement you have to
say thank you too OMA it's huge for big
dogs
anyway that's this now this guy's German
meatballs German meatballs I'll be stole
these ones from us look I hung up all
the washing all both baskets of washing
did all that guys what are you gonna
make him do might get half I'll be
oh my goodness an entire meatball I came
to stay away from each other
Athena's got an entire meatball
mm-hmm this is what we're interested in
this is the fish is all ready to eat no
point messing about it with cooking just
straight in yum yum
we got a new pan pizza come on Japan
devil the weights little scratches are
like poisonous did you know someone said
that yes
and I was like no they're not and then I
said to my mom and she's like yeah they
actually are so I got a new pit well but
honey that's like a non scratchy yeah
but look it's got a little rusty just
don't use any metal yeah but I look that
little red team means the heats up guys
did you know about two felt was actually
am a material that was created during
the moon landing when they needed to
create I think it was like when you're
in the moon in the 60s they needed to
figure out a way of doing something and
they came up with FL or tap out which is
this stuff so this is kind of like
science fictiony I'm just gonna go ahead
and keep that to myself okay you're not
supposed to steal flowers for other
people's gardens so not really much
happened today um it was one of those
days where I talked to myself I've only
ever played call of duty black ops the
campaign like one time when I first got
it and now I talk to go on I'll give it
another go
and in one sitting I completed the
entire game why was that with her mom I
did that today we're bad I don't know
eight hours or something you know those
kind of days everybody's have gotta have
those they from time to time just to
finish that day off we're having chicken
quarter pounders all around for everyone
that's it can't even make dinner just
got a couple of chicken quarter pounders
grill them up I'm gonna make a tasty
tasty treat if you like a tasty treat
it's okay if you want tasty treats
because you're at your castle and your
that of tasty treats that's imported
tomorrow dyes dyes guys because we
should be able to hopefully resolve our
situation and get a definitive even
talking about I don't know I'm dumb for
you play video games all day long
although you're sitting here like you
think some movie like whoa he just get
so dumb you know Gertie be all that on
here so I huh huh entertain me man I'm
drunk on TV so it's like drunken
computer games yeah so it's like
hopefully tomorrow we're gonna go see a
place yeah I'm coming now I'm just
having a chat with me mates mates rates
and yeah hoping tomorrow we're gonna see
the place gonna be able to call places
tomorrow hopefully swear to have I'm
just hanging there you guys we're gonna
go back up I'm gonna watch a ton of mad
men get into bed probably eat some
sweeties and go asleep because today
wasn't very productive okay not all of
us were LK mean I was in the newspaper
we did manage to get a pet bag pooi
dispenser thing which is like a
dispenser and scented pet waste bikes
with tie handles isn't that kind of cool
look I think you might kind of clip it
onto the leaf so no walk around can I
quip it out
who comes like I got you I got you
covered in case of poopoo emergencies
but um yeah I don't a pan I don't know
any no I'm stayin how was your Sunday
guys leave me some comments and let me
know how your Sunday was okay was it was
it as exciting as my Sunday or was it
way more exciting why are you guys still
here like watching all the or something
or go to another chat one chicken burger
see you guys tomorrow I shall be more
awake
