the new summer game I'm not recording
you are so Jonathan's being a bit of a
Fiat first because Jonathan does not
want to go to mamas we drink done
another one to go to his mother-in-law's
heroin law and I do you like my plan
braids if you're American
moans if you're English more and more
humid everywhere from mom bar
Oh farmer jokes it and look I've got
what look actually look away I've got
like this really bad spot right here
it's so gross I can't show you it's so
disgusting I hate it and oh my god
earlier John was in here he's just like
messing and stuff and I was like on the
computer whenever he's gone you're in
place with that wooden spoon funnily I
don't know where he just went let me
just demonstrate you she's walking
around like a baby and then funny he
went what and okay but like whack and
whack himself like actually beat himself
on the phone with this niggas like oh
like why would you do that why don't you
beat yourself up with a wooden spoon he
just like it's like that guy from oh my
god
name I can't remember but he's in The Da
Vinci Code we keep whipping himself it's
actually not funny Oh what did you ever
see that um Jimmy Fallon did like a
really funny
um version uh yeah like a kind of weak
moment Jimmy Fallon look at you all like
Oh Jimmy Fallon over she nearly rather
than People's Choice Award er I don't
know it was like an award choice from
the Ransom gossip site know what was on
you're actually a complete freak anyway
no it was on some it was me
the MTV Awards or something that's why I
was watching it but yeah he was doing
like an empress actually it wasn't him
it was somebody else was but it was his
like thing and he was there doing an
impression of them
yeah latino guy albino you know I'll be
home by now
Wow and he's like whipping himself but
it's not for me Eureka he just like
every time we make some mistake or
anything why would you do that
stupid you can do with your ponytails
hey watch it okay
howdy Pete oh yeah oh my would call
these pigtails but I also picked up
lines
oh no that's pigtails pink you like
single one is a picked a ponytail yeah
that's a pigtail know that Pippi
Longstocking had pigtails but these are
plants it's a planet pigtail okay but
pigtails to me would be like yeah long
tails and non planet ponytail but it
planet ponytail on both sides is a
pigtail no I don't know not now because
I remember when I was younger like my
mom would call these plants yeah but
they're there or if you're in have
braids but that are in this style
yeah but then oh my oh my my oh my we're
always calling pigtails and I'd be like
but I thought that was just because she
was German that you she just got a ride
consider that style to be opinion yeah
but you see pigtails are ponytail would
have different got a ponytails pigtail
or a platen pigtail you can have many
different no no pigtails are two ponies
one of these always be a big yeah I
didn't plan these are plants plants okay
not pigtails maybe in German pigtails
put into bats but that's just I don't
know what would it be
shrine blood diamond service Ryan's Ryan
thanks Ryan
fish isn't she fun unity
Budhia bye guys I think or is it a
tongue oh I have no idea you are so is
it snake that's it
my son oh it is niggaz slang it
slang did I do think ha ha I think I did
because actually I'm not gonna say it's
gross but basically my friend had this
like exchange student guy over and like
weirdo say would you like to see my /
yes he said a java a new language slang
Tom with our well and he like because he
had a holder so I don't know freakin
gross but anyways if she's watching this
was gonna be like why did you tell me
for what my Haitian can imagine I mean
this Emma I'm a sister huh no Emma my
friend Emma um yeah she told me that it
was like an exchange student ha ha why
doesn't watch these videos that would be
very ours so anyway if you're like oh
that would time when I was in Ireland I
played joking none of the girls got it
and they all thought I was just gonna
sting Cheryl and I'm sure with a joke I
know boys are often don't why would you
say that
hey canary I feel like I just made up
Shuang I think that's not even a tail at
all that's just we make up words we fix
the washing problem guys we have it
solved like it was so simple like I
don't know why we didn't talk about this
beforehand take all the washing from AMA
stylize house and get it done there so
it turns out that what did you say to
your call them what you call that I know
I know HS hey tails
I know no ha ha tiny drop gangrene way
guys so we can just back me up on this
one planet pigtail exactly and Pippi
Longstocking had private place pick out
she had fats no
okay these are that okay just because I
have hair bubble they're they're just
stuck so if you put a hair bubbly we're
going to talk to you have picked a look
first and then you clasp it
that's pilot pigtails but if you just
flash it like this straight away yes
what if you tell me she is a granny she
is tasty
whoa are they cool is that is that
whatever that hip now no whatever is it
t.j.maxx it o is that our work there you
go that's it guys forget about runways
and trends here an exclusive tin take a
max the captain also also just like to
know I was lighting once more I was
lying to you again I was told spaghetti
bolognaise okay I Drive all the way over
here what's presented to me look at this
squiggly pasta with squiggly squiggles
and I get some like jobs dinner but I
was told spaghetti bolognaise
exactly rated R or PG&E PG hours or is
the other one what rated or means like
rated or yes it is kind of cool and this
railway right oh my god I like that too
I'm at the opposite as well I'm an
opposite Oh which way you guys are
burritos
I see those obviously don't even need
the silverware
what either yeah it's cool you don't
when you put in that I do do do I'm a
designer for ker I'm a foreground no
this is hi I'm really I just like it we
can for um no but do you see even though
like they're always this way around and
I always swap them around and I use this
for I'm a traveler I'm a right-handed
traveler eyeshadow with my knife
you can't shovel with a knife and then I
cope with the same before what are you
are you a righty shovel or a lefty
juggler very important we have reached a
conundrum lifetime Ben & Jerry's have
brought a new coconut early fair ice
cream or haagen-dazs cookies and cream
what do you guys think what do you think
he'll be which one which one
cookies and cream or coconut early foot
I guess you mean that one Cena which in
do on did you have fun with Erica or
machine did you have fun with Erica
emoji so you know it's upstairs for a
while with the girls yeah we're probably
having girl time
girl time oh my god then you guys
remember Girl Talk
I remember it was 1993 I was in my
cousin says in Danbury Connecticut we
had gone to the Danbury mall and she
bought this Mary Shannon by the way hi
Shannon said she watches blogs she
bought this game called Girl Talk right
and we went back in her house and and
you like I don't happen but you were
trying to find a perfect date so like we
spun the thing around it was like call
Brad it was like there's like hi it's
Brad I'm sorry I'm
available or something like that you're
like till eventually you you got it was
like hi it's March and I'm on your date
it's like it was crazy oh well yeah you
guys live in Danbury Connecticut
what's up boy
I'm going to win oh look at where my hip
hop's that's how you know you're not on
fire
nekron you gonna burn out on the evening
walk is with the dog is under Nina's
where's the doggy there's the doggy
where's the geophys
I'm the Joker's there's the Nina and the
Xena
the Alvey and each office going for a
walk is time I leave Xena javis Nina's
walks is sponsored by walking walking
dot-com
won't you look pretty with your pigtails
don't ever say that even though I made
me feel do it strike no that's going to
the portion of ourselves a while time
what's in a whale's berries or the well
berries in the bushes anywho Zeos Monday
morning I'm going to the printers guys
so I'm putting this up tomorrow which is
Sunday so tomorrow's the last don't
listen hit life you don't for it to have
to get a passport - if you guys want
well if you want you guys keep coming to
his own wedding by the way could you let
me doesn't have a passport
cuz I do babe if you work for the Irish
government oh my god show me I'm totally
like Joker's right now because I'm like
interrupted even under and it you know
though if you want to get a you guys
t-shirt like in the first batch here you
guys are like on a plane cotton and okay
when to presenting cotton and cool I'm
going to thank you did loom loom I am a
fruit diversity time I'm a
little you guys I'm a fruity fruity
little yoga teachers what the first
thing of the loop oh just mean that you
can come to my channel you hate oh I'm a
you guys boom
you just been you've just been pointed
out of the crowd for being hatred energy
anyway let me get this out because I'll
forget and then I'll plug the video the
first batch of you guys so I'm going to
printers on Monday I'm going to email
the printers on Monday and if you want a
small medium or large I'm going to have
to organize that really if I don't get
this out it won't be done I'm gonna kick
you in the face next time you say
anything all right you're right you're
beaten beatdown oh it's windy now let's
got editor that no it's ready
how the hell just had it seem to get in
there Xena
come on she can't she
come on come on come on come on
Josephine bunny come on Xena come on put
her how did you get in the first come on
how did she give you there oh yeah
sing the bunny crazy or else she went in
there I'll be would never do things that
where she's gone now
is there a way out of there
oh my goodness did you get true right I
would never do something like that easy
so pretty quickly when printers on
Monday tomorrow so this is like inside
the last chance to get a you guys he
should put this will be the first boxing
on the order so everyone so far that's
going this they're going to get their
ship dancer think about a week look at
the back no shift America if you order
them after tomorrow
and it just means it's going to be just
a little bit extra time you know that's
all it's not not saying like you know
you'd Louis time to order them but I'm
just saying like this Peter first batch
it's going after printers what I wanted
to say that is it I got it out before a
grumpy grump person
hey new user
