now Alby are you taking care of those
t-shirts for me are you are you taking
care of them you gonna make them nice
and smelly for all the peoples everyone
loves you
this is you guys central this is how
this job here all these things to get
the most inky smelly my friend Kyle
watch my show thanks for watching on
supported me for you okay favorite I
never actually showed you this this came
to you today let's give them two
pictures of us pictures of us is it from
Sarah and this one oh I think it's a
pigeon
Oh Oh cutie Charlotte mm-hmm
oh look what we've seen that rough start
philosophy right this has gotten out of
control but I think I believes in a new
class because we'll build a new wall and
I'll go get more of those wooden things
and we think a whole side of a wall I'm
gonna we have a can so much stuff is
calm and it's just I potting up now and
there's no room anymore so I've been
putting it up so I'm like right gotta be
about it and I want to put it up here
because we learned believe in here soon
so I'm like right so when we get to the
new place I'm gonna put the new wall for
a new year and we're gonna fill the up
and Z plucky DS is rendering
hello gopis Oh miss play that's what my
phone turned off when I was on the GPS
route
the GPS root container place today guys
today we're going to see the yesterday
was the luxury option and today we're
seeing the more and crap option but you
know we said Saturday we'll see I don't
know what you guys have said yet because
I said on Facebook and everyone was
saying like you know totally get like a
smaller place and be flush with fresh
for coin yo and I listen you guys say on
the comment OHS but I'm going to see
that one now well at 2 o'clock and
there's no need to have to talk now
so that's 2 hours so maybe it's 2 hours
enough notice for Nina to get ready
using 2 hours is sufficient amount of
time would you look at you feel like I
need to salute you sailor sailor Joe
looks super hot
well you don't you're here oh yeah mix
it all fluffy no its job mate so swagger
gender you're tweeting about me you
cheapen me what you're all looking at me
it's actually not that bad if you had
that vid the cher Lloyd Sam you go
through the video right it's got like
three million users home and it's like
hater cussing like everyone is like
obsessively hating on and I'm like why
why is it for eating honey you know it's
like did some girl it came from like
nothing like from accounts of the state
no I carry on and she just like you know
entered a singing competition did like
super well and the singing competition
like you know I mean and has like become
really successful that's like totally
awesome
well done share like then everybody's
like Oh blah blah blah hate matter it's
like yeah but like more you guys hate on
her more attention give to her so in a
roundabout way you know its success but
like I technically would be like that's
so cool for her you know that she like
like this has nothing and you know
followed her dream and worked hard and
and and was different and did something
different and
I mean awesome but I love the graphics
it's like psychic boom you know like
graphics firing everywhere and stuff
like that terribly awesome yeah
anywho we gotta go cuz we're seeing
another play Co now Z oh oh
ready fell off the chair just got the
video up got to get out of here just to
get out of Hume
so they catch a John I also really like
about the Panda thing is that you see
this here when people leave comments the
actually little profile picture comes up
from the actual cat it's not really cool
alright think that's good luck we leave
a comment to look the other thing comes
up and that's really cool I don't know I
just like that just like that a lot
rude intruder like that a lot I didn't
top it's all kinda like smooth in the
channelings been weird by them I'm sure
we got used to I'm sure we'll get used
to it I'm sure they used to it
they're real so guys right in here and
he's gonna be late yo so I've got to
just stretch it out magic I stretch it
out Kings so we're headed on to a new
place we go to they again to look at our
house and wonder
find the right one
it was so we're looking at a house today
another house with a garden so that's
good with Barbara the QVC Robin with the
only carpet is a property is the stairs
the only part carpet in the property is
the stairs he's got fibrotic you ppl
varmint
let's get a garden so one Barbara
Barbara Barbara let's get a garden
garden yeah now doesn't like it it's
close to all the amenities yeah it's
behind the tractor and it looks like poo
from the outside let's go it's really
really didn't gee is there lipstick on
my chin because you know if you're a
girl you know exactly what I'm coffee
wait what when you eat like Jesus Christ
Jonathan that was freakin disgusting
anyways if you eat like if you are
lipstick and then if you take big bites
obviously like when you take a bite and
you go like into something it pushes
your lip down onto your chin and so
anywhere sometimes you get a lipstick
like stain on your chin
that's like you know and I remember not
only saying like lipstick on his collar
that's you know he was cheating how you
noted she's been eating your way it's
got lipstick on her chin that's like
keep an eye on him guys I keep your
ladies it is away from the cookie jar
lots and lots of road works in dokgo
laughs no it is okay now it's moving on
cuz the gold man used to go guy he's to
go get her oh he's gonna walkie talkie
he talks and he wants oh goodness cuz I
was like oh I didn't plan on all this
traffic oh I did not plan on exactly go
it's bad timing
oh look making the roads guys the road
makers
you get that smell when I was a
youngster my summer job is all like
manual labor work you know because I
wasn't too smart
haha so I remember used to have to like
do this kind of stuff when they'd be
like digging roads up himself but I like
to smell of tarmac I like the smell of
freshly laid I felt in tarmac and
something was something nice about it
you feel like I'm a man I made a road
real home having to make roads so I
didn't actually record anything that
because I actually thought like maybe
that was going to be to I don't know
like a loose just but I'm that was the
kind of crappy or a cheap place you know
and I don't know like it would do the
job you know fit the budget that kind of
carry on you know but it wasn't like
nice you know so I came home and Hannah
was like oh I just don't know if I want
to be you know so we actually ended up
looking at a small tube at apartment but
it's supposed to be really nice and it's
really close to kind of here again so
the funny thing is that the actual
estate agent that I called was estate
agent know we met last year thought that
was kind of funny so and she was like
she's she's a character she's like I'll
see you guys use the house and not in a
clock tonight so yeah we're going to see
one tonight
it's a midnight viewing or not midnight
it's nine o'clock but now we're bringing
in the little how is the slowpoke huh so
slow she's so slow and everything
gentlemen takes walk is a mister soon as
100 we run there
I am wearing way too much I'm wearing
when I used to be a motorbike man I had
into the installation top that I would
wear so you could wear it underneath
your dianese which is like the the
leather gear you drive in your bikes in
so I'm wearing it right and everything's
gonna be cold today
and Walter wearing a sailing jacket for
installation and a windbreaker and it is
roasted and I didn't want to walk but at
any moment a storm could come this could
cut to us running in the rain it's just
kind of difficult like ETV little sailor
he look good as a sailor sailor look
suits you guys keep up where's all the
water gone Sina you gonna stay here with
me
whoa what have we got here guys a little
pond little pond I'm falling now see the
pond lobby
I'll be like - seaweed how much he's
gonna sleep in the seaweed I like the
way dad I like to smoke in the weed
how he's a STONER I can see salted we do
what we go home she's off they're cold
go find the ship doggies mount up oh
goodness I feel like I'm back in the
studio
cuz I had to go up to the place nearby
the studio and now I'm driving home and
I ran driving home from the studio and
you know what else guys petroleum isn't
no Liam that's getting you guys ever
saved my sayings when you're like on
your own or something to repeat them
like everything Oh petroleum no Liam
totally IRA sound like LV Franco Liam's
forever Ida petrol I swear just like a I
bet like I put the petrol in the car I
don't know what it's doing in there cuz
every now and again it wants more petrol
like there must be a hole in our must be
like using up the petrol or something I
don't know I don't know how these
engineering things work so Jonathan is
getting picked on he's making the
petroleum not notice so funny
that seems good to you
you can see and I can't it's really cool
it's nice cuz I'm using this green
anyways
so anyways how are you guys what are you
up to today hmm so I just watched the
doctor trickle pretty calm to make him
pick up a prescription and yeah that's
why we're in these parts where Jonathan
is sorted and then we have to go and see
another house the petroleum is now whole
iam I really like that top doctorate
that Jonathan's wearing it's um his I
think he was saying earlier it's his
like biking kind of undershirt thingy
because it's like a thermal thanks but I
always thought he looked really sexy in
that shirt and I still do even back when
used to wear like obviously when he used
to drive a motorbike I know I wasn't any
more important he's still wears it
sometimes and it's I just think it's
really nice I used to love when he wore
his leathers used to wear them to
college sometimes and he's dried out
underneath and his leathers were right
he actually still has them there up in
my in kind of storage in my old bedroom
in my parents house but he had like
these these huge boots and like they're
really heavy and then like the pants and
you never really wear the jacket usually
were like it just normal jacket but he
always wear the black so it's like all
red and black goes really cool anyways
but yeah so we're going to another
apartment tonight and I'm really hoping
that this is the one because I'm so sick
of looking at places and because we're
going underneath the price but we are
now everything seems just so crap
but I'm not being a brat or anything I'm
just like I want something I would like
something small but nice like small but
that looks really good rather than
something bigger that's kind of crap if
you know what I mean so we'll see
what you doing petroleum they're so
weird
come on yeah yeah come on I'm sitting in
the traffic
got myself a phone I don't know how to
work it cuz I got no bone my dog took my
bone and he got my phone I lost myself
and I got a little stolen in the head
and I went out there first I'm sitting
in traffic and I had a little burst of
impersonation and creativity got to see
it you to me not so Klaus
there you're banished to the window
you'd never spot the spot let's play a
game
Arnett circles I could break the law but
I'm a law-abiding citizen I'm a
law-abiding citizen
so we're gonna actually go down to am
doing his daughter's Nunez daughter's
brain do Galasso doogal laughs or a
stroke bitches who came up with that
word Astro pitch because some of it to
me like hey Jiwon I can enter an astro
pitch I'd be like yeah oh my god isn't
something like Battlestar Galactica or
like a Stargate
stroll like stroke physics or something
and you go there and it's like a
football pitch that has grasp that never
dies that doesn't seem very astronomical
to me one down the dog was gonna kick my
second assumption this is where I bought
the air hello Judy we're at the midnight
opening sure I like it by thumb stores
it's like a real French Irish it's all
like Irish products nice are you gonna
walk around and see like American
products anywhere oh oh I'm sorry
I think it might have been owners of
salads oh my god they're fake American
accents Wow a different kind of place
we always get the same ones for lunch
tomorrow
oh you're blushing that's right
and then the cleaning spray yeah I
better go clean sevinor means removal on
two euros we should get these actually
all right we need to buy a t-shirt to
start signing these need to buy a
t-shirt me five ten what about a sharpie
didn't you guys have a Sharpie permanent
marker sharpies memory marker does that
mean it's waterproof high-capacity ink
supply permanent on most services marker
will not dry air left over 21 days what
do you think I think that's pretty good
what's his name decided the big marking
mm good marking mm I don't know sharply
sounds cool look mark marks and most
services permanent marker we go to the
marquee Sharpie now so we get to
learning one is sufficient when it's
fine all right this is the pen this is
the day we bought the marker to sign to
you guys it's not like I don't like
hurting a few guys apart already
it's not like I said only a couple 30 of
you guys I just found an extra awesome
mile oh yeah fashion statement here
Riverdance
I know guys I think we figured it out
we'll come to a conclusion
oh I don't like me I know so we don't
take nice house but at same time same oh
nice okey so we save our ponies and we
have nice
don't worry it all work out we
frustrated about looking and looking and
looking and looking
I know nothing okay let's go wow I was
going out okay they are mature on us you
know like they look ginormous on you
like a child bring home what our shoes
or something right bank let's go let's
go wear them fun is a mental mentally
knows doing come on I'll be into bed
come on into bed just a minor house in
Tibet in Tibet come on come on come on
huh
come on Abbi up in the bed tuck this in
and win it for the water that'd be cool
actually we're into bed with you get
into your bed for a treat what you cuz
Xena's it yeah yeah he needs me taking a
wrapper for him to believe that I'm
serious I'm deadly serious see what the
competitor rappers are like oh wait a
second this is this is for real yo yo
this is for real CEO we're what is that
Oh a part of like what we think we
figured out we got a gardenia guys we
get a gardenia a really nice flush how
CEO I'm still sending money Oh what is
this what is this craziness you have
found
it may all not work out but I will let
you know Oh ones in facial construction
it's windy out here today you folks posh
posh folks you gotta miss this old spot
your old spot or unnis let's have a park
party before we go we should definitely
meet up you know what this don't stop
believin I was in the middle of the song
the song of everything song song oh my
god that's so cool
- what is it I don't know that's why I
put it in but know what that does I
don't even know why that's there this is
the one over here but it's a single it's
a single banana just put it on the
machine does not even need to do this
just put single banana say it's a
carriage let's see what it does
see if it knows you want to put the one
banana into our basket but I'm a
strategy 2011 in place happening I hate
when you forget everything you know you
go shopping like as you can tell we've
already been in done stores today and
then we're we're back here because they
forgot everything guys I want to be open
with you and let you guys know that I'm
thinking of starting a relationship with
all of these cakes okay an intimate
relationship where we're going to get
very close very intimate and it's going
to be sloppy I'm not gonna lie to you
okay I think it I think we're all we're
all adults here you know we're all
prepared and ready to know what's gonna
happen me and these cakes unite in a
passionate plea of nomming whoa is that
a truffle cake actually has truffles hey
no running that's the best is it that's
my next birthday cake you know really so
we're clear hold you choose if you have
to choose guys did you go to the French
fantasy or the triple chocolate little
venice cake company truffle cake
like hey hey wait why why why you
disrespectin my cake what's this massive
massive French fancy why is it French
does it speak French is it fantasy I
don't know I think we should just meet
in the middle with this little ballerina
cake it's not even a cake it's like a
pie
