I know I start every day with the same
thing that guys have the place okay so
it doesn't have fibre broadband but I
was talking to a friend of mine at
Palmer Paul for the studio he lives like
way out middle of nowhere and he was
telling about this company that um
satellite point-to-point broadband and
apparently it's really fast you know the
thing about the for the cable is that we
probably get televisions that are having
a TV as an ornament we'd actually have
television but this means we wouldn't
have TV again but we'd have interwebs
really fast into Krebs and that's all I
really care of it so the funny thing is
and this place is amazing this is
freaking huge
I think it's got like three store tree
floors four bedrooms two sitting rooms
dining room kitchen garden front parking
back it's like a massive castle so uh
and I think we joking yesterday dining
we're like yeah actually bags isn't much
but you're gonna like two or one bed or
something like that it has it a little
bit for bed next week no I'm gonna go
see your bore bed now take caution throw
it in the wind to start today off love
second a pizza get your pizza don't be a
fatso on the in half of it okay I know
you're taking out the time I'm all for
that one to eat all of the pizza don't
eat all the pizza because tomorrow
you're going to have a tasty treat
what would you prepare one huge crazy
massive amount of pizza in one sitting
or two days take the two days thank you
very much this is something back next
day Pete said Miami don't micro no
waivers I'm gonna have a microwave don't
micro no waiters
actually put it in the Yvonne Yvonne hey
you have it is wrong put it in the
Yvonne and add a bit of jofi little
hello hello in there made so I'm fingers
click CC me on that one I know anyone
got that yes sir is that that joke CC me
on our because I emails and you
like in your like a business maher Oh
mom down Don Draper when you're a
businessman like Don Draper oh well I
suppose he is typewriters and and Morse
code but him normally when you're
talking paper like a just deceive me on
that one so when I was like you know
crossed click I was like see see and
then at like CC well we've got one hour
we're gonna see plays in an hour
he's just pretty awesome which is pretty
freaky you guys excited because I'm
freaking excited this is ready gonna cut
you a shot in the house than in cartoons
to the car be like oh jeez what have you
got there huh
Oh stretchy toy we taking the pig for
one you taking the pig for a run huh I
love those guys
oh and the girl asked me she's like I'm
the estate agent person she's like and
this and that mean that's great yeah oh
do you guys have dogs I was like yep
and she's like oh and what kind of dogs
ready and I was like oh they're Maltese
she's like turtle dogs
he's like yes in the bag okay so so far
so good because it's near to see wow the
water I'll call it water running it's
the sea look it's like talking white
Iran will get a shot now in a second
wait your turn
yeah it seems nice hey guys
we think lovely lovely jubbly
knowledgeably and it's not too far from
the city either so fingers crossed
CC man that one
I've been stuck behind the slowest car
in the world for like ages and now I'm
15 minutes late because the slowest car
in the world in front of me like I'm a
Dublin reg typical Dubliner coming down
the court lost so we're trying to find
the place that we're going to go see
trying very unsuccessfully it looks like
what we saw on down
but there's no sign but we ended up like
miles away oh and you know what I'm just
gonna do a quick review on the HTC phone
guys the HTC is not as good as the
Google for its max yeah
yeah oh it's this one here listen s
honey was how it looked like nope I stop
turn I start turn all the way up into a
corner around the corner and into
I could be completely in the wrong place
we're in the country
is a duck
simple the doggie it's a corgi gun
and that's a
check it out where I was look how am i
right
no let's take that term right there the
crow's nest II would hook that road and
then follow that road around very
difficult to find something I may need
to do my makeup in the car
we're not gonna tell the girl like I'm
gonna make it some other I took a shower
take a shower at the time we have to go
that's how you do it
and then whenever
watch my hair I wouldn't I work extra
yeah this is obviously the dog walking
area although we won't be walking our
dogs in this place they have a private
indoor treadmill yeah
spend off
oh nice though I figured out once you
find the first time it's really easy
yeah next time yes
no more pylons I don't know that means
but okay oh yeah so we up here she says
an event center Oh Center
okay go past the center of the hill
so far we are 40 minutes late anyone
happened that she had my landline number
and I'm a mobile number
oh no I hope she's not done oh no what
shut up I hate when GPS tracking jumps
all over the map for firing us that's
Priority Mail
up here
Spanish Spanish students receive
yeah
you always know it's summertime and
Spanish students in Ireland basically
should be last year and then left again
okay guys look at the big shit
holy my holy Jolie following seriously
look it's really cool
we start from above can you see Wow
there that's a big that's under building
that's a ship or it's like a cruiser if
you isn't it what guys oh my god that's
our new house looks language I'll take
it can't even imagine like the scale
because it just looks kind of small on
this but it's huge and it's called the
Aurora we've heard of the waste a little
wall who put the wall there us to put a
wall so can I say where we are now
yeah we don't live right here okay so
we're actually in the town where the
Titanic decided dock there anyway it was
quite a half made here but it got there
like just before I went to America and
something yeah so it's really famous
it's real tourists as well like there's
a bar and like a pub well yeah it's like
it's actually the office thing when
we're always going for our walk this is
on the opposite side so I was like come
on let's drive out here and we might as
well drive to town because we're ahead
and sort of pass this way yeah so
there's this like big bar place called
the Titanic and it's all like Titanic II
and mechanic and it's all like for the
tourists you know but I think that's
so I like it Olmo take that go go yeah
just a little run around no no we're
just wondering yeah oh well it was kind
of like we were late and then you know
someone has to watch their hair so the
the realtor was who she was so she said
if she come back in like an hour and so
I was like mom would drive down to Cole
we look at the boat and I'm gonna head
back to the other town when I'm home
well we're not going to be late again
she was ready which I don't want to
understand because she should've taken a
mobile number yeah I think their
landline but those are old I suppose
like and then you feel kind of like
pressured the thing is because she was
like well like do you like the area
because I don't want to come out and
waste my time and I was like screw you
lady I don't want to waste my time
either but like you know it's like well
what's the price and stuff when I was
like I was still negotiating because
there's no way I'm going to take but
surely it's the landlord that you're
negotiating of course you are yeah so
doesn't matter but yeah she was a bit
like I mean we were like what 25 minutes
20 minutes
yeah we've had to wait for bloody sea
gossiping we've been held up before by
others and then like yeah Realtors like
they've been late or even know the
videos posted oh yeah yeah like I don't
know it's a bit of a weird one because
like it's a weird relationship that you
have do you do that's right you know we
hold hands but no kissing yeah
look guys darlin Oh darlin Jonathan told
me to show you guys that darlin
don't worry there's no cities just that
just little town cops never shops we all
shop at video Bridey pilot turf there
Pat it and we always drink in US and we
dance around and gold for our rainbows
yep Ireland Ireland Ireland oh my
goodness guys right I was just sitting
here and I just turned and realized oh
my goodness look if you imagine him I
think I just jumped out and ran across
there I take off I don't want them to
know I think that's kind of mean look in
the middle there's like what erase pages
or something in the middle that's so
crazy
kathedraal sitting on top of a house
over there and then turn around on his
oh my god as imagine we live here and we
open that door now I've even seen a
writer like doing flutter of birds
everywhere look wooden crow in a minute
ah Oh perfect timing that I just turned
to Cameron you got that I was so cool
oops hi this is obviously the main ah
sounds like the ones not electric sent
the orders
mmm definitely loads of space keep make
the office a little so that place is
super nice do we agree we agree on so
I'll take it but here's the thing guys
here's that thing that's not like he
like edge of our budget right which are
kind of like what I want to spend you
know that's not like the top here the
absolute tippity-top miksa team up
before I wanted to pay and it slightly
goes over because it doesn't have UPC
broadband therefore you know we got to
get crappy crap broadband and then
private crap broadband leads other
limitations bring other expenses
involved and and I was just in at and I
was like I want to you know you have a
choice to make you have a choice where
we could go because we've seen somewhere
that's in a really good area
it has UPC broadband and it's not so
clear looking you know that's all it is
it's just ok but it's in a super good
area and it has UPC broadband but it is
very very cheap like a very cheap we'd
be able to save loads of mind I was
saying what about if you go and live in
the really kind of I wouldn't say it's
crap okay it is kind of crap but it's in
a really good area and it's got all
everything we want it's pretty central
it's really good and you know but it's
really cheap so we go to there for a
year and we save loads and loads of
money and in the years time we are
like liquid baby and we go I mean like I
buy a house or we go rent some more like
super nice because everything's like
super great or do you go now and spend
your limit of your budget and go
somewhere that's really really nice now
you want to have a lot of play money you
know things are gonna be a little
tighter but you've got a really nice
house that's the question
what would you do you know we're trying
to decide what we're gonna do I'm just
wondering like what do you guys suggest
like you know what would you do if you
ever been in a particular like that or
you talk like no I'm gonna slim it for a
year you know and then at the end of the
year you've got like you know because
I'm like yeah whatever I'm living in
like somewhere that doesn't cost me
that's not that nice of them
you know everyone's leaving me comment
oh you guys in such a crowd please you
know but you know I mean you've got lots
of play money and ever since like Kirsty
or if you go and max it you're Butchie
living somewhere like that thing for
beds and beautiful town how it's like
but you don't got much play money what
are you guys saying there's some
comments let me know let me know family
hurry up now don't get to it close the
door you with the color like Stormin
love your hair let your shoulder go TM
TM here like this that is yours let's go
to Tesco cool you were doing a redesign
I know everyone's always like hates I'm
YouTube when it changes anything but am
it's like youtube.com for it stroke oh
he's like cosmic and I just tweeted out
there for the link but just put causing
Panda into Google and I'll probably
bring it to you and then it's like you
know it's a YouTube channel Nana says do
you want to accept it you can go back in
any time you know but am I really like
it this is what it looks like right this
is only a beta so there's obviously no
binders or anything there or anything
yeah but see later videos are like I
think it's kind of cool like the way the
videos pop up
like your other channel things here the
playlists the details here you know I
kind of like it
I like the way it looks like you know
when you play them like I kind of I
really like it you know the comments are
below the video info thing is over here
you know fun what fun you know come on
have fun
your ass just happened I don't even
watch this yet but I'm so when you put a
video response to the to the video
fail UI guys on check out a video it's
not a video response to Summer Games or
I'm gonna post it now onto this Taccone
Jordans facebook.com forward throw
that's like only Joey's that's four
teams go on I'm gonna watch this now and
see if she can do it or key teamwork
