guess who's here again everyone wanna go
on an adventure do you want to go on an
adventure
I said do you want to go on an adventure
okay no one's listening to me nobody
cares about my adventure tour eosin
muslimism so we're gonna see in her
place in about half an hour
so um fingers crossed you don't have to
cross your fingers you cross it like
this and you press the like one it's a
new thing now guys so yeah as you can
tell I'm dancing in the rain we have a
full house guys
a full house hello everyone
but I took a tablet for my mom legit
stolen goods how long they last called a
24 hours Oh do these guys get sick be
careful guys well bees getting jealous
now yeah I think I think misty might
expect yeah
for dogs guys we're gonna be okay we're
just gonna bring them into our house
and then let them play today and then we
might bring them for a walk but I'm not
sure because Misty's lead looks all
chewed off so that's it sound like see
we let our dogs off or we've done that
from the start and I know that they
wouldn't run away from us yeah I know
it's kind of taking the general rule
because you don't know they won't come
back to me like yeah I'll be it's
alright look lbs on the floor all right
guys now get them straight in for the
munch hey misty Oh misty hit one two
three
someone's unaccounted for someone's on
the canvas where is everyone
what are you doing it's all the noise
going on down here
ha ha hello everyone yeah hi guys is
eating all the food odd thing out this
you wanna go peepees how did you ha wait
but I've been seen at me hey guys
oh wow sit sit
oh good beginner you see you sitting sit
sit sit
check the I was going to sitting look at
how these still sitting I can see yeah I
think oh I'll be sitting down be sitting
looks like don't say anything I can
stand up and stuff mm-hmm
I sure do mom I'm sitting mm-hmm dance
dance I am right an lay down Abbi misty
Daisy you bought your Cena okay
I'll be so funny I'm sensitive oh yeah
you know hmm
I just reading a couple of our comments
at a video online
I answered in the comment section I'm
not sure of that if it was fully
understood the way to buying the
t-shirts if you don't want to use PayPal
or a Visa card or anything you buy it on
eBay so you go into eBay click bye-bye
now thank you very much and then it's
like congratulations you bought the
t-shirt and Dan in payment option to go
to other payment options and you say I'm
sending money to the appeal box and then
if you're sending money repeal box try
to like I don't mind what currency you
send again you know like dollars or
euros or pounds or whatever but try to
try to send it as a note form not as a
jingle equine form because if you send
JPD coins what it probably happened is
that the postman will be dropping this
letter with the jingling coins and then
you might think to himself I think I'll
help myself some generally coins whereas
if it's in the notes in like a card or
something like that you know there's
less chance of you getting you know lost
obviously the best way to do it is you
can use power or Visa or something
because it's safer but you know I
understand some people like I don't even
have a Visa card please pay pilot I
transfer money into my PayPal they need
to take out the buy things but is
everybody gonna mind in the house I'll
be in Tibet in Tibet I'll be into your
bed
good boy Albee is everybody gonna mind
the house it's your nuff water for
everyone food is over there okay you
actually look crazy Cena
yeah yeah it is pretty cool you the okay
huh
you can just climb up on the couch of
anyone's bothering you okay you'll be
okay you got a little hump Li Oh er me
okay go boy Cena's more at home and
Ollie's wrapping her head running around
the nose what do you call them
oh yeah now I hope you guys are gonna
behave yourselves okay Daisy Daisy boy
and this is the point this Hey hope you
guys are gonna be here hey nice up back
please goodness hey hey alright no
barkis hey what's going on here baby
baby no Barney oh goodness
you gotta go you gotta go gotta go check
out the new place guys
fingers cross crossing clicking
Crosstrek CZ man that one the rules of
the property runned away now I think
it's funny cuz I said on Facebook I was
like we're just luck and everyone's like
replying back or like all bright rooms
and no carpets good enough although some
people yesterday in the video were like
oh you guys are gonna need to compromise
it's we're ridiculous like to put up
with stuff right and it's like ah no no
thank you
like I gotta sign a year's lease
and I am NOT gonna sign a year's lease
to someone I'm not like 100% happy was
so people were asking what we were he
think this place yeah yeah yeah yeah
exactly really slow and like both of our
jobs are online basically so oops then
let's take a right here you know where
your mom goes Ryan by the roundabout
shortcut well yeah so obviously it's
like we would stay I mean it is a
gorgeous it's a really nice handsome I
love it I would stay like in heartbeat
if they change the in genetic why is a
change for like UPC which is the M the
cable internet provider in Ireland they
can't put cable broadband in the place
that we live shame because I really like
it as well you know but yeah it's like
the only downfall and also it's a little
bit like because we're gonna don't
really like my room never gets used
we're probably gonna end up with like a
for bed or something nicer if isolated
and I removed my ego oh let's get a
small foot patch greatly okay seems like
small seems nice stuff here doesn't it
okay wonderful yeah you do actually a
little bit but almost there oh you can
actually see into the pub this will be
the officer and I was in a good location
not that much storage space yeah get the
house yeah
choose a few dogs in here hello hey
everyone hey mommy
Toby hi everyone hi everyone hi everyone
how about is it the day destroy the
house okay why is the tripod on the
ground guys explain was also on the guys
huh yeah okay huh it's okay I'll be safe
to make sure everything's okay
Oh Mia baby we just forget is your soul
jumping here such a big little girl you
bigger than the other two you don't look
like a baby to me forget you're just a
little Bambino just an echo baby I am
she's so cute I know really want to take
them out for a walk I know it's the meme
who knows just the weather the weather
outside is frightful and Daisy is so
delightful she wants some curls behind
her ears and little treats little treat
seals huh what do you up to hey miss D
hey misty misty oh baby no baby
welcome downstairs I get to be me huh
come on come on
hey misty Wow yeah
mmm
Miss Daisy easy yeah
all right that needs to make some
num-nums
I need some friction now mom's come on
guys let's go go go go oh goodness
come on guys go go go get down get down
walkies go walkies hiss go walkies
walkies my little sheep my sheep
oh we're a big team today guys come on
Abby so we did as you put these guys on
the extender walls and let Albie and
Cena off the lead so now everyone feels
like they're kind of off the lead
because these guys usually on a short
little lead come on guys let's go
venture it let's go on adventures
come on come on Daisy good job oh okay
come on come on Oh be killer
that's not kitchen let's all run
together give the Sheep bars crazy you
got the crazy one that's crazy
you see you're not really pretty today
Alby Oh denied what's going on here huh
that's good on here sniffer snickerson's
look at the two over there the two older
ones over there and the two young ones
here so you tempting like them all but I
just don't think I just don't know it
just be too nervous like they're not
mine they're not my children
no no no because both of em respond like
I never I'll come running to me art they
sit and they know Cena please like you
are such a crazy dog like let's just
have a look at what would happen and
Cena had fallen off the edge here oh my
goodness
come on what the hell was that something
like just pierced the tenets of the
water and jump back in the end yeah it
was kind of spooky mmm what's the gossip
here oh my god we can't get in I want to
get in and sniff let me in the snap guys
this reminds me of Abby's first birthday
you guys watch alby's first birthday it
wasn't on the daily vlogs it was like a
lot it was a while before the date about
is it just called Abby's first birthday
we're in Cabin T Lee Park when we lived
in doggy that was like the nearest kind
of park we usually went to the beach but
commentators and we made friends with
this girl who had three Maltese yeah and
then probably's birthday we brought him
down there so he could play with them
and now we look this for well to multi
is to be Shawn's but a little kinda same
high smudgy face mighty nice mighty yeah
hi guys hi guys your friends I thought
home friends have gone home huh what
everywhere tomorrow wavy huh huh get
back tomorrow guys okay okay
Oh gonna be sad guys check it out I'll
be in senior we're actually on tv3 on ad
the show so we'll just feed me the link
to it
hold on it's like a equal Street pendant
show wait wait
you're so cool isn't that really cool
someone I believe me Jason Dolan sent me
the actual link but do what do you
mighty said to me earlier on on Twitter
and I was like oh my god that's so cool
boy yeah isn't that so good they were on
that TV so we were on our own am two
weeks ago and they were hot TVs right
this week well we should just move to
you a tree that if you waited really
really watch us to be on the television
we darling now so cool huh you know what
makes me happy on a Wednesday night a
pizza pasta pie a pizza pasta Oh
apparently the phone's ringing / -
preparedness
what happened Erica tell them tell them
what happened I forgot the key forgot
the key I was happy having my healthy
salad that I was leaving I was eating a
healthy salad and then I had to come
over here because they forgot the key
for the doggies across the road to make
you oh yeah by the way I ate most of
them today
sorry about that they were extremely
tasty so that's why I say look what we
got though look we got was worth the
drive we got some after dry key lime by
the way what no you know we had these
before these before I remember I
remember this come on share share share
- goodness
share - goodness no no I spent the
goodness
Abdallah mixture I think we broke Erica
yep she's broken it'd make a good time
just make it look like I'm using you
secret mission secret mission involving
handstands a secret handstand mission
creep under here put in the special
password here oh yeah that's it is a big
dog next door you know such a good job
tonight okay let's go these are doggies
who has the key
oh you have the key ones he missed the
invasion hi guys it's us again she
Perry's huh
you know we brought into our heads today
they had a fun time a fun vacation a
vacay do you have a good vacay did we
have a good vacay seemed the same as it
was in Iran we just changed your water
in some num nums
no I'm freaking moms come on guys since
we're around you will have a wet bum bum
you're a vendor oh it makes it taller
actually yeah we open doing now oh my
god that's it that's kind of a good idea
here we go all right I got you all right
pull on that taste up right that's
yourself hey ready let go let go here we
go we're going to opposite way folks I
wasn't as oh crap wasn't as dramatic as
we were hoping hoping for more drama
okay so Erica is about to die we're just
gonna stand over here as the whole thing
collapses are you oh that's it guys you
had too much sugar how did you have too
much sugar where'd you get the shaker
from hi guys my poor little puppy oh
crap look at you've done to me Oh
everybody like Tina Tina Tina I think
someone has been murdered here Erica
thinks there is a murder see detective
Joe fuss and I have found a number hey
tell us about the jumper Joe fuss
yep I was walking my dogs this fine
afternoon and I thought
myself all Peter some sort of a jumper
going on yeah I bought my goodness this
one in case routine super poor watch we
found before that I just say that's
exactly what I say seems we found it
dead piggy piggy that has been stucked
inside of I don't post but not in the
ordinary girl purse ever very that means
there is some violence going on
look there's some tape on the goalposts
maybe they were into my god johnson here
you come is falling apart a pool with a
hook at the end dangerous
police this is a question mark quickly
set bread with this cuz misty looks like
a sheep already so what you think
happened but I don't now drow I would
say something you know those two guys
that yeah well your boys yeah actually
one of them was one of them is my
ex-fiance but you call it a fiancee
that's not a fiancee no more a person
