oh wait it's not so sunny in County Cork
today you should probably take this
inside okay
any think Cena need a chair is lost and
the rug is lost to the world but if you
just get this thing to close okay oh my
goodness oh my goodness that's the end
of the Sunday that's the end of the Sun
guys you don't agree there Cena trust me
you do not want to go out there
oh well I guess the summer's over at
least we had two days on the beach that
was a fun two days on the beach I must
say I was I got rudely interrupted
muttering oh it's a cutie pie either get
a bye
he's a kidney pie like that oh my
goodness it's so loud you know dessert
very loud
it's a loud rainy time oh now the Sun
has come out it's all very confusing
it's confusing whether I must say would
you like to play again would you guess
my play game okay come on interests or
into the room in wait hey okay the trick
is now we have tied the cheat somewhere
hmm Oh in the corner here that's
completely opposites last night yeah one
meter Connor okay
hey love the game see how I should cheat
is any way to treat we should treat see
that she's not as good as all week she
doesn't quite get the concepts at a game
she's only in the oh one what's that
funny
see how he's really good because he
actually uses nose yeah treat my teen is
more like what are we doing what are we
doing
oh no it's a tower wouldn't what scusi
we haven't cooked them because we don't
have a fire bunny got like a twosie
toasty you don't have a 4z toasty
what's going on look at me once we get
in and I know actually loves it ok let's
just pretend we're alone in here okay
put this here they'll never find it yeah
ok guys ready
did she Tommy that's her what's the
first time yeah mushy Tommy
this is she smart they're smarty pants
it's ready goodness oh I think I'll take
you speak English sometimes because
instead of giving like tweets we start
using a word we'll just get a T and that
was a huh
are you saying like that's going to Joe
but he's got no it's getting way too
smart okay let's make a bagel surprise
Thank You chicken put a little bit at
this oh yeah oh yeah one quarter of a
bag down one entire bag and a quarter to
go we have got an unlimited supply I
pride as hard as I could to eat him but
that is all I've done that is all I have
done I'm trying so hard
Charlotte has sent me too much sweets
Charlotte has sent me not enough sweets
so we are having a madman balanza we
have what so much so much Don Draper's
my hero I love Don Draper
except Don Draper has a lot of
girlfriends and a wife but I might you
know what I think I think Don Draper's
wife is the hottest of all those girls
now we're only on season one so maybe
something's going to change but
definitely in season one episode we
watch like one two three four five and
six I think we're gonna watch seven and
hey I love a box a little good box set
or something even old boxing you know
good old boxes I need in my favorite box
that I've ever watched we probably
arrested development remember I got that
and I just sat there and i watch the
whole thing and it was just the most
exciting and fun this time of my life
now would you like some chicken would
you like some chicken because it's all
my
much is happening today guys because you
know why because we've been watching
this freakin hours the Casey Anthony
trial this is the live Ustream and if
you guys don't want you guys watching it
today like because we didn't really know
much about this and we just start like
watching youtube videos and we just are
worried enough about it and stuff and
then in about 15 minutes they're going
to actually read out the verdict I think
they're deliberating now I can get back
to finish deliberated I think they have
the verdict but everyone's going into
the court case now but like everybody is
tweeting about it I'm talking about it
it's live right now it is crazy it's so
sensationalized it's like I don't know
because we haven't been really been
following this so we didn't know much
about it but like this is crazy like hi
how's it go okay okay hi I have you this
is crazy huh what do you guys think well
for everyone probably knows by now but
what do you think just the idea and I
see the death penalty thing is so like I
don't know like we come from a society
like in Ireland where we don't have the
death penalty long as you can do in
Ireland it's like 25 years his life and
you know and then it's arguably about
the girl like if she was growing up
what's her Bert what's her life for I
just I personally I don't really agree
with the death penalty I don't think the
death penalty is like I don't know I
just think it's a bit it's a bit harsh I
don't know I you know I'm sure people do
greatly like and this is terrible I
think life and she has to live her whole
life knowing that she killed her own kid
if she killed her own kid like maybe
like you're innocent I don't know if
you'd only have any motive or anything
but we haven't really been watching it
leave some comments of Europe points of
view on this subject and if you do not
know what the hell I'm talking about I'm
pretty sure she is guilty
are you you watch some more than I have
an effort all day and I think she's busy
I just don't I think that if she gets
convicted of like
first groom Reuters that's probably
enough like for her life to be ruined
I don't think yeah yeah executed I think
that's enough - just like ruin her life
anyway so I think I like is ruined
anyway yeah everyone knows who she is
and stuff like just the fact that she
killed her
no so crazy ten minutes to go - I need
some fuel good job I have a couple of
Hershey bars here what what what do you
think Cena Oh
ten minutes to go guys this man's back
it looks pretty serious it's got her
down in the pink shirt yeah what do you
think Xena my hand my hand
ah you're so cute there is like ten
minutes to go guys ten minutes to go
t-minus ten minutes I'll be t-minus ten
minutes for reference okay
oh there's no sound there's no sound
until the church enters you know but
it's like women it starts three minutes
to go two minutes to go it's like come
on and there's this little lives meeting
on the side of it here where everyone's
like chatting just like blogtv or
something they're all like kind of
Twitter feeds and stuff that are coming
along for them yeah here are like so
what's just about like what's everyone
talking about or what's going on here
it's like oh keep up man
what if you got two minutes to go
oh no ice cream is so crap oh look it's
actually skipping heads I keep pausing
almost like you probably gonna see it on
the feed before we actually see it oh oh
everybody signed up this is the
important part
come on don't fail me now enter 12 into
trÃªpa tons of people oh come on
let me just let me just Proust reuters
now it's gonna prove true it Jerry jr.
or Perry jr. something or or why jr. I
think it is Larry
looks like it.peters n't it she just
move her head did the Perry Jr wonder
hint allies station no verdict as to
count one we the jury find the defendant
not guilty
some say we all stated it Orlando Orange
County Florida not guilty for
first-degree murder I think signed
foreperson as to the charge of
aggravated child abuse verdict as to
count two need the jury find the
defendant not guilty
so say we all did it at Orlando Orange
County Florida my surprising isn't it
did you think this moment on its day of
July we the jury find the defendant
guilty of providing false information
yeah these are these are harmless one so
it's guilty of like the harmless ones
you know oh there's the game when would
she get time sorry Anthony zero you have
been found you not guilty as to the
charge contained and count one of the
indictment murder in the first degree
finally finally guys hitch for Shana Leo
link will be down here if you want one a
little bit addition so it's ten euros
which is like I have no idea whatever
your eternity is and it's five your
postage so I kind of figured out that
that's like a flat rate from anywhere in
the planet because I thought that was
like fair Zio's so what we like to do is
that if people want them to have to
order them first and then once you
figure out how many people want them
then I'll order them pay get them
signage them postage them to utage to
them but yeah also I left that in
description thing here Oh about if you
guys wanna about our agreement about
paying if you guys want to pay cash I
think I will be able to do something
like that where you guys can send it to
the Popol box by putting it in into like
an ember a card and then like post it to
us that way and we'll be able to get it
and then I can kind of like write your
names if you put it like you use the
name itself so if you say like by friend
I think if you say bye for now
and then um it's his odor style or
payment strips and see payment
information do I accept it or accept it
none available yeah does like order and
order instructions is I don't know non
body and when we should maybe I should
just buy one and then see what actually
it says see what makes the difference I
don't know but something I'll probably
write something I don't know I'm new to
eBay it took me about five days to set
this up guys you not know to torment I
went under trying to set this thing up
but there she is there she is lads
oh my god
oh now from call of duty and some
Hershey bars holy crap holy someone's
just bought one I think even I was
better tweeting is like eBay is like was
it so much you sold it
Robin Stratford from Roscommon is the
first person to buy the t-shirt on eBay
Bravo Bravo
that was really quick holy crap but now
it's like your quantity has gone down my
white I was like quietly I was like a
thousand that's like quantity remaining
999 I don't know I don't know what to do
these things okay guys just ignore all
of the crazy mistakes that may be there
but yeah
how awesome is that so embalmed so here
is this is these are the pile that I've
got left right of the you guys shirt
these are the ones that Albie was
sitting in his little box so I just was
like the first 10 people to buy one of
these you guys shirt will actually have
the essence of Al beyond them far away
update Oh shake sizzling for laughs but
by the time this video comes up Wow you
never know that could be it
that could be it the rush could be over
but is that kind of fun I also got to go
buy a marker now I was like some of us
was like oh like how many am I gonna be
signing something I was like oh yeah
that's how they're limited I will buy a
one dry linen marker one right hand and
marker and when that driving inner
marker runs out that's header limited
that's it the only ones are getting
signed I'm only kidding
they log beside all the ones that are
bought because this will be em I don't
even arm saying I'm most kind of excited
don't be like so long to actually like
get around actually putting these
backers up they're done now scusi
so much cutlery up here no wonder this
some sort of a culinary gremlin come in
here at night and just sort of scatter
is Kunis now Manik mr. lava ionic mr.
lava
Roenick Mason lava mine the charts
blow up my name is Larry oh cool colors
a torture ah see may come on hmm Harding
Mesa tesco whoo nice top Anna so it is
for the slippers stepheson sippy smacks
to person was a good person I'm sorry
I'm curious about your milk do you have
a bowl to go at my milk oh you do have a
bowl from hey Millie
would you like a bowl this is this is a
testing if your honor just like taste a
bit of milk you know you can head down
grab some cereal bring it down here put
it in the bowl and have a little taste
and see see the milk is really what once
you know
26 inch
because I didn't saw that Roley ooh
tiffy toffee to fight off a chaser
chuffing cheerfully puffing like straw
haven't any seat if air traffic
certificate refer to Tiny Tim would you
make me a pivot of it I don't want it if
traffic humming Tim because my typically
toffee is totally a tool tool is a
totally tippity-top a trophy to take
everybody to see she doesn't like my
tippy tappy tappy 2pk
so I don't know if you guys realize
because you're in the back but did you
see all those people that stupid coffee
these are the dangers of being a DJ
lover getting caught acting like a fool
in public it's okay I'm a trained idiot
we're out of it now and I was thinking
that's something different again you
know what should we get leave some
recommendations in the comments if you
will please guys which one fiery chili
tomato sauce was it's a great with
chicken sorry sorry sorry
squish Nina's toast I mean you guys
tried this one sweet chili or Nando's
not news cause you say tasty chili and
not nose you say sorry who is no sabe so
it's Japanese mustard sauce look at this
one
hey I don't like garlic or mayonnaise
but that one's got a spark of chilli you
want how much is this thing 150 it is
ridiculously expensive
she seems like like this did you get you
today runs a little bit more forums to
it from I love the sweet chili sauce but
these ones like it just seems right
I don't know when healthy doesn't it
yeah yeah yeah like we go to the market
I like the one from the MIR cut papa
I keep talkin but I need something it is
Peri Peri does look nice too oh hello it
says no oh I think I get drunk if I
drank that that's Jack Daniels that's
where I am Dan John what's-his-name done
Drake Don Draper
that's what andrei / with andrei / with
and a ham sandwich that's Whitney
furnished Jack Daniels Guan it's right
there here's another question I have and
I have no idea what we're doing here
right we're like the cleaning sort of
aisle here because point is the best
carpet cleaner like super awesome carpet
cleaner because I wanted before
obviously we leave I wanna like shine up
the carpet so it's a white carpet it's
got stains and stuff on it but what is
the best thing you can do for destaining
that word
this is Spanish explosions high traffic
we do have high traffic let's this one
no amazing deep carpet clean
everybody judges gone bad they're just
gone so what do you think Steve that's
what I think a producer I am one like
we'll be in the wrong place like this
all for like cinnamon is that we're
talking about 589 holy polio and super
expensive cool look at the moon guys
come on come on but ever late tonight
would you believe this this is a quarter
to 11:00 it's so bright outside
I know obviously the actors in this game
camera is not good so quite it's quite
dark does it looks right come up I know
lashing rain all day today like
torrential rain and it saw and then
it'll be sunny for like two minutes
they're so funny oh I think I figured
out the eBay thing as well guys because
this is great that we have some user
testing because a couple people have
bought them and I see that now you can
choose right because someone obviously
figured it out you can choose pay power
order and I said mother so that people
can vote they want options and then from
the other auction actually just fill in
like sending my post trying to comment
like take order option and then go
sending cash to the PIO box and then
save me any cash but just make sure that
if you are going to do that to write in
the card I want otherwise I think people
are just ending me money you know and I
don't have any problems people just say
that is pretty fine you know I got I got
a pretty woman to keep pretty women
there's always a mess er quite heavy
come on
we're the top of the castle who did time
for the world
oh good it's like of the big dip the Big
Dipper I've never walked in this random
a yes opposed though I've driven around
his roundabout like a zillion times but
I've never actually walked upon this
random - it feels feels good under my
feet watch out for the cars though we
walk walk on our side or dare side what
is that like springy the ground is here
what the runs very springy yeah and I
get like a golf course or something yeah
cool I love a good sky
