hey guys happy fourth of July
no it's the fifth of July for you now
but look at me I'm all in red white and
blue
see I've got red nails ready earrings
and a blue and white stripe achar and
blue jeans and blue little kitten heels
to celebrate Independence Day we are
giving up our independence
or it put it into the registry office
and we have all our official documents
I'm Jonathan with little pop so that
they've done his passports out of date
but it says on the thing that if you
don't have a passport you can bring any
other like EU recognized form of photo
identification that he has to driver's
license cut so fingers crossed
please everybody close your fingers that
the next clip is an awesome thing like
we couldn't get marriage either way we
got my in September first
yeah this is just a legally legally
boring stuff yeah it's like step one you
got to go into like this is like to book
an appointment tape or yeah it's cheap
and you have to go in another time it's
like I actually I don't understand that
at all you know the movies you draw it
lets get married and they weren't open
ago I love you and then there you're
married doesn't work like that folks
yeah we have to do this and then three
months later we have to go and do the
fighting part with the witnesses and
everything so we're technically actually
only married a month after awaiting exit
it's okay I suppose
like they're young but doesn't matter I
just say some time for first again right
it's something any people yeah like when
we celebrate our anniversary it's gonna
be this camera first
but anyways because it makes such a fuss
about me being not for in here a lot of
lies so funny because I'm like I'm Irish
if Irish and Irish naira comment on 4th
of July was like wearing red white and
blue and I'm like groans hey nice to
meet you so what is their fault for
scheduling tonight even though I've
actually never celebrated the 4th July
ever even though I lived in America for
so long we never celebrated it like I
don't know why and Jonathan here thinks
that it's because white because
Thanksgiving was like a Christmasy
family thing and 4th of July is more
like a party thing yeah I think it's not
like something that you connect what am
i doing sets get a turkey you don't get
a turkey button yeah to take off your
property because you think the fourth of
July is like a family holiday probably
not or do you feel like it's more of a
party holiday well an Independence Day
in 4th of July was a day when it took
down to mothership remember box two away
they figured out to send the spaceship
and the virus turn off the
you'll actually burning up but yeah so
we never celebrated it like I mean I
know both of my parents are European
like they're not American but at 20 in
it like we adopt we don't have our
general he under
all the other kind of American holidays
but not this one
and I even won like her like any any
independent states I did sir
obviously we just never celebrate or
just like the weirdos on the roads over
just like locked in society lock their
doors but anyways so happy Independence
Day to everybody I am where I am okay
you know that's probably as far as I go
but I am
for the Baltimore ladies
the one ball tomorrow that we were born
yeah Baltimore but I think it's I know I
know it's boring but you guys seen the
wire that's Rhonda was born you want to
know is that Aryan good police and as
good police only watch Mad Men last
night oh yeah because I was reading um
love Megan which is a blot one of my
favorite blogs love Megan calm
that's the blog but a ways and she
thought I think she really watched as
she had her husband watch like all the
same shows assaults because she was
complaining that you know everything's
finished which it is like we have
nothing to watch anymore because we used
to watch all those shows that are
finished so
here but um she said on her blog that
they had both started Mad Men because
they were likeable cable let's just
start something because like there's
body seasons yeah so I told Jonathan and
I was like well they can get it so we
decided they'd do it cuz we kind of
figured like well if she's doing it and
if she watches all the same shows as
boss then they probably have the same
taste in shows you know so yeah first
time you are given a whirl watch the
pilot one yeah it was okay so sexist yes
so funny I would like to be spoken to by
a woman it's like you might be able to
handle this technology he's like a
typewriter and you should wear a shorter
skirt if you want to get promoted and if
you want to get a husband and move to
the country are you using a southerner
so that's how all so late at this point
you know just just do it you know you
can't just be normal and boring you know
oh goodness hopefully like most
governments it's a huge backlog and
everyone's late and they're way behind
time and chattering and we'll just like
going here for about two hours come
outside find our cars clamped and I
cried the guy was really nice and she's
really funny I cook it's not gonna be no
lip with every progress things on today
to just check it out to see of that and
as a visual thing is allowed but feeling
like you're in trouble or something
being in this out no going back now it's
just so funny cos you asked our
discretion like that Jonathan do you
understand or do you have a level of
English that is good enough to
understand what you're signing yourself
into and this is the hard part Jonathan
do you understand the value of marriage
and what you're like what did you get
that like okay now moving on to you Anna
Anna it's not your term do you have a
level of English that was good enough to
understand the contract it's your way
things are like no we don't we have a we
have a policy of no confetti drawing add
actual sermon it's like this is the
first like it's different this won't be
like the wedding you know this is just
yeah yeah we're doing a civil March you
know so we're getting married
legally to the courts in Ireland which
is different but they have you know they
have a room for you and have like it's
something like forty people can come and
stuff like that you know but ours would
be a lot smaller much smaller and Eidos
while we're here let's nip into the Popo
box and see if I got n to eat for
breakfast let's drop in get some food
those people effing comments about my
banana strategy 2011 okay so this was
the strategy to buy one banana instead
of buying six bananas therefore they
don't all go off much fun
there's no point they always go home
that's the banana strategy 2011 her
sadly out of coffee and we have to use
the coffee I did not like so like that I
would even like the and Colombian one
yeah do you want to continue with her
endeavor you don't gonna go crazy and
try something new
no way Jose no man is
having a 4th of July celebration Hayami
puts you in what you after huh what yeah
holy crap homie well my goodness
snip into the cocoa box oh and then
looking just like a small child or
something in there let's get this thing
opened it's that Thank You Charlotte
Lynn calling it my web on you she
actually just Davey blogs as well guys
you should totally check her or maybe
it's from Lonnie if it's nothing
Charlotte at all maybe it's from
Colossus actually Charlotte's boss the
boss of Charlotte you should give shot a
day off or a pay rise yeah whichever you
feel up to oh my goodness hello
you are so entertaining may your lives
be blessed with love happiness and
success congratulations from a silent
far far away that's I love the crayons
truly the other seat Kristina send you
to Zelda and Godiva stove share whose
share oh my goodness squeeze me I squeak
Oh Oh a pink one oh yeah yeah what's
this guy what's this
that's so cute healing meaning what the
hell is this biggest I've ever seen in
my life is that the cinnamon self crap
toffee crunch cookies mm-hmm from
zoella's office we'll have that tiny
grams honey grams okay your milk
chocolate Hershey's Jesse 1.5 ounces of
chocolate no way what way what just
happened what is that chocolate truffle
naturally an artificial coffee chocolate
truffle coffee
so you've combined two of my favorite
things and you have made coffee and
chocolate Oh chocolate Oh coffee
oh my goodness and we just bought coffee
we need to we need to we need to we need
to use Godiva you die if I may
oh I just can't get over this thank you
so much this is crazy
so wait it's from Christina Christina
gave does Elvis taco crunch it's a good
day about coffee so say thank you for
Christina thank you Christina
you are awesome you're my favorite
person in the entire planet and then I'm
guessing this is share this is just
insane
I needed to see onions no just lakes you
see in Ireland you got like
ha oh my god look like okay what can we
buy our cereals like that'd be so cool
look at the Hershey's chocolate darling
it's like I'm one massive chocolate bar
is that cinnamon grams
what's a gram no they're great with
crackers but they're like oh right
I like the picture on the back I think
we should do this we it's a marshmallow
chocolate Hershey's
what is it
it's like vegan or something
anyone iron its curious to watch this
taste like this taste like we got really
good lega okay I think I should open a
Hershey shop look at this oh my god
oh my god cuz I'm backing up backing up
backing up back you know this is insane
I don't even know what to do it or where
to look at it or eat it I'm probably
gonna eat it
alright diver let's check this out step
let's take the air cop we just bought
let's take this thing in here
oh my god coffee truffle chocolate
hey who came up with this idea look dude
I have a carefully selects beans from
the finest growing regions in the world
to deliver exceptional quality and taste
beatings our precision the ground and
then sealed in their peak to ensure
freshness going to see another place
going to see another place fingers
crossed
cross those fingers and one of those
fingers across just click the like
button and possibly favorite
you feel up to it if you feel that you
have the dexterity to cross your fingers
and click them but behind a cross finger
and you click the mouse button I'll be
kind of fun thing to do
totally mean comments that work did you
cross your fingers and click the mouse
well I'll be kind of hard to move the
master dictum
so yeah it's a let's get on paper it
looks really nice
you almost like oh yeah they got like an
interior designer and luggage ah lovely
it has a little swerve it says like and
I was like a balcony would like you know
remain receded LED lights and lighting
it up looks really nice in there
pictorials
the only announcers pictures that give
up such picture so maybe upstairs like a
total sty but you know the real guys
okay I want to see no carpets on the
floor I get a little bit of carpet
stairs alright a little bit of carpet
says doesn't hurt anyone because their
stairs and you know I'm we're having a
fight and I push out of the under stairs
we pest damage if there's carpet you
know
and what do you want we want a bright
place all mods and cons you know a micro
winter wave no Michael no way okay
wait away if I went away is please
dishwasher we don't think this place is
a dishwasher though isn't this the one
when I do this lesson so I'm in the
kitchen that's right here's the kitchen
small so yeah you guys might need to
make someone needs to make it tutorial
how to watch dishes
yeah I like the kitchen
yet again another fails disaster - they
had it all but alas last on our drive
home we went around another area and
well this seems exactly like last year
when I was like okay look we decided to
look at somewhere that's talking about
cider perch anything kind of a tiger I
wanted to kind of spend you know and now
so okay well let's just have a little
she's have another peek and that's what
we did here this was like way outside of
what I what I want is going for and I
went in I had my heart base I had all
like it's alright you know it's alright
it's the door is it hmm all right
this is press is it hmm like what's this
- oh yeah give you a potato first that's
all I got and boom that's it for a
potato yo smack that's how you play it
so BAM - place super nice holy crap hole
it right a little bit outside town but
it's alright cuz fibre broadband very
important then we can do more block TVs
and you can do more fun things it's big
it's it's what I love I love I love this
you see this kind of carry on here it's
all open like I hate what it's like
kitchen and you leave your kitchen room
into the other room and in a moment I
want a one room well we can have a
toilet room and bedrooms but other than
that I just want one big living area and
this has one big living area now the
good thing is if that's not a pirate
price range but it's actually being on
the market for like over a month and no
one's taking it so that's a good sign
which means that
might be room for two Josefa notes that
Kate that's if you negotiate like a
jovis you should know know the case so
I'm gonna see if I can sweet-talk them
into giving it to me for a tasty pot
special I have one potato I would like
to live here but all I have is one
potato that's all I can give you take it
or leave it
