what is this is he just ink trail coming
from over there
you've seen as the culprit here every
single day she takes all why not walk
but a lot of the toys out of this box
this is the toy box here even though
it's overflowing so you Pony can't even
tell us the box anymore and she brings
them all onto the rug in the middle of
the floor and every day mommy has to
bring them all back again because I
don't know why she just it's so cute
though she liked to watch her do it she
actually goes up to the box and she kind
of has like a little think about which
one she's gonna bring yet like it's so
cute
hello and what are you doing here now
did you have fun with all your toys yeah
oh good girl
who's a good girl yeah pleased to meet
you she is so cute though she just has
like this little think about who she's
gonna bring out and then she picks her
little big tummies
she is so cute oh my god these flies are
driving me insane
hey Cena sacks
there seems we had so much fun on the
beach yesterday the exercise here we go
again you really appreciate it love
something from who wrote his yes okay I
have the best fiance ever I know you've
been feeling down today Joe first book I
will make you dinner tonight okay thanks
a lot and I will make an immediate
apprise amis the price yes I'm a
surprise okay I promise you come with me
to Tesco's I need to get one ingredient
I'm missing one ingredient to come to
the main one the meaty part of the maybe
surprised he's missing
but we've got a single day so prepare
that's better why don't you don't know
if it's better but apparently annoying
I know but apparently it's better you
don't like over by then or we relax over
food yeah I just feel so like stressed
out and this is just because you know
it's it's like week one or almost be to
of you know going it alone as per say
you know I think that's actually
something that people confused were I'm
in a position to do two vlogs full-time
because I am now my own studio like I
said on my own studio and that's the
only reason it's not that like we're
just doing this like I was in the studio
working and now I've set up my own
studio and I'm out on my own and you
know I'm doing my own consulting unlike
you know social strategy and migration
media and digital platform and you know
however the evolution of digital media
you don't even like it's something work
and did a lot of kind of like private
work as as myself as on my own you know
and that's and obviously do today rugs
everyday and YouTube stuff and all that
you know what what's really scary is you
know it's like
I intended to do this but I intended to
do this like after the wedding and so
fun and it was just kind of forced upon
me because all I me just exploded I
thought like okay time's right and I
think I'm just going through a phase of
like you know it's really scary you know
it's really scary when you're out on
your own and you know I'm getting
married in two months and you know at
the end of this month we have to be gone
at in here we haven't actually got a
place yet that we like and and on that
we're probably like to be honest like I
think we actually are gonna stay in Cork
like I really like work of art you know
and then I was all come free it was like
you know you you know you graduated from
University and you guys have like gone
through graduation process of university
you know and you study for like three or
four years and get a degree in Detroit
hot in the air and the next morning you
wake up and everyone's like oh well done
well done what are you gonna do now and
he just most times you just like I have
no idea you know and that's how a year
ago I had said like I was fed up with
what was doing something I wanted to
grab my own and we end up doing a daily
vlog in the broadest a year later and it
got me in a position and now here I am
I've just on my own I'm out here I have
my own studio set up you know with Diana
and it's just ah it's just like what am
i only go where do we live and everyone
should go to Dublin and you know it
don't one's fine and all but I just I
like Cork you know I like living here I
like the people here I like the place
yalla I like here and it's not that far
away you know it's not that far to
travel so it's are easier then you know
obviously you want to keep the overheads
it's like low as possible because you're
like terrified gonna know and I know
it'll be all fine and a few months or
something I'll be totally used to like
you know I have no business and stuff
for me you get used to it but just an
issue at the start like I'm just like
freaking out about everything and
stressing about everything you know and
then getting really down and like what
like God what I do want to do this but
let's move here that's been careless
move here let's move there you know and
then I was like you guys like if you
live in the beach it should be I know
the reason I asked that you know people
like oh you should just do whatever you
want like and obviously we were going to
do whatever we want you know but it's
like I just wanted to know what people
would say like you know I live on the
beach cuz I love the beach but then I
love the country and I love the city and
then you know cork has
and no I just I just want to move I want
to get this one though for it you know I
just want to I want to be a month into
working for myself I want to get this
money over with you know I want to be in
the new place at the end of this month
hopefully or we're homeless or something
like that you know and you know I want
like you know all that media stuff is
fun and on it was great no but let's
just push that behind us and let's get
back on track of you know just like
living our daily life and the other
thing about moving in a cork is that you
know Erica has kind of grown on me ever
so slightly you know and I feel like I
don't know she's part I know it's
Terrance to be to say like if she's only
my sister-in-law but I feel like we have
a bond we have like a relationship bond
and I don't want to I don't want to
break that you know I don't want to
disappoint or let her down I don't want
her to think they're like oh he's like
leaving Lee and only mean like I don't
know it's just it's a it's a tough all
time you know wedding in two months
justin is deciding where to Labor's day
you know oh let's just go let's just go
and play on the beach hope it all works
out start going to the beach and guess
who's coming he'll be seen
so yeah and I'm wearing a bikini that's
like way too smart well the top parents
way too small for me it's like this dumb
bikini that when I got it it was too
small for me and now it's even smaller
for me I had to go back to my bedroom
and like my old better new apprentice
and like look for bikinis because the
top part of my bikini my one bikini is
gone like I can't find anywhere it's the
only one that actually fits so yeah just
just so you're aware anyway so Jonathan
is just fueling up America very excited
to go to the beach do you know this
Beach
poly cotton
you remember
oh yeah and you know where we are right
now this is where I went to makeup
school do you remember when my mom and I
were getting lunch on my last day when
she was my model we actually ate over
there ate our lunch here see because
this is Middleton I think yeah such a
summary ailing a blown in a road you got
the ladies in the car heading to the
beach you got the tunes on the radio you
got the wind in your hair
goodness July she lines up and pretty
good so far do we like July yeah oh yeah
happy fourth of July in America because
that's tomorrow so I hope you're
enjoying your independence we're up one
today it's not as warm today tide is
like a million miles away I am oh oh oh
oh no you have to bring like a ranger
jumper sunscreen Schwartz just watch out
for the giant fish I know and so I said
watch out for the giant fish this one
past me okay but it's scary I guess you
guys are gonna miss the fun today all
right come on okay so myself and Erica
we're out this ginormous crap oh my
goodness I know a water spider let's go
guys
girl good girl yeah girl Xena
we're gonna have a swimming race I've
been in the water are you not coming
come on
I was happy playing I was happy playing
call of duty in my room on my chair but
I got up two days in a row mind you
one two three go now my victorious
champion I must rest
it's very difficult line up each would
have seen a socks around maybe she likes
to throw everything in the face boring
my team too lazy pumping what a Cena
cloud glad there was very sort of a
pillow that's made into a towel that you
can like press a button a little pillow
appears
and I'd be so cool be such a cool
invention someone should invent that and
if you could invent that right just go
ahead and send it to the peel box
they'll be awesome
a swim in the sea did me the world of
good
I feel much better now for a fantabulous
beach day in the bag yo mmm I love the
sound I miss the sound underwater like
the sound a watery Keys no sign you guys
once again we are in Floyd
know what
welcome no say there's a place up on the
corner that does them are you willing to
venture I don't know we do I don't know
it's go hard
oh if we have dinner at my mom's if we
have dinner at my mom's she has ice
cream the corner or the Middleton shop
but that's like the shout station yeah
so take two on the ice cream Jonathan is
trying to get us some 99 not right
you tired yeah I know and I think we're
staying for dinner
what have you done I'm not sure what
happened they asked me lots of questions
so I just I wasn't really sure so I said
this one yeah I got careful the dogs a
pretty good night
oh thanks I get the Leaning Tower of
Pisa wanna do bleep opulent
bloo-blee-blee blah blow and I was like
the bleep bloap bloap she's like okay
sir hmm and then there was loads of
huffing at the back and people crowded
around and then they handed me this
thing oh yeah this is a one after a day
at the beach some raw bacon and some
it's roast chicken guys I'm having this
one and you have many near one but no
you know I told you go for I'll go for
I'll go for this one here
what's the copy thick pop3 you knows our
puns oh my goodness happened here
hey look it's completely seated oh look
mr. crab familiar on it followed us home
really yes I swear laughs please just
wear out something swear on that blue
dog it's not blue turquoise turquoise
turquoise doctor a little crap I got me
I'm gonna go do a nip you
I don't know but I just crawled on me
because I walked over twice and then
other cage just happened and then I just
felt something hard like pinch on me
okay okay that kind of hurts so play
mercy that's mercy like this I'm funny
got one hand uh what's happened what are
you supposed to do here what are you
supposed to get hurt okay okay go what
no I don't wanna go down and take my
seat when it really happens okay ready
do I stop at some point go carry one
hand you have to try and make it hurt
for me to try and go like that until I
say mercy and then after drew the same
cheer okay let's go that did hurt though
I didn't feel like saying mercy no mercy
Steven play but it felt it kind of hurt
there was a tickle
I'm gonna get there well you're like a
path on the forbidden fruit was what I
could pass bad Xena
Albie Xena okay there's something in
there it was one of the cats oh it's
miss its Miffy Miffy
you okay you call him you call I think
she got a fright
hey guys check this stuff out how's it
going yeah I'm seed
this is fennel oh my goodness
fennel tastes like licorice so this is
just whiter you don't roll on someone
you've got like stuff all over you what
the hell is that what the hell is that
oh my god what is that Erica I don't
know what it is it is like a swish
spider oh my god there's more of it here
No
what the hell come from
this is so good there's Emma does Emma
like cook with this or something Oh not
eating it
don't eat it on spider a bit net you
gonna eat that
oh my god you know blackjack yeah I like
backs
