it's an omen and paws can reveal the
donkey for July is my pause oh love the
puzzling Oh awesome
fairy superwoman oh oh my cute really
Romeo but this dog isn't it yeah okay
who's the dog you put July who's gonna
spend July sitting there ah
my name is John I definitely enjoy is it
it's Lea's birthday in July
I'm gonna write that in mmm however it's
right underneath it
it's my sister's birthday and a 16 to
July except she's moved to a just a girl
that's the one I was in Canada Canadia
but then she moved to Australia for New
Zealand Australia I think yeah I think
it's Australia yeah so she keeps jumping
countries she'll never get a birthday
present
hello she just watched vlogging so she
probably watch this now but we get a
Facebook message saying and then what do
you mean my guess
carry on but July July please Amani
smella
bro yeah fourth of July on Monday guys
we have to go into the state of Ireland
Deer Island may I have permission to be
wet on this beautiful island of yours so
that's gonna happen on Monday guys yeah
they're gonna be quite gates in the open
open it's all like come in my child
coming in my job probably not quite like
that
yes I do I'm Mary did it say in the farm
get out of my office
you guys got it in July you should know
better
is it ho supposed to trick
oh it doesn't it no yeah dingos ask
remember yesterday yeah yeah cuz I like
you yeah I'm scrubbing it and then some
people said that everyone's bulb that's
the communal deal in Sebastopol and a
lot of people said to not exfoliate um
too much which i think i was doing
because I was just like you know like
scrubbing at it I didn't do it last
night and then it's better for me to
just done that why you mmm
so kids if you've got is it it's not you
know I think it is like okay well don't
scrub your face you'll make it too much
oh I do it like July please underneath
smell of your fresh-cut grass and a
woman of middle-class doctor phones
another yeah the coffee's here my love
look at me my god oh sure that I went
for the Jamaica Rose man its robust you
like that Koopman you like a cup money
she gave it to him and now he's afraid
of it he won't use it because we're not
gonna guys yeah I don't know would you
trust that Cup look at the seat where
the edges are kind of like on it you see
this - damn it look at the difference
you see you see you see I want just a
couple nice taking my Jamaican Ross Mon
Oh smells good MA tastes good Mon puttin
my
TomTom making me feel water man it's the
coffee of the new generation my Nina did
you like smell of McCarthy Nina will
like it mean and you see the stuff at
the top by the way
captain oh my god everything's cool
everything's Singlish so because
Jonathan has disappear of work today he
told me take her with the flag indeed
he's angry at me right now anyway so
also because our washing machine is
booked so it is right there it's full
stupid old water like OMG we had to like
wash our clothes in the bathtub and
don't want a million fly is floating
around right there it's actually so bad
you can actually probably see it on
camera anyways so I masked York it was
manually and now they're dripping
everywhere so can you see like totally
wet I think they've stopped dripping now
but it's just really not good so you
live beneath us and you tried having a
little drippy drippy in your home yeah
that's probably our fault Xena
fold fold oh okay don't forget I wasn't
like hitting her okay looks like a
little tap but um I'm really gonna get
like a hundred comments being like dog
abuse but yesterday no bold kids to
learn that she's not gonna bite my
animals or other people's ankles when we
run walk cuz that's embarrassing hmm
when we problem is I don't think she
knows that that means bold I think she
thinks that's like a fun game
hmm yeah yeah
mommy hits her doggies Oh who just
painted my nails I don't want to mess
them up anyways so I need to make lunch
now because well actually I don't know
how do you both make like with no
chicken that could be a problem oh ah
but yeah I'm supposed to make lunches
now cuz it's lunchtime
yeah with nothing really in there javis
there's no food to eat in the house
there's no food unless you can't dis
like that's hardly what it's not all we
have talked with nothing to put on our
sandwiches that's because some little
fatty
mom won't eat all the chicken I didn't I
gave it to the dog I was in the middle
of plan a holiday day so I'll just put
them back hey guys
when you're playing PlayStation should
never put food in the oven because the
whole hassle Bernette
you never remember okay well I don't
really I'm making to put my sandwich
better March a little bum bum over to
Tesco
don't know something you don't got to be
creative banana
tomato sandwiches strawberry and yogurt
sandwiches a Burmese mmm did a healthy
thoughts plenty plenty loud I tell you
this no Frankie thank you look would you
like a bananas loose I'm not sure but I
think Jonathan
Joe this yeah okay yeah toaster so would
we be able to cone him why are you
locking me ah
barely done what a wonder her parking
man get ready I'm ready I'm totally
ready
come on what's going on you couldn't go
to the beach we're gonna go for a walk
ease on the beach the sun's gonna go
down gasps who got their merry little
way we're off to the beach today I think
we're going to Bali cotton Beach it
would seem it's called something else
install something else oh I know I know
clever and that's where Emily
come on people total so only like the
last time I know this company bright
shining at the screen right now telling
me the name of it but which will come to
us Oh case here when you gotta go love
you come all your dreams come true I'll
be we're at the beach yo-ho we're in
Bali cotton Beach
yes we decided to go look and nice it is
and it's not that windy today I just
which is great get this little munchkin
here come on seanwes hobby you know
Nina's making our bedroom this is our
one bad apartment this is it this is for
eleven this is it that's our house guys
oh geez all I want to play to get the
rings get it run around ami would you
chances for a bag of crisps
I know you know
look she's like swimming but walking
look at Irish famous little swim walk it
is actually really weird look at Alvey
always do the little movement yes okay
see sure it is does it get call her to
further there you go all right a
something touch my foot look at the
training them I'm at the time of their
lives
and you know unlikely in about two
months we're going to be doing this
Sorento as a married couple on Sorento
yo as a mic
I say now and it's like we should get
one of them I think something there like
an underwater camera or so like it's
just like a waterproof camera but it's
the same resolution so it's like 1280 by
720 then above at the beach again we can
like drop the camera into water and so
cool to see like an underwater version
of what's going on here with me it's so
nice do you add you dare me to say my
two items let's Joyland up nobody goes
to something about the water because
something spooky oh no trouble has
erupted on the beachfront yeah okay it's
a race who do you thinks gonna win base
place your bets
well it's a cool spot Eddy go go pick
them up pick them up then okay I'll be
fine
come on good boy good boy
he's got longer legs oh boy
hey Alby did it happy he was like
singing back your boy go boy help me
good boy you're such a good boy Alvey
yeah that just makes perfect huh this
one on my back flyers oh my God look at
this
look at this oh oh my god she's coming
after you
oh my godness we did it we talked today
this look look
just be careful of no hold on okay okay
okay okay
come on talk to me tell me daddy come on
come on come on a B oh my god knows the
way Tina she's go my game
Oh Big Easy come for a swimming lesson
yeah yeah now yeah yeah yeah how we're
trying to just get them used to it
you're just from in there they head to
the door good boy good boy
oh good boy I don't see nanu oh that
here she's looking for me I think not
hey no he's gonna come out all done
Albie it's all done all gone all gone
Oh God Oh God yeah good dog have you
ruined our home run addition to our home
Ally yes we J explain what you've done
to our home okay so nice I look at the
view
you've got like country country until
like a beach all the way your hand it's
so nice
come on let's go get some ice cream mmm
cuz you can't go to the beach without
getting a 99 or something something
along those lines
that's boo-boos
jonathan is going to get some ice cream
they're a little mark on now and race
Jonathan is going to get ice cream and
we are on River Street in coin coin
County Cork Cena so much skinnier than
lb thank you
yeah he's gonna get some drink keys okay
so drinkies some drinkies yeah
good dogs who's that how are you thank
you my favorite Morgan obstacle oh thank
you honors for you guys hmm that's the
best part of the sunny Summer Sun are
they some 99 I'm bad for Americans
people who are freaking out by wondering
what the hell that is sit like it's a
flaky chocolate Oh Chad Barry's shakiest
chocolate that's an ice cream Harvey
will you get on you're melting hmm and
the final thing to get on a lovely sunny
ricci day is just to wrap it up
I wasn't right I was over that dick your
dude yeah can I get a large chicken the
sandwich meal
