do you know this perky person Markie
partisan marquee person Markie Murchison
all the little long name hey now hey now
what's the matter where let it wonder
run much on me like I've only ten
minutes I mean the tops another mermaid
oh it's the pups
that's the girls they're kissing in the
summertime what schools I'm gonna have
to take that from you I'm gonna have to
come no I said I'm going to have to take
I said I'm going to have to take that
from you I said I'm going to take excuse
me excuse me I'm gonna have to take that
from you thank you it Oh God
Oh gayness okay sir sir sir excuse me
sir sorry scuse me
excuse me sir can I can I can I just can
I can I get that please thanks a lot I
appreciate I appreciate you sir I
appreciate everything you've done for us
so far but unfortunately this is not for
sexting sustained effect Anna has grown
accustomed to me being her slave II okay
because every day I make her breakfast
lunch and dinner and tea and I bring it
to her and now she's like thinking that
I'm going to bring it to her I'm not her
sleevee that's the problem guys you
gotta be means your other half sometime
just so they don't grow accustomed to
your niceness that's Joe fusses words of
advice for today so as some of you may
or may not already know our dishwasher
is not for our washing machine it's not
very good as you can tell cuz like most
things in this place it don't work no
more so this is what you do hi guys hi
got a but he needs an hairdo her hair
and this is what you do this is old
school anyone back in the day remembers
how to wash clothes on school style
and what I'm gonna do is that I think
that this thing about plop that thing in
there and it should like by golly it's
going to work hard may have to shout a
little bit it's a bit noisy in here
watching take a break dare to put the
video up now alrighty so we're gonna do
is going to sort of plop everything in
now I need a giant wooden spoon wait a
minute I was gifted with the gift of a
hunt swim me swim me how did the old
days people used to do these kind of
chores
alright now technically if I drop this
in here wash it and I'm supposed to wash
I was getting a bit mouthy I think I
ought to make it pop it I just painted
my nails oh that's pretty nails
it's probably just dress dollars Kenny I
love this sort of broke or something
oh wait oh you never get to see this
part in a washing machine
alright get your hand in there your hand
doesn't work great my natural hair color
is almost complete we all know my hand
is kind of tingly
is that normal mm-hmm this these two
front bits here yeah blonde naturally
coming from the roots mmm
whoa thanks
oh goodness because the dark at the
roots and then these two natural
frontlets have gone one that's kind of
cool and themselves all right now we
just where's the button yep it's been
dry D'Arnot word mm-hmm tiresome olden
take people one of those you know those
20 things like squeezes them you can be
like the girl you know in the field and
she's like scrubbing the stuff on the
scrub board guys you know your friends
misty and Daisy see them oh no put them
on and I'll see you in the car
dear boy quiet is between that oh they
love it yeah they're both lying down my
hair is sticking so in the book
I don't have to kind of problems let's
say you oh yeah
we're moving to a beach just so you know
how are you right now I didn't run away
I would love to live near a beach you by
Miss Dana
earrings they're from my friend
they're from my friend who has laws her
name is I don't know if she wants you to
say her name but very screen name is
little rust she's Russian
and she sent me these earrings aren't
they so pretty I thought little roses
name was like rust and she was like
little like rusty it's little Russian I
think anyways I don't know if she wants
me to say her real name or not she's
kind of like probably about like that
but I really like her she's like good
friend of mine she thought all Russians
are hot
Cheers why are all women watching
movement so hot anyway in Polish ID she
knows sorry but anyways so I won these
she has laws called
annoyed okay I'm gonna have to think of
the name thank you so much oh we have
another fatality which were cool Lizzy
what there's a web there oh my god there
is a web there can you fit in it you
look like spider thing
hop on can you fit there can you put
your little bum in there whoa whoa what
are you doing what I've asked you how
you can you go what but they're like
funsies people on the green
come on go higher I push you won't push
me
why push your push mom this is the funny
me so it's gonna break don't tell anyone
about that oh it's only WikiLeaks mm-hmm
there's a point easy like a pilot and
running behind them it's so good oh my
God look it sounds Babbington rockets
and kind of have you guys just give a
little tappy tappy tappy I know there's
no top on it try not to try not to kill
the dokdo probably worse battery
actually it kind of works
come go for it Oh go go go go
haha point Joe pass oh oh I go over here
then I'll go over to the oh I see what
you mean it is a bit sending over here
go it helps if it goes in the air go oh
you're possum - PAH
what okay playing a trainer oh oh go go
go that's one point for you two points
for me it's more working with guys just
say you know no top part okay Oh foul
ball
is your hand dealer slowly oh that's -
uh yeah well get that the can then get
go oh okay I try not see them directly I
will do a little underhand ones in order
to do that you want to kind of hit it oh
boy
yeah cut all right here we go ready oh
crap no no Xena this is a Wimbledon
championship okay zero
oh yeah Nana were bored of Babbington
we're playing a new game
all right let's see how many you can do
ready go that way
Oh I taught us how many in a row okay
you go right go see you got no it's
gonna be too difficult to do again oh
okay oh we didn't specify I thought we
didn't by the handle each time Michel
wine Oh
104 is the world record 1 no 1 - okay
okay okay I think you're just like
trolling you couldn't even do that wine
that's an honest one
- yeah no so close what no no last
chance last chance here we go this is it
or you just qualified one stretching
techniques okay hurry up come on wait
Josh this is something call me on my
armor five six hours and six turns you
keep going on about is fine okay cuz I
okay that was five
that's me five all right five and you
have to do cachi twirl at the end
provided a catchy tour at the end well I
know you have to be one it's well okay
that's being honest one
okay that's kind of scary
one two not really that way you can have
it three we all over different talents
in life to what we run in a film by then
IVs over there unfortunately I am the
grand master champion of the flipping of
the badminton racket you may video
yourself hold on if you have the ability
to record yourself and the ability to
upload a video upload if they put it as
a video response to this video I've
never done this before so let's try it
okay video responses I want a video
response okay just just show me your
best one in a row okay and see if you
can be five let's see and the video
responses if any actually gives a
response if there's no video responses
then I guess that kind of fails oh that
was that that was more of a flip so I
want to see load of video responses
who's never done it before so yay we
have a new banana strategy guys and then
the strategy 2011 alright so the new
strategy is to buy a single banana or
two whoa that's great one
oh yeah I get the mixtape
big
scavenger green isn't green good Sammy's
a ripen itself
as that one old man managed remember one
of these things years ago you always
have to do this when you buy things get
to like weight them and put them on even
put it on another thing
banana $0.48 rinse oh yeah okay
it's like old school so what happened
today years ago is that for the two
bananas though yeah it's so cool that
brings me back you guys have to measure
your food I got a way to get a little
thingy
what hey guys this is a very sad day
would appear that cinnamon crunch has
been removed
curiously cinnamon appears to be removed
from Tesco this is this is the only one
that had a left that's it that's it
finally you see the way you see the way
these yellow stickers everywhere today
guys
it's because golden grains is that an
American thing unless that's sweet for
two though
that's excessive it's because in Ireland
we had this big bat change where now
everything is cheaper in Ireland today
than it was yesterday
that's why everything is on offer right
and then they took four quarter rounds
off the shelf but cinema grams no cinema
grams changed curacy cinnamon oh oh and
I watched the trends I never heard of
them they're amazing
welcome to Joe's kitchen first thing I'd
like to point out happy Canada Day
Canadian a Canadian call my Canadians
all the Canadian you guys in the world
can I get a hey Oh Tim Hortons the
company thing
can I get a boot I bet the keynesian
spread all I know about Canadian Canadia
so guys we are making an extra special
treat
being that it's kind of the day we've
decided to make a traditional Canadian
feast
now you but you probably aren't aware
even people that live in Canada are
probably under in underwear underwear
unaware that oh yeah two quarter
pounders two quarter chicken pounders oh
yeah if you ever intended a you know to
talk about if you're not from Canada
you're probably like oh my god are they
really Canadian oh yeah totally totally
and you'll be rap from Canada and you're
thinking like what's that guy talking
about
check your heritage Canada is built from
the quarter pounder chicken quarter man
why are they boli
why if you got polling place hmm are you
running off with money this is a game
what are you doing inside a top or a
bottom as much as you want meymeys oh
god that's tons is it no what does he
want
laughter oh no you made the old bottle
mistake the old putler she's a bachelor
lads she doesn't know about these things
give it a spread spooning enough I know
no you can never have enough enough HP
barbecue sauce obviously we're going to
get the salad in a minute we're just I'm
probably not gonna show it a solid bit
because that's like boring so we're just
gonna show all the fun bit you know
first and then obviously we're gonna
throw this in the bin and just eat
