do you want a business favorite thing
now is to climb into the you guys
t-shirt box and sit in their venom in
there last night he jumped in I'm gonna
go into the box oh did you go he's like
pasta or something okay have fun I'll
pick you up later
she's so cute cutie pie I think it's
good it's like it's really deep and it's
kind of dark and it's just full of like
cotton shirts then you guys have a
problem with lying in your shirts design
you're lying about five shirts left
anyways oh you probably won't get those
shirts change to mine now have you
changed your mind now you guys are so
cute
oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah
Alvie Howie you wanna come at it you
want to come round up to dad and down
you go
oh yeah versatile because I believe it
too many kids oh that's if you just
tuned in it's okay oh I should be on
where it shows welcome to the job
bathroom floor where education is a
situation
and not only the kids are gonna cheer
that's the tagline gotta come up with a
better tagline right now test out some
of D AB this HQ barbecue flame grill
thingy met Jacob just take a little bit
of waffle dip it here
Oh Department of burning sensation of
the boiling hot potato on the inside
thank you quite good it's the problem
that will bind these little glass ones
they might look nice but I've been real
wait going on here to get some some
salsa I know what happens is gonna part
I was going to oh my god the mess of
this place is redonkulous
but yeah sending the signal for the
cutsies can't we all just be friends
can't we all just get along shall we the
remainders of Cena's face oh you know
what the tricky ones you know kept
trying to eat the scissors and eating
this is not good cuz that's how you get
your little tongue chopped off haha
no right you're like a little monkey
sometimes like that cat Saudis just
happily just dining there I'm just
noting here this little monkey it's just
like what can I jump to what can I do
what can I do what happen is just gonna
okey okay that's mischievious all right
so do you want to get out all right so
we're climbing up here are we okay okay
little monkey
look there's a monkey on me now I'm monk
ulis oh it's you know Xena see that this
is not going to end well we did it
oh I'm not gonna work here but as you
can see this this is gonna retreat
troublesome we didn't like it huh what
happened to ya
oh he just wants to come back here
mm-hmm he's a crazy one
no I want to continue I don't want my
life to end you know ya wanna come over
the party
we're looking well these guys are left
here for the night so we're like why
don't we take everybody back to our
house and have a party hey you guys
wanna have a party oh my god might have
poor doggies oh yeah it would be the
best time ever
wouldn't it what do you guys think do
you want to do that geez want to do that
should have a party
where's everyone going and on going
busy busy
basic one is busy oh hi misty hi misty
hi oh me oh oh yeah okay we're already
home fatality one fatality mm-hmm yeah
yeah busy busy
oh come on it's going on Casey's it's
your little crazy it's a little crazy
he's so much bigger now Daisy oh don't
mind Abby listen I'd easy
behind you
I barely even fit like what I'll fall in
it I used to love swings as a kid Hey
Hey
whoo so barky
now who's who huh
I Daisy crazy Daisy
we're fridge have they got food in the
fridge goin to get some on time on time
McGirt I get some necrotize in local
lass focus in the back what goes in the
back
Oh kids in the back nourish Tyler's in
the front no yo I love knock on Thai
food I'm so hungry after all playing
with the doggies diddly doggies you guys
like if you live in Douglas do you go to
knocker time do you like it touch of
Macker time
you're not getting out of the jail luck
huh run Charles come on cutie a new one
yeah yeah don't worry right slumber
party for tonight and you know what you
missed out on oh yeah a feast feast
think Erika's gonna be sad is that Erica
loves the chicken skewers let me just oh
yeah
anyone anyone else want a chicken skewer
no I'm a little big foon's crap I hate
me they're trying to make fun of someone
and I'm messing it up yourself what have
we got here now I don't remember
we've got some caramel cinnamon waffle
some Baked Alaska and some vanilla bar
Ivaldi bar what the hell is that a Y
upside down
why would you put a Y upside down is
that supposed to be H bar area don't
make any sense
Greek vanilla we joined you pick I hate
white chocolate oh so we don't like the
basic Alaska I like cinnamon waffles
that's probably is actually the waffle
chunks in there mmm the top but they're
online now I do know I take I think I'll
buy ya who's this who's this guy
hello
hi guys we come in please
Noel deep in his favorite position ever
went looking at the window and Gina is
scared so she is kind of piggybacking
off of him
she's too scared put her face her head
at the window and Cena so yeah okay I
think I have picked this is so hard to
try and pick the administrators I think
I have I think I have picked it because
like 40 people left in common on
Facebook and in and then the YouTube one
and then on Twitter people I got the
enemy and stuff and I was like oh no
it's not like anyone or to paper over
time so I was thinking like I was trying
to give a number it's kinda like fair
deals right now saying like for no
that's fine but for people that are
singing for people and then I was
thinking should I get like one person
from all different countries so you call
different time zones and then I was
trying to think about Chincoteague chunk
chunk but I'm actually really I'm pretty
sure I know who I'm gonna use now so I'm
gonna quickly message them this is my
typing message them on Facebook and and
see where we go from that and see what
we can do but um I think we have our
team I think we have teams Akoni julia
picked but this is so difficult this is
so - it was so hard anything was gonna
be that difficult it because I kept like
oh but I like that person was like but I
really like I like their profile picture
I like how they write unlike their words
they're wearing a good jumper today I
like what you did with his hair he looks
quite fun it's two different countries
difficulties like hello this what I tell
you no more hey guys so it's actually
the next day it's the morning time but I
think I gave my last night to the three
to four people pattern now
administrators on the screen jollies
community page turn into community page
I just want to say that I just I
couldn't have been happier like you can
just look at the page now you know it's
got like polls on it scattered opposed
he's got stuff like the dogs got a
question and so but I like that's
exactly you know what I wanted it to do
is to be way more interactive and way
more fun so if you guys haven't actually
gone to Facebook and it's just like a
like page it's a community page it's
called this economy Jolie's the link
thing is like crazy so I can't just like
put a link in the video so I'm gonna put
the link in the description click on the
link come to a community because this is
this is pretty much born by you guys for
gutters but it should be like much more
interactive and fun and things going on
and it's the opinion of the community
you know I just wanted a community thing
whatever haven't like for more so might
similar we could just come and you know
you guys have permission to write
whatever you want in a wall you know if
you write anything
obviously we rent like that that's what
the administrators are there for but and
put pictures and do them say whatever
you want like say anything interesting
that's going on in our little community
the you guys community this is where
it's happening this is where the place
to be common like book
