hello there and welcome to today Emilia
is not having a good day are you no do
you want to tell the boys and girls
we're having a bad day you don't is it
is it to do with this little fella over
here huh what what to kill my sister
let's look at King Kaito
do you want to give her a cuddle you
want to hold her because I'm cute Lina
no no no no no pulling no bunny
he does look you you look cute hmm so
cute and when you go around the other
side you go around the other side okay
and you cut it off from that side now
there you go guys huh there's no room
for everybody in there in the cut of us
in your friend a brat oh my god smiley
face breakfast do you want a smiley face
breakfast
another day another trek into London
town London town
and I'm in again tomorrow as well guys
the four week of little amendment little
under adventure
sounds like a no for little London
adventurous so it's like a little book
has like a little cool things you could
do I suppose is a million books like as
my guides the cities but like a lesson
London adventure wealth could you go
little Luton adventures little little
Amy and adventures could be awesome here
listen al Mozilla anywhere else begins
well I'm part of this liver lungs first
Leitrim liberabit hilarious and
hilarious
it's do you want to come with me well
the Apple got letters a car so it looks
like you are come with me but don't
worry
I left the counterpart at home cuz I'm
to do boring stuff or more room or I'm
also disappearing with the sunlight
we're just chilling on the couch I never
get to do this ever but I said we could
watch some cool over the media and
Eduardo Celestia's nothing okay focus
but for looking around for something
just smash or like some way to get any
clothes in trouble near Alice you're
sleeping right now with that with
Grandma yesterday I booted oh yeah
mmm-hmm well you were fine then because
you got puzzles didn't you hide in
homeland yeah Lucy's coming but like I
kind of scheduled it wrong we didn't
realize that Jonathan was going to be
out
oh I don't know what I'm gonna do like
these I don't know how I'm going to do
this I want going to cancel it too late
now
she's fine with your innocence should be
okay so like babysit fine
well the clock in the station's duct why
my ear again moonshines bad is an old
dog box who you call my friend I keep
calling but she's not is I guess I
messed up badly against when I just
realize I fail of my own and I returned
from my journeys from London town and I
see a little fella
you see in the Senate yeah oh I'm
standing right here in London hand
oh right back now
so sense of confer nature how exciting
she's had a new baby chair for lecea so
here your vision is exciting we hope
like a big chance okay it's sexy gonna
fit you
okay time alright so here's the new
chair okay now I'm just going to put a
Nestle in either a busy chair and your
pop I think there we go do Ella's new
line of baby chairs is head today guys
but I feel like this is it comfortable
you like it don't so close
yeah as I can see not only the gas with
their photography BAM Terry go there are
literally a baby care available is
probably here so to do organizing this
time of the ding-ding
Oh
long cross the sea they died
ha shadow
Wow
brightly weaving through the lead
way
like you
and we both thought the same thing for
one Bamberger yo coordinates before and
so low that it was a day to prevail we
literally never order the same foods oh
it's so weird like so we're like we to
get to it and I was like well I've got a
lot of changes to make before you run
away they're awkward if you leave too
soft and then you do something else do
we need to add the rocket immunity by
anyway it does look really really good
like the lamb burger with no I can't
remember
please Taylor fry that's the most
important part I'm going to go with a
did you ran your proper design not
though yeah I mean the last time
laughing the right side like three weeks
ago yeah I know I've been bill I know
who's won screaming wings to catch up I
think I'm pregnant again Jonathan
seriously yes awesome what happens up to
you Dennis tomato Idol after you eat a
big mission pregnancy announcement I'm a
big meal like after having babies it's
seriously like goes very like it feels
like it is because that's like like when
it breaks I'm actually wearing maternity
jeans as well so it's fine
there's no matter where you are
I think it would probably
Thomas thought that avoid the joke I
would be quite upset though I probably
cry not the right time now all right
I'm hopeful we had dessert after that as
well yeah I had the key toffee pudding
and Johnson had three favorite people
and fruit crumble because Jonathan loved
to screw to do in a food sorbet on top
of the fruit crumble
he'd really love TV the fruit big pipe
laughter on my feet TV laughing you know
fruit for delicious
Jonathan fructose look for ptosis pick
up our appreciation
okay now Jesus all right everyone in
common of their favorite fruit go
examine see I thought it was lies they
were saying yeah whatever one you
comment Jonathan's going to dress up as
in the next friendly different video
that's it very educated on into
prospective and your roots it over here
friend
Oh parking is free Oh Rukia stream oh
yeah oh oh
Oh
