making some coffee in the morning time
he's making his caffeine moron anymore
oh I'm tired tired as worldly awoken by
the dust man ruling the company be
nothing but song that isn't I didn't say
it in the right chin no but it starts
off when he says that he was rudely
awakened by the dust man it's Nolan he
was 95 something to do it parked like I
just gave it away man I haven't actually
picked up my own blog in quite a while I
think since I was outside vlogging in
the Sun yeah yeah so I think I have what
you call a sty in my eye but I'm not
really sure it's really weird I've never
had like a sty in my eye ever in my life
and I woke up or no it was actually last
night when I was taking off my makeup
thought I felt something like heavy or
it's it's really difficult to explain
but like it's not sore or painful it's
just like you can feel something kind of
heavy it like you like a clump of
mascara or something like got in your
eye
or like that's just sitting like outside
of your eye and I went to look at what
it was to see if I could see anything
this morning and it looks like a little
whitehead like tiny little Whitehead on
my actual like upper waterline it's not
make sense like at the very sight I
don't know you probably obviously can't
see right now but I'm not gonna even put
on the macro and show you because I
think that would be really gross but
like I saw it it's like a tiny little
Whitehead that like you would get on
your skin or something but it's on my
edit it's really weird
unlike the water light so it's not a sty
like I don't know where is this try
something different I just assumed it
was a star even if this is I don't know
idea so this is actually the first day
in ages
don't have anything to do like you have
nothing planned there's no trip to
Dublin there's nothing so I'm just gonna
enjoy today and well I might feel misses
you for my tunnel because it happened
done that in ages and that's really bad
so let me know in the comments below if
you subscribe to my channel what kind of
a video you want from me cuz I don't
know what your kind of feeling a bit
like I don't really you know the way
sometimes go through a period of being
like really well if you make videos or
like blog or anything you don't know
this go through a period of being really
um creative and like you know you're
kind of on a roll and then you go
through a period of being just having
like the mental block and you don't know
what to blog or log of it
so let me know what you want um yeah so
I'm just really happy that we don't have
anything to do today oh I forgot me hay
fever medications that was really bad I
forgot it yesterday we went out into the
country and like if you take this
regular me like it's okay and if you
like miss it for one day then it's not a
big deal because it's still kind of got
you covered or whatever but if you go
two days it's kind of a pain I wanted to
also show you guys what my uncle Pat and
aunt Barbara got for me for our toots
for Jonathan and me because it was our
wedding present from them and it's our
first wedding present because they can't
come cute they live in the States and
they can't come to our wedding which we
kind of knew anyway because they just
live kind of far away and they're older
is follow uncle Pat is older so um yeah
so we got our first wedding present and
it's so gorgeous look isn't that so cool
and because I love candles I I don't
know if you guys know what we're having
candles instead of flowers at our
wedding because it's in the evening as
well but look it's like
kind of got little hearts like cutout in
it
the top and bottom and then it's glass
and then they got me like a pinky kind
of purple like lavender colored candle
and look at the bag it came in how cool
is that it's got like a leaf with a
little ribbon and stapled into it so
cool this is where it's from in kinsale
Perryville house and that's what it
looks like but I know that was really
cool yeah so that is our first wedding
present and I absolutely love it this
probably doesn't even do it justice it's
actually really big like it's really
huge which you can kind of see the
proportions right now from there but
yeah it's really big I love it I think
it's so cool and look at matches with my
orchid so I actually said this in
yesterday's vlog it is but I didn't put
it in because we're actually in the
recording about an hour yesterday so
then I had to edit I had tons of stuff
so this ended up being editing out but I
just asked a question of Facebook there
right I was saying
neh wondering when you guys be
interested in being an administrator and
a couple of new people said you wouldn't
be interested so what would be is that
it's not about when you have a second
page right on Facebook right on Twitter
or when I go through the videos right I
can very easily just go to the drop-down
board on TweetDeck I can just press like
the Facebook page and then basically
post the exact same thing that I'm
saying on my other page but then loads
of you guys are actually friends with me
on Facebook and maybe have liked our
saucony Jory's page I think it's a TV
show page or something like that um and
and then I was like but it's not kind of
annoying if stuff keeps popping up in
the timeline cuz it's just like the same
thing and I don't know what I'm just
keep saying the same thing because
that's not really stimulating Commun
it's kind of boring to keep me in there
just being repetitious and what I'm
actually saying so I thought why don't I
gave some right because I've been more
myself and hard
like administrating things but I can
give other people the right to be
administrators on the page so I was
thinking why can't why doesn't you guys
one of you buy or two or three or four I
don't know how many if people are really
interested obviously like lots of people
are gonna say they're interested but I'm
really looking for people that I kind of
know in the community or people that are
you know someone that wants to really do
this and and you know you know like
instead of just like posting a video you
know and then say something like say
something like and start I start I start
a forum in a way like talking about
something did you notice it like this
happen or that happen or like reviewing
the vlogs I'm just like you know
something that makes it more interesting
rather than repeating what we're saying
or just posting the videos you know just
like having fun with it like putting up
poles doing questions just just
basically having fun doing it you know
and I don't want to make it more
interactive and more fun and I thought
the best way to do that is to get you
know one of you guys or two a dream you
guys actually driving that because you
know what you want and then just doing
what you want now obviously to be sort
of a betting process because I'm not
gonna give anybody just administrating
rights and then they can just run amuck
and adding things and saying things you
know so what I'll probably do right is
that leave me a comment here or go to my
Facebook page
um I actually put that thing up there
and everybody's saying you want to do it
now so I was thinking like right okay
cuz I was like every like ah you're
making us do work like a summer intern
project or something but no no you got
something you really want to do like
don't if you think for a second it's a
chore something I don't don't even
bother saying that you want to do it but
leave me comments here or go to my
Facebook or Twitter someone say they you
know if you're really interested in
doing this knowing and what could you
bring yeah yeah give me comments and
what could you bring right and this is
what we'll do okay give me leaving a
comment below write something
interesting that you could bring like
ampoules or questions or reviews of the
vlogs or I don't know and quote of the
day stuff like that right what would you
bring right and then the viewers right
the rest of you guys I want you to come
up the one that you think is the best
the one that you like the most and then
we'll sort of see like obviously if
something says oh maybe pictures uberta
and then everyone comes it up I'm not
going to put that true okay
but you haven't mean like fun
interactive things that we can do you
know yeah you guys for the win whoo okay
so we actually have no cheats here we
actually left them in the car look
really hot today I love her hair it's
awesome
you look so like beachy hair is that a
thought so I can actually have in the
fridge guys is Tomatoes so can actually
give them a tomato I'll try and open
that don't get into the green bits
they're poisonous I think yeah that's
why is this for dogs okay not Tomatoes
now the green parts we upheld you dad's
vegetarian does I know she okay guys you
ready for you treats huh Oh guys gonna
mine the house okay that's one of these
days guys look can you see guys can you
see the Sun right you see the way that
cloud is about to swallow up the Sun and
then the sun's gonna be gone for the
rest of the day and I'm gonna size that
big dirty cloud it's horrible
it's not fair is it it's not fair at all
it's not fair at all yo we're gonna go
to the Popo box full PO Box keep
doki-doki duper's okie dokie do persons
alright so people are pretty serious
about this
his facebook administration so much that
I should have an election everyone
should have a voting thing but Pedro oh
my goodness
check out these cutie pies check out
this cutie pie let's see if we can zoom
in and this photo we can oh my goodness
so I got a package from Switzerland
you know Switzerland they make it the
chocolate Oh
oh my god oh my god oh my god what if we
got here all right
Raghu is that mm-hmm
my goose is good that's if you got
lynched chocolate hazelnut all bringing
tears up bringing tears to my eyes
oh wait you like a scratch on his 1-1
that that is only one probably who dark
and ragged moves on oh wow this is the
best day of my life ever eyes even said
jokingly I was like let's go to the peel
box and collect some sweets thank you so
much oh my goodness actual Swiss
chocolate from Switzerland well holy
crap holy oh I am very excited to munch
on that hoping that the upload isn't
gonna complete itself over here and then
have a situation where I got one of
those toenails is like you know would
you believe it
I can totally Photoshop a bump in there
convince everybody that you're pregnant
keep it um for like nine months and then
I don't know what we do use would go up
haha yes we are
I like it better has a little yellow
thing there makes me happy
mr. Milind
it feels like you're in the spa at home
that's what it feels like in our home
spa well you're not home spa that's not
miss about here
I know I know
it's a swiss go on see
oh you have that thing know me hmm
this could be a mister look I must apply
you're fine right yeah
would you like my vine right it's like
totally onions addiction parking
occasions
all right yeah okay
there might not be the right occasion
real but for me it is the right occasion
it's the party makes a chicken whoa what
they keep the chicken there's that
chicken that's just a Tesco chicken or
is he a nice and chicken you need a
nicer one to taste you turn there TomTom
ONE or is it party did
this is turning into some sort of a
quest now
fine
from polio instead of chilli sauce for a
change I'm gonna try this look it's a
barbecued flame-grilled
sauce HP then you guys got this let me
know what's good but I'm gonna buy now
anyway so you know I just I just want to
change it you know change things around
I like I like change in my life
sometimes you like change sometimes yeah
yeah yeah a change will do you good
this moving thing is a conundrum guys
let me just there let's just let's just
play a game here okay we were just
talking about this because we don't know
where we're gonna go what we're gonna do
right but let's say I've I gave you guys
because this is your show this is the
you guys show you know the Saucony
Jory's because we're like the ones that
essentially your guys show you know so
what where do you want to see the show
go right here's your options a we move
to the city we do city life and we go to
city things and we're doing all like
city stuff like grant Dublin and you
know more like that kind of stuff
yesterday like maybe like you know
meeting for lunch and going out and that
kind of city city city life you know or
how about an entire juxtapose how about
we go and spend the next six months
right living on a beach in the middle of
snow we're okay as long as I have an
internet connection so I can upload the
vlog ADIZ but we live just somewhere
like like we're talking like take a
tennis ball you know down there away
from everything everything the cities
and everything we'd have to drive like
once a week to do like shopping we
wanted to get a vegetable patch or
something no no but what about that like
for six months
we'll say six months because I couldn't
keep it separate here well I can't cut
out the Harvey Rob but like what would
be more interesting what would you guys
like why would you like the show to go
you know into the city or all right
there you go mom you know hanging out
with the friends and what abs are
getting out like way out into like the
country like living on a beach somewhere
you know the option would be either
beach or city together Mattoon this is
kind of country level
Livan so living on a beach you just sort
of like just being like way out there
you know I know I'll just cut off from
sight just like I'm at me out there just
be awesome just our experience and our
adventure of doing that or our
experience and our adventure of like
living in a city life and do you not
like the more silly things you know what
do you guys think like do you need some
comments of where you want to see the
show go your show it's your
entertainment it's it's your house your
father is your father by the way
someone's asking for him and oh yeah
give your mom a quick wink num-nums
ana said it was really warm
she's a liar liar and her pants are on
fire wish my pants is on fire I'm so
cold
hey hey come on come on come on come on
come on come on come on hey no no poopy
is eating no eating poop today let's go
let's go let's go let's go what are you
doing come on come on they're getting
away yo V March we've got the slowpoke
here oh he's gotta come yeah get this
little poker poor beast wannabe who do
you know okay got business to take care
of here quickly
no yeah
yeah stop walking out white skinny jeans
my shorty shorts is freezing cold you
are I had a jacket on oh you're trouble
now Alvey a juicy album Tina's video was
M on the Washington Post or something
and it was also unlike people People
magazine or something like that
it was kind of cool the little dancing
one to do you know and they're like
shuffling sideways because if you go
through videos like I've seen on and
someone sent me a tweet they're like
well you were the one we're all like no
it's okay and so I'm like running around
trying to heat up well you're a bloody
idiot then you're a bloody idiot if you
look at everyone else walking around in
jumpers well we could just walk really
quickly walk really fast will heat up Oh
okay walk in quick okay guys walking
quick or walking quick quick walk good
quick walk Zeno good walk cuz we're
frozen frozen frozen fries yeah we were
resorted to good old-fashioned running
around in the field to try and warm up
mommy mommy mommy we're super hot tan
lines look at the time line showed Nate
handler look at the difference it's
crazy I was thinking you should write
like dopest property of Java's I know
switchover switcheroo oh my goodness who
was a good boy huh who let me cut their
little beard huh Obi Obi
oh he's excited cause it's going around
oh yeah do I see mommy - mommy please
mommy
come on show mommy - mommy little piece
your mommy it's Joe Murray
oh no mommy's in here mommy's in here
silly if I like that don't want me at
all face call him up there he's got no
face again and if you actually would a
good job
yeah CVH impressed it myself yeah yeah
but I got it of all like the kind of
redness on his beard like it all yeah I
use the scissors though I think that was
a trick like using the machine near his
face when he was freaking out like yeah
I'm running about I think even washed
out because that T minute stop like I
think I'll be I like these are something
he liked when in a car
they'll be having a good car
yes Cheryl yeah that sounds bad like I
think I'll use run over by a car we
didn't notice something like that has
happened like but yeah
Sina we won't do your face now do you
would you please come on let's go let's
go
so I had all the intentions of the world
of washing the dogs and then I feel at
the back and then well the back filled
all the way up and then I decided to
just stay here I'll see you guys
tomorrow
