no road trip is complete without their
rudimentary stop said when I get my down
we're just getting petroleum what did we
kill it McDonald said petrol and it was
like it came with free fries maybe it
works and maybe a breakfast bar when I
like saying that
we're going to Exchequer bar guys you
know the Exchequer bar that's all like
this was a stripper bar I need to
oh that doggies pooing there's a
kangaroo or something oh he's like an
iron massive so we're on our way to the
Exchequer bar for a photo shoot that I
have with the sundae world and I did my
makeup and my hair myself we're asked to
arrive with her makeup done it's me and
two other bloggers that I've never met
before so I'm really excited to meet
them and this is cool you can actually
pay the whole thing under pump you just
stick your card in all the Americans are
very like yeah anyways so we had to
bring two outfits and they have to be
just kind of things that we love like
we're loving right now so I really love
this outfit right now but I haven't been
able to wear it yet because the weather
well the water is kind of changeable so
I didn't wear it I'm not really sunny
day but it's my maxi dress from velvet
and my denim jacket from H&M and that's
why I kind of went to but like big kind
of beachy hair because I wanted it to be
like summary because it's summer you
know and then my second thing is that
woman's looking at me funny my second
thing is skinny jeans black skinny jeans
gray tank top that Brazilian scarf that
I got from Tyra Cielo meant to check her
to me because I need to like give outfit
details but anyways um and then my
leather
get cuz Jonathan really likes that it
fit and then like some little slots I
think yeah I think I went with once yeah
I'm wearing gladiators with this thought
I didn't paint my um you know oh and I'm
wearing these are some tiny marine
really cute I think I don't know I'm
like focusing on the right place but a
little Leafs gold leaf earrings and then
I have a gold cuff and what else
something else that's it oh my god
there's not like Irish Wolfhound dogs
yeah no can you see the dog is like so
so we're not getting we are oh but
that's so cool you can just like put
your card in you selectively meant use
your whole thing at the middle machine
and then that's it we're done
pay for but now we're going inside
anyway yeah I know okay move the yogurt
oh happy ones and front fat ones and the
front large
you don't know oh we got the last two
rounds empty
mmm
it's okay I'm not going for a C but not
stripping
we're in mm mm mm mm everybody's
Doublemint it is now 11 o clock time
photoshoot for wearing hello Joe drop
our benzene off at mama
mommy's and we're gonna pedal into town
and hopefully make it in about 20
minutes or so hear about hereabouts
there abouts everywhere about bugs oh no
we just ran into a buyer traffic well
this is inconvenient
good dogs get down it's bad it's bad
good boy good girl all right - she drink
he's on out - guys oh it actually takes
longer to get from tearing yard to the
city center than it does to get from
Cork to Dublin it's kind of ridiculous
like does the courts of Dublin part is
fine but it's like when she hit open
it's like it takes four ABS yo get over
from one side of the city to the next
like and you end up sitting in this
traffic okay new plan I'm gonna swing by
use the street so I've gone around the
back so I end up on cable Street here
and I'm gonna drop off after 30 feet and
I'm gonna go park the car because it's
about 20 pass now so I think like within
half an hour is kind of acceptable
lateness but when she passed a half an
hour it kind of gets to a bit like now
now and then the 45 minutes is a bit
like come on and then the hour is a bit
like did you just win an Oscar or
something well I don't win no Lashkar
can you get an Oscar for vlogging I'll
be kind of cooler so I'm gonna choke
apparently she describing her they've
moved to something teak across the road
when I dropped you make it on time to
change let's go places
yeah you'd be like wait honor to me no
you can lean on me no problem that you
have them in a size 11 something bit
taller as well yeah because I came in
and everybody else were so much
so maybe the individual shots of these
because I know let me just pull that you
know it's like good yank yeah what you
guys do you a clipper or a puller I'm
definitely a puller I love this chair do
you want this chair I know they're so
cool like I want one that says director
sitting there lugging would be nice too
yeah
what pageant this is this is how
professionals put light now see makes my
legs look really long no no she's going
to run our heels all I need heels to
affairs of wearing heels don't worry you
look completely normal
you made it you're okay yeah yeah
druggie nice yeah gasps Cena would love
that rug does look like a villain sort
of office did you sit there with little
cash
yeah villain and Sabrina sounds like
welcome yeah we were actually we have a
really nice pink one that doesn't work
we're like we just bring the broken one
what you look like a villain it started
saying you look like like fat easily
wears they need some cats in here it was
like you know pairing your cat like I
want it to be good the New York thing
behind you know like oh yeah I never
just crop this in yeah it does actually
and we're live we the news small thing
besides I get a bakery I was like oh no
it's gonna be everywhere up here that
idea like mine owned five a time where
were these things
hello I don't know I know my god me kill
me location shooting not imperative
brunette kind of life lighter blonde
each time I think good shots behinds you
know back in my head good line on my
like my it doesn't matter it's not gonna
look good that's it
oh my goodness how much did you buy you
can order ah leave it on for five
minutes and she buys the whole shop it's
like some sort of a grocery shop or
something
you seem like you're in charge here I
don't know it we don't know anywhere you
should be walking into like a
supermarket like an emergency
yeah yeah it always happens someone else
because s if you kind of watch it going
like wait a second Wow 9-year where
would you get such value crossing the
fryer now now the photo must be taken
okay yes oh my god this is gonna take a
long time I think I'm down here then
take a right and I'm just there see that
piece I did
yeah I think she dyes her hair I think
she's a blonde okay bye bye it's like Oh
bye bye bye bye interest yeah I know
it's all changed this world didn't look
like this before I was here with all
horses and carts you know what's this
the motorcar that was a nice nice meal
returned her new Dublin friends if we
moved to Dublin look we've got friends
now we're making friends where we go
hello
did you guys miss us did she miss me did
you miss me
oh-ho you missed me did you how we
didn't miss me
probably didn't miss me Xena he's happy
daddy Oh Albie Albie Cox oh he's playing
hard to get we have to upload the vlog
yesterday nosy but we're in super fast
upload Zealand super fast uploading
Zealand
look the how CEO hmm oh the comp Italy's
piddly poo pedal pedal pedal the pedal
the pedal the box
petrol Thunder hello my name is Joe
Pasha and I like to pedal them up what
you like to pedal there
drop astral I tried to pedal a badly
badly pop readily readily settled a Papa
Sara cuddly cuddly cuddly Papa sir a
badly
fertilized totally but yeah that's a
little deformation okay okay okay I just
said I just said it come over that
watching movie with you okay I'm not
ready for that credible commitment guys
wanna go walkies
I'm go for walkies you wanna go for a
walk ease is a walk you something at the
interested in before you drive back let
me see what's this this this here what's
this what's this the fun game of trying
to find a new place it's like I thought
I was following the map but I was using
my guesstimate map oh that's name in
this place here
ah okay so I think we need to go back
out to the town and back around Oh Oh
we'll have to figure it out in no time
this is the life that we want we can
stuck behind this guy for like an hours
of day oh give it an hour what quite
some time I'm not sure the attic and the
attic await you I had his works do we
just do me just follow him if this
appeared to be going the same way as
please Makar is takeout all right now
where do we go what are the routes kids
it to be this way no no no you can't go
up anywhere oh no no all the locals are
staying at the crazy man who tried to
drive up to one-way streets at the same
time I didn't know the JCB in front of
me no excuse how zero knees
I know petunia can I have some fries
it's kind of like quickly work out fine
yeah yeah yeah it sounds sweet always 2
a.m. tonight yeah thinking of words
apart
hello hello guys huh no one's ever stick
their hand in and steal you where D huh
Oh God what to do guys we're in a
conundrum conundrum economic drama tree
so man I loved you if you guys run there
on the passage the passengers last year
you'd remembered the rule no carpets and
liked it was like really dark and it was
carpet and green carpet you know need to
make matters worse and I don't know just
not feeling I'm just such a conundrum
because do we go all the way into Dublin
like you know that's the conundrum you
know I guess I just you know we actually
we came here early and we went for a
walk around the area with the dogs and
while walking around the area we just
thought like I don't know like it's just
too far out you know we're not gonna
live in this town are we okay this is
kill okay so we're looking at
killed until they have you lived in
kill cocking because there you are just
close having this like only Japanese but
I'm sorry you you let yourself down what
were you thinking huh nuts I just I
don't know like you need to be in Dublin
doubles and doubles and doubles and oh
god yes anyway let's spend the next two
hours driving to Cork so I'm not
justifying the road I was looking for
which is over there and I'm driving
parallel to it and some like building
estate or something like that I want to
get over there cuz the only option was
to take gen7 - double it but I don't
want to take the answer one ugly we
looked everywhere at this point so I
just keep driving it up this way at some
point is gonna ask me is the button to
ask me do I want to get on the end
Sabbath so wanna get I really really do
want to get on the n7 I have a lot of I
have a lot of good feelings about
getting on the n7 but alas I feel like
the end ii doesn't want me I feel like
where are you bringing me to I don't
find to get on the n7 I swear to
goodness if this is not end up with
somehow me Newbridge I don't have a new
bridge one for the n7
now listen to me very carefully I do not
want to go to Joplin forcing me to go to
Dublin Mina I want it quick I want to
live without them but I want to go to
work initially just for a minute okay
all right this is the n7 and the m9 for
everybody m7 and the m8
oh goodness look at all this traffic I'm
actually lost somewhere in the middle of
the country the big ball of goodness the
big ball of goodness guys that's he you
know you made it let's say you know
you've made it look the big ball of nice
goodness cork cork it is that's actually
taken early stop for all seen out here
decided to get a little bit sick all
over the back of the car a little bit
but um Dems are the brakes yo so as soon
as we're here might as well go in again
some Supermax it's really impressive
looking like ooh
I'm very impressed with this ah yeah
coffee and doughnuts
look at that thing I'll get the
chocolate boner for Ellen so I decided
that we put well I didn't decide we
ended up in this place
okay and it's not a Tim Hortons it's an
insomnia place okay normally I got my
Tim Hortons and I got myself a nice
doughnut you know a tasty doughnut to go
down with it this time
insomnia coffee with this pink donor
it's disgusting it's not a doughnut it's
white bread with some sort of pink mushy
thing on it and it's like stale white
bread it's horrible horrible Tim Horton
come back to me I'm sorry Tim I'm really
sorry that I betrayed you I'm please
take me back okay I'm gonna leave
insomnia okay I'm never gonna speak to
me I'm going to delete their number from
my phone that's what I'm gonna do please
take me back to him please
I missed you and Mister Donut and I know
you're thinking why don't I just go back
inside to get another doughnut or
something else to eat but I can't
because you know why
because they're gonna take little fatso
Joker's right out to the car not so
excited
ate his two tokens himself and ran back
inside was like mr. mr. I equal my
Donuts really fastly and I need more
doughnuts and sheets of guarantees for
my parts of my mum's I'm in a conundrum
you know we're here this morning for
breakfast and then we're back here again
come on universe-- what some chicken
nuggets oh you came from my water oh my
god guys if it is thanked
I gave him that chip he was staring at
me so true a chip at him I thought who's
gonna steal my eyes hold on give him the
horn oh it's crazy
he's like my pet he's like my pet crow
I never pet crow okay stop looking at me
he's looking at me like he's gonna steal
my eyes now there's two of them he's
brought back up with him all right give
him one nice little bit all right whoa
we got it
crazy I've never seen crow attacked like
this well I'm getting a bit scared and I
feel like I should close the window
because why don't we try stealing my
eyes I like my eyes oh not too close
look at this I think that little light
off so we just left the services and now
our petroleum is a no Liam and so the
only turn off we can take to get some
petrol is mallow and Mitchell's town
mallow and does anyone in the world
living this marshmallow and Michelin Man
they are therefore Marshmallow Man where
are we oh look killed Ben he kill Benny
get better Mitchell in mine better show
up Cena a tapu and then she threw it up
and then not only wasn't sick in the
back of the car but it was pool in the
back of the car but it wasn't normal
pool it was less digestive pool like it
supposed to come out theater NZ side of
cars things of poo-poos my doggy about
poo poos in the car my doggy ate the poo
poos first to remember ray william
general that Eagle Street do you think
that was just type of the YouTube eating
the poopoo it'll probably bring you to
the video probably what oh hell no what
the hell this was m'kay I don't want to
go to a cave
now and local girl like neat new POIs no
Liam look at the no Liam situation and
so did you to snort you actually
distorted oh my god I just snorted my
girlfriend
