got to go to the dentist this morning
gets the ghoul to the dentist this
morning doctor get my crown taking
pictured off finally I have like super
duper or white teeth or something
naturally white tea or something
thank you so the guy the guy who makes
the Crown's King makes the crown he said
fortunately sir we are not in a position
to make a color that you have so we're
gonna have to go ahead and Rifa tog
refine your face they parted some I take
pictures up making people just take
pictures of Java's these days look a hot
Mina that's this morning okay color of
you she started out for like two seconds
yesterday and now she's like some sort
of you put your finger there yeah got
her bean Mila from the Caribbean ah Nina
from the Caribbean
Gophers from the Antarctic what is a
motorbike man in front of us I wish I
was nice again today I hope be nice I do
like when it's sunny but I can I can
pair it up with a scarf I like the scarf
luck guys Oh mom I am I
what am I wearing in a mine I'd be saved
someone's wearing clothes well so they
say like a my diamond my styling yo this
Ibis
well under the camera because these
turns and you know our old traveling
tripod gets a bit unfunctional sometimes
so I got five minutes get there hoping
it's just a quick photo and then we got
a nip down to say goodbye to uncle pack
great uncle Pat crying I'll go bye
she's got no or little Erica left on her
own
careful there now am I not how am I not
we have to go in a hair on it I'm is
actually going to the train station with
uncle Pat great great uncle Pat so I've
been abandoned abandoned so I'm gonna
head home on my own but poor little
Ricky he's like please stay but you see
I have to edit the vlog it is because
it's already 1 o'clock and I haven't
even started and they'd be upset if I
didn't do it they would but then I'd
lose the camera no see you drive it I
know I'll run up - and then I'll go back
- she's a cutter oh I got it we got to
go I'm saying yo there's someone meowing
any cats there oh please meowing all
right gots to go
yeah
but nononono nononono no nein nein nein
Jeffrey I dressed up for the walk today
very formal come on now be stay I let
you off how's that how's that for some
peace and quiet
hmm I was after some peace and quiet
guys it's a 2727 ORS like the 28th of
June which means that on the 2nd of
August we need to be out of out of not
Cork per se but I think we kind of are
guys I think we've been kind of taught
about it and logistically and traveling
in service Lea in for a few many many a
different reason I think we will
actually be leaving Cork and I have
loved living here for the last year I've
had a by Greg Vaughan we've had such
great experiences and it was totally
worth living here for the last year but
I think you know moving on and you know
progressing with the blog at ease and
you know trying new things and doing
different things and we're gonna Dublin
more and we're gonna be I don't live in
Dublin well we'll see with your apples
won't be in in Dublin but surrounding
area Fenster let's call it Lester you
know the monster for a while we've had
fun in Monster you know but good times
good times roll but I think it's time
for a saucony Jolie's season 2 to move
to a new location you know I know the
people in quark are gonna be like
oh and Mama Stalin Erik a bloke what
about damn but you know we kind of
talked about it everybody and we just
thought like of course the phone rings
huh mommy took her hay fever medicine we
can go run in the fields what do you
guys think Anna she doing her for a hair
for tomorrow for her well it's too late
leave comments anyway because you guys
won't get to know till the day after
yeah so what do you think I love her
hair up I'm always a fan of Anna's hair
being off because I love your face and I
think it's really nice wait put it up
all the time so long and you know put so
much time into growing it yeah but the
no heat you need to show it off okay
well then maybe like a happy happy
whatever happy happy is because I don't
really understand hair in general they
never realize anything nature's the
Brady there's a Brady's
they're really intelligent in some way
in other ways like the walk is good and
all but there's nothing quite like being
able to let them air let them do this
you know let them run around in the
grass what are youse doing don't do it
don't do it I'm trusting you
I'm sure look at you two of them get
away three vectors like two of them as I
was saying the walk is nice and all but
there's nothing quite like this remember
in there we have the docking so let's go
to cabin TV Park that was awesome
there's no so big do you guys see the
birds look at them they're crazy I think
that's far as yeah look at their pond oh
no wait come back is that guy going oh
oh oh cool has he yeah yeah I don't know
if your camera even catches them flying
along
it's so cool I think I swallow is there
something I should sign here one like
flu almost touched my leg it was like
whoa can even see that it's so cool I
don't even know if you can see that
cameras always let down on the details
they do oh hey look that pretty lady
you guys gonna pop this we just got it
there
Lennon name it's like Coco Pops I'm
gonna I call it Coco Pops nut it's like
no all right Coco Pops isn't it you guys
ever tried that well I doubt you have
tried it but who's your little doggy
ever try - Turkey and rice
I've worked lamps without the beep hand
formula balance - Jay food it supports
lean muscles and Hindi vital organs
little information for Michonne
it is good veterinarian approved oh look
it has a little targeted areas thyroid
giblets bones body eyes it's good seems
good yeah well now yeah you guys have
any let us know also this is gonna be a
short vlog and Easter already today but
you already know that because you've
probably already seen the length of the
video before you even played it what
what technology is this oh yeah the
littles gonna borrow thing they're
through the line but tomorrow we gotta
go to Dublin again oh that's why that's
why we need to move cuz the drive is
killing me oh it's killing me softly
killing me softly with excuse me mm-hmm
really
well apparently I've got some fantastic
news guys I'm so tired
so tired my my bones are broken I don't
know why but I've broken bone syndrome
broken bone syndrome well yeah I am so
tired and I need to go to Dover tomorrow
I'm sure I have to be there for 11 in
the city centre so I gotta go to my
mom's house yes that's my mom's house so
people are like you guys morning - hey
nice new apartments I'm like huh
so mom says so we got to go there drop
off the couple weapons and then headed
into town and I have to do her
this is letting zoomy by the way I'm
just the chauffeur and the vlogger chair
I'll try and vlog at all because the
journalist stats that she's doing it the
interviewee thing we worked with her
last year remember Anna was unlike the
front cover of some Sunday world
magazine and it's the same I think it's
a Sunday world again so you were you
always like oh I remember last year from
the dogs and stuff we were like that
it's nice so I'm allowed I'm allowed to
travel along like a traveling Wilbury so
y'all trying to vlog it t at all have a
fun time and then we need to collect
Alby and Sina
then we're going to go see a house in a
secret location because it's in a secret
location and that's why it's a secure
location so you guys I'm coming along -
tap - I hope this is good because I
finally found somewhere that has fiber
powered broadband which is like a
hundred Meg line we get our television
sitting and we could like we can
actually use this room we can sit down
here and watch television watch because
this is hey guys we never ever use this
room we have this room we just never
it's like it's like a walk to room this
room is like you walk to it like that's
a nice room that's all it does it has
absolutely no point in existence yeah
this is like a sitting room and we'd
have like UPC which is like 150 channels
and I'd be cool to have like a TV like a
center point of the house again you know
it's gonna mess up kids got a garden
it's got like a driveway so I wouldn't
have to like walk a million miles to get
to my car you stop that's tomato the
park it's like a front door from here
better better lock that back up yeah and
it's got like an the roof the area is
really nice you know and it's quiet
little area you know hopefully they
probably don't know about do youtubes so
yeah this is this takes all the box
ticked all the buskers busca is a ticker
front of you internationals I don't know
what a busca is bus gives the I refer
box well yeah it ticks all the boxes
Xena and this freaking stone man see
this little stone it's real stone I
don't know where it came from I think
she got on she's out in a walk one time
but you find it everywhere top of the
stairs soon as you wake over the one
first thing you didn't you just step on
the stone and yeah ticks all the boxes
so wish me luck wish this look we'll
find out tomorrow you will find out the
next day
oh yeah look please because we're
running out of time that's a scary thing
you know when you start running at a
time and that like the the rental of a
estate agent property in your life sure
you want to you wanna move around
Ayrshire you're gonna be moving along
moving along there buddy we're like oh
no we're going to be home with him leave
me a comment if I can come live with you
we're gonna make a mess two dogs we make
because all the time and and and I I
slice your bagels and make you some
coffee
