it was something it's like that's really
nice today somebody tweeted me on
Twitter and she was like yesterday and
she's like fingers crossed for the big
heat wave that's coming on like what
what he told me about that so and it
came true and I'm guessing she lives in
the same place with me I'm guessing she
lives in port because apparently and
Jumpman and puff north it's not the same
but yeah it's super nice pure blue skies
and thankfully our balcony is
south-facing so we get most of our Sun
like in the afternoon though but I love
it I was here that's what I really want
in our next place I really want like a
garden or a balcony or something to lay
out because in our last places before
this we didn't have anything like that
and I hate of it because Jonathan works
like I'm the computer as you guys know a
lot so a lot of times we're not able to
like go somewhere to lay out like the
beach or like a park or something so
it's nice for me to just be able to come
inside my house so Jonathan is making
coffee I think and Eric has coming over
a little bit Erica and my mom and uncle
Pat and I'm Barbra his wife but they are
all going out then and then eric has
gonna stay here for the dates though the
trees like look at the sky
it's really pretty look at my dead tree
oh and I did some weeding I pulled up
all the horrible wheat there was like
really
prickly horrible and you can see some of
them they're still there there were
gross and I had to like pick them
they're prickling all my arm and my
hands and my fingers see now how can we
see that
what a loser dancing you're such a loser
I love you you don't realize you're
strange sometimes I know we go to the
beach if you take Erica if you go to the
beach with the dog they're like oh he's
so much fun and then tonight you can
just pull an all-nighter easy man
come on it's like the perfect day for
the beach finalize take your perfect
date to the beach number three
thank you whatever but then tomorrow's
brilliantly raining that's the problem
with Ireland you just have to like take
both legs days ticket please please miss
Jayla won't you you're almost finished
anyway
what yeah I'm uploading the vlog it is
I'm not the entire tutorial report
things it's great how to do After
Effects project files so that has to be
made with the screenshots and tutorials
everything then we're gonna do the other
After Effects project that I'm working
on and then and then Paul will go to the
beach yeah I just don't think we're
gonna have time I think I think well
yeah I know so you could take her to the
didn't know be so much fun
who's that who's that now look at Cena's
face she is so cute and so are you you
always give see NASA with more attention
and help we always get not like do you
don't want to go there no is it why do
you always give out me way more
attention
dude look out anymore in the CETA are
like you always have seen our way too
much Vincent life children need
different forms of attention some need
more in some ways and somebody corners
and how he needs a certain attention
attention
yeah I thought it is like it's not like
one's getting more than the other it's
at any different types of attention plus
Tina's a mommy's girl and I'll be is a
daddy's boy
sign your account and alright
what's this washing machine just broke
for like a millionth time like it always
does this doing those bad breaks
yeah I see that's like jumping back to
idiots here I have to come out and save
the day no see now you're just gonna get
all dirty
that's all I sweat Lee yeah yes it's
ringing of swiftly and as a useless well
you're the man at the house yeah and
washing falls on their woman process not
anymore
our working microwave working light
switches a working bad working toilet
and working
she washer this in case you guys are
like over the next month or so
right and you're like living in part you
just before face with it right and you
come in here right and you're like
looking around and it looks like this
place why should we shoot at lights
let's check the bag okay during your
when you're interviewing the place but
come on I just run a quick wash it try
to write discreetly microwave this we're
gonna cook our lunch and we are eating
the creamy garlic Irish chicken Kiev's
okay you already had your lunch what
Jonathan already had his lunch Jonathan
H a last bagel at the last working so
hard so you can enjoy your lifestyle
come on your little chores you know but
seriously is it okay if I make that yes
gross yeah yeah cuz you said you didn't
even really like it the ones they don't
wash Thanks okay action
so Eric and I've been looking for a
place to live um places in court because
air cut does not one we're going to
leave Court guys yeah we were actually
looking at places like kill their you
know cuz we don't wanna live in Dublin
but then one to be like close the door
and then me this morning she said if you
do for the sake of her bones yeah so
Erica would be sad
so we're looking the bedroom for
hurricane this one too I know it's nice
so take a look through those your photo
and then maybe call them if you see
anything you like okay why this one has
a clip great well this would be a nice
time okay so we're gonna take a look and
then we might go and see some places
today so Erika has a story to tell of
what happened to her the other day
apparently um there are these new like
sweet shops in court sorry like two of
them to Jordan saying anything no penny
that these two new sweet shops in court
and Eric I got what was it a black death
sweet and she ate it and her tongue kind
of bleeding huh what happened that
happened to me once but just by
breathing
what are they call it black - Shh you
quiet like that's what you've been
anyways it's not really freaky I have
like never going goes meat wasabi there
you go careful
this is what Jonathan always does to me
he's like so Anna what do you think
about that and then I'm like yeah no
wonder people call me spotty because my
spots sorry did you look it up just to
have you PC got a type of five minutes
it's close by games like right here
whichever time it's like oh my goodness
like gosh darn I got Irish skin Irish
skin is like starts off kind of like a
blue in color and then after a couple of
hours of Sun it goes to a sort of a
white you know and I am I'm lucky
someday it might go to a slight brown
but that's probably from standing too
close to a fluorescent light or
something
I'm dropping out at mama style Alliance
unfortunately I can't go
down down with that sort of thing that
skills 100 million our week you want to
be you want to be in my gang bag and my
gang so much stuff to do I have no time
cos I haven't even have it
I might new in a blog that I don't even
think I vlog tonight an Erica to get
over today stayed safety show your ass
okay per show shaver show she she all
jokes me for y'all and they're dumb prop
now to get out what do you want you
getting from the nerve
that's that baking try to try to pay the
whole like what's that mom shepherd's
pie
hmm oh I'm the barbecue I like I hate
you so much I hate you so much but a
meringue high but thing is gotta work
twice as hard but we got to have family
time all the time oh that's the face I
fell in love Ali no more back to it guys
but to Cameroon oh nice you just into
toya hair honor after facts and stuff
like that for the studio they look like
an SOP so that they'll be able to carry
on without your puzzle what I really
know yeah that's complicated
it's a complicated thing but uh I'm
getting Giorgio it's like my glam my
little circles like my little circles oh
come on guys let's get torch Oh God look
at the mess of this place don't see what
else I was working all day just like a
sneak peek right only a tiny little
sneak peek right but I still under you
butterflies that's out bitch the private
time sir private time he's actually a
hook up the hook and zo pansies okay I
need some food before I before I
disappear into an abyss of skin and
bones
this guy guys everyone I've gotten done
you know what I've done and done cuz
people said change me you should just
toast waffles well I couldn't fit them
all in so I kind of put two of them down
the bottom no two of them on the top
alright super rad
oh god this is gonna burn my fingers why
can't we have a closer
Hey
Tosun um kind of works you ever ask me
accommodators ago told me to toast EDI
waffles comes up to you sir or mam tor
ma'am horse sir
huh you know but this oh goodness
there's no catsup
there's no catsup there's no chili sauce
just absolutely nothing
fant√°stico dry waffles
no man we've rented everything nothing
at all nothing at all bicarbonate of
soda I don't even know what bicarbonate
of soda is it you do do you know sniff
around and get your sniff
person-to-person
this little sniff sniff person is all
sniffing oh man seriously nothing I
don't like Mayo I have no idea how old
this is I know what that is mushy fish
or something and even know where there's
a bottle of wine enough because neither
of us drink wine there's nothing like
our Zevon's gone is it what's this dip
it in that maybe nothing nothing no
thing the one Canterbury wrong no oh
those two little peckers I picked those
two little factors put away the chicken
yeah
oh that's to go collect mommy you know
guys this happened you today I saw this
footage and I kept taking myself you
know what I need to do I need to upload
this album you can see this channel
right with a bit of funny stuff on it
right check this out hey it's gonna blow
your mind right remember what this
happened okay
I think it is oh no turn the thingy off
as I'm leaving to click mommy now my
darlin are you ready ready things like
come on this is how you dance this was
how you roll
maybe it'll be unequals tree maybe
you'll be famous Oh me you're probably
not come on let's go click mommy let's
go start going to collect mommy cool
look I've never kind of vlog at the
front in the car in the nighttime it's
dark and spooky dark and spooky
dark and spooky tunnels poking into okay
I turn the camera around though um you
won't be able to see me because it's
dark in a car but it's kinda like a
radio show hello this is nighttime drive
with your host javis so why don't you
get yourself comfortable
pull up a nice hot cup of cocoa and get
ready for a spine-chilling jingle and
tail of velocity I don't know I don't
know what I was saying that's the fact
it's so fact oh I hope there's nobody
help
oh no point of driving in nighttime this
is no traffic Oh guys I can't believe
how much stuff I did today it was so
much chickens but it's done it's done I
think it's done I have no idea of it's
done I can only hope can you keep it
there more toffee popcorn mm-hmm
12 it chop it chop it oh I think Nina
has no problem with that
oh god I got thighs I scored some
rhubarb pie it's not crumble hello hello
isn't evil catch I scared the crap out
of Erica cuz I can move to the window
not a scratch and I knew it now you you
did not
I saw you another patient it's the
Joker's man so how do you make talking
up cornea tell him yeah well so you make
the popcorn No
make popcorn first right then you do
then what you do what any little thing
and then put in sugar what I don't put
in too much other just mix it around
until it kind of like thick and then you
have to put it in then you have to put
it over there little bit of popcorn
that's it
then you go for turf Allen I'm like 2
teaspoons - its French ogre by the way
brown sugar
well what's that what side you diggin
I'm about to take it so don't give me
this a denture don't bite in there and
cut it back
what's it what's in the inside what size
that custard Oh
