Fastow hmm we'd rent this place come a
pile of t-shirts and someone left the
comment they were like guys did he sign
him we're like oh it's kind of hard to
me to bring in so go over like checking
my mom's like random and drawer I'm
gonna find marker for laundry a dry
marker for laundry exactly what you
would use if you wanted to sign a
t-shirt how random is that that you
would have that here so we're probably
gonna be later than twelve o'clock like
you said because lazybones here is
having her lunch but on the flip side
guys check out the rainy day that has
changed my throat here do a second yeah
okay there's horrible big rain clouds
everywhere but but just maybe because
this is really sunny right now wouldn't
be awesome at least like this I bet you
by the time we go in there now it'll be
like all sunny or rainy rainy doesn't
really matter because we're just made up
insides inside some places I just hope
that people aren't going to get that
back to alkaline where you buy your
buddy buddy right everybody
why fine boy are you where are you buddy
buddy buddy if this is if this goes
successful today which and okay oh no
one turns up like what am I gonna do
theater teachers I go and take them home
you know because I know a couple people
have tweeted me and said you're probably
gonna go so that's like awesome but this
is like probably like a one-time thing
I'm gonna do in Dublin and then these
are gonna go on sale pretty darn soon so
that's that's the end of that so you
know and I'm putting on doing a quark I
leave one one time in court because it's
not a pharisee oh isn't it
it's a fair thing to do Jordan to be
like me but did not but yeah I hate
there's no coffee in this house I feel
like I'm on like one of those like
Priory's or something you know places
where I like the celebrity junkies and
stuff go you know and you're like come
on give us a shot
get us a charge and coffee yeah I think
we're taking baggage so we watched last
night we worked to kerry Katona
show we never have a TV ever ever in the
history of ever so we actually start
watching them the kerry Katona show I
think she's like she's like go down
prior a-priori priori something like
that isn't it and she's turning her life
around she's turning her life around
what am I supposed to do like just like
sign it Nick it's hard to do this in one
hand do you want
doofus oh crap oh crap I messed that one
up
who wants the best Oh teacher yeah yeah
the film is I can fit inside it look oh
it just made a mess of everything
Oh No that we have no patience to keep
boy in Dublin I messed up one of the
t-shirts it's really hard by the way you
see you know what what my terrenal deal
your turn Geo I didn't really hard
here's a nicer though I can't nicer
writing okay put a little star there why
just put a little star there
well a little bit more obvious than that
okay whoever gets this t-shirt with the
little star there if your teacher has a
little star there you got the first ever
signed you guys t-shirt take your
t-shirt now this is also super cool when
you get it
it has Joe foo five Joe Popeye and
brackets because I totally messed it up
that was the one I was trying to record
I hope actually know if they're properly
Adam to watch t-shirts are in the bag yo
I'm just kind of mush to live with him
in there
pullings up that's it oh yeah I'm
excited as you guys you - what are you
look at this it off hang on
hello hello this is a funny angle sorry
Ali Baba hmm
oh my goodness hourly we should always
match you've decided our new thing now
guys is that whenever we do television
or anything like that where you see us
we're gonna try and match cuz I wasn't
even fed yesterday and then we were
watching a back like you know what
matching is cool
oh we're so late so late you know what
this is mine this is why I was thinking
right it's the same time I was like you
know I'm like a sweeter location the
first few people to get there we'll get
t-shirt and so I think what will happen
is that I'll tweet the location right
and everyone that's you know interest in
playing the game was in town today to
play the game we'll go to that one
location I let everyone will be there
I'm gonna give her all the t-shirts and
then I'll keep that like and then we've
just had like an impromptu Meetup and
then that's it cuz like I was like oh
that is like I don't really think about
it imagine I tweeted right and I said
you
oh I meet you at this location right and
we turn off a new mist because I've
already given a t-shirt because someone
got there before me and I'm like okay
I'll take ten minutes at the next
location wouldn't you just follow me
yeah I didn't really I didn't really put
luck to tonkin for this one I don't know
what I was thinking like all right don't
ignore the first tweet just wait for the
second tweet and it's like I don't know
look at this thing I think this is like
some big teacher thing who's got the
tourist outsider
there's the epoxies teacher there's
loads of toys outside so I'm gonna save
you guys
the time and money of having to travel
to Ireland and come see it because there
it is okay absorb it all in guys
oh there's some little parking it's
attached to it yeah there's a Majesty
Joker the particles
ready
hello elevator 1 yeah yeah there's no
grand there's no greater no I wouldn't
be cool of our show c'mon I probably
actually wearing those as I did
yesterday just just some people notice
me planets the head down the back street
when I came back to Dubois alright kind
of the same copper spots because two
countries watch the same caucus but you
have to look at the same caught the
spotter I like what like - Wow
okay just tweet where we are for the
picture of that and it stopped eating
fell offers to medium no don't think so
and there a to small left no well that
was a bit quicker than expected
I was gonna do to many people but you
did come first so that everyone anyone
want any of our TV
we're back in Tuesday
brain doubling Tuesday so okay what
about you I know I did say I didn't
forget like you know yeah we recognize
your name I don't even get put on
Facebook that's like boom I'm a super
quick sorry
yeah look at cool everyone else
or just cut that bit out on an asparagus
you don't get hugs you got t-shirts that
was so much quicker than expected like I
didn't think anyone I knew Dino was
gonna show up and I did Steven why for a
second tweet that never happened I'm
gonna put random tweets and then he was
like have you stop them from seeing the
first yeah unless they move like all the
way to the second one thinking like oh
it's a second you better chance then you
can just follow us from here too much
planning into that one except on your
clue when we first got them we were
wearing the Moran you forget that your
face on them you're like in a shop and I
kind of like like oh yeah oops forgot
about that yeah yeah what you want to go
straight into 50 and do more work like
they get it like funny bad that we only
brought six now
they're everything who was late it was
late no I know it's uh it's how we were
taking a picture he's new to YouTube you
check the back yo underside there is a
little something I'm one of them which
is really funny see the corner of them
no it's not that's actually in the blog
because that's the first one I messed up
you can see did you you can see tomorrow
and special about that one I'll be peed
in that one
we going to use so we're going now
oh hang on he's gonna be talking about
that the whole way and you guys go to
the rant on this car park
please pick your dick - hi oh it is 5:00
we all can look the same cooler always
get an assassin oh yeah oh it's great
you guys see everybody yeah I know
that's so nice
yeah I was so hard to leave them always
like okay guys I gotta go mrs. have you
gotta go of it like ten times and we
just never left go back at home now
gotsta Oh what are you in configuring
service packs oh wait now you're the one
I get the vlog he's up before we go then
I want to take these little guys to push
apart and see the duckies with duckies
in Boise back
yeah yeah this is a little pond area and
scene is probably gonna jump into the
pond
Oh No
what's going on okay never last time we
tried to come down here to the Ducks
guys the park was closed
geometry oh yes there's really big steps
I'll gonna smell kinda like an exam
today
a little water come on guys
go you'll be loads a sniff later we're
having a crazy snippet on this is all
new places you see the donkey's he's
trying to fight devise a plan of how he
could get out there I could just make
some sort of a boat all goodness is this
one over here be careful now hope put
these rake it oh okay whoa whoa
okay they're coming I'll be ugly come on
they're so scary
it's really scary is it like I'm moving
closer
likewise maybe cuz you know dogs need to
get any yeah any attention look Cena's
gonna fall in watch wait fresh come on
guys alright Forest Park there's
actually places called here's a lot
during is this first part you can leave
me a comment if you know who come on I
know they really like oh are you part of
our team now
hi there muddy Oh Cena likes the mud
I'll be looking pretty walk around
--is-- look luckiest is they look he's
walk around no no no no she's like
running in it yeah well yeah look you up
here just like these that sort of I
don't know what the hell we call them
like a wall of like bark and rock and
stuff here it is here and you'd always
like run and see who get up the fastest
the farthest and that's so cool she's
not listening to me guys just just you
and me here in this conversation
cuz look he can kind of hang on do you
want to try and play can I see how far
you can get up
uh apart the green the other side of the
park you're not gonna make it I'm not
gonna make it no but look right at the
top there you have to run over you to
climb up these things and hop up there
you see oh you aren't prepared she
wasn't prepared guys look was that look
like something out of a horror movie
isn't it look at the way it's all like
green and slimy whoa feel like I need to
throw something in there and you throw
something in there guys
Oh Xena Xena Xena
I don't know how that happened
one second she started beside me next
thing she was in there
oh my god like when second jeans are
standing beside me I find that it's all
shallow right there but I hope she get
some clean water now clean you learn to
swim at the same time this is the place
we're looking at guys it's a one-bed
studio bedsit type of malarkey but I
wouldn't go in there cuz uh
goodness knows what goes what what
mischief is there but uh no never know
what you could find
let's run it off I know good boy Alvey
just as a bit of a disclaimer for
anyone's like oh my god I'm a fully
qualified simian teacher and is a taejun
little baby infants head to swim what'd
you do did she just drop them into water
that's what you do they figure it out so
they are perfectly happy you guys happy
huh yeah because one of the girls who
didn't get one a t-shirt today look she
just tweeted me she was at the thing but
it look so bad I was like it just if he
got home we remembered I was like I had
one of my books it's like she the style
I have bugs or something I just feel so
bad cuz I was thinking like only like
six people are putting on like I don't
even think six we would even turn up but
I was like nah I didn't get through a
second location you know buddy annoys me
no a little bit you know and I know it
comes like part and parcel or what we do
but I just feel like we just upload the
video Derek we don't are on the M and
stuff and like we're not like bragging
or being are like oh man you know
showing in so when I ask you like do you
want us to put the press it or not and
everybody saying yeah yes please and
like if you don't like will be really
upset because we were part we want to
feel like we're part of this journey
because we supported you
- yeah this fire which is absolutely
free and then get people who like leaves
the stupidest comments and it's just
like why would you even do that like
just stop watching yeah that's it like
just stop we make it very clear yeah I
think it's so clear all the time not in
this for the fame in us for the
celebrity like and then people will say
stupidest thing like you know you're not
the only loggers who are doing this doll
we talk about how often do I talk about
J Carl or mommy tired or any other
people put you under son what are we
doing press they're interviewing us
because they want to hear about us it's
not like we're bragging we cannot help
the questions they ask
come on explain to Irish people what we
do exactly because we're the only ones
in Ireland just be like oh well shaycarl
they'll be like who's that and it were
just like it just is not relevant at all
you know like so it's just it's so
annoying when people just say they hate
on us now because we're getting or it
were to commercial or you have no idea
people are telling us now that we do
this for the money guys like if we did
this for the money if anyone on YouTube
did it for the money there would be no
YouTube exactly it's not possible you
put in so much work so much effort I you
study here like pretty much the whole a
day - the walk and replying to all the
mess and the same community around luck
and YouTube and Twitter and I have seen
or playing I've been thanking everybody
like profusely for you know their
support in the last few days especially
so to tell us that we're doing it for
the money is a little bit like crazy
because we put so much effort into this
but way more work into this then what we
get back because like you dictionaries
exactly you just want to just stay doing
like normal jobs and not doing the blogs
and stuff but it was building a
community it just kind of upsets us when
people say I know we're like we're like
all hit comes when it's like yeah but
this is our vlog and we can say how we
feel we're another thing that we don't
like is when it's been happening like a
couple of times lately someone will
leave us a really nice comment and then
someone else will attack that person
yeah that's really mean
like that's really unfair because that
person is one of it's like you pick it
on the community
yeah for a positivity kind of vibe and
like you want to feel good about
yourself and you feel like you're in a
safe community and then if you try and
breach that and try and attack somebody
within our community that's
really upsetting because that's just not
on like you can't do that like that's
one of our viewers in one of our studies
and you're attacking her for what like
somebody did that yesterday attacked her
for saying that her brother or her
something was yeah like we're mother
like I'd be so proud if someone did
anything and that's all that's happened
and all the Irish media are just kind of
like proud that were Irish people in
this tiny teeny little island and we
have to sort of success in a way on
YouTube and it's just they're all
curious and they're all proud and
they're not saying we're the first
people ever are were like super
celebrities or anything like that
proud whoever is that we're rich
whoever's ever famous who ever said
we're celebrities like we're not we're
always so damn to earth and so honest
about it and like some people just don't
get it they just I don't know they just
look don't get it at all we're still the
same people we're just like making
youtube videos about what's going on in
our lives
that hasn't changed we're gonna go home
I'm gonna go home yeah you guys want to
go home do their broken bed here is
there is so far so what did you buy
did they go ma'am
some fresh Canadian Tim Hortons huh -
Krispy Kremes thanks this became sharper
fatter jealous
yo ray I'm always in there and the guy
never has the tray thing ya actually
decided to say it to him I was like you
know you wouldn't need to get the cup
holder things here and he actually went
in at the back and all and he got me
this thing and I was like probably knows
who I am you know I don't am
quarter-past Devi
boom you're gonna get all the comments
now well I think you guys have sold out
a little no I must think that's what a
hater sounds like they always sound
really like crazy
