right let's get some coffee
seeing that because in trouble
mmm those are my mom's my mum's drinkies
kinky some um oops not a big fan of
these old coffee plunger things but
don't really have an option rudely von
jungle in my tum-tum-tummy well coming
through coming through
go to your lab television yo can stop
and chat
get a little siren thing this is
exciting this is like exciting and scary
I don't know which one's more exciting
or am more scared important Santini's
sighting exciting not really scaring
it's just like the anticipation is like
we live our lives on camera but this is
different there's a bright pop to the
red-light cameras like Warren's got the
red light on ah mother you need to
invest in some coffee okay because there
was no coffee in the house and we've had
to cut through all the mornings at the
drive out to a coffee place but I think
you've got a bit of time because harder
laughs are no recce last night you know
exactly what were the looking one okay
we're decided we're gonna take two
ultimate risk we're going to drive there
without the coffee's and hope to
graciously Oh Lord above will you please
bring me some coffee all right because
there's our last chance the last chance
to swim to get coffee is right there and
we're gonna risk it all
so I'm if I seem a little groggy on TV
am I actually going to end up imagine
actually ending up with no coffee and
just like going on live TV trying to be
perky like well that'll be a hoot but so
I'm white whoop this idea I don't know
seemed like a thing to do or something
you know restriction to meet me this is
a very important that's a you know
you're you're hardcore usually I like it
a little Spach probably would add my
probably gonna be getting one of these
fix all that up now where are you guys
basically everything everything you see
how do you do miss out in here well over
a year yeah I had 75 I think all right
375 kidding me come kind of make up what
I need lots of work good work here you
look here look here you version of a
meddler phrases which all you think of
my brothers I've added it needs to wear
that I'll go age concentrated tyrosine
kinases which is the right thing about
addresses raising and dissociation on
this personnel and the dollar this whole
virtually because the information is
yeah they have to so collecting people's
are strangers or linking to an all-time
entry or whatever we don't know this
okay no you can talk actually under over
getting the copy
thank you look at my makeup hmm Varrick
really cool ascender she's come up
everyday you dislike look way better
yeah look fully awake as well
I know minutes to go
you get take our code top of him she's
gentle here just get your bag this is
the very important man in the microphone
man okay let's get to Trudeau t-shirt
yeah you fell away yeah yeah exactly
you're like what yeah there's no noise
someone is there no no I'm making a
program on a live program yeah it's a
first to get that what back now our next
guest became internet sensations when
they launched their own video diary
documenting their normal day-to-day
activities through episodes posted daily
we see the young Irish couple do
everything from celebrating holidays to
training their dogs one year on they've
gathered a legion of fans across the
world with more than 2 million YouTube
views they now have an official a
channel and partnership deal with them
and we're joined this morning by Anna
Saucony
and Jonathan jolly but first let's take
a quick look at one of their most viewed
video diaries where Jonathan proposed to
Anna
Lana's mom I said on the phone I'm going
to try and put candles everywhere I'm
gonna put their pedals everywhere and
I'm gonna hope to these to go along with
her - don't ruin everything
so we go kind of scared a little bit
and before you ask he did burn the leg
off because we just asked us about the
wine to both of you wait a morning guys
I feel like I kind of know you weirdly
I'm watching a lot of us I know we get
that a lot yeah I get that a lot
yeah tell us how this all came about
Donna because it's been very organic
this wasn't the plan it just kind of
came about so how did it all start
I think well it was Jonathan's idea
Jonathan was really kind of at the
forefront of this and it was Johnson you
tell yeah he did better yeah it's just
him you know we started off from coming
out of college was not really going on
you know and I thinking I wanted
something interesting and blogging what
started becoming bigger and people are
doing sort of you know no one people are
moving towards video is more like blogs
and cell phones like all one is
something different so we just started
making like funny videos and YouTube
people start Johnson sorry for that anna
has had a successful a very successful
blog of her own so she's not a complete
sort of novice in this area no men is
ask you questions
yeah and Jonathan had appeared in some
of my videos on my style channel believe
it or not yeah and believe it I know cuz
he's not really into fashion or style or
parity so anyway this is his first time
wearing makeup yeah but he had a period
in a few of them and a lot of people
really liked him like a lot of my
viewers really really took to Jonathan
and I think he just has a really
positive energy and people really think
that that was it it just sort of and at
the start you kind of at the start
you're making like more structured
videos you know you're thinking like all
cut here not edit here and I'll make
this and then you're moving towards
people that want that they just wanted
you just to be yourself and just be kind
of like you know funny and and then it
was there a conscious decision to that
go okay well let's just put our lives up
there cuz that's like it's kind of a big
thing to do or did you think about or
did it just happen no it wasn't that
much talk though I think because I was
already on YouTube and we were already
kind of doing something similar that it
was just like a natural progression we
didn't really think too much any anybody
who comes into the business at the first
thing they say to you be yourself
I never any pro will tell you the
hardest thing to do is to be yourself
because you you you you kind of how do I
put it you you are more up and you get
your act together and you present it no
it has to be a facet of yourself to be
true and to rely on the audience but it
can't be the entire truth because nobody
wants very few people want
exposing us to that extent so this is
the issue for you now that you've got
huge where does the line where where is
the line has it moved
I don't think so le this and what isn't
any we actually yesterday I know we're
having a fight before we left to come
here we never we never really fight all
the time
but it's it's kind of you know nobody
special
I'll get the camera yeah can we get
Stronach you then yeah it would be
unnatural to do that so yesterday for
the first time because we had heard from
so many people do you guys fight you
know how are you possibly positive all
the time so I waved at the camera and it
will be on today's vlog our first kind
of YouTube fight and what we having to
find about um probably something stairs
being messy the upstairs being my very
good hanging clothes
I like making a pile to make good piles
yeah from the same yes yeah that's what
normal people do yeah it's all the time
people who love each other fight exactly
all the time so that's so that's taking
a step down to showing warts and all
yeah the one thing we won't do toe
inappropriate things and by the language
those things are like you know rating
this there's the side of their that we
look at narrative grown successful you
have a show you have to think about
ratings you have to think about you know
the production behind it you don't know
ruin it so it's like we're not gonna
really be cursing and making out in the
videos a lot of young viewers watch as
well so no really no everything's you
look at the thing you're now side by
side with the Kardashians and which are
Jersey Shore note I have a daughter as a
wife who watch that and to be honest
with you I think they're just vulgar
yeah what we are like some people
complained was about that we are like
very conservative and how we do it but
you got to be pressurized into going
down that route I don't think so in in
YouTube because we started nothing and
we created this entire platform
therefore no one is in control we were
in control we produce our show and we
license it now out to YouTube and
YouTube put her in there platform but if
you were to start seeing your Racing's
dropping let's are taking more clothes
on a shorter skirt well the other thing
is is that maybe the pendulum has swung
so far in one direction that what people
want is an antidote it's a it has to be
honest with you can say that what
happened because we get a lot of that we
we get people saying you know I had a
really bad day today and I just watched
your video and it made me feel better
and
it's because of the positivity you know
yeah you're both very positive people
and that's what you show Wow well yeah
give us a sense of your success how many
people have seen for example bass the
most popular watch clip the engagement
how many people I've seen that are three
four thousand twenty four thousand yeah
but this is what I talk about Ireland
yeah yeah like she's a lot of probably
smallest in a Heartland because of the
amount of people that are here I was
gonna ask you know why she loves you
most which country is mostly America the
state yeah probably the US well yeah but
then we get in trouble whenever we say
that because people leave comments and
they say well I'm in Germany I'm in
Austria and Italy I'm and finally you're
in a global sensation
yes don't you see it is that what we
just see ourselves it's just two normal
people that just kind of have gotten but
this is all consuming us this is your
entire life this is how you make money
yeah yeah how do you make money can I
ask you the vulgar question how do you
make money and how much money do you
make
um there there's certain rules about
being a partner that you do have to sign
a nondisclosure agreement about the
monetizing of advertising but
essentially how it works is that if you
get a partnership deal you then get a
percentage of the revenue that's
generated from advertising so it's like
any sort of form of media okay about the
content they display it and display
adverts so we're driving the consumers
to go and give ads and you get a closer
to that yeah okay and it's enough for
you to live comfortably or not like you
know it's it we're not millionaires yeah
yes didn't take the helicopter here
today I hope supplying going forwards
guys I mean it's just to continue doing
this I think when we started it you know
I was just a graduate with no no
prospects and turning into this has
opened a lot more ideas and doors and
it's like you know let's invest into
this platform like this is really
interesting you know everyone's
interacting with us and you're getting
run aren't they out like what you know I
don't think that would have happened if
we had gone you know I don't get a
normal job I'm trying to pursue
something different and this is you're
just kind of just gonna write it like is
there not a day that wonder when you go
oh geez I just don't want to film today
I'm not feelin the mood yeah better bad
hair day yeah absolutely and I think
when that happens it usually thankfully
happens to one of us and not both
so one of us will just kind of take over
for the day so sometimes Jonathan it
doesn't happen very often but sometimes
Jonathan has an off day and I'll take we
have two cameras actually so I'll take
one of the camera film every day yeah
regardless of what's going on in your
life it's harder some days like em when
I like news that makalah Judy released a
new mop pack for the black ops game
those days I'm like I know what I'm
supposed to do and it's your turn okay
go over what points are having disgusted
be monsters at what point does your life
stop being your life and do you call a
halt is there a line that you will is
there a point where you will say do you
know what this is this is we can't live
our lives like this anymore I I don't
know like um people sometimes Sylvia
private emails and people like send you
pictures of Street View I'm like hey
does your house it's like or someone
where does the commenter like I was
walking by a hair see Dan's looking in
but I couldn't see you you're thinking
that's a bit freaky yeah give you your
bangs our faults as well I mean you know
we put our welcoming people yeah you
know we have to be don't have children
with dogs but he's not like we're not
that protective and yeah like I don't
know you keep on going like yeah I think
want to be an anonymous in a way in
Ireland is that you know we have this
entire country that we got the filament
and we get we're in can sale there today
to go up to call we've go meet up
stranded country and so many people
don't know what you're doing they just
see this guy walking on the road in
other words it hasn't really intruded
you know too much too much
she won't eat but like yeah lovely idea
it's a great idea and foreplay to you
both thank you very much we'll take a
break see you back here that was
actually really easy not easy but you
just like they're really actually really
nice I've never I've never met those two
before but I'm I said like him they were
nice plus that girl is like super pretty
in real life is GK yeah I think
I didn't really know because I'm never
up this early but yeah they're both
really nice liberals actually
good-looking yeah yeah I mean not that
they're not on TV but it's just
different when you meet some new person
yeah I know and I I don't know I do blah
I didn't look at a camera and I was just
like chatting away and then I kind of
forgot the cameras even there and then I
was like on that's just really cool
actually like so that was our first time
parents well I was on TV where there's
an abandoned years ago what let's let's
not talk about that let's talk about the
future no future now so we're just home
and I DVR'd it so we're actually gonna
watch it now and then see how we did why
is it thing over there my next guest
became internet sensations when I watch
their own video diaries documentary
normal day-to-day activities this is
great celebrating holidays to training
their dolls when you're on big league in
fact it's so different I didn't know if
we were visible I know isn't it I did us
oh where do we love jolly
I'm now like back to back I'm so tired
are you doing over there in our separate
beds
that's mums plan look up not really
now right guys huh to motional vocal oh
fuck assesses oh god I will see you guys
in a couple of hours you're on the
blog's now
my visa I never help here like you're so
jealous
yeah you know penny we feel like we're
doing like a tester for sometimes you've
never been into the ref Barnum test oh
well I have when I was it a young strip
I think it's a super-clean like that
little right before it was pesto but now
this is pretty good Hugh so isn't it
yeah myself do they do have the same
foods everywhere what does it taste the
same when I park it doesn't go by you
think looks like money then a single
hair bed some camping equipment set grip
we're on vacation I'm baked a rule
that's yellow stickers and prove all
yellow stickers or today they're more
expensive than cereal I was just saying
you have a quick kind of Oh on the go oh
I like on the go
I like me today Luke so green eyes
what about guys I got my bagels my
breakfast
no coffee maybe tomorrow we'll just go
ahead and get a copy you know three
that's the world day I'll be down at the
plan let's get something biggie
because oh my goodness they have to deal
here
they're also that no one in my hand they
do look hundred percent free grab it
let's do it
yeah high school Park ha ha we got the
we Jacobs ding
I'm sorry as I am very tired okay I was
on TV that's one good half the fun
everyone I'm doing it
oh yeah there's only one only by a
single banana from Tesco but it is it at
least Dumanis per kilogram yeah
alright about one banana do you feel any
good like different shopping and ER so
you get like different right kind of
stuffs yeah no spicy so like hang around
here when I was a kid
camera oh these are perfect no this is
my Farnham no girl was like further up
that way this way butter crispy supermom
one year yeah yeah she did how we didn't
go to the scouts doe what ad don't tell
her okay
well she's something like totally cool
this is the school that I went to when I
was cool uh-huh I was a young chap
there's Turner College
you have to go low or return armed a la
luz play rugby again
rock rock I can say that NASA
interrogatory because I am from here I
grew up on this very Road I'm actually
gonna show you guys because mommy and
daddy decided they did not get along so
they sold their soul strop assholes
little house
so it's okay I'll show you where it is
and in fact one of you could be living
in it right it was like oh my god that's
my house
alright it's right this is for field
road here guys this is an old stomping
ground so let's bring it back backing up
backing up backing up backing up oh
goodness
Baram is up here and inside okay there's
a car behind me so I have to go slow
okay
check it out right this is old this is
the house I was brought up and ready
that one there just the house was
brought up and
let's get you Lavina quick quick quick
quick escape Lavanya
this is where my my bike gang is to hang
out I know you're thinking bikes whoa
was actually a cycling gang we are
called schools in crossbow there was two
guys or girls then the other guy left
when I left and then there was a girl
Gant
so yesterday I was like bringing the
screen there with and totally forgot the
power supply for the screen so I got the
page and I got a jack dope into the TV
here but um it's working it's working
it's pretty darn late though Lana I know
you guys are gonna forgive me some that
right there forgiving type Alyssa this
is the remote studio quoi TM the
promotions and marketing department over
there where the production of iron
there's security here oh he wants a
curly dad where's uh where's catering
owner she's over here fast asleep
ah sucks I'm speaking of catering get
some coffee Joe or actually um look what
we have here mmm yum yum so we got
excited by coffee and I didn't realize
that I forgot we didn't have enough
machine things here what was I thinking
what was I thinking
hello hello guys hello ah ha ha ha it's
so cute
it's too cute and I just leave you guys
here I guess Becket's seen it so much
more oh she got bored oh I was learning
so he's moving across you guys are so
cute uh-huh okay okay okay
one at a time one at a time
it's okay
