Oh another early morning who invented
early morning radio anyway it should be
evening radio only that's the only one I
do come on make you wonderful juice
gonna be a busy all day today cuts
through this thing then we gotta go
check out a house prop possible palpable
problem and then three point is that
these things have overlapped so if the
state agent is actually listened to read
FM this morning it'll be kind of
humorous that joke just this is like an
interesting those two internet people
are kind of funny and then I turn over
like hi as internet people and house
funny it could happen it could just
happen a lot of people workers into
right at them right including me Misha
it's mishaan me so I decided to
something kind of different today with
the edge with the radio interview look
oh we did oh yeah a couple of hardcore
you guys there I thought it'd be kind of
fun actually to be honest was Kenny I
give it to you cannae cuz Kenny's idea
he said to me on Facebook he's like hey
when's my blog keeping automaton laugh
like it's not a bad idea Kenny
okay and then we ended up here and now
we're on blogtv what what the Frick now
so I'm actually just leave your son
because I can actually record wrong
block TV instead up and you got sound
like a live like a live radio show
kind of like ease hey job first row
first hey it should be quite quiet I
know people who are in us over I didn't
know this was happening
I didn't plan it and I need this here
like this uh I guess not
when I set the acronym generous of
course time for Jacqueline swig what
does PRP that form so that you're
qualified question we will call it in
the correct answers we will bring you
footage you'll answer in 20 seconds of
document everything boxes of the
upstairs internet for 20 minutes time
there were going to be another accident
that I come to a severe congenital or so
to their parenting and great work we
want to bring you which is public
these are on the way every single day
hey has he gone this is yeah I'm very
good I'm very good just to know I know I
know what B or B means do I enter yeah
yeah yeah yeah well you guys are gettin
unlisted now because I just tweeted at
the link I'm doing I'm there actually a
live stream right now so it's been
broadcasted they can go to blood TV calm
for throw people foreign stroke destiny
Jolie's yeah yeah what you said
basically record our lives I suppose you
know it started as a sort of that a
small sort of experiment you know that
we were like looking at like you know do
it kind of medias progressing to people
wanted to interact more like live
tweeting and sort of you know wanted to
like you know have more of an
involvement in the media and that's our
like you know you're sort of filming
yourself doing very mundane or basic
things and then you know you just I said
someone ask you water going they quoted
me this and I keep getting it but I said
like it's like your inner idiot is being
unleashed and that's kind of how you
feel though you know the other idiot is
quite act he's the guy that produces the
show like he's doing one of the things
of the concepts and things like moons
this is this is a good migration of
modern media but no no one wants to talk
to him he's boring
what like so if you planted suppose I
mean I walk with it
no no no I have a mussels green
interactive media yeah no I've been
working in media for quite a while and
so that does make it easier in the fact
that you know the production time and
making the in turning these around and
playing them up and compressing them and
you're talking about like five six hours
every single day producing this show and
then the rest of the time you're filming
the show at all the time you know yeah
it's kind of it definitely it's come to
that now you know it's it's slowly you
know we started off like we had jobs
then it was like then I put down to a
part-time job and now it served like
everything you know at the very strict
Oh on you know they don't want you to
talk about the revenue the advertising
but yeah there's potential to make money
off this you totally can we are we are
completely ready to be sold at the first
offer I get I'm taking it yeah partly
yeah yeah it's even more like you know
you can say it's more than seven but
like you do live shows you're constantly
twittering and facebooking you're on
YouTube every single day we have
multiple channels so anna has a channel
where she does select style and fashion
then we published a book which is part
of her channel which is all bed at
positive body image for young girls
that's she's got nearly like 10 million
views they're at 60,000 subscribers
sexually the number one channel in
Ireland you know then we've got other
channels which do you like on phone
blogs and you know you just there's so
much to it like but it's very addictive
yeah well obviously I'm open that I
expected people are gonna think that you
just completely ridiculously vain trying
to be a famous or something like that
but no because if you actually you know
it's like you watch the video like if I
was trying to be famous I think I'm part
of even cooler about it you know I'm
open myself to ridicule because I'm I
allow myself to be ridiculed even though
I know that the community which is did
which I call you guys and they're all
like watching streaming right now and
they all know me and they know that you
know you have to genuinely really be
interested in doing this because if you
could do that into this for like the
money or something like that like it's
taken us a year to get anywhere sort of
you know when you start to see some sort
of success at you know next seven days a
week 24 hours a day you know working
multiple jobs to try and support this
you know and you couldn't do it if you
wonder for the money yeah well obviously
like it's not it's not like you want to
do it to like oh I wanted to absorb you
like an actor or something sugar well
you wouldn't say notes in fact of like
like we're on TV tomorrow at e3 and I'm
doing that that's an opportunity to
promote the show obviously I'll take any
opportunity mode so that's why I'm on
the best radio station in Cork
uh what we have to be the car details
first I'm gonna get back to it yeah yeah
now we do em because we we got offer
that we're an actual official show and
youtuber you can look up like come
dining me keeping up interaction some of
that were there as an actual official
show I'm part of that is there is a
responsibility it's all fun you know
make it fun but there is a
responsibility this platform is open to
like you know seven year olds eight year
olds all the way up to fifty six year
olds and you know you got to be aware
that the content you're creating can be
viewed by any age group so no like never
we never show anything inappropriate
there's never much cursing it's very
family friendly otherwise if you didn't
want it you wanted to go to the roof
you wouldn't even be able to kind of
reach that like huge market yeah yeah
what that's the thing like you know
whenever like when I'm when I'm scratch
their community we're in Ireland and you
know it's all doom and gloom and there's
nothing to do nowhere to go no jobs and
I was like come on I just gotta be way
to innovate in Irish meet it's got to be
a way to create your own job you know
think of something nailing this this
platforms are it started to develop in a
start to become an actual you know
mainstream media people are moving away
and migrating away from traditional and
looking at more interaction yeah I think
that this is something that could
definitely grow and you're not saying
that you could do this daily vlogging
thing forever but you know we're going
to we're going to ride the roller
coaster for as long as possible and then
see where it leads you
a year ago when we started this I never
expected to you know D be here on reddit
and talking to Victor berry yeah okay
we've got eight minutes to get to
new place she just acted like are you
are you coming and I was like ah so
eight minutes
no time to waste no time to waste we
look pretty pretty like a poly you guys
get a mind the house
yeah the twirl the toilet that was a yes
only yeah sure no bubble-hockey care
about me I'll keep mine his whose I'll
keep him on his toes yeah we are so late
we're actually almost early for tomorrow
no we've got about 20 seconds to be
there go change open up we made it in
time know where we were five minutes
like the chief was late to which yeah
works that well because she was late as
well and if everyone's late well then no
one's late there's the picture any cells
in the island how nice yeah it's very
nice in there after the lack fireplace
the glass over there it's cool the way
it looks on to the air it's really nice
it's really like cottagey and quaint or
something r2 aground in the marketplace
we got something here
always on time yeah both
what else smells so good in here couple
kind of working core coffee roaster over
there for about five seconds five
minutes of their Gunpla thunder vlog and
you guys remember that one
you pick one and eat it I think I might
actually get a new t-shirt O's or our
you know debut television parents but
just I don't know I just think I want to
be back instead of yeah a sort of a
round neck
they look more macho manly someone was
being really rude to me in the stairs
it's okay
I gave it a look of yo lady I will put
you down
they don't sell men's v-neck I don't
think all they do no no no no this is
like a hoodie and a shirt at the same
time it's just crazy talk a hoodie and a
shirt at the same time oh look this oh
yeah lovely yeah I think it's me with a
baseball hat is it you see no Sonic cool
do i yeah it's animal or baseball
everywhere like that way no there were
hats you guys sing good comments about
you wear hats and I will get the rap yes
take my neck French Connection anything
no no no talk to pray one yeah I'll try
to Gramercy looks like now haha you guys
sing your this thing
no I like it a little hoodie thing
I think it's nice any what to tie off
with depends yeah I mean he's gay genes
just like you know I like it yeah no I
like that one
look cool like hey how's it going well
the teacher the gray one yeah yeah yes
you guys think you look cool I just look
so what it is yeah but like if you were
wearing a jeans perfect really yeah okay
we're taking this is the most fun I've
ever had I don't shop on my life yeah oh
maybe this one it's Mike mmm-hmm
I don't think I'm supposed to be here
like I want yeah yeah
in Chiapas nice and we got a discount
yeah it's a hot one yeah she was in
school mom she was the first girl that I
ever spoke to in my class
oh yeah it's nice here first year first
year my mom bought me and her mom's
brought her in and really like were the
first ones there some started talking
her we were like best friends do
anything in school but like this is
where that she like number 12 we both
met each other were the first ones in
our classes talk to you today and who
would have thought that 20 years later
yes she helped you out with the
strapless bra we're gonna have to sort
that it soon I always thought it was
gonna be brighter than that right a
lighter color oh I do like that though
why don't you Tracy I do you like that
though I'm not really dressed
appropriately there okay
you can't just go try on wedding stuff
there to be like a poke with the address
you know I want to look like that guy
wanna like Jeff hi Jeff come on fight
you Jeff
oh yeah with sandals she knows she knows
nothing sandals good night sir
hey come on in here what no no no nice
oh it's a surprise but you think guys
like shorty shorts and I'm like a suit
jacket I think what a white choosing
myself the sausages begin would you
like a sausage
give me can I have a cottage food I'd
like a cottage so I was talking to
producers around me I mean on they're
all like yo what's up man they're like
and I was like dr commission to vlog my
heart and you're like you do sir you do
sir please do sir also they're checking
out if there be an international
broadcasting so you guys much alive
by 10:00 this vlog goes up it's probably
it's already done it yeah
probably there right now oh I need to
get a pile of these Oh should I bring
though why is their sizes why can't
everyone worry about one size or
something or like some sort of fabric
that grows and shrinks with your body
shape I don't think that I don't think
that I don't think you've read it for my
jelly we're just saying right about
tomorrow morning you know gonna live in
there on the tee
you know it's like the long you have to
think about it the actual harder and get
you know because when I was on blogtv
this morning people are like saying are
you nervous because I was like on blogtv
while in the victory talk show I was
like not really like say just what I try
and do is I don't prepare don't take it
better don't do anything and just like
hold off taking baths and he says hi
Jonathan
and then I gotta let myself think about
it nothing when I was like when I used
to be like like a real competitive
swimmer
I hate at the time right if you're a
competitive swimmer right you know I'm
talking about right you get your card
okay so if you're near let's say like at
the hundred meter breaststroke or and I
am 200 I am or something like that right
you get your card and you go up to the
boot and then you hand in your card
there and then you have to cue up
getting ready for your heat because
driver like six heats or something and
that part when you're standing there
waiting cuz you know like II did our
prayer and then they did our 100 meters
and then to hit the time border book
that was the hardest part like I hated
that the anticipation because the longer
you have to wait to actually do it the
more you think about it you know and
it's like no just like just like go live
right now you know just just go ahead
just walk in the door just go for it
like yeah I hate thinking about it
because in your brain gets overactive
and then you start thinking and thinking
and hanging you know that's weird saying
like time to go yeah anomaly I'm in my
PJs
we gotta go in a row there's so much do
we need to need to mobilize the studio
and I like to kill the laptop so
unfortunately the newer laptop that we
got and has already it's not very
functional anymore
say on mean that the blog goodies have
been stepped up a notch okay production
value and all that kind of malarkey so
this thing okay there is no chance just
for scale if you got an idea the size is
50 inches okay so I am not moving that
okay but I'm gonna drag out the computer
out of there and use the smaller screen
and now bring that I need to bring all
you guys t-shirts and I suppose some
some socks 12 euros okay put a lot of
stuff at little empty space there we go
okay just so you know I'm not I'm not
too proud to accept a laptop from anyone
okay I'm gonna send me a laptop one
let's be nice let's go still taking it
but look what I have here
Oh skiddo keys I got two small to medium
and two large I just I think that's for
the best yeah yeah because I can't I
can't guess what everybody is but uh mmm
smell of a you guys t-shirt something
nice about it speaking of that I know a
lot of you people you guys said that you
would definitely be interested in buying
which is like he's serious it's awesome
so give me kicking me like this is going
to be a crazy few days so maybe like
Sunday night I'll work something out
I'll hook up like a website maybe I like
to Socorro is calm except the one with
scream joke home I have plans for it but
the moment just kind of goes directly to
am do YouTube channel it goes actually
to the back end of Jonathan George calm
so I've actually got a proper little
page which is like Twitter Facebook and
videos and when I might put up the
t-shirts and stuff there so
I'm an admirer of having a white frame
Jonathan did you try the upstairs did
you clean upstairs sorry for fighting
with you you say the meanest Tings Anna
no I don't I don't
okay you're always resulting the singing
things a lot of family and everything
put it on TV you always say things about
my spots that's cuz they have nothing on
you you're a wonderful amazing family
member yeah alright all you do is like
drawing the out you don't have
anything wrong either look at this we're
just driving down the road I noticed I
like that light is coming over the
mountain it's not really cool-looking
the UN dimensions are never usually get
to see dimensions like that in art it
well I just thought it was really really
cool do you guys agree
do you concur how cool it is normally
that's what I added up a little bit of
music to that but I'm
not today folks not today folks we're
too tired we're going to be on the
television I got 5 o'clock in the
morning early Oh
yeah yeah who is watching TV morning
like seriously right no one imagined
like her well my mommy my mama watching
I just don't understand that like that
that many people are actually watching
it I think it's a breakfast show I think
it's when people have a bread would at a
quarter past eight like I'm already in
the studio I get to the studio when I
was in the studio I had an 8 o'clock so
required by say like I don't I don't I
don't be watching your TV t maybe that's
why
like the crappiest slot that's the slot
nobody's yeah yeah I just take that on
there yeah that's the slot when
everyone's like just left the house yeah
I won't leave that a quarter past I
would just turns it off you know like
whatever they're playing yeah you just
got to fill up sometime you know okay
well maybe this is like a trial run or
something yeah yeah we have to work your
way up to the worldly children Lulu
quarter so then late show starts at
about ten o'clock on a Friday okay so at
the moment we're a quarter past 8:00 on
a Friday morning yeah so we gotta work
our way up we got to get to the morning
show which is morning arms like 10
o'clock unity but the afternoon show 12
o'clock
then you got three o'clock show whatever
that's called the girls show that's not
like a repertory o'clock obviously and
then there's like maybe 6:1 news we're
kind of going news and then we got it on
Vincent Brown the political show it's
about 8 o'clock and then we can work our
way up
The Late Late Show yeah that's how it
works at Christmastime we can be on this
toy show oh my goodness they should
bring me a day later so I play with our
toys there's so much fun you have to
jump I so doll
don't worry bees you could the different
body shapes is really good at you but
you know what did your Faso doll when
you press this like big as I said
because I said and you put it back a
nose like I know you I too many things
to say too many things to say yeah
alby's woman he pulled over yeah yeah if
she hears the new dog barking she just
kind of like what's your head after all
kind of hope she really do think really
whole house will never get in the block
it is because it's it's so it's too
impromptu yeah it's too late it just
it's rapid where bell rings yeah yeah
your dog is I ate or something at you
just kind of get up
you see Tonica throat hello it's so
funny I love the doggies oh yeah got
some pee pees let's do some pee pees the
pee pee bus is coming and everybody's
jumping
oh there's pee number one yeah alrighty
P number to go pee pee Cena copy peace
orange double n alright guys you're
gonna quick Ricky because I'm pretty
sure tavataa is right here
pretty sure that's it it did not look
like it I did it
oh yeah it's a TV three room does it
okay so I think we'll just take the
motorway in the morning there's two ways
to get here but I think we'll just take
the motorway in the morning it's always
good kids to do a quick recce just make
sure I wasn't going to but we're just
coming into motoring it's like whoa look
we'll just spin by and then we're slowly
cruising might and those people's like
hi hi yeah I'll see you guys in a couple
of hours actually I mean I have to wake
up at like 20 billion o'clock
oh my god guys there's a panda over
there I don't know if you can see it but
it's it's kind of that II they used to
be our bin man remember and okay who
grabbed my thousands go clean myself mm
oh it's very dark in this car hey dark
in this car you even see me guys
but you even she me ah oh this bonanza
Brom Lindsay my dad I can't just check
up here now okay it's just a nice Shack
up here it has all the aerials and has a
big aerial like a TV like a television
tea station
it said TV crew yeah I said guys don't
see you right up there Oh boom boom I'll
see you guys in the morning yo
