good morrow borrow your I got this
morning in the posties right but this o
comes a little thing it was from my
mommy my mommy she said lots of nice
things she said loads of nice and she
will be proud of me more like the stuffs
but there's no really cute really like
oh you know I was like no that's really
nice because the old parent owes parent
units are not a are not fully integrated
into the social media movement I don't
really understand what's going on or
what I'd be doing you know maybe like
back to college or age for need yeah hey
Jack it's no good you know I see one
moving around there and all those things
just to know my parents are not from the
country okay anything like that
are you seen actually when we're in the
role of a cheese snap what is that don't
you present to me it is route of like a
man oh I just made a video yeah
yeah
maybe you wouldn't you got two billion a
I like to making a super fragile istic
expialidocious intro for a beauty crush
you've got pop for supreme crush
what go for it I'll make you an inch oh
oh well yeah she was cooking she was
like something I like to make one what
am I getting
why make your own bed enough no we can
make her one stone I think she wants a
difference in me I moved bored
oh yeah we're professional here at Adam
Jolie ink sac on jolly Inc didn't we say
that guys if I change our names to
Pierre ugly you're going to show the
Chinese knob I wouldn't be late yeah
Rocky changing both our names being the
22nd century percent you know nobody
always liked the century ahead of this
edgy that it is which is stupid who made
that up mr. John century he's an idiot
and yeah so I decided that instead of
like Anna bean Anna Jolie she's going to
be Anna saucony Jolie and I'm gonna be
jonathan Ciccone Jolie check it out yo
equality in all I carry on because
they're going to show us the Cody Jolie
so you know as well because I like the
name saucony and I'm quite darn proud to
be part of the saucony clan
you know they're good people mr. Kony's
are good people and the joys the people
I am so I suppose will I will merge the
piling the merging of plan inanity will
become a that Ciccone Jodie's we should
totally do like a whack show call us the
Coney jollies and and we should start
off with like what um when LT was
registered at the vet where he got his I
kinda sorta - oh yeah not in jumpin in
court
he's registered there as I'll be Kakaako
me somebody and then Sina is registered
in the I do one yeah yeah I know around
here somewhere
I don't know where we live but um she's
already stirring the other but as Sina
Jolie is that's so weird that it is
they're both they're either or well it's
kind of cool isn't it that is chemical
so seen I totally and I'll be
Kasich only matter and together there is
full day I know I know this is official
official there's passport it'll have
that on the Papa you know you're like
you know you're like in trouble and
you're leaving really big trouble and
your motor College like turns a bunch of
Christopher droney
come here that's my name by the way
Jonathan Patrick Christopher Jolie
what's your one what do you have another
no oh whoa what am i what am I good what
am I getting married you I know I think
I need to do a check on you here
what's your own Jonathan Patrick Jolie
it was my born name and then Christopher
o is one that I chose upon confirmation
so when you yes you do
John the magic mr. pucelli Yahoo
because Jonathan magic kiss from Jolie
what's my middle initials so if you like
what I like
where can i computer it's like whoa
you're good at computers I'm like pcs my
middle name
where did you cut it up Jonathan Morris
Andrew corn Nobles Jolie never like
Mac's my middle name is it corn no they
look at these Connors on me I'm speaking
up car and you guys watch primeval
tomorrow compelling extra days to watch
it you know it did room you know enter
the show and then they show like yeah
what's gonna happen next week a little
stick pick they showed something that
was kind of like a spoiler and I was
like huh what's the thing when having
akeno's almost talking about is it
really stay like you have it I need she
knows we're a weekly here or something
means somebody's talking about yesterday
did you know did a commentator do the
common common thing all right see so
just upload and z are YouTube next up so
now I have absolutely no idea what's
supposed to happen now okay oMG the
process is like uploaded video I have to
like fill in all these questions at the
right like an essay it was like school
all over again but I did that and then
they were like what you want to do it or
cuz I think you win like an investment
and then he got like to go to some
master class and London himself so I was
like look will investor holding back in
the show mildew like a European road
trip you know traveling around cuz I
said across up in Paris and
Belgian waffle and Belgium but yeah
check out the video I'll leave a little
link eating here look into Beachbody I
label a link II thing over here so you
guys can click on it and I don't know
like I don't think you supposed to vote
on this I think this video is just for
like YouTube and then if you to put us
true to like the next part or something
like that and I think they did this
recently in America things called next
up maybe it's the same thing I'm not
sure so same process like if we get into
their final or the semi final or
something like that then you'll be a new
video made and the new video is uploaded
by YouTube and then I think that's the
one you vote on or something so you
don't vote on this one but you know feel
free to you know keep it an old thumbs
up hit all thumbs up lad comment oh
right right so we're going to see house
three um one three number three it's a
turtle
oh yeah okay so now you're saying no
we're going to these three houses
okay this one we're going to see a house
I really want
then I said I really hope this is good
boring anyways umm I really hope that
sounds good right because guys here's
the thing right this particular location
my brokers checked it out for me okay I
can get a 100 Meg line of Internet
majority now movement address 100 Meg's
at the moment we have a vibe that is 95
more eager my club but anyways hopefully
the glow I've seen 30 seconds but that
would be actually really cool
what's your window please right
I am sorry we're stuffs are like
probably the name traffic tunnel traffic
let's call it call it I'm just having
this argument because I was saying
Jonathan always has to eight interrupt
me dropping be contradict everything
that I say totally just kind of going
crazy there that's on the traffic weird
anyways um yeah like he always always
always always has to contradict me
and say no no no no if I say I like the
color black I like I like white or if I
say I think you're misquoting queen
actually you say back right but yeah so
the thing that I wanted to Shh
don't stop seeing that I want to talk
about is the fact that we're actually
afterwards after this we're going to my
mom's house for dinner and this is so
cool because my grandpa on my mom's side
whom school like he died when I was 13
or 12 that country I think 12 or 16 I
was in first year anyways and I was
really close to him like I mean as close
as I am to his wife like my OMA and I
really miss him and he was such a he was
just a really really nice man and my
mom's dad and he was actually very
similar to my mom except officers a man
and his brother who lives in so like my
grand uncle I think yeah her uncle he
lives in the Chicago except I think he
lives in Washington there I'm not trying
I'm gonna cook used to I thought but I
don't he was in America and so we don't
get to see him like at all very often
but his name is uncle Pat
and he is here for a week so we're going
to see him today so I'm really excited
because every time I see him here
obviously reminds me of my grandpa my
oppa senator cotton grandpa's was oppa
oh and my grandfather like my oppa is
actually the Irish connection if you're
wondering because my mom is have which
is Irish but you have mr. groundwaters
try yeah oh and I that you've seen my
Alma it seems remembers me yeah so my
oppa my grandfather was Irish and that's
the Irish connection but like all of my
even though my mom's family like her
brothers and sisters and stuff are all
half technically half German half Irish
they're Irish you know like they grew up
here they're from here you know so
that's why I usually just say what else
Irish because otherwise it's just very
confusing for people to like get the
whole like oh my god it's online I don't
know yeah so really looking forward to
seeing on the pot like you've no idea
I'm so looking forward to it
yes I better back up Jonathan metaphor
he's always been a really nice it's just
a really really nice man he rides with
wheels on no I mean 14 anyways um check
right now
Jonathan via news agents our position
and I asked him to get me you might see
he's like lucky to see but he's like
kind of figure out which one you is and
he's like looking through all the stand
I asked him get me you which is the not
that you magazine that I was in I was
like I owe you but you with like a
capital just
the letter U it's an Irish Mike it's
totally like
it was the trash you on this but it
makes it good
my sister like like I love secret
high-fashion mics is that like I'm fine
for like inspiration well but I never
liked wreathen think I always just look
at them look through them I don't with
these ones like they're kind of trashy
or saying you did it
oh my god
what the hell yeah right the news agents
are a petrol station with Silver Springs
guys mace started on station whatever
yeah okay seriously they have nothing
whatever they had VIP they had stellar
they had and what I want FHM and then
like all these like old biddy ones well
I don't like in years old exactly you
said you magazine there was no you
magazine there I would have got you
Amina I always get you anyone even
though I protest I do protest too much
anyways yeah my sister Emma place like
so it's got something like it's so
expensive every son
and then all you all
only wanted to read about relationships
go and look at bikini bodies
but my favorite likes sasch popper like
fashion might be probably in style
because it's a bit more real it's a bit
more real like relatable or something
Vogue and Elle and all them they're just
not relatable to me because I can't
afford any of the stuff that's in there
so my sister
hi MA she reads those kinds of ones but
I just do not entertain that kind of I
just I've never got into magazines like
I like the kind of trash she wasn't
sometimes because not like we really
trashed like theirs I remember his baby
sitting in someone's house before and
she had these magazines so I started
reading them and they were like I mean
so trashy like just there's my L'Oreal
trashy and then there's like kind of
middle of something right yes
borderline classy come on I like
newspaper my oh my god my mom doesn't
care that I don't read my dad probably
would care he's probably like beat me
for not reading a must be informed but
my grandmother my OMA she always gives
it to me for not reading the newspaper
so it's like
I love watching it's like vlogging it's
like vlogs around the world of what's
going on hey let's not exaggerate boy
yeah I like those kind of like magazine
third kind of a little bit trashy but
but not you know these guys was an okay
name or something like grass yeah is
kind of trashy because they give you
like celebrity gossip and all that
pissed off but at the same time they
give you a bit of fashion but it's more
like relatable fashion like Sarah and be
shocked but like I don't want to read
like Vogue because I'm gonna have yeah
two grand
dress yeah I can't afford that like why
am I gonna read that
whereas yeah gracias okay and then like
you is the Irish kind of like middle of
the range kind of yeah
but I remember I'll never forget I was
babysitting in that person's house and
her magazines were like total whoo like
they were the kind of ones that I ran
away with the peak market woman son the
babies with five arms and 12 legs and
then open it is something completely
different I remember I was reading one
of those bikes in losing that she gave
birth to her baby when she was sitting
on the toilet like you know it's that
kind of like real like real journalistic
like what the hell I always have flows
across words in them as well don't waste
money okay I don't know I don't think so
I don't think so gosh darn it the guy
was really nice guy was me nice he was
like guys I was half-price rent he's
like not even like I'm open to negotiate
on the rent and so I was like stop
saying the words I like hundred main
line negotiating rent just I don't know
I don't know it was just very I think it
would be a little bit too
high-maintenance because there are a lot
of things in there that were very old no
electric shower yeah and sometimes if
you move into a new place well sometimes
if you move into a new place things
break anyway no onion yeah door handles
like but I mean usually like if the
stove is kind of like that story no we
are so unlike it was supposed to be on
it's a standalone on its own ground wall
garden and then internet was no garden
and then it was turned out it was a
terrace and then it turned out to be
seven billion years old and you know I
mean
like the price is awesome
and you know the location is okay it's a
good location but there's like nothing
around you know what's going on here I
said one go to church or something so
you come out to this place this kind of
area where I don't know the play seemed
really nice to be said like that the
inside the insides always look nice it's
the outside you gotta worry about that
so we pull over here X I'm like I know
it's around here somewhere I'm just
looking on the google Matson look what's
look what's there an abandoned trailer
stroller which looks like it's been
through like hell and back there designs
but you may not be in the best day in
the world
moldy sandwiches and a bathroom no no
why doesn't anything work out and this
pointy because we have to meet her here
tomorrow at 20 past 10:00 okay but at
half 10 I'm going to be on Victor Bari
which is a red FM radio show so he's
gonna call me in half 10 it's like all I
say is one take this cup what if she's
like listening to FM in the car and well
like so I don't know about this area
guys to be honest it's it's got a little
bit it's got a little bit of water it's
what I liked a little bit of water I
like the country the country atmosphere
and country feel but I do not like the
abandoned strollers and I do definitely
do not like them all these sandals we
found a place that we're gonna go see
tomorrow do you ever do that you were
like stalk a place that you know you're
going to see because you can't see it
till tomorrow so you just kind of do a
couple of drive-bys you know see how you
feel about the area how do you feel
about the area I like kind of square
whatever we would call this that it's
okay guys normally we don't like to show
you likey I'd turn your property himself
but I thought like this is the next
place we're looking at and like I wanted
to more smaller but I suppose I'll make
an exception on this particular occasion
for for this little property here that
we're looking at it's a one bed it's a
one bedroom 16 banquet rooms to keep at
though do I just keep going this way oh
really yeah that's why they've renovated
I'll take the risk
I live in a castle with you with it just
a chance it could fall and kill you we
keep going this way we're not really
sure where we are guys I know exactly
there are some igglepiggle's they're
like well it's pretty much into town
it's this look like we're in the town
the in the town we will see the end of
town where are we in the countryside
because convention countryside you can
decide then preside over people
well I cut down trees unaware pack mules
open wide the sights lay there like even
if it's you know in a map if it's like
if it's anywhere within like a 50 mile
radius to go yes it's pretty much there
a stone throw Oh what like a world
Olympic gold medalist stones roller away
hello we're Defrag are mere in the
middle of nowhere again Oh Fatima Carla
the gun Jesus the countryside
countryside uncle Bo okay now I can't
even turn around
alright because like there's nowhere to
turn around what we're going we're going
to wherever this road leads us Oh No wha
wait that way okay
I'm a things if you go this way we're
going to end up your mom says alrighty
I'll go this way but I do not believe at
all oh maybe that's it there oh it's
lovely
we'll take it actually found a chicken
and bacon recipe
thanks Erica I'll be stealing this from
ya what are you doing are you causing
trouble you're in trouble culture where
she steals my facebook and then she
knows and messes with what do we have
something something tasty better be
something tasty
oh I die every conveyed out of these is
that lemon drizzle okay I'll take one of
these because you know did you make the
cupcakes ooh and it's got a cockpit I'll
take one of these now for a more Jean
say the least we could do is try jeans
cooking
thanks Jean it's extremely rude to take
some months a man's biscuit cake we
think go at his neck
this stuff
hmm
got the job my dresses all right let's
set this to record all right UPC menu
menu menu digital video recorder this is
a video recorder alright it no no no no
this is gone all wrong
back back Oh got it is that it does that
mean it's kind of a cord oh yeah
no cancel cancel that one stop
now that's Thursdays one it is report
Fridays one we terminate le shopping
channel off air Vincent Brown I am oh
sorry set up okay we got it
I took took a little longer than you
expect it it's Richard Gere
hi hi there hi there oh yeah oh yeah
cutie pies
