I hate you where does it come the joys
and we're on live TV and we've making
daily drugs for an entire year this is
our entry into the YouTube Nextup
process over the past year making David
Rosen YouTube we've gone from a
community of zero to a trying and
exciting community jam-packed with the
superest awesome and subscribers and
common errors you have ever seen and
over the last while we've been getting
press we've been in the papers we've
been on TV even a radio and really feel
that our time is now our time to explode
and to grow is right now we want to take
the next step
a lot of our viewers say the reason why
they like our videos is because we live
in Europe and they love watching what
goes on and life in Ireland well we'd
like to take that to the next level and
show you guys what life is like all over
Europe so that you guys in the US or
Asia or Australia can watch and see what
it's really like please give us the
opportunity to meet for a croissant in
Paris to meet for a Belgian waffle in
Belgium a frankfurter in Frankfurt
Germany and it's read salad in Greece
herds of people who are dieting okay
I travel across Europe and meet you guys
face to face
not like camera to camera person there
will be cameras involved we feel that
we've kind of generated and developed
this community and we call the community
you guys capital u capital G lowercase u
capital y lowercase X with a hashtag in
the front don't forget the hashtag I
don't know I don't know this is the
voting vote for us if you've got a vote
for us or if you're in
