I have to get up super early today
because we're asked to go in is a
talk-show this radio talk show and it's
like it's an air anyone you know okay
I'm still sleep in there it's like it's
becoming like part of the part of the
episodes now like every day some sort of
crazy
I'm sure I keep waiting for it all just
like die down and go away you know but
it's pretty cool that we're getting our
attention still well still want you to
know about us yes that's right we're
gonna write it for as long as we can
radio are you no no I guess not
I totally know it's because I'm just I'm
gonna win I'm just kind of editing with
the vlog gonna notice that M I said you
guys like up in the car I was like oh
I'll talk to you guys about that later
and stuff I never actually did but M you
know like a year ago and I said it and I
was like come on like you know let's try
to let's try and put you know into into
this put everything into this for like a
year or bloomer everything because I
still work kind of kind of part-time
wish but worked way too much anyway in
the studio down in Cork you know and you
have for the entire year and this is
kind of built up you don't wanna rock a
point now where it's like you kind of
put so much into making these really
good and um people keep asking me you
know like the press stuff kept hounding
on about money and stuff I don't want to
talk about it because I finally like
that kind of loses the point of what
they show
BAM you know I think I think we've all
sort of got to know each other now at a
certain point and you know you guys know
what we're about and we know you're
about you know and I just think you guys
kind of I think you would allow us to
because it is kind of like that you know
in order for us to do this further in
order to take the next step which is to
do this and only this doing this
full-time doing this all the time you
know nothing else and that's why we are
looking in other places because kind of
like downsizing in a way it's not like
we're you know moving into a mansion you
know go do something a little smaller a
lot smaller and you know but by living
in something a lot smaller and not
having as many things like we're
starting again but we're trying to work
away up another ladder and it's like the
ultimate ladder you know because before
we were working up ladder but we still
had ties and commitments and things that
were preventing us from you know doing
this all the time being able to like you
know like that little road trip things I
was doing like I said towns like would
be cool to be able to drive like all of
our country you know like should you
carry then I go all Antrim down there
you look out for my for my mother and
cavalry ah but the whole country know be
like so cool but in order to do that you
need to have a certain manner freedom
you know and that's what part of this is
you know looking like living in a spot
of mine like small little place but then
growing the show you know and I think I
think you'll be worth it you know I
think I think you know there's like an
opportunity here to do something and I
think you'd be stupid not to jump at the
opportunity and not to see that like
this could be something that could be
turned into be wonderful like this could
be I never talk I say town like you know
like this is incredible like the views
and you guys have come along and
supported us and you never expect for
any of it like you know when that's one
of the things that all the medium
precedent never fully seem to comprehend
the concept of Meucci of why you
actually get into YouTube you know what
Nietzsche
and I just thought that like I wanted to
talk to you guys about it I wanted to
explain like you know what's going on
and work work we're taking another risk
we're taking another huge risk this time
you know last time I was like it was a
moderate risk you know it was a moderate
risk that you know that all went wrong
you know yeah what did he crap I think
it would have been an experience and now
it's like okay well can we take this
good experience can we take what we got
here and just a little bit of exposure
that we're getting them immediately like
use that to try and you know Excel
ourselves into something bigger and
something better and I think will
benefit the community massively and it's
gonna allow us to do a lot more with
awesome things like hopefully like you
know the bigger the show gets the more
cool stuff we can do like I said you
know I would love to like do like a road
trip for like I'm wanted to around
Europe and like stop off with like every
town you know and do meetups for all our
like Germans and polish friends and
Italian Spanish and you know in all the
different countries cuz I think I'd be
like what an experience I'm just take
you guys along would be like so much fun
and that's what part of this you know
season to go even though I think this is
like season four episode if you aren't
wondering what that means you can only
put like 100 episodes in the season
because people watch a television show
that had 360 episodes because that's
what I tried to do I check but 360 an
episode and the whole thing went wrong
and NS are putting them all over the
place up I was a pain in the ass today I
realized that I had to go back and
change like hundreds of them around did
still not fully in order but you know
I've lost my train of thought and so
yeah you know it's a new year a new huge
challenge and a huge risk you know yeah
you might you might think I'm sure
people are gonna be like oh that place
is smaller than we're out that's really
crappy we're doing an app it's like yeah
but like we get to be together and we
get to do this and I hope you guys are
gonna support I hope you guys are gonna
continue to support us and oh like I'll
because share to your friends and get
more else about
you know we all we ever ask of people
it's just you know like the videos
favorite videos share the videos support
the community and that's it like you
nothing else you know and we'll just
keep creating the content and driving it
forward but I hope hope this year um I
see it's gonna be as good I think it
will be as good fast you just start the
start of this year it's be incredible
yeah it's just a lot of things going on
and exciting and scary times but it's
okay I'll take all the risk just coming
up for the ride
alrighty then another beautiful day in
Cork oh yeah yeah beautiful beautiful oh
so we are at the second location we're
at the second location valid apparently
and apparently the the house is round
here's some more but you see here's the
thing went on Google Maps Google Maps
said it was in a field so we went to the
field and it turned out that is not
where we're going to be living in a
field so Google Maps Google Maps led us
astray and so wearily so I'm gonna wait
till half and then maybe give her a call
maybe she'll call me hopefully she
called me hopefully I won't get stirred
up again
it's all boring because Jonathan told us
to call not like 20 billion hours
beforehand so now we're stuck here for
the next 20 billion to 15 minutes
Wow she said it was a quite a while ago
she said 20 minutes so no yeah yes we're
in the entirely wrong different place so
she's gonna come behind me now and flash
one or something rush me her boobs so
I'm wearing this top that I got from
Primark and everybody was asking me with
the white ones that I was wearing the
white t-shirt that I was wearing in my
last video or no the one that we went to
Kinsale and also yeah my last eyelet
video and it's actually just from
Primark but that's not anything special
but it's really nice like it's really
fitted and it's kind of like stretchy
and it just like hugs my curves or
whatever and like all the right places
shall we say but then I got the exact
same one in the exact same size in black
and it's like a totally different
material it's not like clingy at all and
it's more just like cotton you know and
it does not fit to my body at all it's
really baggy and loose on me and they're
the exact same size so I don't know
what's going on with that but Primark is
kind of weird sometimes they're close by
Martha it's kind of hit and miss but
obviously the white one was a hit and
the black ones bit of a mess but whatevs
these so if you're looking for a fat
shirt or whatever I think there's like
250 or something it was like really
really cheap so yeah head on over to
Primark 250 is a nice number if you
could make all your clothes 2 euros 50
from the future onwards that would be
awesome you should be like that show you
know that's showing do you ask they had
the guy who have to live on like a
dollar a day or something along those
lines or a dollar a month there's
something that we could be we could be
the dollar a day
you should do your day challenge okay
what do you actually get for a year get
a trolley you're safer menu you go we
can live off the hero saver menu every
day although you see the urban setting
menu something could get a meal for a
year you got like a burger or something
oh oh sorry I wasn't even following you
oh right I'm bored to tears literally
like the Warriors streaming in my face
because I'm so bored that is how bored I
am it is a boring situation every car
drives by
I hope and pray and then they keep going
and they go to get you mister to get you
it'll be worth it in the end
hi hi yeah cuz my arm is not as steady
as Jonathan Jonathan's like that's not
steady enough I can see the shakes
look it's rattling yeah and Wayne is
just like hey guys so anyways I was like
talking yesterday and my mother my
teacher a little bite we were following
the estate agent and there's a huge
mansion there but we're not going that
way we're going to the other side
I don't like this Jonathan
you should always happen that's the
question just parking here for funsies
yeah for funsies parking for funsies
yeah yeah you know I like the previous
y'all right yeah okay well I just want
to see what Erica has cooked up a storm
how does this open is this jovis proof
or something hard to keep a job as out
Oh Joe officers take her to that Oh yum
yum what color I think I put on a pink
one for Nina
ah Joe you should do and I hate simple
nor my my favorite type 1a name is Saul
Thomas no not you too that's what I
always say she never lets me help like
sultanas why do the bestest ones yeah
how many days a week do you do to think
fight is that not today you're already
back OC you made the pasta today and
what else you make today Oh cookie Oh
cookies nice
are they in Keystone
what's a scone made out of egg no like
it no it's like bacon and soften things
comments what kind of soup to make
is it what's on what time is diem the
icing celebrated salutary sort of gadfly
when are we putting the icing under
funny now do I need to eat one I feel
that like that's part of the process
it's part of the coming here but start
this is you're supposed to walk away
play the Sun this is a walking song part
towards the yeah well flavor is that
thang that one can I put one on can I
put a bit on never done this before what
do you do but I put loads of shopping
but I think I beat it too much beat it
beat it beat it
oh yes miss Amelia how much you put on
just put it in the middle ones I spell
my name or something is it gonna go hard
yeah let's make it let's fill it up
there ah yeah break up with him hope you
try that one oh look what you can do
little sort of splashes the reason is
like you'd eat that like just no way no
way what they're like
is it sugary yeah I was actually putting
some icing on their bun
those two right we've got a lot of work
to do
it's a little bit runny in the morning I
put in like the whole bag how does it go
running water weird but it's fine so
just harden 15 people hired by another a
ladle or some Levi's guys the
gingerbread men are cool in the drive
scene and I love that they love ginger
nutty the gingerbread tastes like ginger
nut yeah you know I love those she made
these little bacon scones can have
another bacon scone these are incredible
they have little bits of bacon or
something I don't know what they are I'm
amazing
can I Wow why do you just make love them
for me your little piggies
you know you've waited upsets it was
eating them better hurry up or Anna's
gonna eat them all what do you recommend
do you think they good how did it work
Balmain just pour it in just drink that
it's like a smoothie ah
I think smoothie don't don't
you're you're you're a monster oh my
gosh cookie dough oh really
looking at me
Fischer put ice cream on it every second
well oh yeah how'd you make the scones
oh yeah how'd you make the stones just
pretend you remember it's a normal scone
and then did you just add bacon that's
it cat oh that's what the flavor is I
knew it was special
well done nice job nice job
this one's Lizzy
Emma come home and make it yeah but
she's like seven years older than you
you've got seven years to catch up you'd
be grand she's sure she'll be grand I
have to laugh tail in my mouth poplin
because it's no tails done do
I've had a test out the dummy stories
hurry because it's kind of better than
that stuff always there's three for
three
that's a really good deal
oh wait a second I think there's a
better deal over here if I remember I'm
left on stores for their deals we put an
oil deal vo
would you like a deal on a rainy day
love the sweets play loads of computer
games everything else will work itself
out hmm what Crispino is to buy Zio's I
was going to go with there you know
snoring boring popcorn but I whoa I
sound kind of bored with the popcorn you
know it's good it take there's a good
munch it but I'm like coffee popcorn all
that is it change is it something
different oh s--- hunky-dory cheddar but
they're probably my favorite crisp ever
invented in the whole entire world what
do you think whoa that's pretty cool
I've never seen nothing all right here's
the plan guys right we discussed it and
we thought that this would be an awesome
little game instead of doing meetups
because I was thinking like it'll be the
same kind of people I assume that are
gonna go right and we're trying to be
all like fun right so this is what I'm
planning a doing okay wait what time is
your thing on they weren't on Saturday
oh I think it's like 9:00 or 10:00 like
it's quite early it's over like before
midnight you like it so it's over for
midnight so we will be in town on
Saturday in Dublin right somewhere
around sort of the Grafton Street area
to make it easier i between like
Stephen's Green and Grafton Street and
around that area okay and what we will
do is that I'm gonna bring five you guys
t-shirts with me okay and we will tweet
the location that we are at and we will
stay there for like five minutes right
running or doing five numbering five
features okay so they're all like check
in someone's head like you do a check-in
thing on Facebook I'll double it off
Facebook and
we don't use TweetDeck you know we're
said like you know for example like an
outside stephen's green shopping center
at the front entrance you know for five
minutes now first the first person to
get to me get to you guys see shirt and
we will do that five times on Saturday
in Dublin city centre Grafton Street
steam screen area so be there or be
square yo it's not an awesome plan
that's not some time also you know it's
awesome you guys because I haven't
taught it off what loads of people are
like I want about buddy you guys see you
guys see y'all and I'm like that's so
cool so once we add them up they another
puppy don't scared
Alvie is it a boy okay hello he's a boy
she's a girl
they're so fluffy anyone is small I like
that you little sheep bounding around
yeah no good look at Sun gun man you can
kind of just see it over there wow
that's so cool looking look at that boy
I could put music for that
and it was been really good rescuing a
slug but now she's got good is this
nature like I'm gonna use a leaf which I
presume was ancient times toilet paper
so why won't it work
look it's still there it's like goo like
what it was nice of you to rescue this
rug though it was nice of her dress
keeper sucks cuz they got kind of stuff
it was funny because I almost stepped on
it she like stopped and actually just
lifted my foot and was like whoa there
was is it maybe it's like some sort of
defense mechanism I'm like god it's like
some sort of mechanism but they have
whoa
foreplay leaf yeah nice isn't working
yeah yeah so that's it guys if you ever
pick up a slug and you need to get rid
of the slug goop
what kind of leaf is that what brand was
it second Sycamore don't think oh come
on boy Toby jinkies
come on now me come on come on peanut
Canada thank you
I'm gonna just have a quick on trusting
it No thank you for she would go in if
you wanted you Cena didn't go in don't
go in lb you're taking this urn a long
way down there's so much easier way
actually
I'll show you how to get back okay
follow me follow me first thing you put
your foot over here
well let me just hop off to get a better
view Xena oh goodness
she out there what what's even going on
now what she watched I never don't want
to be where she watched
