I can wear anything I can after it it's
just old way ah fish is hot oh I could
see the when she wakes up we just need
to we need to get out home to pack my
sister's room and then we can wake up my
sister
to be and then you may get to say happy
thought I'd be okay that's what I heard
you enjoyed this video give us a big it
was a big night by Jonathan spun to drop
off the kids at school and inpatient
service breakfast fast enough and so she
complains she makes this complaining
sound this is what she does like any
time the foods not in her mouth she does
it in a restaurant she does it at home
can you imagine this in a restaurant
like do you want a drink drink
yeah good girl she's just so funny she
just loves her food so much
okay she's having Weetabix with milk and
strawberry puree pretty sure it's
strawberry and apple but yeah I was just
saying on insta stories that last night
I just went on this massive binge watch
of all of alessia's updates it's amazing
to see how much she's changed like all
of them so that's one thing I'm so glad
I did
Ike I'm really happy that I do the
pregnancy vlogs obviously for myself to
look back on good girl okay but it's
just really cool to like see you know
how much they change in the first year
it's just incredible like when she was
three months or you know one two and
three months she looked completely
different like she didn't even look like
Alessia you know but you can still tell
it's her this was so squished like so
just wish she little baby and they all
are like that though like even when I go
back and watch Amelia has one leg you
just looks like so different especially
when she was a tiny baby I just can't
even it's it's before they start like
having expressions like obviously they
start smiling and stuff but it's not
beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep
a little upset that mom and dad going
date nights yeah she doesn't like it at
all do you know and you and mommy going
on dates I'm sad about the baby the
baby's going into day night with us baby
yeah you want the baby to stay here only
have it named it yet well done for not
saying the name though it's a secret
surprise and so is where we're going I'm
not I'm not going to tell them you're
the one that always tells them
hey I'll let you know when we can tell
them okay
well while I just tell them yeah I know
but I edited a bit out to you so it
didn't stay in there I can edit all of
that out daddy is a superstar at the
edits uh-huh
just like you're a superstar at the blog
take that and vidyou I don't know daddy
are you excited for our impending
holiday oh no I wonder hey baby
Danny baby the new baby's gonna come
like literally in like four months I
think you know mommy honey I'm 670
mommy's not coming to the baby won't be
coming
yeah if mommy can think up the baby does
okay well mommy will stay here and daddy
and the baby will go on date night yeah
yeah a good idea is that it goes ahead
don't put your hair tie on your friends
and you ain't no fun in school today
well I think you did you have a fun day
in school today
no then I'd one with the waggly tail you
can actually color in there and say
nothing right
excuse me how much is it thank you do we
know it does I feel I should put it
there except someone probably steal it
and it's not look nice it's a nice coat
is that a new coat
oh my goodness we're going to Kochi
we're going to coat and you bet your new
coat this is when did you coat the coat
lads the coat the coat or when you go in
there like oh look you should go in
there like I am wearing my new coach hi
Oh quick we got a great man it is short
it's a short live in life Mike oh I
haven't made up the coat in a while
lights oh that's all right we got some
sourdough well friends we oh my goodness
you look so pretty in it's like you're
pretty and all the light Emilia and her
best mate Sophia come on come on are on
the front cover of the school magazine
but Amelia has like balance of luck we
have a couple of proper ones you just
don't have that one
Amelia wanted me to leave the baby at
home tonight from English but you know
what's happenin 8000 was that maybe
moving
right now what a week
hi this is what happens you know cause
like this is a fish see with last year
we're like we unless you were like oh I
know we're gonna have another kid this
time around
I was thinking about like it's gonna be
awesome presentation remember a wire I
don't think you're gonna be emotional
because you're like you know cuz it
Wireless straight away this is even
shorter my favorite time is somewhere
around the G like not my favorite of
mine but I I don't know you feel more
involved after like a year
I feel more involved up to that like
she's just so depending on you but I was
I was just like more like I love an SEO
right now my questions
I can't sound like I'm gonna see how
he's interacting Taylor and happens of
that I'm excited to like you know what
it's like to go
yeah that'll be cool Oh things we could
do with the ones that page even when
Alexia media and Eduardo were like weird
whining - yeah we had like so much free
time we only started like go yeah we
started where I was working
yeah I never used to used to go like
this faster we can share me it's about
like having a life no it's coming again
sooner get excited just wait another two
years
