I was just saying on a Facebook and
Twitter there I was like you know what I
was like press and media attention we're
getting and it's like totally awesome
and so exciting I'm like I'm like a
little baby every morning like it like
it's Christmas is like it doesn't a
radio last night unless you guys fight
didn't them check that everyone on
twitter follow me put on keep up with
the flag but am i'll stick em I'll stick
it somewhere in this a blob somewhere
along the way but I just wanted to say
that like you know I'm always concerned
like I don't want people thinking that
like oh so continued it like you so up
himself like he's always like and
posting things like if when we were like
you wanted to see that Daily Mail thing
or Irish on Sunday whatever it's called
um it's on my facebook I'd always like
scan them and put them on Facebook so
people like in America or X and Europe
somewhere they can't get the Irish media
papers you guys can read it but I was
like I'm just gonna get sick because
like we got another caller they're like
they were like oh you're another paper
today and then they want us to go into
radio tomorrow and then we're on the TV
on Friday and you know maybe something
else might happen and I just want people
thinking like oh you suit you need you
your postman still folded until
everything and so when it's not it's cuz
I just like you know I'm just ready cuz
I didn't expect it and we're just really
excited this is like crazy like this is
like this is just me and said you know
we have an opportunity to do something
even bigger and even better at this show
you know and do something like fun and
you know and then like for example like
getting to go on TV is like awesome but
you guys get to calm you know we get to
like bring everyone and bring people to
radio stations that's the kind of stuff
left la kitties don't do y'all so I was
like I just like to stay there like you
got them to stop you know because I
don't want people thinking like oh you
think this is a journey this is a
journey that you know last year 360 273
days so we have 73 373 days ago like we
started in this journey and and I just
think the gras part is I know it got
like loads of new people
howdy-ho welcome aboard welcome aboard
exits are here here here the
actually they're just a little red
button it'll exit but we prefer if you
press the yellow button
you know better outcome for everybody or
do you like or favorite I don't know I'm
just excited leave me a comment guys if
you think that and you don't want me to
if you want me to stop putting like
radio interviews or press I mean that
kind of stuffing because I just I you
know I just I just feel like Anna I like
you like I don't know I think it's not
like what you're getting is an honest
reaction I suppose to like when we read
things come on be like oh yeah guys so
like you know I was on TV which I'm
always on TV and I'll get off in the
papers cuz I'm like always in the papers
you know I'm such a celebrity oh my
goodness oh my gracious goodness like
you know cuz I'm like oh the whole idea
of this is that like you know changing
perception of you know the media
platform and how like this community and
it's like yeah like I don't know just I
love you guys Thanks over at or over
this bit like over this over the next
year there's certain things that you
know things that happen every single
year will start to repeat themselves
slightly so in compared to last year
like you know like right now we're gonna
look at a place oh yeah a new place some
new backgrounds a couple of reasons why
I'm not gonna get into right now cuz I'm
driving down the road zo but I'm yeah
you guys want to come in a little bit of
a house hunt because we watch Sam and
Jay do it and we taught like gosh darn
it if they can do it we can do it better
again holy potato puns we drove out here
to meet this person right at 3 o'clock
and then she's gonna bring us to another
place and half three it is no twenty
past three I even rang the mobile number
of the one I got we turned out to be her
colleague who's home sick in bed it was
like oh so she's like I'm gonna pass
that on to my Carlo but nothing not even
a Tinkerbell I'm sitting here you know
it's like twenty pass the petrol lights
just come on because I'm just sitting
here I'm like hello hello
I was you father somebody want to see I
didn't even want to see this place I
rang about the other place she's like
let me take you down to Chinatown and I
was like okay take me to Chinatown lady
and now she's nude and she's just she
stood me up she stood me up I got stood
up
oh my goodness I got stood up
I think I'm spider and I think she's
actually about to call me I'll find that
in a second or the phone rings the phone
rings it is it is hello hi has a gun do
you access that don't say good old
garden no maintenance garden but a few
yeah yeah that's better that's kind of
cool
there's just somewhere needs to sit ups
yeah days like today where in can say
yesterday in the Sun and then today in
the rain
let's shake shower is easy run off the
immersed in that one right so you've
immersed in here you click on the switch
oh yeah okay do not hesitate
that's a sec went to find you that like
resets the whole thing so long minutes
never touch that switch guest bedroom
the only thing I be afraid of is the
carpet getting dirty no not a bad color
though it's not to cream you get away
super it's not the same thing as one
people just can't take care of I know
she hadn't see you going down to Tesco
going to find myself a treat
I'm hungry I tell you this now so you
will rub my feet here my feet are kind
of stinky may have little sweats don't
put them in your mouth because it's
something you will regret yeah that was
a lovely spotty no guys but she forgot
the keys he's our neighbor he's the one
that always reminds us of that guy he
does well and I'm gonna show you guys I
do you guys you guys I would love to
show you this but with this is does it
perfectly cooked stairs right there what
it's the best can I take a quick
shortcut through this field here in the
rain what is a perfectly good staircase
right essentially no I know they didn't
make any better so um that place is nice
a little bit dark a little bit dark but
it was nice I'll tell you guys later
we
sure we went into the shop and it picked
up the paper and I was like I just have
a quick lecture to open the front pages
like okay okay moving on moving on
certainly I don't know you feel really
like you really odd if I'm like if I'm
in a like public plates or something
like that and I open a paper and it's
about me and I'm reading mine are like
oh you can't do that you're like run
away at home hide yourself away and
slowly open the page like read it
privately to yourself banana banana
banana you know someone after confident
name she said they had a super sizer key
yeah yeah yeah let's be really clear
look sharper way to slice wouldn't good
team guys if that the place that we're
gonna go see tomorrow he's close to at
gun stores
oh yeah way better food substances
no more Tesco we have to change the song
let's change everything we released a
new album the updated album we kind of
wet
wide open on is wet do you want some
munchies of crunch which is what kind of
monster punch it you would you like
you're not the worst thing to do ever
and I'm talking ever and never do this
okay because it's going to cut to me
running down the stairs as the kitchen
is on fire because the food is in the
oven and I just put this on I'm like
just have a quick cold
EXCI game I say Cena well I say Cena all
right safe Tina what is this all about
fosters all about yeah it's a lighthouse
it's a long debate we are like 20
minutes or so something I just have a
quick game oh it didn't burn it didn't
burn I made it I'm a maker of maida
today
how's that risky though playing your
computer Oh take the dough oh that
picture that bearded photograph seems to
be the one everyone's favoring favoring
I tell you got like a person oh we're
going with the egg garlic chicken Kiev's
with some straight fried chip O's won't
you I was on the air bouncers must've
been sitting there for a couple of
months actually when I found this coat
the ABS just one of you so he's wearing
a wintertime man that was sitting there
I just look I think I'll wear it so
people recognize me you know but I like
it's what beard oh come on beard back
beards more of like a I know it's more
of like a sort of a wintry accessory
somebody says to me is more like I don't
know more face more face more place
gonna make it in and bricks in my food
my cool put in the fire but this is that
ironing is cold up to where it is
because I am sweating right now
that's gonna come out sooner or later
so I just tweeted their Facebook there
and I said guys what's the bail what did
you do
and hypothetically speaking this
Saturday we were in Dublin where our
committee and we were in a specific
location and which you guys beat below
for some sort of like a meetup thing an
unofficial unofficial not to be but I
have a couple of you guys t-shirts and
you know I've just got no space to
really put them anyway you know not
always you guys be sure it's not like oh
there's no space to put them anywhere
more so me about offload some leaving on
to my next team coach Cooper asked me
like I'm outside aren't like they were
like oh let's change chance you like
sell them and stuff
the only reason like Gunnar he's not
selling them and tell me because well
they're expensive to make and then like
loads of people oh he's coming they're
like oh my god I want them I want the
more than one time and I'm like okay
it's for sale and then no one buys them
you know and now I'm stuck with it's
like huge bill thing you know so the
printers do a minimum order of 20 so if
20 people if 20 you guys want t-shirts
then no problem you know so if I can get
20 20 show of hands I don't wait I think
cuz you have to kind of like let's
figure it out but you need to need to
get an order of 20 before they'll do a
print run because 20 is quite smaller
they're looking for like a hundred so if
I can get 20 shows of hands I'll be
interested in a you guys t-shirt then
yeah I think we definitely be able to
facilitate something something along
those lines so leave me a comment oh if
you're one of those 20 or send me like a
leave me a Facebook or a Twitter thing
or something
just at 22 because you know
ain't no hey no gold digger starting to
make sense in the conversation it does
not make any sense in the conversation
do everything is blood if we have always
get 22 but just so you know like it
wasn't one of these are these the card
things you could I suppose you can pay
me do a PayPal thing but we you could
probably just let post that's what I
think it was like you know you could
just like put like the money in an
envelope and like put it in a card like
a birthday card good thing and stand now
when we accept that kind of money you
know because people were saying it's bad
like I can't buy them online and sing
any keep to set up like that but first
we'd have to get twenty show of hands
who'd be interested in you guys t-shirt
and then we'd be able to ship that out
okay are you one of those 20 but you one
of those 22 leave me a comment okay now
it's time for some walkies it teams up a
little bit today and go the other way
what the other way because it's more
green meanie me I Neil isn't it well you
guys I think of who walks
if you to choose between going for a
walk in the beach everything we're going
for a walk in the forest the area like
this what would you choose I choose the
beach as well I love the beach I'm sorry
I have to admit it okay
I love the beach does she know
Oh Cena Cena who's daddy daddy
maybe she should think of the baby watch
is not colic yeah I know many who have
been addicted cigarettes or smoking but
when they get pregnant they make an
effort to give it okay all right Lee Jim
Carrey of course you may have seen the
show they it was basically a kind of
video blog of a man's life no it's like
a reality show I suppose but this is on
YouTube and it's getting a substantial
amount of hits as a man and his name is
Jonathan jolly his girlfriend's name is
Andrea
Ciccone she is from America he is from
corn and the living in Cork and what
they're doing is they're I suppose
outlining the whole life on YouTube and
I remember ed Harris was the TV producer
responsible for shooting show at the
time it was a great idea so Laura's you
get to look at YouTube and you can see
everything that's going on in their life
as I was a really interesting sorry so
on the line is Jonathan jolly Jonathan
good evening to you kidding me Jonathan
firstly okay absolutely beautiful
looking couple I have to say the model
couple here you look like in the paper
and you're basically letting everybody
see what's going in your life I see some
photographs here of you two guys at
Thanksgiving obviously celebrating
Thanksgiving because your girlfriend or
your fiancee are you know very general
you know know your file says she's from
Mary Ann Mary Lyall Louisiana I see your
dog there your wife with your girlfriend
your dog and these basically do
everything alone yeah okay and what was
the idea behind this what made you think
dude did you screw up with us one day
and that's just what everything online
no well I own said if we would ask that
question right there's always there's
two ways of answering the question you
know Thursday the intellectual idea
behind it because I do have a master's
degree in interactive media and then
there's the kind of question of how you
know when I when we you know the last
two years like media has been very slow
and moving no jobs there's been nothing
going so quit I walk away so like do
something new interphase and you know
just like yo see you make any money
folks directly or indirectly you know
things that being a YouTube partner like
we are like yeah they they're very
official about not disclosing any of
their missions I did a business like
open for free open I go to all this
trouble for free daily to watch your
home life on YouTube that you put up on
YouTube you know I think you understand
it I know Catherine Murphy open the are
saying someone even more and I even said
weird is all about it
we're lucky like whatever you think
about Jedward they're entertaining to
say the least so we are you know like 2
million views like you know with the
30,000 people the 6 to 8 thousand people
a day that watch our show and you know
when you read the comments by people are
saying that like I make their life
better I make their life happier they're
in a bad mood they watch me you know oh
honey what do you put up every day do
you put like one episode of the day or
is it is it like four or five minute
videos or like obviously it's not 24
hour video a day oh yeah would it be
like in the 24 hour period you record
about maybe 40 minutes you know you kind
of learn you know we've been doing it a
year now why do you think people are
watching it is a fascination or people
just bored I think part of it is like if
it's a community we've developed this
community and my column are you guys and
I say hi to everyone from all over the
world let's listen right now because I
just tweeted at your link everybody you
know they claim it's like being
belonging this heart of a community it's
done so you saw all your all your
tweeters that you have mates tweeters
have you got now oh she's got like eight
pounds okay so these are you gave
milling to the to the radio station so
now we're we're part of this fascination
there we welcome to all the listeners
all around the world who might be part
of this little fascination okay so
what's the limits you draw this do you
have limits obviously you don't have you
know blogs of yourself and your missus
in bed exactly that's that's one of the
things like we got em we are we're in a
position we got offered we're official
show that on YouTube if you go to shows
you'll see things like come dynami
Keeping Up with the Kardashians pictures
and we're there because we abide by very
strict procedures which is we don't
curse we don't show any nudity profanity
there's no inappropriate actions and
it's just I'll make it a very family for
anything because I know like I know I've
got like people as young as 13 or
watching our show and you know I'm just
I'm not gonna I'm not gonna be
inappropriate um are you being censored
by YouTube no well I mean don't you have
their own form of censorship of course
they've already if I choose to you know
show I can say whatever I want but
we'll obviously affect the fact that
there is a responsibility to it you know
as an entertainer I suppose there is a
responsibility that you know like with
these people like most of their you guys
have our Facebook friends or on Twitter
it's just in your life that your family
their everything all day long and you
know you have a kind of responsibility
to that that we kind of respect each
other you know the home did they know
that we're going to entertain them every
day in our silliness and you know what
we get from them is that they interact
with the community and you know that's
when people get all been your most
popular episode so far when I say
episode you're supposed popular vlog
it's called a vlog isn't it a big video
log which is a video blog okay so I'm
sorry I'm old school zone okay like we
make one every single day and you know
their episode ik in their nature to come
at everything okay what you're doing at
the moment do you think you know when
you look at Facebook Twitter and that
yeah of course now you're running your
life on YouTube do you think that this
kind of social network thing in which at
the moment is most popular in Ireland
the caller according to Facebook I do
you think it's reached its peak or is it
just beginning I think that definitely
like because of the fact that we're tied
into this like global community right
we're like international we have to see
we get to see what's going on and well
because we've got friends all over the
US and over you know mainland Europe and
we can see what's happening there and
there is like this massive migrations
and sort of online media the platform
sort of exploding at the moment of what
how far can you push interactivity you
know people are yeah well how far could
you push it along are you planning on
doing this for did you vote old and gray
are you gonna put the wedding up on
YouTube well by the way when are you
getting married
yeah well let's do our biggest series
you ask me there is our proposal video I
got down on one knee and I made no
attendance and flowers and I surprised
ina she no idea what's coming and but
the guys you know the viewers they were
there they all knew the viewers knew so
half the globe knew but I didn't right
okay so you can tell him what he did you
propose or people just you know that's
like I always said I could slightly
human experiment you know people people
don't want it like
or pretend that were great because we
mess up all the time
okay that was being the messin up do you
obviously record this have you ever done
any live vlogs well we tried to do it
twice because people probably tweet me
right now saying well they can't by the
way if they want to tweet us they can
tweet us at Late Show at 4fm Late Show
sorry for at 4fm Late Show or they can
go onto our Facebook as well on our
Facebook is there for FM Late Show yeah
we do meet up we have done where we dam
organized like in a Facebook event and
we say let me do one in Dublin Stephen's
Green we did one in course and Wall
Street there was one yes
you know if anyone's to tweet us now by
the way we will ask their questions if
you want to ask Jonathan a question just
tweet us and we will we'll ask you the
question so where is it gonna stop where
when have you planned for it have you
said yourself okay well when we have our
first child I think we call this a day
I'm gonna stop making money out because
I know IRA has a shop as well hasn't she
she has her own shop where she sells
stuff on the website too that is the way
people lookin like the website so if I
call it with the website no it's not
really like a website like we have am I
really old-fashioned here am i okay I
only got around to Facebook four weeks
ago because of this radio station you
know he keeps telling me my producers
telling me in my ear all the time about
tweet tweet and tweeters because I'm not
even on Twitter am I missing out on
something here yeah well I find it I
find it great because you know yeah you
kinda have to start your like how do I
talk in less than 16 characters but then
you kind of get used to it and then you
kind of like it's a lot easier to talk
in less than 16 characters oh oh this is
the Twitter you got me but I've often
seen my producer too that he has to keep
deleting characters all the time
yeah somebody just tweeted I am live for
laughs are and Twitter's disappointed my
mom won't let me listen to this
interview on for FM's Late Show because
I have school in the morning so just
just goes to show you that there is I
suppose kids that are interested in your
goings on as well
okay okay on YouTube yeah I need you
yeah so people can actually yeah listen
at tomorrow life sometimes just so
tweeted in at the show here I guess I
love Joe for an alle that's your
nickname I assume Joe yeah okay okay so
they're all having fun tweeting in are
Jonathan and I going to do anymore
meetups somebody else wants to know
what's a meet-up is where we were put
out on Twitter or Facebook as when we
say like you know Steven screen next
Friday 12 o'clock I'm not saying Stevens
be an expert okay
please don't cram in to see what's green
X variety and we go there and we just
you know because after a year you
thought you said if you watch the vlog
you get into the show and yeah no I have
time so I'm really upset about things
cuz life sucks at the time and you know
all we're doing is we're a community
where we just kind of make each other
feel better you know people come to me
and they're like you know leave in
comments like I had a bad day but I
watched you like act like the fool
cutting the bag or making a cup of
coffee singing it's on whatever Oh baby
let's go you American you know for a
 man you've done very Americanized
Avenue that's you're obviously your
wife's interaction or your girlfriend
your girlfriend sorry I I looked at your
girlfriend here some of the shots where
she has her hair box yeah she looks a
bit like Angelina Jolie
doesn't she very good very good
do you think you've started a bit of a
cult up is there anybody else doing this
by the way I'm sure there is is there
like big you know and that that's the
thing like this this started off as sort
of like a fun thing you know yeah yeah
yeah I got bigger and bigger and bigger
and then you see me thinking whoa like
you know you're getting kind of almost
the same views of some shows you know
and the potential to make a living off
this there is a potential develop this
into something a lot bigger than it
already is
okay so look your people information if
they want to kind of follow you guys
okay they can go onto Facebook for us
what's your facebook name gelatin powder
jelly okay they want to tweet you what
they tweet your heart what Jonathan
Jolie
I am Jo ly okay how do they want to
YouTube you go to youtube.com
Ford stroke left loose TV and lef L oo f
TV okay left loose TV okay give us a big
plug on your YouTube as well
listen Jonathan Johnny the best to look
at that okay I hope you make your money
out of us okay all right there you go
Jonathan Jolie got his wife Alice a
Coney and they have you can follow them
on YouTube on Twitter and Facebook
yeah he's Irish he's from Cork she's
some Louisiana it looked like an
absolutely wonderful couple but they're
basically putting their life right out
there on YouTube so you guys can have a
look and see what's going on in the life
all right now we gotta move on where's
my mouse eating there
