we're going on a road trip
poor in kinsale the tourists taking the
pictures they're robbing all the water
though seems to be gone I like the
little drive-in guys everyone left
comments last time how much they really
enjoyed that coming into court so I
thought do I not look pretty soon guys
when I am yeah so I thought I'd do it
again coming into Kinsale because I love
this place
it was so nice it's like a boating town
it's like a little town she's getting
undressed we actually were highly
thinking about moving here but um you
just can't get the fibre broadband so
that's a clincher for me and you guys
remember when we were on the bumper cars
last time I was here in consejos ages
ago for that leave a comment and CB can
we have the name on that video
the photographer oh my god Alvie was
actually in where's the car the little
car over there in the picture you guys
wanna be in a picture you guys Jackie oh
my god oh my god what's the question
does that hurt it looks different in the
color in the picture six different now
what's it about the story of our
childhoods and is there questions what's
she good in school sir which is a baby
very big words it's kind of easy to eat
look at you little tiger print don't you
eat my dog just been licking egg dolls I
got a new German copy Oh was a few
German notes or something yeah yeah just
take waiter
800 I mean 800 euros holy crap holy man
that's most expensive book ever produced
in the history of expensive books ever
produced
I'm a euros date I think it is I think
he's lost because he was going to really
so that is good huh
no no room in the end
miss Akane Jolie's Oh No Nina hit one
per year I thought you are a freaking
celebrity or tell me what you think Oh
what are they watching us so now we're
going to try and find somewhere else to
go and get something you guys recommend
anything probably by Johnny oh my
goodness right where we going to next
what's the next plan of attack
what no we can't go do a close-up on the
second Father's Day I call Father's Day
rule I'm a father to two dogs I means
I'm in control of everything today did
you just say Eric it is cursed because
she wants some scampi here a little
scampi so we can't go to visit ages you
guys are waiting over in the park if you
are waiting I just went into the pipes
we already folks we were anyplace busy
and you shouldn't say it in case no with
your mom now we do we do look we had
come earlier due to be no vlog it is
today we had to render produce and
entered an upload the blogger is I think
you guys all appreciate it was worth it
no so you're kind of you're kind of
saying the tempo in a roundabout way
what I am oh my goodness
you've just been termed out that you
just just a thumbnail right there this
is nice we should move in here I like
the windows some privacy
what I know I know
crackpots ha ha that's gonna crackpots
it's named after me oh my goodness look
at that but you get it I'll be Encino
one of them let's get Lenny little
jackets to bound somewhere cool little
cafe it's kind of good-looking this move
what's it called
silver lemon lemon leaf you guys think
and lemon you can conserve looks like
yeah
little thing there is no are culturally
and recorded pancakes in center part
lunch
I'm savor cameras at this table looks
like when someone's kitchen the smell of
a new book is anyone else like that you
know the smell about the pages or
something
you guys like the smelling books but I
got guys shaking the skewer you know the
green stuff what's that the fish sticks
well that was a ste treaty mm-hmm
proponent salad will be same in your fan
so would always you chicken another
salad and the potatoes but a mortal
battle when they goes into the deep body
salad almost kitchens closed no pancakes
the door faster for paintings for her
account you said about the playing hey
yo yo it looks like it thing yeah but
looks like the inside everything Eric as
in Revelation go why it's like half
quarter two sugars done party all like
that yep
yeah cuz look at this that's way longer
and that's this branch shoulders whoa
people need to know about these things I
think we're like the last people in here
please take a seat outside did you enjoy
your lunch
no you can get pancakes I thought it
might be a mighty munch your pancakes my
restaurant oh yeah you know fishy fishy
and I didn't get bumper cars because of
you because you uncle on the month
crisis me that's because I'm full of
chocolate fat so Jonathan somebody said
Joe Joe something what does he say it
was Jessica what did you say
Jessica Goodman he said something Joe
fat so I know camera where was I did you
say he said something to the media today
and you said something that toes cool
about a Cottenham order isn't it look at
this little thing over here what's the
cross milk market cafe it's kind of cool
look isn't it yeah we're just hanging by
the street yo because every shop we've
passed and mom and Steve just seem to
have to go into every single shop man
this way we'll never get home movie
no siree it is called this is what dick
well played a game sing the song sing
the Sun shadows up in the shadows out
you have to town what's the name in that
show
we're over Harrow we're in shadow come
on where would burst one time one time
yo went on yo one time give it up
Oh Joe Pitts oh but anyway leave me a
comment if you know the name of the show
that that's wrong you're scrappy you
made yourself you little you bought that
inertia answer she's a chancer a Prancer
and a chancer we're about to go home a
little haven't seen ask for a walk is a
varying concern for ages but then so we
just tweeted me and when I you guys
bring the Daily Mail today and I was
like oh crap herbs because once they
sell out they're not gonna get any more
so we're gonna sneak over to Tesco and
see if we can I should get a copy of it
I got it guys I found it go to Irish
Irish mail on Sunday I am that's the
reporter there captain she's probably
hooked in the show now she told me she
watches every day ha ha ha like you I
told her that em and when she brings
that I probably as read it aloud for you
guys so I don't know maybe she want
maybe maybe you're watching to see our
reaction but em I have to read you the
opening line because it's my favorite
line ever I was really interested to
actually read this one ok after five
minutes watching and listening to
Jonathan Jolie I'm thinking impossible
there is someone even more annoying than
Jedward on the planet
yeah my lipstick god it's pretty good
actually it's not it's like em it's long
it's long which is awesome and ensure
enchiladas Oprah I was kind of curious
to see what way was gonna go and I don't
know I think I might have won her over
because you know I was kind of reading
to her going like yeah and she's that
kind of like trying to be like this you
get barefoot and that's all right you
know I think that's all right that's all
right okay cool though
hello I love this picture I would love
this picture you see that one that's one
a photographer guys talk when he was
here for them
he said email me turn it on but I want
that picture is anyone knows where I can
get that picture that's me no please do
you like it mm-hmm and IGN you guys
remember this picture from how was that
spring last spring was it in this
picture here like yeah you do look good
what's the portion of sketball you
didn't use the magic wand tool for
cutting off the hair their homes them
lives their method of mentality yeah so
check it out guys
oh well it was yesterday's paper so I
guess you missed it but I'll try and
scan it or something runner it's really
large so it'll be kind of hard to scan
it or something in utter but huh yeah
totally awesome
speaking toda so I don't think I ever
got I told you I never told anyone I've
totally forgot that she said I think we
said it on Twitter and did she said on
Twitter by tv3 yeah
did you I never said in the blogs
funnily enough she actually am quoting
me we're saying where is it
Jolie Spence he says mainstream media is
too packed too full of fake celebrity
and causes video unorganized media in
which it doesn't sensor is in your idiot
but if GV trio Artie were to come
calling wooden block shows in clearly
excited about traveling what did you
excited to be on television radio I sure
would
so rocky on TV 3 next Friday
that'll be another vlog where we'll be
racing up on Ireland a.m. which is like
a big breakfast show I think so I don't
know any other breakfast shows not
anyway they're probably all crap but and
yeah we're going to be on our own a.m.
on Friday the 24th I don't know what
time we need to be there like I don't
know a week beforehand no I said seven
o'clock in the morning but I would pray
and govern the night before but yeah
chewing in and if you can't they take
you into the TV tree daata eak and they
have a live thing there but I just don't
know if you can see it outside the
country but if you're in Ireland
definitely we're gonna like DV or it
because nobody else see it but that's
going back to such a cool blog vlogging
like inside the studio it's gonna be
totally awesome for anyone I can't see
I'm pretty sure that probably give me a
copy of the video or something we're
looking we'll figure something out lads
so I was just am deleting I was bad to
actually transfer all the footage onto
the computer right and I was like to
delete all the stuff that we shot
yesterday because I after I I render I
have a I have a procedure a standard
operating procedure and I just noticed
the footage and even myself and I are
saying today going remember yesterday
when we did that whole like chocolate
thing that wasn't in the vlog and I just
had like I couldn't find it between all
the cameras and stuff and it turned out
that was there but I don't know how it
didn't get into the editing edit and
then it didn't get on the blog somehow
but normally like this actually does
happen quite regularly things don't
actually make it and then I go back
later I'm looking at the footage and I'm
like well I just put that in there and
I'm like alright different clothes like
I was wearing the same I wore the same
clothes every day I would just like be
chopping and changing but at know okay
look it looks completely different
consider green can sale all day today so
am I decided I'm actually just gonna go
and admit to you that I I mess up there
okay
and I gotta go quick that at the end of
this vlog so I'm gonna cut to that now
because I think it's really funny I
think you guys will get it will get a
kick of a hook Jonathan I just forgot
about the childhood
like girls Stephanie said we've always
forgot that it existed second time that
we did that like almost is that because
once I put my keys and runner oh yeah oh
god my body hurts a lot oh oh no I'm
joking
oh god you gave me wrong burn oh pretty
hurts you also might choose with it
mighty fauna
so it a bit scary very sir come on guys
let's get back to work I got no rewards
do you guys check out the video I put it
yesterday
 this stuff it's the old band I was
in doesn't even play look at your past
Oh little girl Paso how's everybody
doing
I might have to stop it says trap
shutter my shiny puns we my name just
saw them I was looking at these hard
times here is pulling it's looking for
something for a somewhere else and
Georgina actually hi Georgina and I
thought I found all the footage there
and I was like holy crap holy Oh and I
was like always I'll edit that up into
like I'm not gonna put all of it because
we have like about a half an hour of
footage last bit long yo so I'll try and
chop it up and do like I don't know five
or 10 minutes or something well yeah I
got a wind bad for some chocolate Oh
