the guy may have actually come up with
the best business plan in the entire
world ever invented
okay you see my am as lazy in the
morning as lazy as I am at nighttime I
just think it would be amazing there was
some where you could just call and get
your breakfast delivered imagine a
takeaway breakfast delivered breakfast
it's morning time and they haven't
vlogged you feel like I haven't blogged
myself for ages judge me but I'm getting
some sausages and bacon sausages there
you know it looks so bad but I don't
really care
I wanted them I just fell down the
stairs
well not really I throw that on a few
steps
alby's fucks he always sits on the
freaking stairs so I was like trying to
you know get my way over him and then I
just what one of my feet got caught in
my pen wait I thought of a thing
I haven't blogged in ages myself
so Jonathan sonic to Tesco to get some
not these to get some sausages because
he want sausages and also some milk I
think because I don't know if there's
enough milk for me to make my parrot yes
there might be but um yeah so you
thought out and did you see our new cups
well of course you did because if you
watched yesterday then you did but I
love them I think they're so cool I
liked any our finest cocktail sausages
to get the best one
I also wanted to say thank you to
everybody who was concerned about my hay
fever yesterday and who left all those
nice messages that was really nice of
you guys and I'm fine now once I got
that stuff whatever Jonathan got me you
can you remember what it's called but
it's just in my bedroom I can't remember
but once I got that stuff it just like
went away but you guys have no idea like
if you have ever suffered from hay fever
then you will know but on that day when
the photographer was here like I was
dying like it's so debilitating if you
don't treat it right or if like you know
the stuff that you're taking doesn't
work like I don't know claritin has
never really worked for me though and
this stuff just seems to work and I
think just stuff is just like some
generic brand like it's not like it's
not anything special but I think my part
is ready now but yeah that day that the
photographer is here like I there one of
my eyes was streaming the whole time I
kept sniffing and that would make it
worse because it would make it more
congested but I couldn't blow my nose
because if I could look blew my nose
then my makeup would like you know be
rubbed off until it was just so
stressful
unlike then after he left I just went
back to bed and like I couldn't go
anywhere or do anything and like even if
we had a window open like I let Sina out
to pee and I opened the door and I
literally sneeze like 14 times didn't
like one setting it was just like insane
it was horrible and it's so it is so
like debilitating you wouldn't think it
you'd think like hay fever like whatever
but it's not it's like it's just like
having a cold up will not go away and
you just feel like hazy the whole time
as well like you feel really like just
hazy I can re explain that what I
noticed I think I see Jonathan you know
what Jonathan has this real like
distinctive walk I think it's really
weird it's not weird but it's really
funny cuz like I could look at and see
somewhat let's see like a figure and not
be able to make it who it is but I would
know that it's Jonathan just
he walks samer we were having a fight
one time and he went to the shop on his
own and then he was coming back and I
looking at the window to see if it was
him and I was convinced it was in him
because whoever had like one of the bags
on his shoulder and I don't remember
John could never dream up an Aries and
then well I was going closer I was just
like oh my god it is him and I remember
I was so angry with him for some reason
I stopped me arguing sighs she's like oh
the truck eat that I can tell who it is
from his walk he has like a really cocky
walk like not in a bad way but it's just
very like kind of I don't know like he's
very sure of himself you know he has
some guys they they like slow for
whatever but no Jonathan's just like
very very sure myself I'm very like
tonight I'm cool I'm confident I'm cocky
guys everyone I'm cool I was just saying
that I can always tell you from the way
you walk when I look at the window yeah
and if I can't even see your face or
anything
what's that oh yeah okay can you tell us
something better already walk well no I
didn't tell it's you but yeah I mean if
you didn't know either
I got swagger like you know heck dammit
Oh Jonathan like I never noticed it
before it until that one time that we
had that fight and I was looking at the
window and I saw you yeah yeah yeah and
he was just like so like not like that
like not three stupid but like in a more
toned down great it's it's hard to
explain I don't know like let me know
can you tell when like people in your
family or people that you know like if
it's them by by their wall you're not
quiet like their face like recognizing
them I don't know like I just with you
though Thanks it's the first time I've
actually played the new map pack on solo
and there's actually like a whole intro
and story and everything and that's okay
but I never knew that and I haven't
played it so long saved my brother and I
was like I'll just play solo and I was
like
it's so funny like this is so cool look
at this guy he's just like hanging it
back here thinks he owns the place so
like your sub home dogs I'm just gonna
like fly around your home yo-yo do
whatever I please do whatever I want
whoa he's crazy is he gonna go
is he gonna go does he can I go with you
what are you up to huh think you own the
place buddy did I do you think seem
awfully nice Joey come on Oh
come on come on
I'm going down I'll be do you need to
pee and everything - okay okay bye bye
bye Joey
okay oh okay
are we all going this way Bobby's best
friend Joey
he just got a haircut - Jimenez he was
like wondering I think he intended to
come there and I think he's going up I
thought it was gonna be some sort of a
meat treat it's not a meat treat like
you might like it you know what is this
is it what does it Keaney purchase at a
pasta party there is baby no I don't
know the hospital making the bacon I
have a sausage today oh gosh I'm told
it's very put enough parmesan mannish
have you put enough parmesan on anything
it's gonna taste good probably needs
more where are we going where are we
going
I don't even know where we're going I'm
Fenian look worthy brownie this is some
sort of a shovel what a tunnel that's
where I saw the Where's Waldo thing and
I was all like all of the directions
okay I don't know about 982 fries phases
what's wrong with it guys I've heard
this one I'll be calm down no go up to
the nerd like a door doors behind us oh
well there's not affect you
guys is an M&S in here and somebody told
me that I can get those lifts often
that's good but it might be closed naked
nothing close you can go through there
but not there and go through there where
you know it's right all right I don't
want to be going the wrong way you go
through there because then we can go
down there Nate and Joe this is our
first time in here together
oh my god I just came to test out in
Douglas the Village Shopping Center I
think I'm gonna go to em and that's the
dope and do your mind mind in the car
Jonathan is afraid of leaving the dogs I
think it's safer in here
really I've seen people do this all the
time in fact I was in here first time I
was in here was my mom and I saw two
girls get into a car and there was to
like little Maltese or Bichons like
waiting for them it was really cute
are we the only Hut I'll be at the time
knows I'm always a freak back I'm always
scared like I'm leaving them you know no
I'm just I'm from I'm from Dublin yeah
we like to rob from each other
so okay fine this is like a nice area
and it's a nice car park my heart
completely breaks to them look at them
we see Cena's little face in the back of
the car
let's go come on come on come on
look even comments there was going on
about this another one in point that's
like a slide e elevator whoa whoa you
can't go backwards it's like an airport
displaces oh my is it that guys think
it's a blood whoa
fill again I'm like it tourists
intervene there before so I'm not
excited this is cool
Vic Tesco
I did not realize just not realize where
is I'm gonna lose it okay oh wait look
it looks close down there it's crazy
it's like a whole new Tesco experience
never been to this Tesco if into the
Wilton one and I've been to the Matthew
point but I've never been this one this
is like a whole new experience is that a
whole new dance yeah come on whoo
we're shopping let's go shopping in
Tesco we're ready to go cause my
shopping in Tesco come on ethnicity yeah
let's see what kind of kicks in the
sweets they have here well well well
hello they could we please use bombs and
bullets provided I'm not wearing a Tong
what do you think this is a bit tricky I
came for trapped in here I was in shock
I was all wait I when I got my teeth
fixed they wouldn't be able to do my
perfect perfect boyish whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa I don't get me free it's hard
to walk past a buy one get one free
without buying one and getting one free
it's kind of how it works it'll be
difficult to make your way around to
Tesco's when they changed it I think all
Tesco should be but this is sprayed
tight here this is very tight too kind
you pass this this should make all
Tesco's the exact same layer that way
will be a lot easier to find your way
around there we get what do you think
oh-oh-oh yeah this is a new thing but we
just have these things everywhere I'm
sorry did you just take the forbidden
forbidden is that forbidden for Biden
did we just win the lottery or something
okay guys if everybody favorites today's
video I would allow an at the house
cinnamon graham ask them
we will check tomorrow's favorites I'm
gonna come back and get it beaten you
can't go in there oh my god it's just
getting closed off what are you gonna do
don't go down there
