do you remember a video a long time ago
where I stole Anna socks and she get
crazy
that just happened a few moments ago yep
suck in the head it's like a - and man
you like Angie knocking at my
teat alright okay look at this okay
ditch me hit me with your rhythm stick
hits me but to me there is a couple of
bunnies in here
oh yeah look look look Oh
huh look there it is there it is no no
no you made it move it they're sent in
their pet bunny well we have two doggies
but wouldn't a pet bunny be fun for the
dogs to play with what lost in the
forest Hansel and Gretel we have to put
them when it rose baking tray or we put
there but then what did Hansel and
Gretel use I lose your phone
don't lose your phone it's behind you
yeah I know
it's a mini slide for many people not
for maximum people oh my god erik has
made a new friend let's just go over
here in the biz bus see in there Derek
is new friend what's his name America
hey Joey hey Joey oh when I'm Joey when
I'm Joey and one-eyed Alvey I'd be a
white pair too - it him
driving through the city off quote guys
apparently I'll let you know but I don't
I don't touch in my chips who said that
- in my chips but we might be in the
park oh you got a call yesterday from
the the cork echo and I was like getting
me in like a cork paper so I may or may
not happen today like you said like all
I think I might do something tomorrow it
was kind of it was like the funnest
interview ever because I entered by 20
minutes we were talking about like call
of duty and the PlayStation it was like
at the exact too many words overflow
control-alt-delete hi Joe passes back
Erica's not a dumb-dumb that was a test
Erica he's trying to find out some
nitty-gritty information for you Eric is
starting a new activity but it is maybe
maybe starting a new activity but that's
that's like you got to keep you got a
subscribe rate and favor the video okay
how many how many likes and favorites
will you accept to tell your story 60
likes 60 no no okay okay she came back
there like like eight towers and
favorites probably favorites I think I
don't know if the likes does anything I
don't know I don't know if anyone could
leave me a message
sixty thousand likes and how many
favorites sixty sixty thousand likes and
six tears and favors and Erica will come
clean Erica will it will have a world
exclusive America's new activity we're
just going around a corner from I see
that okay the gate and you know we saw
beloved beauty tips
she's a YouTube guru she was at our
Meetup hi you're standing right there
right now oh that's really funny he's
like hey hey she didn't agree father is
like a huge crowd around her like what
are you gonna meet up did you not invite
me to your Meetup
Hugh Becker excuse me coming Joe coming
true have we not established I'm a
blogger so Jonathan's in the p.o box and
he is just coming out with some stuff
whoo-hoo that looks like a lot of stuff
actually there you go we're cool go
ahead and open stuff but I jiggly yeah
go on every day we drive past this thing
I'm always thinking like you guys need
to see this okay if you're not from Cork
that isn't isn't that the cleanest thing
there's always no the traffic and stuff
there it's not like the coolest thing
ever go okay so that's the golden angel
up there if you could see her and I'm
sure I've said this before on the vlogs
but when she blows her trumpet it's
supposed to be the end of the world the
apocalypse
yeah so you need to get out have you
heard probably like you know like in
northern rings when like Mordor collapse
or something or fall yeah would be
something really like creepy epic like
that yeah not like Daffy Duck sticks his
head at the phone book I missed happy
duck huh my friend from this is so cool
I'm gonna do a proper like video review
thing on it on my own channel but my
friend from primary school which is like
going way back like I was friends with
her when I was like younger than Erika I
mean if some friends there but you know
what I mean like we hung out together
and we were in school together when we
were like 12
and we were like best friends but I've
been think we were like friends and
early maybe 10 11 12 those kind of ages
but we became like best friends when we
were about 12 and now she lives in
Scotland and she has her own makeup line
she has her own boutique as well but her
makeup line is called Sarah G cosmetics
because a teen named Sarah T and she
just sent me some of her stuff try it
and it's so cool like it actually looks
really good doesn't it yeah trying to
show some of the stuff I'm gonna show it
on my own channel as my foundation
and teachers face primary oh that's cool
and there's an eye basis matter
yeah I'm looking forward to using that
it's got sunscreen in it and there's
some blushes as well shadow that's cool
I can't wait to review that so thank you
so much for watching
oh my god so we're just driving past
where Sarah I used to live I can't
remember which house that was or
anything but this is the law we visit my
muse name she used to live like around
here at camera ho which as it was
because we're really young but we can
pull over I'm not gonna everyone's door
but isn't that weird I was just talking
about her makeup line and then we're
like driving past where she used to live
it's really weird anyways um yeah
so if she's watching this just probably
really freaked out you were like like
holy all better Cup oh my god I'm going
to crash the car oh my god how did you
do how did you do that how did you do
that that's amazing
no freakin way oh that is the best thing
I have ever taught isn't oh my god oh my
gosh like what's that oh the pink and
the black
and it matches like with the pigs like
so cool that is the best thing in the
world ever
yeah it is so cool I like it doesn't
mean up I know I know I know oh man I'm
gonna drink out of that bad boy and it's
and it's and it's the cups that I like
I'm always like oh don't like certain
cups that's the copter like thin thingy
way too wide sort of bottom on it ah man
it's the best day ever
I see if I can check out the echo court
echo over here cuz I think just you know
select you the paper to see bike
actually see if the actual interviews in
it or not twenty people sort of crowded
around the place where the actual paper
was I couldn't actually saw end of just
actually buying it don't look for
everyone okay so I don't know if we're
in it or not because I was trying to
read it first but then I've had fifty
with old ladies we're all crowding
around talking the gossip and I was like
Oh fine I'll just buy it so buying
evening echo well let's have a look no
Cena is a crazy jogging I love the cops
I'm dining at home to sample sample
coffee when what coffee taste taste you
what do you think he's wearing today I
love this did you make this did you cut
that off like yeah yeah that's so cool
you know just like your sister a
fashionista
you're messing how did you make it oh my
god you made that easy
well maybe it's easy for you but it's
not easy for me oh yeah oh you made that
so amazing I mean you guys made snow
what have you done with your life so far
huh Aaron's got a new pet I Pat you
office I wasn't even attached to what
have you attached that to see you know
what are you doing not even gonna work
oh my god she made it by she's filthy
seen it what have you done to yourself
No No you're such a little adventure
aren't you
and I think so crows are gonna steal
what's that crazy right now
all right this is underwater yesterday
destroy something I mean this is like
underwater you know any crabs
you're you're a freakin liar oh my god
Erica is a freaking liar
I don't use any jellyfish here but you
might find it all critically crap smells
weird here check under the rocks for the
crabs that's what they hang out this
clean up that Beach scene is going to
eat the carpet what is it
seaweed this is white tea meat maybe
maybe it's gonna eventually turn into
dark soon
this puppy everyone gets it all crap huh
what's his name your hobby
forgive my name little crabby let's put
the crabby but see me down my bum
where'd it go did it go in would you
like some of this how'd you like on this
take us home
I'm any up almost went for that mine and
he's a smudge on the camera no it was
like Sonny about two seconds ago guys
put your hoods up everything will be
okay down down down down up around flip
them on then state no come on in here
stay stay stay stay
we need to get to the bigot water area
okay ready this is better this is better
this is better oh my goodness it's a
little bit better there's more
protection not really though okay let's
move on oh yeah this is good okay okay
come on guys
everything's gonna be okay
yeah oh it sounds like it's getting
heavier we could dig a hole and try and
make the way home yeah let's go okay
keep going
okay are you trying to get yourself
killed
what's a man oh my god there's so many
big drops that make it true there's like
huge big drops you're coming true from
up here yeah okay
we can do it we're almost there but
we're not really but uh we're almost out
of the forest and then it's gonna be
really difficult because they've got no
trees left okay and you guys want to
swing by here with your car and pick us
up I'll be like totally awesome we made
it back all right
but look the back door is open I know so
I put it up here trapper oh nice yeah
just mopping oh my god no up tonight up
stair really like really you or at least
actually James scene is kind of clean
too so he's like freaking out or
something I need some nom noms oh my God
look at it - Xena Cena sucks
Cena so uh Erica are downstairs doing a
blog post as far as I know and I am up
here with my friend Neos oh hello mr.
sunbae hello mr. sunbae sunbae
did you see the rainbow did you see the
rainbow I don't think he saw the rainbow
girl Cena sucks
good girl okay no need to yep all right
kukuku was this movie crew who's a
smiley smile Orson oh yeah any more
I finds the killer said I okay I was
really low
I don't know free care wants to show you
her freaky nails becquer becquer who
told you to do that
hey the thing about cotton guys don't
get away from you
no remember cotton ball right place
stinks oh don't Erica Oh Pete you know
I'm not above beating you
ready fire hi Erica
you
you
