you
good morning I'm adding to the dentist
teo again
oh yeah number I live in the dentist
these days I'm hoping I'm going to try
and convince her to I know
like she was saying before that she can
do this mole thing right and it was like
you know I was looking I like getting a
broken tooth fixed you know and then
she's like all right Bureau on and then
I was kind of looking at the Adhan
thinking like oh my god like wouldn't it
be totally awesome to get the adorne fix
too because it's like it's like
symmetric Vinglish like measured my
symmetry and my head or something handed
out and apparently draw the front either
like all off or something to the side
she was like oh you can you both room
problem is that that's twice the price
because that's like this one cause like
or donkeyness and in this one causes
redonkulous and then together they were
called with did lead on killers
I'm trying to pay for a freaking wedding
yo so we definitely don't have rigidly
donkeyness and funds at the moment so
it's kind of bad I was kind of like oh
man to be cool to get to them because
you get to them she moved on but if I
just get the one fixed it means that um
she'll fix it one but then if I ever
want to get you don't fix I'll have to
redo both of them you know I was like oh
what to do so I think I think I'm just
gonna have to say like just to get the
one fix Ramon because that was my main
issue you know is to try and get that
fixed and once I have that done like
maybe in it in a few months or something
like that you know you got is a pressed
paper a couple more times now I just get
to get it but you know I mean like it's
just maybe if you want to be in a better
position be after a wedding yo then
things might be a bit different but
until then I just can't I just kind of
like try that kind of when I don't have
that kind of money to be throwing yo all
right and I send you guys are dentists I
want to come by and perform a quick a
double crowning that'll be awesome but
unfortunately that's props not pops so
am yes I'm gonna go in there today I
don't know just so I'm gonna just plead
room like please Clooney
please miss Jayla won't you let my baby
go that is can you got it you know what
song that is that I don't know how that
popped into my head but that is like 10
points dupois if you can figure out what
they wear I would it's a film it's from
a film is it a musical it has a musical
edge to it it's quite old I'd say but uh
it's unique one
she's like baby go commenter's vino I
want the name of Phil Oh Phil a little
Erma you know I named it son's name
sounds probably please mr. Jana let's be
honest
so hopefully what's gonna happen here is
I'm gonna cut to me with like her
because she said that first part of
process is to like shave down to T's and
put on like a temporary one while I go
and make the actual crown so I was like
maybe then maybe I can convince her to
do that today cuz then it'd be kind of
like I have a white thing instead of a
papyrus at Irish King hey you you are
new to your I got a gangster pirate huh
what's up ho ho ho and a bottle of rum
dog condom or four quarter pound on this
morning ha ha hi my name is Joe Bosso
ha ha ha design temporary filling put at
it's pretty awesome that it's like what
you know and it's not like this is like
this is a silicone base or something up
the porcelains be made and will be like
am I like a week or something for them
to actually make it but at oh my
goodness like I know it looks harrow cuz
I'm like lots of stuff rent and all like
you know but uh isn't that so cool huh
what do you guys think like this is my I
got it done by the way smiles and more
you guys should totally check them out
just google it just check it out right
smiles and more complete dental surgery
as you totally check them out they're
totally awesome care call Claire dr.
Claire she's the girl that did it
awesome
totes tow
I'm so excited I'm so happy need to show
them off like what's that bad I need to
change all my profile pages need to
delete every photograph of me never
existed
I'm going to delete the last year videos
or replace tomorrow oh my goodness guys
what are they coincident goals and I
just tweeted their dance game is called
back unanswered because I was like I'm
we're doing some more shading test or
something I don't know how many you guys
are dental nurses or dentists people you
know you know what a shading test is
there's some shading cassio and yeah and
the phone lines good answers and it just
which like or the Daily Mail wants to a
photo shoot with us today and I was like
what you know I'm gonna be smiling an
average of like hi hi yeah yeah yeah I
think I talk like this all that on hi hi
I'm rokosz oh yeah yeah it's babies to
grow as any oh don't American experience
like guess what but I got American teeth
to go with my Americanism hi oh my
goodness I feel like so good and Claire
so cool like um I kind of told her no
but event like the daily vlog and stuff
you know cuz then I was kind of telling
her like you know it's it's a it's
rights more they like you know because
this is a cosmetic surgery type thing
you know it's not it's not em I helped
were later toward a thing you know and
she's good cuz she kind of understands
you know why I would want to get it done
and and she's saying that she loves that
the feeling of when she does that you
know they she sees like the small little
changes to how much that does you know
and she little Dan and I was like look I
can't afford you know to get both of
them done at all like you know
what can I do you know I just want to I
need something to do you know and she
was like awesome so she like she did
this one like a surprise but then like
we should even charge me and she went
and like shaved off some stuff here and
like shaved some stuff down here and I
was like come on man you're awesome
Claire I'm so happy you know it sounds
like I saved an I was like aw we can't
afford I'm gonna be like I'm gonna be
unhappy forever I going to be unhappy
forever I'm not happy I'm so happy I'm
so excited I'm so hungry I was never
like four hours of three hours of man
that was unexpected like full-on
expected of us
but let's get the let's get the party
started on a Saturday night
cus ping says guys what do you think of
that is no kitties do you like that
these teachers feel like that is
teachers huh riding on that any other
help me doc see you night babies to
tease doesn't even like that is 3000
photographers come and a half three guys
we need to make this we need to fix this
up we need to we need to do something
about this you know get could you just
like you know you know III think that I
think we get more views if you were to
just you know fix this up somehow yeah
that'd be great oh you never fix
yourself up alveoli get so concerned I
know he's a concern okay ah she doesn't
care he doesn't care doll again
pleased to meet you hey no bite sees
nobody ladies no bite sees what are we
gonna do in the photographer call me
I'll be is gonna bark at him like a
crazy man and he's gonna eat his feet
I'm gonna fight his toes what I'll be
boxing him that's the plan guys know
she's gonna be fine but he might need to
go in his crate for a little bit what
are the thing about at the top what the
kidney my photographer is it does not
matter if I be spiking you know it's a
video there's a noise no I know but I
would have liked to
both of em as well oh no it's Amy could
like a buy whole Valley he'll be quiet
if I pick I'll be off you'd be quiet
yeah you know that's with you plan let's
make some coffee guys I don't know if I
can express how emotionally I feel right
now if you like just running to the
house what what what this is plaguing me
since I was like seven years old and my
mother broke my feet but oh my God he's
so yeah oh hi hi hi hi anything I just
like okay I'm like hi how's it going hi
how are you hi yeah great oh yeah great
oh hi hi yes hi hi hi there here we got
a photo shoot today I'm gonna be I like
to them cash growing wait what it's the
best day of my life Ellie's inna
whatever your name is whoever you are
no in our big pack of dogs oh wow how
goodness I don't know I'm overcome with
joy let's put on no jumper you know look
good for the old press you know my
public awaits
and they're probably gonna be like oh
look she's a faker you ain't been put on
a jumper a jumper we're gonna take it
right because then I were like totally
things when at what point do you get to
have a writer because we were thinking
when a photographer ever wants to kumar
journalist ever wants to come and talk
to us they must bring a dog they must
bring a Bijan preferably male Bijan with
them that's what I'll be like cause he
is gonna bark like there is no tomorrow
when the photo man comes there
oh just wonder where I wanted it share
this with you guys cuz I think it's
really funny that obviously depressed
they won't know the difference but this
is a private joke we look at this look
how clean that is have you ever seen the
house cleaner and it's like look at
those spotlessly clean oh this is where
the magic happened mm-hmm that's what
I'd be going for if we don't want to
talk to my magical phone but that was
really funny because no one else forget
it you guys you guys know I'm messy that
usually is and now it's like completely
empty and clean I'm not gonna sit my
goodness so funny but don't tell anyone
okay let's keep that between you and me
who watches these videos anyway why are
you guys fighting shivering for why you
should bring Simons huh the man with the
click-click is coming but he's a nice
man with the kliklak Wow God okay haha
hey hey really at my place my name is
all talk I kind of wanted to get the
pictures though oh yeah
does everything and he's passed away huh
I wanted to put it back it looks like a
dislike for cross and the sudden it's
like no for the big girls latest yeah
making the rainbow treasure welcome
diamonds yeah go ahead
okay I'm a mass shooter for bitch
within the ice like and shots of both be
together and massive in order to have
yourself by yourself yeah she's gonna
she's gonna sell the papers I'm not
gonna sell the papers it's all closed
yeah yeah I don't they required for a
shot they used to be in photographs
you're calm down yeah it's just too many
people trim out all happen too fast like
can you Amazon's first people together
there and then once again coach sir prop
in here for notes it you there next yeah
already sauna it and what they don't
look manly and dominance that's good you
guys probably wondering why have I
decided here smiling with a flash going
up there's someone behind the camera not
me where you are as perfectly right
right what am I to somebody maybe sit
you over here that's great yeah I'm
gonna get some time we roll this is
Hollywood yo I've been so bold but he's
so cute so we can leave Medicaid hey hey
I think he's all pent up here come on
man's gone the man's gone Paul it oniy
not stick in bed Joe is gonna call man
rub your head he's gonna get you
medicine to make it all better cuz
that's what you're for does cuz he's got
brighter so the photographer is gone and
I'm going to head over to Mahoney OH
Mahoney 0.0 neo because the cervical
early cuz the pharma socios should be
upon us
should I take every word and then like
be stupid or something yes yes I do
that's the to pass away yeah so that was
kind of fun um I asked to know it's like
all can um send me on some of those
pictorials and he was like I think I can
sir I think I might just be able to do
that let's attach you to the old tripod
put you under trip hard there for a
second uh yeah cuz I'm gonna be like
yeah cuz normally like the pictures that
we have like either I take them or we
you know like or it's very difficult for
us to have like a high end pictures of
both of us so whoa you guys okay there
you sure tell you guys might have like
fell off the side of the world there you
guys reckon is the best thing to get for
hay fever is character the best leg
because one make sure we get like the
best team that's not gonna like you know
what
this is a matter of finding a tanis's
tired him but I was saying like - most
people must have evolved or something
and people aren't you like putting up
what hey pirata is the key fever stuff
if you are me free / stuff how would you
be definitely big here would you be cool
behind a desk so I got this generic
brand thing but apparently a.m. it's all
the same so I'm gonna see if that works
although yeah you can only buy it in the
pharmacy legacy why is that no because
it's not like you're standing in a
baking overdose or something huh I don't
know
that's Israel its sunshine allergy you
guys use that is it good so what do you
guys want for one for dinner tonight
Go Go it's inside of a
laughter or something but you know feel
free to chime in whenever you like if
you don't like what if you want I'll
make it for you are we gonna have some
tougher change pasta sauce new buy one
spicy one kind of spice path trooper for
your crazy dear spicy pasta sauce you
can have a spicy sauce that's just
foreplay I'm going completely soaked
this is not at one time
this is a wet time but plus just on
tomorrow Facebook um I own a berry share
hair sure here when your focus
okay does not appear to be playing ball
but anyway there we go
I take a look at this video right so I
was like hostess who is this person with
the music right guys this is amazing
right let me let me just just get back
to a way to kick in part she's just
scared volumize it hi this is the
channel here you guys a dot to subscribe
to her amazing
is such a beautiful voice I'm actually
gonna put a little annotation to the
channel here guys you gotta check that
out like she's amazing
oh so I was totally just I was not
expecting her in many life alright we've
got 45 minutes because we are going live
from a foster way I just tweeted I was
like yeah prosit you guys want a hands
up if you want a blog to you know like
I'll be the guy with the super awesome
teeth
hi hi welcome to blogeee TV just making
a little bit of this stuff first though
yum yum yum yum yum mmm put in her a
couple hours there and you guys got
ascension and call up the dead and I you
know Georgie Georgie
it's like Georgie's comin
you could play called a date you know
I'm talking about but Georgie Georgie
Romero ah I know you can kill him what
then you got the upgrader and it's like
it's such a large map and then the boxes
over the wrong side at the start and
you're all different light house and
then your download zip' yard and you're
going over and you get the box you get
the weapon and you're shooting people
and you're trying to revive your friend
you shoot George by mistake and George's
car after you've no time to do that
stuff and if you don't play Call of Duty
you're probably thinking what is this
guy talking about and is he friends with
George Romero
no I'm not but he's in the new black ops
map acne
you can be my lucky star huh huh
breathing avi1 go peepees go peepees you
go peepees go pee pee pee pee pee go
peepees gonna compete face you people
gonna go pee pee can you get no enemy
you need a crazy horse yeah crazy horse
yeah hmm my lovely Maltese running to
the oh hi guys were anything last year
unless your last year was it wondering
when I get this thing is it Christmas
time or something I saw like when they
closed it to the beach body oh just in
case you guys haven't noticed I'm pretty
much have the beach body you just wait
you just wait for a sunny enough day on
a beach
I'll show you I will show you how I roll
yo it just hasn't been hot enough but at
you know man
hey I got the blinkers I got the
flingers I got the dinners all I need is
the cleaners no no there hello it's me
it's Papa Papa Raptor when's a unit on
me all day
these pepper is the biggest paper I've
ever seen in my life
in this tomato oh my goodness it is
shoot its Tommy oh man that's the kind
of thing that we're like journalists and
so if we're talking us they're like yeah
what it was like yeah but I notice that
you and you sometimes like speak German
or you use different voices and stuff
are you trying to communicate like we do
with different dad you know groups and
stuff I was like no it's like okay and
why why would you sing a song when
you're slicing a bagel um why do you do
these different things like I don't know
I don't know don't ask question where we
supposed to say me doesn't everybody do
things than I do
my inner idiot sometimes I always come
up and actually check who's actually
come in early to look mm-hmm mm-hmm
the usual gang the usual gang usual gang
uh sir let me just let me just say to me
look because you guys are awesome in
here daddy you just got on the vlog it
is boom oh they're the gang they're the
cool kids the cool dudes yo ha ha
let me just make this a guests can touch
- yeah you guys are awesome awesome
yeah what's really really freaky you
guys likes of them hey this whole thing
just like crushed down there oh yeah
hello hello hello hello
no I forgot we can't fix uh-huh right
let's get some frickin nom noms we
drench to a parmesan because that's how
I roll they say come to cold air into a
meet-up wait a second we're on blogtv al
Jaden there's nails
Jaden right there you guys should check
out her YouTube channel
I think it's Elle Jaden she's awesome
she's smiling as you all know the hazing
hos have started the hazing hos have
started hey oh hey come on give me some
more hairs and give us some more hos and
don't forget the you guys oh oh oh oh
she forgot she good to quit you forget
the Twitter what he's been doing she can
even tweet it okay okay here's the
here's the chick right who can say you
guys backwards first who can say you
guys backwards first ah Oh a beer Barbie
thing means we have a winner
what next time I am in your area cuz
freaky enough I know the kind of area
that you live in
you're getting a you guys t-shirt you
see that t-shirt over there you've just
won one of them you just want
it's just like that that's just what
happens where you abroad TV last night
did you have the time of your life
