somebody once say there aren't supposed
to get five minutes why do people keep
calling
what a week guys oh my goodness and it
just keeps like every day I think my god
it's probably going to fizzle out now
you know and then this morning somewhat
we were like why are you heading over
there right now check it out I'm so pain
like that United name oh my god but I
can't get I can't stop saying like I
said no no no it's none of this
attention which would even exist if it
was not for you guys and the way I look
at it it's like yeah oh hello yes
noise yeah that works so it looks like
test Archie don't carry their daily mail
they only have the Irish bit in the mail
that sucks but let me get some sausages
so I just checked in
jayson's which is like the biggest kind
of news agents book bookshop thanks here
and they didn't have the Daily Mail I
think it's like it's not the Irish Daily
Mail
but now we're going to Idaho not Idaho
Oh some test statistic laughter thing
you know I've been so good turnouts
internship mess after it's a mess coffee
hmm we've been doing a house planner we
try to Colombian one okay so we're not
actually going to I focus my most out of
it doesn't like the square table she
only likes the round table so now we're
going to do you remember last year
Eric's headed that cookery course in
Brendan's yeah anyways if you just go
back and watch likes and here you'll see
but now she's gonna do the same thing so
we're just going to go there and
actually I'm not that but yeah she's
gonna do the same thing how you excited
to do it
there was a really funny little boy in
her class last time and what did he do
yeah we're doing right now and it's
Oliver Plunkett Street yeah I know
Idaho happens really nice blog and I
thought it was really funny how when I
was on Newstalk and before I leave in
comments like well blow Faso
intellectual ending or something like I
thought it would be funny because it did
turn into like more of an intellectual
to defense of the actual blog duties
rather than the 2fm one which I haven't
uploaded yet I'll probably upload if I
have uploaded it by now I'll put a link
to it here right this one unfortunately
there was no video on that one because
well I can't I'm not I'm not super smart
all the time
okay I didn't know that was like I was
talking to Anna and the phone rings like
so it was like are you a to the life in
a radio I was like yes I was like no
what I like trying to tweet at the day
another
so Ellis gelatin very well where is that
the news talk guys like I will called
you at 20 past to be ready
I was ready so that's just them that's
just an audio it's like an audio fire we
can listen to the actual radio interview
but um it's funny because that one's
just more fun Z's act I kind of like I
know he's more fun Z about it you know
but this is more like I'm telling me
about tell me about her why why you're
ridiculous why are you ridiculous you
know and I kind of have to defend myself
a bit more but it's just one of those
people like what you're so articulate
just it's like yeah like he's a theater
psyched I'm I'm having a talk with my
friends here goodness sake you oh but
yeah I just I do I do have a serious
side but I desire don't we don't need
that all the time you know we don't need
all that much I was funny I don't ever
bring it up because I'm editing it now
yo yo ho ho and a bottle of rum Cena's
running off with a Domino's box I think
she really wants that pizza Cena what
are you doing with Domino's Pizza Pizza
box it's empty yo hmm
Cena was having a bit of sloppy poop who
is the other day so we had to Domino
pizza boxes recycling man they were
clean there's not food or anything on
them so I decided to put them in the
carpeted area in case she had sloppy poo
poos at my time and it worked
one of them's gone it wasn't that sloppy
poop was on it this one here appears to
be ravaged lean we have a ravaging time
are we ravaging the Domino's Pizza it
should be the advert aminals Pizza
Domino's Pizza enjoys buy jobs worldwide
and then you're gonna get that cheetah
loves you no matter sir brain whirling
oh she always does that she knows that
you know the know the hole that you get
but he put like the little sauce he
think she knows that that's the best
that's the best like parts to get in
that you know
that's it right there
no are we excited huh okay sad you got
to get to brush a little oh it's a bit
messy but you gotta get the thing a
little trimmer but that is done it is
time for a trim yo yeah who wants to go
first who wants to go first okay well
you're already on the chair so I guess
you're going first
that's just how that works yo that's
just how that works
yo now we need some tunes we need some
muzie guy I'm Uzi got you're gonna watch
best CD ever created and in fact I think
it's not from cd2 because you got CD one
on for quite some time and I think it's
I think it's time to evolve - CD - what
do you think
near accounts the punch
what you do that this is do it what you
get
what is that waffles with bacon and I
got expect fat Pinot
I want a song that's going to make me
feel relaxed I want a song that's going
to make me feel a rash and wildflowers
hula relish singing wildflowers in Grand
commas which like that kind of luxury
they're having a 50% on sale on some of
their items so we went over to Paul's
boutique because Erica likes this a lot
don't you okay they have some cute stuff
the shorts are cute
do you like their clothes more or their
oh yeah let's kind of
should I show you what I like Oh
actually this is do you like this
would you like this Erica
this I think it might be nice so on like
speech or something no
okay
these are Ken
yeah I think one of the girls that came
to our meetups had a call of duty 5 yeah
the Dublin would be so
oh yeah it's kind of like it's like
Ralph Lauren erson yeah the velour
tracksuits
oh yeah we're at you support do you not
like them they're good for travelling in
stuff like on the
fine if you can find something it's 50%
off
that's cute Eric a zero yeah but it's
important you get it for 40 not really
Jason how much should that be pretty
fires I think I'll pick things up this
is a small people are gonna start
wrapping stuff so pick just carry it
with you and what about this do you like
this don't you like the Blazer so now
we're going to a crime line for pennies
because Erica wants to get some things
that's not a ton of basics in homework
or pennies and
yeah
because I wanted to see
skitty
yes
remember we were in here when we bought
your goodness Eric Nam
I don't want to go upstairs yet
they're really nice
did you know that I just I just groomed
the dog I'm like completely covered
she's such a Z factor I've got
half of her done
she's just a bit antsy at the moment so
I I'm not able to get the rest of her
done because around ahead she needs to
bloke really can be quiet but she's not
mom she's all like auntie Patsy but as
you can see I did get the whole pool
bomb issue should be cleaned up so least
so you know how that girl
Jana except us all those German sweets
and she sent us the fresh berries Erica
just got the English version
there whenever merci merci - yeah they
have different flavors new stuff and
then my mom is dead another paper but we
turned I got a text we danced and we
turn to get
yes
only that the toilet a the amount so I
can't a fella I think we can probably
see it online and I've walked the team
my mom
you could show it if you won in the car
Oh Eric looks wicked
do you love your person takes your Fred
Burkle look Erica made me carry Penny's
bag and she's carrying the brand Thomas
bag actually progressed XenApp off like
just fighting to win spot wait as hide
is just in like it's so beautiful no we
had like a canoe on the boat or
something you just like drop in there
and head over there it's like see true
good I love steal see true order it's my
favorite kind of water what's your
favorite kind of water do you like muddy
water or sea true water articulo sea
water it's kind of spooky you know boat
it's like dark and you're like what's in
there I remember when I was a kid I was
going to Shannon which is them in
Ireland and we are Pike vision and this
Pike we can't apply put it drop the
monster boat and
I fell in love with a little Dijon so
much we walked a long way he likes
missing you like Daisy
my brother's dog Scooby who's a boy
that's good they spent all day long like
looking each other or something and that
was a boy dog and I was going crazy for
and seen those like like nobody wants to
play with the girl but yes they were in
love with the world it was fast and it's
quick you know they fell in love they
chased around and run around they sniff
things together and then alas that the
part ways I'm sorry you happy
maybe you'll meet each other again come
on my god I'm starving
were you on Facebook yesterday are you
here because I went on the online thing
and then these things are filling up
with people's names and stuff but I was
like chatting online and Facebook is
she's not having it 99%
this is what happens here 100% 99% it's
there like four or five times Dave I'm
like good then I was like I said on
Twitter I was like tweeting away and I
go please just a fast enough right now
because everyone's no one's on Twitter
right now and I was like hey many people
are in the past book so I turned out a
facebook chat and it was like I was like
oh yeah so it turns out the reason I
couldn't find it in
the Daily Mail because it was the Daily
Mirror
that's why somebody am somebody i think
tweeted or facebook and a picture of the
article thing so I'm gonna go and see if
I can get that yo because I want to see
what they said about your fast so that
they represent your passport in a
professional manner - I think I did a
burial hello it'll be cutsies
lb could you make the upload work please
I really appreciate it if you made the
upload work the causative has to be a
bunch 99% for like about seven billion
years now oh seven billion in one seven
billion and to seven billion and three
poor little and I got hay fever yo she's
hiding under here somewhere
his there excuse me can we get a comment
on a saucony
about your your alleged P fever mm-hmm
if you are if you weren't added oh my
goodness you're avid show watcher you'll
know that this time last year I also
went on a mission to get hay fever not
sure this defines his mission but so
what am I supposed to get but what's the
best thing for hay fever well I guess
you could tell me all right
clarity or something do little puppies
help oh I'm sorry Xena doesn't help you
feel like pool just gonna lick your ear
then out I make it better there we go
make it all better oh god this thing I
have so much to do and I don't have time
for just messing about oh we gonna let
the bloggers love it okay right
for the stairs there anyway after Tesco
we go today why mine only loads and
stuff
I am the only cowboy what I was getting
here something have fun I said Carl
again just run it that's how it happens
you never remember the name those things
well I found the right paper federalism
that it was in look it's actually the
mirror
well thanks to laughs you guys who
actually tweeted me I'm sure your little
names but uh it's actually claritin
that's what I'm looking for not whatever
else I was thinking in my head so all
right then
yeah sliotar
it's clarified something you can only
get in a pharmacy or something the boys
is not really available
it's like everyone suffer from hay fever
and this is hay fever season which not
really very can I just not see it or
something like that
seriously I've walked down like four
five I can actually see this stuff I
can't go home with nothing I was like
either burning up there anything else I
can use ascetic life I want to speak to
mr. Teske I have administered the
eyedrops to Nina but that's all she's
getting she's definitely not getting all
right have a look for the arctic Olli
that's a Kohli
mmm-hmm four pictures a day is nothing
has to go
is that a screenshot where'd you get
that picture phone that's crazy
you spelled my name wrong oh I do not
have a H in the middle of my name on the
YouTube lovebirds were set to tie
tonight in September met in April 2007
whether in court collagen Corp and got
engaged last year but instead of going
about their daily business in private
they decided to share it with the rest
of the world what Jonathan gushed on an
average day I wake up and have breakfast
I might even want the dog oh this seems
like a trilling show when you're on
autopilot you're doing normal things in
the back of your mind is your inner
voice it's same songs and age you mean
about stuff I'd like to express myself
and I'm not my inner idiot to come out
he told the column hey those people are
moving away from television media is
progressing and evolving into
non-aligned platform people are looking
to be more interactive and you can
interact with us on Facebook and Twitter
mom I already started an Irish couple
have become internet sensations and
globally famous by uploading your daily
lives on YouTube well there's a there's
a headline
sensations - sensation Oh
woman and as a woman in case you missed
that poor woman and sakuni
curse spelled correctly and their
fiancee Jonathan and Jolin hold on a
second if you can get the Jonathan
correct here then how did you get the
Jonathan misspells down there all right
Fred
grand finale of the couples hmm
Oh guys apparently our wedding is the
grand finale oh well we'll see you guys
then
the Irish lovers both 23 celebrated a
year of their lives when she treat you
they I'm 23 years old
I like turning one which is almost
backwards for them I'll take it 23 yes
they're serious as cannolis has
attracted me the vows of my graduate
college I probably the worst time
everyone's trying to look away doing
something innovative interesting in
Korea a dove so I was thinking about the
best way to get an interactive spot for
people I talk a lot I don't know but I
didn't think about filming the point
media people yeah that's bringing up
that evening she gets up alarm alarm at
the floor today I have decided to cook a
very rare treat a very delight
delectable treat I'm getting the finest
freshest potatoes gently sliced cooked
so thinly and Vine Lee and then gently
oven cook the marinated is a beautiful
texture Oh electricity and then I'm
gonna follow that armed by a very tender
freshly free-range unisza quoi chicken
and I'm gonna make it a quarter of a
pound each of the finest chicken gently
chick gently touched with something like
breadcrumbs and we're just slowly roast
that in an oven
Dantley prepared Dalek
ah I'm also gonna get some straight cut
fries and stick on a quarter pounder and
stick them in the oven
boom oh my choppers farm and I'm that
farm there wasn't Maltese what what
Wolfie goes I'm gonna be so coop you
just walk right oh my god so girl okay
that make up very well
leave a comment and like the video if
you just went ei EIO at the same time as
me because if some things open like
Donald have apart you can't help
yourself matter how grumpy you are like
sitting there like
