well what a year to has been thus far as
we say you guys check out it the Herald
the Metro Herald what that was so cool e
oh man it was so cool and then I get a
call from like to FM which is like the
in the national broadcaster like oh
which one I go to radio and then II an
email for like news talk just like the
business intelligent network
I think that's national as well like
it's like what you're asking why like
all of a sudden it's so funny I love the
you mindset is like you know you've
probably never heard of them but it's
like whoa Harlan knows who we are
we have a role this is the most
ridiculous craziest day of my life like
yesterday you know it was like we went
to spin a familes like oh my god that's
like so cool spin one of side spin of
him spin 103.8 I think there is a
station called spin FM which is
different to spin 103 age so I guess
they were on there and I was like oh my
god it's crazy and then there's like an
interview with some other guy and then
it was like on like when a big newspaper
this morning lots of you were texting a
call and then I get a call from like to
FM which is like a big national radio
station in Ireland like if they want me
to come on see what I can interview on
right awesome I can any get a call for
like news talk which is like another big
national radio station it's like what
the hell
saying like this is crazy and I was like
all of a sudden Irish media what I just
YouTube all about anyway here it's like
what this is like insane this is crazy
I just I don't like so emotionally
overwhelmed like our little our little
idea and I want to do so much more with
this show and I've been limited so more
and this is like finally it's like this
could finally give us that little extra
that we needed to be able to do this
like full of em and do it all the time
making better shows and bigger shows and
bring you guys on traveling tour
Ireland and he's some really cool stuff
and you know what I just want to point
out though that I am fully aware and I
just want to say thank you to every
single person that has subscribed rated
comedy favorited follow me on twitter
like my facebook page Adam E is a friend
of mine Facebook thing the same with
Anna the stylize the eye Joe fester your
awesome show I'll be and seeing like
everything everyone has ever
participated in anything to do with our
shows guys you mean everything to me and
I don't want anyone thinking like oh no
don't look it's get enormous prism so if
it's probably going to change you know
like abs like I'm spin up and they ask
me like thanks Ben uh-huh right do you
guys want to be like actors or something
it was like yeah sure I can act I can
either be Jonathan or Joe ffice so
unless unless the script calls for one
of those guys it's like no I want to be
me like this is it like we're taking a
medium yo it's time to move over
writer as a fee I'm like yeah come on
man it's like the time for the new
platform to youtubers you know the you
guys whoo
making our own entertainment and it's
all you guys it's like every single one
of you guys I love you out of I kicking
you some like ginormous global hug or
something oh that was that for you I
love you guys I love you from the bottom
of my heart like this is amazing this is
like this is like you know world when
these two days like all these phones
awesome these emails up I'm just like
what what the hell just what the hell
they would still enjoy Faso you know oh
wow I don't even know what to say I'm
just I'm overwhelmed you know it's
Hosanna and I mean Xena out I don't know
I don't even know if they care it was
like yeah whatever with minimums give
him a number to give him a walkies and
everything else I don't give no crap
about but I love you guys thank you so
much would you like some nom nom nom nom
nom art mmm I decided to go for the holy
and Sully
whoa the chicken curry of who can say
that it is a tasty treat made in Cork
totes totally awesome so you can we get
a drink or so uh sorry guys I don't need
to do international shipping but you can
make your own
uh-huh
now unless okona and janja jonathan
jolly about strangers peer under
personal life at more than two million
times from their home in court they
posted daily episodes of their existence
on YouTube in a year later people all
over the world are avid fans and
jonathan is on the line of afternoon
jonathan oh not too bad
why did you decide to do this in the
first instance was it a case of not
having much else to do well kind of like
you ain't looking at it they're dead
intellectual thought process that is
behind it and then there is the more fun
z way as I would put it the simpler way
is explaining that you're just making a
show about your life Chum wants the
intellectual process behind us well when
I when I graduated University I went
over UK inform it and I was looking at
you know we're we're like you know
media's going what's the next platform
what's happening cuz here are you work
at you you only want to be an innovator
your learner guys up the next idea so I
wanted to look at what we're doing what
they were looking at where is he where
is people's attention and I kind of
thought that a lot of the rewards for
digital media so lenient animation and I
put our thought processes creating
really high-end digital media using some
merit oh you need cognitive information
that would develop a person inside you
know addicted emotional responses after
spending about eight or nine months in
developing a very high instance
animations to addicted emotional
response get actually sales we found
that people were not able to connect
with like polygon objects or something
that was not you know emotionally or
human okay so the obvious option was to
go in the entire scale of that which is
the house a show a better person is just
doing this very very you know the
systems that you do when you're not
doing things things you do when you're
not being a professional being that you
know
portraying yourself in this way you know
like making breakfast you know system
very simple mundane things and I found
that through doing that people
interacted people found relations people
found that they
I then finally the things I was doing
and you know obviously there's a lot of
it educated based you know like when
your awareness when I'm doing things I
can't see I don't know why but this
idiot in my head that's in a musical or
something you know and every time I do
something you know I own you know censor
easy yeah the idiot in your head per day
and then this was like fun censoring it
you know just let him say it happen
letting me just express myself with no
worry about you know what society might
think what people in church you want I'm
just saying how people would you know
how people would engage something so on
it like that and it ends at 365 days
later people like that I'm assigned
something every day it is it like an
episode from yourself a Nana's life and
it's very mundane things like as you say
make it breakfast senses so how long for
how many hours a day would you film
yourselves tell me what would be from
when I get up to allow maybe nine
o'clock guys dollars and you're not like
filming all that em at the start of
course do you know for the first
episodes you can probably see where you
know you're filming things you know you
weren't confident and you didn't really
know what was going on and then it
develops and a part of the development
process is the actual interaction that I
was getting from what I call it you guys
which is the community and they say am
prepare you put in a comment they H we
say baseball gets a become part of this
community this family this you know the
place you know roller coaster that
you're you're going on and they're like
joining in and they're like populum your
life experience and I just I just want
to dwell on the technical aspects of
this you film yourself up for two or
three hours in the morning I'm just me
editor's then you have to upload
everything all day by putting better map
by Larry that's a lot of work a lot of
work do you have a job yeah coiler it
slowly progressing to being able to do
it as like a boat line thing okay so can
you make money from this yeah well it's
how I do boy dancers question and if one
of the things that when waves RPG town
if you recall in popular okay you get a
certain many years of so many
subscribers and YouTube will contact you
and off to your partnership a
you apply for something they come to you
and at that point they will give you a
percentage of the revenue generated from
the advertising right these students to
make it you get the more than water
percentages but you also have to find a
very strict non-disclosure agreement
about revenue in comments but by that
because it's different every country you
know you know so you know you're kind of
constant intensity don't want you I'm
I'm a content provider
my job is create content to put in that
platform and generate interest and
Detroit traffic to that platform and
their job to do the business and now
that you've been doing this for a year
and you're making some income from us it
is there a pressure on yourself an
energy kind of because we all have long
periods in our life forward just
absolutely bordered our minds and we're
boring what do you do then yeah I think
that you know that's part of the show
we're making the boring interesting and
what I find going different am so mean
so Monday as I'm putting my bread I
guess I'm making a little song if you if
it's like the private time the time if
you have when you're on your own and you
know your your subconscious is talking
away to you I'm further point sensing my
subconscious to allow other people to
know that when they do certain things
it's okay to be displaced not foolish in
a sense of owning on a fool but it's
entertaining right I so are you acting
as yourself or I mean if someone were to
meet you in the poem would you be a
different person to the person that you
are when you might be here and in the
pub I assume you're filtering your
consciousness when you're when you're in
front of camera then you a different
person which are self consciousness hang
an edge I think that um have you afraid
that we were we were on and some
recently announced in a question you
know in this progressive becoming actors
in which you want to see life is doing
no a job in like me here from the Amana
I just said no this is not a show where
put onto some script is known for
nothing I'm Johnson or as the guys home
is dopest as a third of that name on it
and that's who I am I'm like and when
you meet up where we meet over and
subscribers all the time and they get to
interact with us on a new life and they
see a whimper exactly who we are anyone
that knows me in the real world would
know that this is exactly how you
portray us up because this is like this
emergence media this is this is where
things are progressing towards where
someone like was kin young characters
and cameras you know when enough know
how to produce high-end media and can
you scope to G's a year of shows and
generate an audience and check user
participation and also just doing it
ourselves and if you want to incorporate
any falses if you are descriptive if you
with it at all
people would not respond to get that but
in what started and now where they're
looking at the greeting if you do really
well they wouldn't know you description
it would be thinking what I think they
would he is sad and elusive the mixes of
how you're acting when I'm talking about
something how your your mind can jump
from one conversations in an accent and
now you have you are you can tell if
somebody is being sauce because you
could not for 365 days a flame in a
state of what we do like you live shows
delete certain videos a week
butter channel and Adam channels of
lightly dose is so much like you don't
put the Twitter and the Facebook and
there a Facebook page you know there's
so much that they get from you that
people would know if you're nothing real
Johnson thanks very much for talking to
us today
Johnson you can find them on YouTube
here's time with the music
okay Cox and Xena dr. Georgia and you
know be okay oh my copies hi guys
I just have a really big secret to tell
you hello hello Alvey how are you today
all the cooks
oh she's got it oh she's got it I'm
gonna fire I'm your guy enjoy a fire oh
yeah oh yeah oh yeah what's the plan
Stan
was the radish I'm what's the family oh
that's a pansy
Xena that is my microphone give me my
microphone huh Oh what are you doing are
you Oh kisses for daddy what huh
guys what did you think of my interview
on Today FM not today of him let's have
a cool right Paulie call me ray Foley
ray I love the show why did he not call
me what you think on Newstalk new CEO
new Zolo talk I want to show you this am
I'm doing a new thing and you give away
guys and I want to take give away add
hey hey no you're supposed to wait you
supposed to wait how did you get in
there go on oh dude oh I'm sorry I won't
let antagonize you anymore you may sit
there you really liked his Oleg seems
like karna get it I want to get in if
you got in you eat everything and you
drag the place that's what you do so you
guys ever get a you guys t-shirt and you
think smells a little like doggy that's
why I'll be was sitting on it keeping it
warm posting it up the column hates
shown unto FN yeah Tara wouldn't scream
that because she didn't want the world
to see our to hear her screaming and
then she'd be quite embarrassed so what
about if you did want the whole world to
see you living your life every single
day kind of like The Truman Show only in
this case you know all about there's an
Irish couple have been doing that just
for the last 12 months every single day
they videoed
edited and uploaded their lives on
YouTube for everyone to see and one half
of Ireland's most watched couple is on
the line now
it's Jonathan the higher Jonathan Grisi
oh you're over here Jonathan over here
I'm glad I'm red why are you doing this
why am I doing this I suppose that's the
question if you've been asking me in the
last few days and I think the best way
to somewhere up is that right when I
graduated college okay a graduated
probably at the worst time ever as
everyone kind of knows now yeah yeah and
I was trying to look in a way where I
could like do something innovative do
something unique and interesting and
still be working creative media and I've
done a lot of research and put a lot of
thought into doing projects that were
really high-end media a lot of taught
scripted you know deep narratives and
and people just want responding as well
you know people found it very empty in
the characters narratives and forms and
said what is the most what is the best
way to get an interactive response from
people and I started doing an experiment
I did this and I thought what am I just
doing the boring stuff the stuff that
like is you know the stuff that happens
while coming here breakfast yeah having
your breakfast came for the parking
ticket
very simple media thing but at the same
time being slightly entertaining about
it mmm and people responded but how do
you film everything all day do you have
cameras fill it to your head or
something yeah I think I'm a percolate
mic that they probably would but like I
saw the camera that comes around at an
angle and then films just straight into
your face or howdy-howdy cuz I've seen
someone how do you constantly have you
got a film person with you a camera man
no no it's just me
I've worked in digital media for a long
time so I doesn't you can train yourself
have a steady hand I don't know to count
the cameras that we use and we have two
of the exact same and camera therefore
HD like cameras and yet we just hold
them out right for in front of you and
yeah just there long enough now how is
this this is you and your fiance as well
yeah Anna
so how's Anna about this did you have to
convince her that we're going to put our
life on you
we should happy first uh well I was
already on YouTube before I came along
some of you met her and no no no I met
her in air when I went to university in
course okay and what was she doing on
YouTube and I was channel called the
style ID and her channel am has about at
that 8 10 million views and has about
6070 thousand subscribers like she's
like the number one channel an artist
but no one knows who she tuned it's um
hair makeup makeup tutorials fashion I'm
how to dress to your body shape she also
wrote a book and it's all about teens
and has to like dress themselves and you
know this is something that a lot of
people probably aren't aware of is to
move towards as the way media is
developing doing media is progressing
and evolving into the online platform
moving away from you know the idea of
television and people are looking for
that more of an interactive and then you
can get the television mixed with
Twitter and then you can live tweet
while watching a show yeah we provide is
a show where you can directly interact
with us either Facebook on Twitter or
comment on the video and we do live
shows twice a week where you can
directly interact with us on a live
forum and we do meetups and other sort
of interactive events so how many how
many people are watching you how many
hits have you heard it was 2 million to
vision yeah too many people watching
makeup every day
I'm bagels life Wow The Late Late
audience gets in what 700,000 but you
got 2 million so that's probably the
most viewed sort of team let's say media
show in Ireland well that's that's the
funny the funny thing about is because
you know we get a lot of press from us
from UK from around Europe and stuff and
you know over the last year as it's been
progressing we've always said like in
his funny health no one in Ireland seems
to know that was doing this in Ireland
but he started we started this we're
living in Turkey and we film about a
hundred days every day around Dublin
don't even noticed yeah and then we came
here and was going to nurse 250 so days
here and I worked through a year and
it's like you know what even knows that
you're doing this this is the politics
of more was
about YouTube when we all go on to
YouTube we watch Mikey bitin his
brother's finger or whatever and I got
27 billion people watching Wendy
actually start making money on YouTube
well what you would do if you generate
enough interest or you are a good
content creator right and you're drawing
an audience to their site there were a
few something called a partnership and a
YouTube partnership means that you can
be involved in like the advertising but
one thing you do have to do is you have
to find it on the storage agreement so
they kind of stop you from talking about
it you know they said what sort of
though they stay they stop you from
talking about on the media about what
you can actually earn well any element
of actual remission side or thing you
don't really want people discussing it
because oh well I'm not sure it's
different for every country and you know
they just want you to be a content
creator and they look after the business
can you make a healthy living over there
there is there's some people and us
you'd be on Forbes magazine's people in
New York Times to a poor man big numbers
so when do you I mean do we see you now
I don't mean the nasty are the the
whatever do we see a fighting do we see
is in bad do we see a naked well we are
we are we are normal couple right yeah
we fight because everyone does and I
just don't think in it of a fight if I
took at a camera and said hold on Anna
can you just just wait like this to
press record here until December I can
see the voice well part of part of the
show we look at you know what what
YouTube want what our platform once you
know one side of me is and being being
on you know the show being like Joe
forces they know me and we are talking
about you guys be like funny and stuff
at either side of me is the producer
side the other side one that came up
with this concept and looks at you know
the platform and the integration
progression of modern media and how we
can how we can take this platform and
move forward and innovate Irish mediums
looking at this as their actual
legitimate source of entertainment well
I mean to tell me the entertainment
because let's say you put 20 to 40
minutes of footage a day so what are you
are you filming this
and yeah this is this would be on
tomorrow's yo hi America
yeah and so what what am I seeing within
the 20 minutes um I seen you just as you
saying walking the dog having breakers
did I think an average day okay so
yesterday was our 365th video so yes
there was a 42 minute long sort of look
back over the year yeah so on an average
day you'd have to go back a couple of
days to get an average day and yeah I
wake up I have breakfast that might walk
dogs you know but it's you know what you
know when you're when you're on
autopilot and we're doing all those
things in the back of your mind you have
a little voice and the little voice is
singing songs or he's daydreaming about
self and what I try and do is that I
like express myself I allow that inner
idiot to come out and you know make up
songs every time I do something people
people can see it
tell me where people can watch this
inner idiots know what's your what's
your youtube dress you can go to
youtube.com forward slash loop TV le FL
oo f TV okay or you can just Google that
Ciccone Jolie's alright and we'll put a
link up on our website as well and let
people there watch you and maybe get you
a couple more million listen lovely
talking to Jonathan you do bye bye take
care of yourself Bubba now if you
actually google that you'll see the web
series you'll see that hosted on YouTube
look at it tight it tight is like super
and today guys look yeah I don't want it
like right there you look really pretty
I look like a freak
we're very nautical nautical
I like coding myself from that episode
that Jonah oh my god it was inaudible
this is like my manwich
get into waves look at it like
completely submerge placed a guy right
in look it's just like completely
submerge if you're not quite there
where's your man is he hiding or
something various guys
all righty
she's so funny with a lot of things now
let's get this on
did somebody say something about a
midnight adventure Oh Nina had a nice
news she did I didn't know I read books
and read books before tweet alert but
chicken he's not a little bit chicken
nut know what you taking it
there's two pieces of chicken left yeah
you have to to try love me the chicken
for lunch
I don't know I think we left in your mom
says I don't remember taking it
uh-oh it's raining sideways it's like
it's like the water is just like
hovering you know it's not very pleasant
do you find it Pleasant no no so it
decided to get a task out just for a
change
oh yeah maybe you should make a cage
that see ho ho ho I'm actually did
change the Canes under-seat then I have
to change you guys t-shirts back to the
sea it would be it would be seesaw let's
go face rain trunk come on explain my
bacon slice it's a super slicer
you guys got super slicers the supersize
are better than a bag of fries
it's right like to know
strawberries
murmurs you just get num-num for now
for looking for some numbers I tried saw
some numbness some numbers in mind
functions but variety l.joe
but need to move for I'm talking to
myself I'm not talking to myself talking
to you guys
are you thinking
I want you
forever and ever I'm being all Rosemont
akin tesco that's how I roll guys
Oh to the face okay what the hell is
that that is so cool little warnings and
reporting cactus it's so cool you guys
got any warning cactuses this special
offal and see sometimes if you look
further enough now if Union this for a
few days now I think they're definitely
definitely all gone at this edge they're
all down to special offerings which we
all gone $1.99 for too I suppose it's
the same price in them Waterhouse in
here
Oh is he Oh see that I was in Percy for
the blood of my soul yeah she's a
vicious monstrosity
she's a monstrosity Cooper uh-uh
now what you gonna do with the fetal
position set up luggages yeah I think so
it looks pretty tall you see anybody
talk uh-huh oh yeah mm-hmm
oh yeah oh yeah mm-hmm
half-price Milano's pizzas yo check it
out Oh
ah half the price twice the nice kind of
rhymes and that's kind of awaited guys
have you ever seen office space um I'm
gonna go ahead and get you to coming on
Saturday
yeah I was like uh yeah game if they
blur you be thinking with a beggining
and gonna bring the head back but I was
joking my sis's and we're talking about
having a flair and self at and then I
was like what are you doing man I was
like office space that you receive
office feels like you get to watch
office space so uh I got to yo and we
are gonna check that bad boy out do have
not seen office space go on to the
YouTube sticking off his face watch a
couple of like snippets that they have
there and convince yourself to watch it
because it is so funny seriously I would
not lie to you I would never liked you I
would never ever lie to you can you guys
tell which side is mine and which side
is honest um I'm not sure anything gives
it away so this is like one side and
this is the other side do you guys think
which side is honest and which others
find a or B this is B this is a leave
your comments if you think as a tiny
stands are not like it's that too
obvious I don't know
