hey you guys were still here what's this
366 days holy polio all right you guys
want to keep going the route I have to
like and favorite every video yes kid
but on a serious note Oh
mind you if you do not I feel like a a
veteran excited to upload to video today
42 minutes oh my god it's like the it's
like the length of actual TV show but uh
my goodness I am so tired I spent like
seven or eight hours or something
working on that si oh my god I just got
a manicure the Sun I swear is Butchie my
gorgeous hair actually don't think I've
ever been more tired my life I'm
roughing up super super tired this
morning but I think it was all worth it
he goes outward to find out in a few
hours in the comments day 366 yo whoo oh
my god there's a post man fan my outside
and I'm hoping that something for me I
would look if it were something for me
boy we never get packages delivered to
this house we always get perhaps is
delivered to the PIO box unless it's
like an a sauce order but I didn't order
any
myself because we have to save money for
our stupid old wedding which is in like
three months
or like yeah too much
so um I can't believe it's 366 days that
is so crazy and like any other day just
make my breakfast
nothing special um I made my porridge
huh oh I made it with regular well this
time because soy milk is just so
expensive and everything like that
and I know I had that reaction to dick
dori dairy milk but I think it's like
passed through my body
um because I didn't have any reaction
this time so like I got this massive big
I know in America it's different but I
got this massive big um I made two liter
a bottle of milk and it's actually 1%
milk so it's lower in fact okay studio
people I need to go okay I need to go
right now this is a totally awesome man
like national radio what little troph a
so Little Joe faso so this is super
awesome so flying and Road now
excuse me cars coming true blogger with
some press appointment this is totally
awesome man and on the day of days
hundred day of days piece is totally
freaking awesome
this isn't way better but his season is
already kicking ass man I'm so hungry I
want some breakfast
forget breakfast breakfast is for losers
oh man please can I have some breakfast
I'm not gonna sound like in the when I
sound like on the radio I need put on my
radio voice mmm
live like so can you tell us what's
going on well let me tell you a little
bit about love
GZ where as Michael Buckley AXA call it
let you TV no time guys no time house
Elma oh oh my gosh it's all missus up up
up up up I'll be where's all not where's
all my you know time okay
we're going to abandon you here o mg so
I don't know Jonathan even explain it
properly but I don't even know if he's
talked to you guys at it but somehow
thanks to a really good friend of ours
Georgina who's like amazing who got me
all my press like a year ago when I got
all that press when I first moved back
to Ireland she got us like an interview
kind of thing with spin FM which is one
of the major like radio stations in
Dublin oh my god like we just cannot
believe this this is so amazing it's the
Year Day like day 365 today for us even
though this video is technically like
366 but this could not have come at a
more perfect time like I am just so
we're so excited
I can't I don't know if you can tell but
I'm burning up right here my hair is a
complete nutter mess oh we just like I
was in the shower when Jonathan called
me and I couldn't hear my phone and then
I got out of the shower and all I heard
was like the phone going off like crazy
so I like jump dead completely naked
like completely dripping ping on the
phone and I'm like sloshing all over the
place like disgusting oh my god and then
he's like ah get out of bed get out in
the shower
we're going to Dublin them like what all
right ease Newlands cross paper lady we
are here and these guys look
it's been yeah so that's what I'm gonna
be on talking about you national
insurance and tax that's that's
important things that Joe Faso so Faso
needs to tell people oh my goodness time
is a tickin away oh come on
get out of the way it's a lot easier to
drive from like Cork all the way to here
I want to be in here traffic crap polio
sitting in traffic man it's nothing it's
longer just to get that in the keys in
Dublin life but or only like I know
where I know where we are now so I'm
pretty sure we're gonna make it I just
tweeted out there I just waited the
links you guys can listen life what a
crazy day I cannot believe I was sitting
in the studio and they're like I was
like 11 o'clock or so I was like could
you be in the studio in Dublin I have to
for an interview I'm like yes I could
Anna put your coat on or drop the dogs
off and here we are
for our being Xena but you know I think
I listen to the radio
you know remember to radio anything for
like a B okay sit good boy three ladies
bring the dogs venules wandering it's
because and it's a radio and it's alive
and you know what about it what about
the scene is fine but what about me just
does not like the DJ and as I like
seeing us fine she'll be fine with
everyone she'll be everyone's best
friend of like Olli would be so cute
I'll be oh goodness
can't believe we made it what we've got
50 minutes actually early guys can you
believe it just need to stop for a
moment it's a Jackie bridge
we're live under a bridge is this one
here ah he misses the line here right
now Anna and Jonathan are a product of
the modern age
they've been posting daily videos onto
YouTube for so long they've become
viewed over 2 million times on YouTube
well what's in the videos is the
question and it's not a huge amount is
in studio now welcome to the show guys
how are you thank you we're good we're
good yes plain what it is you guys do on
your channel well I think it's like them
it's unorganized media I would say the
best way to put it down it's like when I
studied interactive media we can't put
away where you could like what's the
best way to create an interaction what's
the best way to get people to interact
and demand have taught and that I put
into creating really complex ways of
doing it and at the end of the day it's
just me acting like an idiot tends to
get a lot more attention than actually
being serious
so where does the whole idea come from I
mean did you have a sit-down one day and
saying was there something you saw on
YouTube that maybe inspired you or what
why did you do this I think there is
there is a couple people in America
who've been doing this a little bit
longer than we have and we kind of saw
them and taught like okay well you know
people kind of reacts you differently
you know when
you present yourself on YouTube you're
presenting yourself to a very unique
audience that's like globally based it's
not any specific a drew any specific
character and you just you get to
express yourself and some people just
kind of like you just to be you the less
organized the less narrative the more
just you acting like an idiot your
day-to-day life it's more relatable so
people tend to interact more and let's
say we build up an audience do you agree
yes I agree at the moment you've got
something like 6,000 to 8,000 views a
day
you've got 13,000 subscribers which is
quite a lot thank you very much loads of
room for more do you know who your
viewers are who are these people that
are subscribing - yeah we do a lot /
yeah a lot of different people from lots
of different countries all different age
groups I think for the most part it's 13
to 17 year-olds but there's also a lot
of different like older younger just
depends we need to iron we need to be a
little bit more kid because I you do
kind of a daily web episodes of just
what's going on in your life I'm not an
example this cuz I got this seems very
strange to me and we're going to play a
clip this is from one of your daily
vlogs this is where you pay for your
parking you paying for your parking that
takes about three minutes okay
very trivial but it is I mean no friends
but it's really really trivial ah why do
people want I think I think that's the
point though that yeah you're trying to
get your not in life daily life yeah a
lot of reality TV nowadays it's not it's
scripted it's it's produced and I were
I've worked as a producer and creating
really high-end media and I found that
the best way to get is professionally
make it but make it just make it
relatable instead of like having a
character that's like you know really
rich or all these great things happen
because that's not reality that's not
real life
real life is paying for your parking
ticket you know but these are
entertainment it's interactive it's a
new form of entertainment hey I like
YouTube at the moment as far like 86
million viewers worldwide it pulls down
like five six billion views a day it's
one of the biggest revenue generation
for like ads and so people are turning
to YouTube and turning away from
television and we're trying to innovate
the Irish media what we're trying to do
so are you guys
employed by YouTube we're partners on
YouTube right so that means you were
making a living from you so how does
that how does that work is it true
advertising on the site or and we sign
unfortunately decided big heavy
non-disclosure agreement with YouTube
when signing up a YouTube become a
partner it's something that they
approach you if you're popular so we did
we can't really talk about a lot of ends
of advertising but yeah that generally
just like any foreign media the
advertising alerts you basically started
doing these these walls and people
started watching them and then you
became so popular that YouTube said hey
you know you're popular people watch you
a lot of the time you get a lot of
exposure let's make some money here yeah
yeah look we we have an official show on
YouTube you go to the show section you
can see Keeping Up with the Kardashians
jihad oh and then were there as an
official show you know I think are
mainly tied into because Anna actually
has a channel of her own which is one of
the like the top channel in Ireland
you've like 70,000 or 60,000 subscribers
what does that involve that it's just
fashion and style so it's not like it's
very different I think to what we do on
the saucony Jolie's channel because it's
not you think you get to see the real me
in that channel but whereas mine is more
edited and more kind of not so much
scripted but a bit more edited down no
do you guys want to be famous do you
want to be actors do you want to I mean
what's the goal here or you just want to
make a few Bob and voyeurs basically I
think I think like I think going forward
acting in all those and you know the way
media is perceived that people go out
and present themselves as a character I
think that's going to change you know
you look at you know we're not gonna
like oh what are the Americans do let's
copy them but you look at how is mass
media changing and developing and you're
seeing a lot more people you know self
developing their own shows you know
using Twitter Twitter and Facebook and
other platforms out there to develop
your own content and you develop
yourself not so much as an actor I'm not
going to be an actor right now things
I'm just Joe first as they know me in
the show you know and that's Anna and we
just we live our basic lives and people
tune in and being able to you know we're
getting married in September and being
able to spend every single day together
is like it's like the best thing ever
like and so will your wedding be on your
vlog yeah our proposal was on the vlog
was like one of your most successful
videos yeah yeah yeah well yeah right I
mean why do you do it
it is my question because this is your
life and you're saying people you don't
know why do you have the camera on all
the time I think I think a lot of people
think that this is all the time but
you're getting like 15 20 minute show a
day so edit at 15 20 minute show there
is like 23 and a half hours of the day
that aren't actually honored like brus
one thing we do we are we do class at
very PG very Universal we know that we
have the turkey in the 17 year old
market we don't show anything it's been
some people complain about that - like
what is the fighting because like yeah
we fight all the time we're both you
know fashion people we just don't film
it I bet you know what about the sex
didn't go that that's that's that's a
different channel and see you're filming
here at the moment yeah most people will
kind of object to being filmed and you
know the term show that movie where John
Kerry's life becomes a TV program most
people don't want to have the intimate
moments of their lives broadcast on on
television or in any way whatsoever so
tell me why this seems so attractive to
you it's I don't think it's more like
I've always strive like as where someone
who works in creative media I've always
wanted to be able to creatively express
myself and I found a medium I found a
platform that allows me to just be me
not to be part of a pretense of someone
else or someone else and it is very hard
to understand like all those subscribers
you kind of get to know them like we do
live shows like a family do and they
know everything about you and as
daunting as that seems you know what you
get from it what you get from it is just
it's a worth more than you know what
you're giving to them and well even
texted and she says ah John hi Jonathan
and Anna I watch every day you guys glad
you're getting good publicity
Pepa do is that uh whether what is the
username like no I don't know she just
gonna text you know if is awesome yeah I
can I because it is a very different
form of entertainment I was just like
white why why is this so popular
but it variants things called em ciccone
Joanie's channel it's on YouTube called
v TV it's a MIDI channel
TV's the name of the channel to check it
out you put in psycho Adobe's we put a
link up on our website Spielman r38 calm
anna and Jonathan thanks very much for
welcome thank you me and ask me you guys
that's it from us
every day I'm shuffling shuffling
shuffle man oh my goodness guys he
listening to that that was so funny when
he played the part me like it was like I
was listening to the audio the audio
book under Saucony chocolates I was like
it's not stuck on John we're having joke
by the way I've gone bet you'll get it
wrong and I do guys did you guys hear
anyone recorded or I know I recorded in
the studio but I hope to hear what it
sounded like
on the other end or venule recorded a
bit what is unlike him one of those
things we can go back and check or
somewhere that you know and who was
Aoife leave me a comment if you were you
for that that text um you know that's
like I didn't know what to say when they
said do you know her well I should call
me parlor to you guys close to be fun
but I need I need a I need a hey oh hey
there's that time for hazing hos that
was awesome fun I was jobless in a radio
you sound good sound like everyday I'm
hustling hustling tearing your Tavener
banner ten year ago this is my old
village old stumpy knows I've always
come into temple oh we never come into
town here because we're never like danda
tearing your way we're always like to
the temple okay it seems we're coming
from the keys but we're in Tara no
blebbing subscribers in tenure we do you
guys giveaway
we are in turn yeah right now I have to
you guys teach with me I brought to you
guys t-shirts because I knew ice comes
govern might actually do something
something of the shorts something up to
short
absolutely should do dude as well see my
village
every shuffelin shuffelin shuffelin
almost there's me taxi man and if I
listen to my radio who's like Jo faso
guys like quite a catch
Big Sisters on her way so I shall wait
for big sister to come big sister and
little sister little sister love loop
and big sister left loose oh it's so
sunny I'm so tired I'm such a crazy
morning such a crazy day I was up at
like 7:00 o'clock expecting to spend a
day in some tree the animations and all
sorts of carrion who did not expect to
be here yeah right head for lunch it
soon Club Fanta and some super Quinn
bakery toffee bits
dosoo p.m. we're gonna head back to
court soon cuz I'm super tired you know
yes so turns out we're not gonna stay at
home I'm going to Mario's and turn your
so we're gonna marry isn't turn here so
we're to have the chicken to Mario yeah
ah my chicken to Mario you're pretty
noisy internal alarms go out there we're
going
it looks like you actually have entire
restaurant to ourselves
yeah it looks like we closed ourselves
you know the new bin is coming to our
town instead like a paparazzi view here
could be like climbing in the window so
I was like that suits a piece of quiet
Oh first Kosovo's down it so on the
actual menu looks like that you can get
a starter and a meal or a meal and a
dessert so we have obviously young
starters and meals because that's what
people do oh what's that
Oh somebody got a dessert but everybody
can share oh yeah the spoons are there
yeah I love the cone enjoy it would you
pick would you get a starter in to
dinner
or dinner dessert as you open up you pie
tasty
do not make a run she is full of cannot
be pie I am full as a bowl I don't want
to do is go sleep now what do we got to
do now oh yeah
drive the corn sweet mastic this is
where I weigh my little Joe Bosso was a
little baby presentation to my rear
school I'll fill up a patch on the
Raiders go and before I go there's one
thing I wanted to say to you Canadians
out there Tim Hortons coffee for to win
Oh Tim Hortons for the win you have to
turn the thing and be on light advertise
abou cuz I didn't I didn't know the
amount of Commons people going on about
Tim Hortons coffee like we were all like
Parton hears a who it was like you guys
got Tim Hortons I don't know I never
even thought about it
it does have a French thingy on the top
of it so I suppose it is I thought it'd
be more French than Canadian but
apparently it's Canadian alright
Canadians you guys from Kanodia and
sometimes always asking us to show you
some countryside and stuff and I just
noticed that it looks like you really
good at the moment but the sun's open
there's no cloud so uh you guys won't
see better road
you
you
we have come to collect a doggie pop is
that all be stopped happy is that Audi
 hello me
oh just read a there oh can we believe a
little guys Cena hello hello Xena Oh me
ah
hi guys hi guys are you ready to catch
500 did you miss us
did you miss us right now you're never
coming back I thought this is our new
lives we missed you guys
did you hear Centurion he came home to
some chicken and yaki yaki naki Oh like
the yaki Nagi is it knocking on it
Boulder Boulder I got it all wrong
scratch that
we can't walk like there with some
vulgar Boulder here right knock ya
Yama's MIT ah not to shoot Angus lots of
obstacles
ya ready professionals
