last time you have played video games
which is totally crazy that's a
ridiculous you should have more time
Dale do you get video games but anyway
turns out you already again the last
time you have your video games so I got
up super early this morning gets a block
of these edited and produced I'm not
gonna be able to upload because you play
zombies online therefore I won't have
access to the end but I'll be using all
our branded up okay so our getting ready
to go so call me get that thing rendered
ended and I still asleep hopefully you
get a few hours in playing before I know
itself never would you wake up she won't
feel like I played today and harmony
peace and harmony
all round the planet so that's the joke
guys that's what you need to do okay
when your girlfriend her wife is asleep
or maybe you are a girl and your husband
or boyfriend it was big that's winning
that's optimal playing time case of p28
X there's a 7-foot one noise cancelling
headphones
I think this way a blog ended up broken
yesterday I was like oh the nice
attention perhaps here let me just press
play for hours nothing else happened
alright
almost ready time early yeah good
this is the best way to spend a Saturday
I wonder are you always going to be an
sandwich together now she's quite hot
well show you like her - sorry ends on
me up a tree
yes si Angie we're ready to rock and
roll just gonna keep these at bay keep
my two friends at bay and you guys got
escalation in for black ops it is
awesome I think it's my favorite map so
far since the black ops release I
enjoyed the other ones but
not as much at all like this is
definitely the most fun I've had so far
oh whoops ladies I might have to fire
off my thingies while talking okay let's
just go to the smoke I'm just icky let
me just take a little walk around the
map a cure for you this is the main area
she's really lovely lovely bling and you
got this big huge those I don't know it
just brings back some sort of that I
know I just think it's fun again
definitely worried I'd hear $15 or 15
euros or whoever it costs I'm kind of
freezing a little bit here - do I look
good am i you guys t-shirt just put a
tweet out there right or I put it on
Facebook you'll be not following me on
Twitter get your foot on Twitter and
follow me keep up with our cool trends
yo but m4 we're going to the AIB street
performance world championships in Cork
today and I said that I'm gonna give
away one of these you guys t-shirts for
free zo all you have to do is find us
because we're are going to be there for
about an hour I'd say now thing is
there's not many people in Cork so I
would say that like by the time people
see this as part of their amici layer
you're watching this now and you weren't
following me on Twitter or on Facebook
Oh speak their Facebook I also set up a
light page if um you go here to the
saucony toilet
if you guys would go ahead and like that
page they'll be like totally awesome
I'll be like Terrace okay that'd be like
totes totally totally turns if you guys
could do that but I'm gonna get worries
away could you find us today were you
there were you in Fitzgerald Park
yesterday I don't know I was by there I
know it so be a fun thing to do you know
that's what I'm going to do these
seizures you know just kind of fun
things you know cuz them yeah they're
fun all right ease we are on route have
you got the you guys t-shirt check you
say check check it's better we say it
more like okay so it so we're on route
guys have you got you guys t-shirt okay
Oh get over the weather get over it oh
you know you should do you should blow
your nose under you guys t-shirt so then
whoever we give the t-shirt do get sick
huh I'll be a fun thing to make up as
well that makes it more special I'm
about 90% sure that no one's actually
gonna find us because coats really small
and we only just try to set it
twitter-like or if somebody does find us
they want to actually have followed me
on Twitter or you on Twitter or anyone
on Twitter for that matter so I believe
I will be coming home with my you guys
seizure but it's just an example just a
little sort of a test run because this
is the kind of thing that I want to do
with you guys seizures if you have a you
guys teachers you'd probably have met
it's always like a bunch of our mail
isn't it where's the way out oh this way
would you say stairs the stairs hmm oh
yeah guys don't forget that one eh if
you don't read that forever missing this
house number levels Cara please wait
I'll remember this before you set that
alarm oh the first time ever you guys
symposium
I think you might have find the right
place the crowds of people security
guards
yes I I think this might be the right
place you get that can anyone get there
I'd like that service hi
no you can hold up like your vlogs you
know like the police line freeze mister
like it's okay I'm a blogger no problems
here Rudy cook walking right it's like a
wholesome meal a wholesome meal from the
advanced skiing ice cream hey did you
bring any fundage because I don't
believe I brought bondage cards
we're trying to do some the world record
thing here we're actually trying at the
most where Waldo in the world let's see
where Waldo thing and I close people are
wearing the actual air well where is he
wild I think it's so cool you actually
both record isn't it's open look at them
all
the glass is nevertheless I think we'd
rush back away how super hot it was here
today to do interesting yeah was like it
was nice and cold and our sinless life
oh my god I kind of advance I forget
much I love you
it's time like this when you're walking
through a park meeting yourself all the
boys are looking at my girl where do we
go now her to go next let's go next you
go over to the water park thing yeah
do you like the idea of pizza we're
moving slowly the water is like super
hot look at the cool garden but I'll be
Encino don't play that garden yeah let
in air for five seconds and you see
everything sort of slowly deflate like
not seeing any wires Valley costumes
like
my goodness people in the actual writing
these people in there actually like in
the bubbles the Bossman's IDO find my
shoe
you ever run into a big problem like
that before and actually my situation
bro any son led to the Sunday party part
Oh No my worst fears my worst fears
oh no I have married the wrong guys you
know I ever go and those horses they're
seriously very even have seat belts on
them
she just got like a million miles an
hour they're like hardcore hardcore only
that's a boot
oh crap ha he was good idea to place
your hair had be lost
I'd be trampling over people's dinner
excuse me pardon me coming through
that's not isn't it funny at the kalki
healthy eating place is like completely
empty always do not uh it was like why
is this one completely empty hey Where's
Waldo
you know I've ice cream huh no Mexicans
don't know
our decisions decisions I got the ice
cream young madam
let's play the game right you have to
you want to win a you guys t-shirt this
is a new competition you have to count
how many Wally's are in this frame right
now how many wallets press pause on the
video right now okay and leave a comment
cuz we're going to go around and hand
them all now and we'll know we'll know
the answer when we do we're good like
that or special who face I think
um only the holder ice cream in hand the
same time yeah keep it nice Molly I'm
always like such a slowpoke music on and
I need to take you in Tony
some people juggle chainsaws all right
come out and protect it yeah for anyone
who's after danger I hate to say it but
this could be the wrong shot for you
it's more about being absolutely
ridiculous I like it you're like oh yeah
don't worry ever missed anything I just
have the rest of it
and I think we actually gonna sit there
for that long her for like a half an
hour don't worry he was really funny it
was like super funny so yeah brick brick
I was hoping he'd break into some songs
people
yeah it's similar country it's not
England yeah yeah yeah shimmer similar
well no one Paradis I don't got the you
guys t-shirt so wearable t-shirts very
lipstick II mmm I approve I approve of
that neutral lipsticks or pink lipstick
anything neutral you don't like rats
oh staying in the Sun back into the Sun
as some we're here right this hotel
complex was a juries and then we'll talk
about it today and we're like huh it's
like a whole different hotel you crazy
and his dad had to say their symposium
just there if you actually check out for
the bastard icon for stroke Corrado to
go me
you see see behaviors around right at
home fortunately chom that was a awesome
hotel we have a didn't backwards roll
the professor's I mingled well with
doctor doctor doctor doctor professor
doctor doctor professor doctor doctor
professor doctor chopper a blogger what
was that Oh me okay so I have like seven
euros or six zeros on me the parking
place does not accept card so let's hope
we have enough money put the card in
forever ruining my fun games to tune hey
hey the tasty yeah was a better the
second time
no it's just this Oh in a blinding light
can you believe that today it's 364 days
of logging I didn't even realize that so
somebody have you got the video there Oh
we'll probably put it I'll get at you in
a minute but somebody tweeted us a video
enemy on YouTube and it's like a picture
kind of a picture montage of of
throughout the year it's so cool boots
and there's going to
my god today is 264 which means tomorrow
is 365 days you aren't even around you
are huh no day I've seen it wasn't even
around back then even on the picture you
can see how much you've changed and the
clothes and the hair and everything it's
like crazy o crazy times what don't get
bigger what do we do we need to get
fireworks or something better supposed
to go to like 10 million hours ago oh
there's a couple of big rolls and the
lights give me call ok dunking a slice
you weren't like I've been working the
kid or something gilja
when you're all grumpy grooms you don't
want somebody antagonizing you because
that makes you in violence Bruce if you
find yourself singing along and say you
know it's really bad
where'd you go so mine 18 years guys you
don't know what it's like ok minerals Oh
20 little mini rose definitely even and
I don't want to hear it I don't want to
hear ok kids
shut up and eat your dinner
I gotta have it okay and today is our
vlog Eve so I think I'm at it guys what
the hell is spinning about well no it
just makes sweet popcorn cinema popcorn
I never had it we're having a day of
indulgence okay because I'm gonna be a
fat so dope it's like I wanted to start
and we're gonna start the vlog over
again I love iron in my Juicy Juice but
I'm gonna carry home the ice he'll be
very painful affair and the lavas just
you know love is a hand well done
welcome to welcome to Old Navy figure
there was the epsilon where am I
he's the guy from Beverly Hills Cop news
anyway Jesus robot us lots of people
living inside of him and he goes to Old
Navy and it's the first thing he knows
guys like what old lady he's like
welcome to old ladies
every time you dismiss me is like
welcome to Old Navy we watch out really
music we laughed our little hearts off
name Eddie Murphy mmm-hmm
right making some for Stefano meal
that's alright
so if you want to see the long-form
version of how to cook this just watch
watch the video a couple of days ago and
it'll your any indication of how we went
about with this look for the moment
we're just probably gonna skip should
skip Betty Jews oz dip anything why oh
why not cooking away I just wanted to
clear something up some people have
comments but you guys t-shirt some more
like hey let's go wrong
of course I spelled test go wrong and
it's better wrong I changed a C for a K
which fanatically doesn't make that much
of a difference
Tesco but um in terms of copyright and
Trademark it makes all the difference
because I won't be sued by Tesco
Norville I be advertising and promoting
today is the chicken oil you pick up the
pans I won't pick up the pan now
anything fancy this time because there's
no peppers or vegetables or anything
when you get your bread and you get your
chicken and then you got a light the
flasher cooked it's like you put the
chili over it's like gonna walk into it
for you but instead of like marinating
so the chili goes all the way into the
chicken it's actually just like kind of
burns on the outside of the chicken so
you get like a taste for a second of
like the hot chili see that's my trick
