hello thing today we're done giri's we
were about to go out and shoot the far
more video which bar armor Jonathan it's
coming out unfriended friends this
Sunday I'm not sure when get something
immense I'm not sure when did love is
going up the video is warning like it
already on the channel because I know
just got home from stop Cisco so
connects today from probably putting up
and it's love apparent Captain Sisko but
what I wanted to show it to fully commit
to the role I'm going to shave myself a
farmer beard and then I'm going to shape
completely for the parts when it cut you
doing all the dirty stuff so I figured I
should probably ask probably film that
so much and remember what is the stick
to this goal is that goes a teeny teeny
I must say no idea
I'm going knees and country now like
where they know my name my phone he's
the country now with place to stay the
same
I'm gonna eat the country mouse Batman
River insane
I forgot we're at Hanson's of the entity
no middleweight Bob Jane
breaks me Bob change what do you think
Chris looks like a father hurt your
identity over you do I look like a
farmer oh my goodness right I need to go
downstairs and get the air the
children's reaction to just you know by
the end of this video I'm going to be
clean-shaved I'm going to look so young
I may look like Eduardo or Amelia Amelia
Amelia come here I'm just here guys
- dad you look different at all what is
it do I look like a farmer and yeah
you're bigger back in Oh Thank You
horsies that was terrifying we just
recorded her first take a meanie did you
like the horsies what is Gary no yeah
Sandra did you pet them load did you
pass them Eduardo
Oh what is Gary yeah all right let's go
over here and let's put some costumes on
you guys
oh do you want to go back in and see
them with your horse trainer hey that we
put out for them you can thanks we have
a horse expert here wired out it's not a
pool it's a pupule ah guys you're a
piggy bank
well you don't have real pigs here we
have you guys well you guys are the
piggies right we are doing the bit in
the video where we has a guy here
dancing turning to the girl so the girl
is on the floor ready to go raise your
hands
the camera is still rolling but we need
to get this shot with perfect lighting
so I'm gonna try and quickly check off
the figures what's on the mirror Sookie
Roback my head my eyes will like
Virginia Creeper with in one of G we
just made it oh wow
you literally
Berlin
we'll do that
it River the town
good morning Saturday morning just go
back and there's some sort of disco
party things you cannot hear in the
skate park did you have fun in robbing
Amelia help me on rugby today she's got
a sticker mm-hmm money yeah we go and
tell mommy yeah yeah you went down there
I remember you guys went there one yeah
she did scoot down there once you had
your princess scooter daddy was there
with you remember yeah where are you
going into water you'll get run over if
you go down there it's scary down there
guys you'll get run over and squished
good morning or good afternoon actually
this afternoon I feel like we haven't
spoken since San Francisco I haven't
vlogged to send out for a walk with
Alvey and Sina and I can see there's a
child up there so that's where I put it
back on hold on Sina let's just wait for
average to do is we me okay okay so
we're back from our walk and now unless
yet and I are headed out to it's going
to get bright gonna get wait so go the
doctors I just need to pick up a
prescription nothing major but um why do
I feel like I'm forgetting something
I don't know said very dodgy the one
kind of follow me
great happening
Amane
they say it's matter of time another day
the Sun won't shine before
but nothing's going to stop me
ah hi hi hello hello hello hello welcome
to this part of the baby your wife at
you taught you everything here but we're
here now
please don't have a cow or click away
somehow we watch it tickles like foot to
nibble scope subscribe and friends
I can't believe yeah other video the
farm video has over a hundred thousand
views again you guys are amazing
thank you so much you're encouraging me
to make more because like I'm I wanted
to do something for any trans like you
know what like there's times your life
where you realize that you love things
and I love making kids laugh and having
the crack with my own kids you see over
here you know and by damn watching me be
creative and making like my little
videos and animations and self hint-hint
order I think actually just weekend and
one of the first animations is coming
out and friendliest friends so that
should be exciting yeah but anyway just
watch it makes them kind of encourage
them to once be all like creative and so
for that make a little stories and stuff
like that you know I think it's really
cool and getting to like spend more time
with them and hang out with them is
really cool that you guys are supporting
that and I'm hoping like I can make a
real good girlfriend and friends and
like you like take it even really far
the gritty barn like I want to like keep
building about I'm starting off by
committing to one video a week or if you
guys have enjoyed it
this began I think it's the animation
and we get it all better finished with
the weekend after that is a very cool
video it's like the kids are drive
around in cars of that is mental no
spoilers
so shall we maybe we're tired for to see
No oh are you are you in the middle of a
but play here what scenario what's the
story
oh I'm somebody leaving hello oh my
goodness hello hi I'm Josh keep it down
let's use asleep go ahead daddy you can
be down oh I can be Val yeah it's also a
very important night tonight guys is
really important you guys go sleep
tonight as soon as you go to bed you
know why because then Denton Denton is
the Denton did the Denton is present at
the Denton does a game of Thrones is
back band ended the tent and the tent
and is not exciting you guys who says we
give drugs not really dad
not really good I should have a baby
besides my sister was born I'm saying a
story my older sister was born my my
mama so far she was born like super
premature and she was so small that my
mom was unable to buy clothes for her so
she had to go to a doll shop and buy
like not this mom okay but like I know
Excel Excel code the jeggi Shack she had
to get doll clothes or promise if you
had children so small are you guys my
daughter
I should probably read like
cost-effective it's probably different
real close isn't it maybe I could fit
into a little a little leotard thing the
cheese wear anyway guys let's go we've
had lots of playtime it's time for book
time do you want to have our book time
in Eduardo stream tonight or do you want
to have it new media's room tonight
media room we got one vote for Amelia to
immediate outs that means you're doing
an immediate installation
what wait Lily hold on a second are you
saying you'd waters room now we're gonna
have to do paper-rock-scissors horse
we're gonna have to be
paper-rock-scissors okay so do
paper-rock-scissors of each other Hey
read your paper what's new paper okay
now you do what were you in media okay
okay so what happens
I win well one more time though one more
time one more time now pick one and
stick with us here we go
go hey no you can't both keep picking
scissors you have to pick different ones
this time okay no scissors allowed go
what I said no scissors okay last chance
gnosis is a rock or paper ready go
yeah
