good morning Ireland Ireland dupois
Ireland two points ah two points so
heading off to the dentist II this
morning this is not the edge it's not
the crowning one guys crowning is next
Thursday this is just trying to sort out
a couple of other things that were going
on you a couple of our replacement
fillings or something that I I don't
know the technicality of these sort of
things but I'm glad to get a done yo get
it all over which you know a full fix up
both mix-up and then we've got a million
things new today like a billion makes it
a day
gotta go into the M
like their breads deaths in marriage we
gotta find our case because I am dare
start telling Lana that she needs as a
platform and all this crap from America
was like hold on a second like when she
moved here when she was like 13 or
something that her dad got her like paid
for her to register her birth in Ireland
so she'd have all the rights of an Irish
citizen and she is not your sister so
it's like totally ridiculous that
they're making her go and do all this
crap because that's the whole point of
getting your bird registered here when
you're a kid and so you are you have all
the rights that everyone else does you
know so I think I think it was just was
explained wrong and the person was lazy
and we were quite okay so get the brake
guns gonna go in there today I'm gonna
I'm gonna bust some heads yo hey lady I
choose like my wife because she's not
from all in Tennessee warm Irish yo
Irish out can't you see more Irish go
it's got docked in the tunnel
and we're going to go to a Popo box
and then we're gonna come home then I'm
gonna upload the video and we're going
to drive to Dublin they're going to have
a nice meal with my brother and my two
sisters and my two sisters boyfriends
well no I got brother and a wife and
sister and a husband and a sister and a
boyfriend for like a million years
aren't you get married a mian huh and I
don't think you are asleep and then a my
mom's gotta meet our two and then
instead of staying there we're gonna
drive back to Cork what so it's gonna be
a long drive and we should revive back
some time tonight so it's gonna be a
long day get your coat on kids it's
gonna be a long day
as you know I've got a dentist what
gives away you know you gotta numbed up
at your dental shows and like oh okay
guys Jonah see this amazing package we
just got from Yana
I think her name is German is it from
Germany yeah anam Thank You Sean haha
vielen dank Oh Dylan thank you thank you
thank you
I'm actually quite a German you know
case didn't know that anyways she said
open this first
okay oh it's like a treasure trial I
think she means this the card yeah Finch
okay good
oh it's a letter exciting if Ben Yana 20
violins fonczek Yara out and calm is :
engagement so Jana is 22 years old and
lives in Cologne in Germany
very good I did do it I did do it
Jonathan maybe this is sweet scary uh I
really love your videos and I watched
you in my bedroom
let's see there's a Zimmerman it's all
the Sun know if I make em er that means
always oh crap
ven aqui nach Hause Akama Undine video
fun oi l mining bill charm off okay
Nia I don't know what that is a mirror I
have no idea what the build term attic
little chairman oh my Russia goal at
node I and ensure Lacan jicama asbestos
own parcel okay
Oh Moira chocolate or diet understood I
know that one is Papa is not Susie
Crichton that's sweet
Gazoo be here in Ireland - Nick Nick
tapped all right I think that means she
tried to get us sweets that you can't
get in Ireland hopefully as in sumen das
deutsche marking their joy their German
marks whatever um Hoffa ear Mugsy
Anna dust beauty toy is fun
deutsche mark and d do - like me knock
Nick Kent
oh three hot in here yeah I think that
means that the beauty stuff is from a
German mark that you hopefully don't
know yeah brand life
yeah D mascara somebody feel is I know
terrible I know the word Mr curry
mascaras here enjoyment oh it's one of
the best drugstore mascaras in
deutschland a coffin
oh I felt dust pack kit and as comes out
by Boyken
let's didn't Mona had an entire problem
with their ear issue cause post okay so
I think last year she had a problem with
Irish post
oh boy a fur zubaba either fine Dean
advice to suit and e4n Carmona and
Dublin like she was trying to send her
friend something that was living in
Ireland for a couple of months know what
this got here if one choice D craft bond
I may get the ear for Hawk site for
frightened and making them proud
I don't know love Oh naturally wind
shake boys Alice Goethe for where a hawk
site every good wishes are best wishes
for your marriage when china wonder
follow site in Italian and
wonderful time music thanks a lot yeah
yeah
oh maybe those pictures of that words
that we didn't know huh see that's her
in her younger sister oh my god that's
so cool of me my younger sister that's
so cool
they're very very pretty the kids I love
this me and youngness it's like yeah I
cook like you tied each other i tanked
but like real life's how your life yeah
okay
I'll read that later cuz oh god this is
beautiful German poem and I hope you
understand it because the translation
just can't get it
Fred Burkle is this like currency pig or
Pippo if a pig what's the call Peppa Pig
Peppa Pig except German version I want
begs eat okay
all the sweets of men who live knits
Minnie's hot guys reminds me of
communities we live the minute this is
mine peanuts and plate enjoy I didn't
realize it was a golfer got milk a
chocolate is the best oh my God look the
time when salt mine babies babies she
sent loads arrow Oh
Trump's arrow the hell is that I don't
know Becky sorry to follow me love
chocolate oh I love chocolate Oh
it's for Schmidt you talk about oh I
think that means air chocolate
the housing bubble was like arrows who
trying flat latte the coffee India chai
latte yeah they like to dream to try not
hear this milk
daga trying with me this music oh what
my god what now oh my god
Reza's bored
it's full of chocolate don't make me run
I'm full of chocolate oh my god the
smell of it this amount of it all
oh my god you sent us so much stuff is
this a perch not a birch box like glossy
photos a tag tags everything she's going
to like that
Jana oh it's her youtube so it's Jana
89 yaaay yeah
Yanik for Pinsky
that's such a cool name I have for that
one oh my god
look at this so there's just tons and
tons of chocolates
there's Ritter sports cappuccino that's
the smell caramel crisp good son love oh
my god this looks amazing
oh my god I'm like kind of freaking out
now
with this oh my God look at this holy
nude lipstick yeah
holy crap holy guys just open this
box right what's in here look what's in
here hey stealer stealer chocolate
stealer just take a pile of these down
here hi alright
oh yeah I think these are the big ones
because they seem these are the large
ones you guys let's pluck this on back
that's not gonna fit me he's the medium
I think pile here just a medium pile
yeah it's the medium pile fruit of the
Loom this is so cool ahahaha and this
must be the small there's been a small
pile small yeah are they so cool let's
try one of these aren't it look Nina
you guys should yeah they're really cool
where's hmm mama style diet there's you
up here on the t-shirt indirectly hmm
isn't it SoCo dollar little things it's
trophies I'm not aliens eon little
sister style life yeah yeah chocolate
obey the sizing choco diet vlog it is to
us so much so fast
custody they go there where's those
little of biscuity things I'm going to
eat them now these ones and yeah
what are they French fare yeah go on
give her here give slacker affair
lion mmm here gets left a flat fine oh
my god Peter same print later same thank
you shoulders feeling like yup princess
in stern and sober what's this I don't
understand what this is
open the Fred freckles what are they
like hey Percy hey Percy cake what's
this thing oh my god oh my god what is
this when we go what's this what's this
ha ha ha hello code I'm sold mine go ah
are they like Julia Oh was it like any
good right I guess Macker Chris yeah
what's what's batter momenta bath Malvo
that's probably a bath salts Wi-Fi so
they go fizzy we don't have a bathtub
you did you do what this is Oh Eric
everything bad I like it thanks Jana
thanks for all the sweets yeah
why you sisters eyes are crazy look at
his eyes Wow like piercing she can be
like an x-men movie or something I am
sick in my tummy
I hate the whole package they're so good
oh my god is sending me box I want this
box full of them are you kidding yeah
only kidding ok so the lights needs ah
like too I like to press keep a key
the personal Percy pigs Redford Oh what
little gang of red verticals what do you
wanna eat now I'm not I'm not I'm
thinking myself
spume okay Erica but down the
carving-knife
OMG Zed oh it's so cool are you giving
yet you can have that one
congratulations you're the first person
ever an entire planet ever get one
congratulations
how do you feel doesn't it and What's it
feel like you should wear played you
feel like a nice t-shirt out what's the
quality arm seems good are to them
it's vigil on you that looks like a
girls like cuz it's kinda like the girl
on guy one yeah looks just like this
t-shirt
mmm-hmm you look awesome oh my god
welcome welcome thank you thank you off
to Dublin we go today off to Dublin we
go check out guys Penn State yo whoo
super special subscribers that meanness
yeah Penn State I've got two t-shirts
now whereas in Penn State is that cool I
love this color I love this blue color
you so I'm gonna like my family dinner
thing but look what I'm wearing a
Sigourney Jolie's teacher what ah we
like we're Bernard like what's up guys
my autographs on handshakes I'm
available for that kind of thing at the
moment oh I'm so hungry I'm got anything
to eat and now like with two and a half
hours like we're already over time to
get to the dinner ah it's a stress until
Odin see we found it
look it's been totally chewed and mauled
and everything but this is the little
device see ya
era has forgotten an item of clothing
therefore we are delayed on our
departure so it is 10 - for the dinner
commenced at 6:00
that's 2 hours and 10 minutes to get to
Dublin to get to tear in Europe GE or
EMU Raj yeah and you guys have a turn
here wanna hang out tonight
what you doing send me a tweet by the
time I get it I shall be probably back
here but let me tweet anyway we will
hang out sup will go to a mazzani's he's
always gonna Mazzoni he'll run on rock
our road oh yeah that is a tasty
mazzani's you guys excited about you
guys t-shirts I'm so hyped up man
it's so cool like even Erica was like oh
my god my name is on I'm like yes it is
a mob stylet man everyone's on it yo
it's so cool
I'm so happy I am so happy in my nappy I
really wanted them cuz the kind of
unique plus they will not be available
in the store at any time any day
anywhere they are going to be available
only from me hand signs will be
signatures and some sort of a paw print
or something as well like that leave me
a comment if that's the kind of thing
you would like because we're gonna do
some sort of am I don't want to say
competition because it's not gonna be
that competitive because I kind of I
kind of know a couple of people that I'm
gonna send them but if you'd like to be
in with a chance if you think that you
are the ultimate I'm not going for my
top ten ultimate subscribers as we're
looking for our top ten ultimate you
guys okay if you're tinker if you need
tinker you one of the top ten all to me
you guys leave me a comment oh and we'll
see about that
and a sentence of why we make them my
descendants yeah I want a sentence also
in Turkey words for that I don't know
something like that
I'm on the motorway okay Maura like I'm
not getting off this motorway then
they're like come to my girls I'm like
no forget it go past the next turn
you're like that seriously it's right
here check it out all right no I am NOT
because you're going to screw me over
man and then I go to next turn off
you're like seriously it's just right
here
ten minutes fine fine go hey turn where
the hell am I
well mr. Knight posting is all gone so I
go down how does it know McDonald
we go backwards it's ridiculous okay
well can we turn off for Dublin there no
go back to the motorway which is not not
take us to water I'll ask the old road
never bring AHA this is ridiculous like
these you could turn off son
it was like a little pet ization I had
no shop is around abet no idea Jonathan
what is this no clue this is Mari I
think we're in casual Michelle as my
brother of it Tasha Tasha I was in hell
oh yeah was
Marta soil you know yeah I think Asha
was my brother
they have a
Rock of Cashel at the castle stone
I need to make a turn yeah we need to go
back Whiteley came there's a castle
it's cool it's like a castle see like a
castle in the middle of lake does I
don't know it go people are looking you
were looking at me funny yeah I don't
understand what I'm doing do not judge
me I am NOT from Castle cache fell
Michelle Michelle Michelle hello cache l
people do they speak English in cache
shell or do this be cash shell they
might speak Oslo yoga escuela video by D
August Billy backbone of the store she
instructed mainly by Paul Mellie but
low-cost it's just good for shocked let
me out of here - I'm so hungry
hold on behind it oh my god you backings
me can I get out of here please
no I'm just gonna drive this way oh my
god so many mean looks just there yep
there's a non-existent Tesco it's just a
petrol station there's no like shop
reaction indicated and everything thank
a lot
Oh a superstore nope oh look what about
that packing station Oh dry cleaning it
what about this one
mother Hubbard's Oh No
that's a restaurant for truckers I ain't
no truck ego part their hell inside
there it is like what you close services
simply live your ultimate aspect
McDonald's like oh my god jeez I see
that what hahaha it's right there we've
got a big M under there
oh my god I even get there McDonald's my
god other way Johnson's like if I see
another inside my gums again on this
muttering I'm actually gonna kill
somebody and then I just see this can
average kaluli yeah it's like a balloon
thingy up there my cakes it like when
you say like two exits away eat my food
whoa oh it's full everyone else is here
do you guys fall for it too yeah whoo oh
I miss getting random like mr. tato tip
FM and to ever okay something's going on
here guys it's going down it's gonna be
anyone a look mr. tato is a crap about
the exit now Oh poo yeah then a media
meal so surprised as well and a black
coffee yeah
so absent here is it okay that section
60 okay thank you thank you
did you get to medium fries
I'm not ready to show what happens a
very confusing period of time for me
parking bay too weird yeah this is a
whole name that was bone cold boy bold
bold everyone on the vlogs just
witnessed you being bold that's it are
we Carter smack you on the bump that's a
discipline of old doggie you gotta wait
five minutes treatment three minutes for
somebody got something awkward but did
you have any slices like I think I don't
know what I got guys Jonathan gets all
good music and spicy legend shh shh
that's for boat coffees in bold and then
in there like John Allison my god yeah I
think we figured out the problem here
folks
nobody ever orders a vegetable wrap from
McDonald's okay
and then we come along and it's like
we've like the latest cues of you behind
it everything is going like you should
have just got like a Big Mac or
something now we other like wait like
it'll arias all because bad up up Papa
I'm loving it and we get up here this is
extremely painful boys she just like how
please see ya Oh Cena's not feeling it
Cena's not being with it
Cena needs a ginger nut that's saying
you know you've just made it as well
because the first thing you always see
is to Julie's hotel down in Tala or ice
named Clondalkin or a Newlands cross hey
waiter huh almost there almost there
guys
almost there in Dublin
girl oh we're at some common sense
someone said that wasn't there a cousin
she said her name was Malone and her
cousin Lonnie Malone and her cousin was
Molly I was like what there is a Molly
Malone crazy
there's Newlands grin you guys live in
New Orleans cross or tala bellegarde
Road Oakland Oakland California I used
to work in a nightclub if you do work in
a bellegarde row when I was in school I
used to work in a nightclub called
Coco's on a Belgard road whoo it was
uncalled for no Coco's and you guys ever
go to Coco's in about God Road
I just a work there yo back in 98 or 99
I think I was like 97 because they're
like are you over 18 I was like yes sir
I was not over 18 then after about a
year working there I was like he's
waging pertain they're like wait a
second much of my psyche speaking that
doesn't add up
right he kinda stupendously we all right
just in time for all the traffic oh so
it is just on seven o'clock we were at
the spa well I wanted to wake up zone
we're at the spa well and you guys live
near the spa well hi hi have you lived
near this bow well oh are you a spy if
you lived in a spa well oh jesus bah hey
hey your stop
if that was you I apologize
halo-halo that's an air case today and
choose totally no way hey so no way he's
going to the roundabout from the or and
about rum rum rum Baba Baba whoa whoa
I've got this beautiful smell I'm sweaty
dog hair and it is lovely sweating I
love the smell of
it's assault like apprehensive it 20
just wait so up is the prime time
you just gotta just cause he hopped up
there you guys like overwhelming smell
of like beautiful illness real tough on
this beautifulness bow to our word for
beautifulness beauty you should talk
about that you might get up just now wow
you're like you're like oh my god
alright hello your mom's well we're over
there in about five minutes
why were things you get there's 10 per
log 10 per log to digital epilogue or
intent fellow 10 pal oh well 10 was it -
10 10 10 vo to politically oh I'm from
kinky Lube I just live until y'all now I
happen to blue will you have a cup of
tea for a man from temple ook at manners
from temple ooh
hello temple okay temple opium toboggan
I thought that woman was walking a dog
it's actually just her look it over
she's got it like you guys do that look
like regular series I thought it was it
looks like there's a lot of intriguing
trees moving the tree was moving we
couldn't see her house okay Z oh oh okay
I'm a vlogger
