it's a freaking rainbow now Waynesville
where are you going rainbow come back
rainbow there was a frickin rainbow
I saw a freaking rainbow this morning as
I drove to work it wasn't shining
brightly the colors were delightfully
making my journey nicer while I go to
work has symptom accompany and I said
there's a rainbow every moment there's a
way you bowl you drive it away why it's
so funny because I was talking about
this with Jonathan and before because I
have like really thick hair my washing
my hair I don't do it like every day I
do it every three days so like kind of
on the fourth day if you know what I
mean I'll wash my hair and um I usually
wash it in the mornings now on but um
it's so funny because it's such an
ordeal for me to wash my hair because
there's so much of it and I have such
like really really thick hair and it's
kind of like wavy and you know textured
and you know what I mean like it's
really dry so it's always like a huge
ordeal when I'm washing my hair and it's
like I have to kind of set aside like
the whole morning to do it or something
I don't know and um it's really funny
because I was telling John I didn't like
this and the Italian chalk that we go to
that I've shown you before which is like
authentic you know Italian like projects
and stuff um an Italian brand's the guy
who owns that his wife is the same but
she has like way curlier hair than me
like it's really like like corkscrew
curls and she's Italian
she's the same thing I think she watches
her hair maybe like every week or I
watched mine I think that's twice a week
if it's our yeah twice a week she
watches her is like I'd say every week
and whatever she does it it's like
because I remember the last time or one
of the last times were there we were
like oh where's Francesca and he was
like oh she's washing her hair as if
it's like
some kind of like big event do you know
what I mean so I don't know if any of
you guys are like that if any of you
girls are like that where you have like
Refik kind of unruly hair and you just
like have to dedicate like a whole like
morning to watching it and it's not like
a frequent thing that sounds gross but
it's actually not like if your hair is
dry thing you don't need to watch it
every single day but if your hair is
kind of finer than sometimes you do
because the name in our video we had was
that proposal YouTube chap that you
can't give me the trailer for this
building called the proposal with a
Sandra Bullock who's in it and that
other guy which are like my cameras name
and he's kind of funny and he was in
that fat friend thing that then got
slevin really hot I was a call I don't
know comment goes but I'm so I ended up
actually am watching it last night
because I was like always is what is
this proposal film YouTube keep telling
me to watch it's actually quite funny
it's a bit ridiculous at times I must
admit and it was 2009 so it's it's an
oldie it's like an old film is like what
what well yeah yeah was it was good it
was good it's kind of cooler we hadn't
actually seen it cuz normally like all
the shows are over now and like there's
no good films on and there's like
nothing on you know there's no
entertainment you know well Ciccone
Jovi's are are gone haha but I've kind
of seen on them you know I'm kind of
seem to me boy I know all the spoilers
guys I do I do
freak me I will tell you some spoilers I
let you in on some secrets secrets and
trivial secrets sometimes I just look at
my dogs and I think I am the luckiest
mommy in the whole wide world so cute oh
you look so cute don't you hmm
all right come on let's go and who's
another cutie pie and your lovey cogs
hello this weather is
killing me like I am actually so
irritated right now it's super sunny but
in like two seconds it's gonna start
raining it was raining and it was sunny
like this when I left the house and I'm
way to warming to dressed I'm wearing a
long-sleeved top and a gradient so I
just did my bikini video again because I
didn't like yesterday's one um I
actually think I looked better yesterday
this one but um that wasn't why it was
just cause like the information I gave
was crap like I couldn't even do it
because I didn't have any bikinis with
me I only had the bottoms of one account
playing the top and like it was just a
disaster so I decided to film it again
and I actually oh my god I was so stupid
I was like I can't find a way of like I
don't know how to show you guys all the
different kini types and like show you
guys all the different body shapes
because I don't have anything to go by
like I don't have anything taxi hold up
and show you guys and then Little Miss
Dumbo just figure something out
I have this my book that I wrote I bet
body shape I was so stupid and then I
was like oh my god I have a whole
section on like um body shapes and like
what suits them and there's I cover
bathing suits so I just I use my book
basically and I was just like you know I
hope you guys don't think I'm pushing my
book or anything I'm gonna sell my book
but I'm just like you know I have
nothing else to go by and this is
perfect so I'm actually really happy
with how it turned out I think I hope
it'll be received well so um it's lunch
time actually right now I just wanted to
let you guys know and I have some
exciting stuff this is such a random
Bowl isn't it this is what we had
yesterday see when my mom was over but
it's actually really good oh my god like
prawns or shrimp whatever you call them
shrimp think it's just spring on up yep
oh are actually really really good so
and I'm trying to drink more water as
well because I know it's healthy for you
but here
see I think that oh my god I got so
scared okay here's the thing people
always tell me in my videos like I never
get this in real life you always tell me
in videos that I look old and wrinkly
and stuff and like I don't really think
I do but then because nobody says it to
mean real life but then I started
getting like this obviously the stuff
kind of gets to kind of like oh my god
am I really old and they were telling me
that like Jonathan looks younger than me
Jonathan's like eight years older than
me and probably eight the comments on
this video probably gonna be like hey
you look great oh but no um so people
were like saying all this stuff about me
that I looked old and everything and
then I was watching this video and I
don't think I have wrinkles that's not
like the issue but I was watching this
video um what's your name the sparkle
Isha's or Sparkle
yeah the spark delicious and think it's
like a beauty channel she's really sweet
and she looks like um what's her name
Brooke Shields you know Brooke Shields
when she was younger yeah she looks like
her anyway she's really pretty and um so
I was watching her and she doing like
she's you're talking about these things
called um it's not wrinkles
it's like dehydrate for ya dehydration
lines and I was just like oh my god
maybe I have D hi so I don't drink a lot
of water at all I think maybe I have
dehydration lines and that's when people
think I'm so old
cuz I'm only 23 so I feel like I
shouldn't really have people tell me
that I look old yet and um this was
something that I was never conscious of
before like that's kind of how horrible
like YouTube can be like it makes you
conscious of these things that you
didn't realize and people are probably
gonna criticize me and be like hopefully
you should be confident in yourself and
you shouldn't take notice of the haters
but it's not even that it's just that I
was getting so many comments saying
telling me that I looked old so anyways
um dehydration lines yeah so then I was
convincing myself that I had these
dehydration lines because I know for a
fact that I don't have wrinkles which
what twenty-three-year-old has wrinkles
seriously so um now I'm gonna drink
water because I think that I have
haha
Erica that was really good that was
seriously so good oh my god seriously
that was really good it was was amazing
the quarry was get the camera
everyone's gonna comment and say hey
I've got everyone comment if you thought
that reservations come in here okay okay
they can't comment then get distracted
okay okay sorry
I'll stay here but don't let her get her
face don't let her in because she'll try
and eat things so we're walking the dog
they know they know that misty and Daisy
lived there their back looks a little
brats anyways we're just walking them a
little bit in like a different place
here where my mom was Xena
not too far I'm so afraid
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba
don't stop me now having such a good
time can stop me don't stop me
every good I don't wanna go
ah rendition of Queen there for ya he
 it no oh yes funny name it was
storm and rain and Iran which is like
crazy and in the middle of nowhere how
did the middle of nowhere go to Dublin
tomorrow colder Dublin her city when a
girl baby prepare hello first sip my
eyes with male Malou then you actually
called Molly Malone I know there's a
statue and there's a song but is there
actually any people out there called
Molly Malone if you are a male loan of
the Molly nature keep it oh come and say
hello I am a Malone Molly Malone isn't
the old Bill Bryson today listening to
his audio book the history of everything
I've listened to it about five or six
times now but I do enjoy a good Bill
Bryson audiobook oh speaking of
audiobooks yo oh ho
now I know particular group of you
people do not like president-elect
Barack Obama but I have to say I do like
man as I've established I have a madam
crush on him well turns out he's got a
book an audio book and you know what's
even supercool about his order but he
reads it he reads it himself good ol
polio hooked me up today is like yo man
what's up you guys want to hook up with
some Barack Obama audiobook and I'm like
yo man you know what I like I like the
Mayan so I've got 8 hours or 10 hours or
however long it is I've inaudible I'm
not even going to crack it open I don't
even break the seal nothing you break
the seal because it's in iTunes thing or
whatever it comes from magic land
I'm impressed playing anyway so I'm
gonna win a Monday so I decided I would
give good price in an overly dearl today
to tie over today and then Monday I am
going to crack open to a Barack Obama
book
you guys read it apparently he did it
before he was President Elect when his
president nominates and I don't even
think he was even running at that stage
I could say was when he was a senator
anyway but yeah he's a really good
speaker you know so I thought I didn't
even know he had another book so huh
pretty darn excited are you
oh I just got home when there's no
Thomas Deanna's out or somewhere chose
you as a dog's Witter Oh God
is this what it's like if you ever have
kids and then they ever go up and go to
college and then you come home and
they're not here hopefully your life you
know scene always comes down as I open a
door and she barks and then she jumps up
and down and then I come upstairs and
hobbies on the bed I miss my family
making a lonely bagel all by myself
oh my god what's a chick oh I have a one
now oh we Xena
oh hi guys hi oh me hi Sheena you feel
very quietly you guys want to treat huh
huh huh good boy AMI
I see that oh you're right you ain't
very quiet today Xena oh I missed a bad
come on lovey let's go pray oh hi dad I
missed you dad hmm any piggy much put
you in your beds then
and then you can play well she's gonna
play the toys
there we go no everything's right in the
world
now everything's right in the world go
wouldn't you collect the little Riki
Tiki tikis where's the Kiki's friend
well we don't know wherever does it help
Ida told me don't do is only sony
clipper 15 minutes 50 minutes and Erica
is it leather Oh Oh do only Oh probably
Stoli oh no we're in it oh I don't I
have no clue I have no clue zo Cluedo
doctor Cluedo right so where we go st.
Luke's
just hop in a hill or something top of
the morning to you this is like a roller
coaster that's a crazy here yo so I
haven't bloody clue where we are of
course no yeah look you left I know I
know I saw it first no ballet holy Road
balle balle balle holy Road and it
brought me to a New Year's Eve party
here once so her and her friends can
hide in the toilet and I can hang out
with her ex-boyfriend which ex-boyfriend
the one she is when I met her and I
stole her from we had good times
Bella for the road anyways the road
that's parallel to this
what does that mean it's like no entry
man so where are we going straight tease
you reckon dragon straight C's Ren to
the kind of months marquee area Lance
Oslo she Montes naughty Monte sake
Monty no she's smashing Patrick
Troughton school does that looks
terrible thing up there
probably probably Dalian to see it looks
like eyes if you're ever trying to go
somewhere and sick only gets in the
characters it's alright lads
I know where I'm going when you do not
thing you're turning left okay do not
know you know do not and I like the
stupid idiot didn't bring my GPS phone
map tracking device because I thought a
certain you got it wet after I nearly
broke up with you go down here
no don't hear no through this road for
this road and then you take a left
I don't know what can I thought I was
you can take a look here it's over there
what the hell
what if the peppers yo so we got home oh
really
yeah like 20 vowel
do you like my bags oh yeah Eric I've
got a new bag tree cute it's Hello Kitty
it matches actually your outfit hobble
keep because of the red and the mire
little on my phone oh yeah oh you're
like Kelly the barbs Kelly come on
Caffrey knows going on family or baby
she always matches her bow to her
husband you know where you're going I
have a memory like a fish excuse me this
if I would imply that your memory is not
tastic and everything every two seconds
yank me Lois story came you drive
somewhere you automatically have the
ability to drive back that way oh the
battery is flashing does that mean
something
