this week may just be a week where I get
the first part of the last part of my
tutees fixed
oh yeah sighting time I must admit I
think it's this week I'm pretty sure she
said it's this week he said like at 13
or 14 or something like that well they
always do they always they can text
message you and call you the day
beforehand which is quite good it's
quite good service must admit so maybe
this week I can finally finally put that
issue to bed you know you know yeah my
sinuses are killing this morning I don't
know why oh you know when you get that
like kind of pain it's through your nose
and up into your head ah so yeah I'm
making courage and coffee and now I have
to go because this is I can't do it with
with only one hand hold on I'm pretty
I'm pretty darn excited about it I'll
say I also gotta go to Governor on
Thursday my little sister who was in
Canada she's back in arted for about a
week or two
to Australia for a year so so I lose
every day pop on down and give her an
old handshake who's your father
ha ha now this your father please my
father - funnily enough fenoli enough
how he wasn't a good idea to start
vlogging right in the middle of when I
was cooking hard because it sticks one
with the pan and we don't want another
patent ruined because you guys know nice
watching videos you'll know that all of
our pans bar like - are ruined because
of me so I'm going to share that again
so exciting you know thinking about yeah
the wedding cuz it's not just you know
now that I'm now that the proposals I
know you think ooh it goes yeah but not
are we gonna properly and I got down on
one knee you know we did the whole
proper thing I feel more like you know
okay okay now we can finally you know
move on forward with the next big phase
of the operation operation get wet
which is really exciting that you know
God's not happening at the moment you
know today is my aunt and uncle's
birthday kiss they're twinsies no they
were the are twins
um just made-up joyless they're actually
good and it's their 50th birthday so
it's kind of a big deal so I have to
remember to call them today
and um I also need to call the American
Embassy because I need to get something
what is it called again
hmm I need to get what is it called it's
some weird name I can't remember okay I
have member but it's it's called
something really strange like a strange
nickname that I had never heard of
before because I'm not born in Ireland
which is so stupid because I'm an Irish
citizen anyway I shouldn't need to get
this what I do which is just a pain and
behind because the Embassy is in Dublin
and then like I don't know if I'm gonna
be able to get it in time I can't get it
in time
Ben we cannot be married huh the wedding
come rob we're almost back in a year now
son just went away
my teens baked it's kind of funny that
on the actual 365th day of the vlogs I
think that that is the day I had the
appointment
isn't that so ironic that a year later I
finally get that little anything fixed
with the yam
name of the thing that the girl is doing
d-rose shouting at the screen I can hear
you shouting I just can't interpret your
shouting into words
unfortunately it's like what no it's not
a veneer no because that's what it
wasn't yet the crown thank you
no not you you know yeah thank you crown
I'm gonna be crowned king
it's a feels like what is it called it's
like a flattened mark okay maybe I can't
remember Jonathan said a while ago
however what the name is um anyways so I
need to have that and I don't know yeah
and you took that and then I need to
have like we'd have passports and all
that kind of stuff and birth Surratt's
and whatnot but cause I'm an Irish
citizen I should just be able so both
like I both I have American citizenship
and then I have Irish citizenship to
have Italian citizenship that's another
story
um so I actually just voted in it me um
yeah that was fun yes I did no clue what
I was voting for but I asked my husband
so he told me um but I have no idea like
I don't even follow like Irish politics
let alone
let alone Italian products so yeah I was
kind of I'm always just like what the
hell am I supposed to do anyways um so
yeah I need to get this stupid document
I think to bring the embassy today and
see if I can get it on time cuz yep um I
really hope that I can
although Anna's got loads of chores to
do I hope you ain't scaring the American
Embassy we need to get permission tell
America can a poor Irish boy met an
American citizen yes truly poor Irish
boy if we go off the air busy you've got
like you know like potatoes in your hand
you know it's like pizza I'll give you
all these potatoes no I don't get why I
sound like an English best lucky back in
embassy in Dublin try and give it a try
fest mcdeere's
here we go at the Liberty Island you
know Ana flies into JFK and I have to
get in the boat into Liberty Island I'm
signing in there of the one Jonathan Oh
Joely Cairo farmer and vlogger I know I
have a potato Barbara I think I'll just
moved on also in this 2011 1911 holy
crap we live in the future man I'll be
spin quite good a bit lagging behind
he's not doing it too much 1 lb weight
scene as always ahead though I think
it's starting to rain oh and I'm in
shorts look Jordan son like short me dr.
rain come on guys it's finish our walk
before you start bring me we should just
turn around got a completely wrong
things to get done what I wanted to get
the crown part done first so I ran I was
like ok look if you guarantee you're
going to the crown thing I'll go get the
others things fixed like she's replacing
all like I wouldn't say silver but like
the metal e silver looking fillings
things they're taking them on and
replacing with like a nice sort of like
a white one or something like that
barely you look better when I laugh and
smile yeah I got them booked in for this
week so
Oh silly these are so funny
little Susan architectural display to go
around here today look at these
buildings that kind of cool-looking
little crane and stuff that's quite cool
come on check those out later on
are you teaching you doing architectural
did you have a thing on today
oh goodness it's raining we're just
sending my sister Emma her birthday card
what oh yes prompt it and say us we're
sending her this wooden here
and at um both bus
I'm going to get a Charlie and I had to
go help Erica I get it because you can't
do it fires OH
and wait this longer there's nothing
better Jonathan better
am I better
here we ever
okay this one
yay could I stop it
okay let's go Yelling's dumb shampoos
and conditioners and body bags are
getting this body wash shampoo
okay look we just ran this really weird
cookie brand called
Otis Spunkmeyer - I don't know thanks
sir okay
but thank you for offering so we're
going to mind point because Erica needs
to get a present for her little friend
everybody's on that bro she was my other
sister Emma she's not that was Erica's
promotion and not in Ocean City video
but enemies were getting Americans
friends who shall remain anonymous
present oh my god Jonathan is going to
kill me
so after we got back um my mom and Erica
had lunch here and it's no 443 ha ha no
it's now 443 and the video is not up yet
oh my god Jonas is gonna kill me but he
should be okay about it because
yesterday the video didn't go up for
ages either so it's kind of equal now
but oh my god that was really nice
actually we had a really good day um we
had shrimp or like prawns for lunch
tomatoes mozzarella bread on what kind
of stuff um I forgot to like blog a any
of it though cuz we're having so much
fun eating um but yea Jonathan's pretty
much gonna crucify me right now cuz I'm
so late
uploading the vlog and he's almost he's
gonna come home like in like any minute
so yeah I'm in trouble
sorry
Jonathan just progress that's too bad
I'm sorry I knows encroached he just
literally that management and it made
this crannies and oh my god I'm a my fat
man am I too fat for my own oh like I
broke this what we switched it around
and now I'm holding this - there's no
more switch around ago we thought we've
used up all decision around what are we
gonna do we could swap this out for the
one in my room yeah that's a single Sun
little bed it's hardly a double bed
either sake this is ridiculous
purp yep no it's not his fault though
cuz he was jumping on it it's dying Oh
monkey man was like fair enough that was
monkey man but this wasn't this was
nothing he Larry just got into the fan
doin crack oh look they're scared now
let's eat dinner and then we'll figure
out what to do after
