Monday Monday hey lovely lover nipple
crimps me nipple clamps nipple cripple
nipple cripple things I know sensitive
breast he always crosses at a red light
so I don't wait I just don't wait I use
my intuition well then I teach them the
straight-across goes I keep standing
safeguard it's just if you guys live in
Ireland okay you know what I'm talking
about everyone like like everyone's just
parked pretty much under yellow box
right never I know everyone she's like
in a mess it's so many times it's happen
that we're crossing the road and a car
comes and has ever been an incident how
are you you have to jog nope
yes time many a time hey Leroy jethro
gibbs well you know this right and it
goes all great that's the sea that's
gonna be the end of the next scene thank
you you don't ever walk into you
wouldn't know doesn't know so and the
massive thunderstorm has just arrived
and head size and
it's ready for the beach well it's gonna
be water so we're just gonna have to
spend quite a long time roaming around
the streets of Tesco the streets of
Desco okay so it is actually still
raining oh no frizzy I'll be fun that's
a quick walk to to stem the quick two
step walk coffee from a booth that's
terrible coffee coffee and you like to
start the books a coffee it was fun okay
I'll admit I will admit it this is that
the other thing that the Germans of the
Spanish the Italians stuff that we had
it was fun it was fun it was fun well
yeah now let's get ready to tango let's
get right tango Fox this I'm sorry
not only would I hate you tell watch
itself
a balloon goopy do persons right data
status go do it it's really hard once
you get there you're applying it so you
know I use over it okay
I'll beat you want Li
but I can't do it it's oh haha I know I
got stretched man that's it don't let go
got garlic does not like their balloons
can collapse in a minute
let's early make the noise maybe it
comes up did you like it safe now it's
safe to come in oh goodness sake down on
the scared what are you doing
what what is your major malfunction
dougie oh my goodness guys it's probably
going to rain I'll be don't bark this is
quite honey that the toilets in the walk
now that's quite handy we're use the
bathroom just pop in there oh look
here's this runner he's a bit late he's
like a day late God he's so slow wait a
second where's the gentleman is it doing
everything okay we never obviously
didn't make there wasn't me to make the
headlines that day but it's like a
little mini like ghetto blaster it has
like a CD thing you stick the CD in and
then it goes we have the Saturdays I'm
and Cena loves no she hates them you put
it on and then she's trying to pull it
out yeah she's just like oh I see
there's difference and you guys got hey
yeah could you see me huh I seen those
oxys where's mommy stuck in this sniff a
barnacles
many crabs here Krabby Patties any crab
Cena whoa there's like no time there's
like no water here today it's gone okay
so in taxco have these new end takeaway
things they're really cool look how much
rice you get you get a nice little
corner man suffered and we're like yeah
yeah let's go ahead get that don't the
awesome idea you know never really
looked at the packaging when it said
microwave only microwave only and
microwave only so I like rice as you all
know we have a micro no wave therefore a
micro no way is not really going to be
effective in this particular situation
so the oven obviously I've been cooking
okay so we need three oven dishes oh
wait we have one oven dish
so our
plan is to divide the food by putting
the korma and the rice and then the
vegetable curry and sort of divide them
up like that into one big casserole dish
that we have so Mike's just thinking
just excuse us out there momentarily
let's get out all the putt all right
thinking like oh you've got so many
putts managed to destroy all of those
pots but we keep them here because it
looks nice but don't be fooled by their
watch that again take the right side
it's racing well pluck the rice and
pluck the right in the middle okay like
so okay so far so good
okay then I'm gonna guess that these
well that taker at the same time okay
it's okay kids I am a trained idiot
let's go ahead and put the vegetable
curry one in here like so scan your side
a little bit all right
and then let's get the chicken korma one
and let's plop it in here excel
kind of kind of works kind of like me
yeah yeah okay all right all right
so I shout the rice a little bit so that
she cooks all right she looks quite nice
isn't it don't worry about the messes
but um that's pretty much how you solve
your problem I'll show you in a little
bit what that's gonna look like because
I'm pretty sure it's gonna look crazy I
hope it doesn't want anything that gets
all watery it sort of expands expands
like they've made some huge casserole
dishes there there we go handmade by me
Oh made maybe I could just add it to
this part and then I'll just be like Oh
guys I just I just whipped up this meal
here
you know she's something like I like to
call it the veggie rice korma you know
you know 27 minutes later and we okay
that's not complying let's see oh god
it's hot
mmm are you darn good actually I think
this might have been a success this is
my nabina successful it experimentation
experimentation hmm nice and browned as
well it's my to be a much better way to
cook it come to think of it now tell me
if it well this is worked out because
there's no cross-contamination cuz look
that's my section which I've cut off
here there's a section here which I was
just like kind of scooped out with the M
scooping this is a scoop person I use
the scoop person or the slapper the
slapper is okay but the sku person is
good
then you've got the wooden slapper oh my
mother used the wooden slapper on me
you'd hear drawer opening you'd be like
you know that Sam said like one time you
brother we snuck into the drawer and we
like like broke it we didn't break it we
broke it enough so it like the almost
broken you know so then when she gave us
a slap it actually broke in half and she
felt really guilty boy we were clever
hey being abused as a kid did the best
in you
