well hello there
love toys long time no see a waiter
creepy oh I don't know where that came
from but we're gonna go for walkies I
like the effing one that bit lucky when
I was like you cursed in your video
didn't curse by said effing instead of
you don't want think so Joe Nathan oh oh
you bring that down now just when the
dishwashers on oh I put on the
dishwasher well holdy look a color of
you don't call me brand future is so
racist you are so pretty
Jonathan just because I'm Italian and
you're not doesn't mean you can say that
I can Brown movie thank you
did I get it organize your to your
animals edibles what orgonite yep okay
Basso what guys I'm editing my tutorial
and I actually can't do it I talk too
much my video right now it's like 30
minutes long like I don't know if you
people want to see that I don't think
they do I think they wanted with really
short and snappy but then I always feel
like if I make my videos short and
snappy I lose all of my personality like
all of do you ever feel that way John
with it like if you make them too short
and snappy it was it's different with
the blog but I missed my vlogs I think
that for me it's like the more sometimes
people complain a unique videos too long
but I find out like it's not too
different in order to give you a life
horse nor to make it organic you need to
have the lamp but you can have maker
trails that are like 20 minutes long
well no offense if you make make another
20 minutes Ilyich I enjoy them like
because I'm interested like I'll watch a
15 minute video of how to do your makeup
like no problem but some people want it
like really quick to the point rising /
yeah but I come forward I like listening
I like just listening cool oh yeah Anna
puts on makeup video so I just like
badly just listen just like a radio show
I don't even know what you're talking
about but somehow listening to my voice
is Stanley listen his voice is yeah cuz
I hate cuz usually when I edit my videos
I feel like I'm editing all the
personality out take out all the makeup
spoil and just leave the personality
yeah just all this between like I'll be
like I was talking about you know
putting on my concealer and this is
weird cuz if you've watched the video
already you know if I've left this in or
not but I'm trying to get like it snappy
and trying to get it down like the the
size the time of it what the late so I'm
like putting on my concealer and the job
is actually done but then I'm like okay
I'm just gonna put some more on my chin
because I had this like massive spot and
it was really disgusting so I'm just
gonna put some more on and it's kind of
like a funny mo it's not like hilarious
looks like oh my god a stove wait but
it's just like it a little moment where
I would usually if it comes to like you
know where I'm trying to cut it down I
would usually cut that part out because
it's not like informative it's just like
my personality do you know what I mean
but I want to know if people want that
or if they don't like I don't know I
think the people that know you like your
true subscribers like want that but then
the people that just come to your
channel because they see like makeup
trail for somewhere or whatever and
watch it for the information they will
get annoyed they'll be like okay I get
those comments all the time like get to
the point and I'm like but no you know
what I'm saying
the point is the tongue nail because the
tummy is usually to finish look yeah
true or you could just go to my blog I
don't know I think I like the rambley
videos but once they're not like 30
minutes long whatever you have
it seems like oh it's toriel's of boring
skip to light the talky one like yeah my
one of my most viewed videos is a 15
minute well no but it's a 15 minute long
makeup tutorial maybe I should have more
like 50 minutes long
oh my goodness it's a little baby birdy
it's okay
you okay
I think he's okay
happy she'll mm-hmm yeah I don't think
he's okay though we put him in him in
there
Boop
you get him yeah yeah I pick him out of
birds since anus you would be forgiven
to think that you're actually watching
yesterday's vlog because I'm cooking a
chicken with the chili and the peppers
I'm putting the bagel but that's okay
it's okay cuz it's not it's that from
the next day but uh I'm a simple man who
likes simple things and if I like
something I'm just going to go ahead and
eat it every single day and we had two
more of those chicken things and some
more deities and the bagels and I was
like I'll just go ahead and make the
same finger yesterday because it was
tasty
okay it was a tasty treat and we're
gonna blogtv tonight which is kicking on
a half nine which is two hours away so
there's no point making too much of an
effort of a big meal it's not right guys
isn't it all right yeah that's like that
I got bitten
look fitting on my freakin leg man start
it really hurts I don't like it I do
never liked it so much things up I
decided use red peppers today and as you
can see it's completely difference is
it's not as more of a drier sort of dish
I also because yesterday's the way it
worked out I decided that I was actually
gonna burn to it Abay goats this time I
know I just felt like that would
probably you know add to a different
sort of a texture you know just just so
we know two different day like four
people think of the same man this is
this is just a video and repeat yo huh
let me terrible Albie oh we gonna roll
over the gate your belly room oh okay
Cena need to come without that you did
the timer where is it where is the
monster where is the monster
frickin monster yeah that's the joyride
all right now to my little trick
technique we just kind of pay off I
don't know why to call paying would
scrape up all the burn key bits but
before you all start hating on me oh
this is the non burnt one going to Anna
as you can see I have taken the burnt
one because that's what good husband's
do what do you think huh did I do it
again
did I pull it out of the bag again mmm
dish McGee oh who drove his dish man
Theo's American German work shell oh
what'd you guys think I was something
you know hey smell was likes it hey come
on guys of you a bitch now what you know
we need to go to Alma's house because we
need to deliver a web cameo and yeah oh
my god kind of messy in here kinda messy
this what happens when javis does the
cookie cookie so mind office come on til
Faso we need to give her webcam so that
she can Skype my sister and I who's in
Newport what yeah I don't know what I
collect my makeup I use the palette the
covergirl palette that Nathalie with an
H gave me what about her everything
extremely slowly
so thank you Natalie it's like kind of
like thing is called shimmering sands or
something so yeah what makeup are you
wearing you look disgusting you're such
a freak come on let's go I know you
don't look discussed the face
he was not very flattering but I mean
you're looking no Joffe is come on
you're gonna be late for your own
meeting guy we gotta go live life stream
starts blood TV starts in like 40
minutes and we do not have time for this
kind of coupling cuz this is what
Jonathan does he like schedules blogtv
the most awkwardest times oh I can't fit
everyone schedule yo come on okay
minecraft lost track at a time you know
what guys
I built a well I'll be good water system
to one of my friends okay really
dropping off the web camera so we can
Skype to EEMA emma is a new part man
she is cruising with the boat in people
she's having a summer vacation in new
Portman and we say Emma Emma what you're
doing in Newport Emma ready hello hello
keep kitty Oh little Nicholas still
Nicholas mmm little Nicholas Oh phone
apparently was acting a bit funny boom
that's it phones are registered ya Dums
it
i dun zo how you feelin us oxys hey
maybe
Nikolas Nikolas Nikolas okay hey guys
what have you baked oh did you not Eric
you made some num nums but I can make no
num nums for me mm-hmm where's my Agra
hmm-hmm-hmm bye Oh bye you're a weirdo
mom we must depart but it's a muster
party
Ransome I'm pretzel out chicken let's
see that's for Munich and pretzel out
chicken do this carry on when we leave
them okay guys won't be long mine the
car okay good now munches for the blogtv
I hope everyone's being sweet into the
blog TV but in the clue of somehow
people to just give us sweets into
blogtv it's like true time at the screen
and they somehow appeared in my
tum-tum-tummy familiar places like ten
times bigger what's more this whole
place now it's crazy
getting big think of the bigger and
better hello it's empty
well mine is gonna be so cool when it's
like this used to be like a tiny little
petrol station now it's like John Lewis
okay it's quarter past 9:00
in 15 minutes to be on the stream okay
15 minutes do you want to start the
apology now
we got four minutes for four minutes to
save the ball around boy know that light
is not helping the situation
oh come on green green oh man a power of
thunder oh go go go go
oh crap polio got polio do you suffer
from crap polio sir oh who was it
who's the smelly bum was it you oh my
goodness guys totally forgot to put the
vlog kitties on probably cuz we're so
super tired but uh do you want to hey ho
you guys want a hey ho can I get a hey
ho hey ho faster
I want more Hays than I want more hos
and then to finish it off with a couple
of you guys can I get a hashtag you guys
who is first oh I miss it I miss it oh
it's still going I just like just leave
the camera here you guys are all
featured on the block tomorrow do you
realize that do you guys realize that
what are you doing over there oh you
just get someone someone just got kicked
what could you see that we're still here
it still happened it's still going on
it's still going on as X memory acts as
tired as I'll be cocky on mr. Baker
there's Emmett Jesse oh it's pulling
back oh and we tried to attendee bears
tired
we're tired teddy bears right now guys
that's what's happening we're on the
blog TV cuz we're hard or high-court
hard for what they just happened it's
raining in my craft world
I'm rending Anna's video and it's
raining in Minecraft world so while it's
raining I'll be good boy Xena has a Bui
bum has a stinky stinky poo e bum who is
a stinky Bui bum hmm
she feels bad about it to somebody over
here he's holding their nose
huh right there got my joy I am thinking
up up up up up time to have a little
wishy-washy oh yeah yeah
okay here Johnson yeah here
girl good girl see now you can clean bum
did you get it all
okay
okay okay okay okay okay
oh the quick one Oh God alby's probably
like shivering in the other room boy not
me next
for me thanks I gotta go die thanks I'm
gonna come from you tonight take me away
oh okay go crazy
oh she needs to be kind of dried off
well that's your department oh my god
I'm coming in Cathy wants to play a game
whatever you don't wanna be moved in
everything is still raining it's still
raining in Minecraft oh come on man
it's actually still raining pop outside
my little chouchou oh my god oh crap I
fell in the water
it's actually still right just it's
finished Figaro stealer
big girl stealer
how do you plead who comes down it's
raining a Minecraft on the one-stop
finished off yeah that's it
trade upload I have it yeah you can
