I'm sorry I didn't realize okay look we
just took the candles away though so we
can leave it here but then you guys
notice on the video but I actually burnt
my foot I burnt my right foot then here
somewhere there's a little patch of hair
gone the matter is sinking away I can
smell it later like I even start crying
oh my god it's an emotional thing to do
excuse me excuse me I'll go for walkies
let's all go for a walk leave mommy over
there because she has hay fever but we
can run through the hay another
smashingly sunny day today wowzers I
could get used to this
he used to dissuade her every single day
please
all I'm missing is a beach pity the
beach yeah because every time I watch
our vlog like I start crying yeah I've
heard like so many times over that it's
like you can even hear my voice I don't
I know other people who talk about those
things like you can't do it without
getting emotionally upset you can't
thank you for you you're like a mile
away huh for you and were you a mile
away
oh we should do a doggie Meetup everyone
brings their a really good idea I'm like
okay that's not like a fairy tale idea
that's like a good idea and why in real
life my dear you should get everyone
that watches our blog it has to be in
quark I suppose if we did in friends no
we did it but they'd have to bring their
dogs oh my god have you seen what do
love that that would be amazing
we found some water it's a little bit
sloppy but its water mm-hmm
Sina get out of the cave I want that in
here but come on guys walk down here a
little bit I gotta go though Lily Tomlin
my finger just in case you go there too
far
special bagels today oh yeah we're gonna
get some Irish free-range chicken
skinless breasts Phillips Island and
we're gonna fry these bad boys up we're
gonna put them in some bagels there's
normally what yeah I'm gonna have my
little barbecue but I don't have a
barbecue so we're gonna have to do what
we've got so I'm thinking we can fry
them up but the Basil's let's start off
with some extra virgin olive oil then
we'll dip into this collection here just
to make it kind of spicy and I see I can
make it those sort of a paste no let's
get some chili powder chili powder huh
not too much but not too little at the
same time you want to taste it you know
you can see we're going for it here at
Saturday chili chili concoction bit of
salt
if they can't get it to them
now I'm gonna slice it up while I'm
cutting it I always do that I never am
cut the chicken and then put it in I
always put the chicken in and then cut
it while it's actually cooking I don't
know why I can't tell you there's a
better reason for it or a taste reason
or anything it's just I do it I'd be
doing it now the chickens off chick
chick chicken II see kinda like all
shuts up a bit while I was cooking it I
don't know why marinate for a while now
one I would just go ahead and slice
these with the bagel slicer but because
this is like we're making a special meal
kind of bagel
today we don't know what a connector
that's a knife okay and it's the way I'd
say it because there's like a and it's
like fun if I was gonna toast them but I
might grill them so they cook at the
same time you know writer not me to
toast one and then make it an interceder
you know I'm saying I'm saying cuz I'm
tryna make just like savory yo once the
chickens almost done the final
ingredients a little bit more chili
it's like rebel chili sauce but then of
course summit is over while I'm cooking
Miami in chili sauce you know just gonna
add a little something extra to the
texture again of course just to the
claimer I don't actually know what I'm
doing and I'm kind of making this up as
I go along because to be honest I have
never cooked chicken using those spices
while adding this and then putting it on
a bagel nor have I ever fried a bagel in
there like that okay
so just FYI okay making it up as I go on
doing something all right how we doing
in here all right
toasting nicely yeah I suppose clean as
we go always the mono updated lot about
it's another new song I just made up I'm
full of songs I'm a songwriter I decided
to join somewhere I tried to throw in
some yellow peppers as well just to add
some like you know textures on plus I
put them in late because I like when
they're crunchy and fresh so I don't
want them to cook for very long and then
I'm gonna put some spinach baby spinach
on the bagels and stay committed I
like that nice and frosty an ass
untasted treat just taste it so fiery
burn hell volcano lava just some of the
words I would use to describe the
spiciness of this chili yum Yum's would
you like to see what we end up with
so we deliver it
so we deliver it lunch what they will do
you'll need the water that's why we
brought up the water why it's jelly I
marinated it in the chili sauce let's go
down let's never ever clean them yay
let's see the circle of love forever
forever and ever
what do you think well I agree with you
no thanks make this box big enough for
me do anything you have a nose or phone
she's running with a stick in her mouth
bitch
she's such a retard I don't think ever
did that let's have a look at our puns
well goodness we need to get water back
in here
sunshine is like I look at the status of
all blooms here geraniums where'd it go
what's your mom call these again irises
the iris has bloomed bloom bloom and
iris Oh be careful of the chimera caught
in the web there be careful let me tell
you so happy because it's like an
unsupervised parts listed safer there's
nothing here for them look at the
rosebush the size of the roses on it
mom I could've just come here yesterday
look at the floor
know what it saves a lot of time into
manly chores
no it's not turn on a bee
howdy try making this huh we've made
this pond that we you and I together as
a team huh all right you followed the
whole his bike and turn it on goes
pretty far back guys the bushes she just
Larry here no lay down there now always
when you're turning out worries as don't
ones it's always scary because these
sometimes they explode and so cue the
same huh okay okay a little bit trippy
but on the flow
before it's raining Xena this is
probably more of an appropriate one who
is it was it like a little spelling
things didn't listen cute is really
relaxing you just clean all the old
leaves and the pond here because this
house is just full of girls and well
this isn't really a lady work there's
more gentleman work so I just see you've
got here oh we have installed a new
phone will the phone work well the phone
work guys for the phone work with the
phone work if this rings we are genie oh
so T's Elsa TVs oh oh oh oh oh this
doesn't look good
well that's gonna work out very well all
right let's try pho all right go I
believe this is it I believe I have the
power work work you believe in it Xena
I believe in it you guys seen the King's
Speech hello I'm King speak Oh brilliant
that's just fantastic
hello Roger this Roger that ring hello
hello oh my god how cool is that
laughing little strawberries
and a little thing that's so cool
so mama style I did that song in the
world
woman style diet and Anna are at home
and I said you know what you know what
I'll do that I will collect WikiLeaks
cuz I'm good like that I'm good like
that I tend to be tend to me as it's
read my earlier comments that you
laughed in yesterday's video for today's
video for us but yesterday's video
people kind of moves me a little bit you
know I didn't I didn't expect to get you
know so many people saying that it moved
in so much I was just like I just wanted
to be honest I just wanted to I want I
wanted to do that for Anna and to get
the response that you guys gave us it's
like amazing it was like totally amazing
you know I'm really I'm really happy
because I know I know that Anna is
really happy you know because you know
when you're getting engaged you're
getting married it's different for guys
and girls you know but I definitely know
Fran I wanted to be the belle of the
ball and I'm just really happy that she
feels special and I thank you thank you
guys you know cuz you guys helped in the
making of the special part cuz I did my
part and then I was up to you guys here
apart you guys done your part
you guys did you you guys did good we're
like where we are we're a part of this
this engagement process we're all in on
it
my job is to do my part obviously your
part
we're like a huge family like a team
team YouTube high five everyone in
YouTube at the same time smack
that was five billion people smacking my
hand all at the same time stings a
little right let's see if we can find
Ricky Deeks she's so here around here I
think this is the Clarion here around
the corner I'm not sure I always get
that one confused with this one and that
one that's like the boardwalk Marty this
is the pion one boy in Ocean City
Rangers no sandwiches this is kind of
cool it's all blue here I like this one
why is that what you came here for
oh but I got chocolate Oh totally worth
coming here
I'll get the mess that you guys you made
a boxer like Lloyd all the stuff you
were in this box here oh I'm sorry it's
not egg is no time to talk it's very
busy person what have you I've done the
calculus put it in the bag we can be
nonchalant about it all right people
likewise siren siren siren okay you are
up there whoa let me drop the balloon
Jane from anakata
holy crap place is huge with a pinch at
maxim's are given big apartment we can
select or we like a jacuzzi bath it was
like a jacuzzi bath and
she trimmed the tickly reading on it
like sprayed on the balcony room top
floor and it was really scary and Eric's
all because I'm people see my hisses to
gave her free ice cream and then she
stopped hey captain skipper should they
skipper on your hat skipper on a like a
home dive like Justin Bieber Justin
skipper
okay guys maybe when we get home hey
home dog talk like a home dog you're
kind of hot that was the worst ball cap
he do
I'm just jealous on the block the cool
dude
is it rolling
bTW Ocean City you need ocean to the
city actual juice I know he keeps in
Ocean City that was in Newport I don't
think she can hear you because she would
have set by now howdy
Ireland's top guru and it stopped
calling guru for sure she's a very
fabulous nothing that that locally oh
he's an Aries
the bottle was in I better go I've got
something
