you know when you're with Simon in
relationship for a long time the natural
progression that relationship with both
parties are agreeing is to get married
you know that's kind of what happened in
our relationship banana you know we were
together for three years our three-year
anniversary is a couple you know and we
just ended up start talking to Anna's
like why don't we take it you know
cookie and next thing you know we kind
of we ended up getting engaged and for
the last year since we were making these
vlogs people can asking us for an
engagement story and we have already
told it because we always felt like it
wasn't worthy enough for it wasn't good
enough because you know I just left
University Anna had left University we
had no money we were just kind of we had
nothing and when you have nothing it's
very hard to do something great and
think about Anna
one thing about Anna is that how people
don't notice but she's very she is very
humble and although she comes from a
family that were able to provide her for
things that I can't provide for her and
my family never were able to provide
those things for me therefore I've never
been used to them but anaconda was and
she dreamed always of having the perfect
engagement and the huge wedding and all
these different things and you know when
it comes down but I'm not she I was
never in a position to be able to sort
of provide them for her and will meal
after University I really wanted to make
a commitment we want to make the
commitment and spend the rest of my life
on Anna because I'd never met anybody in
my entire life that I've ever loved as
much as I do
beforehand I always felt in my heart
from the data I met her when I taught my
friend
that if I ever did get her I would
definitely spend the rest of my life
confirming that I love her and today is
our one year since we got engaged and I
just you know the ring Ana has on her
finger and I know we've never we talked
about it and you can check it out but
it's actually it's nothing special guys
you know it's a Sourav ski crystal ring
because that's all I could really afford
I couldn't get her a big diamond it's in
the Tiffany setting thing and people got
all confused because the Tiffany setting
is not mean it's a Tiffany diamond and
you know everyone's like on shows the
green shorts ring and you know and Ana
and accepted that she accepted me for
the fact that I was unable to provide
her you know huge wealth and amazing big
diamond rings and all those things and I
I wasn't in a position where I could
offer anything like that but she took my
ring and she wore proudly and she's
still wearing it proudly because she
believes that it's my symbol of my love
for her it was all that I was actually
financially capable of providing you
know and it's always bothered me that I
was unable to actually give her a ring
justified or give her the proposal
because it just turned into more of an
agreement and that just sort of happened
sometimes you know but I'm I'm a very
romantic person and if I had all the
money I would fly her to Paris and or
down desean's Alizee or our casino or
some real romantic and amazing like that
but I just simply did not have any any
ability to do that and I really wanted
to and who we are
a year later and I'm in a much better
position and I always promised myself
there was no way I was going to allow
the wedding to take place without having
a proper proposal without doing
something super special for Ana and
getting or something that was really
worthy
and you know I've been kind of like I'm
the slide and sort of keep an eye out
for things and today is our it's the
year a year after we got engaged and
it's three months to the wedding and
it's our four year wedding our four year
anniversary of being together and I
think today is the perfect day and
finally give Ana the proposal that I
think that she deserves so this is what
I've managed to do today the map pack is
being released for call of duty and Anna
knows I wanted my pack for call of duty
so I came up with this idea that I would
have to come over here to get credit
because I don't use my Visa card on
PlayStation Network so I got my game
card I told her I had to come over here
to get there because I do it every time
I my pack comes out I gotta come over
here and get the credit from Gamestop or
somewhere that so came over here brought
the bag with me okay
I went to this tutors because we were in
there here today looking at wedding
rings and I managed to get her to tell
me exactly what ring she's actually
looking for which is this bad boy here I
bought a ton and I'm talking about her i
got ton of roses and white roses to be
exact because they're the ones that she
wants
I'm going to try my best and all I've
got to make the woman of my dreams know
how much he means to me and how much I
love her because this is it like this is
this is the relationship I always wanted
and I want to be the person I've always
wanted to be and I always have told what
with romantic stories order things that
I've done but I've never been in a
position to ever do anything for Anna so
Anna because I love you this is for you
do this but I've got a D head all of
these all of these roses and then we're
going to get the peppers and then make
the petals into a little apart from your
little trail but talk about it because
I'm afraid certain toxic like you guys
up to speed
this is a super hot market actually turn
off
what's bad
sketch oh my this is actually more work
that I thought that she individually do
this but sure nobody worked it oh my you
guys ever do this before
yeah I don't know what I was thinking
would be like use like make it happen
but that makes you do strange things
okay now all the app roles as I said
over but this is the thing that's this
is what you need to scroll the miss
direction because kind of probably knows
that it is for your anniversary and that
I would probably do something so I cut
this card okay to my wife-to-be and I
write something nice and sweet I'll keep
that to her now and then for the rest of
the day she won't be looking for
something because she will think like oh
my god that's a nice thing got me a card
you know because you had if I do nothing
then she'll know that something's up so
this is my misdirection I mean no way I
love you
has been for years together
yeah that's your card but I forgot an
envelope I thought a king with an
envelope and I just realized that there
was no envelope but I thought it was an
envelope with it because it was in
plastic but it there was no envelope so
I guess I forgot the envelope yeah when
I love you oh thank you
you didn't forget how could I ever
forget you bought it today
what you got on your in-game I was not
yeah you did this is probably the
sunniest day this year like it is just
so hot I'm so glad I have no hair on a
day like today head into the Popo box
the Popo box
buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh
bucks head into the Popo yo I want a
convertible mine tell Jonathan that we
need to go to the beach after this okay
he's comin make dosas if you didn't go
to the beach and I'm going to
unsubscribe
oh I'm subscribing it oh I I oughta
you're subscribed guys you know what
Aldo
let's take a moment and think about that
ha ha he's driving man he's a crazy man
we call him Joe he's a Bears and man we
call him there you go go first call up
Oh Carla oh and I had no idea I got the
card guys I was a trickster it was a
trickster I thought I was going over to
get a computer game which you had no
idea that I was getting even question
you did not even question why are you
sufficiently surprised yeah I didn't
expect that from you
I mean you make it sound like I wouldn't
remember that kind of a thing
I do
boys remember things boys can be
romantic at times
that was an ultimate plan like Ultimate
Frisbee oh my God look what Jonathan got
oh thank you I just stand there
attaching the guy in front of me and I
was like oh mustard Lane and he's like
there you go sir and I was like oh yeah
and two of them please that's what you
want on a sunny Sunday
yeah oh wait today's Friday
whatever fun a fun Friday sunny Sunday a
fun Friday they don't melt
cries number one
crazy
he's actually singing a song listen
oh my guys have been pretty Alvey
dear Xena it may not be your actual
birthday but congratulations on training
six months old so cute like there's one
frisina and 1/4 lb like how cute is that
oh my god my friend Rebecca lives right
here by the way
oh you want to talk my friend Rebecca
okay so I love these what is he
yeah the infant dog
we'll put it back in the envelope you
guys oh that is because and you only
looking for it yes sir yesterday's vlog
you were saying to me can I have a
little cover it's got a cupcake that is
so perfect for me oh my god that is so I
think it's so funny in yesterday's vlog
when I'm uploading right now I think it
actually said you're actually driving I
course the last one noise that one went
off like you know yeah I was like no I
thank you so much and it's the right
phone and everything how did you know
that listen listen listen
yeah she said to me what'd you say she's
in hi Albie listen yeah I think he
actually recognized like could make it
could understand that did you understand
yeah okay okay I'm just gonna take
everything out and then you can open
where's your toy get the toy Albie get
the joy Sina fine get the toy this is a
toy inside Philly press the toy yeah you
got it Albie you almost got it hit the
toy get the toy
she's trying to take away the bag and
he's trying to guess he knows he's like
inside an idiot super quick and
convinced Jonathan javis
you know the way it's our out of her
three well mine is just a wondered we
could go to the beach oh my use you do
they love the toy today yeah nearly
uploaded okay that's one thing Oh what
you know what the best thing for faxes
oh my god I'm actually serious I read
this in a newspaper cuz know we're
always you're reading the newspaper
apparently a little R&R at the beach is
the perfect thing for a over backache
and a headache is under two takes not
today folks huh tomorrow
Lima it's already like four o'clock
don't put on the face it's already four
o'clock I know it's our anniversary
Mimi's like no no we're going on watch
this girl went on a walk he's going on a
mother effing mother effing walkies
going on a walk is going on the wall
she's going on a mother mother effing
walkies yo doofus
you're Nina yeah lb and Xena
hey yo rival anymore I can't rap I know
it's crazy right so let's go going on
the walkies wit my family gonna go
outside where it's nicely summertime is
coming and I'd be adrift in cuz I'd
you're fast so and that's how I've been
lifting your spirits up with a baggage
easily
um we made it to the wire they were
dying for some drinky I think she's
actually sleeping in it now no I got
Farah the tide is like thought they
might run out there opiate I'll be
annoying I'm gonna Anna's vlog it is the
old luck it is for me better audio with
the window I know this yeah yeah I
didn't win his better video just about
it here doors better glass better have
stopped but this has got a better audio
look look she's lying in it I know I
think they come here born so quiet and
as posting the last of the invitations
right guys
I think we're going to do it later on
oh here
do you want to see on a super cool thing
she got Music Academy whoa whoa and I
got a happy meal and she got something
inside of it which is what's the treat I
wonder oh you're not not so that's that
that's your anniversary present to go
with the car love yo Oh
Thank You Joseph make the juices take
the juices nice bag lady
hey my friend Natalie I'll be damned no
heli my Sally
let's kill da real
sweet for you sweet potato and I think
she's an investigator something because
she's happened to buy you guys no
seriously do you know it says it because
it's probably nothing
probably nothing it's just an idiot I'd
say you're just an idiot nothing then
why are you keeping it a secret because
it's funny what secrecy we don't have
any fee would when would I ever have
time to make secrets near waiting even
you in to get the card yeah exactly
you get the card gee gee man you're
allergic to trees you're a weird over at
the grass Oh might be that to his mom I
said on the phone I'm going to try and
put candles everywhere and I'm gonna
hope these to go along with it don't
learn everything so we go kind of scared
a little bit
what are you thinking
that the kind of thing you'd like show
you see ya your torrents yeah there she
is there survived it what do you think
guys is it good okay you're gonna text
Anna's mom you wanted to tell her not to
come on down the stairs okay there we go
No
and not to let their drugs in
sitting room
send
okay
oh my goodness
follow the trail see more easier first
time so try again
