what's that a chitterlow song no nothing
easy on the Mayo yeah that was like so
50 videos ago we gonna get my hair cut
today yeah yeah nice to go to this the
scary place guys
were they did last time Kevin Scott he
is gone yes got a steady girl ah the
girl there yes honey we should not
blonde yeah okay okay we're back now
there's a girl that sits down to the
stairs yeah the last time stare at me
the whole time
would you like America sure
create a staring competition I'm not
gonna keep this up where I want did you
keep it up for Robley no blinking leave
me a comment if you win you can comment
if you lose I'm sorry losing the ability
to keep this going everything around me
is going cloudy and gray this isn't from
to us there's not a plan my eyes are
getting painfully sore coca-cola
okay 7up makes me uh why did you do that
why did you make me bring oh my god
you're pretty hot
I love it you're wearing the Sun when
maybe the sun'll come out tomorrow
you're the best thing to do on a summary
sunny day guys I'll let you know the
secret we're going better
I freaking burgers you like ice breaking
burgers guys mmm what what give me that
beggar yep yeah give me that give me
that give me that
well you don't put it back in there just
killing it pop it in close it down pop
it in and close it down how you make a
frown pop it in and close it that pop in
and close it down that is how you make a
frown don't take a frown since I may be
finished with a little witch Xena Hey oh
goodness summertime
I love the summertime oh I look at water
I miss the water I think I think next we
need to live by a beach so I want you to
live on a beach not not beside a beach
on a beach and some sort of a hutch I
don't know where they will move to like
Italy or somewhere really Mediterranean
here something this is also my new
technique for advertising oh look I
just where to teach it off I just have a
click here to subscribe if you want yeah
I'll make a tank top then just for you
huh it's definitely the summer s day
we've definitely had this year yeah I
feel like I'm wearing too much with this
t-shirt on like waters doing like
nothing want to be a nudie nudie be a
nudist part weird one ice those dogs I
have dogs follow me go see dogs there
yeah me too
no no no I understand her predicament
Ally because if I was like you with a
big furry body
I probably won't
being here - did you find a good spot
did you find a good spot
come on we're nearly home you go go home
go let's go let's go let's go
Everywhere's mommy love you I'm sorry
happy he doesn't care
until collapse here oh this is so good
emotion oh my god oh oh yeah no oh no
okay I know you read the CC that you're
innocent oh no oh yeah okay yeah okay
okay you can see a common 18 ax yeah oh
I'll be
there's that fault we love each other
we're loving people we're just friends
apparently so yeah that's what everyone
says hmm loving people okay that there's
not a cloud in the sky there not not a
cloud in the sky I just want you to
bring our food out here you know we're
just actually contemplating should we
buy a barbecue yeah I have a by the time
you gather in come on run our barbecue I
love the smell of something being
barbecued like I'm tell me what you're
talking like you're not on the built
into the diet forget Bill Clinton maybe
he barbecues is sometimes fish like my
foot
oh my god oh my god oh my god feet are
not attractive okay I'm just gonna put
anything you're you have you weird be
like squares or blocks are little square
feet Script screeched like am school no
school yes go nuts
oh but yeah I want to buy a barbecue
only like 50 60 quid in Tesco right get
a bit of coal stick it on the balcony
sniffer Rooney's be so cool what do you
think guys should we get a barbecue oh
if we can have some other produce to
this dirt she did that day the beggar
she jumped all over an object animal
water look at why she is like after this
is better all see not what are you doing
what are you doing here
Oh blue sky is so amazing oh look an
actual cloud is drifting into our path
either cloud halt give her that thing
will you lie on the ground right and you
look up at the clouds and you try and
make shapes and things out of the clouds
you and your kids over do that
yes pretty boy it's not boring
can be like the most exciting game in
the world ever oh my god guys Russia's
film called insidious last night if you
guys seen it you should totally check it
out it's like a romantic comedy no come
on it is not is it scary scary movie
it's got children involved and we put
children to a scary movie it's gonna be
ten times as scary
yeah Jonathan's never seen me naked so
he does it
I wouldn't know we have separate
bedrooms remember yeah we've never
kissed
we have separate bedrooms so when we're
in Italy like you know and we're at the
beach and I put on my bikini he's like
hot no annulment
I call it moment you guys how do you
fish away to our press one of these
buttons so you got to hold her hand like
that compress it
I'd see a fish oil oh the green man this
again man smash this man i swim to be
venomous few people there so i am
waiting in the queue so we're going to
go go to math enzymes bed and then
hopefully by the time we get back we'll
be less people there or I'm not getting
my hair cut say put my own hair right
you know maybe he'll be in scenic few
not many sure not really yeah let you
speak English hello I'm speaking English
I speak English very well good good well
well good good well the hardest thing of
walking have to pay for the mountain
point is that you think like I should
walk in class you know I just want my
counts I drop my count
I just want my god no I think you're
walking okay you just thinking like I
probably won I just saw my doesn't it's
so hard to walk past it but if you make
it past it
you're okay you're okay
in 2020 we went to the cinema wedding
wings are already present you never
really think about actually have to get
wedding rings you think like engagements
come up anything up lecture yet but
turns out when moons also sparkly game
it's funny to get to apply again but
these are all for girls right
but isn't like here it's got a little
ring around the ring back basically a
sample tray so you can't buy them
straight edge okay but any of these you
can browse it places wrong we have to
order for you anyway yeah yeah are these
management's no no no just an intimate
no not of all thing see some of these
for the most part I returned hearings
but what about it when they're doing
lately is just they want to tarnish your
rings for buns yeah that's way so they
take images yeah I've never won anything
and that's why I like giving you is the
same my first start wearing rings I just
got completely a together to get usage
did I don't get gold over what's every
time yeah that's way for more money like
this here yeah definitely
that was a good exercise trying them on
I like the Palladium one you guys have a
palladium ring or your white gold
palladium silver and titanium titanium
seems very like kind of I don't know
dollars of my like a tall one but I like
the idea to play the Oman which is kind
of
yes really like I like I don't know I'm
kind of like a like that quite go Sam's
great until you have to have maintenance
you have together like replated or
something she was saying so I don't know
about that idea of having to like manage
and maintain it what I do even like
saying palladium even tried on rings I
had rings on my fingers a lot like so
yeah I'm like g-dog de ho coming up into
place with the Sun in his face inner was
its own right was like Warren G and you
guys playing Minecraft right I want to
see my beautiful house I've been working
on it's not so cool I love it I love it
this is the village this is my village
is my neighbors hey neighbor
hey neighbor how's it going what's going
on neighbor with my neighbor over there
my neighbor's got a cow there's my
mansion it's beautiful is it beautiful
imagine it's a beautiful mansion ok
let's not do that it looks really nice
I got this M you guys playing Minecraft
I got a millionaire mod or melon err
it's like a French mod but it creates
artificial intelligence that build
cities like utter little Minecraft
eating so you're not on your own I guess
a little friend like look beautiful day
isn't it
it certainly is buddy this certainly is
and that's so cool and I can trade with
them and help them out and stuff like
that that's my friend hey buddy hey
buddy what's what's going on I could do
with some rest
oh you gonna have yourself a little
snooze you gonna have yourself a little
snooze okay yeah that's okay Jeff is
ahsoka Johnson it's just fine maybe I
could you see it's a doggy one you know
cuz I have like this on right which is
my shaver one which is like super high
powered and pretty good that's good for
like trimming your beard right then we
have this one which is the human hair
Cuddy one this is the one we bought
which is kind of like cheap and crap
then we've got the super expensive
animal grooming one but like I'd say
this will cut my hair because it's
really pop I powered you know and as
wireless as well did you guys try this
one instead
breaking her tails going okay
I'll be she's like left I'll be seems to
swish she watched him for him so he
abandon ship where's my other slipper
mmm
where's mommy Slipslop chosen one but
because it's way better
it's like rotary blade yo daddy getting
wishy-washy
it's not ill it's not your little minx
not you minx is more like a female
terminal right people look for I guess
job ever done in my life hmm tough guy
over here with this cat in the shaved
head this is a wheelman cook their hair
they don't go to no stupid-ass barber
shop ha that's for silly what's men oh
no little man
he just riding like the highway
what are you outside and start up my
fight woman okay are you serious oh boy
I don't so my life a made-up fight you
made in 87 my mom right she was talking
on the phone earlier and she told me
that she almost ran over this complete
idiot cuz he was on a bicycle he was on
his phone he was on his phone on the
bicycle and then he swerved into the
traffic because obviously you've got
right awake and have be on the phone at
the same time she swerved into traffic
and she was like oh my god Sean bumped
him like pumpkins him
and then so she overtook him because he
was just kind of being crazy so she
overtook him and she actually beeped
while she was over to over taking like
she honked her horn and he gave her the
finger right but she's telling me this
story I'm like so he's on the phone
cycling a bike and giving his finger at
the same time like how many hands does
this guy have but no I
he did he really did he got like really
annoyed at her hello you're like number
one breaking the law and over to being
like a complete ass about it and over
three swerving into traffic like she
should is madam or what she should was
running over yeah but she didn't that
was really rude of him though isn't it
yeah you imagined like and then you know
like you oh I don't know but that was
just really crazy like maybe he's very
talented up using his hands for multiple
things of a lost cause it's like doing
three things at the same time anyway I'm
way driving at the story you look like
that plan what time is up
