my mom just got our haircut messy just
kidding
and we're just leaving now and we also
went to Tesco plug that either to do
gray out what I can't was to get like
search tomorrow today is the first of
June that is exactly three months until
I get my Adana it's not crazy like only
three months in like three months time
I'm going to married
isn't that crazy like of all the talk of
getting engaged and all the other stuff
that happened but exactly three months -
today I'm getting married oh my god
how exciting what an adventure like you
know you can start a whole new adventure
a whole new life together let's just
think about today I was like first of
June I was like get married in 1st of
September oh my god
and you know what I went into the shops
by my ass
Luka said life is at you every day
another thing I gave me is like oh yeah
special promotion this comes with it so
I'm not sure what it is I think it's
like a little bag or something
well sounds like bubbly cool like a
bubble one day double win doubleday but
yeah are you so presumably excited oh my
goodness it's gonna be the craziest
vlogging time ever my sister emma is
going to the States for we think like
almost three months maybe two months
yeah for the summer anyways and she went
back for my wedding but um she's going
to Newport but not the Newport on the
west coast a new port on the East Coast
Newport Rhode Island it's not what it's
called I got that wrong sorry but the
one in on the East Coast is where she's
going and um yeah so it's really cool
she's gonna go um she's going to Dublin
tomorrow so we're having like a kind of
not celebration for life
we're not celebrating her going but you
don't know me like we're sitting having
like a goodbye kind of dinner thing
tonight so we're going to Alabama so
we're gonna be boys that they love
eating out we like hardly do it
than I or so well we're kind of saving
for the wedding and everything so we
kind of like cut back on that kind of
thing but I love love love eating out
one of my favorite things to do if
that's really sad it probably is but we
just love getting all dressed up I
probably won't even get dressed up
tonight but maybe I will actually yeah
maybe I will
so this is hilarious but I was on
Twitter and I tweeted I was like oh it's
lunch time because it's like half past
one and I was like oh it's lunch time
um and he idea what are you having or
any guesses on what I'm having for lunch
and tons of you tweet it back and we're
like bagel if everybody knows so you
guys know me really well well how could
you not like every single day I vlog or
like almost every single day I vlog
myself eating breakfast which is always
hard with soy milk cinnamon banana and
strawberries and then for lunch it's
always a bagel like so I change the
filling obviously sometimes but like
it's always always a bagel unless like
you do so um yeah you guys don't really
well that was really funny
follow me on Twitter by the way you
don't already and follow Jonathan on
Twitter as well um we both tweet like a
lot so and I have been on Twitter for
years like I started way back when I
think was even before I started making
videos my Twitter is it's just our names
as a Kony and his is at Jonathan Jolie
and then Jonathan set one up and I
remember when he first said it up he was
like what's the point though like what
what's the point of this and then he
realized that it's only when you get
like followers and you get you make
friends on there is when it's actually
fun because then you can chat to people
but before he was like just didn't get
the whole concept and I don't think a
lot of people did he just didn't get the
whole concept of like telling people in
one sentence like what you're doing like
how does that how is that interesting
but what people don't understand
is that it's really more fun when you
can chat to people like I use it I use
it to just chat to you guys and like
obviously to update you on what I'm
doing or like post twit pics and stuff
like that but that's really when it's
fun it's not fun if you're just sitting
there with like no followers and no
you're not following anybody and you're
just like I'm eating a sandwich now I'm
going to clean my room you know and
nobody's that asking you questions or
you don't ask the other people questions
and yeah so it's kind of boring that way
but Twitter is cool the fun way of like
interacting so I'm trying to try and see
not to not pick stuff off because
there's like so much crap everywhere
like litter and stuff and she there's a
funnel top like what the hell and then
there was a dead chick like a baby bird
and she almost picked that up in her
mouth but it was horrible there's like a
dead chick come on guys I'm gonna get
tangled up now Cena has officially moved
up to level 2
she's off the lead quick to free rumors
because there's no one out and we bring
being pretty good so I let her off for
now but we'll put her on when we're on
the way home with my guys she keeps his
toes like behind too much oh my god I
hope any of you guys you're in Germany
aren't affected or any of your family
members affected by this e coli breakout
this is quite scary for anybody in in
Europe I suppose cuz yeah you know
anything that like people in Germany eat
or do pretty much affects everybody else
in Europe you know and there was this
talk that it was all these cucumbers
coming from Spain but it turns out that
it only it is the cucumber's from
turning up Spain's and I was like
apologizing sorry Spain didn't mean to
put finger there at you but I looked
like it was I said and I was like well
we don't need any organic food by the
time I any food that we get from Tesco
has been so heavily processed there's no
trace of any there's also dinner
pneumonia and
chuckles and horrible stuff inside up
but there's no Conine but a goodness I
hope everyone's okay look nice it's for
Emma which is going away
big in it so we better just appropriate
yeah okay where
well she's my phone case issue you might
get an iPhone pitch
Oh little Emma gonna all go up the
little bike they gave us it's kind of
nicer
hey that's a monsoon bike yeah is the
same company
oh it's not gonna cool it comes in a
little box honor yeah he's a nice person
right she's a really nice person
what I thought she did another goodness
of her heart go in drag mamas hmm go
into waka waka mamas I was like ass
around
that's the hey you're late Napster hey
ho malari Oh
stuck in traffic yo oh wait a minute on
a solid watches the vlogs
ha ha hi sorry we were late you know
whose fault it was
excuse me excused
Oh bumper cars bumper Steen bumper Oh
Liam's oh I can smell the chicken katsu
from here I Drive a million miles for
some chicken katsu so hard to get
parking when you're gonna walk a Mama's
it's like she's so difficult but we got
a spot well I don't even know if it's a
spot but I'm hoping to Carl be there
when we get back you know not be a big
clam saying sir you should not talk your
vehicle here your world record should
not be popular so they I can actually
smell the chicken cats it from here
Canada father look at the courthouse
look at the pretty lady pretty lady
outside the courthouse oh we're going to
court and Court Court oh really yeah
what happens every breakup oh you get
out of you like it yeah that's the deal
that worked out uh-huh well you can come
visit on the weekends you're supposed to
say I'd be seen up oh yeah I'd miss that
little tear
I missed the pee pee stains in my rug
they loves me he wouldn't do such a
thing
he's such a funny thing like um you know
the way there's balloons everywhere yeah
I think he feels like the balloons need
to be peed on oh I didn't even notice
buddy he just we came back from our walk
and he came into the living room I went
over to the TV and there was a balloon
there and he just sniffed it basically
showing me where he appeared earlier
good work I wasn't I was just photo to
photo oh yeah you play yeah that's my
cool face Thank You amazed no Vincent
Walker mamma's guys
why not
Oh what did you get now he's taking
artistic who remembered you who remember
to tell you why I remember tell you what
did you got in your little infinite mess
up in the poopy give a little prod
brother
oh yes thank you
yeah oh yeah oh yeah
well then half of that put it over here
see if you can do it
I like Orbeez the rice at a time this
cake you try and pick up chicken oh yeah
I'm not very talented I mean you guys
use chopsticks my brain
like I do you get the grip part this
doesn't
seemed to work was a mighty meal might
be Mac now Erica ate all the chicken but
that is all did you just drop that hi
Erik ate all the chicken that is all
 this that's it just some chicken
that's all give this bowl of slop did
you enjoy your meal
was it a mighty meal
don't eat them they are forbidden
now if you do the surgery I should buy
Jack my facebook finder way we've got
Facebook message on my Facebook
yesterday that Eric what's up mean
hijacker we're just hold at the positive
food menu and the dessert money for the
positive food menu but it turns out that
I'm a fat so swimming and negative food
menus so I got to eat the desserts here
so we're we're Anna what are you getting
your hair white what are you get it
I didn't realize I'm not getting a
chocolate fudge cake because that's just
too much
that's good
there's a chocolate one
yeah crowns
yeah I actually regretted not
oh no you messed it up Allah Allah that
flu maybe the staff might check it out
TV the win
a fruit salad again what Eric is on the
Google Goggles impressive he's got it
so I'm gonna scatter beet salad there's
no information is it's coming it's
coming
coming you have to write that on the
menu after your hard work in a proper
you guys that's what you do this is
anything you do common great and so I
thought it said sue there's like Oh
comment raise a little bit favorite
bracket some favorites please super
favorites
boom done as part of the menu a few
visual instructions boom
this thing is incredible I can't even
figure out what have you done
Eric apparently new word the word is
free
great
Thanks I got free
you're afraid gonna know that Facebook
break
rolling River tried to say it's Ricky
and the phone said no into the age
rolling rolling
what have you done now
you like my girl
I've got two emails assumptions
refreshers I'm cool edges for sale it's
a nightclub edges for sale we should buy
it
call it Joe faces did you come to Joe
pluses oh it could be do DJ yeah weirdo
yeah weirdo Oh beat me okay nice moist
give me this beat you up Javan someone
jab you jab you in a minute
Jabba the Hutt
you
