good morning and we're at a restaurant
in our hotel and I am I'm actually
elevated resting right now the amount of
different situations I've been in more
impressed waiting for somebody so I got
a sweet and he's doing her in sasori's
Arirang yes follow on a knee on
Instagram page yet you'll never guess
what her handle is it's the big time
influencer on it and it's so funny like
your video shooters are so funny I was
watching the last night I was watching
the one mating showed us that dinner is
so funny and so I got egg whites with
think it's like walnut bread and like I
know it really just kind of laughing
something yeah and you got tennessee's
okay yeah I'm not really American
Franchesca God is that the same thing
you've got the last day yeah it's got an
ankle panini and makes it very healthy
know about me you know it helps you
enemies are Alessia this drinking milk
adorable thank you
we're back back in benefit and I've
asked you to wait this time let's you
love this all the pink I'm never I'm so
annoyed I um look at this see this one
and out already slid on her hairspray as
you know not to do with that it's about
I was traveling with look girls yes I
have did my hair this morning that's why
I looked like a bit crazy but I had to
pack as well so it was kind of full on
but I think I just wanted to give like
the hair person an idea why usually do
oh my jeans feel very much to get too
close okay level yes ten thousand said
how did you even have a photo shoot
one two three and others are - I vote
for an apartment up outside aside one
two three and on the
live long okay so we finished meeting
and now I'm getting my hair done which
is amazing I wish I had this every day
it just takes so long so long now and
too thick that's why I have like a half
up half down look the budget I'm Judith
from Alexis backyard Hassan says bus but
she's perfectly happy super fine she's
sleeping
we'll bring it
I decide to create
da da
haha
that's around I finish we're really
foreign to those four already like going
right home this is kind of like I'm just
soaking in the last of the San Francisco
son
because I know it's not gonna I mean
well I don't know actually I looked at
the forecast for London and it looks
good there's a lot of sunshine and like
temperatures seem like they're quite
high actually for this week so yeah I
know it changes a lot but according
first Apple weather app so we're just
heading back to the hotel now we've also
walked so much this trip like we haven't
actually taken any cars which is amazing
for Alessia because I brought the car
seat but I haven't had to use it that
one except for the trip to the airport
so that's good
on occasion of the peak Coffee includes
ice so obviously anyway so heading back
now and then we're off to the airport
and I can't wait to see my baby and
Amelia was crying when I faced I'm ready
oh yes
I keep calling me Alessia Amelia but
notice I'm actually Ventimiglia she was
crying when I face time morning and it
was just
it was really tough like
I almost kind of regretted facetiming
them to be honest because I think she
got more upset that was really hard
we're heading to the airport now unless
he has made best friends with Annie and
Francesca like she's going to be so sad
now I mean she won't realize but I feel
like she just she she won't know herself
like where am i - like I do not even
unnie that you know by America - Cisco
pretty I didn't get to see the Golden
Gate like up close
but can you even go up close on that
it's not just like cars opening you know
let's make you with your climate this
like oh yeah no I don't want to do that
okay with that yeah that's fine let us
recapitulate we can stand again by you
do it now yeah that's what I mean yeah I
know but I mean we literally were here
for like was it to night what it was
so I had it in my head it was three but
it's not it was tonight yeah I'm reason
- yeah because one night is a light okay
so we were dropped at the wrong terminal
so good noise doesn't like Clark
confusion and basic you drop that there
on terminal to have to get a train which
is fine if we have a baby so it's a
little bit and like for suggest about my
suitcase her suitcase this is a love
stuff and then Annie thought that Harry
Hawk was a lot it's not a month it's a
lot of stuff we are trained
all right so it turns out we weren't as
badly screwed as we thought we were with
slit vietri it's just a two minute walk
I think throwing the other terminal now
and it only took two stops on that
shuttle thing was it raised a train I
thought he meant like a proper like
train but it was actually just an
airport shuttle fine we're almost home
not really on our way to the club
where's the Mickey Mouse Club yeah this
is cool hi
that's cool mighty Oh God anything
that's not nice this is like spring
right here so much good oh okay so many
months when I was going to do anything
all day they might as well not not a
situation hotel any pain I don't know
you said low the letters this is the K a
your head okay a piece said
12 new M chapter and hoodies on the ice
of the
it has really men you better have a turn
I always do I always like look forward
when I finish in me I'll look forward to
the next one unless I feel like busy
constrict
in my country
wrong package we catch you they're very
smart collector smell
this is the older clean
Oh
and on my before
right we upgraded
laughter - no they did not
naina who wanders over here chilling
many numbers
so good like she's a gorilla got
grandma's like not like jump on a chair
times women reading and math
no takers
and if you want a career change
watch
and it's all like me good luck this time
media such a good trick goodness you
chicken baby bonus
she was so that I have been on
the way over better on the way back
better on the way back Leslie made all
the senses
locations I keep going so life becomes a
pain so it's fine
but it's like couple three months like
yay we made it through security or not
security password so that's it's just
starting to get bit fussy we've got our
stuff yeah that's it whoa
can you manage well that was so quick
compared to this ice less yeah we're
going to be back soon and the rest as
they say is history
have you missed me friends have you
missed me
oh the wall okay don't why the fact that
I look like in warning I don't know
maybe you have seen the farm farmer
Jonathan
well I committed to the role died and I
shave to look like a girl when I was a
couple of days ago so it's come back a
little bit on the roof anyway hope you
enjoyed as videos of her time in San
Francisco tomorrow we should be back to
normal
well not really because tomorrow I've
got some I shall a little behind the
scenes footage let's film in the heart
farm video and I think I saw when I was
that Robbie was right on Saturday and
I'm there may be a little little bits
and pieces a few bits and bobs bits and
bobs free there lads
yeah but yeah how do you missed me I
know you have I know you have sometimes
absence makes the heart grow fonder so
tell me tell me now with all your words
and glory what he needs me at all yeah
goodbye friend I'll do you tomorrow Oh
Oh
