what do we do is now punch es terrassa
maybe I'm there same thing have everyday
slop
girls bye bye see you later bye
what grace you'll probably say writer to
our infinite crazy world
case by Cena
javis is not care it's like are you
eating spicy not wait forever
bye tell me because oh yeah gosh gosh
you're a good boy huh pleased to meet
you sir hmm I love you I love you very
much Lee you guys know things are called
like crackers or Jack Cracker Jack I
don't know what they are your little
pots and you got is a popcorn
choppy kind of where the openings all
squished together
I don't what they call my my aunt ha ha
my
like what what's the in Jojo vez
joke
well my grandmother's sister his name is
Nancy lives in New York and she always
you know she always Pacific we'd always
call her aunty aunty hello I name was
Nancy and she's my grandmother's sister
so great and I don't know what it is but
yeah we always got accidentally and she
Nancy together she'd always bring these
a little laughs he's a little
crackerjack her how they're called
thingies from the US I love them I know
what they're called EEPROM they're
available can you get them they were
like a little box right should always
bring the Sun thing is as well they're
like little saltiness so we always get
our little boxes of sultanas or raisins
which everyone was and then this little
box is like like a chocolate popcorn
Ursa Minor I has been like 20 years or
something since I've had them I kinda
remember name but you guys any idea what
I'm talking about
or am i a crazy mom well we've already
established I'm a crazy man
okay that's not that's not pretend
today's the last day of May when I
rhymes also might have had a little
snafu on the blogs guys I was doing the
mathematics okay we go back to the first
block that we ever made
you'll notice it says June 14th
now if you look at what number this vlog
is okay what their moments ago you would
have noticed dad oh gosh
hi pipes well Oh crazy we're back on
track
okay do you ever notice that so I just
filmed a tutorial for my channel the
stylized channel somebody actually left
the comment on one of the last vlogs and
they were like design I have Pro and
Channel I was like duh
no I wasn't kidding but um yeah we're
gonna go for walkies right now not right
mommy's just putting on her shoes
but um yeah it's a really fabulous day
today again although it's changeable so
um I want to go out and enjoy the
sunshine so we'll bring you guys a long
room pocket or anything I'm sorry you're
probably sick of like are you sick of
being cooped up inside all the time
on the blogs I mean um oh it look what
we got breakfast at McDonald's I might
go and do that on Thursday um look look
at this ridiculous setup guys this is so
funny
right I was trying to get like a mirror
sorted because I'm I can't look into the
the camera viewfinder thingy on my
camera because it messes up like it's
not like true to you know it's not like
a mirror its viewfinder so look what I
did
these are two pictures that we got from
a girl I think her name was Jemma
they're really cute actually but
Jonathan hasn't hung them yet because
he's just lazy um but I just put my
model mirror which is this thingy here
it's really cool on there and it looks
absolutely ridiculous but I want to hang
those really bad I'm gonna hang one
there right there and then one of them
there um but they actually came in handy
because they weren't home so um yeah but
you know the videos that I make for a
while other channel it's not about what
it looks like you know I ran the actual
cameras it's about what it looks like
just on camera so it doesn't really
matter but we're gonna go now and
here is such a mess like actually look
like it shows a little gremlin anyways
but we're gonna go and we're gonna go
for a walk II change someone else a mark
got the same phone as mean they just
told me that this thing called Google
Goggles you guys know about Google
Goggles right check this out this is
totally amazing right
snack bar put glueten phone over it
right
press the little Go button right here
somewhere
I get it look scans it didn't work that
time I think I move my hand a lot home
we'll go again we'll go again
okay scan through your hand yeah like
that breeze it's not so cool Google
Goggles check it out the App Store Joe
Court coffee roasters and this is the
crocodile tank all the time and just
appear Limburg eagle take videos back to
show making a coffee but this is what
we're having
I'm here with my
a cinnamon Danish and I'm having a
chicken sandwich with having coffee but
this is my first time ever being in the
actual camera to be ceiling
see so if you're a very important
definitely coffee actually a nice place
on apparently it actually translates as
well so now she went without manual here
for a desk check oh gosh this is like
this is becoming a review a user testing
so look great we have some friends here
you're going to see if it can actually
translate that into English so on see
does it work okay and now show me the
text press on the text improve them to a
webpage it's not directing translating
it all up translate if possible digi HD
printer what that's it you don't need to
learn language this would be an amazing
name if you had in school or we doing
like a languages exam you could just use
Google Goggles just like pointer things
be awesome Jonathan's gonna kill me
because I'm just by and um I really did
not I didn't upload the blog yet so he's
gonna be so mad at me but so we just
organized our civil wedding here in in
Ireland because that's where we're
getting married like like legally is
over here I went there with my mom so
that falls toward a night now which is
great and Jenny went to Joe's like like
I showed you guys and I actually met one
of my favorite um actually not my
favorite teacher from secondary school
which was really cool and it's so funny
because my mom told me um hold on it's
so funny because my mom told me that he
goes in there like that he's a regular
there whatever I was just we went in I
really enjoyed in live shows I
slurp like that out there I quite enjoy
interacting with you guys on that and
then live platform okay so when I don't
like about it I don't like the crappy
little camera and crappy lighting in a
pixelation and you know what I'm
thinking I've never even talked it to
something I can actually do about that
there's something I can do about that
so I said Google just on our time that's
what I think Google sounds like yes John
Iten would you like a glass of water
so I said Google tell me about
high-definition web cameras hmm what
kind of camera would you like Jonathan
and I said Google I'm interested in a
high-definition web camera for
broadcasting in high definition
highly likely on blogtv Jonathan I see
all your options but I think best for
you now yes camera to be had
hmm yo dad seems yes let's go go
when the hell did you become a Jedi yet
I always I am Google hmm
wait we could Google spoke to you like
that after day was that crazy the
greatest train of thought train of
thought isolate the train of thought
train our talk isolating I am so um
turns out that there was two sort of
like high-end like really really good HD
ones right my options were and there was
this one call it was a Logitech pro nine
CD or something like that right and it
was like super expensive and it was a
big huge camera thing and Penny's
amazing so you know as you do on to the
YouTube mm-hmm your trick video oh my
god and and yeah so I would say this
one's really crap the audios weak rapid
and it's not as Windows when I was
thinking all windows really knows good
no I say
and so I checked it out and it turns out
that the actually windows one is really
good it says that the hardware is
awesome the software is crap she kept
this stupid little software so quit but
it all goes wrong but I don't need a nap
because I'm not trying to record with it
all I want to do is to broadcast on the
blog so I'm gonna go and I'm gonna go
pick that up right now
righteously so which means that I might
go and spend all this money on this new
camera you can be damn sure I'm going to
get my words out of it which means we're
going to be on blogtv every single night
no way or not but I'm probably I'd like
to be on Wednesday night is I was just
going up on Wednesday Stangl tomorrow
morning just going up on Wednesday what
then maybe tonight were you guys I made
actually a beyond the block TV I am so
anything now is it out the tire you're
tired of it tired of it are you out
alright go to net out of address tonight
see the mother should buy murmuring so
that's great we have our wedding booked
like our Irish wedding only problem is
that I have to get some camper one it's
called it's written on the forum anyway
um something from the states because I
was born I wasn't born in Ireland I was
born in the US which personal even
complicates everything even more so I
also have to renew my passport so yeah I
have to do all that stuff so I need to
get in touch with the American Embassy
and our preliminary whatever it's called
thingy is on the 4th of July isn't that
kind of weird
it's kind of easy to remember though so
that's just basically where we go in and
have like they check everything out or
whatever and there's all this stuff on
the form like I would show you what it's
in my bag it's like all the reasons why
you can't be married and it's all like
the family kind of things like um you
know it's like if your grandfather's
child's sisters I don't know it's all
like you know all the different
relations that you cannot be if you want
to be married you know what I mean like
I think your only legend married to like
your fourth cousin or something I'm not
really sure but yeah so I have to do all
that I have to get all of that stuff
sorted and now we need to upload a vlog
I'm already use the options we have here
this is the thing I was looking at
the LifeCam cinema 720p it's pretty darn
good in order I'll turn here this is the
one that Logitech will trying to shift
look at the price difference up 100
years 50 years so 400 euros but um it's
no good I just looked at a lot of that
letter reviews and no I'm saying it's
any good it's a creative one
but what I really want is a wide-angle
camera as well HD widescreen video
smooth HD 16 wide see it's widescreen
like there's no sometimes like I'm in
frame that Anna's not unfriendly by the
way I'm like trying to move around on I
think this will solve all of our
problems
I mean is it better hi guys turns out
there's a couple of facts I come with
the video camera so I have a square head
so tell me I have a square head whoa
what do you mean I have tried I don't
think I doubt a lot at all look at my
kid I've got really good teeth
Wow Wow uh-huh
my name is peg Terry you what you being
I've got a large forehead I like my
forehead hello ba-ba-ba-ba-ba Herbert
Herbert you habituate here we do
whatever you do who you don't do cause
we're talking about I will put on a
little few pounds there but something
I'm pretty good I can't do my
favorite my favorite okay it slightly
distracted there but there you go check
it out it's not so much better than the
camera using beforehand look at the size
of it it's not so awesome if you used to
come into our blog TVs you'll know that
is totally awesome
that is so super cool what can you
broadcast that owner it's a light
brought a stake underneath it matters
even if I can't broadcast the HD I
definitely have DM the widescreen which
is like totally awesome I'm very happy
with that should like quickly go and
drop shipping and test the Sabre works
so I decided to actually tested on
blogtv and actually as a matter of fact
all you can actually watch it live as a
matter actually fact as a matter of
actual fact because yes that that is a
word that I've just made up
you got Chi actually streams out pretty
good look it's wide angle here's a
couple of hardcore folks that just came
along who are doing a bit of a hand hoe
there
Oh a little hardcore group I just came
out oh so good to you guys
oh go back yeah go back and just won an
award because she said you guys oh
because they're all getting in and out
ah too late you're late it's too late to
apologize it's too late to apologize
were you there were you hardcore enough
to get my tweet or my tweet maybe my
tweets around there somewhere
tweet it off but uh yeah goodbye goodbye
huh goodbye
hi I'm Hannah and this is what I used to
look like before I got my operation done
this is what I doesn't look like before
my eyes got big Wow how do you get such
flattering jawline it's a muscular quite
masculine feel packed oh this is towards
the crazy pet oh my God look at you
before my surgery oh my god so freaky oh
my god you left my eyebrows I can't make
any expressions in red oh did you get
your lips done
No
