good morning is a Monday morning is a
sunny Monday morning I am in a oh yeah
hope is on the horizon that's what I'm
gonna call that this guy's this guy's
kicking the beat show that's just that's
quite him down there for a woman you
know sometimes when it's like this year
it's been a here's been somewhat tough
you know we move down a Corrick and we
just I just wanted to try something as
an experiment you know that's that's if
you go back to the first video you can
see that's the first thing I said I want
to try as an experiment just you know
daily kind of do a daily vlog for a year
and during that time pursue something a
little bit different you know stop doing
the same kind of thing and do something
completely different and we came down to
Cork
we got like it's you know sort of a job
that I don't have to do that much I'm in
the university studio they're only three
days a week and you know just to sort of
spend a lot more time investing into you
know social media YouTube and stuff and
seeing like you know can you actually do
something with this and I'm you know
we're getting very close to the end here
and there was a couple that there was a
couple of months in there there were
sometimes never I was thinking oh man
this is too this is too hard it's too
difficult there's times an hour I
thought like forget it I just wanted I
don't know I just think it's too hard
but then mmm
and you guys kept me going cookie strong
put on the road and here we are like 15
14 days to go to here and within that
time like I just like some time last
night a or 12,000 subscribers and you
know it's like it's been so much fun and
you know and then it's like you know
we're talking about what we're gonna do
afterwards and I'm getting married we
got married in like two months or
something that three months not even
three months and then after that we're
gonna set off on a whole new adventure
and it's like just kind of feel like I'm
getting towards the end of the monotony
and I feel that like yeah this is
definitely something I think there's
something in this I think there's
something we can pursue here you know I
got before I was thinking like yes there
that's just for like the dreamers
himself and I'm like I was a dreamer I
was always a dreamer and then somewhere
on this journey on this adventure
because tr6 birthday is a whole year you
think that like it's not gonna be like
fun every day and I hope I kept it fun
every day I hope we kept it real for you
guys every single day I hope it's been
fun you know I hope it's been an
exciting adventure
I hope you've all learned something I
hope we all lived and we all love have
we all cried it's been our person
there's being Downers and ah let's feed
your Sam it's feeding a crazy experience
you know and I just we were reflecting
back a little bit and looking forward
and thinking like what's the next
adventure like we're like well you know
just don't mind me
don't mind me
don't mind me at all so I just took my
shower and I just made my breakfast
which is the same as always
really boring exciting know what it's
breakfast okay
I'll be where's your sister we're Sina
Christina she outside did you cook no
there are you lying to me why did you
look over there huh where's she
I put the rug back you can see it's a
little bit crumbly cuz it was like
hanging up in a weird position but for
now anyways the rug is back because as
you know you know interesting anyways as
you know seeing I was using it as a pee
pad for some strange reason and she
wouldn't stop so I had to hang it up and
put it away so for now it's back let's
hope that it can stay so this is what I
have for my breakfast porridge
strawberries banana and cinnamon and
coffee so we are going for a walk ease
and I'm probably not gonna be able to
bring you guys along because that's just
how it is I'm afraid with two doggies oh
my god there's hares in the mix so
annoying either you didn't film my cheat
or I was basically just like I got this
picture of a girl I don't even know who
she is but like a celebrity and I think
her name is Amber does Amber Heard make
sense it's not a person's name anyways
so I got this picture of her and this
subscriber of mine asked me to do a
tutorial for that look and I did it but
I didn't film it or anything this is
just me like you know kind of waiting it
like put a little bit of brown here a
little bit of goal here and we're doing
really nice and Nick that always happens
and then I guarantee when I actually go
and film the tutorial it won't work out
or like something will go wrong or on
this
the eyeliner something I thought so that
sucks but thank you to that girl who
sent me the picture because I will do it
I promise I will I just always kind of
like practicing today so I'm gonna go
for walkies cuz it's a super nice day
so just got back from our walk and look
what happened just as we're coming home
can you see it's pouring rain you can't
even see that but it started like
literally just pouring right and we got
drenched and I was like we were just at
the last kind of laughter like leg of
her walk like we were just coming home I
know crazy that is look just to the
pouring I am I was like raising trying
to get to the door and I'll be it's like
trailing behind because he's always oh
you were so cute you guys did really
well okay
you guys did really really well snagged
one treats
oh that mean yes okay look I got them
all of sorts for dogs thank you to Scott
faeo eating that hair thank you I am
here today
German else lined up this is what we get
every single day change new programs
every day is a neutral game day
I've learned for today ginseng is like
what's that give me that give me that
Xena get Kara
so I'm doing laundry which is like the
most boring job in the whole wide world
but I have to do it and I think these
are dry actually something like pink
kind of run although I don't think
Johnson said something pink run in the
last wash that we did but it's it's only
on the bedsheets
so I don't know I feel like it was just
the bedsheets are skinned or something
and they're kind of brown and then they
have this like pinkish tinge to them but
Xena I don't know I think I think
they're just kind of like oh yeah okay
so have you entered my giveaway yet for
this bike I was I felt so bad because
it's only open to people in Europe and
the UK it's funny how they say that
isn't it UK in Europe because you can't
technically in Europe but look at this
college team here today come to sunshine
it's not so cool I never film here
because there's always like a million
billion people but it's just myself in
politic we own this place
this is our College yeah yeah
but I care that's where they sign up
there and that window up there and did
you tummy up and come down thing yeah I
said what Sun folks I'd say Irish
University one guys
I hate to say this but I'm kind of
freaking now I feel like I might start
crying because there are no pay cut
something out are we gonna do
exactly exactly no I need bagels
what am i doing like walking in circles
oh look oh my god you know what I should
totally do eat one of Jonathan's lunches
but he would kill me he would like he
would absolutely crucify me let's see
chicken tikka okay okay
looks good Culley and Sully chicken
tikka how do you make this in the
microwave we don't have a microwave
um that might be a problem okay well
that's the chicken tikka anyways and
then we have chili concurrently like not
deep dives that I mean right meat I'm
gonna do guys with no bread we have eggs
this is a fridge if I had some bagels
I'll be okay but we all do we know huh
no we're gonna do should I walk over to
Tesco how boring is that I may have to
though
hmm my o'neal but yeah I may have to
because we made some food you wanna see
my list part chicken sandwich look I
didn't even put bagels on my list that
was ring you dumb cleanser milk shampoo
and conditioners no reason I need to get
all this stuff okay I'm gonna go cuz
this is like kind of unfair if I eat
Jonathan's lunch when you watch is this
boxing like you were gonna take my life
unless I'm a pastor but that takes too
long and you'd like a sandwich you guys
need to mind the house okay cuz mommy
needs to go and buy some nom noms okay
look he totally understands what I'm
saying he knows what I'm saying that's
if she understands you though do you
wanna mind the house you gonna mind the
house cuz mommy has to get the num-nums
you see my in the house is one thing
that they know they know what that means
and then num-nums they know what that
means so and then I have to go it's
freaking freezing guys where did all the
nice weather go to all right stop it
stop it I need to go right now you think
I'm so crazy you think I'm so crazy
that's funny cuz I have and now it's
sunny again what a crazy crazy day look
at it
sunny one minute lashing rain next
minute Sonny I can't keep up with it so
I'm absolutely petrified right now just
dripped on this freaking caterpillar oh
my god that was like super dangerous
okay I need to get rid of somebody doc
don't worry
anyways that your fight right now
because it was super sunny and then it
just hurt it's just started raining like
crazy raining and
oh that is pretty bad
see back door was open so if the puppies
could go out and do their peepees and of
course it rained all the way inside
again if you watch our video at first I
might happen ok sorry I didn't just
purse oh I need to somehow get out there
push the pot away and then close the
door without getting my slippers see I'm
wearing slippers I don't want to get
that way but I don't think it's not
my hand
I hate this the freakin pot depotted
itself we you guess with Joe will firmly
watch recently why I can't even say the
words anymore my words were all wrong on
Mondays confuzzled everything is
hilarious go by where the TVs are all
the kids they all sit there to watch the
show I'm gonna die do the shopping yeah
totally like there's always a good show
on - yeah okay yeah yeah okay there's
your Charlie behind you there let's go
it's new - Special K diet
