that's not funny okay
it's okay yeah it's just a little bit
under here okay so we're moving out
today guys let's leave the country this
show right this is like three convicts
that are brought at a prison but anyway
that's irrelevant one of the guy isn't
there you know he was asked in prison it
really like you know he's to get a home
dog he's like yo you know snitches get
stitches you know you don't tell any
polite um's having a hard time you know
and I'm just tweeted and put it on
Facebook that I was like bitches get
stitches that was kind of cool is it
bitches get stitches yo that's my life
UTM that sticker on a t-shirt
next time someone's giving you a hard
time or bullying or something all like
your bitch again I'm not condoning like
beating the crap out of someone but it's
just fun to kind of say you know this
violence doesn't solve anything ever
ever ever oh it's gonna be a lazy Sunday
I think I'm not sure but I can imagine
us doing pretty much like nothing today
um that's going crazy um we're both
editing right now Jonathan's editing the
vlog and I have a pretty important video
of mine to edit it's actually my contest
video for that bag that I showed you
guys we're going to go see a new puppy
oh nice a nice top I'm gonna see a new
puppy guys
let's go down the magic place so super
excited to see the new puppy
it's a bichon it's a little baby you
don't miss me Auggie's friend got a
little sister
the popular oh hey oh he's so cute
FLT yeah so cute would you call her
Daisy Daisy Miss Daisy she's a small
she's really scared she yeah she won't
walk she won't walk properly like when I
put her lead on the grain oh no she's
alright tails off Kayla's oh look at the
parlour room she playing with miss yeah
she faced with me oh she won't walk
really we've to kind of pull her oh the
Amana white dogs hello fat belly like a
little puppy belly yeah it's so cute
like that why do you why did I happened
it was it is it the same brief yet to
see reader no is she her sister like oh
it's it's like the same type of thought
it's not they're not like relation or
anatolia also wasn't they wasn't have
another batch good a little baby oh my
name is Daisy
I remember penholder so super cute
we're like we're like people with new
babies
I'll be yeah she's out you know unridden
ran crazy I cooked in the other day and
they're exactly the same now are they
yeah seen this to more hyper one I'll
get a Missy
I'll get Missy you'll find that you'll
learn much faster we found that scene I
learned way faster because she like
watch Missy and she figured out that's
of a million more it's cute now puppy
smell she's if she's actually quite
brave because since Tina had her tail
down at the tails oh so she's not
frightened he decided to do it ourselves
now so bought the at the professional
machine thank ya oh you feel safe when
they're here yeah yeah beastie Missy was
your sister I should little sister Oh
little scratches I'm chief over
yeah yeah well they're all kind of
similar oh you want to stay under here
Oh what's a belly rub
who wants that very round oh the little
char puppet eat a little jump up me deed
Oh kisses for the new puppy is so cute
yeah I'll be swing way to distract it's
the smallest with the smallest yeah oh
come on baby
sunson do you want to feel clean up
today don't do like you know some kind
of like house clean up with me so that
so that it's all nice and clean for one
day morning
do you know what hi monkey man came into
the room oh my god really what you wanna
grown up okay seriously guys make him
clean up with me cuz I always have to do
all the cleaning chores it's not fair we
live in this house together
seriously Jonathan never like you can
kiss off funny and strong
yeah funny won't cut it in the real
world biatch
okay no seriously he never does any
chores okay stop he never does any
chores I always have you I do all the
tour's gonna get me annoyed gonna get me
annoyed gonna mother effing mother Evan
get me annoyed okay we're done
hey I'm gonna go fix me Ayers
please today sitting around yeah hey get
out of here get out of here no get out
of here
good what you think I have to get off
the bed
I'm just going to get into it into it
into it you're so lazy Aldi seriously
you're - fine I'll be fine ice broke the
bed stop
oh you guys have fun with Misty and
Daisy okay you ready this is the ride
okay you want to go first let's go who's
next
roll up baby now it seems to be a
problem Oh Jonathan Oh advice I should
what are you guys doing are you gonna
bawl oh my god that's like the same
mattress as my that it's the same
designers in my room the table thank for
you walk yeah
okay guys somehow you I'm gonna hold on
yeah yeah I think so
tada problem solved spleen of the
whistle oh no scary time let's get our
more room we take our furniture out of a
house like we should definitely get an
unfurnished eyes next time and then just
have like no furniture be like totally
awesome
when it
obby things we're moving I'll be fine
though what's the method noises yeah
it's a little bit like honey like in
three months or something that we
believe in here this is what we'll do
you're knocking Everton up proving it
all down chuttan see Lauren see down in
D hi guys
let me tell you how to change a mattress
okay first thing we want to do you want
to gonna get your mattress and turn it
inside out like so that's not a mattress
Oh your duvet cover yeah I was just
testing you congratulations then you
went do a little dance a little bit okay
no like a ghost so you want to get at
this point okay I don't even know if
you're looking at me where are you hello
my aunt to get this point here okay I'm
put okay I said what make sure it it's
inside out guys
this is how you make everything fun in
life being in the morning then anyone I
kind of like wrestle it a little bit
come on come on we're gonna and is it
important to have a banister already
might have a sir
yes nobody is finishing technique okay
jump over that side any we're just gonna
shave him excuse me love it okay and up
she blows nut
yeah take it down take it down hello
