an amazing invention isn't it the sky
totally awesome
the sky is pretty cool Oh steak let's
prep and Z&Z good boy okay let's go
is it the toy you got the toy toy girl
I'll get the toy she's a toy boy toy
girl I think they were trying to get
your attention
what are you cooking for dinner it's the
pie tonight we had the pizza they made
the pasta tonight we have the pie
we're gonna make a chicken fighter over
paella huh that's like a pie we're gonna
have the pizza pasta chicken kind of
loom the song right I thought I taw a
puddy cat so we just made myself snot
which today for me there's Apple Wendy's
um pink navy i pinky apples which out B
and C not also don't they're my favorite
that's the movie there ladies and then
one of these yogurts this is the bit
Lynette 0% and this is raspberry excuse
you I think she choked not choked but I
think she got some ice likes cook or
something she keeps doing that and she
ate some ice that thumb for what I think
she's okay
don't worry I did not to kill my dog
okay so I'll take this upstairs I'm
gonna edit my video what have to do with
all greet you but I really don't want to
do that long he's like the most boring
thing ever oh no I don't hate laundry as
much as I hate vacuuming that's the
worst Jonathan where are you using my
lip balm
just use the the one that Julie sent me
max ma'am are you putting it inside your
mouth are you serious what are you doing
that's lip balm it's for like job lips
and stuff
it's moisturizer
how are you doing are you playing inside
in a blister that's like bonjela and
stuff is for kind of funny what are you
gonna do what a waste of my car max
that's like almost pinon no put on your
lips it's moisturizing but like you're
such a weirdo hard work you're so we're
using properly you've gonna be dripping
off here as well gross oh my god
I don't believe that you just did that
yeah okay
that's like great not eating it no it
will make your lips nice and moisturized
but that's it what do you do i bit my
lip yesterday and then i keep fighting
it cuz you always get bitten it gets
like like swollen or something did you
bite the inside of the etc
your lips are very shiny hey how'd you
do in this say God wasn't one of those
seeing that makes 12 lucky stop Zoe oh
my god guys like a sheen of his lips
it's so crap quality what it zoomed I
know okay alright I need a bun jealous
or whatever it is that you we've got
like a merit also or something because
apparently I might make this bloody
thing go away
look here Carmack's that's what you do
not put on your this I keep holding on
it looks the same I got it there that's
not where it goes yeah that's what you
get
I'm in sight the stink of bobbing in my
head you got scalped it's got bold
stubble
like there was like an Apache face and I
was like that derogatory yes touch the
Indians Oh am I being Apache Apache is a
gunship an Apache is a pretty good thing
to have in a call of duty yeah it's also
a gunship and it's also a pizza delivery
company no the Native Americans deliver
them come over there no there's a pizza
man is stupid then agree with me it's a
dummy oh yeah look more like Luigi or
the Italians or something but not so
much Apache doesn't really make that
much sense not even offer pizza anyway
oh they like who Apache pizzas No
you don't imagine it's just a Mac they
ate my thumb no like corn on the cob I'm
like yeah give her McDonald's but
someone always bloody killed us going
around the roundabout and he's too
stupid idiots we're driving up and it
didn't stop and luckily I saw them and I
was watching them as I got I don't think
they're stopping so I turned the car
we're like right around around right
again and she just went right up this
right --true how's that going oh my god
she would like milled into either side
of the car if I didn't actually have the
foresight to see what the hell she was
up to anyway you're welcome take this no
no way no it's going to sting yeah I'll
do it myself put it in please I'll do it
myself because if you do it and it hurts
I'll punch you in the face put it in a
little thing put a bike in take this no
don't forget you need to keep it it's a
CD what the hell that's for safety
reason what does it say you have to do
with it just put it on and then use your
mouth open for like ten minutes ten
minutes it's gonna sting so much okay
that sting mm-hmm oh yeah
so not seriously on hygienic
ah now you have to keep it open until I
prize ah okay oh god yeah I like your
come hey Charlie one will bring about ha
ah I tasted it said dry you owe me a
kiss now lo I'm going yes guys so I can
have some salty chips on the first side
they have Oreo McFlurry yes you know we
did yes we did just go to Tesco Empire
dinner for tonight but then I'd be Ana
with some toilet paper and she cried so
as a punishment I said I'd bring her
here I don't agree we don't go to my
that often not at all once a week at
most are you doing like that's why I set
up most don't both but usually we get
Domino's if it's like bad food I don't
works without me hmm I've no feeling and
decide on my face anymore
punch me wanted a coke diet coke as well
can I get a six chicken nuggets and
medium fries yeah that's everything else
yeah that's 80 question answer thank you
thanks
yom-yom yeah you guys wondering what the
six chicken nuggets are for for the kids
at home it's what you always see you
gotta come up to justify and I called it
the kids are back at home making
something did he say 20 no he didn't say
2018 2020
you know what answered the door already
open a window they should go like let's
give my footies warm the rule of when
you get my thumbs you must not open the
door or the five until you get for work
you can't open a bag until you get home
no these the girls in my thoughts
because once the bag is open that's it
the cooling process has begun hello we
driving on here Chitty Bang Bang Chitty
Chitty Bang Bang
I love Chitty Bang Bang Chitty Bang Bang
clang oh my goodness I can't believe how
good this one that was bothering me for
two days and now all of a sudden I feel
like the numbness is nothing like
madness love who invented bonjela
they're awesome gallop on mr. Gela barns
the u-bahn take mr. Gela to be Robin
I don't understand another thing is
didn't work at age 20 is different
that's under slight feel on this big
flat what's going on
