it's morning time and we were woken up
by algae in Sina actually like about two
hours ago we were woken up by them
because the postman came and they went
absolutely crazy and then I found her
post like a rift up in the other room
what was so bad because we went back to
sleep like we would be tired and then I
just come down and it's like shredded
anyways so it's probably better to just
use RPO box
even people that know us and like we
should even get bills sent to our PA box
because everything just gets ripped off
by seeing out here anyways so I'm making
coffee and breakfast for me because
Jonathan was already exact well if you
scrape sweet some time in the morning
foot yeah I'm like one of those people
if you like has to eat the minute I get
up like I'm always starving when I wake
up in the morning which currently is a
good thing I'm kind of stressed out
actually I'm not really in the best of
moods even though I'm on the count even
child because I'm I mean blogging so I'm
obviously not gonna be like serious but
it's not really serious or anything it's
just wedding stuff kind of getting me
down because like there's just a lot of
things that you have to think of and you
know it can be really stressful so at
the moment it's just like I'm kind of
wishing it would all go away but I know
that you know it will it'll it'll kind
of dissipate like naturally you know
closer to the wedding I'm sure it'll be
fine it's just kind of stressful because
you have so many people to think of and
then you're like thinking of her like
you don't know if you're hurting me
people's feelings are like you don't
really know how to it's hard to achieve
the balance of like getting it right for
you but also not offending anybody or
you know kind of keeping everybody
else's feelings in check but like then
you're like well where does it stop like
where do you draw the line like where is
it more important for you because it's
obviously it's your day we don't want to
be like a selfish horrible bride that
doesn't care about anybody and up to
this point like I've been extremely
careful of it not treading on any
but Alice's but that puts Jeff know what
are we trying to say depending on their
toes yeah standing on their whatever you
know what I mean
not like offending anybody here and you
know just being careful to make sure
that everybody's comfortable and stuff
and now I'm kind of like I should just
think about me for a second because and
people have said that to me as well I'm
not just being like are well but you
know you can only do so much if people
are still gonna get offended they're
still gonna get pissed off about stuff
and now it's just like no I think I just
need to kind of sort things out for me
and make sure that everything that I'm
happy with everything and then just try
not to think too much about the other
people because you can only do so much
you know I'm I'm kind of well I'm hoping
that I'll only get married once it's
stressful enough but you know like I'm
gonna have a really low-key kind of
wedding and it's still stressful like
it's still like really stressful to try
and figure it and like I don't know plus
you have to remember that you're
bringing two families together you know
who are different I'm you know you want
to kind of respect both of their wishes
and blah blah blah so oh yeah it'll be
fine I think video really helps me out
you know
say I'm great and it makes me like you
more
join me on Facebook follow me on Twitter
don't get bitter if I don't reply know
that I love you see something
traditional we'll be together forever
you might you guys you guys are best you
guys all the worst
don't be getting a one you guys are my
first
going over the PC world because no
sister starlight wants to get a laptop
netbook
for America Oh No middle sister style I
doesn't have to quit the ring to it but
we may be a little bit later we may be a
little bit late you know why we may be a
little bit late because of this because
of this pallet twisting carry on huh
using the wrong one you're not
contouring that enough don't forget to
do the crease and the edges I never do
that that one and can you guess which
one Anna uses maybe this one and that
one and the rest are like perfect
that's so pointy wouldn't we could
because I just like a huge big one up
the one little window years why are you
getting like a whole load of them father
would make more sense for me too oh come
on man
text messages are texting are we ready
to rock and roll yo white I'll be in
like two seconds
okay oh I'm actually leaving lazy bones
in the car there to finish her makeup
awesome all right we're down to
packard-bell
or down what kind of rhymes these one
over here now of course Anna is drawn to
anything pink oh my god pink I want to
once it's once at it's pink it's pink
it's crap I don't care white this one
over here yeah the sonne veil she hasn't
really look at these things it looks
like monsters and they compared to the
netbooks they're horrible No so I think
this one will go with the inspiring mini
if it looks exactly like Anna's computer
now Emma loves pink so hopefully with a
nice pink one for her they actually
turned out they had no red ones or black
one great ones all they had was an
actual Penguins to get a pink one always
know that the vlog is gonna be a funny
one where when I'm editing it I find
that I make myself laugh you know and I
was so tired yesterday that oh you guys
hope you already saw the video but like
I was so tired it's tough I don't happen
but the kids show it off but the song is
kind of make sense though you know hit
the speak leg though I crack myself up
now let's get some freaking yeah okay
nine all right thank you like this like
a moisture like like munched you like a
num num num cases it's what we feed the
dog yeah this is what can I do oh no
strikes gold
I'm not sure what that was yeah that's
what can we use that because you know
make my fen qi√°n I mean I I'm going to
have a quick grab fruit
I'm going to grapple this fruit here
loving some great food because it's
already like the videos but they consent
to covert pc1 their stuff so I'm gonna
have a quick grapefruit give the guys
some food and then I'm gonna set the
video to upload and then we're gonna go
to the Popo box the football buh buh buh
buh buh buh buh buh buh that's
already probable box anymore it's
actually memos terms need apply hmm a
lot Eric Franke the PLC version so
otherwise you're right funny ideas like
they try and fit like as much of the
disclaimer in as fast and as quiet and
as mumbly as they can if you act you buy
his product you'll probably lose alike
hi guys like ejector bars product
puffing goes like what is it like no I
didn't he's distracted by the funny
animals may distracted by the
distractions nothing like what so I
decided to rename yeah let's get
motivated show because now that's you
know it's an official show on YouTube
boom boom me I could check it like it
like a oh look that shows pretty good
too I hear so excited call it you're
awesome you gotta change all the
branding itself but it's to your awesome
show now so when you go into like for
example how to be awesome it's actually
the your awesome thing instead cuz I'm
like I didn't really know what I was
gonna do it when I start doing it you
know but then but I put on the NDS to
this video I was just kind of like
staining you know and then I'm alright
yesterday's video there's like the day
before but yesterday for me now whatever
but like you know people are like sent
me those are private messages and forms
being himself when they said that like
yeah you know you really got to mean you
spoke to me and we can act himself when
I was like oh my god like I feel so good
like I felt really like wow like I never
thought I'd be able to you know interact
with people and I kind of a lab like and
I just felt I felt really good nose like
that's what I want to really deal you
know I'd love to like you know like you
sure would still be bad at motivating
and obviously but not just purely I'm
motivating about it just like I know
like the light for someone that you know
it's just my little experience and what
I've learned and stuff on it's just when
people write back and leave
comments on Facebook or Twitter and
stuff and a sailor seems to me and I
just read them I just think you know I'm
so happy that I was able to like you
know connect you know be able to make
people feel like it gets better and make
people feel good about themselves and I
was like yeah I was like and I always
said like you are awesome because a lot
of people to feel like you're awesome
like it's not you you know it's other
people that are trying to steal your
awesomeness they are they're awesome
stealers but anyway I just wanna let you
guys know and if you have not subscribed
yet shame on you sir
shame on you you will get yourself over
to the channel where this one here this
little fella yeah this guy huh I'm gonna
have to change all this crap well in
case you don't know just you just don't
mind me self promoting myself okay but
don't judge me so when as you always
come here you know just scroll down yeah
to set plays just find here
well I must change that as well how many
have you got three three four seven now
I will be checking them I will be
checking that tomorrow and if I don't
see you there you then right video is
ready to go let's get the hell out of
here no you wanna bring them yeah you
stay in the car oh no she doesn't talk
to you okay you're gonna mind the house
okay okay don't man okay promise promise
guys oh my goodness like in fact I can
feel the hate I can see the comments
first so Jonathan's in the P o box and
he's actually not in the P o box but oh
my god
he tank you know got so much stuff yay
cuz I'm expecting this bag this handbags
do a review on and I'm really
you look like a judge you see them
coming out with like a big stack of
boxes like it is face she's all like
trying to be cool but he's really
secretly excited what is that oh my god
this is crazy
you know into eleven yeah oh yeah what
in the name of what oh my goodness
tonight this one is down what guys
excited oh my god did I get one yeah
yeah we're gonna get home I'm gonna get
come on ruins okay well I think we only
bought three of them did I get it like a
Samana it's not
III don't know I think I got you
small/medium or something laughs likin
it oh my god I love these guys you guys
watch this blog it's kind of jollies by
I teach because I love them hardcore
guys I didn't give anything to them
what I'd be like a little walking and
running by hey what's up
keep jumping hi this is a totally weird
so a consumer wouldn't even notice which
is this a medium it's really well that's
a medium ya know thing CafePress hm okay
that top is with the family one what so
as we get this here to medium ultra
cotton nice let's check that out
yeah hi like on a job is not really cool
you got Anna's one here as well that's
gonna be facing woman I pray on you made
them later on so I didn't actually yeah
get a chance to make them here's t-shirt
I didn't make but I decided I'm going to
take it it's from the team we can make
it out here University up organ see
waiting thank you love University
t-shirts you're like t-shirts and
universities all around the world if you
have a university t-shirt send it to me
that's a look farther know check this is
pretty cool look at this right let's get
motivated off the test oh we go
Vegas rising isn't that so cool what
guys there's a toy for you when they
don't get any presents they get really
depressed like how would we get
seriously depressed if he doesn't get a
present so I know these guys are
freaking out man hold on hold on look at
this
I don't even know what that is you're
icky I know her she's Hershey's cookies
and cream Reese's Pieces some sour
cheese's
mr. Goodbar Lynde accident cream tonight
no chocolate look at the little guy okay
very nice do you see what's in there the
paper is the best part
Cena doesn't know what you ain't sure to
send something for the dogs too even if
it's just paper wrapped in a ball now
I'm going to have a very exciting day
Oh somebody somebody wants somebody
wants are you guys t-shirt okay that's
what I was told this is a bribe for you
guys t-shirt what you think should be
send are you guys pieces for all its
awesomeness chocolate oh all right let's
call that a success dog we'll go check
the video Xena is family
oh the video gaming video up is it up
until Ogden see I just wanted to show
you guys what Judy gave me first of all
look hair she wrapped my presents my box
that's so cute it says Anna on it and
it's all like cut out oh you can know
how she should get that but that's kind
of amazing I'd always like I'm talking
in the camera like damn here and I'm
like talking away and they're like look
laughs and I realized so they haven't
been feeling myself anyway so that's all
Jonathan's chocolate and stuff but this
is her little fox and she got me Nivea I
love Nivea this reminds me of my OMA my
grandmother because she used to have
this in her in her bathroom like all the
time and the smell that always reminds
you of my grandmother my oh my oh my god
it's like pouring rain it's like it is
so crazy because a blue sky over there
and it's pouring rain I hate this
weather anyways um I would be lived in
like LA or something worthless buddy of
all the times but okay this is wet and
wild I've never tried anything from wet
and wild before but I've heard lots
about it this is a mega mixer in the
shade cuts mo kimi oh I think this is a
lip balm in America is a lip balm balm
but in Ireland and the UK sake bam bam
I know this because I returned Wemmick
video and I say a myth BAM everyone in
America it's just like most amazed for
always like you say live family live on
the ball
Paul do you say palm of your hand or
palm or maybe you just don't even say it
like that I want okay so she got me
Sally Hansen lip inflation extreme in
doula
shear cherry what I love this because
I've never tried it before and I always
wanted to
and I've heard so much about all these
like products and brands and stuff I'm
not sure I think you can get Charlie
Hanson nails stuff here but I'm not sure
but like makeup um and this is the
unique with something hydrologic
conflicts
wow it's serious um and then this is I
would say that for us she sent me an
Estee Lauder lipstick in Sunstone this
is their pure color I remember when I
used to work for Estee Lauder in the
wall barely names and stuff what I don't
think I remember this that's what it
looks like it looks really pretty
actually I've got gold flecks in it
which I love because you know makes me
look browner um and this is what I'm
most excited about because I thought I
was like oh my god oh this is alum a
intense eye color trio for Hazel's
mm-hmm well you almost got it right
eyebrow and I'm not evil but um who
cares are the same thing kind of but
yeah this is so cool
look it's I should punch oh umm
it's got okay it's got this like kind of
champagne e-collar this brown color and
this kind of like dusty rose kind of got
it oh no
copy thank you so much Julie for sending
us such amazing stuff I'm so excited
thank you for the dog toy which is over
there right now obviously both of them
are now kind of over the struggle but
see now we'll play with that because see
now loves toys like to death like Albie
will have like a little play of it you
know with it when he first gets it and
they it's boy but seeing out like is she
takes her toys edit the Box edit the box
the toy box over there brings them all
onto the floor and plays with them all
and then she puts them notions of Mike
but bringing them to little parts of the
house little corners I finding them
everywhere and then like
have to put them all back into the next
day she pulls them all ahead again she's
like a child no see lady you got to
walk to ourselves look at the wall
Kiyo's to ourself iou's the backwards
man who does whatever go back for land
can write I'm just go for a morning jog
like watching a vlog and rewind took one
second it's like raining next second
it's like super sunny super sunny mad at
me don't you love me babe a good there
being usually elby's all like oh look at
Cena's face good dogs
Devon the bad doggies yeah cuz you
should be out we saw oh no stay there
kudos because usually alby's all like
mold and he wants to get up and open
adam open that's all like my hello this
is a sneak preview this is going to be
on the star that I'm bringing it along
because I think it matches my clothing
right perfectly
actually no I'm bringing it on so I
wanted to show my mom
isn't it really pretty and love this I
was waiting this region by well I don't
know he is at Blue Valley
I'm going to say : it's really pretty
leather brown brown beauty yeah I'll
show you somebody on my channel this is
not inferior but I'm going to be giving
it away you guys help me pick it I don't
know if you remember but I had like a
little pole thing doing done pull out of
my Facebook and people picked this was
the most popular along with the one yeah
it was three a black one this one and a
pink one and if it was like a tie
between this one and the people on epic
this one because this was classic
yes it is worth 155 pounds from a
website called shopping like I thought I
would ask a hundred dollars or something
yeah that's right Chris so check out
choppa like cool that UK we're going oh
my oh my apparently share some chicken
yeah she negotiated a meal deal uh he's
being bold you know if he knows we go to
the city yeah he knows yeah like he
knows the feeling those of the journey
he knows he's got a meal of the journey
ha yeah oh my fantasy what's the EMA
super cool new laptop you're pink case
pink laptop is not a cool what I'm
talking about that's a meaty delicious
potentially me she is more the sweet
potato roasted sweet potato and carrot
oh nice t-shirt
what in the hell oh my goodness is one
of them coming free now no what is that
chocolate cake what's in it oh it's
amazing
okay the ballet was this one bunny bleep
malleability this ice cream before
bad Thanks
so what is it just a blonde on her own
no for a brunette he goes dizzy nine
yeah so bond in a blue London blue Ron
and the brunette are going to Disneyland
okay so they're driving and road and
they come to a t-junction sign and it
says Disneyland left so the blonde turns
around and goes home Yeah right so it or
he's out of then no it's too late the
subscribers don't care yeah I could fake
a cute bunny it is thank you buddy
it's not real
