haha
I catch god I'm so tired I have like the
most tiredest of ever so last night
right after I left you guys haha I
didn't come home till I like midnight or
somebody that I am when I came about six
or seven I realized she ain't coming
home yo and I was like crabbers better
make some dinner and I was like oh how
can we care for one so I ended up eating
my dinner for today
cuz I just like easy iconians funny
little dinner things a chain con carne
and tikka masala noise a little pasta so
yummy so I had one for today and I was
just like that's like such a helpless
man I was like I'll just go ahead and
cook that meal for one please I went out
with my two friends Rebecca and Kim
because they can't even move away
Rebecca and Kim and some other friends
as well that they left after so and I
actually forgot my camera I didn't even
mean to I just completely forgot about
it and it was really funny because I
always have my camera on me you know
either take pictures or to take video
and we were there and like one of my
friends if I was like oh who has a
camera so we can take a picture like a
group we should have like one group
photo and everyone looked at me and I
was like I don't have a camera on me I
forgot it and they were so surprised
because I always have a camera around me
but I forgot it and it's actually
probably just as well that I did though
because Jonathan had to edit the vlog
you know and he just thought the night
before the day that we upload it on the
days that he's in the studio so it's
just like it's not really fair on him if
he doesn't if he doesn't have the
footage that I got to work with so
anyways um and I had lodged a little bit
yesterday so I'm sorry I didn't bring
you guys along I actually probably would
have filmed and I would have taken
pictures but I got like one crappy
iPhone pic not as I'm sorry
just like driving along he's like that's
right that's right I'm so tired
probably gonna start spewing somewhere
Kiki stuff you know you get so tired
it's like you almost think you're higher
something like you just get so bloody
tired I end up running saying like the
funny things
Oh
exactly so yeah we had a good night and
I didn't come home until really late so
that's why it's better that um that I
didn't bring it because Jonathan had
edited the vlog went before I came home
I just realized these flowers are doing
really badly can you see that
they're like all wilting and stuff and I
got them yesterday I don't know I just
think I get so disappointed with flowers
I want them to last like forever and
then they only last like a day and roses
are the worst metal of roses so much
like they love white roses they're my
favorite
thanks everyone to buying me a bunch but
yeah I'm gonna make breakfast now and I
think I might try and do because it's
Wednesday today I might try and do what
I ate Wednesday on my blog which is
basically where you document everything
that you ate that day so I think I might
do that today because I have um a couple
of things that I want to make so
actually just one but misses the cake
that I gotten you so on it I want to try
that I say I had it once before I want
to see if I can bake it again and maybe
I'll take pictures of that and yeah well
because so check out my blog hopefully I
will have done that also I need to
upload a video on my channel which I
haven't done yet because I just have not
had had time at all I've done websites
for wedding rings at the moment is not
crazy I know it's not crazy cuz we're
obviously getting married but you know
and it's like get engaged you think I
quo and it kind of doesn't wear wear off
boy it's kind of like you know you get
kind of year adjust to the fact that you
know have fiance's and stuff like that
you know but then it's like then you
move on to the next station you're like
oh yeah you're gonna need looking at
hotels and something else we're gonna do
like and then you pay deposit or you
books it whoa like that hell and
then you know what I kind of just get
used to the fact that okay well I got
hotel we gonna shred and stuff and then
book the flights the other night it was
like right now we've got flights booked
and everything right my goodness we're
actually going on this thing and then we
are looking around an actual wedding
rings
thinking like it sounds like Oh which
one do you like it something I was like
I don't know I've never worn a single
piece of jewelry in my entire existence
I've never been a jewelry wearer I just
I've never wore rings or chains or
anything or watches and you guys out
there who actually watch this who never
wore any cheering before getting married
and then got my and started wearing a
real ring like what's it like ha ha do
you think like I'm gonna do like it
doesn't feel weird you get used to it
like if you like whoa well she'd be like
like wow I don't know okay I'm like a
nerd that's why I'm not worried about
the wedding writing which is that just
like how the ring work out you know
enough we're probably gonna go with like
a white gold thing cuz then I'd only
want the gold thing you know I don't
know I just I prefer I don't like I
don't know I don't want gold I don't
wear anything but back to her something
have to be so bright I think so just
take my life to say half-past three
but um I didn't show it you guys because
I was really hungry
post it down and as you could probably
tell it has no effect it goes oh my god
too much work to do anyways I'm just
putting away best food I've had a bagel
with spinach same as yesterday
spinach cherry on us these are really
good cherry clouds by the way another
fridge is full for once in its life it's
short in life well I don't know what
kind of like that and chicken and dicing
spinach um and mayo yeah it was really
good and now I'm trying to decide
whether I should bring the dogs for a
walk because well I want to obviously
why it's just reaching boy it's the same
last few days
crazy weather so you could tell they're
hyper but I just don't know cuz over
this side it's all gray and cloudy and
then over that side well now it's kind
of gotten great as well what over that
side it was sunnier and think I'm
dressed wrong I think I'm dressed what a
- like so wanna make my coffee now
weather is like storming inside just
right there he stopped raining so I'm
gonna try and make a run for it
cuz I don't want to get wet my didn't
really jacket because I didn't think I
need a jacket this is not fair I'm
having such like a bla day because I
have so much to do and I'm just so tired
and get dressed I'm so like showered or
draftsmanship held one like an hour to
act well yeah two hours ago so that's
kind of I think almost before and now I
don't know I just don't really feel like
doing anything else do any of you guys
kind of get this like if you don't say
you're working right and cuz I work from
home and I worked like from act up you
guys sometimes like feel like if you
don't get physically you get up and get
washed and dressed you feel a more tired
because that's what I did I stayed in
bed and I just like did everything I had
to do in my pajamas in bed but that's
really bad I hardly ever do that because
if I do I'm so like drained after and
it's purely it's kind of well I think
it's purely psychological I don't think
it's anything to do with anything else
but for me that's how it works like if I
don't get dressed one day I feel way
more tired and worse
shelter here until it's and stuffs
because it's raining out there I don't
want to get tired so I'm here I need to
get here hmm
long-distance guys they always let off
this cut kind of scent when they're
playing but it's like it's not like a
stinky one it's like a really nice
cuddly it's a I don't really know how to
explain I love this smell of my dogs
especially Alvey has a really
distinctive smell I don't know if it's
something that comes with age maybe see
now look at more of a smell later on but
um he has a really strong smell and
that's really nice it's like a real kind
of worm but these homes now I love it
and when she first came to us she
smelled like another person's house you
know was kind of weird
like she really smelt like somebody
different but now she kind of smells
like nothing nothing really but I wonder
what she got her own scent or is it a
male gosh look how long her legs are
compared to his look at his short little
stubby once and she just hey don't bite
me she's got long legs oh you like in
your brother why are you shivering
we always shivering you little freak I'm
going home
he's going homeo I'm going homie Oh
would you like to come here with me
would you like to come here with me
can you back we'd like to come for me
you're with me you go home and you
accept my big toe take my big toe
you know don't you know what's going to
go home yeah I'm going home
how's the gorillas am I've just went
x-factor songs I'm going holy up sits on
the firework exploding there and that
was I'm going I need a file I can now
reveal javis with homeo homo javis oh
he's going oh yeah is jeonggi oh me
your warm hug me oh I'm going home me
your it was good one when we know when
he's gonna go home
ho ho ho yo yo me know where do I come
up with these words yo Joe homie y'all I
don't know I just say something
and then
just comes out that way when you say hi
to someone let's say hi say hi hope you
know when you're like gotta go to my car
gotta go to my car yo then why don't we
yo at the end of everything even better
yo yo go crazy go crazy why are you
kissing you or the town bro do not know
brother brother who do you think you are
huh you think you're some home down from
the ghetto ghetto superstar that is what
you are coming from above
I'm just those Rovers
javis don't pass also a yellow yo-yo
apparel Oh a began bout my words he's
Joe Cooper so he but then oh and some
Manziel he likes to make words up as he
go
oh yes that are friendly
jover if I had a TV sure that's how it
started are like Hornos cartoon
hi kids welcome Joe was that what
well it turns out the kid over here
never got a new jumper huh
come on kids Jennifer got a new jumper
Jennifer it would be the best job ever
what it is you know those guys are they
the Australian ones have like that the
Mike thing and they like everything's a
song yeah I want to live in that world
man
so I fell asleep there for an infinite
amount of time right yeah I fell asleep
for but I did I thought of sleep though
so um you know you did that you go to
sleep here like this but it's ok guys
it's ok it's a Wednesday yo but um you
know when I wake up to I wake up to the
smell of something beautiful something
amazing how are you thinking like yeah
and that's beautiful Anna's amazing oh
no Bella would you get the garlic bread
we're gonna watch some primeval yo we're
gonna watch some primeval I'm going to
be prime ribs we're going to your
pregnancy even though it's like
fish-and-chip not international
fish-and-chips day or something today
I'm not sure I'm not sure see this era
I'm the Enders you should check it out
if you guys like him LA noire she posted
this her boyfriend wrote an article for
the local newspaper about it and it's
bad am architects of building Eleanor
because I was playing it I was thinking
like this is kind of like huge is this
exactly what la is like you should go
check it out it's on my Facebook thing
chickens he owns a yacht if you're
sitting here your dogs like really
annoying you and they just trying to
steal your food you know what you do
children buddy the dog the Terran system
if one's not enough never never can back
up back up now hey back up back up back
up back up Cheers
here's big ears Cheers
it isn't that crazy though because obby
knows his place he never tries to cheese
a chancer look she's trying to get into
the hole in there they're telling me
their pizzas not for you the pizza for
me oh no this is ur this is gonna
detectives come in they're like hmm I
think the scissors was used yeah the
scissors let you fight this detective is
a German yeah yeah I'm just going to
take the scissors so I'm put them on a
midnight run to Tesco because guys we're
out of ice now I realize I think we have
a problem because we go to ice so fast
it's like
we have a nice addiction because when we
get the guys were like just like
something glasses like we're like so
just realize you can buy ice in like
massive bags now we just like we go
crazy for the ice we're honest see
venture time oh no this is going to fall
over hi and welcome to the bit area
okay so please deposit your recycling
bins over there just like that
nice and neatly now we like the color
cord and put all the pink ones in here
and the red ones in there okay ma'am
thank you for visiting bye call again
soon
I should have someone that worked in
there full-time is it that you know like
in a toilet you have like a person with
the soaps and stuff yeah yeah imagine
therefore I Shh we should buy a we
should buy two this time but I - how
many is too many or can I take more than
two would that be ridiculous one two
yeah let's go for two this time got some
pop crunch in case you're wondering
let's get two pieces device makes me a
school
overnight some ice to go to cool then we
have it full of icicles that's where I
like it nice and follow full of icicles
hopefully you know what I'm at with the
next hour to be I don't know speak like
ice buckets you know you can see them
like you're always in like the motel -
so I'm like I like those massive egg
like ice things and I scoop out the ice
in one of them you get them can you like
get an ice plug her inner freeze or
anything
yeah do you have one
