I love it suddeniy morning sunny super
nice morning - this sounds like breaking
in the clouds it's like being around you
guys remember that show romance it was
that guy from the hills but I don't even
know who's in the hills but it was kind
inhale and he was like Lauren's
boyfriend or something
I think his dad is Kim Kardashian's dad
or something like that I don't know but
he had like this I don't know what eyes
it was some like you're in a competition
to be his best friend
like his bromance or something I don't
know how we came across the one time but
it was like the most ridiculous show
ever
but then you guys remember I was that
guy's name Jenner cuz obviously the
runners Jenner the Olympic runner guy
what's this bro Brody bromance
Brody Brody Jenner's at it is hilarious
what ridiculous television shows do you
what what is your like no no no I don't
watch it inning a home when you're like
just like romance or jerseylicious I
never never got into Jersey Shore
ridiculous shows and I probably watches
like loads or take their choice see we
can't because we don't have a TV this
year we have another TV all here because
we can't get well we can't get cable
proper members even you buy if you get
Caleb Robin you can get cable television
cable broadband cable phones oh I like a
really good price but because of where
we live we can't you killed broadband
therefore we have to actually buy you
know the telephony like it's not your
telephone which is a DSL
and then with what I television
separately and a bones I was like I
forget like it's ridiculous engagements
you know plus from something I don't use
but it's being able to just channel
flick is that it's pretty cool for that
you know that's we come across all the
like crazy shows I'm like living TV or
the Style Network or key or you know all
those crazy ones I guess angle down the
Hollywood from story was a story of a
man and a woman and they make youtube
videos
what ridiculous shows do you watch
entrench the boredom that we'll watch by
just I'm not gonna know I just
wanted to give you guys an update on
what happened this morning the visions
that we were looking for yesterday the
one that was kind of lost on the walk
he's being found by his owner and it's
all thanks to us because I called the
dog warden yesterday and I also called
the sea SPCA who weren't completely
helpful like they never they're never
helpful ever whenever I call them for
like any kind of animal emergency which
anyway I don't really like them very
much because they never helped me but
anyways um so I called like two places I
called the John Gurdon as well and I
just gave my number and my name and told
them like you know that there was this
male Bichon missing or like lost and the
owner called me this morning because she
got my name and number so in the end the
dog warden and the sea SPCA did nothing
absolutely nothing didn't they didn't go
out looking for him they didn't do
anything which is really disappointing
but anyways so she called me and then I
just I had to tell her that like they
didn't know where he was I went looking
for him but you know he was kind of
hopefully somebody else I picked him up
and I felt so bad because I wanted to I
wish I had brought him home with me but
I have two dogs of my own that I had to
look after and there's no way that I
could have like I would have had to
carry one dog and like he didn't have a
meat or anything obviously so I didn't
know how I was gonna do it if Jonathan
has been there we would have brought him
home but
as it happened somebody else did because
the vet called me just now the vet's
office and he or she said that the owner
had called and no not the owner that the
person who had found the dog had called
them but she didn't have the owner's
number and I had the owner's number so
anyways it's all like very complicated
but basically he's been found and
somebody else picked him up all the
cheaper stuff
let the more inventive stuff
crazy
located like the tough will is be empty
forever sanctions men
orange the Gazette
lay your keep here I just might shopping
with my mom I got some new flowers
because those ones are disgusting they
lost it seriously like two days it was
absolutely totally crap so I'm just
pouring some cleanup here because this
is what Johnson does is so funny like he
is not really the best at cleaning up
he's good at vacuuming but that's about
it
he comes to cleaning so he put the stuff
in the dishwasher last night which is
not a difficult task but for some people
obviously it kind of is because every
time John can put stuff in the
dishwasher so is these things behind and
I always manage to fit everything in I
don't know how this is possible that he
can't fit stuff in but anyways and that
really irritates me because then you
know you don't want like dirty dishes in
the sink so he left out this big pot and
the colander and I told him I was like I
know there's room for it he swore to me
there was no room so you switched on
whatever and I was upstairs and he
switched it on and then this morning it
came again lo and behold the dishwasher
is filled like so like I don't know how
to even explain but like there's like a
pot here a plate here and they're all
spread out everywhere I have to like
pack things tightly so that everything
fits in and he just likes plays
everything at and that's why he's
nothing fits so now I have more dishes
to put in which is really annoying and
also that's gonna be a problems like so
we don't have that many things like for
cooking and stuff so I'm gonna be that
condor in that pot tonight but I don't
know it's really annoying because I've
burnt see I've burnt all the pans that
we always have like one pot and like one
pan and that's it we used to have more
but yeah I'm not very good at cooking
soy brain stuff and then it gets ruined
actually literally like a prison
literally like prison I'm just anything
that's thinking oh I'm in prison I need
I have a ton of stuff to do I'm like way
behind I was supposed to upload a video
yesterday and then I didn't have time to
and it was just really like it's messy
but I need to upload a video today from
like from my own channel and then I need
to also I should be right now I should
be uploading the vlog but I'm not
because I have to do all this stuff and
then later on tonight not tonight but
later on this afternoon I'm gonna go and
meet my friends in town notes don't even
know what we're doing because it's not
like kind of a weird time that's up for
so it's not like for dinner or anything
I see not no no come on this is really
bad habit of between my shoes and for
some of you guys that might be normal
for dogs but I would be never did this
stuff so that's why it's kind of like
what are you doing when she does like
regular dog things I'm like what are you
doing but it's just because I'll be
never get that stuff
she has my slipper doesn't she know fold
fold girl and I watched my hair this
morning
um and it's the second wash that I've
kind of done since a year ago it was
kidding no but if I can watch that I've
done since I said I'd do the hair the no
heat challenge and I actually like how
my hair turned out today so it was quite
voluminous or whatever it's not as bad
as last an exhausting time if you
remember I was like oh it's gross
because it was really flat and
everything but I don't know why I just
kind of sat okay today so so far I'm not
like complaining I've still kept up with
the nut no heat thing I haven't cheated
or anything because people are asking me
and I think I'm definitely gonna keep
the stuff and hopefully it will grow so
yeah I'm gonna go because I have
a million things to do and anybody ever
tells you that your problems are too big
your challenges are too blades and we
can do something and we shouldn't even
try think about all that we've done
together remember that whatever
hardships a winter they bring spring
times always just around the corner
what
the better but like I just think it's
like you know I've seen it today on
Twitter I was like you know I think I
might have a man crush on Obama a
bromance I swear I think I might have a
man crush on him I don't know like
whenever whenever I hear I'm talking I
just feel I get like so emotional you
know I almost like I I went into the
studio today you know and I went on to
the orgy player and I watched a 24
minute speech that he made in college
Green there in like the center of Berlin
City
I swear garlic I was welling up I kept
going like okay whoa whoa whoa and it's
not in the sense of like oh you should
do to you oh you're so good man it's not
it's like I am so proud to be Irish and
I'm so proud of this little country the
middle country the little guy and they
said cannot cancel and he really summed
up he went through like an American
history and how Ireland has influenced
American history and has steeped you
know for such a small country such a
country of like such small little tiny
island we managed influence the world
over and one of the biggest nations
where wealthiest most powerful nations
on the planet but a lot of their stock
but a lot of their structure their
history and some Irish people I can you
know it just makes me feel really really
proud you know he laid it out and I'm
humbled by what he said I don't know I'm
just I'm really moved
I really am moved by what he said
Robitaille awesome for being there and
to feel that vibe in the parent even our
Prime Minister aren t shocked you know
what he was going on about the way he
got on like he actually went and sort of
recited the original Obama acceptance
speech in 2008 when he became president
and um you know I like he wrote oh you
called him it's like clearly obviously I
think I might have been a tribute like
come on the man standing behind him I
think they'd know he was like you know
prelate rising his speech you know but
that was that was how I was most
powerful I've ever seen indicating our
prime minister or tea shop actually
talking it was really cool like you know
what everyone's just real pursed up
right now and I just like when I hear it
I get all like shivery all over you know
and I don't know just like I wouldn't
say I'm like like patriotic where I'm
waving the flag all the time and you
know I said like you don't sound Irish
should be always like oh you know when I
returned him I'm not Jethro Donal or I
don't know whatever like but I'm really
proud to have come I'm really proud of
my heart I'm really proud to be from
this little island the little island
they said they couldn't oh yeah
it could and all the time on YouTube
when it's very difficult for a small
little channel like ours to go out there
in the world and like we only all I get
exposure to is the Ireland like the home
page itself because work class is a
region you know I'm and it's extremely
difficult but there we are like up there
you know it almost 12,000 subscribers in
the site I was just asking or like I
told them I'm doing it I don't know
video Johnson shut up you don't know you
weren't there
I made my lunch and
I have made a bagel surprise surprise
with chicken let's see if I can get it
yeah a good view chicken mayo tomato and
this time I went for spinach because
it's baby spinach my mom said that I
should eat more spinach and also
broccoli but I don't want to I've never
cooked broccoli before so I don't know
if I'll be able to do that but I'm
definitely like I love spinach I love
broccoli - I just I don't know I guess
we just boil it but I know um so I'm
gonna try spinach because I don't I
don't eat I don't eat red meat anymore
so she said it's good for iron and stuff
like that Jonathan always makes fun of
the way I say irony do you say iron or
iron ayran ayran in race animal so I'm
hanging that for a light and then I'm
having coffee actually that's probably
ready I have like specific cups remember
if I told you about that but I have like
specific cups through different times of
the day and like different drinks and
stuff so this is actually my morning
coffee coffee but it's this one right
here it kind of actually goes with the
place that I use like and the bowls that
I use cuz in the morning I eat my part
in a red bowl and that's a red cup and
then at lunch time I usually have my
lunch in a pink plate this one and
usually I use a pink Cup but that's
obviously dirty so you know how about
lunch now I love my lady friend notice
she went shopping when that says check
the press yum Turkish food him so Hannah
finally videos up by the way whoa see
what end video Rob yesterday late cos so
Athena's Anna has gone out and abandoned
me for the afternoon evening night with
her friends in
and what hell am I going to do all on my
own oh oh hello there don't be afraid
difference you mean you and me all night
long well I just might I'm gonna make a
bagel guys this is what happens when
you're left on your own no dinner no
nothing nothing gets done ha ha
a couple of people have their left some
comment owes over the course it last so
what of course since we've been doing
this you've always said to me are you
drink too much coffee or where do you
get your energy or what do you take or
what bitumens do you take recently
someone asked me and guys I think no
bitumens I'm pretty bad I probably have
a really bad diet um I don't drink a lot
of like fizzy drinks I've only down much
sugar I don't think any supplements
nothing like that I don't know I just
I've always been a very energetic person
I always always had a lot of energy you
know and people are always happy and
stuff I'm not always happy you know for
them I just have more of a I don't know
how to explain it like I didn't have
like I didn't have like the most
exciting best funnest upbringing ever
right so I spend a lot of my childhood
very upset well that's just call it
let's just call it that for the moment
and we're doing that you know when I
when I became you know an adult and when
I became free and when I became when I
found myself and all that stuff I just I
always tend to always just see
everything in more of a positive note
there's no point you know you spend so
long upset and hurt by everything and
everyone that you reach a point where
you just think like what's the point
anymore like you know no one's going to
keep me happy rather than keep myself
happy and I I don't know I found self
happiness or something that I don't
really go too much into it because check
out my other videos on the Jonathan
georgeanna let's get motivated series
because I want to talk more and about
that on that because I've always said
I've always wanted to be able to reach
out to people
that feel the same way that I felt when
I was young when I was younger like
those times right hot there's no way it
gets better you know and I really you
know I act like funny and stuff around
but I do have a serious side to me and I
really that's why I started doing that
in a series cuz I really wanted to be
able to reach people that are in that
same position that I was in where they
taught like no one understands and
people I don't understand like people
understand like it gets better it it
gets so much better but I know what it's
like when you're sitting there you know
you might have a hard time at home you
might have a hard time in school you
might have a hard time with your friends
you might even have friends you might
have anything you might live a solitary
life inside your head everybody might
think you're somebody completely
different to who you actually project
yourself to be and I know that you know
I know that like the only time when I
was younger that I would ever myself and
this is gonna sound weird and so has
people but I used to write a lot of
poetry you know and it's probably why I
got into music and stuff because I
always wrote and then it eventually
evolved into writing songs and that kind
of thing but on the outside I was just
like jock I was really popular I
projected this you know self-survival
image that you know I wanted to kind of
you know be this person's I said right
you know I made the decision I was going
to project myself as like a super jock
and you know always hanging out with
girls and going to the discos but inside
I was just like a little emo kid you
know I was just really upset and none of
my friends my entire school period ever
got to know me and I know what it's like
to try and live to your lives and it's
very difficult because you don't want to
be a social outcast but then at the same
time you know you express me you are
people of a certain age won't accept
that and I don't even know how this
conversation started but I'm just gonna
end it here because this is getting way
deep and I don't really want to keep
just for the rocks because the brows is
more it's more fun it's more uppity
beats and fun that's what you come here
for okay you know come here
it'll come here for the stories they
come here for the round and about
dearest ones stick on the Irish fellows
under you to do a little jig to attend
to the jig right very MoBay go
