rain rain go away come market another
day Obama's coming to Ireland today
you think he'd call ahead and you know I
mean being the president of America the
free world you think you'd be like you
know mother nature mother nature we need
to talk about the weather in Ireland
that's my best own Obama impression sort
of serious weather sort of a hint of
life hello Obama what you do when Obama
welcome to Ireland
o wadar and have a good time
have a good time he's not coming down
our way guys do not think he's coming to
court he's going I think he's something
here for like 10 minutes or something no
I think you think kids for like 24 hours
or some I know but he's fine in as far
as you know there's a Phoenix parking
today in Dublin city centre and then
he's going out to some town balanced by
legal Valley Bowl where where it is
great-great great-great
great-great-grandfather's
dog once caught a fly that was born I
don't know something like that and it's
got some real little something that goes
back a good bit but it's someone I don't
know then you go on her some booty call
money go that's it muddy golf that's the
name of it kind of where it is though
but silver in the middle of the country
so we ain't coming out of my way yo so I
won't be seeing him we won't be seeing
him the Americans you probably see them
every day you pretty high five is
walking down the street what's up oh oh
beau oh don't you mean it's coming my
days are depressing enough there's no
need for this this is just outright
rudeness I'm a hot of the weather people
like come on man
look at this
grace guys no hope I just found hello
I'm just fan her with her head like
stuck underneath the sofa all night
let's get it we'll get it okay forget it
okay we get the ball get the toy if the
toy would help if you don't bite me
okay I'm your friend here Chloe say to
me how do you make the relationship work
you and Alison have a very strong
relationship I always put it down to the
fact that every now and again in a
relationship you gotta have like a whole
day of like biting and during our whole
day of fighting you have to wear a dress
you need to reevaluate you need to work
through the new the new rules you need
to evolve in a relationship has to
constantly evolve you know I don't know
we don't usually like we don't show that
stuff lebra because well again like I do
like my blog to be quite PG I like it to
be quite happy and chirpy and I know if
we if we were to video our fights and
more I thought like Jersey Shore
something I like you know we probably
got more views but you know
it's more important to me I'm a
conservative guys I'm a conservative you
know everybody's alright
how can you guys don't make out the
videos I'm like like we don't make out
in the middle of the street answer
something we've never really done we're
quite conservative that way so therefore
I don't make out in the road because
this is pretty much the middle of the
street you know I have no problem with
like PDA but it's not something I take
part in that's all you know what under
wedding day we'll have a big smoochy and
it'll be all and only like worth it the
wait but until then how do we go of
course we do a write back to general a
very romantic with each other we just
choose um you know we gotta we know
there's a lot of young viewers you know
we can see on YouTube that the age group
that watches our show so we try to keep
it you know quite a quite friendly you
know there's plenty of funny shows out
there let's don't give up eg anonymous a
improv Wow
she is obsessed at that ball it's really
funny and Albie was never really
impressive boss at all but that's but
anyways so oh look at my flowers here so
poopy like hello I'm gonna have to buy
new ones usually lasts longer than not
so I just made my breakfast that's my
breakfast right there except I haven't
put the cinnamon on and I have no
strawberries left so that sucks
but yeah they may look like Jonathan got
up like way earlier than me but actually
you got up at the same time it's just
that weird go both vlogging now so he's
on his way to work and then it was so
funny because I had to call him I went
upstairs searching for my Cameron's he
usually charged it and like when he
takes the files off the card like at my
time when he edits the vlog he usually
leaves the camera up there so I went
looking for it and but what are we
looking for it I was writing my shopping
list over here and oh I went upstairs I
was like searching for it such as where
I couldn't find it anywhere and then I
called him and he had just gotten into
this
and I was like where's my camera he's
like opponent next to your shopping list
like on the table where you could find
it and I was like sprite next video
whole time as a relationship develops
you will start to sort of take
designated roles and they might mean I
might not be the role that you wanted
you might end up doing jobs in sake
never do you might end up fitting a role
you talk you never do I don't want to be
that guy I don't want to be that girl
and it just sort of happens like Nate
not nature I don't know nature what it
is but something takes over and you just
sort of fill those shoes and then you
think to yourself I don't want to be
feeling issues I don't want to be doing
this then you got frustrated then you
may not tell your partner that you're
feeling this certain way and the more
you don't talk about it the worse
against then you resent it then you hate
them and then it turns into a fight and
you can't stand them and an interesting
part and that's what happens if you
don't you know have your big fights
every now and again you know like little
fights always happen like you know
that's just nature you know as extremely
passionate army passionate stubborn
about similar that way you know so in
that sense that things don't get not
talked about for very long which is good
but I'm definitely like I grew up in I
grew up in a family with a lot of
tension and a lot of tension anger and I
saw that so I'm very not I don't shy
away from confrontation but I definitely
I'm more of a thinker and more I always
try engage the other side and think I
don't like it you know and I don't like
the hostile environment and it's very
easy in a relationship to develop a
hospital environment if you don't
constantly you know address yourself and
address your partner and make sure
you know work to the things that are
that are annoying you otherwise you end
up resenting and hating them and that's
what happened yesterday with the day
just like you know we just got got you
all the bare-bones at the end at the end
we're still together and with this
morning and we're all loving and hugging
each other and like it's great that we
got to that because that means that it's
worth it you know that's the thing you
gotta look at it's the relationship
worth it is the fighting and the agony
cuz when you're in the middle of that
day you think I got a weddings off well
I don't actually that I know I love Anna
like it you know and I know she loves me
and we are we're right for each other
you know and that's the important thing
and being wiped each other is one part
but you got to make sure that both of
you think they are right for each other
and you gotta always always look at the
fact that is it worth it is all the
arguing all the compromising all the
thinking all the effort the stress
everything that's involved in arranging
ship it's not normally talked about as
obviously the love and affection and
care and frenchmen happiness and you
know all that stuff as well but there's
all the other the negative stuff does it
outweigh the good does it because of it
does then you need to address its
relationship really viable is rating you
something that's going to last without
constant management or is it something
that every now and again you gotta have
a big management meeting and that's okay
that's okay because all the board
members know that you know managing
meetings are a must have you know over
money over love over needs over a
faction over everything you know and
that's what makes a relationship work
it's not purely down to you know what I
mean Cupid put you guys together love
and affection will carry you for a while
but after a while you got a uh you guys
got to work together working nine to
five gonna have good relationship I'm
not engaging more as you can see
okay sometimes I watch these back and I
see like moments where I don't have my
ring on and I'm like I wonder does
anybody ever pick up on that because I
probably wouldn't I would just assume
that it's because usually times like
this where I'm like not even properly
dressed with these are my pajamas you
know so that's why I don't have a ring
on but I just wonder if anybody ever
notices and it's like oh you know it's
never that um
but yeah we booked her flights to
Sorento well yeah Sorento and we didn't
only yesterday which is really like
risky and the reason why we did it
who's my we did it cuz I was like okay
we should do this we should do this we
should do this and then Jonathan is more
like Oh it'll be fine you know he don't
your weddings and then we were kind of
leaving a little bit late because like
it's in like three months or whatever
and I was like Jonathan we would meet
you and then my mom mentioned that um
one of her friends like one of our
family friends was trying to book flight
um for the wedding and that the Aer
Lingus one which is the one that we're
going on because there's two like
Airlines there's Ryanair and airman gets
Ryanair is like crap szostak look I'm
not going on that stupid airline ever
again I say you actually have to because
Ryanair is like the budget one but it's
such a lie like they have all these
hidden costs and everything so I just
prefer going on the regular one because
then you just pays that imagine you
don't have any like sneaky you know
hidden costs anywhere you can just relax
whereas Ryanair you're always like kind
of thinking about things like do I have
the right bag for carry-on is it heavy
is it late like oh it's just so sorry if
you want to buy something in flight it's
just it's different it's a different
whole different like ballgame so my mom
said that that flight apparently was
gone and I was like why
so that maybe would be scared because
then I was thinking oh my god imagine if
we had our wedding and then we didn't
show ha we couldn't get to our own
wedding so I said it to Jonathan last
night and I was like we really need to
book like please let me book because he
kept thinking the prices will go down
but so I don't think they will
so anyways finally he said it was ok we
booked but it was pretty like that was
white that was the only reason why it
was because I got kind of scared and I
thought oh my god what if the flight is
gone can you imagine that site had been
gone well like we wouldn't have been
doomed because we could have gotten the
Ryanair one but that flies to Rome which
is not good like because then you have
to get like truth - yeah - trains which
is crap so you know anyways the code
shouldn't keeping you guys all of our
flight information which I just finished
filming a video for my channel see like
come over when she hears me talking
that's going on mom and yeah I was just
reading the bluff it's less blog check
out let on YouTube it's um Waveland it's
her YouTube name I was watching her
video to let 76 check her on YouTube
because she's reduced it for pretty and
she's amazing at makeup so - correct um
just in case she sees it on the video
just like oh that's told me my blog
stalker anyways um so yeah I just filmed
a video for my channel and you like a
beauty video and it was about contouring
and then I realized like I'm using the
screen of my camera like my camcorder as
a mirror which is never good idea like
never do that because you just never
know like it's not true to life or
whatever I need a mirror so and then
I turned off the video like I've
finished or whatever and I don't know if
you'll be able to see this but there is
a triangle this never happens to be by
the way like usually what makeup is okay
like you guys know I hope so anyway um
well cos you are the one to always make
me nice comments that I make up but why
is it that when you want to do tutorial
everything just goes wrong there's this
fair triangle on my face I have no idea
these earrings actually but it is Oh
but anyways this is like fair triangle
of like fairness of nakedness on my face
I don't know if you can see it and the
whole video is about contouring and like
the bronzer and the blush ring and
usually my bronzer blush your highlight
looks really like you know nice and you
know well done well at least I think so
and then today for whatever reason just
because I was filming contouring and
highlighting in blush video it just
completely messed up so now we don't
know like if that video even gonna be
usable or maybe I'll just put an
annotation or something because the
basics of what I said is correct but
like oh my god this is so terrible so
I'm really disappointed in myself right
now
so I just wanted to share that with you
guys if you check out the video which
will be up later on today so yesterday
for you guys um please don't don't hate
me for doing it wrong but I didn't know
I don't know what happened maybe it was
I probably was my earring actually come
to think about it just take another yeah
I hate my life going on in here look at
the place in here look it's
crazy-looking it was like all signs up
you get Sam sort of presentation
presentation patient you know it was
Russian rain this morning and now
Sun has come out
thankfully the Sun has come out so I
start reading so much so we're just back
tomorrow walking and I'll be an Essene
I'm at a middle beige on it was really
weird it was like this little beige on
which is a pedigree dog anyway but it
was kind of dirty like it had been kind
of lost or something and it had a collar
and everything that it was kept
following us but we couldn't find its
owner anywhere and we were kind of like
waiting to see if anyone would call me
my mom because I went for a walk with my
mom and my sister and we were just like
waiting for ages there was no owner and
then it was following us for a while I
thought okay I'll bring it home with me
if it doesn't stop following us and then
I guess I'll call the animal shelter
place and just let them know and the vet
but then he turned around he went the
other way and like then I met another
woman with a Shetland collie think it
was really pretty Dodd and she said the
same thing that she had been waiting to
see if an owner would like appear but
there wasn't any so I don't know what to
do I felt so bad and the little dog just
kept panic it looked like it was lost
like it looked like it it was looking
for its owner but I felt so horrible and
then I just I don't actually know what
I'm supposed to do he was so you know
you're used to seeing
you know newspapers of TV I'm so good
about that guys
it just works over a live footage of
Barack Obama in muddy call and you know
it's such a such a cool thing I think
that guy's really cool and guys like
that on for you did you know like he's
supposed to go in there for like 20
minutes spend like I think his there for
like an hour and a half he shook like
pretty much everyone's hand individual
also jealous you know there's no way to
get to the village act I had these like
golden ticket kind of thing is that
they're only given at the residence that
were vetted by Secret Service and all
this kind of crap what app how amazing I
understand guy is so cool like she's
gone down there and you know just like
casually walking up and down the street
and I'm pretty sure like you know um
it's gonna be all over the world news
like that he went and did this cuz
they're saying that like there's no way
he'd ever do anything like this and the
fact that he was just like so casually
walking around doing this was like so
simple cool like and I'm just really
proud you know and I was like oh man oh
I wish I was there
okay so jealous like him so cool I don't
know something about that man just he's
inspiring you know you know very rarely
get a man it's just inspiring you know
he's like it it's inspiring
he's like a dell inspiron I don't know
he's a good guy I just but I'd like you
to fight it you know it's just like oh
that's so cool you know that he like he
gave everyone all that time you know
where he didn't have to you know then he
was in the pub and he's making sort of
jokes about it stuff and it was just
like you know that guy's got that guy
have got oodles of charisma I don't wish
Jonathan had been there he would have
probably known what to do remember that
time when we found them at the West E
and then we found the owner it was kind
of like that except no owner came so I'm
so annoyed I'm just like these people
like look after your dogs I know that
it's you know they can get lost or
whatever but like I never have albian
Cena out of my sight for like like at
all I walked if I let them off I never
let them off fun completely on my own
because I know that there's two of them
and one of me so you know but even just
without me I would never do it on my own
only if there were two of us like
Jonathan and me and then if I do like
them off it's always when other people
are there and I never like fight so I
just hate when people do that like look
out your dog's because it makes me feel
really sad so I need to take off their
harnesses now they're kind of going
crazy because did you lose your ball
again mr. Lima Lynx Mews de Lima Lynx
did you make friends today you did and
she rolled in some mud look at her bum
bum
that's not poop by the way that's just
mud I don't good super awesome totally
amazing news guys I got a call from the
dentist girl and before I left last week
they told me that I was gonna have to
wait another month after getting the
final party we came out on to actually
getting the yeah veneer and so it's
called every one word for it um yeah so
she said that yeah just like we shade
that you to shave it off put on a new
one and I was like another month I was
like oh no you know it's kind of joking
with her you know and she was like well
I'm gonna cluck say it to the main
dentist girl that if there's any
possibility be it painful or not I don't
mind I'll take the pain for my vanity
man there's any chance of actually
getting it done sooner you know that
would be totally awesome or whatever you
know and she called me about an hour ago
and she said Mr Jolie are you
experiencing any pain or swelling and I
was like no ma'am he's like mr. Charlie
is your toot Sam sensitive or is it him
irritating you at all I was like no no
ma'am no ma'am 100% good ma'am and she
proceeded to tell me she had spoken to
the head of dentist oh and the head
dentist oh and suggested that maybe we
dude in two weeks instead of four yeah
baby
so instead of 26 or something of June I
get to do it on like the 14th or the
12th or oh I've totally forgotten now
but how awesome is that that was super
awesome news yeah so I finally get my
teeth fixed on like the 40's um well
this is part one another two-stage
process but this part is they're going
to put like a temporary filling on or
not a temporary filling a temporary
thing whatever it's called what is it
called what is it called I don't know I
keep thinking like da Vinci thingy
because that's the one that gives in my
head is that what it is it's not what it
is anyway her cost a zillion dollars
that's still when it is 1 billion euros
oh my goodness but yeah I'm really happy
that I'm gonna get that done early ya
know mister
you look like a pirate with yellow cute
your man chinks he's a rapper with his
gold tooth it's like it's not to get it
fixed
I find a mess key rescue mission guys
we're gonna go back and see if we can
find that dog than a messiah you're on I
brought an extra lead with me in case we
see him because Anna's mom said like
that was an hour ago and she said he was
still there no one else you know like
that means he's definitely lost like so
you know I think he look at you still
there I'll clip him bring him home
because animal places still end up
putting them down if they catch him so I
was thinking but that's TV still here
he's still here I'll try and see if we
can take care of mine well because he's
obviously lost and you know me I want to
try to help the little guys so far
there's no sign of him we'll keep on
going we'll keep on trucking we'll go as
far as the car park because if he's
anywhere past the car park then someone
else has got amore hopefully his either
his owners have been or was someone else
has gone and like taking care of him
come on guys lovey
boy I was not prepared for this wedding
this is an unexpected piece of exercise
okay so we went to the car park
no sorry little fella and now we're kind
of can only hope that her kind soul has
helped a little doggie or the owners
have found them both case scenario is
those dog people that put dogs down
found them well that's not that's not
think the worst case and I can't believe
you made me potatoes yeah I'm more of a
rocket fan what's your favorite of the
leaf the leaf variety I love the rocket
and I like the spinach not so fond of
all the other stuff what's your favorite
not a doubt I hate the white bits oh my
goodness emma is going to America next
Friday why didn't she just head off with
Obama tonight nothing is your horse gone
keep Carter Newport she's gone Newport
and you guys from Newport gonna be good
Tama
so she's going through she's summering
in Newport you know I'm still my gift oh
my goodness
no it's the wooden spoon even though I
wouldn't spoon his work nothing nothing
I just wanted I just wanted for some
reason okay unless this is like opposite
day something crazy is happening because
this is where all the popcorn is but now
the popcorn is here that's not supposed
to be here and that's supposed to be
over there what the hell is it opposite
day holy crap Foley's Lakers your
fingers in the way I shouldn't pick at
it it's so bad let's just get to use the
thing oh my god bit to the bailout
oh my god a big something fell down
there she's a flake relax
I always knew you're a bit flaky oh wow
look these are ideal for communion
parties okay
you don't want to see it guys you don't
want to see discussed these right just
like flakes of you which flakes
everywhere
Manhattan popcorn obviously why would
you start off with a cupcake bag ah cop
tech bag I'll be like the worst finish
off of ever being a cupcake back I
understand if someone's gonna shoplift
in like I don't know a stone bag but a
cupcake bag like that's nice assortment
a snack assortment kind of a snack
assortment would you like oh god has
anyone ever buy that oh I just looked
nasty Oh 150 mil good deal
jay-z huh I hate you
