when they is basically day one in San
Francisco but day two of my travel vlogs
say hello who slept with mommy all night
and had boobie on tap look needy needy
baby dude yeah hi look at this
four of you don't even do it justice
look
how amazing is that I can actually see
the police from here I didn't even
realize that last night and then I
opened my window it was all dark outside
but you could see it was lit up and I
was like no way is that the bridge it is
the bridge right okay that's what I've
told myself now anyway that's the bad we
slept in oh that's my alarm going off
it's currently half 6:00 I did and get
some sleep last night but it was broken
and also Alessia was kind of like awake
and asleep and awake and asleep like it
was kind of just all over the place but
to be honest like she's such a good baby
she doesn t cry unless she needs
something like you know a nappy change
or she's hungry so she was really really
good or he's got it
personal machine well that's great
so I'm going to order some breakfast now
I think I'm also realizing I just forgot
to reformat the card and yes I'm also
going to order some breakfast
and try and FaceTime the kids because we
have a small window think I need to do
it in the morning I also need to get
ready and I was going to try and do a
workout but I don't think I'll be able
to because this is this situation but
it's fine little baby and I are going to
get ready in order to record yeah some
of these booby cheese tastes amazing
quick effects a composite was younger
younger than
love dead 12news down now motor and
things are just the same for me
how
okay we are at bat in think I could
drive I'm not hearing us
this happens when I'm driving as well I
like to turn the radio off and i swerve
asked them to the left so fighting I
have like no lat hearing power what it
looks like in sentences car
I do always just today I can't and
Jonathan remain my variance anyway know
it man this idea in terms of the people
it is yes is to do it your brain all
right I have something wrong with my
brain
yeah it's actually quite cold it's like
kidding but it is early in the morning
so anyway we're walking to benefit now
yeah it kind of like New York but it's
so different so timid humbly receive the
thing today
oh my god guys let me just step out of
the list
how cool is this and you're like this
right horse doesn't know it this is so
cool and media would be so excited if
she was here well this be for huh yeah
it's wasted on her vehicle want the
original benefit cut off yeah you still
do device cannot go well what do you
mean cafe huh
oh yeah yeah again in the often you'll
be so cool
and
to
so we're in this room which is so like
Instagram ready look at it it's got this
cute like rose gold kind of couch
I have my phone on the couch I was like
the god of matches I cannot show you
what's on that whiteboard right there
and I did film bits of it so you will
see that like eventually but it will be
in a while but this room is so cute and
unless yes was asleep for the whole
thing and there were a lot more people
in here and we had a meeting and it was
just really fun actually so I'm really
excited now I wish I could tell you but
I can't and we are going shopping now or
I think maybe we might do might not have
time for shopping and then lunch the
best things that you could possibly want
to do in sentences go take care of you
it's just a building but the sun is
shining so that's the main thing okay so
we are
was it called embark in South Park ago
I'm Bob I arrived embarcadero but
pretend I had no about me
that's what it calls their Embarcadero
Center I think it's not like shops and
stuff the words worth looking for where
we're going to eat it which is around
here but we're at number four and I
think we need to go to number two
it's quite cool as I see it still asleep
I'm probably going to pay for this later
but she's been a really good baby she's
just basically sleeping the whole thing
it away the jet lag baby on this is cool
it's like an outdoor mall
we had our luggage and now we're in
Sephora I have to keep moving because
Alexia is not in a great mood right now
what she is right now but she wasn't
when she's in the book yourself yeah I
haven't really been in a Sephora
properly because anytime I go have the
other kids with me and I can never like
look at anything proximately so this is
actually pretty cool
I grab cute things I'm going to show you
what they are some kind of lip stuff
from Sheila so I'm going to look for
some more things that I can get in the
UK and like a sugar scrub that looks
really really cool I actually have quite
a lot of room in my suitcase that's good
yes I'm alcohol yeah I know mine is
really empty so a heart good excuse
she's nice I make she wanted money for
an hour in the toy shop and we're trying
to find Amelia she has specifically
asked for a Barbie or a doll with a
camera around her neck so oh I'm he's
trying to find the right not like she
wants a flogger Barbie Edoardo wanted
daddy Barbie which I'm guessing is Ken
with this that was a pet shop - yeah
that is cute boy she kind of has like a
lot that looks like that already like
she has quite a few pet except she's got
the dog groomer all the things that we
basically have in our house like she has
the Barbie versions of camera no knowing
we were so close though I think it's
that Lottie doll you know yes I think
that's for sure
so annoying alright see if I can find it
daddy Barbie everyone we are now in
tarjay aka Target and looking for a Ken
doll I would have loved her I need some
colors are there oh my gosh laughs it's
like the color dream it's a dream
all these ago Martha dollars you know I
think it's because 10 is a dying trees
honestly I think that might be why
so we're between these two things this
is huge but I think this is probably
going to be doing options this is a
Disney frozen baby Elsa perhaps like for
Chester said we do have a lower process
of already this he turns into a man is
the beast but like he turns into what to
say not using the Beast is very trend
right I know that's true what is that in
there Oh a little thing so they could
spin around yeah it's a bit big but I
don't think I really have a choice now I
got the stupid Ken clothes for no reason
obvious Thank You Jonathan shirt yeah
thank you so happy
Jonathan love the Hawaiians
okay so we're just walking the streets
about I'm so naked I'm just holding my
phone on my camera because Annie takes
it over the buggy for just taking over
my life where I'm going with this
delirious and basically he sings he's
coffee this must be like dislocated I
don't recognize it from anywhere we had
a well I had Starbucks and that was like
and I work now and a half ago and now I
think we're going to head to dinner
alekhya complete thank goodness she said
for a while should be good like all
kinds of stuff that I would pay that how
cool is this though okay now we're going
to more really excited we're going to
excited I'm going to go here every time
I come to America but if you're a
first-time like but I Aine this is the
time when a meeting I told me that the
American Girl dolls but she wanted it to
look like me remember how I got really
emotional it was in Cheesecake Factory
oh yeah I'll remember that forever
okay we find ease RC in cake factory and
we're trying to figure out what order
we've established the munitions menu is
not happening today and we are really
proud actually to take factory by the
fact that they seem to have calories
written down after every meal and
there's far too many to thousands over
2,000 calorie options which in here yeah
yeah
Thank You eyelets Avery I'm like saying
listen for puddings I want to have a
whole team if you can get it in my
playbook and have an i/o superioris
become a star more like a boy yeah there
was a um Leslie playlist already perfect
for relaxing yes I will gather the now
okay sorry let's see if you like this
video
big I just didn't I do remember it love
L being Lauren Lexie
Laura Laura Lorna Lorna that's it Lucy
maybe a steak
a guy like my face is no I'm going to
stop this clip right
okay so in fact in the hotel it's a lot
later than I anticipated ending this
vlog it's now felt like half past
midnight I actually fell asleep with the
last year kind of at 9:00 Oh baby
Shh this is a little bit upset because
she just woke up and I took a shower and
I just left her on the bed and she was
fine for ages but now she's just like
over it like she wants milk now so she
was so good today again just basically
slept all morning and let me like get
stuff done it was amazing and I'm hoping
she does the same tomorrow because I
kind of photo shoot tomorrow so panic
lighting but yeah thank you so much for
watching this video I hope you are
enjoying the San Francisco blog and
don't worry we will be home soon and I
actually sneak me well Francesca and I
needed this not me changed our flight to
an earlier one so instead of getting
like a proper nighttime flight we're
getting like half nighttime halfway
evening so we're going home earlier so
we were supposed to be home at 3 in the
afternoon
UK time on Thursday but instead we're
going to be back at 12 noon which is
amazing and I'm not telling Jonathan
it's going to be a complete surprise so
he and the kids are going to get a
surprise when I come home and I'm
getting a car home so they won't even
know it's not so cool I can't wait to
see bad words blip I'm actually having
such a good time I didn't think I would
have this good at the time like I
thought I would kind of hate it but I
happen like benefit it being so lovely
to me everywhere I go people are
mountains so they get it like they
understand they're so humma dating
Francesco's been a huge help annie has
been a huge help
I kind of like I know I made a joke that
the two of them were like my manis but I
actually couldn't want to move my knees
now
because they were just incredible so I
was being really really lucky have a
really strong team and this grow
included like she is a boss baby she's
amazing
okay so thank you for watching and I
will talk to you guys tomorrow
Oh
ah
you
