happy rapture day y'all
now you'll see any people around at the
end of the world all right Eleanor part
two
peace out what put a minnow betting
whatever you I've seen is okay are you
even here so super cute you know that
you know how cute you are
you're super cute Oh mommy's gone to the
Italian market oh that's what Hannah's
gone and has come to the market milk
what's on the market it's like an
Italian chopped up and a couple of towns
up no so yeah we're home alone hold me
all alone yo we are going to play some
Eleanor oh yeah
serious the world didn't end best thing
to do is play the PlayStation so I am
just back from an Italian chop also
known as the boot specialties that's
what it's called and um I got some
goodies so I got this which is mini
snack so Anna's home home with the
Italian goodness I tell you it's
supposed to be like a pastry with she's
talking to you guys hello there hi guys
anyway it's supposed to be a pastry or
tastes way better this coffee is
it's my home - that's the hole in there
oh okay you do it you go you go I wanna
show them the new copy trust cream of
pus teach Ariana and then I got this
which is Neapolitan coffee it's the best
in the world in the world you mean you
have to you know tenacious d let me do
my part and then I got some Parmesan
cheese because we really like this one a
lot it's very expensive bill but it
lasts a long time and then it's the case
but you have to make it and I think you
need like things milk
she knows milk you do not have butter
and we do not have eggs they're boring
this cake is a fail but it's really
really good
I love this myself personally I made it
before and it was amazing so if you want
check out the boot specialties I'll
train remember to leave the link in the
description box if I don't remember then
just leave a comment and let me know
what they are like um kind of like a
wholesale Italian shop but they buy from
like we know the owner I've talked about
this before but they buy from Italy like
they go to Italy to buy all their
whatever stock and then they import it
over and so it's a little bit expensive
obviously because it's it's like
authentic and it's from Italy and long
as it's not gonna be like as cheap as it
is and in Italy but it's the real deal
so no I didn't show everything I thought
this as well
pasta sauce this is the best pasta sauce
in means
world it's the pre reliable con I went
oh my god we have this with them to see
which are the squiggles oh my god so
good anyways so what was I saying
yeah check out their website and if you
live in Quincy and check out their shop
it's in here um it's near the airport
before they tell them don't fuss engine
talk this engine this is no you've never
even beat jardins never even been there
so there's a business owner kress quali
so if you actually go there tell them
that I thank you that was so cool
and be like yo Pasquale I don't figure
you can get a zero percent discount zero
percent discount guys okay that's pretty
good whatever anyway so I'm gonna have
some of these now I think or maybe I
should just have my lunch and then have
one of them out there that would
probably be the smart thing to do so
then have my lunch now what will I have
for lunch Joe Nathan oh very cool some
hummus I think because I wasn't filming
myself such a bad summer videographer I
should say vlogger didn't put that away
you're so sloppy put it away you never
now I don't know what to do I'm just
gonna grow up push it over to one side
like this I'm thinking a breakdown for
you sexy probably not but anyways Italy
are you doing look at my dad like three
days ago
and now they're already dead and they're
not even in roses okay so yeah what you
do enjoy Nathan's gonna make some this
but like this is incredible right and
you guys watch heroes right remember I
cap members name but the cop guy you had
the psychic powers on heroes right look
at this
look it's him he's that crazy
isn't that amazing isn't looking lucky
like him it's insane
whoa technology is a common a my
computer day press the X button see what
I do
oh my goodness don't break the circle
what will it ever stop raining the world
ever stopped raining
it's been raining all day Ezio's it's
such a horrible wet day
such a horrible when they see my time to
go back over the past go see him going
to Tesco last night while we were in
Tesco when we got home someone send me a
message and I rachet be I think that's a
YouTube username howdy
Oh blonde girl she was there with her
friends in Tesco and I said Anna and I
was like I was like oh she because you
can always tell you can tell you should
have came over and said hello how do
till you guys see us around like oh
you're free to come over and say like
sup javis you know make a big scene jump
in the air and shake your hands right
not really
finally breaking the storm so we can
venture onwards
come on on venture come on venture onyx
but it's been amazing
mainly oh you know what happened you
know yeah you must take the
responsibility for our sect
responsibilities well I thought yeah I
hope you keep your heart music key I
just used the heart key whatever you
please use the heart key the heart key
is something that's very special and
only given to special people
huh she's special Marie's armies were
supposed to happen today but I should
feel like a zombie I think it's from
like I played Eleanor pretty much all
day and I did nothing else the you
zombeavers long can you walk like a
zombie zombies in Tesco what happened if
this is Omni in here if I go for the
brain infection that's the brain section
in Pascal
they probably have the brains in the
reduce section haha I'm like walking up
i Alice I don't even know who I am
no piles I really know why I'm here I
don't even know why I exist I don't even
know what day it is I don't even know
who you are Who am I
alright thank you so much your hair
hey the wooden spoon is done no it's not
still there look people have taken
advantage of it you know if it is on me
is that huh yeah hey you little girl huh
gee I did have asking her or sleepy
sleepy girl what about here
you good boy are you you're a good boy
huh you're the best boy aren't you best
boy hmm you guys are my best you wanna I
love you guys so much I love them guys
so much me acting a bit funny today I'll
be was all shivering he gets fed not
sometimes I like chivalry earlier on and
she was just like normal fine you know
he was like oh he's just like so like
depressed and upset and all stuff you
know and there was a huge storm at the
time so where'd he get oh maybe it was
because there was a big storm or maybe
it's because it's the rapture end of the
world and they won't know that you know
and then he sort of got over that now
and he's acting like normal and then she
normally hangs around with I don't know
all the time but she's like following me
around like she's every time I leave
she's like by my side and just like
totally needy to me now for some weird
reason and he's like completely find it
normal and she's all shivering and upset
it's like oh you guys are so funny it's
like I don't know if I give one more
attention or one last danger I don't
know what I'm supposed to do well I
loved him I loved him very much Lee I
think want to happen today is that Anna
left with her mom to go to the Italian
store maybe that was like a changing
routine because normally I'm always one
at least Nana doesn't usually write
again there you get left alone with me
so maybe they felt like and I betrayed
them or something ha ha
my turn to start at the dinner now
because we're gonna watch some doctor
whoo-hoo Doctor Who let's get some
juices on the go I like when you put the
ice right in the water for the first
time you will get this well actually
get the sound isn't that kind of cool a
little sort of a little wrinkly crinkly
sound that kind of makes one set in a
colorful version now to get the rest of
the dinner on the go let's see how the
little potatoes are doing oh nice nice
indeed they look so nearly done I love
little potatoes you know I love potatoes
in general but and that's not really
much of a potato either so we don't need
that much potato feed a lot of pastas
and rice pasta rice and fish and chicken
but very every now and again I'm allowed
a concession where potatoes is in the
order and today we're having potatoes we
love to me we'd have shepherd's pie
mashed potato coddle stew I'm just I'm
just a small-town boy living in a crazy
no I know it's just like I like potatoes
and I'm an Irish boy that's what Irish
boy likes Irish boy likes potatoes and
just potatoes I'm just like that always
know you're a proper cook when you've
got the air YFC is put the thingy
the dish cloth on your shoulder and it's
like I'm professional okay I have a dish
pot on my shoulder yo he's got chicken
here with the asparagus the chicken and
the spire he is and I got more sauce
than me but you got a smaller chicken so
that's how I figured out where we take
olive oil potatoes okay that's not this
isn't working out for watching anyone
else yeah one of these ones scooping
these plop them these these these are
like little herbs and stuff on them like
that
dyndns is ready to go mmm yummy yummy
yummy super excited to watch it no no I
want to eat this and lashed out there
who I love what sucker while eating me
know I do what I don't even know what
I'm saying anymore so I got this pudding
thing as well right oh yeah by the way
dinner
YUM scrum didn't thing right
alright and it says stick it in the
microwave for two minutes or boil steam
boil it for like 25 minutes I was like
okay the micro no wave is pointless so
it's kind of like right the oven but in
the oven for that we got nine minutes
that's got to be the same thing right
cause it's like a Belgian chocolate
sponge
double chocolate chocolate chips bunny
Leakey volcano I'm gonna add a little
bit of it
he's a brook caramel ice cream it's
gonna have a good time I have a good
time all the time their work to a
certain extent first problem I see here
is that the thing actually melted to the
cross when I took it out so that's
probably not so good
oh so far we will just give that a
second to cool down there we just sort
of pull it off and we'll pull this thing
off I'm gonna see we have the pudding
thing did it work
is this possible okay kind of work so
far mmm you just get the pudding engine
yeah yeah fell over though yeah no
chopper back so it's supposed to oh yeah
that's what I'm talking about
Oh chocolate goodness I decided to pair
it up with some yum yum check it out I
put some ice cream on the side of it
that is what I'm talking about guys
look at that as far as I know and just
chocolate inside it as well ah oh yeah
that's the truffle the chocolate Oh diet
that's what you want
