part two of a three part process
three-part effects there we go here we
go Looby loo we go loop de lie it's
pretty sunny today and the queen is
coming today we bei oh and oh my
goodness
little sister style diet as well she is
she's running as one of those a guard of
honors um think trying I just give you a
worm's about what's going on oh I don't
even know what's going on yo but yeah I
don't let the Queen's go down to the
English market which is just on a Main
Street in Cork so maybe her do something
where they line up all the kids but
Erica's gonna be there how awesome is
that she does not understand appreciates
the awesomeness but I'm and that's so
awesome I'm kind of jealous like I was
like me can I put on uniform be all like
okay but um mom never be so cool
that'd be so good because you never ever
get to go near and it was I thought it
was gonna be a thing where we could all
go down and wave hi but no turns out we
can't even get anywhere near her so and
then Erika was like oh I'm gonna I
didn't guard of honor and I was like oh
my god is so cool you know I'm doing I'm
gonna get it the second part of a root
canal so what she's they're all like no
mom I'm like woo not fun not fun at all
this is no joking matter yo but I wish
this was the third part I'd be so much
happier this was the third part but once
this parts over it's the root canal you
stuff over it and then the next part is
the actual veneer part you know like
shaving and slapping and that's it
goodbye dodgy too
I'd be like Hollywood yo I like Tom
Cruise like hi pearly white oh the shark
bites where's it sue that bad that so I
feel like a bit of an idiot right now
because it is eight oh four on a Friday
which is way way earlier than we usually
get up on a Friday but hey guys um
Jonathan had to go to the dentist and I
caught up with him because I thought
that um he had said yesterday that he
wanted me to go with him actually I
think it's in the vlog but anyways I
honestly had thought that I was going as
well and I was I was totally like groggy
and tired and stuff getting up and like
oh I took my shower put on my makeup
pretty quickly you know all that stuff
and then it turns out that he was like
it's gonna be for an hour and you're
just gonna be in the waiting room like
just waiting like you know you don't
have to calm and I'm like wait why not I
get up what's wrong with me so now I'm
like fully made up like totally dressed
everything ready to go and it's like 804
and I've nowhere to go although I do
have a ton of stuff to do Jonathan's
sister his older sister is coming today
and I'm I need to like vacuum and stuff
like that you know all the kind of
stupid old cleaning stuff that you have
to do when people come over
um so yeah now I'm gonna have my
breakfast because I can just like calm
down because I was totally rushing for
like no reason
so and I'm gonna put all this more
coffee as well I feel like such an idiot
I'm like why for all this time that I
was rushing he didn't even say anything
to me actually we're kind of not on very
good terms right now because I'm a
little bit of a fight last night and it
was just stupid like we just we fight
all the time we just never vlog it
obviously because I think would be kind
of weird if we just whipped at a camera
while we were screaming at each other
like I think that would probably
intensify the whole the mood of the
argument anymore but anyways um yeah so
we went to sleep on an argument actually
last night so we weren't really in the
best of terms this morning so we'll see
how that goes but usually what happens
it's like one of us just like kind of
gives off or whatever and like not even
apologize is just like okay let's just
off this so I don't know I think he's
kind of okay about it I think it's kind
of wrong about but um it wasn't anything
major we were just so like mean to each
other last night I was mean Jonathan and
he was paying to me so I think we're
even anyways um I'm gonna make my
breakfast my porridge and oh my god it's
another gorgeous day but remember
yesterday I was like oh it's such a
stunning day and then I turned out to be
a gloomy disgusting day so because I'm
dressed and everything I might just have
my breakfast and then quickly take the
dogs out that is then testy Johnny O's
well that's the root canal pipe I've got
my buddy Tigers back bloody haha because
this guy is like I was waving a banner
last time he's amazing amazing is to
touch up a touch of God he doesn't hurt
at all but little um Zio's but before we
you to some dentists roll up he's like I
don't even know what no it's a super
number
sufen on this he was like um so Natalie
they're freaking out I'm gonna have to
leave that for about a month just to
make sure I'm like oh I want the vanity
thing I want you to fix the vanity
so it's like I have to fix the
structures of the tunes and everything's
great a unfun next step is to get to get
the actual veneering whatever it's
called over it and that's duct the one
I'm waiting for y'all that's the one I
want to see but I got away - 24 - June
nice like and that's a two-step process
to my two-step process no so they like
shave it down and then put a temporary
thing on for the first while and then if
we rack but when you put the temporary
thing on like that's pretty much it done
because a temporary one and then they go
and they mow ladder proper a good new
one or something bad hello Widow whoo
Ronnie your knees team oh but my reward
now is I'm gonna get me some LA noire
I'm gonna get Miss Eleanor I'm gonna get
this done I'm gonna get this muttering
Lord I'm gonna push my landlord would
you like some Eleanor Ellen you are
LMU la-le-la Ellen R it looks like
Eleanor you wah wah wah I think it the
drugs from the dentist are getting to my
brain right it's gonna start raining and
I don't bother she take the motor or not
but I know they'd like to go hmm isn't
that right there Xena there's a week
oh it just looks so kind of um gray I
don't know guys
looks like a my train maybe we should
just stay inside I don't know yeah
moving that way which is bad so maybe we
just wait for a little while okay what's
really funny is that I probably look
like super eager because it's only like
quarter past nine Here I am like coming
in done like I got that la you are he's
like ah dude did you get up this morning
like super early just to get le more huh
yeah total hardcore gamer so I guess I
was extra super too eager
it wasn't even open yet we're going for
a walk ease kind of why no this is it's
frickin all over the place hate this
while there is he can you just stay
one-way no right you know oh yeah love
it and I got the special Naked City
version as well which is awesome but you
get in here
oh this pursuit challenge oh yeah
loving the extra special stuff and I can
open it because there might be some code
or something in there and then I suppose
I could just edit it up why don't open
it mm-hmm nice oh my goodness I'm so
excited
Eleanor Ellen you are oh that's what I
got The Naked City the bad pursuit
challenge I'm like a child who's had his
first sniff of candy
mommy is discovering a stamen that I
taste huh all the editing and rendering
and was rendering at the moment of
processing but I am ready to do this
that's turneth oh I have a new friend
hello candy Andy Oh candy Andy right
pretty darn fine me just am closed this
over oh that's better no better are we
y'all excited already
Oh everytime there's always some sort of
a download ha like today is the day it's
got released how could you possibly be
an update for the release game oh so you
can make but too bad not too bad Ali
will be it will be ready in a minute
okay
Hooper ready to go under man but I just
it doesn't know me when you buy a new
game and on the day of release of said
new game there is an update you're
thinking how could you possibly be an
update already what do you mean the game
that is corrupt and it's being repaired
but it's only installing how could it
possibly be corrupt and is being
repaired
I just sounds crazy I know it's gonna
it's probably something to do with the
ad update the patch the pH but is
installing one or hell a note and you
guys live in LA because apparently I
know it's like 1940s but apparently like
they did it to scale on everything like
in the streets and where everything is
so if you look like in an old place in
LA like I can come to your house I can
drop by your house and call in for a cup
of tea with your great-grandparents
wouldn't it be so much fun oh yeah let's
turn that off oh you guys can't hear
what I can hear by them let me just
press the X button oh yeah it's some
jazzy jazzy J music I tell you it's got
jazzy Jamie's I kind of return off the
microphone ticking ooh mmm scroll what I
need to scroll oh look
no no place
excuse me I may need to wet my
underpants
taking a few minutes break from
detective oh yeah I'm all detective now
start off with a rookie work by up to a
detective but I gotta make some num-nums
for the love loves we're going for
double chicken chili Sambo's all around
you will come up I command you in the
name of English oh oh
speed yourself explain yourself young
man
whoa girl
my hair is catching on my new here
that's that's the one that's the one I
was telling you about okay what am I
going first oh boy oh boy it's not
common they're like you should get a job
and like family garden Simpsons imagine
me in the voice-over artist I'm actually
I'm Oh quite dexterous black since I
think there are accents for my voices
see in order to be a convincing making
up our voice er person all you have to
do is be slightly crazy you see all the
characters are alive in my brain no but
I do is I'm like will I be Uncle Jimmy a
whole anime just
I'm just Salmons up looking oh maybe we
will get Terrance
what about Polanco everything just
taking a break again to upload the video
to YouTube right I just went onto the
YouTube page to upload it and look look
if you notice today on YouTube homepage
how to install a top video and top
favorited are yeah two videos from the
lovely style diet that's so cool
someday I'll have a video there someday
I'll be great you're wonderful and have
videos on home pages like so hmm maybe I
should do a team home workout routine at
home EO workout routine that's what I'll
do I'll just rename it that's what I'll
do that's my plan yo oh goodness I
haven't really done much all day my
sister and her husband were just here
and you're here for like the last few
hours we were talking about like
weddings and stuff because they got
married in New Zealand which was abroad
and she's just talking about like
parents and blah blah blah and all that
stuff so how are you blog Bush today
because half of it was playing and good
old LA noire and oh yeah just reminded
me um penny the world's gonna end
tomorrow so if you're watching this and
did the world did the world end taking
in the world landing oh my goodness
I just look over here what the hell
that's crazy look for that it's like a
massive fire Anna come here you see that
I'll just zoom in here what the heck
look at that that's like a huge fires of
them oh my god that is intense
what the hell what is that it looks like
an adder ocean Stein area like
that is crazy this is I'm sitting here
joking about the end of the world
what
oh my god I hope it was okay like that
wasn't there a second ago no just turned
around just like oh my goodness
oh crap look like she started flaming
again and that doesn't look that big but
from here like that is huge
that is incredible why she decides like
I'm gonna quickly upload and I drove
this video of the actual footage because
I don't know if anyone knows about this
I'm like guys somebody needs to somebody
needs to know about this like it's still
raging on there can you see that I don't
know I don't even accounting it
justifies this camera is way too small
it's got like no zoom in it but does not
justify the size I can't like blazing
again okay it's like blazing up again
the thing zoom
