or hey thanks a lot interesting one do
you guys believe not believe but you
know one like horoscopes and star signs
and all that kind of stuff like do you
think there's any facts to that not the
written word where you're like this week
the stars are lining which will bring
you good news followed by somebody that
has a liking of you will make themselves
known because I think that's kind of
stuff can be interpreted whatever way
you want it to be but in terms of actual
star sign compatibility cuz I understand
and I like because I'm an Aquarius right
and someone I like seriously like all
Aquarians and certain people make sense
every match and I was just wondering
like the amethyst Scorpio I'm an
Aquarian do Aquarius as and Scorpio is
actually mix or DNA not mix because we
get on very well she's extremely fiery
and I'm extremely calm and relaxed is
that what an Aquarian is someone's come
relaxed articulated and you know or is
Scorpio someone that's like like a
scorpion I mean but em what's your star
sign and are you compatible with your
current partner boyfriend-girlfriend any
that kind of stuff you know let me know
leave me some comments but and you guys
Aquarius is Burmese born aware oh my god
it is a stunning day today and this is
the first day of May that has been this
pretty in this sunny air like really
like summer look at that
you can't even see it so bright
but I really really love it
this is the kunai thing that makes me so
happy and this will make my day rate cut
you know awful a day that is always what
happens but seriously not see super
sunny so I'm really excited about that
take the dogs for like a billion loss
today just to make my way so I'm gonna
make coffee and Jonathan's gonna be
pissed because Oh
open the old thing his favorite coffee
is going this one so that sucks
so look how cute that is
that's mine of course so yeah I'm gonna
have to oh great I just spilled coffee
grains everywhere stupid mmm okay so I'm
gonna have to use this one which isn't
that bad actually
I don't think it's odd but I think it's
really fussy but it's coffee
so do you really likes the court coffee
roasters one and then there's one other
one oh the one that we got from Rhema a
subscriber of ours he sent us like a
really big package it was amazing and
she sent us um this was ages ago like
was it like at Christmas time or
something but she sent us
she sent Jonathan a Starbucks coffee but
it was like that parent makes the best
one that he's ever tasted like in his
ways because we get started with coffee
here as well but um it was a different
like brand or something or not brunch
but it was a different roast so he says
that's the best coffee that he's ever
had apart from maybe court coffee was
just so much work so thank you Rima for
that because he really really liked that
a lot
mhm honey we can't get it here cuz I'm a
trendsetter he show know that I set the
trends okay I know you're thinking
match Navy ash with black I can do that
yo you can't wear a tracksuit with a
designer a beautiful top oh yeah
you can't wear runners and shoes oh yeah
it's done guys I'm a trendsetter yo yo
do you like my trend setting what do you
think
ho Chan say yeah yeah I'm a trendsetter
yo boo Nana what's my name ooh na na
what's my name
she's given our name huh what an idiot
that's like oh nana what's my name
oh now that what is dynamic and then you
like what's my name where's my umbrella
I like the smell of it he's a nut job a
job of nuts makes me a job of to pick
nuts
oh look ways are known on this lame
we'll take it I'll take it Billy Bob
head into the po po po po box someone
asked me a comment I'm having a few
times but I've just kind of never sent
it back because I never want to like be
all like send me stove would you because
I feel like oh it's kind of like mean
like butt and the P o box address is
mailbox 211
don't address it but I'll put it
somewhere around the screen here it's on
the homepage it's on my channel page
it's on two places on the channel page
it's not the video descriptions it's on
it's on Anna's channel page and it's on
my channel page and that's where it is
seems like it's nowhere I can't find it
anywhere and it's like but but it's not
in the description box because I don't
wanna put in description box because I
was put in a screeching box for a while
right and then and then I thought what
if you ever like move or something and
then I have to go back to you like a
thousand videos and actually delete it
so I stopped putting it into the
description box so now it's on the
channel page the only place it is on the
channel page so if I need to change it
or alter it I can do in one place rather
than having to go to the videos and go
to the stuff and actually change it
because that would be like such a pain
in their bum bum I have to go in here
today because queen is coming tomorrow
and the whole city is gonna be like
lockdown it's gonna be locked down tight
there'll be no moving around the city
tomorrow so you gotta get in today
it's wrong a little till Friday you know
keep that extra day you know what uh I
like Tareen on intense games you do like
you know on Thursday and I likes doing
it on that Thursday she likes to do it
on a Thursday oh my god so look what we
just got from Gina from pause thank you
so much Gina she always sends us like
pawns stuff and those we're obsessed
with dogs
this is paws it's the charity that we
support under
okay pause sorry um yeah pause is like a
well we visited it for the don't forget
to be awesome project for awesome and
they're based in Melinda home 20
temporary and they are a dog shelter
it's the largest Irish dog rehoming
organization people's Animal Welfare
Society
anyways look what we got this is so cool
this is really difficult to do because
I'm like folding like and then like
trying to open packages at the same time
but look at this it's a Maltese mouse
pad and coaster set ah
and then we got way to coasters and a
nice pad I think generally I can use
that for you know what Abby likes to
drink water from his glass so you can
have that as his poster oh it's so cute
thank you so much I love this and guess
did you tell them that
albian scene are gonna be in a and then
oh my god this is actually really cool
I've always wanted one of these
um she sent us all these like keychains
but I think this is like a flashlight or
something at this point and then this
one has Westies on it to find the poops
at my time and then this one is one of
those shopping probably thingies all
that stuff is probably available on paws
that I eat if you guys want to buy some
of that stuff it's pretty much you
confident enough that that it's probably
available apart sunny and all the money
at obviously that you buy at Subway
coast-to-coast applause it's like
distracting you can have the black or
you know it's dark you can put the keys
and you're trying to find a key in the
ignition
yeah this one I think it's another
bottle opener thinking the church we
just passed there if you're interested
is where I made my own communion oh my
god believe it or not that's the food
can't really see
crazy lady every park has a crazy lady
it's part of the tradition now time to
make some num nums for another note
hey know much on tomorrow's ok so take
this up alright got some chili tomatoes
rocket haha a bit of pepper
hey CI yeah
oh she usually sexism vs. nurse easy on
the Mayo
what was it easy on the Miracle Whip huh
you're gonna add years ago do you guys
smell that
wow I've got some the gooey green chili
on here and I love it it isn't it kind
of cute I think it's these gotta get
Anna a cup and i hate's discover if I
ever give a nerd a Batman cup she gets
very upset I could give her the princess
cup but this is this is what we call a
teacup this prop is designed to have tea
in it not to have I guess we'll go this
one like having a disco just go tech you
like
hey wait a second what the what the what
the what the what the what the horn
Hannah are you guys on the Facebook or
the Twitter war today did you see the
picture that I tweet add or put on last
book would you guys huh or is it that is
it boss's boss is it there it is do you
guys want C's do you guys want C's let
me just put it out there oh yeah you
guys t-shirt so what do you guys think
you guys know an ice cream I said I
wanna get an ice cream
now Mena now we're gonna go through the
cinema guys to get some ice cream
you wanna you guys oh crap your names on
it
and so cool it's got all the funny
quotes that we guys always say isn't it
so cool
I just sent it off duty have printers
they're sent off the designs to the
print whores I'm hopefully gonna get
them back soon but these are gonna be
hadn't woven okay no but they'll be
printed by us and then we're gonna sign
them and then we'll see with you we
might give a couple away some sort of
cool competition II thing well yeah
did you see them already on the Facebook
or the Twitter count the whole the
ladies huh
coach the arm up it depends on if you're
holding her against her will or you're
holding her if she wants to come now if
she in the middle of the road to day
I've got a young girl by my side my
kidnap her for me gunpoint Tuesday
fee-fi-fo-fum why do you do that
whitey I don't put a th in anything I do
not what did you just say today today
today I thought for myself
that today was going to be a special day
and I was going to go and get myself a
troll ago thrala Dale
you can't throw your bag around like you
own the place
so tomorrow morning at 8:00 a.m. oh what
the hell I didn't make the appointment
the specialist guy-to-guy was getting a
root canal done before he's world
renowned there's three steps to getting
my front tooth ground or DaVinci veneer
though everywhere it is and this is part
two part dois so this is the second part
of this is like completely to Rican
alphabet but it's at eight o'clock
tomorrow morning
what's the good point good point
I better be at 8 a.m. 8 and then put
into place
in order to get your makeup routine
anyway Eleanor's that tomorrow morning
so I'll be finished at 9 o'clock I get
him dip in got la more tender steps
punch bowl once was a boycott
Joe your only Pony lived on st. Johns
Road why our final FMP from a final
major project in University in
Bournemouth I made this animation of
this little guy called George roly-poly
based on me but we lived in st. Johns
Road in Bournemouth and it was like
what's gonna boil him Jolie Rollie
pollie here it's on my youtube channel
check it out
it is what I think it is that is I never
believed it
