I'm quite enjoying these curry soup
things cheeky chicken curry soup
Colleen's color the trends coffees a
little much
that's what I do I go I'll roll yo oh
nice and down here taking Dee's
connecting them together or creating
some sort of a hmm
we already did it ro Jack did come back
no more oh I've done it again I've done
it again guys know if you're wondering
what I mean look oh no not again
yeah you're like whooshing and you're
trying to put your seat belt on
you're like come on you see bells like
oh I am NOT going to release myself
unless you do it nice and slowly and you
say please mister and thank you you're
like don't oh no good go to well that's
what I just want you there second ago
but I got enough now I gotta go
Petroleum's but the nearest Petroleum
station is like that's a pyre when I say
go get away but I don't go do the rakes
and going up to the universe okay so um
this could be a fun standing on the side
of the road where a begging someone can
have some petrol kind of a vlog to make
it fly maggot food a petrol station will
a mega Buddha Patras oh so I wanted to
tell you about something kind of cool
that I was watching a video on YouTube
yesterday and I just kind of um decided
to do this but I wanted to tell you guys
I was watching one of cosmetic Charlotte
72 videos she's this really pretty
English girl that I found on YouTube and
she has like a beauty channel and you
should check right so it's cosmetics
Charlotte 72 yeah definitely check
correct
I love her I think she's really sweet so
anyways um she did this video called
the four week no heat challenge and
basically she was talking about um her
friend who I think went for four months
without using any kind of heat on her
hair so that means like you know
blow-drying or um like GHD like
straighteners or curling irons or any
kind of heat styling products on her
hair she just kind of left it natural um
which I haven't natural today but um she
did that for four months and her hair
grew like six inches I think or
something like that like something
really insane so and my hair grows
pretty fast anyway and I think that's
probably because I don't usually use a
lot of heat on my hair at all like the
only thing I really use on a regular
basis is a blow dryer and that's like
only every four days or something you
know like when I actually wash my hair
because my hair is still dry so I don't
need to watch it as much
so I wash it like every three yeah like
on the fourth day so like every three
days um but I don't usually style it
unless it's for like a special occasion
or something but Charlotte said she was
going to do this for four weeks she's
gonna do a no heat challenge and see how
much her hair grows because she wants
her hair to be longer for summer well I
want my hair to be long for the wedding
now I don't know I will be able to do
this but I'm just gonna show you guys
what I would like I made it I made it I
made it I made it I made it a little Oh
whew lands eating me please Oh
you users actually there was a moment
there I thought maybe I want to make it
now I don't know if this is gonna be
possible but I'm gonna try anyways um
basically my wedding is in three months
I think yeah is that three months before
I can never remember three or four son
September first whatever that is so yeah
and my hair right now you can see how
long it is it's kind of down to like
well yeah right here and I don't know
how well you can see that because I
don't know if the camera will show but I
would like my hair to be underneath my
boobs that's what I want it to be like
that's how it was around this time last
year and then I cut it just because of
like damage and everything in split ends
I just wanted like a big change um so I
would really like my hair to be long for
my wedding I think it would really suit
the style of my wedding dress as well
which obviously you haven't seen it but
um you know it's just that kind of a
dress like it would suit longer hair I
am going to be having my hair half will
kind of like down with I think maybe
little braids or something I'm not sure
but I will have most of it down for my
wedding day so yeah I'm going to do this
challenge I don't know if any of you
guys are girls any of you guys or girls
if any of you are girls and or advice
but guys don't technically three yeah
they don't usually use um ghd's and like
curling irons maybe you do but um
anyways uh whether you're a girl or guys
want to do this challenge then
definitely let me know leave a comment
let me know what your kind of hair goal
is because I have how many months do I
have left
can somebody do the maths like I
actually stuck at maths today is it's
May middle of May June July August
September so it's kind of like four
months but not really it's like three
and a half okay so wait three and a half
months I'd like my hair to be down
underneath my boobs if it's not then I
won't be like really sad because it's
still quite long but let me know what
your personal hair goal is and I am
going to pledge right now
I'm gonna use any heat on my hair except
for maybe like you know when you blow
dry the roots that I don't think that
when you can't does it not really
because you're not really damaging here
let me know it should that be included
in the rules or not I don't know but I
really would like to have my hair longer
so um yeah let me know what you think
and what you want to have your hair like
what length you want to have it by in
whatever however many months you can do
this for one month two months three
months four months whatever I'm going to
try and do this up until my wedding I'm
not going to use any heat on my hair
except maybe the fruits with the booger
but um let me know if that should not if
that should not be like so if you want
to try to join this challenge then leave
a comment and also tell Charlotte cuz
she actually came up with this like I
can't take credit for this at all so
Cosmetics Charlotte don't eat you smell
fresh cut grass on a summer's day and I
was a little smell fresh grip cracks you
know I has hay fever so don't actually
totally appreciate as much as I do
whatever just something nice about it's
a super sunny day and I'm driving my way
I'm going to fly up our worlds I'm wah
bah bah bah bah bah ha I think that sort
of molded into batted of hell and they
got you're good enough meat loaf meat of
the slope equals Wickliffe ha ha sunny
day guys sunny day just letting you know
whoa we have done absolutely nothing
today well actually that's not true I
just filmed a video for my channel
that's not nothing that's actually a lot
anyways are you still in a video from my
channel I started uploading vlogs and
then I get a call from Jonathan he's
like oh I'm coming home Ernie as normal
um and we haven't even made the bed we
haven't done anything I know John
Jonathan or daddy
where's Teddy he's coming home and
nothing's done and we look like guys we
look like losers look like Brad do
anything all day oh yeah Kristin
good I'll be tail hello everyone and
they can help where's my where's my
subscribers subscribers oh look at me
I'm a pro blogger I'm vlogging hair run
my face and I'm holding a tray that's
pro blogging for you guys
oh look Johnson didn't clean up after
himself as usual I always have to clean
up after him because he's a messy boy
but look at my little trees and that's
so cute a little doggy and a bone on it
that's how I eat my breakfast in the
mornings there bring it up with me to
bed and then I answer emails and
messages and all that stuff so we just
put in the store so the dog is
and I wasn't going to say um I'm just
gonna make my lunch in Essex she's tired
after her wonky um I'm just gonna make
my lunch now and I'm really tired oh my
god what time
that's not pinkie is it no um it's
probably John tension bus well cool look
at that look at that I look at this I
have to clean that off like is that fair
no no I actually don't worry because I'm
kind of a clean not I would say creams
seem more like a neat-freak true we have
for lunch I think I'm gonna have bagel
always and I think it might make salmon
tonight actually or maybe chicken I'm
not sure cuz last night I had passed out
and Jonathan had um beef stroganoff we
were kind of bold and we got like those
um Tesco finest meal I didn't feel like
cooking which is really lazy cuz we have
like a fridge stocked full of food I am
uploading my work yet video as we speak
hope you guys liked it um you know I'm
not like a professional or anything so I
don't know how the response is going to
be I'm sure that a lot of like pro
Fitness people are pretty good night
your technique is all wrong and like
you're doing all this thing wrong and
like when I was walking a back I noticed
but a couple of things like even I know
what I was doing wrong but like you know
when you don't see yourself like it's
very difficult because if you're trying
to do the technique right and like keep
your back straight or whatever if you
can't see yourself that's probably a
white down Studios have mirrors isn't it
probably so that you can see all the
mistakes you're doing but like my back I
was trying to keep it straight when I
was doing like those BOTS lift weight or
boat lifts like Glen leg lifts with the
tree or but and where you go like this
and then you know men you like lift it
up anyways um you're not sure to arch
your back
of course and I was even saying like
don't arch your back and I noticed in
the video that I kind of was so I don't
know how that's gonna pay for and
respond to that um I hope too many
people aren't like oh it's all wrong
because I kind of know that it's wrong
like not that you're not gonna hurt
yourself cuz it's not like it's trying
us work out or anything but it's what I
did to lose weight and work so I just
hope people kind of like understand that
I'm not trying to be like a professional
I'm just trying to be like oh hey I'm
just this girl who lost weight and this
is what I did so anyway gonna ice and
which news oh my goodness there is no
water here like what her forehead to
Titus I'm hoping that Cena does not run
all the way to this island surprising it
there are the best thing in the world
Cena what he's good
she is so funny she is such a dog energy
she is like even children like a piece
of water something brought it like all
the way here all the waiting aside it's
back guys I'm back on the interwebs
while I really enjoyed read but like oh
ah oh I wounds off mine oh well my god I
got finally we're back we're back to
mindless violence something computer
games although referring for and games
to download right I don't know if you're
a PSN person check in see out and Z
right I'm thinking it going with the
little fun teddy bear thing that runs
around racy game
counting in a bird and infamous uh no
interest in a white bed game and the
Ratchet and Clank game writer Ratchet
and Clank whatever's got not really not
really into that but the first two I
will take I will take them please thank
you very much all those in the shuffle
the shop isn't open yet but I'm very
happy to be back online if you're a psi
player are you happy to be back online
part you cuz I'm sure Stella
ah uh I missed this
I missed this crazy fun yeah yeah yeah
ah the fence white the what what was
this last month like what did you used
to do
I don't yeah yeah I remember
all right read a book back to normal you
having fun at me I'm from the zombie
game okay it's on me now I would like to
I'd like to talk to you about your
behavior mr. zombie man just recently
I've just recently I found a thank you
very yeah come here to me now oh oh oh
goodness
sorry I shoot you chasing it so I'm
making dinner right now and um I just
want to do show you guys my little
butterflies um our pink all you can't
see that at all okay well they were pink
I should have shown it to when they were
not out of the bag from there so in the
bag but can you see like the little ends
of them hold on they look orange now
though see that the ends in the middle
are pink
oh no wait that's yeah see okay it looks
orange now but it was pink when they
weren't cooked so that's kind of cool
and then well actually works it better
if they're orange because I'm making um
stemless red pepper paste Oh so kind of
matches huh huh alone shop
shop come on oh we got we know the shop
destitute so cup holders and would be
how did you love your daddy Oh be
endorsing that hello spirit elaborate
artisan out lil at me man engineer condo
hello rely - give me a kiss give me a
kiss man
number smoochie especially my life my
life
lunge I know he are more a type in law I
like a pizza box if I love judgment oh
that is crazy
who could eat in numbers we shall go get
some nom noms yeah Oh little more this
Moody
so anyway spoo teen week someone left a
comment and they said m with all the
vlogging do you find that by doing a day
like every single day that you guys
fight less and I said no sir we've had
plenty of time during the day to fight
around the filling ha ha ha ha
such a fraidy streak streak ha ha ha
believe me you keep goodies moving
eating money
eat it I'm sorry buddy
Connie
you're a recycler or a cyclist a cyclist
recyclers you're a cyclist recycle is
like a linglong like a linguist like the
wings like a Lingam so I'm stuck in the
car again minding the Garvin sofas oh
forgot well actually we've both forgot
to bring any money to the shop so now
Jonathan's gonna have to go back in the
house and give the dogs another treat
and tell them to my in the house again
because otherwise they'll get all
confused if you go back into the house
and then leave without giving them a
treat because it's kind of like their
routine but yeah I got them a new look
so you look it's actually really good
for shoes he's so old
everyone just cares the man yeah
Jonathan what are we gonna never know
fight through this you know it never
works you have to like time yourself and
then less I know because it's made for
emergencies you're never gonna have a
cam emergency I'm accident
oh oh oh no no Lee movie yeah exactly
it's made for like impact or whatever
impact force impact landing force impact
landing with an Andy black braking
energy lock braking this is my James
Jenness toys oh did I do that
how is gonna come in here oh wait alone
with unknown to lonesome place more
bouncy popcorn
what kind of pop comes right we have
coffee
I'm a health nut topic only cuz you're
pretty that was just super gonna empty I
hate only one man nothing's ever two
days yeah and I know I'm a knows one of
the actors that's in LA nor is it
um easel my friend easel she'd uh she's
got a blog and she's scale of her gay
Lohara
so if you're playing Eleanor in two days
or he's released in the u.s. already its
her head like her face and her voice on
a different part it is so cool she's an
actor I promise if I mean if I'm in a
situation where I have to shoot her I
really consider it when I may have to
shoot her title
