we can round this week oh yeah that the
Queen of England and president of the
United States of America well I think
he's coming next week but I am this is
so great for another country because
Ireland Ireland is in tough times at the
moment economically and politically
we're all right I think we've kind of
settled down but a definitely economic
we've got a massive deficit and you know
we need all the attention that we can
get from the world to show that our
local business we are ready for imports
and exports and all sorts of business
and come on down to Ireland why you come
there for business get you up good
corporation tax right here oh yeah good
come on now to go vessel but uh jokes
aside it is really good that I'm the
queen is coming here and Obama's coming
here it's like all of the world is gonna
be looking you know all the news
stations for any world they're gonna be
curious you know what what's up with the
Queenie on what's up with that well I
you know why they come in here and you
know it will be a great opportunity for
us to kind of you know where promote and
all our products and promote our country
as it's a good place to come you know
come on down bring your businesses bring
everything this is awesome we're like
we're a global community you know we're
friends with the world come on now
bothers their patron of Island you have
been summoned by how am I just see the
Queen of England to entertain her you
have been given a road just stuff but I
want to be a knight I could be a knight
gifts like now Jessica opus
Bartleby a knife we had the knights of
the round table
we are the Knights and same thing
awesome that window right there instead
he walks like that's like the multi
fighting them academy of Silly Walks
part we got the idea but idea and you
guys were month but one my fav mine
fights was one where they were most
alive one that they did you know i got
your bread life of brian said meaning of
life oh but the live ones into the room
is like hi i'm i i'm in for an argument
no you're not yes I am no you're not
yeah yeah no I went into reception she
told me this where you come for any good
I don't know what your drive my this
another place good for an argument no I
swear this is where I've come for Angwin
sir don't raise your voice of a high it
was like oh is this the argument have we
started no nobody said no and he just
goes on and on it and then and then
after he went home sinus times up what
it was like
time's up oh and then the other guy
won't have an argument with him back so
he just like agrees with everything he
says well it is Tuesday morning there's
a slight over class class cloud through
looks like it's gonna rain
I got almost eight hours of sleep last
night what I know I know I shut it all
down
I sent around Twitter's I'm sure this
time shutting this down yo you guys you
guys hashtag I'm shutting this down I am
going to sleep couldn't take it
Sony a certain amount of a certain
amount of abuse I can take
someone is pestering Anna that her dad
was part of the knight of Templar and it
was like somebody been reading The Da
Vinci Code a little bit too much the
knight of Templar are you insane like
the dad was come on a tour a which is a
night I suppose like this similar to
being a knight in Italy put like and so
what that's so horrible and so
disrespectful as well because like kinda
lost her dad you know and I don't think
she wants to be ridiculed by someone on
Form screen that's anonymous and you
can't win with honors because I know
we'll just get it upset and she's like
say something back in and maybe just
like brah
yeah you're like you you practice to the
black Pope or you know I mean you're
like a rainbow kid or some crap like
that you know it's like oh my god like
it's so disrespectful if you lost your
father do you think that you'd want
someone ridiculing you telling you that
they're part of some stupid Illuminati
or whatever the hell are saying like
it's just so ridiculous I can and
sometimes too much that comes in and get
all deflated and you get off in like why
am I doing this like why do I bother
like stigma in this community like if
people just gonna be so mean to me you
know and then and then you guys you guys
are awesome because you guys always make
us feel better you always guys make us
feel happy and your mind is why we do
this and then you inject that enthusiasm
and excitement back into the community
hugs all around love you forever ever
and I say gosh darnit
golly gumdrops this is why I do it
because you guys are awesome so it's a
mourning time and um you might notice
that my little spot watch it was really
big wasn't a little at all it's kind of
going down
actually it's gone down considerably so
thank you so much for all your tips and
tricks and all your comments and
everything because a lot of people gave
me like different products and stuff to
use I actually use pan axle which has
benzoyl peroxide in it which is like the
best thing for acne I found because I
had really bad acne when I was like 18
my skin is still not perfect as you can
probably tell right now I've got nothing
on my face
but people always leave like
nice comments on my videos and stuff
being like you have flawless skin I'm
like no I don't I really really don't so
um it's really sweet oh my god it's not
not this most annoying sound ever that's
what happened the plumbing in this house
is like so craptastic whenever we flush
a toilet it like dribbles like that for
ages like the water runs for ages and
ages and ages and like literally every
time we flush any toilet in our house so
it's I'm really sorry for that but we
get I'm actually going to close the door
we get really used to it now but when we
first moved in that was like super
knowing like we hated it and like at
nighttime oh my god but you do get used
to it so hopefully the next place we
move into will not have that bad
plumbing but anyway so I was the saying
yes opens what peroxide is what I use on
my spot sees but I actually hadn't
broken out in ages because I was using
this amazing amazing body sharp stuff
it's called um nutria annex softening
cleansing gel I think and it's a gel -
oil cleanser and it is so amazing like
you have to try it out I've read read
this before I'm like both this channel
and my um maybe not leather town I new
audio book today thanks to Paul as well
yeah he gave me the bossiness one block
bossy pants for the Tina Fey audiobook
you guys got that for have you read them
or have you not read it but listens to
it because I'm too lazy to read this way
she reads it for me I think it's better
deal you know I just basically press
play yeah it was reading it to you yeah
exactly I just got a blanky my cuddle up
and work and I just didn't a chairman
and she tells me about her life but it
is so funny is really really funny if
you like turdy rock this is very very
relevant to a puzzle the moths what
podcast and you guys this until our
podcast make sure that makes you cry
stories Thank You laughs makes you cry
just like me hello guys hey we're headed
to Omaha for some lunches and I just
tweeted a picture of Alfie and me and
it's so funny because I'll be is such a
better poser this you know like scene I
just can't sit still and I always get
these amazing photos of I'll be like
with this face like in his you know his
eyes open and oh he always just looks
stunning and pictures and then she
always just it's like a blur of white
white fluffy
trophies white Fluffy's that is what it
is oh you're so cute
remember there's a video on my channel
of me playing with lb and he's well he's
actually younger than her in that video
but and it's like this he totally
reminds me of this right now you can
check it out it's like I will be the
Maltese or I can't I can't remember what
it's called but anyways okay they never
let me make the bed they're always just
like going crazy when I make the bed and
trying to pull over it so I have to
remove that little staircase um so yeah
I just filmed my workout video finally
because I had been promising you guys it
for ages or maybe not you guys but you
guys are Michael
well you guys are my subscribers as well
but you know Denny um so yeah I film
that and I got all sweaty then and I was
like oh but um it was kind of funny
though because I was trying to do it on
the floor like on the yoga mat and Sina
and I'll be were like going and saying
as they always do if I do anything like
different or strange so I could hardly
film the video but I think it turned out
okay and the lighting was amazing oh my
god can i film in front of the sun room
and now i think i'm gonna film all my
videos there because you'll notice as
well like people were commenting on my
arm great hair video um the lighting in
my room is a lot duller than like that
side of the house which is strange
because that said the house no that just
make any sense yeah that doesn't scrap
that because I was just gonna say that
this side of the house the lighting is
better but actually that doesn't make
any sense because the sunroom is on that
side of the house as well and that was
amazing lighting in my room is still
crappy lighting I think
it's just a combination of a lot of
things that's a small room as well and
it just makes everything look so much
duller in my my hair like it doesn't
look like my hair like it looks kind of
almost grayish um which is pretty awful
you just made a video basically telling
people how to achieve this look when
your look is like a gray-haired old
woman person so I don't know I'm kind of
like oh should I take another video but
obviously I won't I never really take
down videos um but yeah the lighting is
amazing in the sunroom
obviously hello like it's the one with
the most windows I should have figured
that at ages ago
but um I think I'm gonna film while my
videos down there from now on you guys
want to see the coolest thing in the
world ever said oh it's my friend how
isn't he so cool what to call done bow
down bow oh my god it's Fiona scarier
than them
it's alright yeah look at keep this guy
and you can make him walk on put his
eyes on as well I'm like he's gonna
relies on ah isn't that so cool he's the
best thing ever like isn't it you take
lots of pictures of himself don't you
this little dress clothes no that's kind
of like the bottom of a cardboard box
so uh yeah yeah yeah you got another
head from as well Justin's armor ah I
love them I want sees a one sees if
you'd like to send me one time I'm open
to take one also do you have one if you
have a down bow you are awesome
like there's all wrapped up in another
bubble wrap it's fabulous
we're in mama style Diane tell us now
and it's getting kind of fight I am you
do it what you got there huh what you
got there I'm gonna have num nums now
resina I should be careful cuz I'm are
you see no thanks
cuz there's a pussycat in the flowerbeds
it's kind of changed now what are you
doing guys Xena
I hate when they do this they roll this
stuff uh-uh no no no no rolling in dirt
what's wrong with you it's gross look
how cute they love this garden I spent
the entire day listening to Tina Fey and
although that rhymes that is not what I
am saying it she is so funny you guys
watch 30 rock okay you gotta listen to
her audiobook okay because it's read by
her which is the only reason I don't
like audiobooks when they're not read by
the author I have an audiobook is read
by the author then it's going to be
really good because the author he's
actually writing and I never sort of a
biography as well they're talking about
their experiences in life they're not
reading it and getting basing it off
somebody else's words you know so when
she talks about you know
she's a kid or just school or you know
at a time she was in 30 rock and there
was like an on tracks warning and she
just like left studio and she's walking
back through by important she did the
slide there's nothing to Drew and she
just got up and she describes it like I
just I left down went down Park Avenue
and 54th Street and I went into my
apartment and I went there to die yeah
she looks like a left they would be I'd
I'm just home from my mom's house and we
kind of spent all afternoon there I had
lunch there um I had an alphabet soup
which always reminds me of when I was
little but it was really really good it
was like lemony chicken alphabet soup
and I got flowers yay cuz I really
needed to change them if any of you guys
noticed and these have little stripe
these on them they're really cute little
butter from the front actually like from
outside but I never know whether I
should make them look better cuz you
know there's always like a better side I
don't know if I should make you look
better on the outside or on the inside
and always think maybe it's better to
have it looking its best from the
outside so then people walk past they're
like oh what a nice bunch of flowers I
don't know so I'm making coffee right
now because usually I have coffee after
my lunch or yeah like kind of after
noontime and Jonathan's just home
we actually bumped into each other when
we were coming home both of us from home
from my mom's hips and he was coming
home from work so that was kind of weird
um and so yeah I'm making coffee yum yum
and I never loved that but Emma my
sister the one who has the blog and bean
elliptic she made these delicious
cinnamon bagels oh my god but they were
like not like the kind of bagels that we
like didn't look like that they looked
really homemade and oh they're so yummy
and um we had like little raisins in
there and I had one it was so good
actually that would be right like that
would be really nice like a coffee right
now
when I said I was going to start making
daily vlogs all the way back then you
know Andrey's I'm talking about this now
is because I'm just looking through this
right and this is the entire daily vlog
experience and I just kind of like had a
look at what all of it was we're talking
like 90 hours well 80 80 hours and 50
minutes so it's like almost like 90
hours right but like from where we were
now to like for ages I mean everything
is kind of watching anything way back
it's actual reality TV gonna be YouTube
running out of he is like so far that
was like almost a year ago it's crazy
the thing that like one of you got like
eleven and a half thousand subscribers
nearly two million views like 90 hours
of video like 338 episodes it is being a
roller coaster it has been a sure-fire
roller coaster I think I want to sit
down and actually watch all 338 of these
like oh my goodness like that was those
back in talkie look at mine look at my
hair it's like insane you know how easy
all the things that have happened
between Dan and now it has been one hell
of a roller coaster you know why it's
been a roller coaster because of you
guys you guys made it amazing
those guys gave me a lot of hassle but
you guys you guys made it special you
guys made an amazing you guys made it
awesome I'm gonna be without you guys
Oh Maureen and dad yeah my
creepy-crawlies up your bed cool breeze
that one's not too bad I don't have to
Shepherds but I'm in severe pain for
Annette this is what I have to do what I
have to track near my track is I'm going
to count to ten and if you're not ready
to go I'm playing PlayStation for the
rest of the night okay
ten nine eight seven six five four three
two one that's it that's it I'm spinning
my Pinter PlayStation call all my
friends and we just call on my friends
and we just get the phone here hello
Fred you don't even know if people are
sweating soon unlock the gate no I hate
to pry my music did I think we've had
this imaginary phone here breaker no
could you go what it does make people
come on your fruitcake I'm ready
they got a
like popcorn you like popcorn Oh $0.90
yes please hmm what's your favorite
flavor of crisps I think my favorite
flavor of crisps is sweet chili or a
cheese and onion and my favorite type of
crisps are probably tato occasions sweet
chili or honking Gauri's cheddar yeah I
think so what's your favorite flavor of
crisps for you to choose like one flavor
it's very excited a tional of you really
for your achieve one cheese an onion
what's your favorite flavor of crisps
