where's our hug her hook I'm super tired
today though because what I do is that I
always like or I'm gonna go to bed area
stuff like that and then I'm right
alright just a couple things on Twitter
now I'll be like oh yeah I'll just say
15 on Facebook you know like a
twittering and then I'm responding
Facebook and this couple comments on the
YouTube and I'm calming and facing
YouTube Twitter comment gonna be through
YouTube food or come back to prison
YouTube Twitter as I told you got good
morning right I know what have I done
am I done now he got right
I am his son to be I am his on to be I'm
right tomorrow I'm gonna batter
but tomorrow every night I got out when
I'm in the studio got it read the video
and I don't like all the truck comment
if you emails she's going down with you
guys and then I'm like what it's all
right it's all good in the hood yo cuz I
love it I love it long time but sunny
today
but
you know you guys haven't come with me
to the studio and oh so long I'll tell
you that oh so long because we haven't
had the jewel cameras in ages or Anahata
camera and I because my camera so now we
got double in cameras yo to be like
chopping and chasing between my day and
hers my mom's taking me up and makeup on
anymore
earth yet of course I don't have makeup
on anymore since like last night anyways
you have makeup on yet and my mom's
picking me up and then we're going
shopping but it was a real late start
this morning and Jonathan wasn't feeling
well and all that stuff so and then he
was like blaming me being like we need
to go to bed later or how am I saying we
need to go to bed earlier on weeknights
and I'm like mm-hmm
not just my fault your fault too anyways
um no but I felt bad for him because he
was like he didn't sleep at all last
night thanks everybody just like
terrible and he woke up or just like got
up this morning so we're just waiting
for her omma my mommy and then we're
gonna go shopping not right are we
waiting for OMA waited for OMA where's
Alma hi summer oh yes almost coming play
number hound dog rival on town
are
Oh sad to me
what's the first album you ever bought
you know the first time you ever got
some funds probably off the pokey Oaks
or someone you went to a record store
I remember when I was like I think was
like 13 or somewhere I got a summer job
in car mechanics and I basically got you
know changed oil in the car got like
abused by all the staff there and some
little idiot and I swept up and I think
about mechanics it was kind of
interesting and suppose you know why did
I for an entire summer right I think I
was earning like about 20 pounds a week
right 20 quid a week what's that even
worth these days and at the end of the
summer I said of all my money they
always wanted my own like high-five
stack system so eventually I got this
grunting - stack system in in August
after my hard summer months of working
like a dog yo and then I had like I
think I had like change I got like a
fire or something left over so I was
like on Oh app so I went up to go to
this to something and five year I was on
five pounds this is before the year
changeover because this is like 1993 and
I was like okay what am I going to buy
right now I suppose this is probably
like a sense of who I am on what I was
influenced by back then but I bought
Roy Orbison's album The White Album
let's call the white out when had a
white cover in the CD
I bought Mary blacks album and I bought
the originals which was remember all the
Levi jeans commercials where like you
know chin bags and you know kind of John
Lee Hooker BB King it was all kind of
bluesy kind of like bit rocky as well
but they were a tree that I managed to
get I think I was over by about like 50
piers on behalf of the guy was like
great one is I tried to get a car Brooks
in over fences someone was called
but I couldn't afford that too but they
were the first records like CDs that I
ever bought myself my own daimyo what is
the first record that you remember
buying and would you listen to now
record now would you honestly are you
happy with your purchase you know you
can bring it back it's only being about
20 years I have my receipt I just like
to return this I swear I have a listen
to it it's only been 20 years so I'm
trying to cook breakfast because they
didn't have time to have any it's like
11 o'clock in the morning and I hope my
mom doesn't like then might still be
eating when she's here but I can't go
without breakfast like I'm such a little
um you call it
I feel kind of stuck in my ways or
whatever um or just hungry in general I
just hate going without breakfast like
it kind of like makes me feel wrong the
whole day see this every day I always
think it's hilarious Little Giant Ladder
system a little giant ladder system oh
he's a little horse of charge or sag
ladder order the system the ladder
system this Carter always reminds me of
schools now this whatever school II oh
it's the university which is kinda like
a school so I'm just back from shopping
with my mom and we got a lot um we also
got the doggies some new food because we
were feeding them AIIMS cigarette ions
is that you can only get in Tesco you
can only get like a tiny or not even
just in Tesco like in general you can
only get a tiny pack for the type of
dogs that they are so I got these these
this royal canin Kanan um this is what
LV was eating in when we lived in the UK
so they're going to be so excited about
their new food they new num-nums got
some
popcorn EO oops um oh yeah we got one of
these because um I know Easter is over
and everything but Tesco have had these
on offer for ages if you don't know what
that is it's a traditional Italian like
cake and it's for Easter ah stop no no
no she's trying to get my stuff right um
it's like a traditional Italian cake for
Easter and it's called Columba and it's
really really good it's like my favorite
like holiday cake oh my god it's so good
I got like dried fruit in there and or
not dried fruit sorry candy fruit and um
see now stop stop stop don't do that
she's gotten into this habit of like
nipping at my heels and then she does it
to people and walks as well as reboard
anyways
put some apples got some stain and odor
remover her pets stop it Xena No fold
fold fold she's gonna do it again there
yeah look yep string again no I know
we also got Xena a little present
look at her little lead oh it's so cute
cuz Albie has this one right here and
now they're the same will thereby
different runs but um they have the same
ribbon and then because this one was
hurt before and it's like a string oh my
god it's so sore when it goes around
your legs like it's so painful and plus
I don't think it's just as like reliable
um then
there's a lot of stuff actually my
shopping we're gonna go for a walk ease
now and we're using soon as you lead
which is super cool it's a pink and I
got the small one because the extra
small we have three miles or I can't
believe I just said that I meant three
meters oh my god that it's so stupid
of course it doesn't have three miles of
lead otherwise oh my god I can't believe
I just said that um three meters of
slack and um this one has five which is
the famous alby's I think so um that's
what they look like together aren't they
so cute you can totally tell like one's
a boy with a girl cuz I was I felt sorry
for her she only had the little red one
that's kind of like the standard one so
I felt bad for her because she needed a
pretty lead so let's go guys we get your
new lead on what you think of it oh wow
three miles actually this is a five
point five miles of lead okay guys
you're stupid mommy's gonna bring you
out oh so we're just back from our
walkies
and actually it's like it's not really
sunny but it's like really humid it so I
don't usually even sweat when I'm in
walks they're like moving a tiny bit in
the summer but like that was frickin
working so anyways umm excuse me um I'll
be like look this is what Albie does
look at him he has a perfectly good
water bowl filled with cold water
downstairs and he always opts for water
out of a glass he's like a human like he
thinks he's a human anyways um and oh my
god I wanted to vlog on the walk but you
know you guys know it's so hard like I
can't do it because it's just and this
walk was actually a lot more difficult
than usual because
um I was getting used to the lead you
know like different needs they're just
different so I was still getting used to
it so um yeah it was kind of difficult
to to vlog but um I wanted to show you
guys because I didn't realize when I
bought it well actually my mom bought it
for me but um the lead seen as new lead
sorry about a breath
Cena's new lead is um pink the strip
like the ribbon is pink as well it's not
so cute so now I'm going to try and get
Jonathan to agree to buying a new one
for Albie because I want his to be blue
and his ribbon to be blue and her food
pink wouldn't that be so cute like
seriously leave a comment and let me
know don't you think I should do that
and there's not really anything wrong
with you sleep hazely was still
expensive coming about it from Molly's
which is a pet boutique in Dublin in
John Larry and it's amazing like it's so
nice because they have like a little spa
center place um like where you can get
like towels and like dress and ganzen
like oh my god it's just so so cute
and like all these like little cosmetics
and stuff for your doggy shampoos and
all that stuff thinking of starting this
new king it's called today's ridiculous
question of today usually it or it
originates from formspring but so and of
course be asked me Derek Jackson why
would you stop flirting with Sam it's
like you look ridiculous or it's like
was it um it's awkward for her
embarrassing for you
I'm what about Anna ah you know I think
it's like my response that I will be
simple it's like if any if you ever
mature ever mature and grow up it's okay
if you notice someone I change their
profile picture on Twitter and you think
oh that's a nice picture you look really
good in that picture hey Beauty crush
you look really hot in a new profile
picture this is not insinuate us running
away together or make it out in the in
the bleachers this is just the guy
saying hey girl
you look good today everyone like
comments
I want I like if people let me more
common saying trophies we look good
today I like your t-shirt hair looks
good
ruin a room in it you're looking down
hot-to-trot
dopest I'd be all like well thank you
thank you very much and I do not think
the Amman in any way any shape or any
form what the things like oh my god
subscribers I'm trying to steal him nor
one we're walking in the road huh
I'm the tends to like she look at a girl
like hey that girl's pretty hot you know
my girl is pretty hot nothing wrong with
that we're that admire each other
there's nothing wrong with that I just
think it's ridiculous is someone so like
think because I get question I thought
maybe some people aren't allowed or some
people I don't know maybe that's a
problem for something but it's not what
else like we're happy in Ana points out
hot chicks and I point out hardships and
she points out hot guys and I point at
haha well I don't have appointed hard
guys cuz I think she's I think she likes
the latest I certainly like the ladies
that's what we have in common that's
that's what brought us together our our
boat we both have a love for the ladies
but I thought in the dick this question
I was like that is so ridiculous come on
man or woman or wherever you are don't
be saying stupid things like that cuz I
always stood on Twitter like like am
cynthia and she had a nice new profile
picture a snitch and tableau sat on
youtube subscribe and I'm Sheila Scott I
was like ghost in t go you look hot baby
and then did you feel like I was gonna
run away to Cynthia what did you think I
was gonna run oh it's Indian you can
have Corbin oh my god oh my god you take
that back right now
writing is done I'm the one who doesn't
Karen I'm going this conference you're
the one oh it's all a charade
I need the reassurance people reassure
me tell me you love me beautiful my
boobs
