you guys wanna see something really
hilarious right I'm editing the video
from yesterday at this point here okay
everything's calm not a sound right
press play yeah it's only in the video
funny on the video rap it's only on the
video he is analytic it's that always
happened or someone like you blogging or
you read the doorbell and then later on
and playing the back and doorbell rings
or something - go ahead say it like so I
make my lunch right now and I've
actually really been loving hummus
lately like I kind of forgot about it
because we got really into it that for
that week that we were vegan it was like
the only thing that would be that week
when we were vegans yeah we did it as a
test
but anyway oh we failed well we didn't
fail we actually succeeded but then we
just like went back to eating regular
self weight amazed um yeah I forgot wait
hummus so I have my bagel with hummus
regular tomatoes and some lettuce yum
yum yum
and I think I'm actually gonna eat it
excited because it's really nice outside
so let's go bye come on dine with me
porque are full of course huge and look
what our laundry is all drying
she looks fantastic he was nice out here
and now it's all dole again
what are you doing
want my num nums - mommy's no no no no
no no bold no Cena let mommy have her
num nums just like facebook there and
add someone add Kiera the Delaney
Saturday this one year Stan my sister
just came over while I was watching a
blog read she goes it looks good
touch it he's confident yes yes my plant
who came condiment come come come
I ruined that joke now fold her nothing
anyway you know what it is James
Cameron's birthday tomorrow which is
like today the birthday James you just
let the thing in Eric hey Joe visits my
birthday is all I just wrote uh you'll
have to wait to see but boom
I just dead I just didn't he doesn't
know like can't visit no turning back
this guy's happen a lazy day away
before anyone says like Oh get motivated
open blah blah I am motivated to sit in
this chair all day long that's the kind
of motivation I have let's go to almost
pals for some freaking num noms
hi yeah yeah oh really oh really
push easily Rizzoli dizzily flow oh my
god you like my outfit oh ma love
tonight for summer and stuff mm-hmm
oh my god you were look amazing on the
beach oh my god all the boys they'd be
like oh my gosh she is so amazing I'm
okay I got you gotta cry I think I'm
gonna cry it's a beautiful just a
beautiful case I wrote this of let go
see two things a loss of it last sorry
so we're going to use all the time
summer summer summertime going to sit
back down and rhyme Hey in in in in baby
in in 20 takes about 50 billion times I
think it is we're gonna all miss ass cuz
we're getting home yo made pizza homie
ode have you ever had homie over a pizza
when I was a kid my mom used to make
these pizzas and turn in a whopper they
were amazing
my mother wasn't really AM the whole
making cooking type but okay I'll get
this coach Faison okay sorry I just
needed to up my cool value why why would
you pass them on that and look at I'm
lugging it
idiot Oh anyway so mom used to make
these homemade pizzas and fruitcake my
mother used to make a fruitcake and a
homemade pizza but they were a highlight
of the week of the year of the life you
would know that murder was going to make
a homemade pizza
oh my goodness my takeaway pizzas you
know techno pizzas are nice but then you
go to a restaurant you got like
restaurant gourmet and made pizzas you
think wow then you have homemade pizza
and it is it is it is it's on its own
out there
there's just nothing compared to it I
don't know what the differences with
homemade pizza versus restaurant Pizza
versus takeaway pizza and they're
supposed to lower end of the scale is
frozen pizza supposed to be expired
Provost there's net or do you guys get
that I don't know what country you're in
but did you get these little tiny little
pizzas I used to get tomorrow as a kid
and you could microwave them remember
them there were like they were like a
plate like a small plate amount of pizza
and you just like stick them in the
microwave and basically you just nuke it
would boil cheese in the tomato or the
little snippets of ham which is like
boil and the debate the base of the
pizza wasn't pasta
oh no I don't know I don't even know why
our wheat or bran or what they're like
the spongy white stuff it's not even a
water they probably find it worldwide
has already been removed for the health
risks but we're getting some homemade
pizza did Emma make it or genomic it
hope Emma made us she's quite nifty
horny old mate when you to update who
made it Emma
did you make them when did you make like
that one
I want to expect what is it well notice
the dog we thought we could get so turn
it a my makeup we're really sorry Eric I
believe for doctor present will you ever
forgive us
no no she never forgive us
I think I might have opened it though oh
you're so politically incorrect did you
not vote for them who'd you vote for who
would you have voted for if you had
voted henceforth well you close the
Marling's good why would you vote for
Jed Roy go if you could speedin why are
you up with sweetie because you cuz
lives there no what was the name of the
singer from Sweden oh really
no I didn't know the mean was there
Eric the Bonnie Eric the Viking
and then Nevada's Eric why I didn't call
their ex amazing yeah how excited you
for homemade pizza she's a weirdo you're
a weirdo see this that's you
that's a weirdo what no way I could be a
pianist did you miss us haven't seen you
in ages
no oh I forgot I existed
he's got existed I wasn't even a part of
her life
I was just forgotten that's what happens
yeah forgotten want something talking
amazingly awesomely cool Yeah right
this is my cool I came in of a king Greg
come is my hand delivered on my pizza
are you enjoying your homemade pizza I'm
a scale of 1 to homemade pizzas
what would you say come on guys come on
come on let's go look at the pond is the
pond that I made whoo I say the waters
gone down a good bit what's up in here I
think it's when we taken all the leaves
out so you know do not fall in the pond
see that's gone crazy
where's all the water half done what Oh
No
where is this I got it it's gone hey
when that happens you ever did I you
know and you're like walking something
like you're just walking by in a big
spider web gets caught in your face here
like where's the water done boy I think
it's when we're taking all the leaves
have we're taking half the water as long
that does not have one hand as a rugby
ball at forward passing foul can't
forward pass watch tank oh go go you
sure you can do it here you'd have to do
it like here it's the only he won't go
oh wow that's pretty good okay this is
practice time first guys practice time
okay she's going crazy oh don't mind the
dog fight carry on this is practice time
okay no blockage see what's that what's
that
it's our winner go oh my god
that's really good blog away gloves away
guys
no no vlogging we have to stand here and
wait trying to do a handstand into a
tumble forward okay now what I learned
how to do this
I always got someone to hold your purse
see it'll practice first and then we see
Erica he's falling over like that I
think it's the fear I think it's when
you're half way you'll be get the fear
and then you fall over but if you have
any suggestions if you are M gymnastic
oh but I just think it's the fear I
think when you're up there you have to
just like bend your arms and naturally
grow go what's that
okay I want I wouldn't dare I'm gonna do
it properly because I haven't won no
time what would you like this see I told
you okay so when you're like that point
I'm gonna do what they're talking to
sign okay okay do not talk when you're
up like that nothing you roll forward
and yeah see but that wasn't it I hurt
myself with it oh okay can I try again
you have grassy back you're a grassy
back don't I'm going to blot you kill
I've logged my life
you're part of my life now good no no
we're not worried do one handed you a
high five when you do what okay turning
away guys I want you all just to like
turn away and your monitors right now no
looking can't you can't do it if you're
looking okay so the minute you guys turn
around
exactly city snow and watches these
videos with your subscribers turn around
every now and then I get a little bit
closer and it's blah blah blah blah blah
turn around turn around know how to
catch me first
Oh evil eye I got the evil eye guys evil
eye
go last chance it is Anna's calling me
okay
hey guys look at me eye contact I got no
looking Erica eye contact go
I'm gonna watch okay it's off so what
you give it to you what are you gonna do
when I'm doing it because then I can do
it when I'll get it
when you're not doing it Wester what's
the big one we actually we're thinking
of doing this anyway like because we
hardly ever make a list or well
sometimes you make a list but it's
always like really small you know like
it's never like a weekly shop or
anything it's just like what we need so
we actually do make lists
well we just never gone weekly shops or
anything even if I go with my mom or
whatever like I never get like a weekly
thing because I just don't think that's
fair that like do you know what I mean
like she's just being nice and she's
kind of taking me shopping and then I'm
like oh I need this this business this
so I usually just buy like stuff that we
need for like two or three days at the
most
because I feel bad you know cause like
we should do our own shopping anyways um
so yeah I think that we're just gonna
try I don't know if we'll do it next
week but if we don't do it next week I
tell everyone John John another thing we
would do it anyways we're gonna try and
just go shopping like once a week and
then like try and not go to Tesco like
or done stores or any of those like any
grocery stores ever for the rest of the
week until you know the week is over and
I don't know if we'll be able to do it
because Jonathan Swayze on me um
Jonathan is just dumping the dogs by the
way is it under thing
he's like upstairs in the bedroom
looking for my wallet I mean what was I
saying um yeah so we were thinking of
doing this and like I don't know if
we're gonna be able to last because we
always forget one or two things that's
the problem or we're like we never get
enough stuff like we're just not used to
it you know we're not used to doing big
shops and it's actually more economical
to do like a whole big shop like once a
week and then not have to do like mini
because we spend so much money on food
like Oh seriously and it's not even like
it's not that we eat more than other
people I think it's just like that were
lazy and we just don't do proper like
shops or anything because obviously
you're gonna budget more if you're doing
like a whole big long weekly shop rather
than if you're just buying like three
things it's not gonna matter as much you
can't find it mmm where could my wallet
me he's like waiting for the window he's
like I don't know like a little my man
um oh oh I know where it is okay I'll
try and call him gonna be here for this
life called
this is exciting okay um have to be
careful not to show the front of our
house because some freaks have already
like I'm not gonna talk about it mm
anyways contacts
Jonathan Jolly driverless towing
nicknames but that's because it has a
name that you can kind of like make into
a lot of different names okay let me see
I'm gonna call him right now
okay what the hell black oh it's in my
room on the bed yeah okay fight um and
we're also going to try and eat um like
our Irish Irish food be caught like
Irish like projects and stuff
if we buy all Irish produce that we can
like help the government - oh five years
ago oh my god
just freaked me out now he's locking and
unlocking the car here's what you're
free it's about trying to freak you out
I can also lip read quite well I was
just saying the thing about the good
food Ireland and I was like yeah it's
really cool cuz apparently like you know
you if you if we all buy like only Irish
stuff then it will really help that and
the much like what the hell I have no
idea like it helps the government I hope
I don't remember I don't actually know
what the hell it's for like what is it
why is it supposed to be that we get
more money from the government if we eat
Irish people
Harlen as a country is in debt has a
deficit of like that's what I'm it
that's what I was getting at
millionaires are well not the government
the country the government is funded by
the state which is us and then we pay
the taxes okay it's all that funded so
if everybody buys Irish food then the
people that make the money are the Irish
people that are making the food but the
Irish people to make the feat pay the
taxes they pay the taxes back into the
state that's what I'm getting Awards in
fewer words I do understand it kind like
obviously it's better if we Irish food
plus boy artists Ireland's right but is
that some something to do at the
waistband
no justno waistbands
