Goodman's emergency maken sequence it
couldn't sit Morgan signor Contini
somebody's hair has gone crazy big spot
on my machine and I might have missed a
little bit there and there we call that
Auburn hombre oh man it's like Joey
memmer friends I'm being crazy it's like
you die have your head off your head has
died
whoa sting Kurama my goodness this stuff
smells so bad
besides it's not so private so
chemically all right okay fine
guys mom I said mom I said mom mom let's
go let's go let's go let's go
so this is my ombre ombre whatever hair
I hope you guys like it
I actually really really love it like
I'm super excited about this I don't
know if it's really coming out as well
on like video because in photos that it
looks like better
I didn't real life it looks better but
maybe this camera is different I don't
know but when I just filmed a video for
my style diet channel and it looked well
actually it was in a different room so
maybe that's why I don't know but it
looked kind of different like it looked
duller or something but in reality I
really like it I think it's it's very
nice I love it so um thank you so much
to everybody who left comments and like
all of her really nice comments are
coming in and it's just really I really
appreciate them because I read and have
a clue what I was doing like I was just
like okay I'm trying to figure out like
because I was doing the opposite way if
you know anything about ombre hair
you'll know that it's technically like
if you're a brunette it's really easy to
do because well for some very nuts
especially like light brunettes you just
apply like blonde to the ends but I did
it the opposite way around it's going
from blonde so it was a little bit
difficult to do but I did it but I just
wanted to show you guys something really
funny look at the destruction that I
caused this is our bath
right now and I'm actually like this is
so gross but I wanted to show you guys I
think it's kind of funny look at our
steak and look at our towels I actually
don't even know how that's how we'll not
let that because I didn't think I got it
on the towel but obviously I did I just
think this is hilarious and then look
this is my room
look what a mess it's in oh and look at
that ugly thing that means the table cut
cloth that's what it looks like on the
understan underneath that's a bed but
yeah it needs like the tablecloth that I
usually want to make it look less ugly
so yeah um let me know what you think of
my hair
cuz I am curious to know your crisis
opinion because you are possibly
different than the people who have
already left me comment so you haven't
already let me know let me know what you
think and let me know what you think of
ombre hair because they know it's kind
of like a love/hate thing like you love
it or you hate it so I'm gonna go and
actually I'm going to eat lunch now cuz
I'm really hungry and then I'm gonna
tidy up I promise
holy crap holy guys where do they check
this out
oh my goodness mmm so hot it really sits
here yeah cuz you're like naturally like
you know you're like Italian so I think
you're supposed to have doctor here it's
up here a little bit there yeah it looks
so hot like I think you look super hot
like wow what do you guys think like I
think I won the lottery
oh really I'm clipping it I will have oh
yeah true true - hey looks super hot
wow you're way better looking in your
twin sister the blonde one just realize
it's actually Friday the 13th
Oh
now with that a full moon not quite sure
got some math it's an waffles and Goyo
and I put some mad chili with my waffle
house going Michael watching Julia get
some hot still you gonna make out
hey guys control yourselves but I have
some information also it's very
important not to get your dogs excited
before an event so you know I'm just
saying that you know calm and
assertiveness
exactly exactly
oh my god it is a little revealing
chesty Magoo such a lovely summery day
oh no pair of my white dog is gone
except there's so much shorter night it
shouldn't actually affect him does the
full of wood
Beauty Brown beauty not only did I
create the outro for the vlogs did you
like it did you check it out did you
click on the mall and subscribe to all
the channels I should hope so
I should hope so and I'll be checking
I'll be coming around everything one of
your houses Rob checking I also have got
the t-shirts designed what yes I have
had a busy day I said to myself gosh
darn it to apostle get motivated I am
awesome and then I took it upon myself
took my awesomeness and applied it to my
greatness so they're pretty much ready
to rock and roll guys is now awesome
when I click a look at what one of them
looks like this is it yeah yeah I know
it's kind of cool-looking isn't it I
made a kind of Greg is I like it I like
a great t-shirt but I'm just gonna be a
variety I'm gonna start I'm gonna put
them all up on CafePress I think it's
CafePress
or district lines I'm not sure I have
the store somewhere on the interwebs
probably tweeted it on put an ever asked
or I'm gonna let you know as soon as I
finish it but I just thought I'd give
you an update job oh it's a busy old a
hotel you wanna say let's see it's not
on Twitter world service can I get a
shout out tomorrow please I'm doing my
exams in college and the vlog videos are
keeping me forum going and say Robin s
or Robin underscore ass go to Robin's
Twitter page only let's investigate this
further now part time lover full time
friend and a diet coke obsessive okay
hmm Robin Stanford hello Robin there's
your shoutout
good luck in your exams lay off the diet
coke ha ha working like a jog on this
for frickin ages I am taking a break and
I'm going to watch the u.s. office and
I'm going to have some juice and I'm
gonna have some pizza yo pizza yo
because yeah but when you went we're
watching you it isn't that right we're
watching us apprentice
- what a healthy pizza why are you
talking my pizza why did I choose my
pizza but I know more procrastinating
the t-shirts are going on sale tonight
sometime in the next hour - while I'm
taking a quick break
for what you've been in the old office
bit of all pizza and then we are back to
work guys we are back to work because we
are making it happen I am awesome
in case case I forgot for any second of
any moments I am autism opposite uh but
I was it took my tasks that I have to
achieve did it for like a couple of
hours taking a quick break pop a bit of
ice in there and then we're getting back
to work it's like my reward see even
works for me
oh my goodness I have not left it's
actually gotten dirt okay dark it's
gotten lazy I'll be whichever haha but
am checking Z out in CEO okay the shop
looks terrible because I haven't set the
bloody pages of my luck I phony things
little doggie things jumpers things just
things I miss Deena iconic it look I
will fix up the light over that day
that's it for today guys I'm gonna tweet
the link now stick it under Facebook let
me see you off to mother effin taste
after mother effing let's go
I just bought a collection of t-shirts
yo while my own t-shirts there boom cost
me a pretty penny
gosh darnit you think that like get your
own t-shirts like I'll just I'll just
I'll just switch over here to my box of
t-shirts and I'll just take them all and
wear them it's like that up
sorry custom Z loudoun Z so I just
basically said that I'm looking slim DZ
I've noticed guys that and definitely
looking a lot slimmer you know slim jim
is my new nickname but
here's the thing I need to eat more
sweets because I can't be gel pad so
just kinzo doesn't quite work does it
anyway look another comment those flu
first I like the person that said guys
we're like the guys like do you say hey
guys what's up guys oh my god you guys
so it's like someone said hey where were
you guys I'm like you know what you are
you guys but I think you like bloopers
bloopers don't you go bloopers I think
that free flu first is what is what the
actor get PAP PAP
what you get for the monitor to come to
college it's very messy in here what's
up with that what's up with that shoot
crap shoot crap
mmm places him pass Quito oh oh she's a
dancer
Oh lad she's a dancer is she a Prancer
oh yeah I I must say like I was enjoying
the M the cinnamon raisin cinnamon thing
yeah
my first rapper kind of like your hair
back and snap
no no
I would hare
I can point where person apples a kid
child:yeah
bad old whippersnapper I know I want
chocolate just trying to find which
chocolate I want you know it's always I
spent hours hours of my life have been
wasted on this aisle wandering wandering
pondering grunting almost myself to find
what I want and I just I don't know
maybe I feeling unsatisfied with my
regular selection of items and I think I
need to change it up make it interesting
find something new something new
give me some suggestions or some new
sweets and treats that I can try we'll
try out something new I'll do that I'll
do that Jamie you want to know you're
curious about it something that you've
always wanted we've never had the guts
to buy it we make college how crazy I'll
buy it I'll eat it we'll see how it goes
what a puddle of marshmallow marshmallow
Marlo Marlo not to be confused with the
town of mallow
right up into the freezer here yeah went
one when in doubt
when in doubt get both you know best
thing to do in a situation if you're not
sure what to do just get just get them
off
oh yeah I think what happened is if you
don't like a chocolate one you probably
eat the chocolate one
