best morning breakfast ever
hand-delivered steak sandwich that's how
the morning should start plus we having
isn't this one which is a direct that's
but now it's like must hum Muslim mm-hmm
right just finish another episode but
let's get motivated yo you can check it
out as always on my John's Jovi channel
don't forget to subscribe rate and stay
on great
but do subscribe guys cuz it'll be
totally awesome it's like a self-help
challenging if you ever watching before
three episodes done so far first one is
it bad how do you get motivated second
one about the ready-made world and not
fitting the mold rubber blah the third
one is just about how to be awesome how
to be awesome do you want to be awesome
you got to watch the video yo ha ha
that's me being awesome for you check it
out so yeah we're headed to the po po po
po po po buh and here are some lovely
Irish scenery this is a roundabout right
here nice if you ever if you live in
America then you call them traffic
circles
at raffle Circle travel circle you
travel right in circles so yeah with you
guys here's something that's me playing
in my head rate okay
good discussion during that little
drivers about like I like I like group
time okay don't be in the car please
pull over okay so as you know other
daily vloggers out there have
subscribers and their subscribers are
called and named to the community right
you've got like a charred rebellion
rights
you've got the audience you have an
CTFxC hello
goodness oh I can't think of his name I
know it's stupid you don't watch it but
it's really funny hilarious
I can't even say right now anywho and I
just need has her vlog had me plug a
blackening blood enemy whatever you
clearly don't know when you speak like
that guy with the one the one that says
hello he has the lowers you know what I
mean everyone has like a name even then
just just stop just stop you obviously
don't have any YouTube knowledge at all
so I'm thinking yo hos we need a name
for our community community rhettandlink
of community Medicaid there in internet
celebrities in tribal empathy whatever
anyway they have a community we need a
name y'all we need the names of you guys
you know because like you know I don't
know maybe some suggestions of what I
should call you guys
Aziz the Frog Cadiz I see Philip
DeFranco has a channel and he kind of
calls you know that's why I stopped
calling blog it is like nautical need he
got in there BTW so we need another name
something unique something that defines
the lubricant a lifters FTW cuz that's
more like to get back see and I can't be
like that can't are like Jody Saucony
tartar nights you know that's not
Ciccone errs no dancers you know I'm
trying to think I am fine if you are a
fan like if you subscribe and you love
the ciccone jolie show or the 50v like
what are you how you defined as a I am a
you know it's a tricky one guys
leave me some comments and suggestions
of what you'd like to be branded as like
cattle
branded
Tony Jolie's oh that's the first thing
we've ever received at that district Oni
jellies mom I bagged in cold huh
who's this from Halifax no ha ha be well
I think somebody awesome Canada
you probably shouldn't read it mom the
trip doors I always wanted mom of Chuck
Norris
are you actually mother of Chuck Norris
oh my god guys look at this
it's not so cool because use it red star
before remember you were like um that
girl on oh oh oh is that right there
yeah it does define me everything is
handmade amazingly wrap to like look at
that that's Carrara and then Lucy meet
us at cards
how cool is that I'm a little italki on
the inside aidid out the wonder dog
wonder dog for me with all the stories I
can't believe you picked it off it
there's something else and it says what
for me
look it's like one of my favorite colors
to wear I actually totally a wedding
this key it will he's right
this would be perfect for summer oh my
god
Jen and Laura my favorite color this
would be like real a something kind of
kind of
the outfit you know like what you said
yeah I like to smell of it smells new
slim fit oh I actually would you like
this it says body superior and finely
crafted from mix is one of my favorite
brands but I didn't know that its end
stuff look max max is one of my favorite
brands I've ever heard
and now I really want to open air vanity
no if you do we can stop by my mom's
house believe I can do it
this is so cool
how do the sweaty stuff it's awesome
like okay so this girl her name is
Yolanda my Chili's in Brussels Belgium
and she sent me this card right it's so
cute
and then look what she sent because she
said I think she sent me an email ages
ago and she told me about this article
that was in a French magazine and it
featured me and I think I emailed her
back and oh yeah um she emailed me on
like the sky like a scanned copy of the
article and I was like oh my God thank
you so much because you know I like kind
of having things like that in my press
book and my price book is basically just
any press that I've gotten like cut it
for magazines and stuff like that and
she actually sent me the original she
cut it out and she sent it to me it's so
cute see that to be right there
with juicy star oh seven
Shantay and she sent me the original so
that I can put it in my press book isn't
that so cute
so thank you so much for doing that for
me because I really appreciate it I love
having like all the little scraps just
to kind of like you know celebrate it
even though this apparently is where I
found the particle but it doesn't matter
it's too into mice
I'm happy with that so thank you so much
for doing that that was pretty execute
Tanner Harvey Norman's because the
manager man last few days you know keeps
keeps telling me he's gonna call me but
you know what to do guys never give up
don't ever give up if you're trying to
get some service and they are being
pathetic about it don't ever give up
like he keeps saying like yesterday or
two days ago he's like I'll call you
tomorrow he didn't call me yesterday so
fight arrived in like why didn't you
call me then he's like oh I'm so sorry I
didn't call you like um we're talking
about getting me like an upgraded to a
new camera I'm just waiting on an email
the email should be in a five o'clock
and I was like you're like I'll
definitely call you tomorrow morning
tomorrow morning today came and went
he's not there driving back from the
Popo I'll call in here you can and I'll
arrive back up at his door and I'd be
like where would where we going from in
there today you know you just never give
up until you get what you want because
that's what they want so many times like
I've had people saying like oh I just I
just gave up and gave in it's like you
gave them your gosh darnit money then
like you know you are you are expecting
a certain level of service and you know
I mean do not give up like don't worry
just keep bringing them back keep
turning up and you will annoy the crap
out of them but the point is like don't
worry they're not like that guy no I
like the matter guy he's not my friend
uh he's not my friend he's just guy and
I'm trying to get a service inside his
fault but if I keep at him and keep
annoying him he's just gonna want to get
rid of me and the only way to get rid of
me is to give me what I want
boom now right now right say it boom no
I don't know if that boom was really
like give me a give me a proper boom
you can go over done with the cannons do
you X's 100 130 220 HS that's this bad
boy hair that we just got so this is not
nice it's got this like em it's kind of
matte it's got a grip thing on it which
is kind of different like HS we'll check
it out though in a minute see what it's
like but anyway that is and that's how
you do it guys don't give up don't give
in like what happened was that I went in
there and I could tell it he was pretty
- sitting in his office me was like she
was like oh he's on lunch and stuff and
I bet she went in there to him and he
was just like just give the guy a new
camera he's just he's not going to stop
that's what you do guys keep on truckin
never give in alright let's test that
suit quality new ones like so this is
the new camera is it better is it worse
it feels different in my hand like here
we go guys historic moment let me just
let me just come here to you and hands
this device to you this is yours now oh
goodness you're happy for 10 seconds and
you've already dropped it that's why I
am taking the new one okay because
you're gonna break it
she's gonna break it guys all right well
that's that's let's hope to get as long
as we can okay let's get as long as we
can with it before you break it okay but
that is your responsibility that's your
vlog that your vlog cadiz these are my
blog it is hi guys you're mine here's
our keys first you have I take pictures
of you you sound like Samantha
Sherman oh really yeah so you said that
Oh Anna has been way too much time
watching the Chairman show it's like all
I hear are they what's that intro is all
I hear from this room every walk passes
like it's kind of like okay even I walk
around on hello my lovelies loves it
hi my love's like that no not actually
you won't do a good impression at all
right you're an impression that is
really good Oh again that's really good
silly internet the internet ruin our fun
cuz we're uploading at the moment you do
an impression of j-point
um so here's a tomato these are cooking
is a cooking man you say you're a
cooking man Jay I can't do no veggies
what I don't know have you like you'd be
really drives like hey hey so somebody
this is my water cup yes so yeah hey
today we're cooking that's what he's
like this is very light so I was gonna
do something ridiculous
I am Sam she's a hair stylist she's
actually a professional unlike me who
uploads videos like help you to pass a
half idea and then they get remember
like oh crap oh crap
Harry Styles come on they're like you're
doing the wrong thing you can agreat me
if you wish but when I first met Anna I
remember thinking to myself like you
actually look like JLo you know if you
have to Jennifer Lopez sort of profile
nobody's ever said that to me on YouTube
ever and all my friends in school it's
and I'm not saying that I look like J
but I don't know never met you in real
it's very good shit yeah but all my
friends when I was in school
we're always like you had brown hair you
would look at second like JLo I'm not
saying like oh my god I look like
Jennifer Lopez but I'm on like I want to
marry Jennifer Lopez so I know her
either way like it's really difficult to
see yourself from other people's point
of view but since I did YouTube but they
never ever got Jennifer Lopez was going
I never got I think being on camera and
in real life is just very different yeah
like you know or you look of different
ways but
yeah so going sorry I interrupted your
story yeah so I always say it was like
JLo and when I first met your hair was
all like darker well the first day I met
you and I it's like here in your window
tonight knew your sleep bird yes I think
I see leave me a comment let me know or
leave a comment even per se and I mean
how do you guys think you should look
like get up so I think she doesn't
you'll see later because obviously we're
going to go by the hair dye now so
you'll see later I just think you have
the same features you know you're really
hot like that
think I look like me but I just I just
feel like the blonde it's just like you
know what be awesome
you are awesome video and because I have
dark eyes as well and I am actually even
though nobody believes me because I
don't know on YouTube it's like so weird
and like I love your ivory skin I'm like
okay but I have like the darkest skin of
all my friends like isn't that weird
like that's obviously we live in Ireland
like we see the thing is that I don't
because my heritage my father's family
is French and I know I mind is like kind
of silo as well so when everyone sees
you against me we've all kind of similar
yeah definitely somebody said left me a
comment and said in that shower towel
see this Howell seen you shower segi she
said she said that you could see my
natural skin color and then I left it
quite dark and she felt like
she had never seen that before like that
in all my other videos I look to be fair
I think it's just the lightening and
everything like I know on my channel I
appeared there on the wall who is the
fairest of them all me apparently but
I'm actually not that fair I'm just like
like obviously I live in Ireland so I
don't get to know what that's just not
fair but when I go in holidays I always
get really really dark and people never
believe me they're always like that's
because we haven't got on holidays in
like three years
you know What did he say I wait to come
back from the honeymoon I know but I'm
just saying like way did we come back to
me like after the honeymoon I'll be the
first holiday we've had in like this
first time we've ever had together well
Munich well I was working so we haven't
had a holiday ever like when were
together what four years now
we're together four years in three weeks
I wish I was darker but my dad is just
Italian I wish I was a little bit taller
I wish I was a polymer I wish I had a
girl in a faller I don't know really
worse way the song goes I can't find my
way but I gotta pick my nose so I picked
my nose in the carpark of Tesco
everybody looking around judging me so I
got to say yo I got to go I gotta pick
my nose in the car park and Tesco gotta
pick my nose in the carpark attest oh
you there do you pick your nose in the
carpark number wincing go pick your nose
in the car park at Tesco it's the plan
with ran out of normal bagels they tried
to trick us with the old Tesco bagel but
so our only option is to get the
cinnamon one for now do you think okay
things like cinnamon and tricking Brown
like cinnamon and raisins
it's not cinnamon and raisins I think
someone left a comment a while ago in
there like robbers have you tried to
swim in and
I like since Iceland I don't like savory
stuff okay ice water well you can have a
reporter was that I need something for
my I don't have a buttery lunch I mean
how many are these right go on you by
NAMM look $0.69 no 1:30
oh my god what 45 man getting again
these ones you changing it up y'all oh
my goodness in there you want to check
yourself we decided not to get the hair
dyeing tesco actually gonna go to yeah
we're not going to make a Russian
mistake here so those are the actual
place what pharmacist Sam McCauley
promises that the cabochon yellow
Sampras no no just 66 cent more there's
a better selection of girls are look
prettier yeah yeah I think I'll date her
this is the truth is she come in two
spots did you just take her home she's
looking at me hello
a smashing of rice slashing smashing
slashing prices go No Oh check out my
t-shirt yo do i love slimming sliminess
Plemons look from here oh yeah oh I'm
working it oh he's working it and I'm
going to do a little swivel and a little
swivel working it yo what's this now
what's this now
oh are you ready to do it are we are we
ready to do it we are going to watch the
last ever episode of Stargate Universe
there is a tear dripping down my chin I
have waited because this is it it's all
over it's all over after this guys and
I'm feeling quite emotional about it
it's an emotional time it is you're such
an idiot
and I'm kind of wearing like men's pants
as well I don't know you could look
stupid
you're such an idiot get out of here
otherwise let you start getting all
emotional
yeah wait what the hell are you doing
you're barred fired
