oh I just cannot get over their haircuts
they're so cute and great guys okay I
don't know if I should be even vlogger
at this because you know how it's like
if there's something going on like not
like hate or you know it's not that
extreme like you know if there's
something going on like negative and we
always try to keep the logs very
positive and like I hate vlogging about
negative stuff and I hate complaining
that stuff when I'm not complaining this
is meant in a very light-hearted way but
I just I don't know if I should even
lose this in I guess Jonathan will
decide when he's editing but um just a
little favorite formspring okay we're
both on formspring now and I personally
think that formspring is an excellent
way an excellent way of kind of like
connecting with you guys like because we
do we get like cut a batch to write this
actually sometimes and that's really
unfair goal people who like complain
that we don't reply to comments and
messages we do like we do that all the
time if you can go to any video and like
not all of them will be sorry not all of
them will be replied back to you
obviously because we can't do that but
we actually are some of like the few
people that act that really do take the
time to you know reply back to people
and like always on Twitter like as much
as I can
Jonathan I think pretty much always
replies to people on Twitter you know we
have the same kind of thing like we want
to reply to you guys but at the same
time obviously it's difficult because
because there's so many and not to say
like oh we're so you know famous or
successful or anything and that's why we
you know we have liked to do it it's not
that it's just the time like
it's because we get such it's any anyone
who's who has a blog who's online in the
slightest like has a youtube challenge
you'll know like it's hard to kind of
keep in touch with everybody so sorry if
I seem like I'm not actually paying
attention to you guys but I'm just I'm
uploading the vlog so what I'm saying is
okay so formspring right I like foreign
stream I really like it because it um it
a name okay hold on I'm just gonna do
this and then just let me get this off
and then I will talk to you alright just
let me start okay okay so as I was
saying I love formspring because I think
foreign Spring is a really good way of
connecting with you guys it's really
quick and easy I usually order answer my
foreign spring questions when I'm kind
of on the go or like I'm bored like
waiting somewhere I'll enter a ton of
questions and I answer a lot of them
I've answered over 6,000 of them so if
you don't have a question there's
something go to my forum spring because
that's where I answer you guys and I
like it because it keeps things concise
you can ask like super long questions
either you know so it's usually quite
quick but um
recently there was just making so much
drama on my forum string and I didn't
know why ditch bring it up or not
because I don't want to like you know
dwell on or anything but like I'm not
trying to dwell on it it's just like
it's irritating because people don't you
have to understand like you should I use
my foreign spring to answer like
important questions more so than
anything else or like advice give advice
or you know like I'll put so much effort
and time into it like yesterday I put so
much effort into answering a question
about what to do in court and I was you
know trying to research all these places
and like trying to remember like what I
did what I've done that's touristy and
you know like I do put so much effort
and time into it so then it really like
offends me when people like go crazy or
like kind of hate on it or whatever and
of course I expect hate on formspring
it's all anonymous whatever but this is
like small
specific some girl asked me a question
and like it's one of those like really
key not like their the girl is stupid or
anything but it's one of those silly
questions that you get like you know
like um okay
I don't know trying to think of an
example and I can't I'll just tell you a
question it was like um I just spawned
on you it was like if would you rather
be like really good-looking and have
like a boring or plain personality or be
really plain looking and be very
interesting and intelligent person okay
that was the question and like first and
foremost we can't choose we're born in a
certain way either we're born some
people are born good looking and
horrible personalities or just have
developed horrible personality some
people are born good-looking and are
really nice people some people are born
I don't think anybody is ugly to be
honest with you I think ugliness is
something that you kind of like you kind
of develop like if you're a mean person
like you could appear over there or if
you're like a standoffish or anything so
I don't think anyone's born ugly but you
could be plain looking or like maybe not
as classically good-looking and have a
horrible personality I know people like
that or you could be just plain looking
and extremely intelligent or extremely
see intelligence doesn't make someone
beautiful I don't think like
intelligence is okay but it's like it's
intelligence like it makes you in charge
it makes you able to hold a conversation
with somebody for like a long period of
time or like I don't know but to me it's
not so much intelligence it's more like
your personality but anyways that's
beside the point completely um but
you're born in a certain way you can't
change it so this girl asking this
question um it's not actually anything
to do with her so I shouldn't even bring
her up put the girl down see the
question like I don't I don't think so
that she I don't think she was she was
actually looking for like a serious
answer because how can you answer that
seriously like I am Who I am like
whether I answer that question one way
or
other do you know to mean like oh I
don't know so I didn't answer it like
seriously like I mean I don't know I was
like I remember a second question I was
like you know what everybody
I bet everyone who gets that question
would say oh definitely you know the
plane plain-looking person who is more
intelligent and you know has an
interesting personality you know it's
like yeah right I mean come on guys like
be honest with yourselves like which
would you rather pick so I was just like
you know this isn't a serious question
it's not life and death so just like to
be honest with you I probably picked the
classically good-looking with no
personalities I'm like it's mint in in
such a flippant way like it's not
supposed to be taken seriously but then
I just got like attacked on my flooring
like oh my god this is supposed to be a
confidence blog I dare you say that and
I'm like okay guys sound good but I
realize that this is what happens like
whenever I do anything like even if I
may come like like I guarantee I'll make
a comment on this Pony it'll probably be
this actually that people will find
controversial but there's always like
even if nothing happens in a day
there's always something controversial I
to do with like what I've just said it's
like YouTube and blogger and the
internet it's just all of that because
it's anonymous so people would just
attack you but now it's just being like
my foreign string is being ruined
because it's just being flooded with
these people saying like you and I even
said in my answer I was like does that
makes me really shallow probably but it
was like you know it's like a joke like
it's not meant to be taken seriously
like guys you know please like just
realize that sometimes sometimes
oh we're not met I'm human like I'm a
person with like a real sense of humor
and like a real life you know I'm not
like this perfect like I don't know do
you know what I mean like don't expect
me to answer these
questions seriously when you're on
Center mean quest when you're when
you're asking me a question like that if
you're asking me a question like you
know why I'm 17 I've never had a
boyfriend and I don't know how to
approach voice obviously I'm gonna
answer that one seriously but you know
there's like a different tone and then
all these people were like attack with
me and now it's just like my foreign
spring I don't even want to open it
anymore because it's just like rubbish
like it's films all this crap of people
are just being like attacking me and
saying like I'm shallow superficial that
I'm an ugly person on the inside and all
this stuff like you don't even know me
Plus why are you reading so much into
this like it's not important
you know it's not like a life debt
situation this is like the internet oh
my god so I don't know if I'm even gonna
put this up in the vlog or like even
kind of address it but I didn't even
know whether I should address it's like
I it's not so much this specific thing
because it this happens to me all the
time like I'll save one thing and people
I was extremely offended by what you
just said I usually love you but right
now I have one girl she was like I
usually defend you and all my friends
say that you're an airhead and an idiot
that you love yourself and usually you
know I'm the girl in my friend group
that defends you but now I'm sorry I'm
just not going to do that anymore I
think they're completely right it's like
okay like I don't really know what to
think of that like alright fine
so the cameras with Chavez I was
blogging for too long anyway um
basically all I'm trying to say is that
don't take me too seriously all the time
don't set yourself up for like you know
because if you approach me like as if
I'm not a real person like as if I mean
this like oh oh my god like she's a role
model and all this like I say that I'm
role model you know like I wrote a book
about my experiences and what you know I
went through and how I kind of like the
figured stuff out with you know going
through puberty and like your body
changing and all that that doesn't make
me automatically make me a role model
like if you want to
that's fine and I really I'm really
flattered that a lot of people say that
about me but it's like I can I make
mistakes too
you know I'm shallow too sometimes like
I watch I mean Klein were all shallow
like we all watched the TV shows with
the pretty people it's like hello I like
certain celebrities just based on their
looks I don't know any idea what they
what they're like in real life they
could be horrible people but you know
that's just kind of how things are and
like I'm not saying that look this is
more important than personality like
that's not what I meant but in the kind
of term that it came in like what when
that question was asked I wasn't
thinking that I was going to be quoted
or that this is like oh my god this is
definitely like I'm questioning you know
Howie what your stance is on like you
know looks versus personality like come
on guys you know anyway I feel like I'm
getting really heated up here and I'm
getting way too black into this like
it's some kind of public debate so I'm
gonna stop now and I'm gonna upload this
vlog okay
