all right so we just got up it's like 2
o'clock which is insane because I think
there's something wrong with me
just FYI and fYI is Jonathan as well
because John doesn't believe me but I
think there's something wrong with me I
don't know if it's the milk I'm hoping
it was the milk and that that's gone now
because I didn't drink any caramel today
but I feel like total oh and I
don't know if I have some kind of like
wiring deficiency or something I have no
idea but I think I'm gonna need to see a
doctor I honestly have not felt this way
like before I just feel so tired I slept
probably a bit like 50 billion hours
last night and it doesn't make a
difference but I'm all kind of come
dreading to go cuz my mom is going out
for a walk and I'm gonna go meet her and
bring the dogs because they need to go
for a walk didn't get a walk yesterday I
was too tired to do anything I just feel
like there's something wrong with me
people Republicans are like you're
pregnant oh my god okay don't say that
because I have no intention of getting
pregnant right now I don't want to get
pregnant right now I'm only 23 and I
have a wedding in three months so yeah
we don't want to get pregnant right now
so don't say that but I don't think it's
time to get something else but either
way I'm sure people are gonna get
excited and say that but I'm telling you
it's probably not so don't so yeah we're
gonna go for a walk now dogs are not
excited and I'm not wearing an office
because hold inside so we get ready we
go
we just left my mom what and it's really
hard to vlog and walk those two dogs no
Albee this way so I'm actually editing
right now
I just filmed a video for my own channel
it's the first time in like bajillion
years because of my fatigue I have not
been able to like sit down and film a
video I'm just so right so anyways and I
took the dogs for a walk I'm not sure if
I'm gonna be able to use any of that
footage because it was like it's
impossible to vlog and
walk two dogs at the same time like
that's why anytime I go for a walk it's
always up like a really short first you
know like it's never like a long
drawn-out like video but it's just so
impossible cuz see not and I'll be are
like wrapping their knees around my legs
and it's just like oh my god I can't do
this too many things to think of it at
the same time plus there was a dead rat
on our walk was so gross like every time
we walk past which was twice total I had
to like make sure that they were so far
away because it's so dangerous anyway oh
I get shivers just thinking about it my
friend Rebecca is coming over today
um actually in about ten minutes she's
supposed to come over because she's
borrowing a dress from me for a party
that she's going to in 1920s like themed
party which is really cool so I'm gonna
actually give her a wedding invitation
she doesn't know that yet but I'm gonna
give her a wedding invitation like today
when she comes think about her friend
Kim's coming this while I'm gonna give
hers her hers too
whatever oh so then Jonathan is gonna is
gonna come home and I think he's out
Harvey Norman right now looking for oh
my god yeah because we only have one
camera right now before we had to well
actually before we had to and then we
only have one for ages but now we want
to because we want to do like the double
vlogging thing and yeah all right camera
has been broken for about like a month
now and they said it would take like two
weeks which it hasn't at all to fix I
mean Harvey Norman did so Jonathan's
checking like what the hell is going on
there because Harvey Norman are not the
best but anyways hopefully we'll have
two cameras that we can do like double
vlogging or you know what I mean like he
vlogs when he's at work and I vlog here
in Halawa so just back from hardly
wasting my life Norman and I came in to
them and I gave them three weeks like he
was like all gonna be like two weeks
after I have to wait a week for them to
tell me so it took them why don't we
tell me it's gonna take two weeks it
took them three weeks to take the two
weeks and I go in today and
I knew something up because then the
girl goes hold on they're not coming out
cause obviously the manager or something
you know
and I got comes that in the city
something's like hi and this is just
ridiculous you know I've never I don't
know what's going on like is there
apparently they recorded another two
weeks for parts or some I don't know wat
like I was just sitting there I
understand I'm standing looking at like
you know they can get like weight or
anything cuz I'm beyond that now I'm
just like I'm like fed up you know you
don't eat like annoying with someone and
then you just get fed up and I was just
looking at I managed just like this is
ridiculous it is actually ridiculous
like it's gonna take a month a month
like so he said he's gonna call me
tomorrow at 12 o'clock you know and if
he says to me like I'm Reese I was going
again or a week or so like I don't know
what am I supposed to say that I'm like
stuck you man stuff it up your ass Harry
Oh zombie blastin anyway Marlon story
Harvey Norman guys go back out and punch
more hard for my people in the face
absolutely ridiculous and you know what
they are they are lucky they are lucky
they don't like they don't have a
Twitter account or a Facebook or any
sort of social media which is ridiculous
in today's day and age but however they
are so lucky because I would be I would
be on that yo I'd be like hash tagging
at and at replying at and all like yo yo
yo you better watch your back yo Harvey
yo norman yo I'll be all like yeah no
superstar yo I got a little a little
prize for the guys right cuz since he's
been in court I'm find it really hard to
find a good groomer you know like him we
saw that plays Creedence Griezmann doggy
daycare you know but then we went to the
open a I'm like we're ignored you know
and I don't know the service is
important to me so I ain't get a good
vibe from them so we didn't use them and
then I have many founders of and can say
that looks pretty good but that like an
can sail so you know we're like you know
what we'd do it herself and then it kind
of worked out but I was one using like a
human one so I decided today to invest
yo in this
professional wall pet care thingy
bobbins but it's kind of coop it's not
you open this thing up right now can
that kind of cool it's over here though
look there's no really cool and your
house is good about it we just oh yeah
cordless yo I'm supposed to be like
quieter than your one
and apparently it's got like a rotary
blade USA animal grooming oh yeah
Frannie's got a rotary blade on it which
means that it Clips like it will cut you
the max really really easier where's the
human ones and they don't have rotary
blades they're designed just like for
cutting human hair so there's supposed
to be like not as good for animals
anyway so I looking forward to getting
this thing to run now now I know it was
like 80 euros to buy that little dog
because I want him I don't want to buy
cheap one on one of my really good one
so it's like 80 years but then if we're
paying like 40 or 50 euros per dog per
hair cut every like you know we're doing
really like six weeks or some at so I
suppose it's actually quite
cost-effective provided I do a good job
so how would you rate this experience ah
be showed them look like a smooth and
even at all this huh isn't really glad
it's really hard to get around a bum bum
which is definitely a hard area to do
but we're getting there we're learning
as we go isn't our hobby I'll be okay oh
oh you know impressive daddy right now
huh
come on look at some of these things
like look at these bits like they're
even like like split ends in that right
lovely boy huh we're getting you done
huh maybe I should them you actually
said up Joe Joe versus Joe vs. pooches
so cool hello Poochie partner huh be so
cool
juicy which what about me to cut your
puppies there are babies at the puppies
I'm never giving them back but you do
know you know what they be in good hands
and why during the holidays
watch the daily vlog and see your dog
every day what do you think do we have a
deal
shake and shake out shake and shake and
shake hands good boy we have a deal on
understand and party music this is Ron
Sexsmith still time okay thank you
haircut huh oh no good boy you know
who's next who's next
oh my goodness hair everywhere we're
gonna get bumped even get a haircut
yeah dad let's see my little girl looks
like this my girl used to look like no
no come here you're gonna come to me
hate me now do you hate me do you like
your haircut do you like your haircut
do you if she can't get you treat though
Sherwin a haircut do you like it he
looks down with tomorrow
you actually taller than Alvey now look
a tiny little haircuts no this is so
cute we show mommy your haircut we
should warm you okay mommy's got loads
of friends that was there so you guys
can come because they're not you know
love to be friends so you guys want
treats doesn't cheat Kristina keep for
Albie yeah yeah how much it
your boy Ali uh-huh Alvie okay guys this
is good huh my little treat left it's
one freak that huh
good stuff guys yeah good hmm oh my
goodness look at this look how much hair
came off them one could make another dog
and that was like after I cut them
yesterday as well remember oh my
goodness look how much hair came off
this time oh well jobs done cutie
oh my a little cutie pie I haven't
forgotten about you you're super cute
nurse super feral actual is the cuteness
tortellini would you like importantly I
would like to importantly and I was
friends were over so I was banished to
the room banished
begone gentlemen for the ladies of
shaking the room that's right I did come
now a three times but you're at lady
things to discuss lady things that a
gentleman aren't pretty to the lady
things cuz the ladies you are practicing
your cutsies aren't you yeah you were
discussing how to help you make quilts
and what swapping recipes that's that's
what ladies do
ah
the stuff delivered myself something
like take the sap off like she can post
it to herself
the truth of it all
do not feed them anymore
sixty nad guys one of these you see I
personally like to just like kind of
pour in a random amount rather than sort
of measuring out a 60 and 80 yeah I know
so you guys are gonna watch the
Eurovision I think your vision
semi-final is on Thursday
Wow team Jedward all the way hey
whatever you gonna vote for an edge ever
but then you guys are in another country
that's it part of the everything Song
Contest need to give yourself I can't
vote for myself
yo what am I gonna do Harden's ten
points
Yolanda ten points instead of Island nip
wha Harland no points that's for the
kraaho you guys come on to the whole
point
would ya some literally done some
gendered for the win whoa we're Team
Edward is that it what when a male come
into if you know the name of your ass
your singer from your Eurovision Song I
know in the UK they've got blue blue
yeah the boyfriend and they represent
Megan I think they could be gentler you
seen their hair not a chance
