good morning world and how are you today
ah Bryan Lincoln same have any of you
guys ever had the unfortunate task of
getting married living it's here in my
organizing beginning my part so one
support in its life it's challenging
task you're ever experienced in your
life
trying to it's so simple but yet it is
so impossible organizing like all the
hotels or organizing all things that you
need to organize and then getting people
to do the things and turn up and dress a
certain way and act a certain way and oh
my goodness is this what like school
teachers when they organize the school
tour is this what it's like look like a
lot more stressful because there's
probably like a lot more a lot more on
the line than am jimmy forgetting in his
lunchbox
it's like when organizing a wedding you
think that like you fight so much do you
think like the wedding is over before
it's even begun
I think it's so stressful II just think
like how could you possibly stressful
everybody turned up on this day you
there make it cake
shoot their dress a certain way keep
their weight a song or so on and so
forth but oh no oh no no no no I'm sure
in the end it'll all work out but it is
a tough tough event katene you only do
it once
I'm gonna do it once right I must
venture off you're in charge
you're in charge till I get back you
expect responsibility of being in charge
yeah yeah okay Xena and Ivo oh he's
already downstairs take this and drink
from it this is the blog of my life oh
my god so I'm just out of the shower as
you can obviously tell I just had a
realization and I just had to share it
with you guys before I could even get
dressed in case I forget which I
actually probably won't forget because
it's so major um I have been feeling
like crap these last like say three or
yeah event three days so like over the
whole course is the weekend I've been
feeling like absolute poo and I didn't
know why and I just felt like not doing
anything actually since Friday okay I've
just felt like not doing anything not
going anywhere not seeing anyone just
like so sluggish and tired and like just
I don't know like drawn out like really
really tired and sluggish plus today and
even yesterday I've been so bloated like
my stomach is like out to here like it's
so so bloated I didn't know why and I
was like trying to figure it out and
like even as I'm talking right now like
my stomach hurts because it's like
bloated and I keep like you know like
this is kind of gross but like not
belching which is kind of like
hiccupping and like it so it's just like
there's something upset and my stomach
this is the last two days and I just
realized what it is like I'm 99.99999%
sure that this is what it is
it's cow's milk on Friday I was like so
fed up because here in Ireland I don't
know if it's the same anywhere else but
here in Ireland you can only get like I
think it's a 1 liter or one and a half
liter I'm not sure bottle like a tiny
bottle or carton of soy milk so I was
getting so fed up because it's so
expensive as well and like I would like
run out after
two days of the soy milk and that's just
from drinking cereal like it was so dumb
so it's just like oh you know Thais milk
never gave me any problems in the
beginning that's not why I stopped
drinking and I just stopped drinking it
to be healthy and so I was like okay
I'll just go back to cosmic plus it's
way cheaper you can get like three
liters for like the same price so I went
back on Friday and I bought cow's milk
and ever since then I've been feeling
like absolute poop and this never
happened to me before like I was always
fine everybody like before I started
drinking soy milk and now I'm just like
so bloated and I feel so sick and I know
that's what it is because I just had my
cereal and my stomach is like empty here
and that's what it is oh my god I can't
believe that so I'm definitely gonna go
back to soy milk even though it is more
expensive just because I feel like
absolute poop like I honestly just don't
feel like doing anything and I've been
feeling like this for the last few days
and it doesn't matter how much sleep I
get or anything it's just it's scary
isn't it like to think that house I feel
like poo II when I actually drink it as
well I feel like oh you know it's like
we're any rich or something I don't know
I don't like it and I never was like
that before I drank milk like all the
time even just like straight like like a
glass of milk
I loved milk and I love soy milk now but
and I I don't like cows milk anymore and
this is like 2% milk so it's not even
like full thought or anything but it
just tastes so gross like if you ever go
back to drinking milk after not drinking
it for ages like it's just so weird like
you just feel like oh my god this is
horrible how did I ever drink this so I
can't believe I just had that like
revelation when I was in the shower is
like oh my god because isn't the shower
is looking down at my stomach it's like
protruding out like your craziness like
usually my stomach is quite flat like
straight and it was just like sticking
out and that only happens when I get
really like bloated so definitely it's
cow's milk so I don't know I know that
somebody is different that some people
are allergic to soy products and
everything but definitely soy milk for
me just works so much better so I'm
gonna go shopping today and I'm gonna
buy some swim
because I am not gonna feel like this
anymore we are just back from my mom's
past we were actually out all day even
though we wouldn't know it because last
time as hog does this house um still but
yeah I went to my mom's house for lunch
and we also went shopping so I got some
soy milk because I don't want to drink
that was nothing anymore but I got
actually a lot of stuff our fridge is
quite full well this is full for us
these are so annoying me falling over
okay so now I have some kind of thumbs
selections to choose from for once for
what to make today for dinner - dinner
anyway um so we just got fat and there's
Tina oh there is the door and I have so
much stuff to do because I actually
promised Jonathan but I would do laundry
because he is like short on clothes
because he is pure clothes than me so he
like his needs to be watched like all
the time plus it's not even my fault but
he makes like a huge pile on top of his
dresser because he like never put stuff
away like I try my hardest to like try
and encourage him to do that and like by
folding things and putting it away in
stuff and I've even categorized like
every drawer but he's still like won't
do it so what he likes to do is he likes
to just put everything in a huge pile on
top of his dresser and then he doesn't
tell me if that's clean or dirty or not
and you can like pick stuff stuff up
from it and wearing stuff from that pile
and then other stuff he he just or other
things he just it's dirty so it's like
all a mixture and like a big mishmash of
everything and it really annoys me
because I never know
like what am I supposed to do with that
file so he made like another pile which
is basically that pile just moved to
another part of the room for me to wash
and it's really big like it's a lot of
stuff so I don't know how I'm gonna fit
it all in the washing machine plus there
are two three jet flies on boy
I am so tired
oh my goodness got the Monday's y'all
the Mondays you know around Meeny
tortellini I'm making tortellini thank
you guys Facebook yo moma it was like 50
milli new friends I was like also
learning like the crumpet
I was like oh my name is Lorna crumpet
nothing I like to drink too much lemon
juice add some sugar tasty tidbits I
tell you mm-hmm well yeah also I don't
forget you guys - yeah - like every day
oh I was dangerous with my nail tomorrow
is dirt today's ask go to my Twitter yo
and then tomorrow for the spring and
then the next day we're back to YouTube
again cuz that's our video YouTube
Facebook Twitter and Palm Spring
anything else just a photo what's it
called dailybooth but not good at daily
boob guy's not going to baby boot
because it's not like it's simple it's
like you know you can take a quick pic
and upload his debut proof minute going
everywhere else because you have to go
to the daily good thing and anyway hope
for a day to boot doesn't like post on
your facebook without any any hassle it
puts this like city small thing I don't
like that let me write that Xena I don't
you know she knows what I'm talking
about
they do they do did the worst thing ever
dough had a midday snooze was ready
midday ish but came home from Susie's
went asleep oh for about an hour - which
is a worse
never walk up it's now half eight I was
like on no because if I'd stayed asleep
you know what I happened to know so then
I thought if you saw a Facebook where I
wrote this morning when I was like like
oh my god like relationships like
organizing a wedding is like a pre
marriage relationship stress test
because the demand of like emotions that
run high and if you've survived all of
those things like your marriage will
definitely survive these are giving me
that's my new dress so guys jeez Louise
man so um I gotta need my yesterday from
the photographer guy that's supposed to
do an art photography is in Union at me
in court and he said that now
something's come up with something right
and he's not gonna be able to come to
the wedding which means that not only is
he not gonna be able to come but that
means like we were kind of relying on
him to be the photographer for the
entire kind of event which is like
totally trolling us up in the air now
it's like oh my goodness like one thing
like my friend is in coma it's like all
right
we can't make it but then because he
kind of agreed to be the photographer at
same time it's like ah damn you're like
what the hell we're gonna do now you
know so new stress new stress test we
now have no photographer for the wedding
which will be kind of crappy like
obviously the video stuff I don't mind
because I'm gonna blog on the day Anna's
gonna vlog in the day and we're gonna
like Rob Oh lay off you know and then
I'm gonna get something now someone else
I'm gonna just set up cameras around the
place to like film the whole thing sir
video is covered okay check but when it
comes back to a pictures like and I can
take all wonderful pictures but if we
kind of sitting about who's taking
pictures because any of you know
pictures of me which would be kind of
silly so it's like you gotta find I
don't know what we're gonna do
you know we're tightening like I was
like maybe I can give this person the
camera on the day it was like oh no what
are we gonna do so if you are a
professional wedding photographer here
and you're available travel
careful cuz I'm gonna say coming no
peeking guys okay ready or not here I
come
he can smell see he's used to this game
nope okay where's the sheet before the
treat Frenchie Toby oh she knocked it
over
I know I know I know but then he led her
to us it is those users today homework
if you have a job
played ugly hide-and-seek
