Goodin after morning noon my friend ease
quick little bit of information because
someone left me a comment and they were
like oh my god I can't believe you
accepted my friend request on facebook
and I was like guys you subscribe to my
channel of course you're welcome on my
facebook so you're it is journalism
dirty office add me on the Facebook and
I will accept I will accept everybody
that subscribes to the channel under the
Facebook don't think I wouldn't accept
you I love you we're like BFFs forever
saying is the Twitter cinema's Anna's
Facebook we love you guys you're like
family
you're like an extension of my present
presenters so that's me on Facebook
brother John Titor 7475 7475 oh my
goodness so masculine formspring hey
guys why don't you guys have a baby
because if you have a baby you'll
probably get more views it's like I
don't wear that if you have a baby on a
JV Club you will probably get more views
you know people who have babies and they
about to tend to get more views than
people who don't have babies on daily
drugs but you see the thing is I don't
think that's a good enough reason to go
out and have a baby just to get more
views on YouTube show imagine while you
see son where we're struggling to get
the views on YouTube 22 our best thing
to do would be to produce you son and
that way good use you
well son we're giving you away because
we're having another baby you get even
more views and you're not that popular
and show anymore so off to boarding
school you go but using a different
Baker company look at these guys
Mike Kennedy Kennedy Kennedy I don't
know but when you put them in they don't
know they don't wash like the other
bagels they actually stay quite strong
and straight it's not like then it's
incredible musical plugins musical
plugins plugins ease - zzzz he's almost
done
oh my goodness you guys are insane
excuse me pardon me connect this
openness then you come up with the best
idea ever
check this out guys it's a to feed all
my subscribers now if you open an
orderly queue and I will find you guys
with a cup of your asshole coffee
that's insane obviously cutest dog in
the world
look at this he won't actually come in
because the door is open ever so
slightly he does that he doesn't
actually come in he thinks like he can
actually if the door isn't open fully
yet you wait but you can come in on me
you can push the baby boy here's a
channel maybe boy you only in home just
won't jump through the keyhole wouldn't
you intercepted Joey says that
for long enough okay
trying to get some haircuts who wants
haircuts and she wants the rapper's no
no my caramel no rappers okay who wants
haircuts huh sniffs lips you want
snippy's time to get something upset
please lips lips knees because that
one's like Oh to where you just mochi
weak you love Lebrun I'm like you know
what forget your brother I'll give
myself iou's all you find is my scissors
you found him
all right guys the puppies go uptown to
get the snip snip snip so Jonathan is
groomings Cena it's cutting her and I'll
be and I are just hanging out right
Albee this will be on eBay later
but yeah mm-hmm so I just finished
giving seen a little bass she gets the
hiccups quite a lot I'm not really sure
why but she just had like a little burst
of excitement didn't you because she's
all wet
no and look what happened to me this is
always what happens to me when I bathe
the dog I'm always the one who carries
the network so we need to brush her out
now because she's got a little Nazis
here that I didn't see there's one too
hmm quite a lot actually
so I'm going to need to comb her oh
right good girl and she doesn't mean
being cold with that much fun it has to
be done you can never see your face and
now we can finally see her sweet little
face Xena
good girl she's had a rough day he's so
cute in ways we haven't really done that
much today because we've been just so
tired and it's Sunday so please forgive
us but we've just kind of done nothing
and I didn't really feel like doing
anything or even like getting dressed or
anything oh because I was just so so
tired after yesterday and all the
excitement of the birthday and
everything so that's why the vlog is a
little bit short and kind of like not
much happened but
what into bed into bed into bed no no
hmm how's that much yeah
are you the cutest boy in all the land
are you Bobby I'll be I'll be here to
see this boy in all the land
oh yeah yes you are
so yeah yes I am mad you are two little
moose little moose cheese yeah good boy
Alvie we enjoyed our wish she wants us
huh
we enjoyed our she wants us
