holy poll right check this out you know
there how many days look this is our
wedding website thing right look at this
can you see that 117 days to go to our
wedding so these people are matrimony
isn't that crazy guys 117 days and a bit
of an accident
whoa see I'm there a hundred it's like a
few months it's not right oh it's mama
mama style that's birthday we were
heading over to different gifts and love
and attention and teeny bobbins like
that isn't that right okay I was I was
lovely yeah they're roommates if only we
could get the Flies to pay a rent I am
suffering from a food hangover today
we're way too much food or something
yesterday Jerry get that when you're
like gorge yourself on the fundus of
food but then the next day it is like I
can't move I am sorry our food
of course skinny me links over here it's
not that easy they like it the bigger
portions I like it the pizza or pasta
under pie okay turn the truth my hair
disgusting it's beautiful it's gross I
don't know yes it was bothering me as
well it's never like
it's never like the this part of my hair
but I don't like it's always this part
here right here my hairline I just feel
like so unattractive when it's like just
parted I like your hair Moses when it's
up most assess me and then that's why
when a great face down
I always just put it off half up half
down but then I'm just like I kind of
just be like everybody else's and just
look nice when it's perfect we have to
go and get the wrapping paper the card
the wrapping paper
the sellotape make the wrapping of the
box and go to mama style lines and then
move to get dog food because like for
like a day or they're on the cleanse
dogs on the clintons guys we are we were
weighing out the yesterday we taught how
we come on like you see his way in his
weekly weigh-in he's like six pounds I
know like three my god Sookie the weight
of my shoes cuz I weighed them like ages
ago
like a better week people that's how it
starts the mothers start weighing the
kids making little comments they're like
sorry your dog has to be under certain
weight that does happen that's where and
they are still like notice okay I put
her on the scale it was like the little
you know what you call that singing just
went like like that because it's like
three bad it's like nothing I remember
when he was three pounds and so
I know wait a minute that's right yeah
and he was like you put him on the
scales like the circus are in town yeah
exactly what is that faucet say
waiting in a car park oh my goodness
hello hello this crazy little crazy man
all right crazy man over there huh -
Tara - wait no mommy mommy mommy he's
inside doing the shopping yo
this isn't there somewhere somewhere in
there somewhere in there lost upon the
millions and thousands why are you in
the front please baby here mommy daddy's
not here no huh
mommy's inside and I also for that
candles a message for cameras but it's
funny we can just wrap it there I know
if you know the exact same his hair is
shorter
come on guys once inside so we're
sneakily here wrapping up our country
and cool lights up
it's so cool isn't it I love stem
Mediterranean collection yeah it's
awesome present you wanna see my mad
rapping skills yo check it out
you'd never guess it that is legit don't
forget a pinkie thing in this sheep
sheep when this for cuteness hanging
from here it's cute it's deep where to
put our cool lanterns are you gonna put
it set a new jumper yeah okay I've got
three extra uh-huh stick it in there
just check it in the ground by the tree
yeah yeah twist it twist ease is it
going in put it up on the open the hill
is it going in don't break it now
awesome
right now stick another one like right
here somewhere so it lights up the pond
show me stick it in my one photos - like
that's be done on a regular occasion new
top higher up higher that's clear I
built that
that's just pure clay the the mound
it'll just light it should go in there
quite easily you cold
put him no put a bit of manly effort
into it come on twist it twist it twist
it shake it pop it pop it twisted shake
it
chuckles okay the glasses right there we
go
no going back now one zero signs that
for 3000 see
focus instructions in case you don't
figure it out
bye-bye hope you can come in the word
that our entire national international
family lives inside that green box
guidance a lot
all done hold on okay so I'm gonna hit
the game because there's a new operation
sniper somewhere sort of a sniper in
game but I wanna play
so I got what I wanted
now Ana has to get what she wants from
the boys get one of these bags the girls
have to get one of these bags
that's the Pharisee or rule fancy or
super excited sniper ghost Warrior
ghosts water blasting you need love and
some other thing anyone's it's on it's
on
whoo the smokey aren't real
is that hot it's so funny-looking other
stuff oh that's a healthy mix
so here's this ballerina that was open
I did that testers ones Oh cuz they got
by a test going
disgusting
looks all the same old medium I love the
smell of a new game so when you open it
up for the first time we like last point
that is fun
I must admit let's put it this way it
doesn't get broken I stick this one out
of here let's put it in here
oh snap foolery one thing about the PSN
being down is that normally we put it
game in it's like oh I have to update
and download stuff me right now there's
nothing you can do because you can't
connect online although when or when it
comes back but every game is going to
upload whoo the excitement mmm it's pull
em across here you can get a full view
oh yeah that's what I'm talking about
mmm mmm oh
helicopters villages of people
oh no oh did you see
whoo mr. Batman he's probably looks like
me yeah when each maybe smaller ones
they like better ones just paw print
paw print and she has to get used to it
it looks so cute together no inside oh I
know you wanna come you're so cute
he's bending up cyclopentane man you're
gonna come are you
you're gonna go happy you're gonna go
yeah we're gonna put team in there to
think about team okay see they worked
the first time
hey can you make yourself smaller can
you lose some weight I'll be I'll be
okay okay okay yeah yeah yeah okay let's
go oh now he's getting out I think it's
maybe it's squash this when you pick it
up something from mrs. United Arlen
misfits that can read people's minds
yes we do an escape like a hair
I love you
I wish it never rains oh but you know
what on the plus side knock on tie oh
yeah I'll get a splash let's go for the
splash splash the photo Oh
obviously it was a fan the people there
extra points especially just like first
flat you know like young school kids
walking along with their bikes and their
first day of school they're thinking
baby life this point of you order food
then you give them a big splashy wave
and they put some grounds them a little
bit how long he came don't ever do that
kids I'm on Kinsler move you know I hate
that's happened to me a few times I was
there
I get it
and then she in a shopping center and be
like oh right there
you know lady Kannapolis it's heart
you're going to be
all right getting my party game face on
yo we getting some green curry from
McIntyre good luck god bless Godspeed
yeah Grady pretty he's waiting on
someone
there's a guy sitting in this space just
behind this it's the only space outside
knock on time that you can actually part
we're hoping to try and get that space
but it's a real tricky one to find the
nearest actual spot is like way up the
road which is a pain in the arse because
it's so rainy so I am just hovering
outside here and I like move move out of
people's way if needs be we are going to
try and that guy has got his am jacket
on backwards
I don't know kids is wearing a jacket
backwards cool now or something because
I am unaware of that style the backwards
style black words man backward man does
whatever the backward lanterns
like just order the food that is gonna
take half an hour so we have a lot of
time to kill so we've decided that we're
gonna go and check out a
that we found online I might yeah you
like it and it's actually
it's the same kind of size as where we
are right now but it's a how it's not
it's not water and it's not a guard or
always a drop see every time I block
just like okay so don't believe me just
watch
but no if you look at any blog thing
every time I start talking he's like
mouth opens all right guys and then I
was like it takes the blog or trance a
little embarrassing and yeah so we're
gonna go check that out because I find a
fight wait seriously like I see so many
drivers that really pissed me off I
don't I'm not even a driver so exactly
Tom but I actually can you guys like
yesterday they were like chased by this
guy of our totally like and then erased
in over trato Brittany goes like so many
times and then like see she's where she
hasn't a gallon stickers
anyway so I always get really angry and
my dad to be like you get so angle were
like that when they drive up your bump
and then they like overtake you keep
freak out so dangerous it's not like
you're free and because the person is
stupid you're freaking out because you
could've killed me I don't want to be
killed on a road thank you very much I
don't it's not afraid like I am like I'm
a freak especially yesterday we had
algae and Sina in the back we had a
Levine Sina in the back and that's not
so angry because this guy was just being
a complete idiot like driving up a bomb
residue fast you drive like way too fast
and you kind of like resources we
actually raised us to think my dad was
the exact same I start screaming I'm
like what the hell is this so angry like
you could have killed somebody innocent
I don't know if there's anybody else
like me from Planet rice but still gets
pissed off of a bit like unsafe drivers
I just get so angry because I'm like
there's so many jets on the roads and
so much stuff on the run
Johnson major on
Oh God
but seriously like it's not that our
your air conditioning is broken it's
just that number one doesn't work so
number two is too much about you and I
are we're looking at the map this is
about where I was because you didn't
even do a right turn this is wrong you
said there it is
see I babysat how can I be wrong if now
there it is word will be that one it was
a corner one remember
I think we are being smarter this time
because we're three months ahead of
schedule round boom for like two or
three months right
and we're like looking now rather than
actually last time you know we'd
actually left talking we've moved up the
court like and then we were just like
kind of slumming it and Anna's mom says
you know so it was a lot more pressure
and you know okay why are you so mad to
make my own breakfast but like we
obviously negotiated a really good deal
and we found it but that was like you
remember like it was like when all hope
had lost we finally found it when we're
in now like and that's because we
weren't even looking at that you know we
just ended up there and blah blah blah
so at this time it's like we'll be more
specific we're trying to stick to what
we want and we're just like you know
with like loads and loads of time to
kind of cruise at all the available
options and but now we're back in that
con tied it is storming Susan's storming
here so we're just kind of like chillax
it outside the door I'm just gonna run
inside any minute now and see the food's
ready
look at this stuff guys it is absolutely
what's the problem
I ordered a lot of stuff you did right
we see if I park there i'ma pull up here
let's see see our situations like I
think right here is means buying it all
we're gonna make a run for it I hope the
guy who owns that car does not want to
leave anytime soon okay if you do give
me a call I'll sort you out bro all
right wait wait the taxi going are we
gonna run for it guys you ready let's do
this
- its tight sands TI yeah a tower a
tower of Brno towering inferno
8:17 that's a guiltless 17 is great
Kulik you can actually see all the
lights now because it's dark look that's
they look like the solar parent ones
it's not cool it's just kind of like
little sprinkle grande see if you can
see the rest of them come on in there
mmm it's not guys a little wine oh can
see the one with their look under pond
