I will Alicia Walla lies in Malang
Gilliland and mother ankhila Rolando
bal√°zs well there I saw made and fair
lass I said come on over here you guys
see that you should try it
I will allege try while Allah Allah
Allah Allah Allah Allah know if they're
besties right real tea for drink a pint
of Guinness grow a beard and we're gonna
say well allow some butter LONDON belong
Tiananmen get on the bar on there Jimmy
its neighbour song I could get stuck so
well I don't know why Rara hate this
turn oh and then Popo box
she nothing comes like all guys you
still used our Popo box of course we
used to prepare box of course we used to
prepare box
Oh nut circles no no okay thought maybe
a manager taking my spot eNOS but he had
not he's just gonna use a standard is a
standard Tommy Murray has just started a
fight because I want to chocolate oh you
know what's the cioccolato I want the
crunchy things
groans is that American num-nums
American nom nom she just makes me miss
a matter discard see and it's got a
little sticker on this in because this
time every time
families know what to ask you sure
since when do Maltese with ears like
that she rollin locks she said at the
back Congrats on almost one year of
blogging I can't believe it it has flown
bite
oh thanks Tammy I know 326 I put up
today I think okay I'm gonna just read
this myself yeah yeah I thought cuz that
seems like Jonah good stuff good stuff
okay you can have this roasted almond
dove
that's a dove oh goody people because
people need to send it give me this all
right people need to send us more food
from around the world so we can sample
the taste buds of the world that never
tasted named this food before over to my
colleagues see what I like that the
American truck the Rankin stuff that
they always have to calories like big on
the front so you do exactly how much
you're eating but all of them do that no
in like English and Irish and all that
you have to like search Irish don't even
bother happy Amy mollies is a local
chocolate chain and ice cream shop its
addicting okay so this is man tonight
no wait chocolate pretzel crunch bar you
don't even like anyone oppressive
crunchies is an American thing
I love pretzels with traffic exercise we
thought you said accessorize ha ha I'd
like to thank you that's your new motto
is it
some paper boring oh my god that's so
cool she got me summer angel but after
the Mormon becomes in a different - what
does that mean in an in America and in
in Ireland and England commas in brown
that's so weird and look it's so
different as well ah thank you
and then look she got me a covergirl
lipstick sweetheart I thought actually
would go with my net blast today
thank you so much Tammy I never had a
covergirl lip stick
I know the Americans are like my like
okay so because America like comma girls
all over me already have where is it to
me it's like wow breaking all the rules
today guys
we're in it'll ever be neighbors work
they were blocked their before didn't
see inside of this store so different a
testify I like you think looks at that
more like Europeans look like more
German grounds
mr. Naumann after the Swedish meatballs
I love switch people's earn whens yoco
grazing for a loving couple percentage
there are fibrin Tesco wait are we the
idiots that didn't know about this face
look you like that thing you know it's
sent by 20 yeah
ooh we get the big ones
hey stuff
that's like that
cause my god we're Frankfurter bagels
getting Rock worse
look at the size compared to like that
the frankfurter sausage is these things
are monsters the crazy start like that
gonna get arc welder you get a generator
a bench we need everything
oh boy crazy circus just deal with the
jellybeans where do all right it all
laid out like that
very good yeah I hate when people do
that
I love the crazy circus I really mean
about picking things up it was too
excited mocha mocha spread Vic show me
what's this would you like some mocha I
have got to have this I have got to have
this portable toilet you could put it in
the car have you so cool I don't know
there's press a button here let's go to
waste tank Oh
let's get always tank whoo diving that's
it hmm I have the beach body I'll
probably need one of those you know
definitely need one of these artists get
a load of these leather glasses the
correction they did I won one I fit
seong-gu shoes exactly what I was
looking for is it please please blanket
it's so funny walking right here I feel
like I'm on holidays or something
they're going to light fire and country
I'm like oh yeah this one oh yeah let's
try that one it's so funny here in
Munich like this is like pretty much all
the food that they have meaning this is
like heavy shots are laid out never to
look exactly how it feels like he's
found a garden set for having seen I
look so cute and I'm like mommy and
daddy and then it little kids and it's
so cute that was like the cutest thing
I've ever seen anyway we're here for my
my style that because we've actually
decided to get her solar powered lights
for her gardenia because I got something
like this from my mother a few years ago
and she really liked it and it's totally
awesome so solar power lights you say
not the rock one's more like rock those
ones
you later use this excuse me does
anybody on this isn't that it's the best
garden center ever it's like a disco hey
sorry I got the stuff for the puns
Joe listen you say partner what's the
first thing comes into your head
doctor can you know these are like
standalone water feature things warning
do not touch
I like the trees stuff
she does like olive oil hmm I don't
walking in the countryside down the
country lane Tina do not pee on the
Nettles
that makes your women go sting sting now
guys don't run to the watery Waterland
I'll be come on good boy kill boy put
the water oh goodness
crazies come crazy I don't she could
break in time
tortellini oh yeah Oh preciate the
wisdom there's there's kids of potential
just Wilson isn't as physically kids on
business Nessman bezel she's missing
this kid fiddled wiggling me I have
eaten my chocolate Oh Bart it was tasty
Thank You Tommy 20 tasty Tamara tasty
Tammy Marie oh yeah totally amazing
awesome crazy news so M you know we're
we're always trying her best to have
that pause well Gina the lady that runs
it today so she was like hey they're
doing the calendar what albian Cena
would like to be in the pause official
calendar crater tier I was like oh my
goodness that would be amazing
gigantic pause dot ie don't eat when you
can but that would be so cool like
imagine I'll be a senior in the calendar
the official calendar I'm like oh my god
I'll be like so proud just like a hair
in the camera I'd be like so proud I was
like oh my goodness they'll be amazing
all around the world if we get them that
no no idiot you saw in the month and
another related note t-shirt toes okay
new plan new plan of action guys I am
going to design one t-shirt we are going
to create 20 versions not sure what this
is we're going to create 20 versions of
that one t-shirt and we are going to
give them away to awesome people
then these t-shirts I'm going to use
that district lines of Cafe Press after
that so you can just buy them but I'm
not gonna sell the ones that we're gonna
hand make because we're gonna roll
Internet we're gonna spend our own heart
hurt Oh hundred 22 for you guys cuz I
love you guys you guys are awesome and I
don't even know what I'm supposed to do
or how much I'm supposed to charge or
anything you know
and I was like it's going to be
expensive on SD due to district lines
thing you know so I was like you know
what they'll be available cafe practice
district lines all that stuff for people
to despite what everyone willy-nilly but
for 20 of my favorite subscribers ha
we're gonna go print them get the pace
down to Dublin we're gonna print them
then we're gonna ship them then I ship
them up to here we're gonna sign every
single one of them and then we're gonna
ship them out to 20 lucky people
not yours we're gonna run some sort of a
contest not really sure how the contest
is gonna work or what's going to happen
but I got a design the shirts purse but
I can't with that at the end I thought
you know what let's get back to you for
you I love you guys I do definitely not
where most pleasant nights I've ever
experienced in my life
we're running midnight Adventure yeah
we're midnight adventurous all right
guys I'm gonna get the num-nums
I love your hair down like that look
like an Olsen twin
it's a horrible horns see you oh hello
how are you doing oh I'm uh sunward oh
this is kind of spooky this is
journalists I remember that we were I
fill them with the fish their Facebook
for them
yeah it doesn't like that if you look at
this is like come in okay guys we met
this person online caller ciccone
Jolie's what
gonna venture on here Enid arch and so
if we make it alive do you never hear
from us ever again guys it's been fun
waiting at a queue you go ahead because
I don't really understand how this thing
works for waiting at the cube oh I got a
perky no num-nums then you need to be a
good boy yeah I won't tell you where we
are uh she's uh she's I don't think so
yes uh she's that's what you say and you
want to pass them around the queue you
have to say squishies and then you just
drive past him Scott she's uh she's uh
she's the bush kangaroo
are you thinking the same yo don't be
interfering with a man a gentleman come
on gentleman's quarters come on with the
num-nums
I got open the window here gives you
that thing though
