major cleanup today folks oh yeah look
at this carry on
Oh spa lessee mode good job good job
thank you thank you very much what I'm
gonna vacuuming right do you guys do a
mite only one it does this cuz I don't
know if I'm too cheap I don't know what
it is but I just tend to do this take a
vacuum bag and when it fills up right
when it's full of dust instead of like
getting another one I just kind of like
pull this up out and like empty the bike
you know stick your finger in here and
just like pull all the stuff out and I
would have been pilot dust like that now
the only problem with this technique is
if you have been vacuuming up spiders
then the spiders are in there probably
laid eggs probably multiplied so when
you're sticking a finger in your pond
all that stuff out you may catch a
spider which you know can happen
whenever it's bad bad point to it you
know so I hope I hope no spiders come
out of here but em it's just easier to
find your bikes than these clean the
filters you know I probably use them but
I don't and finally my vacuum cleaner
bags it's so difficult you need to make
the name of the thing in the side and
what type of thing it is the last one we
have here is one of those M refillable
once you knowing just like open-to-buy
empty tube I put the bike in I like
those ones they're like like come on
like this is a paper bag yeah I told her
that every time we use it that's not
very eco-friendly I must tell you
let's tell you so um yeah just how they
turn out with you leave me a comment do
you enter your own vacuum cleaner bags
people have asked me and private
messages on Twitter on facebook on
formspring and I haven't said anything
yet about the 'sound bin Laden caption
killing and I just thought that I didn't
want to say anything because I don't
want to offend anybody and I didn't
really know what I was supposed to say
or you know if I'm supposed to express
how I really felt about it but I was
reading Time magazine the other day and
I saw this quote from this schoolteacher
Jessica Jessica Dawley from the US and I
really felt that it definitely am
definitely summed up how I how I felt
about the situation so if you'll allow
me just one moment to express kind of my
feeling and I understand that people are
gonna obviously feel very differently
about this and people are gonna have
strong views on either side of the
argument of the feeling or something but
this is just personally how I feel and
this is what you say I will mourn the
loss of thousands of precious lives but
I will not rejoice in the death of one
not even an enemy those I remember what
happened being like my family Ernie you
asked like I've you know everyone was
touched by what happened and I think it
was terrible is atrocity it was really
sad but you know I think every life is
like precious and stuff when I don't
really want to rejoice or be all like
you know about it put then again I don't
want to saying because I don't want
anybody and you are like that's you are
loud but that I just felt I read that
and I thought wow like that really sums
up exactly how I felt about it you know
and I just thought I would share that
with you and I really I don't we don't
want to offend anyone if you're you know
an American citizen and you feel very
very strongly about what happened and
you're rejoicing that you have the right
to and that's perfectly fine but I just
wanted to just say because people keep
asking me for my opinion on it and I
didn't want sayings I didn't want
hurting or upset anyone I just feel that
like and then I read that and she's an
American so I thought well she can say
no but that really is an yeah whatever
you want to see you want a copy quotes
it's on her it's on my facebook there it
is there oh people are liking it Oh
Oh thankfully I have a million of
subscribes so I'm gonna write film a
video for my channel and I can hear all
kinds of noises coming from downstairs
but it's not the usual kind of noises
that I would hear
I believe that my husband-to-be it's
actually cleaning Wow
looks amazing thank you too for it's all
because I had a little mini freakout
yesterday I just freaked out and I was
like
 you the only thing that I don't
like to do and you said that you do it
oh I think you got a little mistake
sorry it was a joke I know oh my god
seriously everybody always leaves
comments like really nice comments being
like I know how did you keep your hair
so clean or how this is never well like
right now it is clean but I have yeah
technically it's clean but it's not like
I hate clutter and like mess so I always
keep it tidy but as for cleaning like
I'm not really the best thank you
because that's the one thing that I just
hate is vacuuming like that's my worst
thing and then I like all kind of other
jobs like I don't really mind that but
vacuuming is just something that I hate
and Jonathan said when we first met he
likes it so that was like our little
unwritten agreement where he would do
the bathroom but he rarely actually does
it so the vacuum is crappy so this
morning I have to empty out the bag it
actually is really I wonder why that's
how you make relationship work folks
compromising helping each other out I do
all the cooking you do do all the
cooking I didn't know cooking even
though most of it comes out the jars I
still doesn't matter you know bite me
with a wholesome meal on a daily
occasion we provide you what I hold some
video and it provides me with a
wholesome meal I buy that on the
wholesome entertainment a none occasion
cleaning cleaning driving oh that is
true you you drive everywhere okay I'm a
provider to providing I don't even know
how I did it I just did it and now I'm
like crappers I'm gonna make a video now
not about my hair a bit like fashion
stuff and I bet I'm gonna get so many
comments being like hair tutorial I'm
gonna be like I don't know how he did it
I just stuck bobby pins in that's
usually what I do and people always
asking for Harry stereos and I'm like do
it 30-second 30-second hair tutorials
goodbye wooden stick in your hair please
yeah but the problem is that I don't
know if I will be able to do this again
like recreate this because I'm just I'm
not a hair stylist at all like I have no
clue what I'm doing I'm sure on my
wedding day I'm just gonna wake up and
really good that's usually what I do so
this little top not the thing that I did
no idea is that like the year-old one
that's been in there for ages oh that's
right do you know what all right
it's like this one yesterday are you
sure are you disgusting okay now we
should speak so lunchtime all done had a
tasty meal tasty coffee
where's you know on for more Springer's
yo i'm not gonna make it happen it is
but had the time of my hand read to
comment oh there you go
hippie from NYC one time Wow nice and
clean my room is you're like wow yeah I
just made a video and it took about 5
million hours
I was I didn't even notice you always
walk here like in today roaches then she
good I'll see you this way this way this
way
Coco Coco Coco e Oh Tommy
yeah see there's never actually walked
Ridge before right he has loads of times
oh you guys hardcore enough to remember
when we used to come here we're living
in doggy and we used to visit mama
Stylites who's am lives pretty much
near here so we would have yeah we'd
always come up here and bring Alvey for
a walk along this one because I brought
a dozen candy which is here not her
friends we brought them along here yeah
well add you guys remember back then but
prehistoric times Precourt Oh fabulous
the rain had the comments comments
diarrhea
I'll be fine now we're taking a shortcut
home a shortcut because of the rain it
cometh so it has been raining for about
two hours now constantly it is not
letting up the question is to get a
pizza delivered or to not get a pizza
delivered to calling ma'am to bake me a
pizza a pizza puffs a pizza pass the pie
and bring it to me
bring it forth for my tom-toms is
calling or do I not do I not do I put on
a raincoat put on some Wellington boots
and get an umbrella travel extensively
outward into the storm
collect some vegetables and their likes
and venture back towards henceforth
position yo or do I get a pizza I make a
call
the man who delivers it boom boom or do
I do all that effort I just don't know
it's a conundrum yo what would you do
would you get the pizza what would you
do the walkies I like to ride my bicycle
and to ride my bicycle I like to ride it
now always someone asked me why is the
syrup still in with the Fant about the
warrant well I don't know we haven't
checked in ages
maybe we should check in zeal only all
speeds up whoa what happens yoga puffy
sharapov find him and win 500 laptops
Wow toughest on incognito who's joined
like am i fine he's a spook a sticky
sugar puff would you like a jumbo would
you like to sample by the Jumbo oats
with the jumbo oats you can't shake that
I can't shake that shake yourself right
yourself oh yeah oh yeah bring it down
bring it down bring it back he's like
funny go honey go funny guy yeah do
something funny he's like oh I'm gonna
do something is like balls over here
comes out in her - time funny guy Pete a
funny guy funny tell me a funny joke
it's really funny rice suppose has
anyone ever bought rice to close I have
never purchased bicycles in my life
are they not just like Rice Krispies Hey
look there he is there they said he's
lost he said he's lost but he's there I
found him
what's that but bean area are you ready
Breck oh no no no do you get slide on it
Islam they actually like think I could
now now we got the nod of No
