now I don't want you all to get jealous
or anything because I know I look so
stunning right now especially with my
little hairstyle I have going on it is
morning time and as you could probably
tell and it's actually a little bit
later Jonathan left a little bit later
today so we were just very very tired I
don't know I think I don't know why
maybe we stayed up too late last night
what we're really tired so this is what
I'm having for my breakfast
as usual nothing different really except
that my coffee cup is considerably large
this morning because I'm just really
tired I need this okay I just need it I
keep telling myself that the coffee cup
is actually not that big because it's
thinner but that's not actually true
that applies to some coffee cups but not
this one this is a regular sized Conoco
with a really long what's called a flute
I don't know and then I have my porridge
with soy milk bananas strawberries and
cinnamon and these strawberries are
amazing this is what they look like
shillings and yes they are sweet that's
exactly right
and it says first Irish strawberry but
they are really good they're the best
that one of course we got these from
Jones because Jones as we've kind of
realized ins it's probably a lot better
than Tesco in terms of like fresh
produce and stuff if you're in Ireland I
don't know about the UK well UK how it's
like Sainsbury's and all that kind of
stuff as well we just go to Sainsbury's
we never really went to Tesco when we
were in England for some reason so
that's my breakfast and yeah just the
same as always
so the internet is down and that's kind
of annoying because my whole works
online and also I need to upload the
vlog because as you know when Jonathan
is in the studio I uploaded blogs so I
can't do that yet and usually I do that
out of it at 12 it's now half
twelve but I think I might go to my
mom's house and try and do it from there
apparently we're being upgraded to
something broadband remember
next-generation broadband yeah and it's
gonna take a couple of hours so and
guess what it's raining outside can you
see that it's all grey and yucky doesn't
even look like it's raining from there
but I assure you it is so I can't take
the dogs for a walk or anything cause
I'm just gonna get drenched but I am
wearing my really cute don't mind stop
there
my really cute ice-skating boots because
they're kind of perfect for the rain so
I'm actually pretty excited about that
because I had forgotten about them
because I had gotten them and then I was
like oh I'll just save them for next
autumn winter but now it's winter again
apparently in Ireland so that's what I'm
wearing today but I'm probably gonna
have to put on tights because it is for
a reason it's like and the dogs are I
was getting ready so they are asleep on
my bed in my makeup room let me show you
your await your so this is what they do
they like sleep on my bed when I'm
getting ready cuz they need to be around
we had all times all the time and they
what Albie likes to do is he likes to
find whatever clothes that I like
accidentally or like throwing onto the
bed
he likes to find that and then dig a
little hole and then make his bed in
those clothes regardless of whether
they're dirty or clean so always up to
and then when I try and take them out
from under him he growls so cute not
right Albie you just want to be on
mommy's clothes not right
he's not right there's no droid and
you're just crazy you're just crazy in
general she doesn't care as much but
like for example they were on those
clothes they also like to sit on my
phone
oh my golly Oh God he thinks for
traveling
why would we be taking a suitcase Tuomas
house my sister Emma's doing new sounds
at the moment so my mom's pick is rough
and then she's gonna come here and maybe
I don't know yet if I'm gonna go to her
house for lunch I'm not really sure
because the internet is back now oh yeah
I forgot to give you guys an update in
turn this back now and so I don't really
need to go in her house but sensei give
me but I kind of want you as well
because I like spending time with my mom
in the last few videos are shots or
whatever it takes I was running this
like a gross lipstick or lip gloss and
I'm sorry for that because it actually
was really gross that's why it took off
I got it from fyf which I usually really
like but they send me this one natural
cold but it's not gold it's like more of
a grey and it's gross just like rewind
back if you want to get a look at how
gross it is because everybody just
doesn't look good on I'm sorry if way
off I love you I that's the only product
that I it's not even the product it's
just the color I don't like so I don't
really like that but I always like their
products I just don't like that anyhow
so I changed my lipstick or lip gloss in
case you notice um so yeah my mom just
left and she is so nice she went
shopping for me which I didn't even
expect it and no she's gonna do that
foot she's asked me when she was in
Tesco if I needed anything
and she got me some coffee which smells
so good we've never gotten this coffee
before it's I don't know how to print up
stuff I never know how to say that
dalian down go Egbert so no anyways so
oh my god if you could smell this if we
had smell-o-vision you could smell it
but smell-o-vision doesn't exist yet but
it will someday I don't know if I should
even tell you but it makes for tenryu
dome but I know all the Italian like
correct pronunciations right and I'll I
will use the correct pronunciations when
I was speaking Italian but not when I'm
speaking English I just think if yours
English who say things with in English
or like was a English speaking accent do
you know what I mean like okay say I'm
saying I would like a croissant I would
not say I would like a croissant in like
a French accent like that's just weird
but if I was asking for it in French
which would be your food tray uncle
speak and play or something I don't know
I did pigeons go I don't remember but
like you'd say it was not even like
should be uncrossed on TV play or
whatever you see who play please yeah I
think it is um you'd say it like that or
in Italian like if I were speaking
Italian the first thing like you know
Barilla if I'm speaking English I don't
say bad ela I don't like suddenly jump
to an Italian accent because that's just
weird I just think that's so it and I
have so many friends that do that like
they you know they'll be talking about I
guess I would by the last office it's
just like what are you even saying like
just me I don't know I'm really weird
like that and my mom and like everybody
else just disagree with me but I just
think it's so weird when people do that
like what's another example let me see
oh yeah okay so tonight I'm cooking
tortellini
right tortellini that's not a toy to me
in Italian but I'm not gonna be like yes
okay tonight I'm I'm just gonna be
cooking don't add any mean me that is so
weird
oh my god or like oh look at this
arrabiata sauce oh look at this I'm
gonna be at our sauce I just think
that's so weird oh my god please talk
about the only one who has like a pet
peeve with that I think it's quite an
American thing though to like for that
to annoy you it's probably wrong but I
don't know I just think it's so weird
people do that so yeah oh my god oh the
Cohens I'm gonna get um so yeah I am
making coffee because my mom brought me
some nice coffee and the other thing
that I wanted to share with you guys is
that we are
we put the addresses and everything onto
the International invitations because
I've sent it all well actually I haven't
sent out all the local ones but or the
you know the Irish ones I still have a
few more but these are the international
ones so there's a few for my relatives
in Italy there's three going to my
family in Italy there's O my brother who
also lives in Italy my other brother who
lives in the US my best friend and one
of my bridesmaids who lives in Holland
and my aunt and cousin who live in
Sweden but they're not like it's not my
blood really and I guess my blood really
cousin obviously because people are
always like oh do you have any
Scandinavian roots because you have
blonde hair and but I don't I wish I did
but I actually don't have nothing
Scandinavian because I love Sweden not
that I've ever been there but I would
love to go to Sweden I'd love to go to
Holland and like all those places but no
I am sadly not Scandinavian oh it's only
me if you remember who I am
did you remember that is happening here
Stephanie maybe got a tail
you're wearing definitely wearing
appropriate shoes for a walking she's
wearing ice skates same to me I would
love it to knew I would canoe over their
shipping lanes can't stop me like no
one's trying to stop you bye thanks for
your comments today my crazy neighbor
and somebody even asked it and I think
my mom why would she probably come down
because sometimes you think like oh my
just overreacting but then most times
she is overreacting because that's what
girls do that's no I wasn't there to
Batgirl because I'd be like hey yo I
don't know I wasn't really dressed for
success though come on guys I'm a little
fat so anymore I'm a Sophie no that's a
feisty handshake if I ever saw one for
family family disputes as being carried
carriage for my his majesty
is huge it's like a massive bunny he
just like wandering across the path just
as we were across like aha he's gone
I know so much bigger feed the animals
I'll be good boy hey lady
hey lady are you skating on tonight can
you do any skating tricks
ah the day costume
things like do they like me would you
like some lemon drizzle like drizzle
hundred lemon cake they do they do
you need to get someone on a someone on
a call that is ridiculous
you need to improve your selection here
so it's not gonna fly I think of my
friend best cake in the entire world
look at this thing oh my goodness look
at chakra do that is have you ever had a
flake celebration cake
it looks amazing also if you're
adjusting here
don't see it all the time the
caterpillar cake they always have sex so
much fun looks like I have so much
funnier than that
that's let's just take you out here oh
he takes okay look at this monster
oh my goodness imagine I think me me and
that cake we'll have a good times
we'd have good times we'd have we'd have
a very good relationship
Oobi you'd be a fast relationship what
oh my god I had to hear folks
pesco sound moldy food breaking news
phone isn't that breaking news so we're
all
we're all on our way outta here yo and
we smell a smell came over us is sent to
the city
what is that scent guys now I can't tell
us what is that scent I smell I must
follow that scent and I must purchase
whenever it is that scent completely to
whatever it is what happened to tight
all right
and that settles she's closed
heartbroken
I know I do you see people like sorry no
don't you now right now I'll be one
second and these guys actually a.m. get
yourself a copy of portal 2 yet it is so
funny it has like a start of it started
off when it's driving around your mom
was like Stephen Merchant is like China
80th it's so funny it's so cool let me
know in there the quality compared to
diem compared to the original portal
this is pretty awesome like I'm gonna
say this is pretty cool I decided to go
ahead and I put it on the PC instead of
the PlayStation because 2015 3 well
there's no one in my room because it's
down and I were you wanna play this but
no one I know is gonna want to play em
portal everyone's gonna want to play
like you know the shooty shooty type the
games so I talked about buy it on Steam
thing you know and that's right have
like port of the original and half-life
himself and you know I won't you play
this online anyway so to protagonist
they say but it's a it's pretty awesome
if you have enough portal to definitely
weren't a look definitely were to look
plus 20 years jeepers I'm at the PC nice
now must get back
subject 105
