good morning it's my time and it's a
first
well it's Tuesday so it's the first week
started week since that - bank holidays
that we just had and I'm fine here
both of us like Jonathan and I are
finding it really difficult because we
just got used to being with each other
for such a long period of time and we
got used to kind of like getting up
later and all that kind of stuff and
today is an early start because
Jonathan's in the studio and he's only
in the studio today and tomorrow so it's
not that bad but it's weird because I
miss him already because I got used to
having him around all the time but
anyway he's gonna come back at like 5:00
or yeah by five o'clock so it's not that
bad he goes in pretty early and then
that means that you can come home early
as well so that's cool so I'm making my
breakfast and I wanted to show you what
I'm having this is my breakfast and I
have this pretty much every morning
it's just Paresh which you can't really
see because it's underneath part with
soy milk and strawberries and banana and
cinnamon that's the brain stuff and then
my coffee is getting made over there and
then I'm gonna go back to bed because
I'm tired now what I usually bring my
breakfast back to bed and then I like
check email and like do all that
responding to comments and questions and
stuff like that that's you - what I do
in the mornings so I hope you're all
having a good Tuesday morning well by
the time you're watching this it's
probably Wednesday but I hope you're
having a good morning or afternoon or
evening whenever you're watching this
video
we're back for walkies and the dogs were
super well-behaved weren't you yeah you
were so good like no monster anyway so
we're back from our walk and I wanted to
blog when I was walking because it's
kind of like a more interesting setting
but I couldn't because it was super
windy and it is actually a lot cold
right but it's not raining which I'm
really thankful for because yesterday I
thought they weren't gonna get a walk
because it was raining all day long but
then who knows really though
but then I took them at like in the
evening time kind of late at night
yesterday or not late at night but like
late in the evening like after dinner
which I don't usually do I usually do it
like during the day when it's bright I
don't also because I'll be can't neither
of them can see very well in the dark so
it's not really fair I want them to
enjoy their walk but I took them out
last night on my own because Johnson had
to edit and of course all the bad things
happen when I'm like on my own without
drama thing like it's so annoying but
anyway I saw I met one of our neighbors
and she has two pugs and she's like one
of the reasons that we moved when we
moved here in the first place because we
met her like last summer it's actually
when we were dating jogging we met her
and we met her on this the walk that we
go to which is kind of near where we
live and she was like oh my god this is
such a nice place and she we only had
Alby at the time and Alby was playing
with the plugs and everything and it was
all cool and then she like ran after us
to get we say goodbye or whatever and
she was trying to convince us to move
here who she said was really perfect for
the dogs and everything and it's a
really nice area and bla bla bla and
that kind of convinced us to move and
then we went and saw this house maybe so
I fell in love with it so but she ran
after us then after we had said goodbye
she got our numbers our phone numbers
and she was like oh we should meet off
or whatever and if you do move let me
know so I think I texted her like once
over the summer but then she was gone
and holidays or something I don't know
it was like kind of weird cuz it's not
gonna weird she was a really nice person
but I'm not the kind of person that
would just meet somebody like once and
then like strike up a friendship with
them like a friendship for me is like a
really long-term thing like that takes
time to build and stuff I just like all
of our neighbors you know I like most of
them and I'm not like friends with them
though you know they're just like
acquaintances so anyway I wasn't really
that motivated to like get in touch with
her anything but I think I thought she
was a nice person and I was like okay
well it's nice to know your neighbors
and to have nice neighbors so that's
fine and then I like never contacted her
or I never text her back or something
but I didn't think was that big of a
deal and then we met her again like in
the wintertime and we still only had
Alby and she was okay like she wasn't
even that she seemed like a little bit
pissed off that I had like text or
anything but she didn't seem that bad
and then she oh yeah she gave me her
number again because I had gotten a
different phone I didn't have her number
anymore but Jonathan had her number
which we didn't know it's kind of
embarrassing so we figured that it
because she called his phone we were
standing there it was all a bit like
okay you're my neighbor like you're not
my friend do you know what I mean like I
probably seventy mean right now but I'm
just pissed off about what happened
yesterday which I'm getting to slowly
but so that was fine and then we left it
pretty cool and then yesterday I was
that with the dogs and I've never met
her with scene out before so scene that
also has never met pugs before and I
have nothing gets pugs I kind of think
folks are really cute but you have to
understand like pugs snort a lot and
they're kind of like a really different
breed of dog so if your puppy has never
met a pub before it they could be
freaked out like when they first meet
him or her and I know their folks like
they're cute and everything they're fine
they're not aggressive at all it was
nothing like that but it was kind of
like raining out last night and it was
kind of dark as well and I could see her
and her fiance like up ahead and then I
saw their pugs and Cena just like had a
freak attack and I don't know why he
should just like freaked out because the
Pug started snorting not like at her
they just started snorting and see and
I'm like freaked it and she started
screaming which she's done with that
like once or twice on waltz if she's
gotten freaked out by like a big dog or
something she does this like like that
kind of thing and it's really like but
it goes on for a really long time and I
like called over to the couple like my
neighbor's not just like it's fine he
didn't do anything wrong she's just
freaking out because she's scared I just
call that over you know and I she didn't
obviously know who I was you shouldn't
see me properly plus I was with two dogs
and she'd never seen me with two and she
just called over and she was like oh she
was like you have nothing to apologize
for it's fine you know cuz I start
apologizing I was like I'm sorry you
know what she just does this when she
gets afraid and whatever and at this
point we're like called me over to each
other and then she's like it's fine
don't worry and then they started
heading towards me at which point she
realizes Who I am and then she just
completely changed that she changed into
a horrible person and it was because she
realized who I want from what I gather
she's pissed off because I didn't call
her or text her anymore of something but
it was so weird and then she like
realized who I was and then she's like
oh I didn't I didn't know it was you cuz
there was two and I was like yeah we got
another one and then she said yeah you
should really tell her not to do that
you should really teach your dog not to
do that it's bad if she does that she's
like what like except I didn't say that
of course I was really nice to her like
why I should teach my dog to not scream
when she's afraid like it she wasn't
doing anything wrong she heard I didn't
attack my dog my dog didn't attack her
dogs scene I just thought afraid seen as
a puppy she's six months yesterday so
she's still really small and like she
just had never met a Pope before and it
started snorting and she didn't know
what was going on so I'm saying I'm like
okay and then I made a joke
cuz scene I was like whoa she was so wet
and I was just like oh she looks kind of
disgusting right now but you know
disgusting she looked cute but I was
just like kind of joking I like messing
right and she and her fiance are just
like uh-huh like I said yeah she does
look disgusting
it's like okay and then I was just
standing there and I should be nice like
trying to be sociable and like just you
know we were just kind of hanging out or
whatever and then she's like if you want
to just move along because otherwise
we'll be here all day I was like what of
course I'm an idiot I'm so nice to
everybody I was just like okay bye it
was so mean like she was so rude to me
and I'm sure people are gonna leave
promising like you're making such a big
deal about nothing but like you had to
be there like she was just so rude to me
like imagine saying that and she had
flipped like she was so nice when she
didn't realize who I was and then she
realized who I was and she just freaked
out she were just not pretty good she
just kind of switched like into another
person and what because they didn't call
you like are we gonna relationship like
this is weird so I was so angry right
that I was so pissed off and like I
thought she was a nice neighbor
certainly annoyed about that and I just
wanted to guys I was actually gonna say
it to you guys on the walk but then I
was - I was gonna show you like work the
crime scene like where it happened and
everything but yeah that just kind of
pissed me off so I don't know what do
you guys think like do you think she was
right or do you think I should have
called her or do you think that she was
completely overreacting which I do I
think she was just really like rude so
anyways how can you guys get your dogs
to tell you that they need to go pee
pees or poo poos because I don't where
do you get it like I don't know how cuz
we've always lived in apartments with
Albie and in the beginning we didn't
have like any we're friends going was
just a baby though like in London so he
would pee go peepees he would be in like
a little litter box kind of thing and we
had like pee pee pads in there and I
always see it's kind of wasteful but it
was our only option because we had to
like keep cleaning it out and like keep
throwing away pee pee pads and we've got
kind of expensive as well but I know for
a fact that if we lived in a house with
a garden and
since definitely thought or not even
grass with just a garden they would
never have accidents in the house
alibies not that bad like he doesn't
really get accents anymore unless well
he was sick the last time so it's that
was white there were a few but normally
it's just her and I know she's six
months so like she's not most puppies
especially excuse me excuse me
that is mine thank you no no don't take
those okay she's still a baby so she's
still kind of like being trained but she
still has mistakes in the house and
that's just so annoying because I don't
know how would you get your dog to tell
you that she wants to go because I'm
freezing my beep off right now in the
house cuz it the temperature has
obviously changed like outside now it
just looks gray and dull see that and
kind of like depressing but never your
change before I would leave the back
door open and shoot go peepees outside
and me only has like a patio kind of
thing so it's not like ideal but and you
have to keep cleaning it but like it's
better than nothing so what am I
supposed to do like I have to leave the
door open otherwise there will be
accidents all over the house because the
house is so big that like I don't know
when she needs to go because she'll like
run downstairs I'm like pee in front of
the door what she always does it's so
annoying so I have the door open but the
thing is it's freezing like look do you
want to go peepees you go pee these
outside ok see I have the door open but
I'm freezing my phone off like it's too
cold for this so I think I'm gonna have
to do something here I'm gonna have to
close a door or something I don't know
it's not gonna fall over if I do that go
go peepees go peepees good girl
dear babies now what yeah I think if I
close that we're gonna Jared deckchair
just discarded
if I close that maybe it's not as bad
but it's just so cold and I just filmed
a video for my channel
yeah I'm freezing so I am having my
lunch now it's lunch time and my big
builder Club it's like ah I'm a manly
builder well there was nothing else left
I'm having a bagel with male chicken
cherry tomatoes and rocket which I've
discovered actually cherry tomatoes and
rocket or not the best thing to put in a
sandwich especially a bagel because it's
got a hole in the middle because
everything just kind of falls of
practices too small so I need to get
like proper big size tomatoes I realized
that while I'm 2,000 J's vlog and I was
just like I know what's out there
because that regular size tomatoes and
regular-sized lettuce but I still I like
the Rockets just don't spills everywhere
anyway and then I've got my coffee which
I don't have any of my like little girly
cups left so I have this big monitor Cup
so that's what I'm having for lunch and
then I'm just gonna take it up with me
because I'm actually gonna edit my video
because usually lets you do what I do
around this time around lunchtime and
the dogs are gonna follow me and then
they're gonna jump all over me and
they're gonna want all my food somebody
asked me how I do like to film more of
me doing like high school toys and stuff
which I never filmed because and then I
got really annoyed cuz people are like
oh you do nothing all day long I do so
much more because I'm at home like
that's why all the kind of household
chores can naturally fall on me because
I'm at home even though I'm working
it's just that I'm at home so it's kind
of expected that I do it not that
Jonathan like expects me to do things
but it's just kind of like it it just
naturally happened myself but anyways a
lot of people were like please fill more
of like household toys and stuff and
like what you do which I would think is
really boring but I know someone
me about my laundry how I do laundry I
only learned how to do laundry like be
really late in life because I was
spoiled like growing up in my mom did
everything for us so when I lived at a
home which was when I laws I want to say
19 but it wasn't it was 20 well yeah I
moved yet for a while and I was 19 but
anyways properly moved out when I was 20
and I did not know how to do laundry at
all and we went for like cuz Johnson
wouldn't really do it or he'd just like
wait for things to get dirty and then do
it whereas I when I was growing up I had
fresh clothes like all the time I just
didn't know where I came from was my mom
and we were living in Bournemouth and we
were like in this horrible little sack
and we like did not have clean clothes
for so long because I did not know how
to do laundry Johnson do it and then he
oh yeah he would do his laundry and not
do mine because one time everything came
out blue
I mean he brings my stuff not his but
that happened and I was like okay why do
I not have any clothes so then he start
doing my laundry and I still never knew
so I did not know how to work a washing
machine or a dryer until we moved to
London which is when I he kind of forced
me to because he stopped doing my
laundry so that I would like be punished
and just have no clean clothes and then
obviously I forget and learned how to do
it so I don't still actually know what
I'm doing I just follow the same rule
that somebody has given me or like
instructions and then I just do the same
thing for like every clothes all I do is
I separate whites as you can see I'm
doing whites right now or like light
colors from dark and I use these this is
actually really cheap this is from Aldi
I think and just a LeMat non-bio I
always use the non-bio just my mom said
that's better and people are asking me
like what fabric softener is I don't
even know what that is like honestly I
have no clue so just put this little
sachet in and oh yeah if it looks like
it's too full it's never too full it's
always been a work don't worry cuz I
always make it way too full and then
you know it always works out so we're
gonna put that on all I know is you just
take it to three turned on that's it
do I know what three means no idea no
clue Street could mean anything but it
works because I just was just trial and
error I just did it one day in a week so
I do that for everything now so that's
how I do laundry and then we don't have
a dryer we only have a washing machine
yeah washing machine so we dried them
here in the sunroom because it's really
sunny well usually and it dries really
quick so they're all the darks as you
can see from last last times wash and
they're all trying and that's how I do
laundry if you don't know how to do
laundry
don't worry and if you're like 19:18
don't worry I was like 21 when I learned
so you're not so bad after all no need
to get so crazy all the time
hmm you could be cam sometimes as well
can't you could you be can could you
becomes money you doing you're biting me
look at this I just brushed her last
night and she's got another Matt T
little maxy on her okay you can't see
now because she's acting crazy but it's
somewhere here I cannot believe it she's
actually really easy to groom and
compare it to lb I'll be get so mad at
like at her age I'll be was like covered
in mats before he even had his first
grooming and she hasn't even had hers
yet it's all me and she she just does
not get as much I don't know she's just
got a different kind of fur don't ya
don't ya
look at your little town so cute
seriously though she's got like where is
the crazy little Matt see that I found
oh here it is
it's right there
anyways they're excited because daddy's
coming coming I'll be dad dad yeah
aren't you excited thank you so excited
you can't see it that way know what you
can't see anyway because your hairs are
so long over your little face not right
she was so bold I left my sandwich on
the bedside table like right here when I
went to do laundry and when I came back
like it was like half eat whoa not
really happy but like she had opened it
up so like the bread the top half was
like kind of like discarded to one side
and then she had taken out competition
when she ate it all
she's so bullet and like scream got her
when I came I was like hey that's
obviously her because it's never Albie
and Albie of course started getting like
really upset he always just like cowards
and like shivers in the corner when
anyone gets given a two but I was the
only angry at her wasn't angry at him
but he still always takes it so
personally don't you know you do you're
so cute and you're so cute thank you
you're so cute
anyways I'm just editing up my video
it's taking me forever because this
computer is so slow and Jonathan's
probably gonna come home soon because
it's like almost 5 o'clock and then I
will have to make dinner yeah you asking
to come in hey hi Cena sucks
hi Cena sucks oh you're such a good girl
aren't you surgical girl
I can never see your face you're just so
cute though look at her face you're so
cute I love you know white diesel
okay nobody's happy no I love you so
much oh I know you bought so much scene
I got a little bit of a fright geez he
was running around playing with her dad
as she's home right now by the way she
was playing cotton and they're playing
with the balloon and then the stupid
gets her fell on top of her
who's the door remember how I opened the
door to have it like not as cold well
the deck chair was just like standing
that on its own and it fell and she
didn't even cry or anything just got
really quiet and she run away with her
tail down so daddy gave her lots of hugs
and kisses and that she's okay she's a
brave little thing so I'm making dinner
and I Kate to say with but we're having
like kind of leftovers from yesterday
because I never went shopping today so
I've gotta go shopping at some other
stuff because we always shop in like
tiny little bits like we never do like a
whole week shop except for when I am
with my mom sometimes when we do face
off so we're having the same zest thing
chicken tikka masala
hey so that's what we're having chicken
tikka masala and then some rice with
that then for dessert boring but um
that's what I'm having some razor
but oh yeah we have these cool eggs have
these eggs marzipan egg the only thing
is that they're covered in dark
chocolate and I hate oh I hate dark
chocolate like Oh what I like marzipan
so I like to take off the outside and
just be concise but Jonathan likes them
so the table is set
I like this candle this is the Yankee
candle hmm and it is vanilla frosting
and it's almost done I think Jonathan
was really hungry when he came home from
work so that's why we're eating a little
bit earlier it's like a quarter sticks
so and then I have my co little
invention here because we don't have an
american-style fridge with the double
doors and the water dispenser thingy the
ice maker I have this nifty little
invention I put my glass of water in the
freezer for about a couple of minutes
before I eat and then it's all oh my god
it gave me such a fright and then it's
all really cold so unlike icy but don't
leave it in too long because then it'll
freeze and the glass will break and you
will be left with a shards of glass in
the freezer
