I kissed a girl and I like they're
they're better than terror sir I'm
petite about me that's right mr. Oliver
cox's why did my cooks it oh yeah oh
yeah oh geez Cena sucks it I'll be
cookies see no such kajaani Larry
oh they're so white and clean after the
beach yesterday I don't know how that
happened besides sometimes magically
cleans them or something but I kiss up
girl I liked it ba-ba-ba-ba-ba fauna mmm
coffee coffee coffee broke up and I you
know waffles up and I know apples i
watch the last two episodes generation
kill good job is a 25 / got pot you just
got firewood actual we are your teepee
with the UH or TV with waffles then my
kids got up try down but that crazy fool
you can talking about I don't know i'll
be i don't know a look at the music he
doesn't know what's going on I don't
know what's going on go to your
schnitzel a little sniffle mm-hmm I want
to the staging area hmm you guys are
there is you know that you guys are
hilarious do you have to just sit on an
infant step just to get one up is that
the order is it hi
that's good very crazy one well guys I
joined formspring game I didn't join it
again I just reactivated my formspring
account you just go over to me logged in
with like would you like to reactivate
your spawn friend go out or not yes our
ward for either sneaking off a friend
and I'm in a funky mood so I'm you know
ask me some farmers on the spring oh
it's just go for me not come for stroke
ground and yoli something light out on
my facebook and just click on the link
or look at the Twitter for your eyes so
much so much things to do look at the
leads from yesterday there's not to
touch it look at this no they're just
like covered in sand let's bring them
outside will dust them off just add all
of the cesky just pop in the band ha I
guess if you just kind of like that's
kind of working
Oh No
let's not put a rein in there we're in
the beach yesterday hello it's crazy
windy when I was anything I was like I
don't know you won't be able to hear
anything well it's more of a visual
treat today rather than inaudible feet
so I better anyway what are you doing
you can't bring that toy outside oh no
obvious but I'm holding I'll be spotted
run upholding he's thinking I second
that usually take that as it only mean
one thing sorry guys i was actually i
was actually just cleaning up ok ok but
you get there Cena but you get there I
kiss a dog and I liked it we're old
tongues and we lit teacher there we
fresh therefore when will my waffles
ever be read my wall pulls up I was like
some roffle something role in to
Ricky is he Zach come on man they've
been up there for like five hours oh
wait turkey minutes she needs an ED to
like I actually know you wanted ed to
learn you're talking about disney songs
and all this in sounds of the exact same
senior verse no I'm from you just
singing she wants an edit or edit or he
wanted ad
come on do it I could be that edit or I
get it and I tour I chopped it might see
it round if I could be uh get it for I
loved her from the scenes heist out so I
quit but I fall and I call and I could
be what it be for a small boy and then
you go no I'm not doing it if you
weren't filming it doable don't feel me
right now hey I'm in a mess oh oh oh
stop whoa where are you going what are
you doing so may the first first day of
summer summer sucks summer's over ended
before it even begun it's like the first
thing is somewhere and it rains and has
the first stage running in ages I don't
know but this summer think want my money
back I just had the best meal of my
entire adult life I just had the best
thumbprint cookie in my life where's the
thumbprint show me a thumbprint what's
name in the blood anyway anyway Amy not
need Jake I think you might have to
spell that e mmm i na li e bt bi CH dot
blog spot.com you wouldn't think of
something a little bit less complicated
would you like baking comp for something
is already taken from probably his isn't
an RV oh don't we want the recipe for
Dean have you got it open there of it
Emma oh don't you slow
windows slow to start up slow to load
and slow to work your programs if you
want to slow computer experience windows
sorry mr. gates ing usually windows I
like windows 7 07 this point quick off
the mark it was so fitted on you is that
the fire brown one of those phantom bran
what was that the cat food no what is it
what is it I put it in the cat that
can't fly haha let's cover unni's no you
keep it right on otherwise it was that
hi my name is Bob white professor Popeye
you have to do this way to look into
really ugly we have to go you can't just
go like be really cool about it good
like you were wait a minute all these
years my daddy's do this kind of like he
do it he thought made the harder he did
to him gonna know and getting it on oh
yeah yeah no he used to always take my
10 wonky eye uh-huh quite good
exterminate exterminate if you watch it
between your cheekbone and your brow
bone not big idea Hunnam cuz this is
actually kind of dirty yeah a bad fair
skin yeah site I can't move my hot sauce
oh my sister just texted me there her
her husband's grandfather passed away
yesterday it was 106 years old was
actually the oldest man in Ireland not
crazy 106 years old and that is a long
life and first note that Michael
Fitzsimmons think it before it was and
she said that he's going to be in the
paper tomorrow so then you guys did not
only a microfiche Lyman's any guys
Fitzsimmons conejo your feelings 106
wowzers that's a long time oh my god so
we went down to the local petrol station
which has just turned into like a
massive store this is crazy isn't it I
thought I was actually like a mirror
something I was like walking up but like
this this is real is it real wow this is
so cool it's not much not much available
but huh it's so simple cool
are we getting something number the comb
crumbs none did a crumb did a munch lip
balm balm Roman de de creme de menthe to
the bomb bomb we're gonna do next week
there's not by golly two weekends in a
row and a bank holiday weekend here like
today is like Saturday night because
tomorrow by Holiday Monday so next week
I'm gonna be all like I'm gonna do no
bank holiday I could just sit to that
how about just into bank holidays what
are we getting are we doing how are we
doing it I'd like to plant rice rush
rush I do like the crazy circus yo happy
faces crazy circus hmm computer says no
say no I say no girl although she's
someone tweeted me I'm she gone and she
got this male or a thing I think it's
like a working on orders but it was
called Beachbody he came to me and pick
her she was like and check out what I
got in to post it was like the beach
party I was like oh no second you can
just mail order a peach body what am i
doing all this work for did you see that
tweet no who's that beach body she got
mail order yeah yeah with something
called the beach body looks like what
all my work is for nothing
