I'm gonna get his present stuff free I
need to somehow put it on this table be
careful I don't want you to pop it and
get afraid okay balloons is probably not
the best option for dogs but it's good
for the humans can you get down now
gonna help me even certain wish uh-huh
where you go have to sing everybody okay
you ready you guys go ahead sing we're
gonna sing happy birthday
oh look at this spread come on the coast
in the head just for a minute but you
get a B what is it
well I've got it
okay we think I'm holding the bed with
us what's in there what's in there
what's in there what's in there is it a
toy he's gonna talk for this anyway
happy happy
you toy that's pretty hot there's Joe
Lazo Joe Foster
hello partner Joe is due fossil aq2
father
now I can do water running late but I
told my mom actually we're gonna do more
like to just sakes you know the party
early those kids parties usually two to
six but now I don't think we're gonna be
ready for to a body shop event
I'm really excited actually I love the
body shop and I keep getting invited to
events in we keep being invited to body
shop events in Dublin and I can never go
because like it's always too short
notice or we just can't get up there cuz
if Jonathan's work and stuff like that
driving along in my automobile my baby
beside me I do we're I stole the kiss of
the turn of a mile my curiosity is going
wild
cruising I'm playing my radio no but to
kill of leaves to go it is a super super
sunny day in Southern Ireland and it's
surprisingly super duper yeah yeah okay
doubts are us just we get out of the
about disasters so shopping for the
kitty party which actually no kids are
attending this is the kitty party yes no
children that's kitty party ever
correlated they have to each session
let's see if they've got cuz ya'll you
don't like feet you got yo cuz I can't
Chris I'm like the sausage it and it
already this is the best party ever
it is tricky to find the right cake you
know like these are cool but they're all
like broken up like every single one of
them it just sucks you know innocent
toffee banoffee you look for nothing
everyone loves toffee banoffee and I
won't be having any cake anyway so I
think it's perfect perfect shape what if
I have one of these melting metal
chocolates burning pride
okay let's go let's go get sausages
cookie dough cookie dough / all packed
up all ready to go Cena has got Cena's
life has changed
yes he know what you got I won't disturb
her because she's having the time of her
life it's not as in - he's gonna
roommate can I have this can I have this
thing here it's disgusting it's
disgusting it's all like melted or
something he's taking it away I'm sorry
oh I'm sorry I make it fun that's very
tricky oh yeah that carrot cake not for
me not for me so do we got a line and
elephants a crazy circus isn't this look
just like a kids party this is hilarious
and the balloons everywhere as well the
kids are playing their two toys
yesterday I was blogging and I was like
now I got all this stuff but I didn't
get a card because I thought a cardigan
step too far I'm sure people are
watching them really yeah you took a
step too far along for the card okay
yeah you say happy birthday Dalvi yeah
okay you know let's help airport
oh I see
can I see ah true Holderman
a Gruffalo Oh below
Toby's come no actually that's hers
Oh what she learned oh my god get up now
yes here in your teepee a cookie monster
doggy all right oh what's this oh let's
give that a go
damn it Lauren you made a big can you
make one are you sweating me oh no I see
you see it's not easy it's this trick
it's trick it anything
oh look at that one okay okay don't move
we're open the air Oh Cena
Oh Cherokee well that's a big one oh
well then show me a big one they seem
big do you need a bigger like holy thing
or something whoa whoa whoa whoa amazing
do that again
I can't oh that's pretty big though oh
my
look at that it's got like two beds
doesn't it
how did you catch it Oh could you do
that
oh no way that isn't crazy
that is massive how did you do that
how's that even possible look at a side
of it to my head and she makes me so big
all right sorry sighs big now we've seen
we've smart
ah no whoa that one's crazy and then air
into it whoa this is the best present
ever
that's a huge awesome all right this
should be alright or my head I know the
best birthday party ever the best party
you've ever been to supposed to be
hydron
so many bones worked oh yeah all right
but you've trying to eat them all as
fast as you can for every finger go one
ah you're boring these are amazing
Jacobs circus crazies all right cool
crackers look
Oh
we're going to get some healthy num nums
recusal back oh yeah so you must be
getting some howdy Ricky's ensnared I'm
gonna bring her for a healthy meal a
happy healthy and I did I'm playing with
the bubbles and I managed to dribble all
over myself but you know I hope you have
some sort of a healthy salad or
something
what do you want you know what I'm
getting Erika Erika Erika you always
talk to me I am going for the chicken
legend salsa flourish meal cheese burger
bar cheeseburger I gotta go
double cheeseburger meal don't fries in
a drink tasty fries do you remember that
okay
rollin rollin rollin hi we're going to
have some num-num-num-num-num the month
I'm gonna watch some Generation Kill
hooked hooked on it
I tell you got the box after sitting
down write myself a letter watch the
first one hooked took me ages finally
get a chance to watch it watch the
second one and it's heard one gonna
class that guy you always have to watch
the no set of like I'm army show film
things you know it's like finding the
brothers or something I you know except
it's in it's in Iraq but it's a oh you
always have like two five two two four
over actual actual killer this got fight
or two got fighter tree and it is not
appreciated does not appreciate my my
radio chatter gonna chat down shout out
I loves it Erica buyer doesn't like
writer I think it's really good though
I'm trying to I'm trying to just get to
it parents it I'm trying just you know
New Zealand's always the newlyweds
boxset I bought out of the entire box
set of the newlyweds do you love it
you're joining it's like a hair or
something is it an eyeball and I sat in
the Sun for ages today I'm loving it
loving it but up up up the carnage Olas
ciccone jealous Erica and Hana
Jonathan Angeles what what ohh
