Coffee major thingy doggies need some
loving dog it's love the donkey one
donkey - oh what's the man in the middle
for both of you
mm-hmm I love you guys we are getting
you guys captain we must get you cut
we must get you got we my Scituate good
boy boy long few days long few days now
I doubt me Oh No yourself funny
here's a funny one she's such a funny
funny the boss where's mommy okay
sleepyhead sleep my Google Google must
be on my travels must be on my travels
yeah yeah Norma Bub's okay hopefully it
affect people all right I was popping a
bit weird and there's like girls like
blood all right was it this is kind of
blood we don't want to call it black and
I think it's bone a little bit like
swollen our sore are you sure like look
then then I was trying to do I think
we're um Express the gland because
squeezing it I'm pulling out all the
residue like spit that all the poo and
stuff this is see was that kind of like
upsetting or something
but I'm I'm not sure and we're thinking
about maybe stuck to the backs and stuff
we see not bad and Alec he was fine he
didn't really care
he just his poo-poos but I was watching
this morning like that tightening at
Pune and I was like what seems okay like
it's fine okay it's his birthday
tomorrow when this plug goes up it'll be
obvious birthday birthday tomorrow
Harvey yeah or tomorrow yeah fancy it's
one I'm sorry guys dancing it to
tomorrow boy have you fixed I'm gonna
try and get your haircut oh I want to go
to barbers this one walking off the
street yeah yo cut me yo come here want
to see the glamorous life of a mommy I
just got up and it probably looked like
poo but I am actually cleaning up poo
that is my job right now because I'll be
if you already heard with a little bit
sicky we don't run you know I think
maybe he ate something so I had the
fridge you think maybe he ate something
weird maybe on the farm on Sunday
because that was the only time that like
he was unsupervised we really didn't
know what he was getting up to and while
it was all fun and games I think he may
have eaten something that was bad
because his poop has been kind of runny
and a healthy poop is not a runny poop
that's kind of common sense a healthy
poop for a dog should be like we need
hard and dry that's what we were told
like in the beginning and that's how
these poop has been like pretty much all
the time unless he eats something like
if he eats something human food or
something that he's not really supposed
to be eating like if he gets too much
chicken or too much like Sakuni scraps
then his
poop goes a bit runny but this time
there was like fresh drops of blood in
his poop and I was freaking out like
this was so scary to me it was kind of
like there was a bit of like mucus in
there as well and we think it might lose
his anal gland this is really gross so
if you don't you don't like this kind of
stuff then just fast-forward or
something we think of Mike because his
anal glands needed to be expressed which
basically means cleaned out and our old
groomer you should do it but then the
groomer that we had been going to import
never did that so I think that's
probably what it was it's nothing like
abnormal it's totally normal
it's just like dogs need to have this
done they need to have their anal glands
and get out I think it happened last
night I think Jonathan did it last night
and then since this morning he's been ok
and he's been pooping normal ok so I
happened again and so obviously I will
have to bring all the way to the vet
because he pooped blood again ok oh wait
I'm sorry Alfie I'm sorry
and he did it inside the house which is
I think that's part of the reason why
he's kind of quiet right now because he
was making through the door and then he
pooped like right there because he
didn't get in there on time he did do a
solid one this morning his Johnson told
me so I'm gonna bring him to the vet
anyways just to check him out because I
thought it was over with but obviously
it's not I'm waiting for my mom to pick
me up because we are going to the vet
and I'm gonna be honest I'm really
scared I don't like going to say that at
all
I don't want anything bad to happen to
Alawis so I'm really nervous right now
I'm I wish Jonathan was here cuz I don't
deal really one hitch but you can
probably tell so I'm sure it's nothing
and
keeps telling me it's just something
small but I lose my baby
so I can't help it I'm just really
scared I hate going to the vets
especially on my own well luckily I'm
not gonna be on my own I thought it was
gonna be on my own thank God my mom was
coming with me cuz I always I would just
be a wreck and that's not good because
you don't want to be a wreckin friend of
the dog hood they feed off of your
energy so he's sleeping over there if I
don't want him to see me upset that's
the one thing that the vet told us when
he came out after he had his eye
operation was not to let him see you
upset because that would make him upset
so that's what I'm trying to do so my
mom is gonna come with me
thank God and what for a while there I
thought she couldn't because she had to
bring my sisters don't worry boy I mean
I can walk there but I just I think I'm
too much of a mess to even walk anywhere
right now
plus I have two dogs and one of them is
sick obviously I don't know I think
Albie is okay like like I said he was
flying before but I don't know he's
sleeping now and I'm not actually sure
how he is because usually this is his
quiet time anyway like he's not usually
he's not that kind of dog it's not like
seeing her so I don't really even know
if what what he's like right now um he's
just sleeping well I'll see obviously
when I get him start to get him ready
and everything feel like his alert when
I take out his harness and a lot but I'm
just really scared and I hate going to
the vet so much like you have no idea I
really hate going and I know it even if
it's just for a smaller checkup or
something that's not so bad but when
there's something wrong I can handle it
but due to our Fox lumberjack or
financial stresses you know something
was here so I'll be is fine he has the
little infection in his bum bum but he's
fine and he got some medicine and now
he's minding the house with Cena and
Cena I got her last injection meeting
and she was really good she didn't even
scream or anything I'll be used to
scream and then the vet checked
everything and he was fine it's just
like it's completely normal and then he
expressed his anal glands and it stank
so bad so I had to change my top because
instead of like stings like fake
anyhow they're going to mine point and I
think I might
his birthday and I told the vet probably
thought I was really weird but I told
him that it's out of his birthday
tomorrow and he turns to me how that was
really cute I didn't tell him that we
were having a puppy party however but oh
yeah that's Jonathan trying to find out
what what happened so I better just him
back so everything's fine out he's fine
and he was really good about everything
so oh this is his medicine by the way he
already took two he has to take two a
day but today he took two already in one
go and then tomorrow he does like one
morning one amazing so got some wrapping
paper because that's the whole point
all birthdays is not something they're
gonna have special it's not the number
two on it because I'll be two today I
mean tomorrow
well yeah today well you're watching it
candle we might want to blow out this
week handle oh look at this toy toy
look at that toy sleek hey you can't see
it yeah it's surprise for tomorrow and
look I got everything seemed excited
wrapping paper
it's by a cop my Bluenose friends and
then I got everything might be you know
is friends tablecloth I got some napkins
which don't mind that they're pink but
didn't have any blue so I got them in
pink what I don't think he's gonna mind
oh yeah are you gonna mind I also got
some plates again so mommy didn't know
so you wash up tomorrow
not that there's any one who's special
well it's not no one special coming but
it's just my mom and my sisters like
there's no other puppies coming or
anything like that but I wanted to make
it special for al because he is turning
two and two is a milestone okay I was
gonna get him a card but then I was like
I actually stopped myself and I was just
like no I'm not getting Macari that's
ridiculous
present in all this the presence of
course is for him and you got the
wrapping paper it's pretty important
because the whole excitement for him is
to unwrap the present I knitted up
balloons and actually the balloons will
be fun for them as well and everything
else is just kind of more for us but
cart is a little bit excessive I think
in my doing lb thank you to base
I know hello you know he looks so cute
now let me go home let me go home so
everybody else is asleep upstairs
they're honest with me
it is 6:42 almost done I'm gonna make
dinner and tonight I am cooking Mexican
food
just do it Mexican food this is what I
can do they go like this no they don't
so we're gonna need some chicken some
thank you Joe sauce guys I'm too much of
it lazy bum tomato sauce would you like
a green pepper is pretty small
disappointing
then on top of that what's underneath so
she does I mean what tortillas that's
what we're going
now it's not super hurt but you want to
keep an eye on that especially if it's
on a high you see how it's browning at
the edges it's just about done so we can
put in our pepper to make sure it's all
broken up because we don't want any big
chunk of rubies in
and system only put two people so it's
not gonna be like have fun but you want
to just try that on like a little high
seat because well I like to my peppers
to be crunchy
and then you don't waste this so take a
little bit of hot water or like not hot
one
yeah well is that I just put everything
in a bowl with two spoons so you can
chair and you don't have to wait the
other person when you're ruining your
day and then these are nice and brown
and kind of around I noticed that and I
was thinking to myself that's pretty
good yeah soft and everything and the
candle is lit that is how you prepare a
meal when you don't know how to cook
anyway you hate cooking
what do you think cheers buddy it's a
good yes
