she upstairs she upstairs come on guys
let's get Erica it's girls let's go get
her she might be doing her peepees Kate
hey that's my room
guys this is my room what are you doing
in my room
yeah come on guys wanna see my old room
it's kind of messy now though cuz a lot
of people have stayed here since that
was my bed I used to have a lot more
cards and posters up it's kind of
lopsided um hold a lot of junk Mean
Girls Marlin Al Pacino 1 Marilyn and
this was like my little studio but it's
kind of messy now cuz um yeah oh and
look all my toys
that's cute yeah my old room and look my
Disney clock you Disney Princess stuff
where's their God
are you that good it was kind on yeah
I'm not feeling your face Erica's not
ready yet she's like God not really late
so I won't film her face I didn't film
your face
where's lb oh I'll be what were you
doing what you doing can we go down
you go down it's almost lunchtime by the
way okay we're eating outside because
it's really really nice today
it just got really nice it actually
wasn't it wasn't this sunny earlier but
now it is so we're having your our lunch
outside and this is what we're eating
there's Erica hmm my mom made a really
nice salad and we went shopping her ear
so we got lots of stuff and the doggies
are over there Cena is being so bold she
keeps going for the bread peanut no nope
bold its bread that's left out for the
birds but it's all like dirty and she
keeps going for it as if she doesn't get
fed enough at home Sina stay here look
at her she's going on as my grandmother
would say this is the life of Riley Oh
check out our new bed I need chair share
a bed
oh my again that's like you just fall
asleep here I probably like go burn to a
crisp but it is just so tasty it is so
tasty I'm comfortable
ah hello car song and take two it takes
two baby just me when you're high um
hello you're on holidays like um coolant
sitar - that's a de Torres though my
Juelz both Irish over here with Niall
arias
a Juniper dose cocktail bitter Thank You
Shawn my name is hasta luego
buongiorno Avanti Romeo pasta tutti
fruitti
on a Ducati Lamborghini okay look we
need link renaming winner pesto ciabatta
shaba daba da again well I transfer in
Italian as a toast in muttering you know
about the Aqua Libre has to an aqua
digestion
vielen dank grossa don't sing
no no music you to do new a new iPod Row
2 & 4 we have duo cafe Oh moon
Milko fit oh thank a solo concert are
two tonic made on Co Ponte do you do a
vagina dwell
who taught my father how I kill you can
Italian oh no way
Dre's no play
what's wrong tre fractal or D Quattro
car dad
chinko gentle slow Carlin's five six
say say say cuento septic for Toyota
Alfa Romeo Maserati you can perceive a
monster I got Jonathan present with my
mom and it's something that I know how
good it is see that limited edition that
means it's for special and it's all cold
from in your fridge result so I'm gonna
give it to you right now so close
because he likes yogurt
you ready for your treat I hold up my
hands yeah look they heard the word
treat so they're coming take it I know
do you like it I do if I don't either
now
oh I said you wanted oh that's not a
snack that's a fun time okay one hands
aren't snack children but it's usually
vanilla LD oh it's healthy and a treat
at the same time
live cultures inside streptococcus
thermophilus that's my pen I am the most
hungry person in the world that is all
because um the university was like
closed down today do you guys watch out
and I'm just open this up and see ya
this app my I joke this channel just
mean our drove hours because I make
video is here like during the day I
directly upload them it looks pretty
much the same as the other channel but
there is stuff here that I just kind of
plop up but I'm just like off my phone
just like hanging about Joe but today I
went over to the University and the
universe is like empty was like a big
there's nothing there who's knowing
around I thought I was already good
funny I was like it was funny until I
realized that nothing was open and I was
going to starve to death so all I got
was soup all I got was soup in the
super-expensive cafe thing down the road
and it was super expensive and it was
super tasty so this two supers kind of
crossed each other a light on however
and across the circle fingers like a
crazy cross finger across her back in
the garden oozes did it come with a
little bit I used this time well you put
the entire glass into the freezer it's a
slow process in my mom says she has one
of these fridges that has an ice machine
built into it seems like you guys were
so jealous of that so we figured out
this way now it's a bit slower it takes
a lot longer takes about an hour to
produce the same no I don't drop my body
once what my body I'm good to pitch my
body was one to be with my body father
did he touch my body you want my body I
did
she doesn't see this is the shower
yesterday it was so funny
I see that and I like crept in to see
what he was doing
having movement system I got it my body
looks like oh my got another swing on it
for a while and then I just could not
keep it in because the echo in the
bathroom when you say Barnack get into
the shower tonight or I didn't say body
let's touch my body don't you want to be
with my father body touch my body it's
just like something about the party say
that exact way don't be like body my
body or spy on your friend if you know
your friend have just watched this right
then wait till later and spy on them and
savoring the shower the body took my
body and then just break in the door
don't worry about the consequences give
him a quick high five and say yo faster
says hi
slap PS I like your body but eh but eh
but eh funny you know here in Tesco you
see like a good offer you see from afar
it's always like the 19th cent party you
see always see like the lower part you
never see like the big number you're
standing over here what stands out at
you it's like oh my goodness it's 19
cent
oh no it's 150 it's 19 cent
you always think like what I think I was
born in but I gonna look like it's me
buying it's like owner it's 19 cent off
it's actually 42 million euros Wow isn't
much of a body look it's like oh my
goodness 50 cent
I played this game all day long every
cent well actually 70 cent to hero isn't
too bad
doesn't do bad at all well my goodness
guys did you know that actually test
over my on point have removed himself
from the eurozone they're actually back
in the pounds owned as you can see here
one-pound 45 P so I don't know do you
know pseudonym at to yourself so we're
gonna have to figure out how much that
is in Euros but then they've come back
to the pound sign which is odd odd once
I say I think we're still inside the
European European community maybe maybe
we've been extradited about that here
that's just that one is it uh 145
one-pound 45 pence no one-pound
important I don't have any pounds or
pence do you when your parents are pants
these dime euros do you think that a
Levite would like this this crazy big
bone it's too big it's too big in that
because we want to get him something for
his birthday that he's kind of already
had before
you know this is fresh rats rolls
no I like his little smell
I know that a pig's ear though you know
you feel a bit weird having it because
they you know they sleep in the bed you
know like so I just don't know if I feel
like I'm gonna pig's ear this is huge
it's huge don't venture you know joined
care
these ones like for many Jumbo's
it's hard and then their whose we got
him a cash a pet town
no the small dog sensitive to get
anything I think we should get him a
goldfish I am I am my godson Dylan got a
goldfish recently I think that I'll be
really like a goldfish
