I had an evil plan and I think it may
have worked Jonathan wanted to go like
ages ago to upload the video all right
Jonathan wanted to go ages ago top of
the video yo yo yo
in my mom's house mama stand is Harris
cuz the internet connection ace is
actually now so it's very special so
it's very long okay we're actually
supposed to be feeding the cats but we
have failed because we were away all
weekend so the cats started to do that
just kidding yeah they didn't actually
die so now we're on our way to feed them
today today is Monday and we are also
going to upload the vlog at E but my
little plan was that I was gonna take a
really long time and by the time that
getting ready and by the time that we
gonna go there that my family will be
back because I miss my family because I
didn't get to see them at Easter and
Jonathan doesn't understand somebody
called a wambulance
picks to see you I'll be
he did this such a cute thing last night
to Jonathan Jonathan was eating num nums
yeah chicken or something and I'll be
can't we were in bed because we were
likes Maisie we were eating in bed and
we came up to him and he just went like
cuz normally seen it like this close
either yes Jen I was waiting there for
ages like waiting not even really
begging just waiting there like and then
he could tell that his dad was getting
to the last bite and then suddenly I
hope he just goes really really gently I
so don't the Mets give us something it
was so cute little things like I realize
me they're almost finished there yeah I
was hoping maybe I could just have a
small look where he's been it's his new
thing now who's kind of dangerous though
same does if you break oh no too
dangerous he just liked being on toddler
just like oh yeah he part you're kind of
in the way of everybody I think it's
better if you just maybe go back
probably anyhow so that's what we're
doing so I know it's filthy i watch the
car and I came home and that's filthy
well because there was all flies like
yesterday I saw
daddy longlegs and flies up to the front
of the cart as we had gotten it washed
so it's all like me
and then we went on a long car journey
in the dark so all the flies got stuck
he has my plan may work but I actually
don't know if my plan work because my
mom and my sisters may be not coming I
may not be coming until like this
evening like I have no idea my mom
drives a lot slower than Jonathan
that's a fingers crossed all right
that's like they do a lefty right anyway
so we're gonna see my mom hopefully
that's a proper think I don't know what
you
you can't bend your finger all the way
depend so much you do it I can't do
everyone can you lift Bangla Vosburgh
know they can't someone I know can't
can't member who it is idiot and so I do
we you just did their event in us
- don't go like that my baby's on the
piano he plays he got stretchy fingers
or maybe it's because you have troubled
little stubby thing hey you know I have
chubby snubby fingers you do you're a
beggar chubby snubby bond you know
chubby in there still
okay see now you wanna okay okay I see
this ending badly now you want to stay
in there no miss you miss you I have no
idea always honor your pardon yep
mmm-hmm
look I can see myself well you don't you
never miss anyone's mommy
I'm actually doing a pretty good job
pretty swell job if I say so myself I
don't make it all streaky like this
mighty smart hello
I do love you I know I have doggies as
well but I do love you too could you
draw so cute Hey
say hi to the camera show your lovely
face we brought we brought smudge to the
vet one time and all the people at the
vets
remember they all were just like laughs
not laughing I don't but like just
laughing I hope because he's so cute his
eyes were so big and round and he was so
scared and he was just like look at him
oh but I'm when his eyes go really big
like in the dark and stuff it's so cute
and all like every time like one of the
people like it where do they call nurses
yeah well no nothing the vet with the
actual nurses that were at the reception
they would just like look into his crate
and start laughing because he was so you
just look so um what do you love do so
much smudgey who's hungie woods
it's much
you pray he's such a cute cat
he was my no actually one of my first
campers my first cat here when we lived
here my first cat was snippy Sophie
but that wasn't involved tomorrow you
came in one day when I was in the toilet
came in the window when I was on the
toilet
did you know that smudgy he came in one
day when I was in the toilet in the
window
yeah yes you did you just came in for so
don't wait notice roid
do you miss my mom my mommy but you miss
your food huh I miss your foodies he's
big he's bigger than I'll be - it's
bigger than I'll be he weighs more than
I'll be don't you would you like the
chocolate
actually no he likes the tuna and any
kind of food he likes the num-nums now
right smudgy big fatso
you finished moxie freezing so much that
I'm probably gonna catch a cold
this place doesn't even care you don't
even care you don't even care cuz it
doesn't pertain to you don't oh you
scared over see look his eyes were fake
there oh look at his little paw it's
what she she can't she can't she can't
you have no idea what I'm saying to you
I once tied a red ribbon around his neck
he can't come in this way though cuz
he's not allowed in the rest of the
house because seven Laird
she made seven Kate you know that's if
you're getting the full effect here and
it is amazing it was the most amazing
thing I couldn't get it for look at the
colors for her brother's birthday is
moisty ke we supposed to know this
are you the blood catcher - don't eat so
fast oh it's gonna be a poacher it's
from the pond it's for cleaning the
ponds
clean we got there hi smokey hey don't
blow this joint
avi what's your friend who's your friend
who's your friend your friend hey jogo
good time ago we know why not that's
what yeah everybody stir okay you're a
nut does Mike javis get in the car
bye Erica what have you done
