good happy morning Easter to you get
happy morning Easter to you I am making
some jewel photo and I hate this I hate
me again copy this way let's take the
little plunger thing you like slowly
slowly very slowly slide it down in
order to get off the coffee yet I do not
like this technique I'll tell you I do
like the fun cups
hate to say this because sometimes you
get like remnants of little coffee
things I miss my machine but we are
going home Leos today after we go to my
aunt's farm because I come to a farm a
traditional Irish farm in County Wicklow
oh yeah okay chickens and horses and all
talk to malarkey oh right let's see if
this act see this contraption worked
look around let's cook first get it
worked and then and it could be any
remnants in here oh ok ok their
conversation get you don't worry about
I'm sorry I'm really sorry that happened
let me just check first no condensation
now coffee
remanent stuff at the bottom I don't
know no proven thing right let's bring
Nina her coffee
let's bring me my mic off me let's bring
in on her top seed well super it's late
to get the blood it is done because of
the couple that happened yesterday what
a messy oh what a crazy time are you
decent
are you a decent person why are you
wearing my jeans again look actually
wearing like my boyfriend by me beyond a
border
wideout for the girl at the white nogs
okay come come come come
you come with me guys no crazy world
what's the first thing that pops in your
head if someone says she crazy world
person pops into my head is Aslan how
can I protect you
Oh Oh is he as not live there no why I
love outside they're so cool
they're so firing by stream you probably
guess the kind of music that I love
based on the songs that I sing I love
Mad Men guitars and passion oh come on
man guitar is passion it helps me lose
them so Anna said girls synthesizers and
dance machines
that's judo voice yeah yeah that
definitely helps Hey look at that I've
never even noticed this and my mom says
what is that it's huge and you guys like
Chinese or Japanese or whatever that is
can you do you know this symbolic nature
of this does that mean this it all means
it's ginormous like it's ginormous
it's a ginormous thing to have in your
house hey guys what's going on hey love
the garden do you guys love the garden
huh
do you guys love playing outside yeah
yeah you love it love it
she's so excited you're so excited yes I
don't go to a farm always being there
before of Cena but you've never been to
the farm before it's kind of crazy we
actually have a video called
he's like wandering Wicklow we made that
video this day last year because that
was when I wasn't a brother but I was
making like little vlogs oh nice play
wrong I was making like little vlogs and
stuff
mm-hmm me I am Anna and I was and we
actually saw it last night oh my god I
was a year ago which means that like
we're actually like close I suppose like
where I know what this is right now but
315 or something like that like 365 is
the obviously the year but mm-hmm
when you start seeing the vlogs that
were patented of like who ain't it
because my grandmother's birthday today
she's like a hundred million years old
and and it was like we went there last
year you know and it was like the horse
and we're like I you know and I knew he
would watch him like oh my god like I'm
so much better at vlogging like you're
so much better than a filament what you
say how you do it hey edit it you know
what I suppose like that's the years
experience like we're almost out of year
you know because you can start to see
like if you go back to the flu so prior
to when we started a toboggan you'll see
things that are up this date last year
it's like a Cena Easter time is Easter
time is it Easter
it's Easter Happy Easter ah did you get
it Easter egg do you see it Easter Bunny
first bunny is it Easter Bunny I don't
feel like it's easier though it's really
weird it's like usually at this time
actually way before now I would have had
an Easter egg hunt in my garden and
today of course I'm not with my family
but this is the first Easter I've ever
been without my family like I've had
other holidays without my family before
but Easter is just always been and it's
not even like a favorite holiday of mine
but it's just always being spent with my
family so it's really weird for me
so it's just cuz we're on the road and
everything you know yeah I probably will
feel more like Easter when we go to
Jonathan's aunt's house hopefully it
will cuz I feel like I need some Easter
chocolate and yeah I think it should be
okay but it just feels like
just any other day right now because I
don't know there's no Easter egg hunt
there's no Easter eggs there's no egg
painting but I'm not sad about it I'm
just like hmm this is kind of weird this
is kind of different
so it's cleanup time because it is our
last day here and after this we're gonna
go home so um of course me being the
perfect wife to be I did all the washing
up see doll washed up and I don't mind
those Pizza ho but they're gonna go away
and then Jonathan is being the manly man
that he is and he's putting the beds
back separate because we slept in the
twin room so he's just putting all the
furniture back where it was and that's
pretty much it I also I don't know if I
showed you guys properly yesterday I
didn't get a chance to but this is what
tie seal on my illustrator made me look
how cool that is it's a necklace but it
kind of looks like a scarf and I cannot
wait to wear it just doesn't really go
with what I have like right now I only
have like two outfits with me and today
I'm actually gonna be changing into a
skirt because it's Easter and I look
nice on Easter so I'm gonna do like a
proper kind of review thing on my blog
and everything but they have this
company called tangerina
and well I'll put all the information on
my blog what they make those necklaces
and casillas brazilian i'm not sure
about her friend Karolina but anyways
they make really cool stuff so I'm gonna
definitely put this on my blog and take
pictures of it because I think this is
so cool like I actually hold on
see it's like a necklace that keeps you
warm at the same time and you can take
the flour off and it's all made from
Brazilian cotton she said so it's like a
jersey material super cool hopefully
Jonathan doesn't edit all this out it's
too girly sometimes he said there's logs
on the style and I hate channel this
comfy in the daily vlog and he really
does talk about yeah he talks like an
old crone when hit angry so let's go
clean
I think I need to brush them as well
they're kind of looking a little scruffy
so and we were going to go to the beach
today but I don't think we're gonna have
time it's off we go they're so tiny
though you're throwing more stones in
there than anything else
it's just easier to maintain pootrap
khan's
careful do you think the ninja pool guys
they actually realize this looks really
nice with this outfit the necklace does
i didn't kind of think of it before but
it actually looks pretty good
it's just that I'm changing into a skirt
later on and some more formal kind of
luck but now it looks really cool I love
this it's like a necklace yeah there's a
word that the word
well the newest one is snug some people
say snood well I think I would yeah it's
like a hood with a scarf yeah well if
somebody start calling us am Johanna
Johanna yeah except that's your nickname
plus my real name must be Joe FINA ve単a
ve単a ve単a ve単a that sounds like a cup of
coffee honest Jonathan no no that's
peepees
girls girls pee like that you know girls
don't need to miss their leg I'll be
demonstrate how do you pee in the
morning you know we don't need to eat
that we'd know let's go come on can you
just take that out of her mouth she said
she's doing her the stone she's out it's
the weed exactly which is not a story
we'd excuse you're too innocent 70% done
okay well we go we go we go
oh thank you she wants you to call her
who wants wishy-washys we're gonna take
these guys out dogs it is so hot they
can jump around and play in the suds
said playing
they're super automated stomping - just
opposite is road just down that road
down there before clear roads
calculation we used to be like a shell
station
it needs to be like so much smaller but
now it's like a really big toe pad
Center
it's totally topaz view different guys
Julia childer guys you wait over there
what's been playing in my head forever
about the whole wedding thing was
whether or not to like invite my father
to the wedding and most you guys know
that you know I was trying to figure it
out a while ago should I do it or should
I not and it is all this crap himself
right so I decided that he lives about
like two minutes where we are right now
you know and I sit down and I cook will
bring the will bring the wedding
invitations and what's he like you know
I'll know within two minutes like you
know I know whiter if he I'm gonna ring
him I don't know if he's not there I'm
sorry Nancy he's at home he's not at
home I talked in a few minutes I'm
waiting a few minutes and he'll know you
know I later talked to him and then in a
few minutes I'll know but I told her how
we get along you know sure they invite
or not and if not then be like okay
whatever
and then if he's there then I'll go and
see him and I'll actually just I'll know
within a few minutes like oh just you
know look into his eyes I don't know it
in seconds like whether you know this is
something I want to pursue or this is
something not but either way for myself
I do believe that I have to do this you
know I gotta do this so I see what
happens
shall we it's ringing
- good sign uh suppose my number
Hey are you at home are you in wait sir
hey there now alright let's gonna call
over I've been out in two minutes but
well I guess that I guess that was that
so so he is there I know I know it's a
funny one you know cuz I you know invite
here we're putting a buck packet back
back pocket and then if I wanted to whip
it out but it's like I'm nerv I'm not
nervous and stuff you know I just I
really wanted to get this over with
I really wanted to know you know and I'm
not saying I want to build a
relationship or a friendship here you
know I just I need to do this for myself
you know I need to I need to get over
this I need to know which way it's gonna
go and then either way no matter which
way it goes whether they come to my
wedding or not I just need to make sure
that this is resolved because I don't
like conflict and you know I don't
really want to talk about what happened
I don't want to discuss it I just well I
just wanted this to be over I just want
to know you know are they gonna comb or
not and then I'm not gonna be sitting
there you know coming up towards the
merit wedding you know wondering you
know did I do the right thing that I do
the wrong thing should I invite them
shot you know that kind of thing like it
just plays on their head way too much so
you feel kind of like what but the best
thing to do you know it's just like I
don't want to talk to my phone and want
to send them a letter than what you're
sending the invitation I wanted to just
like go down here and face-to-face take
just do it you know no don't mess it
about yo let's make it so number one
make it so number
welcome Blessington home of the
Blessington can i think order
we're in Blessington yo cruisin to
Blessington blossom Boston town anyone
living Blessington watches of luggages
do you know you connect my grandma my
grandma was grandma's birthday that's my
answer
she doesn't like a valley man which is
like somewhere in the middle of nowhere
but this is Blessington Blessington
County Wicklow yo tell you one thing the
roads here are bumpity company you know
you're in the middle of nowhere though
can't get a radio station can't get to
your family a fan with international
radio stations you can't pick them up
which is like annoying yo but we're like
super late
oh no puddle got it we're like super
late but um I got to talk to father and
I think we resolved well I went there
for a lot longer and I kind of thought I
was gonna be there but thing we resolved
our differences but a good some good
some good holes from tea
I gave the invitations and maybe and
maybe my father and his new wife will
come to our wedding and we'll put all
the all the crap behind us but I'm
really glad that I did it because now I
feel like the weight has been lifted
from me I feel like I've done that cuz I
really wanted to sort that out and then
that sorted out and I feel really good
about it so
like that lesson for me kids sort things
out don't run away don't hide away I'm
shy away don't fly away fly with me come
fly come fly away would you like to see
the Blessington it's the mountains of
Ireland it's not cool
you can't you see the lake
not cool Oh driving over just like a
narrow bridge look it's like whoa
hopefully there are cars come on No
oh she's squishies lads it's the
mountains of wit blow or kind of right
Dublin kinda like the doubler mountains
it's kind of nice though isn't it I like
it I like it a lot
and I'm like totally awesome
down the winding road does any goats up
there oh if that should stop this is old
school
this is old school of stuff around stop
and wait take that in wave first guy
wave like a new wave almost there Abby
will have to heal now to the mountain
land of the mountain people
hello may we come in may we come in may
we have you sources
yeah
Oh No hello horsies hello she'sshe for
dinner he's a write-off nor him now for
spilling the water all rights gun I
asked mom she's a crack den cards or
anything else yes only we have dinner
first
and then the cars afterwards and then
we'll give everyone the invitation
follow the man with the num-nums biters
ankle-biters ANCA
I stuffed and playing was amazing what
invitations to have an invitational so
look here yeah she likes its killer you
know making a little treat the leftover
stuff here for Albie and Xena where's
Tina
Christina okay no 30 put a fat let's
just grab the fat here put it over here
chop it up make a nice little stew
wouldn't that be nice yeah you want
teats I'm gonna give you someone mini
treats oh boy the growl stuff how these
huge every time I stop rubbing I'm here
you know yeah
slows in Tabasco Rory who's the big
mommy is mommy
that's grandma it's not mommy get on
your P's done I'll Drive to court get
off my land
oh I thought yeah pull it back bring it
forward there you go you can kind of
heal the KitKat you see move I just go
for that actually see the same fire up
yeah no no look with it that much if I
hit the side like this yes isn't it
howdy partner Nana this is what I use
when I'm playing airsoft see pointer
back and then pull the trigger you can
lean on the card you're looking through
this so pull it yeah the other side see
yeah yeah yeah any trying don't name it
the house it looks you to hold fire
isn't it in to pull us back thanks out
see anything oh yeah steady yourself
fire yeah yeah it's good looking thing
all right that's how it's done
home for the holidays seen I've already
found some chocolate oh okay I have some
case may I have some please
Oh driven all the way none so we're
gonna go on a mission mr. Sunday
eggless so plan of attack put the little
guys okay I'm not sure I seen it cut
I'll be out there mmm-hmm put the device
to bed and we're gonna go out and we're
gonna get some chocolate oh oh boy
we've been let down folks we were let
down by the great Tesco closed closed do
you say alright no Easter eggs in Tesco
folks that's a nut job look more people
coming up like is it open is it there
sunday yeah no stuff in there or
anything no all right let's go onward
onward of positivity in the air folks we
are getting easter eggs
look at they pull in as well Danny just
like you can see me like okay like Daddy
Danny we gonna be Easter eggs there's no
Easter eggs in there there's none
wasting your time any people know some
you know we don't imagine there's like
an Easter Egg sale at the stroke of
midnight
that's where one's cover up just waiting
like we're like just leaving right okay
freeze right for all howdy
I don't know why I talk like Barry right
I'm gonna head down to Douglas and we're
gonna see if something in Douglas I know
the petrol stations will be open I need
an easter egg
Easter egg detector welcome to slowly
Joey's Easter egg hunt it happens on
Easter Sunday at late at night
sheep an offense open but if a tree has
no Easter eggs doesn't chocolate but has
an Easter eggs do you have to decide it
just be pull the plug here or do we keep
going have Easter eggs per say but it
does have a bunch of the crunchy piece
is open so we've got a couple of
clusters going for it honey where's give
up in the east side just get looks like
you know normal chocolate and then do
something magical I don't know melt it
all down and shake with an egg or
something awesome like that
