it is really really pretty day we are in
grandma's house she's not my grandmother
she's obvious grandma there's Cena dad
is working he's doing he's editing the
vlog or he's aren't you yeah and I
should be editing but I can't obviously
because we only have one laptop so I'm
gonna do mine to me the cool thing of it
Jonathan's mom says is that the internet
is really fast so there's no like to our
uploads or anything it's like 10 minutes
15 minutes so I'm just um we're just
getting ready to go out and meet the
illustrator of my book which I'm really
excited about cuz I've never met her
before
thar Selah she Allah straited the style
that book and she is so talented like
she has the most amazing talent for
illustration so we're gonna meet her and
we're gonna meet her in Bewley's which
is actually really funny because funny
story about beauty's I really associate
beauties with Ireland
it is Irish but when I moved to her when
I was living in Baltimore in America we
used to come over here to visit my
grandparents on my mom's side and every
time we came we would they lived in
Galway and we were going to the beauties
in Galway and I would get a doughnut so
it's kind of like a tradition for me so
maybe I'll get a doughnut I actually
think I might because just for for old
times sake and the beauties in Galway I
think is is gone I don't think there
even is one quite anymore
I think it's only in Dublin so I'm
actually really looking forward to my
little Billy's trip it's like a trip
down memory lane so I'm trying to get
some Sun and yeah it's really nice and
relaxing in this garden see
I just got Jonathan to scoop up all the
poop yeah he's a pooper the poo trap
have you ever seen that ad it's like I
don't even I don't we don't know if it's
actually real I think it is though and
it's called pootrap and it's like
basically like a thing that you stick on
to you tap attach onto your dog's bum so
I didn't traps the poop so yeah look it
up online if you don't believe me it's
like insane in Dublin pass G and the
girls are so pretty
hey first let my eyes sweet money and
when I'm KC Oreo excuse me coming
through
thank you on the way into town boys and
girls lovely stuff Friday night K burn
lady Jo has lit up like Hello how's the
boy oh boy oh boy
where
is the a city hall dublin city hall
behind Dylan's rock house is Dublin
Castle we can knit for a little bit
dublin castle in there so that's the rat
house the rat house not the horses oh my
goodness
just like the brochure said Ireland just
one of parses parses for carcass is
Olympia Theatre huh
it's Susan
I don't know probably like oh my god
this is going to Johnny
I doubt it why not alright now guys I
want to go to the friends I'm a star
part okay I behind an all-you-can didn't
know how does this play with simplified
meetings where
I meant when I was a cop I have a cure
don't cry we still hanging there behind
there beside beside for the world
this is the heart center of Dublin city
centre we are entering the epicentre do
you want to come to the epicenter are
you a pic enough to be invited to the
epic center actually Maltese yes Taurus
I look like a tourist
it's just Jack Jones well it's like this
is like the epicenter we're tolerances
Sunday
drop the street now okay do you get even
more every good okay this is the taxi
did you stay is there things
oh look Footloose traffic
since I urged like chocolatier hey just
point it a few people here
Oh take take your time thanks Brad
Thomas Brad Thomas is like our only nice
the true luxury department stores
there's
best of it as flashes aren't and gets is
it it was the most expensive car park in
Dublin City we've been here before I
mean with the vlogs yeah just the region
yeah yeah I think so now did you make
reservations no I don't think so I'll
talk to the man hi
can you see me for such torrid
Oh
photos a trivial question when you come
into a car park you want to keep the
sunglasses on in order to you know
maintain the cool presence but in the
same times you can't really see where
you're going so you know it's it's it's
a it's always in you try and forget
looking cool or being safe hot looking
cool prompts being safe every time
he's like a scarf is it it is yes and
you can actually wear it during the
summer in the winter so did you make
that as our illustrator or wonderful
illustrator you made us look cool I
really like really looking forward to
seeing eyelets yeah well the cards are
for you so yes
oh you haven't seen a Princeton one yet
no well I read the first part so for the
first part it's good yeah of course
they're not
okay
how do you a tonight suppose that
pictures start seeing a mic making our
t-shirts almost an exclusive yells what
go do it
no okay yeah so you go that's how you
know it's really old piano doesn't stop
today's see these two mm-hmm there's
like two and three and two and three so
it's just number two their hand you go
okay
these two hit here
why did you keep doing that play these
two at this hand not that one okay okay
you did in there okay ready
come on it's your turn Jessie come on
oh I'm loving a gondolas video rendering
out that video for ABS oh if you wonder
where the fog was yesterday you tend to
8 o clock
talking to the taking at building meters
we already know
okay so we're being we're being bold
I like your new scarf like your necklace
are y'all tangles tangled in a web of
misfortune so when I went down today the
end of the park you know where they like
that they're upsetting the duck pond and
stuff isn't it was a sign saying the
partners - oh it smells like baby
clothes apart you know give me when half
way up to the other engines and it said
like all the parking so it's a hot baby
I'm right a block this is ridiculous so
I don't back up to the start area which
is here
as you can see there's no way to like
close that off so technically I think
we're breaking some sort of park law or
something I'm not really sure what's the
worst thing can ever ask you to leave oh
my god you can't you can't just like I'm
sorry sir I did not realize that there
was a some sort of our probation on yeah
Park Times thing goes now hang on now
goodness this reminds us of cabin TV
park we used to live in doggy he said
it's good a cabin to the heart good at
with Alby and these crazies this is
before I'm seeing this time what are you
doing
come on come on at me look at it yeah
such a nice voice you like yeah that's
what I said about this place the only
thing is that there's a road surrounding
us it's a nice area downside I do it is
that it's not like it's unlimited like
it is a limited area not be good we try
low and I'll be first yeah okay we're
gonna let how the off I'll be
what what have you done I don't think
your dogs would you like each other you
guys you guys realize playing right it's
not fighting is it there's a tiny
difference very very slight difference
in the way that they go that's silly you
listen for the snarl yeah that means
there yeah
do you love us again I know how it is
are allowed are you thinking hmm it's
good for delivery Texas barbecue prices
governor's made opens you know find out
whole chicken do you think I've met a
pizza is so because we never get the
boys when you get the four step easy
always end up getting the air side where
this different strippers and stuff you
see looking at us you see how they is
like right there
are you thinking
