so we are on our way to Dublin I feel
like I start every single blog with so
so this is what I'm doing so now I'm at
home so never run already Dublin and
Mike here's Isle peacocks and we've seen
us back there
and we need to get Cena some ginger nuts
because that way she won't get sick II
and then I also need to get lunch even
though it's like four o'clock but I
never had lunch because I'm an idiot
um actually no it was because we didn't
have any food and I have this because we
ate everything because we knew we'd be
away so we are headed to the d4 Berkeley
hotel because I was buying stamps for
the wedding invitations and I bought
like a big book of stamps and then I got
this venture and the factor was for like
selected hotels in Ireland and I think
it was like it's like at a discounted
price at a two night stay so that's what
we've got to get ginger snaps yo I know
that's what we got so that's why we're
seeing in the hotel I'm not with
Jonathan's mom because that's what you
usually do
she's gonna cry okay so let's go get our
ginger snaps
ginger ginger snaps gingers nest ginger
I need lunch as well
hey go peepees
varta sheep over there
Obie's the same complex it's called the
same thing it's got the same car part
let's get the same everything but how
are you supposed to know magically
I don't window patina and I held Alby
but it just kind of like step back a
little bit and then you know he made one
bark because some walk back and the
whole like because you know like the
hotel lobby so echoey in so tightly I
was like who is so ok oh yeah bricky
like come on like it's birthday court we
went to the brook before come on guys
we're almost there
mom brought us to the wrong place hey
this one's completely different
partisans got like a concierge cool
about just abused that just drop my car
off crack my car drop my car off go
that's my car I'm goodness this is a
rowdy rowdy spot that's two gates to our
our house
what's it called again d for berkeley
not the Ballsbridge am know which one it
is you never make you mine okay let me
give you a quick run-through right of
the room first thing you'll notice sir
is the fabulous view that we have given
you now just just move past the horrible
net curtains oh that's beautiful
oh wow oh wow that's like this this is
like Santa Monica Boulevard as you can
see all modern equipment and of course
you have to pay for the Internet and as
you can see all our our furnitures to a
higher standard and don't mind the marks
all the way around it and of course our
wallpaper with the black line you may
notice our beautiful lamp with the extra
features I could go on and on and on
like look what is this mess on the floor
like it's dirty
like what just dirt it's filthy in here
like you know look at the pet look at
this like like one pillow and then this
thing here like this is absolutely
terrible TV to be extra twenty years per
dog per night what I mean warranted that
Oh No being your dogs no problem then
you get here oh by the way you have to
pay ten euros a day for parking as well
so included in the price that you have
if you want to get room service you have
to pay delivery charge
if you want to use the internet you have
to pay for the internet if you want to
bring your dog you have to pay for the
dog if you want to park your car you
have to pay for parking your car we're
probably gonna get charged for hot water
too so we've made a bold decision and
we're going to go downstairs get our
money back
the hell out of here cuz this is this is
ridiculous alright dogs back in the car
I've wedged the car between two vans so
no home will notice the dogs got your
game face on its game face on it's all
his fault it's just like I'm really
sorry you probably hate me what cuz he
just kind of like floated me with all
these chart extra charges and I was just
like what because it was supposed to be
a deal with the voucher and it was and
then it ended up being like more than
full praise way more than full price
which is ridiculous and a Berkeley Court
should know better than that and this is
a bad review okay so next plan of action
okay I don't actually have a key to my
mother's as I probably should I don't
know where it is we've moved around so
much it's got lost in the tumbleweeds so
my brother leaves Pittman my brother
lives and me my sister lives in Lucan so
I'm like okay well I'll go ahead I'll
try my sister first because I don't bow
that I'm having key because she did some
Lucan and then I'm like oh wait a minute
I brought my my new HTC phone but I
never synced it up with the iPhone so I
don't actually have her phone number my
sister wasn't actually here when we got
here but I call her and she's ranek on I
actually called my brother and got him
to send me the I her to her number and
then I call her and then she's rent at
her husband's parent says check these
out mmm I just had one they are probably
the most tasty steak I've ever had in my
life
I didn't know macaroons were so tasty
actually setting a business where she
actually sells them yeah awesome would
you like to microwaves I like to my food
rots my fluids back to my groans what's
the name of did what's their Facebook
sorry don't go there yet it's a bit crap
okay
what yeah it is life say hello hello hi
guys macaroons are amazing I will give
you the details soon
cool what in a frame my big sister
yourself yeah yeah we've a funeral thing
yeah we've those were first time we
member has an invitation already first
you got first
yeah obviously obviously but Lee or
probably last
is I'm totally amazing right or is it
Mac Murdo base yeah look at this this is
from the Antarctic
McMurdo based boots now you could have
kept me a bit cleaner over the years
keep clothes are like air tight shoes
yeah when you're in the airplane you
have you unlock it and then when you're
outside you close it because your
pressure so yeah what keep double-faced
at home firmly oh my goodness so long
it's like I think he's about like 7 or
10 years ago used to always getting
serviced
signing in temple oak temple ooh you
guys live in Temple or tenure and you
guys actually go to Silvio's still be a
part of Cody's thanks Ryder my old
stomping grounds
I'd be like these to be in Tampa like
swimming club and afterwards needs to go
over to a Silvio's where we're going
right now and get some aren't you did
quantities
