oh yeah making a motivational video
making more than fishing our video nice
you guys gonna behave are you like my
marker that's my focus marker Cena do
not touch my focus marker no no go away
leave the sticker book alone okay
that's really important stop it Cena
Cena touch do you want me to be out of
focus in this video cuz I don't want to
be out of focus
she said Becker she doesn't care for me
he'll be happy it's have you seen it
come on come on baby
okay where's mom Chris mom where's mom
good mom good mom - mom - mom go - mom
they're so disruptive you're so
disruptive see now don't do it don't do
it Tina what have you done now you stole
it
give them that's my light that was
marking something I hate you kids with
glasses my babe my goodness I nearly
lost it off where's my hounds where's my
hounds of Baskerville where's my hounds
you ain't dog what a little beach but
there is no beach hmm hey yeah we're
gonna Dublin for the weekend we're gonna
spend a weekend in table and we're
staying in a hotel
oh yes a hotel and yeah he's calling to
Berkeley it's in Donnybrook d4 I asked
colors up lights on the way yo so
hopefully one when I was in here on
Friday night and Saturday night so I
will probably be able to go up to Kalani
where we used to live in doggie and
that you know be true me that we used to
hang out there because I'll be has been
there all the time as we used to go
every day but Cena has never been there
and we can take Cena to the feature Ruiz
make a proper be journey because I know
some people like have looked at our you
know when to walk where I run to that
concrete thing and we had the dogs
unlike the pebble - there everybody your
features suck ass man I don't mean to be
disrespectful or anything but they suck
ass that's not a beat yo that's some
pebble on a leak Begg Riverside
Riverside lakebed calm taking some Joe
fees the trophies for the man Joe fees
for the ladies bagels for the man no
bagels for the ladies
time for a Rodney's Anna walkies guys I
think I'm gonna basketball my chair
there was so hyper
so fortunately cannot bring you guys
with me because I am bringing the music
player and Anna's hands are full because
there could be another freak out with
the dog so security two hands so it's
okay kids we see pretty good mind a
house mine most of all small steps for
my feet one giant step towards to
Beachbody that's the Neil Armstrong what
I said here's a jogger Joe fastest
Armstrong John Strawbridge person on the
moon you say something ridiculous and
that would be in history do you want to
see what Jonathan looks like naked
actually it's not naked right now but
that's not what I was gonna show you do
you want to see what iron it'll spoil
princess looks like when she comes back
from her walks Cena oh you seem to be um
a crossbreed now she seems to look like
a Maltipoo or one of those like yeah
yeah
hey Marky no oh you need me see except
but I'm actually kind of scared don't
you because that came from the sea yeah
jury is the master day yeah that's it
it's mystery mm-hmm aha he's gonna get
under daddy's deep after towel you don't
I love that M you do like a really heavy
workout right and then you have a shower
and you're like almost out of breath the
fighter in the shower and then you dry
stuff off and stuff like that and then
you're sitting in afterwards we're still
like your bike so great what the
endorphins like hoppin around every
muscle in your body I love that feeling
it's like it feels like it's not like an
eight but it's like a good eight you
know it's like a stretch like oh like an
orgasm this when it strikes it every
just ah feels really good I don't know I
just love that feeling to have some
family get this Orange County Choppers
okay I used to love that show right not
this t-shirt like I don't only years ago
and I haven't always where I'd like I
used to drive a motorbike and he's
always wear it it's like you feel like
you miss more but I just I just want to
girl that up a little bit you know gay
upon it and you guys never had this
totally and Scully the Thai chicken soup
um everyone work is been I'm bringing
these in I wanted to I wanted to get on
the bandwagon tonight bought it and then
I totally forgot to bring it with me to
the studio yesterday so you gotta have
it today but the one I got look it's
like mild Thai chicken soup with coconut
butter milk squash and jasmine rice
limited edition so this looks really
good I like the little drawings and
stuff it looks really good fortunately
though we have a micro no wave there for
a happy
they pot on a stove I feel like a
caveman I don't so although school of me
to do this but whenever I put the stuff
in right in a jar
I always put some water into the actual
thing close it over do it a quick shake
pop a back up and Torah in there and you
actually get all of the stuff otherwise
you leave loads behind you do actually
ended up leaving loads behind and it's
like why would you do that all you have
to do is add some water well it
definitely works with the pasta sauces
you just put the lid back on give a
quick shake Bob becomes uncle a secular
pretty but you know it looks like em
tick asparagus soup or a sort of a
potato soup looks really good let me
just let me just illuminate that feel
mmm taste you times with your fat so you
guys check out the channel pate recently
oh snap foolery and get the new M title
sequence up in tomorrow's blog which is
today's vlog so hey did you check out
the new working man mm-hmm
meaning a special sauce I know that
there are no more which one do you want
do you want this right that one I don't
know the fat one or see that the greedy
man goes for this one cuz he James ho
yeah but then does a smart man go for it
so no wouldn't you want you made them
you made them oh it's hard it's not i
tailor the same way to like oh yeah
that one looks good I have to admit I
like the fat one the skinny ones nice -
what does that say about me
Thailand's Guinea small in fact but I'm
drawn to de-spawn almost house tonight I
am going to ravage the rhubarb yogurt
Roger ravaged rhubarb yogurt like really
sad when they come here didn't realize
no one's here and you're like we've come
to feed the cats to you they guys I have
done so much today and reproduce
rendered uploaded a block when for the
run recorded uploaded the IG office
video and then recorded and produced and
blah blah the motivational video and and
uploaded recorded which is the stylized
video we are like content providers yo
excited for tomorrow though hotel for
two nights two nights in a fancy hotel
yo we're gonna have the time of our life
you guys gonna have time your life we're
looking at the Radisson but they were
like oh no no sir there'll be no chance
of bringing a dog into a into a hotel
like blow it out to be hairy
and then we add then we rang the D for
maybe we call it thing in the middle of
donnybrooks never like goats bring yo
chickens bring yo G raps
we'll take them all sir add some
forbidden sugar we call this the
forbidden sugar it's Christmas spice
sugar
it's got cloves cinnamon sugar all sorts
of stuff in there the sugar and sugar
drove us through is look at it mmm-hmm
we're gonna put some into the yogurt
because that's forbidden sugar it's the
kind of show that you wouldn't only have
but what is up anybody got a problem
with me using the forbidden sugar speak
now or forever hold your peace
okay Bethany can happen forbidden sugar
Nikki hi Mickey hmm
won't have your num-nums don't have your
num-nums Mickey Mickey numbnuts
you wanna have your Nikki numbers Nicky
Ricky give it mm-hmm hi guys
Mickey Oh what's wrong with you What's
Wrong homie what sound ice hmm you know
I'm trying to rub yourself you gonna try
and rub yourself off the camera
oh yeah that's the fish's oh oh he's
going right down oh he's going right
down
Oh Nicky lost arose America woodsy all
right thank you
hello to stuff hmm he did believe that
oh come on Nikki how synonyms
