it's a sunny morning
Tuffy's on the Go Go Go Go that's storm
there I'm so happy to have this camera
back well on this camera back I knew
their camera the 130 oh I hated the
other camera I feel like a weight has
been lifted upon me and from the actions
I roles like hmm that cancel puppet look
that guys can't even see that what it is
right unbelievably sunny out there got
tulips it looks look nice in the Sun
look at the Rays coming in Oh someone's
getting some pet dental get dental they
don't like it so much but mommy sneaks
into the water they don't know this they
just sit there and they think of
themselves but obviously this is an
opening because he remembers pretty blue
water but also a out of Coco Coco just
the last day there you go we still have
the md beauty stuff left but um let's
call this the fork written copy you know
it established beauty's don't make good
coffee
now you may you may you may be mr.
beauty party you may disagree with me
you nuts that's that's okay that's okay
cuz you have to write if you like you
restocking but I particularly do not
like beauty sake I didn't really realize
I did not like we discussed until
recently when I hadn't had it a long
time and I've had it like yeah the
morning rather coaster if you're not
from Cork you probably don't know what
that is or the the little white wall
there
do that what's your name didn't respond
to me back there for most us how can you
be a professional video studio effects
man if you do not have a term assessed
with beautiful copy that is what I asked
you that is a balance is a simple
question okay
you study visual media motion graphics
interactive media you must know this is
going to become your best friend once
you post grad the first thing we need to
get ok forget everything else just get
one of these everything else will fall
into place - think so I have not loved
at all today today is just a write-off I
think I'm just gonna go back to bed
hope you don't mind and that's it for
today by getting don't doing kill me if
I did that but Jonathan specifically
said this morning because we still only
have one vlog busy time around because
his other one is being repaired or
whatever it's doing in camera and and we
only have one so Jonathan specifically
said to me this morning he was like you
know am I gonna take the vlog or are you
and I said I'm probably gonna do a lot
of stuff today so I'll take it and he
kept asking me he was like are you sure
are you sure he's gonna do stuff today
are you sure cuz I'll I will vlog and if
you're not gonna do stuff then you
probably won't well I was like
definitely gonna do so today gonna go
out with my mom and do all this stuff ya
didn't do that cause I don't know she
was going into town again and I didn't
even get going into town and I was just
completely semi for me to do that so
I've been at home basically doing
nothing I'm just so tired I don't have
the energy to do anything I have so much
stuff to do I have been taking the dogs
for a walk I haven't done anything
oh my god I did my makeup it took me
like two hours cuz I was like so now I'm
take them for a while then I have my
lunch first isn't starving and then I'm
gonna take those little boogers
that's one there one there you might
think that's two but it's actually one
she has a toy talking to me
I'm gonna take them for a walk because
I'm a nice person like that but
seriously and then upstairs is so messy
like I have so much stuff to do if
laundry to do I'm just so lazy today I
just feel like I'm just gonna spend
another five hours in bed anyhow so do
anybody for lunch okay oh this is my
shopping list by the way seeing all that
stuff I need to buy that it's not a
thing I have to do okay what am i doing
alright so today we're gonna have a
bagel surprise surprise we are also
gonna have some turkey which is five
heroes so we're gonna do and then we're
also gonna have look how cute this is
Tomatoes yay cherry tomatoes and then
you might have some rockets actually I
need that locket for tonight so I
thought we're also gonna have some water
because water is good for you and then
oh I almost forgot the most important
part mayonnaise
light mayonnaise so that's what I'm
having for lunch today or ordinarily
have you could have just that usually
that's what I usually have for my lunch
and I got old red stuff today as well
for like no reason
I'm not even filming today I'm not even
doing anything special today but I got
dressed up because I felt like poo and
what you should do if you feel like poo
is that right
you should get dressed up and you should
put on your makeup and you should try
and make yourself feel better but I
don't know if I feel sick or what it is
I'm dying of hay fever that's probably
adding to it as well
and I know that it's gonna get worse
when it's eating like five minutes to
open this thing I know the hay fever is
gonna get worse when I go outside but I
need these little brass nails so I'm
gonna do I don't care I'm gonna go for a
walk with my heels I actually don't care
they're kitten heels anyway so they
won't hurt my feet too much I got
mayonnaise all over the camera Jonathan
is gonna kill me the thing he hates the
worst in the world its Mayo what the
hell am I gonna do okay I know I know I
can't watch the camera okay don't worry
it's not what I was gonna do but oh my
god crap peppers okay
maybe if we don't tell him he'll never
find out so don't tell okay
there's little bits of mayo like in the
side that the little buttons but that's
okay can you see that they cut the grass
which is a good thing but for someone
who has allergies and hay fever like me
it's a really bad thing oh yeah and I
got changed by the way
see she way hotter than I thought it
would be I got changed because I thought
I'd be to pull those wearing skirt come
on guys this way playing over there quit
Cena always wants to play with kids
whenever she sees kids she loves them so
much these shoes actually her super
comfy come on this way this way they're
super comfy I got them for four euros in
new look and when I first started there
but now they're actually really
comfortable I think you just have to
kind of thumb racism in you know slight
delay because I went to Harvey no
service crappy man right that's Harvey
Norman in case you didn't get that and
the guy says to me I was in yesterday
and I was in there last week okay
drop the camera in last week and he's
all like yes sir
I'll get that I'm sorry for you on
Tuesday stolen day yesterday cuz you
know we're down we're looking for in her
blog ADIZ right guy says to me no
problem sir we'll have that for you
tomorrow come in today and he's like Oh
sir
he didn't give me the battery or the
charger I was like I gave you the
battery yo and then he was like oh yes
he did um yeah
three Jack I need the charger and I was
like whoa we can't charge you for it
okay no problem what's the plan and he's
like well you know we'll be able to give
you a credit note and then we'll just
give you a new camera and I was like oh
well yo bro
why don't you go ahead and give me the
camera and keep the new charger they
were all sorted oh no sir I wouldn't be
able to do that oh no no no no I'm an
idiot and I am unable to perform a basic
customer service task right so I think
what's happened is that we went in there
Monday to buy a 1:30 they didn't have
any one thirties but the guy said to me
there's a couple of one thirties coming
in on Monday I think what they went
ahead and did is that they got them they
ordered to 1:30 it hasn't arrived yet
they're going to just make up some crack
about chargers and all sorts of crap
olio until they get a new one in stock
which is probably gonna be Monday then
they're gonna tell me Oh sir here you go
thanks a lot I'm like you are so full of
crap I am never going to Harvey Norman
ever again if you both are Eric if you
go to your nearest Harvey Norman go up
to the sales counter man and says Joe
versus or an idiot have to slap them in
the face seriously just do it don't
don't even question it don't even think
about it don't think you make the
repercussions just just don't do things
that would be buddy - hormons across the
world attacks by crazy people chanting
something about I'm hearing your life
something about a jobless and then
they're being beaten to death
right I am going for my run yo do run
run run did you run run
she said runs I like to choose they run
plus it is only 5 minutes to 6 which
means it's a little bit cooler plus
there doesn't look like there's too many
people out there yo which is pretty
awesome you guys want to come already
done for walkies on mama you're on today
oh yes they did right off my venture
yonder I got some Linkin Park on the HTC
I like this album so I hope this is
gonna help it sounds really weird cuz I
can't hear you guys
No hello Cantonese yes he's good
when you get that point when you feel
this dude I'm like dying good bodies
dying drum that's how I feel when the
music kicks in Sopot you should put
music when you run what did you want to
tell me what did you want to tell me it
looks quite concerned what did you want
to tell me what you do what did you do
she's done something and she won't tell
me what it is you bought something just
one thing six things twelve things
what are 12 things like why what's in a
pair was it was something you needed it
was really important yes what is it what
you bought 12 pairs of shoes I think I
mean five actually now that I think of
it yeah it's fine
five pairs of shoes I have these shoes
and my utter diesel shoes how many times
do you worn them three times what about
the runners upstairs that I just read in
the room what did you say
I've only warned him twice why did you
buy shoes oh I got my hands-free yo you
free Hedlund them up that's today oh
there's one who y'all got the yeah y'all
got one they all got that one I know I
have to tell you I part that I love I
love the actor do you guys see him did
Eva Longoria a sex tape thing hilarious
just putting it Eva Longoria sex tape
eva longoria heresy of the Perez Hilton
no it's something here but yeah yeah
he's really funny but anyway forget that
guys leave me a comment oh if you know
what Phillip to quote its then you're
like oh my god Hedley Lamarr that's a
trap to beat it's a no Lee
but it's my my older sister is her
favorite film in the world it's kind of
a film my family always do always quote
that when we're together though the good
times speaking the good times I have to
point something out here right you might
have seen on Twitter Facebook and icon
replied someone's comment yesterday we
all really high low for Erica's in the
blogs and we're up here in quark like
sometimes a lot of people in our life
you guys never meet because you guys
never see a lot of the people that are
in our lives like Anna's friends and my
friends are people that you know other
family members because unfortunately a
lot of times on YouTube
people get hated on you know people
people will sit behind their computer
screen and they tend to just like say
mean things other people because they're
protected by the anonymity of the
Internet and over the last like two
years the validating the satellite
everybody that knows her is aware of how
mean the comments can get so that's why
most people don't want to be on you know
we're out with him to like oh no no no
people are going to be mean to me in
Southern Ireland they'll all Erica has
always just like she's confident she's
always just gone on with it you know but
excuse the road on BL roaches man Road
here
but M you know in the yesterday's video
you know and like your no we're just
looking at the comments now you know and
I know there's a lot of new subscribers
you know and and people might defend
that but there's there's ways and means
of asking a question you know we're all
grown up to be civilized that you know
if you mate if you might notice
something about someone you don't like
you know point and stare and I'm leaving
a big you know obvious comment like that
it can be like she's she's a thirteen
year old girl she's a beautiful looking
girl likes where the best-looking turkey
no girl ever if somebody just takes that
little clip out and look kind of weird
and it's like come on okay we all know
what it is and just leave it alone right
I always together better gets better and
then I'm sure you know whatever happened
Joe it's gonna happen this Erica she's
gonna stop being on the blogs she's
gonna say no way no way no how
because they're mean and I really don't
want that to happen cuz I love her and
she's hilarious like him I think she
brings a nice variety to it and she's
relatable and you know at all those her
like I look at her and I was when I was
her age I was not that
yeah big hard to tell you and she's just
she's so much more confident and she
gets more and more confident with each
blog I think and to kind of go ahead and
spoil that it's not very nice
no it's different for me I'm very secure
in Who I am and yeah I come on like I
have bad days and people said oh go
your so okey and blah blah blah you know
but you know now if I don't know more
but like but I'm not a 13 year old girl
you know and I just think that like it
was very I don't know inappropriate and
you know we don't we're a very PG
friendly blog we hardly ever curse we
never do anything you know rude and we
just think I like to be a very
family-friendly sort of fun vlog that
you know and that's that's what I like I
like us to be and I don't want people
coming along saying things that if you
think what you walk up to Erica or would
you walk up to anyone in real life
that's a you should look that's a you
should look at a comment what I say that
the person real life would you say in
real life no then you should not say it
in the videos you should not leave that
comment on it is
cricket
organizers say they'll be months on
what about these boys
would you like in a Riley spot in spy
she doesn't want to know
- Eden
hairbrush hey I might have slightly been
airbrushed and it's actually you may
think that that videos out of focus it's
not it's just that everybody even look
at this guy look at the color of his
face he's got no he's got no features on
his face yes this is insane that is
ridiculous like because I'm a Marvel
person or something
compared to this dude you just took the
photo and stick it up got the
grapefruits
that's the Cookie Crisp have to buy the
do-over and I just get the winner always
get which is this one here
Nvidia should I get one from joggers now
