so we're just getting ready to go and
meet my mom in town and eric has here
she slept over last night
this was her little room her little
setup what's his name and we just filmed
a video Eric how is so nice and usually
she doesn't want to film videos for this
dumb thing weird but um we filmed a
video for InStyle ayat which is very
nice first though that was really cool
and that'll be up later tonight actually
that will be on before this will be up I
think yeah so anything but yeah so we're
getting ready to go and the dog they're
gonna be quite sad because they're gonna
be the left behind so I'm just trying to
get organized and then we're gonna go
and Erica needs to get our passport
sorted out before well before when do
you have to go that's right now why is
it first September
yeah I think it's for September because
we're going to Italy on in September for
somebody's wedding want to see my
wedding dress just kidding hahahaha you
can see my wedding ring you
she just got her photo taken surely you
know it's really nice horrible see how
disgusting and it's pretty it's pretty
isn't that gorgeous
it's beautiful
it's the wrong way well I know that this
is what is looks like
boring this is so forth
know what that's horrible this isn't all
I actually look like you know you
already took your passports
it's
you know I don't
okay that we can see all of you
whatever you do don't take off your
pants look at this the sign there is
backwards
look I am what the hell
the sign is backwards hurry
are you aware that you can sense for so
now we have to go to the Garda Station
between station for Eric let's get them
sign it or stamp it Erica she's such
typical teenager on her phone
but yeah I have to that and then you
have to go back right thought since the
city I'm not
do you know it's not as Erica
no idea yeah isn't that part of the
question I don't know but the fire
station is up there
and then the police station is behind
that Silica's people eating it like a
canteen I don't know what that is but
there's a guard act mostly going in the
right court City Council that's what
that was
here is the police station regardless
solutions such a kind of pretty
was a boring grown-up turn
she got Belgian waffles and look this is
what her little maple syrup came in
I got about patty no am I gonna salad
picture the funnies
she's lining up
oh my god there's a super-long lion-o
look ass
all the way back
that's the drop thing John
the lightning
Jericho's looking for a friend okay
all right so when I wait here I don't
know just
it's gonna be a while how much machine
motion
I don't know Eric I like I might just go
back
I like to go back because because mom's
gonna get in trouble first things a lot
mom's gonna get in trouble for saying
long okay so just take it and keep the
change okay
just put it in a pocket do you have a
pocket alright so I'm just back from
being out all day long and the poor
little pups have been home alone all day
long singing I'm taking for one piece
that right Iwaki yes yes I didn't want
to yeah and the one thing that I didn't
show you and I'm not going to show you
although I may pull to put it on my blog
but I'm not sure but I got my wedding
shoes so and I got them from Jun this is
what the box looks like I'm not going to
show you it's alright I'll be and yeah I
actually am really happy that I got them
from June because they actually even
told me that they would give me my
wedding shoes for free representative
from June like emailed me ages ago but I
feel bad like asking people for free
stuff so I just went ahead and while I'm
while motschi thoughtful for me but yeah
not my wedding shoes I've got all of my
wedding stuff free except for my little
personal touch I don't know what I'm
gonna do for that yet so we're gonna go
for a walk I put my hair back really
really hot outside it's really nice so
take these two crazies out come on guys
walkies time we are at for my walk that
was a good walk I meant to say I wanted
to say it like on the wall I wanted to
vlog more but it's just too difficult
with two dogs it's like you're trying to
keep one lead not not tangle for me it's
the other one and it's just like a
disaster but um the trick though is
whoever whichever dog walks in front
whichever dog kind of takes the lead
which is usually Cena you put that lead
like in front if you're holding them in
two hands otherwise I try and hold one
in each but they don't usually do that
you think you should be like to walk on
the same side
so what I usually do is I keep seeing
out in front when I'm holding it in my
hand like hers is here and he's here
then I hold her together and that way
they don't usually get tangled up
because the one who goes in front is
usually the one who stays in front so
that's a tip if you have two dogs that
you walk together on your own so um I
was gonna say my plan is because a lot
of people have asked me about this um
people have said like are you gonna my
hair is like a mess sorry okay my people
have asked me am I going to fake tan
before the wedding and the answer is no
if you look I hate they can I'm kind of
like a fake tan like auntie fake tan
because if you look at some videos from
like not last summer I put the summer
before then when I lived in London I
like kind of dabbled in self tanners for
about three three months during that
summer and they look so orange in every
video it's gross like all the videos
from then and I just hate it I think it
always looks really fake and I used to
be the only reason I started doing it
it's cuz I used to go on holiday so it's
my family like every single summer and I
get super Brown like you could even tell
him my pictures on my blog I hosted a
picture for my 18th birthday I was like
super dark compared to who I am now but
um so basically my plan is because my
dress will only see my chest area on my
arms I'm trying to where I like tank
tops every time I go out with the dogs
and it's been really nice like a few
days here so and I have actually gotten
a bit of Chloe I can't even see on
camera always looks like way paler and
then I realized but I have actually
gotten brenner so
my plan is that I'm gonna wear tank tops
every single day when it's sunny yet and
hopefully got room so I'm not doing self
time and then Jonathan isn't either
somebody asked if Jonathan was as well
but no he's not we're both like totally
Angie self tanner so that's what I'm
gonna do and then I don't care so much
about my legs or anything because they
won't be on display right
so I'm kind of like I can't have to be
done so William come here to this old
brown spot and hopefully they're going
to actually be able to get a better
camera because we our plan is we have a
plan coming up guys
which one kind of plans do or what we
like okay we hit the 10k we're gonna
change the structure a little little bit
what we're talk about it later but we're
gonna try and see so no no guys
computer said no computer said now the
person said no gonna be funny because
rank means thank you Peter says no
that's the mess here drove an on side
road I got it this time so no my camera
is not repaired but she said we should
hear something from back from Cannon
tomorrow well why not today so she's
like look we like to give you a new one
tomorrow or we'll find out about the old
one brother okay hopefully you got a new
one but the water at the new
one is the exes 130 so I was like okay I
want to buy our Nexus 130 because we're
going to have two exes one thirties
because we are going to do something
totally amazing with the vlog guys so
feel your mind you'll blow your mind so
now we're going to try and get ourselves
down to PC world or Curry's or Dickson's
whatever it's called down in now you are
gonna get a pink oh we almost got you a
pink one but you never know you might
still get a pink one what what are you
two up to
what do you appeal in the net reduction
calculus the value of you there you
there
you're great because you saved us you
saved us in our time of need but you
beautiful X's 130
I have bought at this stage in my career
quite a lot but now the exes 130 has
returned business to camera that we are
that this is the one that we got that
broke but we may they Ted are gonna
replace us for a new one on Tuesday or
they're gonna go ahead and give us like
a theater repair so either way we're
going to end up with the 1:30 on Tuesday
and we're gonna have to 1:32 Tuesday and
then we're learning something totally
awesomely amazing
Lindsey mines and Z but I want to come
too much about that because I have lots
of food to eat lots of children to play
with lots of ladies to love things to do
I will talk to you later
