morning it's the morning gone and it C
Mon Maha and it's the Mon time said
munchies one it's the morning time guys
you guys are awesome something nice -
you know I said that I was like it also
nice to me you know all the comments
about my hair and like good stuff like
that I was like mm-hmm look at this I
almost burnt the house down yesterday
so look yeah that's not good
I'm not sure I think this might be yeah
diet I did that and that kids is why you
don't put something on the stove and
leave it for 2 hours cuz that's what
happens you know I feel like totally an
oppression out I've got to make the
teachers I got to finish it all off
today because I was all like I got a
couple of weeks you know there are loads
of time for hit and hey like yeah I was
like I was looking at two different and
t-shirt suppliers you know and I was
like one of them's in Dublin when I was
in Cork and the court guys I was kind of
asking them like these are possibility
that you know if we if we produce to
meet you guys were people from Cork be
able to go there and maybe to collect
them myself than you know so I think
that would be an advantage and same for
the people of Dublin you know we use the
Dublin printers would be good to em but
the court printers actually wrote back
to me and they said I just the other day
they were like am like if you send us
the templates for the design will print
or print if you have for you that you
can have to try them so I was like not
wow that's pretty awesome because I'll
do one quality I do one ago I don't want
a sort of a teacher a cheapo teacher
that you kind of wife or novelty in fact
once you kind of where it was to feel
good
so hopefully I haven't even email back
and I was like oh yeah I'll get those I
hope you help me today and then like a
million things happen as always
that never happened so today I'm going
to try and finish them off because once
I've knocked off before they were like
the low-res your nails give me the
dimensions of what I have to work with
so I'm not pulling it in PSD don't try
and make them look nice and nicely and
we've got the biggest icing t-shirt with
your petition they need a t-shirt the
impromptu cuddles t-shirt and like the
Saucony Jody Seay should plus we're
gonna make because I said Anna when she
is 50 K we make her like but of course
she went ahead and hit 50 K in the same
days putting a little more pressure on
me so our God forgot to make yeah I'm
under style likely but like pink
t-shirts with a little cupcake on them
and they're like I'm on the Starlight
it's gonna be cool
it's gonna look cool so loads to do
loads to do now opt-ins a rock music
opens in Gordon Z it's in Turkey and
baby I prepare the sliced button hey I'm
distracted I'm supposed to be making
tissues but now I am bagel it's fast and
I'm actually heartbroken here okay
because this thing is taking forever
we're talking like I've tried so many
different variations to get anything to
render look like an hour and a half an
hour or 40 minutes just to render like
it's already 24 tree and I'm still
trying to render because this ridiculous
camera she said like it just it says
it's KP but like it's not an ATP and
it's bitrate is ridiculous I'm like it's
Kodak is stupid and it's just for pardon
I just miss my Canon
why don't you work
somebody's having a bad day it could my
hair off the cameras broken like this he
won't render taking a zillion years to
render I haven't the fluorination was 25
minutes I feel like but most of it I
know 10 minutes long my socks don't fit
my foot anymore yes they do I hate
waiting your feet no no you're not come
on we're going for a nice family walk
Jonathan out of that bed right now we
have to take we have responsibilities we
have two puppies that need to be walked
twice a day I know you do and that's
amazing
why are you wearing those ones there's
terms of socks downstairs
we're hanging up Micah socks just
wearing one of those short or other ones
yeah
Jonathan's having a bad day because
everything went wrong with the camera
and now everything's going wrong with
the render speed thingy and to upload a
video in this house it's an ordeal let
me tell you it takes like 2 hours at
least
well actually that's that's a lie it
takes 2 hours ok and so I think Jonathan
has been too stressed lately and that's
usually my job or maybe the stress one
foot for once I'm not and I think that
we should just go for a nice leisurely
walk no running no pressure
nothing I think we should you go to vlog
there's no pressure there's no funding
there's no goals or
kind of thing like that just a nice walk
just the four of us and family then his
mind will be Oliver fresh and once we
come back he'll be in a better mood in
that right Nick comments let me know if
I'm right because to be honest with you
I already know I'm right
but if you live comments then Johnson
will be more okay
you know for swim yes so she just looks
like all the other dogs that we see but
I was never even like that you know you
see and they're soaking wet but obvious
always been very conservative Bailey I
don't like that she's like you know what
are you doing don't play in the seaweed
oh all right well we going into the
water
oh yeah
oh no Seema Oh what goodness happens is
going on here what goodness happens are
you guys insane iou's are you insane
you're ordering the buns and soak up
some rays I think I'll be one insane
there's a child in the car park cycling
around in circles your problem flies why
don't you just gonna fly away do it you
are made to do it it's a fighter with a
monkey is this a fight over monkey I'm
starving I'm starving to death
I'm withering away I'm a withering
starving starving see no that's why I'm
warning you no no give it a one well
actually that would be a mess
so No
No
yeah I give it to the living plants not
the dead ones
thank you wise but no it's just not
comfortable like we don't have a deck
chair and things or like a languor so
it's just really uncomfortable like I'm
sitting upright straight and I'm like as
a sovereign like Singh yeah and I can
sit on the ground because then the dogs
won't pee outside they'll pee inside
because they have to someone where it
seems Rocchi and nice very it's very
young too cause my brain has gone in
like poopy it's melted so it's very
considerate of them that's not what I'm
missing
it's very considerate of them to not pee
while I'm laying on the ground so I
don't have a watering can
so I'm just using this jar which I think
there was chicken korma or something in
there probably so that's how I'm
watering my plants and I just overdid
that one I thought for some reason it
needed more water but then I realized he
didn't so let's go do this one maybe see
fit
closer in the way
all right he's washing his car
see
that one most very thirsty I think I bet
I think about ones are should probably
do all these my season yes Eric has come
in tonight I think she is anyway she
text me and think what I was the plan
yesterday French stage night
this is hard because this one is like if
I pour that out it's gonna pour it half
the soil I seriously do and then look I
just noticed here I think I killed that
one too I just won't feed you for a
while that's what I'll do see one of
them I did and it was just like there's
too much water but it's floating in it
and it's all soil so I don't want to get
rid of it cuz I'll get rid of half the
soil and then another one rovol mm-hmm
you for real
anyhow the Minecraft thing is an
adventure map in minecraft one of them
is the big one and I noticed it's
saucers full of water I think I killed
that one so I was thinking if you just
don't feed them again for a really long
time
don't fine the rest their lives no like
two weeks
what about we just don't miss much water
in anymore
yeah that's what I mean I mean you got a
lot of plants in your day see ya
why did corkulous today explain you
wearing the jersey explained you are is
that out of court with this is guy it
says oh my god oh my god so dublin like
our dublin beat court game the gaelic
wasn't a footballer hurting you go to it
oh it's done hockey quit just wanted to
point out and show you how abusive and
mean erica is to me she punched me in
the arm but she kicked me in the feet
she seems my feet are are huge compared
to your little mini skills okay is it a
minuscule put your foot up even have a
foot cute little thing like one of my
toes little bikers pennies oh yeah
professional gel paste for the way to
walk you see the gel they are square
they're squishy shoe is what's Nina got
no she's got my keys - yeah feta cheese
very much in the selection of bananas
oh that hurt Oh shorten with them and
now I look and that's be Billy now look
they're right there
I love this idea I'm just getting the
egg he's not such a good idea like just
getting yeah okay
it's a potato yeah look insides of it
how much is it do you love it
oh my god
oh I thought it was okay first in London
England
I'll see ya it's different Collins I'll
use a pink one oh yeah boy
I would not what Kelly has one of them
if you like one of them Kelly Barbie I
don't turn off the ferry Barbie from
Beverly Hills and Hello Kitty Hello
Kitty Thursday oh my goodness that would
be an adventure an adventure
if you ever done that when are we so
clear what we do I reckon we could just
eat ourselves the whole day long we just
just literally what I always start on
what I always done what you don't need
to steal anything because stealing over
would imply actually like taking it and
leaving we would actually stay here and
just eat everything all night long flag
oh I think we're talking okay they talk
a lot don't they are do I whisper Easter
egg still empty all the time
okay I'll find some okay
no where's iframe whisper Easter eggs
though save that for later
keeping pace
make the rewards let's blow this joint
yo
