look what I found I found the all
original vlog leaves because yesterday I
was using dis right which is the HTC
Desire oh yeah forgot this doesn't have
a focus on it right says HTC desire
which is an awesome phone guys if you
have you guys ever looking for a good
phone like these things are it's
actually a pretty cool like and you know
it's really cool about it if you look at
the iPhone right it's actually pretty
much the same size as the iPhone it's
not kind of cool look it's the iPhone
and there's the HDC you know I like it I
like it a lot oh sorry I like it a lot
but I'm crazy that we're using this all
vloggers I forgot I even had it like
this I'm just testing that go for a walk
and it's in the shower
what do you think I'll see you know what
remember this is my boy this who's this
now who's this now
who's this down uh-huh time for daily
run the daily one for the only one right
so old-school I know isn't it it's so
close up and everything isn't it can we
use wide-angle oh yeah yeah yeah but
it'll do
come take it all now who has 50
thousands of drivers my 10 I got 10
amazing ones you've got like 50 and
amazing ones oh yeah awesome awesome
yeah
right that's not gonna fly
some say I'm pretty fly for a white guy
alright I'm gonna see if I can get from
the edge all the way to the great gray
concrete thing and that's amazing just
above the muscle it's like I don't know
it feels like sprained or something
that's not like sprained I don't know
anywhere and you fit no therapist
therapist but sort you know other people
that fix your muscles physiotherapist so
nice to run everybody like beautiful day
beautiful sort of surrounding like this
you know it's like there's not many
people around Sun's up this is such a
beautiful area you know really makes the
running sort of experience you know rock
tough already coming towards the end I
was like what I can't make thank you but
I did I prevailed
I did a much faster because I don't even
see Anna behind me so I'm gonna run back
see if I can find them but I bought the
key I was running along and I saw this
sexy lady I was like hello lady
yeah no Sun oh wait you knew I think I'm
gonna run back got a runway display if
you could true again I might meet up at
the same time they're gonna stretch at
the little stretchy area okay ready to
see this guys let's pop it louder Oh
make it some lunch for lunch - jump it
comes at lunch time time go away PSN and
go having a shot all week
brofist is online and I'm gonna get that
on get rid of your turkey just thought
I'd share with you I always cut it in
half because they're so large so they
fit the bay
nicely now place your down you um yeah
so second one right so if you find
yourself surrounded by little animals
like so it is best to cooperate with
them there's always best to cooperate
with them Thank You me too much saved
this much now sit good boy XenApp sit
good girl that's that now people she
doesn't understand guys just understand
level 19 all right 20,000 in the bank
all right its toughest it's on this is
real okay this is serious this is
serious though okay it's what am i doing
again Oh someone's getting their hair
cut today heckard already sorry Tina
we're just gonna get rid of those 30
bangs dirty Saudi 50 - nepeta snip it is
not God will put his Oh dad will put his
finger in your mouth like this okay you
want to fight on that no Diana dad's
finger that's that's what he did to my
love Luth he basically took it in his
hand and chopped it off and I flew from
no you don't want a haircut trust me
when a haircut like that
little bit shorter oh dude
okay my fingers getting sore though so
let's get to it I think you need to get
more after like it still little stuff
like that this is very scary to watch
okay no see yeah let's look at your face
Cena Cena actually is that better
can you see you now Michigan see though
what have you got to say for yourself if
you got the save yourself why is that I
can't quite hear you
I can't understand your craziness Sina
can see she's like no I've got your
number
I became looking there for our marriage
someone gave me this idea while ago and
I was thinking you don't want you
totally cool if we could make this
happen and I was like you know what make
it happen we go to Moscow diets and then
we're going to go through them stores
all right guys all right guys that's
like that your list yeah have you
checked it twice
there's been alien who's being this oh I
got the naughty oh right let's blow this
joint
it's me it's this way did you think it
what we were going are you guys cake me
up hey lb are you doing
the old blog ADIZ is back because for
the for the meantime the Greenwich Mean
Time yeah y'all recovered time I was
like the fire guys okay we don't need
those strange lady wants to get in my
car
stay stay we've got free heating in here
I wasn't mislead I wasn't mislead check
out these bad boys any one of these ones
Oh
I know
Oh Mickey I'll see you later see you
later alligator
all right the babysitter's looking after
the doggies we are going to gun stores
from et that has swapsies that is so bad
why are you I know I'm probably in there
somewhere
it's not very good no that is crazy what
the hell sane why did you get this one
wait further value keeps them all ah
look at the little screen I would yeah
look isn't it lovely oh my god it's got
no macro lens I don't know it's just
blurry it's just a blur it's just a blur
Michael will see his cuz he's got a blue
tang you want quality yes put love
hearts put tight little icon since your
only chance of being seen it's so crap
this way the first camera that was ever
made in the history of cameras
I think it may have been the first
camera I don't know just getting
comparison look guys tell you I'll check
out the vlog tomorrow because I'm gonna
edit this in the morning I'm gonna say
why am I even talking to you I should be
talking to you I gotta go
