Johnson's doing chores and I am waiting
car and vlogging because like I've said
before that's my little trick that I do
I offered your vlog so I don't have to
do chores so we are headed to the PIO
box which isn't actually peel box to
mail box but yeah because I think
there's some package there it's for me
not him just recycling because we have
this new like ten of regime not really
regime but we have this whole new like
way of recycling it's so innovative no
it's not basically because we used to
put all of our recycling if you remember
into our what's the call like under the
stairs kind of area and then it got
really really full like it was gross if
you saw when we got rid of everything we
had to throw it all over the balcony
because there was so much about it got
like it was chalk the block like it was
so far
those no chops but so now what we have
is we store like recycling items behind
the kitchen door or like we put them
into our little to little shopping bags
those like who open ones there so that
they can't fill up yeah they can't fill
up they're too small so that means that
every time you go to the car we bring
out our cycling and doesn't get all
filled up so yeah that's our new regime
and we're not putting anything into like
the under start what you pull out like a
cubby hole closet under the stairs yeah
that's right Harry Potter used to live
oh maybe they wanted up there Oh to our
oh and I painted my nails yeah I painted
my nails and um OPI is privacy please
obviously please can I have some privacy
please
I love this color it's so pretty looking
at look how pretty this because my nails
are getting along again because I don't
like painting my nails when they're long
unless it's like something like this I
think I really neutral kind of color oh
my god I'm so hot I closed the window
because I thought it would improve the
audio of this camera but and I say over
Sunday my makeup is melting off anyways
you're wearing
look at it catchy I just realized this
time does anything go G over here to
Sato and join me what happens fine mama
party on the game after you who
original is none none she's a granny
okay she's no every time we're in town
I'm always like oh my god style world
and so funny and all that stuff right
look what happened style was gone
style was gone what's gonna happen now
what's the world coming to
now style world we won't we won't I love
your hair today I love what you've done
with your hair you should sleep on your
hair more often check it out ladies
and that's the cony exclusive just sleep
on your hair oh my god guys check this
out under currents right this was an
album that was recorded in Galway Bay FM
for a charity and about 2002 2001 and I
actually got a copy back then but god
I'm so long ago you know that I just
ended up losing it but it was definitely
or the best albums I'd ever heard like
you got like some of the greatest voices
and it's all acoustic and it's just it's
just beautiful beautiful music you know
but unfortunately got away from me and
I'd always wondered and then only
recently well not recently but I started
looking for it online and I found the
record company and then I found that it
was going pay fm these guys here so and
so I tweeted
the producer that had a radio guy and
John Richards and I just I said like you
know iid love like if I could so much
anyway I can get this album back and you
saying like look they're for sale on
eBay they're going for like 3 grand or
something out for some of the tracks and
Damien Rice stuff on it you know but he
went and he actually sourced me out you
know he actually sent it to me like oh
my god what one of the charity this is G
SPCA the Galway Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals oh yeah
and the other one is enable Ireland
always which offers services to children
and adults with physical disabilities
that's so cool and he actually said like
if you're ever if you're ever in a
position to help any of the charities in
your area please do you know like
obviously dick I don't need a cover
pause but at GSA which is similar
deposits GSPC a but oh my god I feel
like this is one of my greatest
accomplishments from becoming like I
don't know more popular on the internet
or something you know that like I got
this like this is amazing like I am just
so I like you sitting there a Saigon I
cannot believe that I got the
undercurrents album like this is the
greatest day of my life not to burst on
Vince Bob or train steal his thunder but
I got something we both got things sent
me that mean a lot to us I don't know if
you remember we didn't vlog it actually
but we've lost that day obviously we
went into town I do you remember if you
read my blog you'll know that this
cleanser like cleared up my skin like a
hundred percent like I love it to death
because it's so so good with like my
skin I don't know what it did but I have
okay touchwood wherever but I have not
had a break out for a real long time
because of and I credit it completely
and utterly to this cleanser right here
I know this is my beauty channel on
everything but I just wanted to mention
it because it's really really good and
it's a new line and I went to it was
sent to me by the PR company in Dublin
and I went into the body shop in Cork on
Patrick Street and I asked for it and
the girl actually read my blog she knew
who I was and she was really really
sweet and she was like I'm really sorry
what we haven't even gotten it in yet
and I was like oh crap because mine ran
out and she just sent it to me and I
didn't even I kind of knew it was her
because of the way it was sent like it
was sent just like a it was different to
the way PR companies yeah yeah yeah and
but it's actually her or at least it's
the body shop in court because it says
happy Oracle it's now from but directly
from the body shop in Cork they sent it
to me and they said dear Anna the
cleansing gel just arrived in enjoy that
is so sweet like I would have bought
this myself but it was just so sweet
that they sent it to me for free
I fully intend on repurchasing this like
until they stop making it so so so so so
it's all good for my skin so thank you
so much to the body shop in Cork
specifically in Cork for sending me this
it means so much to me and the CD means
so much to Jonathan good day it's good
day actually I'm here to see these like
for a second
it's beautiful it's giving her our own
get my hair cut off head cut off and
well hopefully the racks you could mine
head off because I kind of need my head
it's quite important important to me
what's kilometre gene styling for you
nah crap you go to a barber's right I
went in and there was a new guy that I'd
never seen him before you know and I
said to him one thing I said do not
touch the top of my head do not cut the
top part I wanted spiked up enough time
he's like I watch it as it takes slicing
up my head I'm like didn't charge me
charge what the hell are you doing like
don't cut that you asked me what I
wanted I said don't cut it so Johnson
it's pretty upset of it his haircut and
I'm very tiresome because I personally
think it looks pretty good anyway like I
think he looks good either way but I
know how horrible it is when you ask for
something especially something like a
hairdresser because it's so like
personal your hair and it's just reading
like a part of you and then you ask for
something and they don't give it to your
they mess up so I'm gonna make him lunch
because he's really upset about that and
I can understand me yeah a hundred
percent so even though I think she looks
good like the way he is but he's just
sad cuz he's like middle of flu and I
know that this isn't it usually probably
even not like you just you're but I
heard him lunch let's be honest so it's
a good it's a nice gesture from me look
at that
what the hell is that okay like that's a
mess I might actually take this one for
myself and then give him a better one
cuz I'm nice like that
so I'm sorry if you're flashy as well
but this top is too small for me or no
too big for me that's the problem it's
too big and it keeps like drooping yeah
anyways I'm gonna call
because that didn't work sorry Vagos
placer but this time it's not even your
fault it's just a big dog they are too
soft
there's perfect people put it in there
that's why I won and I'm pretty sure
Jonathan Lyte Turkey on his bagel pretty
sure so turkey family pack and what else
think he likes Oh chili sauce Jonathan
does not like Mayo so I've never put
mayo on or water I'm not a cyber just
because it will freak out actually all
he has in his wrinkled Shh
Cena sad what's that said Alby she's up
confused because the door is closed
that's cuz I didn't want Jonathan to
hear me foot I'll open it now
what are you barking at why are you
barking did you miss mommy did you want
to go peepees cuz you were in the whole
time so I bet you do wanna go peepees
don't you you can't see anything because
you are like a little mm-hmm
scrappy-doo who's your fringe that comes
down and I'm in your eyes hmm you put
dogs you go to mommy and daddy yes yes I
love you both so much me oh my love
you've bought so much me show me you're
a good boy and do your pee pees outside
okay yeah it's not gonna do that anyhow
this is what you haven't
doesn't seem like very much to what I
don't there's some new benches I don't
think he likes vibe using this bagel all
right
anyway what do you want some turkey two
turkey some turkey where's the turkey Oh
Holly I'm gonna frame is what you would
grow in a head that was my Valentines
present for them and it looks so like
that looks like we have three dogs and
one of them is just a mobile okay this
is almost done so you take this okay
last time I did it was way too much cool
pretty okay and then take some you have
to fold it no I don't even know this is
what he likes anymore because he was not
sure but and then you have to squish it
you have to twist your bagel down boys
you haven't made a perfect bagel some
reason it tastes better when you squish
it down I don't know why and you cut it
in half and then I'm going to have to
put it on a plate as ourselves up slate
not this one because it's a girly one
oh hi fancy seeing you here
what's that this is a vehicle that I
made for you and because I know you're
sad won't it makes it it's hot it is
stupid you don't you give the guy
specific orders I know you hear them
I know don't cut off the top no problem
mate I own all the salons yeah but you
look really slim and you have this new
haircut and you just look really nice
I promised doesn't he look really good I
am NOT just saying this for the camera
you actually do look really hot you do
Jonathan here I hope that's what you
like because it's Julian
yes possibly too much oh yes I was just
gonna make one but you see you came in
just to have the moment when I was the
man - I'm planning so you just take this
now and I'll just get on that dose it's
a floater
I've seen that happen before that was
obviously nothing afraid you'll it was
so bog that he died a sad sad death so
actually I went out and got ourselves a
HTC s it's the HTC Desire s launched
today available in shops today the guy
just brought it in today so I checked it
out and now I kind of have a camera but
hopefully the other cameras gonna come
back soon we will figure it's on the end
we must prevail I think I'm quite a
trustworthy chap I trust me what you'll
trust me
guys like HTC in them stores for next
few days until we get the proper bakery
Happy Easter I'd have a happy Easter if
I had that oh em gee
Zed guys alright has paid off I love
this oh my god we are what the holy
crap holy man it's so cool oh my god
thank you so much for everybody that
went out to the Facebook channel and
made that happen you guys you got I love
you guys you guys are the best
subscribers in the whole entire world
and it is so ironic that the trace that
we get featured on what the book what
happens the vlog breaks
Fantastico this is the best day of my
life
