we're gonna go do our thing because
turns effect on the road yo I failed
yesterday what didn't tell yesterday it
was a weather of permitting no three of
the situation so I'm feeling that like
maybe today we can like maybe I'll try
to do the long run again all the way out
to the concrete block yeah all the way
to the concrete block cuz I'm feeling
I'm feeling good and I'm feeling more
flexible feeling more motivated I don't
know it just feeling better so I feel
like I kind of I really let myself well
you know myself now I feel like on knots
I really wanted to see if I could deal
for a week but you know I picked the
wrong country to achieve an outdoor
activity um quest so I'm yeah yeah but I
want to see like hey what are you doing
Cena sometimes I think you just harass
your brother for fun you're a harasser
harasser ah see how I feel about the
phone thing at the moment guys right is
that I'm looking around right the HTC's
dad hey CeCe sense is coming out plus
the galaxy s2 that's the samsung galaxy
to ask to anything is called that looks
really good like that looks like totes
awesome it's a dual core phone with a
1.2 gigahertz Esser holy pop holy that's
amazing
I was looking at the windows-based phone
but you know what's wrong with the
windows-based phone it doesn't let you
upload videos what the hell is so
retarded like why would you bend a phone
because obviously people wanted for
social networking and so on and you
can't upload share videos to any
anything you cheap Facebook anything
it's like okay cuz I was I was ready to
haytch dee haich-d CH d7 I was like sold
I'll take it and then I ran out of
foreign moves like what's the like
uploading videos boom you cannot I was
like on that is tequilas like I was
already too forward pink
my windows phone but no they lost me
there then it's starting to HDC and then
I was like the HTC Desire s which is the
one that just came out and then that's
got a camera on the front and I come
around the back and that's using
gingerbread which is the 2.20 but their
gingerbread yeah it's namin processor
yeah yeah I haven't tried always in
their processors like kind of funny
names
that was go Gingerbread before it was
called like fall folio or so I'm giving
them the lowdown what we take out for
fix yes I guess so I guess so somebody
screamed in the background there who is
it say that okay so you know
contactually
it's nothing it's a secret yeah if
you're if you're coming to this will you
just come along and collect that I'll be
great thanks well I'm probably going to
my answers for my grandmother's Irish
birthday party which is like a trillion
years old no fat cells no fat cell phone
with you to say what did you do tell us
tell everyone you pointed at my stomach
and you said no fat so indeed weight
fight yeah yeah use do you have a belly
yeah aren't you proud of me no I'm a
motivating god I should make
motivational videos on YouTube maybe
after I do my Johnathan Joey
because I'm not sure about the game
stuff at the moment why oh my goodness
okay your child is done it's too late
like you can't get it I know right let's
take pictures let's say pictures leave
comments if you want motivational videos
weren't hardest things I find we're
running is trying to find that right
pace you know the one that and I should
to go the distance but it's hiring yeah
but then the one that it's not too slow
because you know walking trying to find
that pace actually do the distance find
that tricky better concrete side behind
me
I made it cool there's an else have to
go back though we're just gonna go ahead
Pat myself on the back
good job well done look who I found
pulling my merry way a pretty girl she
said well hello mister jogger man and I
was like that's me but for my old jug
jaggedy jogger T jaggedy Javas Joe
Foster jogger I know but I'm gonna just
run home actually physically run home
Little Miss run home to Daddy
ran home to Daddy I have an innocent
ages but if you can give me the name of
that film and that quote is from my
admiration and respect it's one of the
funniest and best films ever made
there's the feeling the burn now he's
like what I call like the stretch spots
see he's up here you just see just
that's juicy in case you didn't know
guys rapes I've been struggling with
what to do with the Jonathan jewelry
channel right and I know I started
in-game page recently but I just don't
think that's my platform and then before
that I did the puppet things you know
cuz I was like I wanted and I just
didn't really feel you know but I think
what I'm gonna do it has been staring me
straight in the face for ages and I just
kind of I don't know I never realized I
never thought that that's what I should
do so today I am going to try and film
the first version of I don't know I
might even get it uploaded so I'm not
really sure but I am you can watch the
process for me to fix my hair though
it's perfect mess but not the large
Cameras Cameras all right ease and then
it'll be directed Optus direction owes
let's have a look-see to the look-see
yep looks good looks good looks good so
um I'm gonna have my waffles first and
I'm gonna watch some Stargate Universe
because that's the kind of thing you
want to do after a run
chillax 42 minutes catch a show see
what's happened you know any aliens but
they fix the flux capacitor whatever
well Chevron and all that carry on
I'm gonna try them of course with this
let's get this party started let's get
this party started
are you super excited till I'm super
excited are you super excited cuz I'm
super excited are you super excited the
record skipping that's it folks
episode 1 in the bag you have to go
ahead and produce it and put an intro in
a little jingle jingle jangle boy I am
you guys check it out it's gonna be
honest Jonathan Charlie challenge it's
going to blow your mind right that was a
lot of work but it is rendering out now
all my dinghies all my dinghies hmm it's
my little worker find out a little work
buddy my needlework buddy buddy was a
good work honey huh we work hard today
did we what we hard work just I think
we're hard workers I think we did a lot
of work today Alby we composed an intro
music thing we created an intro
composition title sequence theme and we
recorded episode 1 of the new show
thinking problems that we're doing on
YouTube that's pretty good that's pretty
good I think that gives a lot of work
what's going on with you two are you two
up there
how do you two up there you bite my
hungies oh oh you bite thing camera he
won't bite the camera mm-hmm yes wait no
no pre-render a pretty runner Xena I
shot a pre run you know I think it's
amusing that I've started to do this new
show about motivation
within one day from conception to
completion I managed to do it no matter
a few hours we decided we were gonna do
that this morning and then I wrote the
show created a title sequence composed
the music video film that added it
produced it rendered it and now it's
ready to be uploaded and I'm just gonna
make all the M the assets like the
images and so for the channel to rebrand
the channel but I think that's a great
testament to the actual motivational
motivation and ability to do with
motivation on channel you know what are
you two up to
she's a nut job she's insane she's
scared of her anyway there's been a
promise of chicken drumsticks so we're
gonna mama stop
aha we meet again ma miss your leisure
as we're calling it look monsieur
militia right this is what we want to
make but do we need tools that's what I
want to know this is a tool egde needed
mister needed for tutelage okay now does
it say usually these things say if they
need tool Sunday mm-hmm cousin SATA it
needs tunes on it so hopefully hopefully
it's a it's a non tutor which means we
could just like kind of put it together
you know just for the kind of
instruction part don't look you
something down in there
it's probably the instruction part that
we're looking for
okay
assembly instructions we suggest you
assemble his product on a soft flat
surface protect two people are required
to assemble this product crap paste the
tabletop face down in the soft flat
surface grass will do nicely attach the
legs to the table using the 8 hex short
bolt strut and lock washers probably
something in that bag lock fit it again
Center plate between legs look at these
team look at this
there was no lies folks back here again
after dinner try and finish this off who
my little assistant assistant won with
her blue shoes don't stop my blue suede
shoes damn blue suede shoes
you're wearing blue suede shoes you know
I think that's super cool you look
really pretty with your hair when did
you change it
oh no Ricky doesn't want to talk right
now
foo Yoong here with the stabbing actions
and telling me you're angry at me I
don't know that's such a good idea okay
never annoy a child who has a knife in
their hand this is what we're starting
off with
this area here and somehow all of this
is going to turn into a table somehow
magically spanner what's this this
perfume
we got perfume we did poop your pants
I'll pull up your pants with my wrench
okay so go somewhere what are they don't
run into the pond Cena clear Cena
what are you venture is up I don't want
you to fall into the pond you won't
bring up on no because she's hyper so
she's just gonna forget about it and
running having fun one of the phrases
and thing unless they're fighting I
can't tell the difference can you why
can't you theme in honest
well what kind to see is not for zooming
zoom is for amateurs
that's I finished finish yeah cuz I need
to watch Lee now oh go wide again thanks
a lot
spider baby
body of a spider head of a baby
yeah sure I came from another planet
sending to outer space to find another
with Tina are you fished almost we've
got the legs made now we're just
attaching the legs to the body flying
head lay mm-hm
I bet you have it won't work
okay which table there's two tables are
you putting is why
I thought let's hey move a table cats
how we're actually like using it no
she's gone insane was that as a teen I
think that's like the Ducks gone peepees
sort of the tepees mom to me come on
guys gotta go home gets to go home you
know
oh I probably do this well alright let's
go guys
I think I'm tesco may have actually
watched the flop house containing about
the price of that the ice cream because
check it out
half price on the strawberry cheesecake
huggin ass 267 get yourself down to 67
but you're not froze that is half price
okay go get the forklift we're gonna
take all of your haagen-dazs ice cream
it's roughly cheesecake stock that's
gonna actually have to open your own
boxes to get out your own stuff it's a
bit that's a bit tough but uh you know
it's the the cutbacks actually hit him
because look what it was right this
empty box sitting there and I actually
pushed the empty box set it away and
found that one inside denying me my last
box there was a bit of a crowd forming
he was it was a chocolate crowd decorate
your own oh my goodness it's still
actually on the shelf we should check
five every time we come to test them and
see how long actually laughs after
hectic crazy day you know I finally
finally up and ready did you guys watch
it did you check it out you try this one
is motivated you want our SM you should
head on over to my other channel go
check to the Outlands II oh yeah mind
life-changer
