what - Newton happens it's like lashing
lying out there guys where is it gone
Nina bring it back Nina bring it back
HUP HUP make great food and let's not
don't use that in your nose folks it's
never gonna end up good let's do what's
in my dishwasher - so um when you come
into my dishwasher first off you're
always greeted by this sort of area here
with the cutlery casserole dishes I like
to sort of gather my plates in this area
and then upstairs in my second floor I
sort of keep I don't know a lot of my
glasses my cups my balls you know
general stuff you know and my knives I'm
actually at the moment I'm doing a sort
of a a spotty rag collection you know
it's the seasons favorite so I have to
go with it yeah what are the random
things you what did my what's in my shoe
tag I got a football I got a foot in
there and a couple of pebbles maybe a
spider
this weather is weathering my brain my
brain is weathered this is crazy oh this
is crazy how am I gonna keep my room for
a week got Charlotte this is hampering
my progress I'm gonna be a fatso forever
controller centrioles thank you oh no
welcome Oh
how was your day
the dampened by the rain yo hmm tell me
about it
it's sewage humidity and hydration and
evaporation and condensation and it that
does not what I meant
what are you talking about bad I don't
know funny funny I might be longer
running before I make the phone
that's him good night before
why did you do think I said I like the
HDC you know but
I rang up the man hello I'm interested
in telephone my mailbox out a favorite
allows me to use my in finance my emails
my Twitter accounts and also I'd like to
be able to make videos for my home town
check it out I've opens on YouTube I've
been ready I'm great and I'll come phew
yes
Oh Danny crazy Blair hmm I like those I
like those sounds very much
tell me tell me sir what'd you use
well actually I got Bolton I got older I
use the VCC the best apart both but I
only use that is as an mp3 player now I
don't use theirs or as a mobile device
yo hmm very interesting what is the
price difference my friends well with
rap models by a hundred euros in the
price difference Bora 100 euros you say
doesn't really seem that much when I
come to think of it hmm maybe I'll stick
with the iPhone because I already have
an iPhone or maybe that's what I'll do
do your job take your order no you
cannot you filthy dog
lovely lovely morning in court I'm
having a lovely morning June yesterday I
was running in the Sun tomorrow yeah the
feet are so cute look she's wearing the
Ruby slipper you stole those slippers
yeah heads come off of it
it's so good how long it take you to
make it few weeks you so cool look she
what's an a B which e IG don't break my
nose
what's this my warrant muga I want to
play yeah
CB CB s-- Thailand let us use that car
you and your little dog we were actually
gonna call him
we weren't actually yeah but it's not HD
on no don't care one of them they're
really confusing
no I know ugly too you can give me your
iPhone and maybe I will
ooh two phones for me
you have two iPhone OS getting one too
yeah right
every time I come here this the table
have to do tours this is their forward
on the back that's okay I think I'm
dripped on
and with puppet material yeah we have to
get rid of this stuff
but not today yeah yeah yeah yeah hey
wait for me cuz I've got a sore leg I
don't know I think I pulled a muscle and
I don't know you know that muscle I
don't know I don't know what I did it's
just sore this one here folks it's
freezing hunger Hey
don't want into the look nice warm and
there the airport
thank you sir okay let's take a break
yeah kid catch everything yeah they're
in there what does him do you know we
have Kit Kats as I said have a break you
always say havoc after the table
Oh freezing nothing I'm just messing if
I said on Facebook right now
- hey Cece and nazi-like about 30 people
say no but get free ones free ones yeah
like ask the HTC company can they get
you free ones anyone air from HTC if so
let us know I'm motivated by the case in
your hands
Jonathan I know that's cause of the boy
D thing good stuff pennies I don't want
to do is over multiple stages it might
be able to do someone though both
freezing or enough power and resilience
just yeah I broke my pants first Anna is
incapable of acting putting it there
well done did you actually video that
Anna did work so slippy here
don't flip yeah yeah
can you moonwalk moonwalk it cut your
sister look at his little pretty bow
little bow Erica Oh aren't you who look
Oh
what is your num-nums let's make us good
old chick chick chicken hey guys
you guys haven't put another I just had
a snooze forever you're aware of the
midday snooze this is the dangerous
thing because too much of the meat
tastes moose and you wake up all groggy
in your like your bad news or too little
and you feel like I've I just wasted my
time but getting just the right amount
of midday snooze and I got the right
amount folks can you guys from quark go
to a funder land and we saw a truck
thing in an Tesco daily late and it was
advertised Nana's are like Sea King my
fun run right instead I feel that I've
never really liked I don't know always
being like terrified of like the the
rides your I like I like the teacups
okay you sit in a nice empty cup you
know you know what a good time you know
sometimes like they spin them around
it's like but I never get you know
sometimes I've got a nose like I don't
know the octopus in there and that hyper
Hey exploder you know I just don't like
it was like you just get on it I think
you like me
what newsrooms like holy crap there's
like a tiny little screw holding it all
together by a man who's like I don't
know it just it's not it's not really
the kind of thing it's not like you do
five years in university you know
graduate to learn how to do these things
I don't know I'm just like it's just too
too many too many variables can go wrong
it's exactly how I feel about flying you
know too many variables and M and well
Anna like it's fearless like no butter
to her like we're in in London we went
to this sad German winter fasting in the
middle of Lenore's neighborhood park
began my haste I was in middle of London
wasn't it yeah I was like in the middle
of the city
I know yeah something like winter fast
or something like that you know we went
to and then and it's our problem jump
around everything jumped on going on
roller coaster it's just like attaching
her legs to machines and just picking
her up the road I like the bumper cars
I like teacups I like the little train I
like the little horses
I like the swings I like all the
hardcore stuff so and it was like we
better bring Erica because like she
can't go on her own all the time so her
and Eric they're like it'd be going on
all the Ryan's and I was just standing
there like you know I'd be like oh I
have to hold our coats or something or
I'm videoing that's what I'm doing but I
was like you know what I should do
though if we do go right I should
totally like and take the blog with me I
go on one and I keep video me my
reaction crazy
I don't think I drop it like I'm not
going on an upside annalen I meant like
like a tea cup fight thing you know
something that's safe on the ground like
it has to say I'm not going up in the
air well you know that thing that just
goes up and it just rocks why would you
do that to yourself
why would you put yourself through that
that is scary that is scary
one sec you jerk Tom's like do what
let's see what mess you're not filming
me you're filming me over there I'm not
going with you
what's doing is what you're still Ren
look look look you actually stood on
print that's actually still you and pray
I know it's 24 mil it's wide what's the
crazy the mouse sounds great I'll go on
a crazy mouse or something what's the
crazy man that's gonna see Eric I made
when she was like 6 it sounds okay like
that member her first time that funner
done and I was like I think I said
something like I maybe it wasn't even me
with my mom she suddenly met the wild
mouse and Erica she honestly she did she
was only like I think seven or eight she
thought my mom said you should
definitely go on the wild mouse when if
you don't think my mom said that all
I'll be whatever you two don't go under
wild man I think and she heard go under
wasn't you know excuse herself for
making mistake great thing shocked she
did because she was so innocent she I
think she's about seven I was like 17
and we went with my friend Kate and we
were going over to the wildlife sounds
like are you sure
okay the web mess is like a roller
coaster but it also spins at the same
time as going like oh my god the worst
one it's always over like a big like g8
picture like big huge field um you go
all the way up and then you actually
literally like dangle over the edge and
then it kind of goes like this like
you're in the little like curbs or
anything and you're looking over the
edge and then Sunday just goes oh my god
I actually feel my heart's like it's so
cool and Erica you should have known
better
I'm just like are you sure he was like
yeah I really wanted to go I'm like but
she was a bit seven so I'm Kate Kate
okay with disease uh it was like the two
of us and Erik
signage in the middle and they take your
picture for you and then you can buy it
it oh yeah yeah I see them in tears and
the picture of us we should have bought
it actually keys go let's go oh
peopie's pb's okay
emergency creepy situation there folks
I'm not gonna Detroit's okay we have to
checked to be dressed there do you ever
trust your dogs you know what's seen
around here sometimes they go outside
right and he just sort of like hang
about for a minute you just sort of like
hang about and then they come running
back inside and you're like okay yeah I
was in a falling for giving him a treat
but as a matter of fact liars I don't
know it's rained it rained so it all
looks wet
so anyway saying she was like really
upset actually and she she couldn't
believe that she did but it didn't scare
her like cuz it kind of scared her and
they should be but then the next year
she want me to go back and she wanted to
go on it again and she like all that
kind of stuff actually like me so she's
fine but it was just that she didn't
know it was she thought because it's
called wild mouse she's probably like
gentle like a mouse or something but
it's not it's like turning running
around while going up and down off so
good it's the best one so I'm sticking
the teacups teacups are good you know he
said nominate this kind of spin around a
little bit and cups and funding under
like three-year-old
like you actually cannot the TV you sit
in right and it kind of goes up a little
hill or you can go on the Walter the
Walters are really good except sometimes
you get not like lockjaw but like oh
yeah yeah that's the team that yeah but
it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't want
the grant doesn't go off the ground
right doesn't need the ground does the
Walter need the ground is spinning
around
what are you are you the sort of the
Chico like this because if you sit with
your head like over it let's say this is
the edge of it yeah good snap back I
couldn't get a spear and I was just like
oh my god I'm so sore and then I just
like we stopped undergoing this and then
you go again years later they like it
it's that's horrible so you have to sit
like this okay yeah so you're not
exactly selling it to me I think that's
a no on the wall 32 so that your head
cannot go back like the walls are coming
here and here's like oh we should do
that one right we're gonna block that
one as long as it doesn't leave the
ground I'm okay with it no matter how
fast it goes no it goes up a little rum
yeah yeah but it stays in an area right
well what we'll watch one first so I
don't trust you
the haunted house I like the haunted
house
so it's got the little boom you trying
to make you a Chatham A's and guys no
that's boring
no no this in the training with all the
kids and then like I mind
don't that he's just like boom like it's
crap and then they're just like ah it's
really awful don't do that but we should
do the wallet Maps
