I am trying to figure out what phone to
buy because recently well for the last a
while Alan's iPhone 3GS I think it's one
we have has not functioned very well for
the last I don't know six to eight
months okay but my one has relatively
achieved what it's set out to achieve
what we don't use here's appears the
fact that you need to take into account
I don't have I don't use my iPhone as a
telephone I don't use to communicate via
telephony I use it as a undergo
miniature tablet you know if that's
pretty much an eye a mini iPad in a way
you could call it
I want my emails I want to attack on
Facebook and you know I'm recently now
that I set up
IG office on YouTube you trap cop for
tall guy drove us I wanted to be able to
like you know I could sit here and if I
wanted to something happen I give video
and and upload it were in the same
moment so I can have some sort of a
YouTube app or something where I could
like record it and upload it at the same
time and I think that the iPhone 3GS
doesn't actually allow me to record
video but it does function is taking
pictures and uploading Twitter and
Facebook and all that kind of fun stuff
so I'm trying to aside and I just put it
out on Twitter Facebook there it's
called Twitter Facebook I just I just
put it out there okay that's just an put
it out there hates because I also get
the Google now I love you both Google
Rock there's Google on YouTube so I'm
thinking like what look as a yeah as a
youtuber having a phone that was built
by the people that owned the company
make the video people wouldn't it make
sense that phone obviously they're going
to you know a big a big part of them is
going to make sure that you know the the
YouTube functions you know so I looked
it up Google HTC HD onion students
called takes HD videos it's got it's a
little bit bigger than the iPhone 4 but
I looked up on a comparison website and
on a comparison website it was like you
know it one pretty much everything the
only thing that the iPhone 4 beat it on
was the application store it said that
the iPhone had a more variety of
applications but realistically guys I
used about three applications I used
Twitter tech application
I use Facebook application and I used
the max you know like the GPS thing for
traveling I got there like that's the
only absolute is I use the browser
obviously but I think they all comes
into the browser that's it I don't use
any other absolutely I have loads of
apps you download but you never used
just about to embark on my run for a day
no run every day for a week
have you done it are you wanting to date
you like me okay guys if you did not see
on my Twitter this morning I put up this
Oh bacon Oh Joe peanuts t-shirt those
yep there she goes because we are about
100 and and change away from actually
starting to do that kind of thing so I'm
pretty darn excited pretty darn excited
also IBM I'm working for I don't know
I've been at poisoning myself as well
with another idea concept the thing that
I want to kind of do but I'm not sure if
we try to make the hard decision of I
can only do one I have to choose what to
do and I'm like maybe we will talk more
when I go back my right yeah maybe we
should do that should we do that
yeah yeah you ready guys it's funny
happen every day you do it you're
actually able to do it more and more
like the first day I couldn't get
anywhere but now I get all the way down
here like an Arab destroyed you know now
if you see the impact is happening and
it's great so you like to do it I'm not
actually oh I feel like this is the pain
and the pain the suffering that I had in
the first day that's now returned
because I felt like I needed to push it
up another lap just to really get back
to pain I got the pain you know you see
my pain yeah I got the pain and every
time I feel pain I get an extra pack I
need six pains I love you make the
salads with your magical sauce this is
the magical sauce guys I never get to
know what's inside the magical sauce but
it goes into this thing here somebody
vomited on my salmon I love that one now
there was a lot of talk in yesterday's
vlog okay and I feel that like I think
that my popularity has actually been
like outweighed I think someone else is
actually stolen my popularity
ah I lost you know indeed it's my booze
if you take my twirl I will break your
stupid face if you take my twirl light
will break your stupid face where's my
twirl
there's my twirl give me my twirl your
question about the twirls on my form
Springs a minute that I took here Wow
yes my twirl
give me the pro don't open don't don't
give give
no Hafiz know Gibby's Albee that's
Robbie zina give give me a few silly
woman you don't understand
give me it by the way you're an ugly
lighting Oh Oh circles and your eyes
shadows into your Chin's me huh I'll
give you a quarter are you happy we're
doing half a stick take one stick out
break it in half that is what you get
give me nine and a half
give it to me you are a stealer
Ranjha
mr. Cavafy
its Miffy
where's the bunny bunny I'll be like
funny
hmm Oh as their mother I was attempting
to make something crazy something
ridiculous what's the cause squirty
cream cinnamon
Graeme's richer what did they call the
America toasties
translated for the Americans tested soon
run crunch parties they are amazingly
tasty oh yeah
it's getting better around me you can
say this is brandy cookie dough ice
cream cream these things and sir that's
a bit too much ice cream
Oh squirty cream okay Sam what else you
need just ice cream also if you're gonna
buy cinnamon Graham's just be aware that
you're not actually have to remortgage a
house or sell your car they're like four
euros the 395 oak tree 65 365 for like
10 there's about 10 in the box life
right
yes I think so
nice that's it we're gonna tip that tip
down a touchdown
Gabrielle nonchalantly
oh you can let's open this guy's gonna
like fall down or something - protest
goes hey I need some chocolate oh the
whispers are back well so popular this
week I have only saying about the app
like I mean the difference is like a
twirl is like a flight covered in
chocolate floating close so it doesn't
flake everywhere I don't know why you
never buy disgusting video is just cheap
and then there's like redonkulous that's
redonkulous that vendors value for it
jeepers three-year-old it's a two by two
nineteen for a flake one rocky road what
flavors of to be
yeah Oh
did you get all the ice with that
alright I'm not really sure somebody's
are very icy looking at 5:35 for Ben &
Jerry's
that's what they kids that is with it
because I never Lana by Ben and Jerry's
ice cream
I know but like I've been jogging that I
just think it's easy money but I found
myself like just go get yourself playing
the milk put it in the freezer next day
it's ice cream okay you got out of it in
sugar or something but it's pretty much
the consistency of ice cream
yeah
focus that serve ice cream nice so
that's essentially 2 euros just put it
the rest of them eat the things from the
top well obviously that that's a given
that's a Jeremy Piven mm-hmm no taking
generous dollop questionable whatever
whatever for this am for this particular
and tutorial we're actually just gonna
go ahead and put a plate there and maybe
in post will actually compositor Bowl in
there but for the moment you know we'll
see what I see what it's we'll see what
happens get this cream okay nowadays I
can put a brownie on your knees all of
that I'm not gonna do that
should you hold on hold on hold on
should you not spray someone in your
mouth just to test it no I don't know
God doesn't work go shake it enough okay
this is like a coon dynami of your
handed that were quite happy oh there's
more oh don't forget guys do you need
any top tips
mesh well with the cinnamon ground
I soaked it away these comedies a
special pack and everything these are
super special just a rare man
should should you eat a handful as well
do you think it's advised can you get
yourself a spoon mm-hmm obviously didn't
plan there I'm sure yeah sharing is
caring and then you may taste your
creation
