you think fabulous friend are you a
fabulous friend adroit Oh
so we survived night one without mommy
has you do how was the hell with Daddy
for what daddy wasn't good
maybe next time you'll be good Oh what I
try to get 90 Rivera why is there foot
in my face
wait here but I do not want to eat your
foot right Oh Eduardo Amelia
we're having a foot party okay I'm
putting my foot down
I'm putting my foot down no fear IQ go
boy out of my face you can text her
every single night why did you want to
test take foamy you make me somebody
terribly no rolling daddy off the bed no
excuse me excuse me
though I said is it doc let's just step
Evelyn how cool is that and he was like
this right for such
that's it so immediate would be so
excited if she was here because we're in
this room which is so like
instagram-worthy
look at it it's got this cute like rose
gold kind of couch I had my phone on the
couch I was like the god of matches I
cannot show you what's on that
whiteboard right there and I did feel
miss this where you will see that like
eventually but it will be in a while
this room was sold to you and immerseus
was athletes of the whole thing and
there were a lot more people in here and
we had a meeting and it was just really
fun actually
so I'm really excited now I wish I could
tell you but I can't and we are going
shopping now or I think maybe we might
do might not have time for shopping and
then lunch the best things that you
could possibly want a new interpreters
go take care of you it's just a building
but the sun is shining so
as amazing
oh boy oh boy huh we got some poo
problems we got some poo problems with
the engine av this is one of the old
things that happen all the doggies
you're going to pick poops poops are
going to be picked p.m. kappa what did
we done to yourself oh my goodness it's
a situation folks
then I'll see I'll save your dignity the
under or save your dignity
all right all done and so funny when
they get out when they're wet they run
around like lunatics right in here we
have aqua indigo and the Chocolate stars
and the go sorry Anna
photographers talked about avocado and
toast but it's just your being carrying
the hockey you go to these data's you
know like when they're like little
babies they're like that babies right
there just an easy honor and then why
you don't be I mean I don't I don't
yeah I did just like crying so that you
know and then a kid he's like one in
tunics are having like tantrums they
start getting like really naughty in so
friends their first time ever like
texting boundaries and then you kind of
get that in their system and they go on
they join Ursaring and you go to school
I mean it's a really good pitch you
always want to like make you a happier
and she always wants to like she
recognizes authority figures either
parents or teachers or whatever and she
wouldn't want to make them happy and she
wants to me like we wants to do well in
a chain violence but it's right no no
respect for authority different like
he's really good in school and like ever
become today like it's really well
behaved you always follows it but for a
home life
I know it's just like I know I got
talking to you my friends that is it is
just voice but it's just mentally
difference you're a good kid but you
guys are going through something maybe
was it just level of naughtiness just
off the chart I'm not like a very strict
disciplinarian but we do have a lot of
rules here we are we are quite Stern and
strong with our rules and our routines
is that we do for like just take it it's
really testing me as a parent it's like
a new thing and I'm like how am I
supposed to discipline them they don't
care Rebecca so we have sticker charts
and showers and so we're getting there
we're getting there but it's like if you
trick your friends I'll be rolling in
mud you sit I'm telling you I will leave
homie if you want me to all alone oh
right
rule your eyes guy had for my delight
kiss my hand ever write your own
boasting about this home with the bro
I heart them by a week I play over when
you speak what man
he's our
okay so we are um vertical n bar in
Barca's Oh Sun balm I arrived
Embarcadero
but uh pretend like I know about me
that's what it calls our Embarcadero
Center
I think it's not like shops and stuff
the words we're looking for where we're
going to eat which is around here but
we're at number four and I think we need
to go to number two
that's quite cool as I said Phyllis
Leigh I'm probably going to pay for this
later but she's been a really good baby
she's just basically sleeping the whole
day away the jetlag baby
illness is cool it's like an outdoor
mall
hello there it is day 2 it's towards the
end of days here but I forgot to update
you Anna on one life Melia is wearing
this lovely owl outfits turnaround
ruffles dear to to do now was announced
a John Woo Eduardo come here show me
your lovely outfit tiny cat is not party
time
so in water today is dressed in this
lovely panda outfit let's go let's go
ready and he's going these are green
sort of khaki bottoms ok guys
he's also got leafy is also here
remember no kids read swimming their
Diggle swimming and whatever day today
is supposed to be
so unfortunately they're in the water
and all I could see them but there's
nothing to do so I told her trying to
call her but I know she's at I just
texted Francesca and it's a little
meeting some way to see you shake it at
donating or but it's their bedtime now
she's playing some sort of the game the
reason why by the way I'm not there with
Anna's because originally was supposed
to be for this project supposed to be
for both of us was supposed to go but we
just felt like room before we went out
we stopped bringing the kids conventions
last year and then we have to go to you
mentions like with
New York and I can be important flora we
can seize new roads employers where I
bringing this new elbow for LA and New
York last year we didn't really kill but
it's really hard and traveling we always
worried like something you have to do
when you're throwing up is you have to
write like a will and you have to
discuss and easily take a person another
person in this world that should
something ever happened with self Anna
are no longer here you could erase
meaning Eduardo it's such a hard thing
to think about you know you think I
watched in my mind like next to King
Roberto my sister but any like well yeah
but they don't live in this country and
what they continue what we needed water
continue school and their friends and
the life that we have planned for them
you know it's like trying to pick that
person and it's very very difficult and
then we're thinking like well why don't
we like limit our you know I mean our
chances that happening by splitting up a
little bit so instead of me traveling
with Ana and Alessia and the meaning is
we're staying home here with a
babysitter I decide I would stay here to
meet Eduardo and Hannah would go with a
lefty and that way we're split up and
there's an Asian chance is it is insane
concept but you just think you think
about these kind of things right the
kiddos you do think about a few things
or else you guys will think about these
things when they - hmm yeah hopefully on
Achatz at meetings the meetings swimming
shortly I wasn't gonna have to bail and
just a sudden the kids to bed without
mommy facetimes remember the time I was
in Spain oh yeah so I did actually sleep
at I just I was just reading common to
the blog wouldn't live an arrow or
something and I'm just reading comments
I mean I didn't run out of time when
Spain was did you remember a media tried
to FaceTime me and I was at that party
with Caspar and then I missed the
FaceTime and then she was so upset about
it and I didn't know till I saw the
footage next day I was like oh my god
what about odd anyway oh yeah no no so
we should say goodbye now the remoter be
another clip of state shining
there may not depending on time she
calls back at but I need to put these
kids to bed
you know I says you want to say goodbye
to our friends I hope so and still enjoy
yeah alright we say goodnight Eduardo
say goodnight to our friends yeah yeah
I'm gonna hit them with a party doll
well you just hit on yours you just did
that to yourself come here to me
okay um you gotta go
