a morning click on a compared to other
oats Oh would you not have a microwave I
don't know would you have a microwave
here it just does not work it does not
work it's a silly way if it's a micro no
wave I wave at it but it is not wave
it's me hi guys you gonna be good for
mom today no are you seeing as I am
looking at me don't say those things to
me right gots to go gets to go yo got to
go yo Jess Annika with me thanks for
coming along with me keeping me company
company Oh
I remember driving a mochi bike I miss
driving a motorbike sometimes and the
sunny day is more so not so much on
kool-aid baby nice and sunny but like
yeah and I'd be fine but now it's like
I'm too late
hop into my old warm car you know how
could you blog while driving the water
right they'll be crazy Oh imagine there
one hand up in order but then always
change gears if you got the brakes on
one side on the clutch in the air I
don't think that would work out so well
yeah
I don't think that would work out so
well
I don't believe
anybody feels the way I do about you now
now
mondays are trivial mondays are a
trivial situation
I tell you because tired from Sunday we
fighted about the week forth
come forth week come forth and embrace
me you know this is kind of weird it's
the first time I'm doing the ad in the
morning run without the hands-free thing
you know I think I'll just try to put my
hands like warm of my hands Oh
two hands while driving it's like I
don't even know what to do my second
hands while driving now I'm right but I
just start indicating or they just
changing gear randomly I can see now you
mean you you give her two hands driving
sir could you please pull your ma hands
you should say to the road disembark
listen about the engine young man
now tell me tell me who you're talking
to
it's okay officer I'm hands-free
vlogging no problem no no problem and I
can still use it as a mirror right yep
it's a double system oh yeah
not sure about that you cheap light
thing at the moment not really sure what
to do it it I think I'm still gonna keep
trying it because I think I think I got
potential you know they are the reason
they're not rolling it out to everyone
is because like I think it's like they
want people to test it and find out the
issues and problems with it you know in
order to actually broadcast the show
live but I did a lot of prep work and
I'm not just really I don't know it's
very unnecessary prep work I feel
whereas my blog TV I basically just go
to the URL and then just go start
broadcasting I know and everyone just
jumps in y'all get emails that were on
TV and as I always say blog TV people
are really good to us you know they're
always feature us and
and always like tweeting us or out
applying as an EGR to enter her a new
twit
you turn you booked her and yeah so it's
kind of I don't I said I said and I was
like if you know if YouTube think does
get working I think what I would try and
do is I try and alternate between both
of them you know until we find out what
is the better one at the moment I'll
keep trying to YouTube only because you
know I want to be a I wanna be a
billionaire so fricking bad alright this
is a billionaire I think he's a
billionaire little crazy though it was
millionaire I don't think I'd be like oh
man I wish I was a billionaire oh you
know I'm a hundred Aereo oh yeah hunter
there mm-hmm
I'd be like this and I'm 100 to go I
wanna be a hundred they're so freakin
bad I wanna have 20 quid so freakin man
but a billionaire like whoa some
countries don't even have a billion air
I don't think this has been in there in
Ireland no I'm not a hooter exhibition
art it's my don't Lee clip billionaire
potatoes definitely lower shit
we're not come from definitely loads of
millionaires but do not think there is a
billion
in our hands
like you guys coming all the way to work
with me it's so much easier when you got
the hands-free just feel like today's
day he just kind of time flows because
I'm just like talking away here and it's
all I can free it's a lot easier it's a
lot easier tell you I tell you this and
I tell you that and I will tell you the
walk guys don't forget to go and check
out all the video responses to the
meetup video because I think there's
about four or five videos from
subscribers that were actually at the
meetup event and they have all had gone
ahead and posted their video responses
and I proved them all because they're
awesome and you actually see different
perspectives the funny thing I found was
that there's a conversation and I'm just
having when they said this at one of the
girls there her mom I think didn't I
don't know what she wanted to believe
where she was or something else that
Shannon phone to Hannah right but that's
in like all of the videos which i think
is really funny but you're seeing you
from all these different perspectives
Smalley's different people like but you
see the same conversations but anyway
check it out all the video responses and
you know subscribe to me like and
comment on braid them you know you know
the drill guys or to all things that
need to be done for the people to have a
good time yeah wandering around
University
lots of blue partitions up here today
you're just slightly odd slightly odd
indeed must be something going on well
look what is going on
no you're no your future hey your future
starts here do you know your future
started here Paul I think right there
right this is you that's you know right
here I want to be open there's something
today
are you considering coming to CIT just
come to me I'll be waiting this at this
place here never talked to you about
your future you know maybe I'll do a
little talking sage five-foot-ten
captain Randy blue eyes I'm looking for
lovely after my supposed leave you now
why no I just this generator you know
and you're just kind of like guys what
about right my new crazy thing what
about for a week for what today is
Monday Monday Monday what about for this
week where I try and go for a run
everyday what did that man just say in
for a penny in for a pound what do you
guys think because that would I would
have a I wonder these days I'm gonna
have the Beachbody oh yeah I'm gonna be
like guys check it out seriously it's
gonna happen it's gonna happen your eyes
bleed that's usually happens for a bad
thing but what do you think guys every
day for a week let's see how I can know
you do to come with me on this adventure
even though my time you watching since
Tuesday so you need to go twice unless
you went yesterday okay you don't have
to go for run you gotta go for a walk
yo yo for Ron you gotta go front crawl
cycle up I do some sort of an exercise
let's try it for a week let's try a week
of exercise we need to make that sound
fun like we're like no treats for a week
I had a kind of a kind of a thing to it
you know can't be just like that's like
exercise for a week it's not it's Jo for
sighs Jo for sighs I don't know I don't
know but let's get to it if you wanna do
it let's get to it if you wanna do it
it's always good to hydrate
what the hell is that Turkey you're a
turkey wanna go for walkies guys mom we
gotta bring out a walkies daddy's going
on a run ease mm-hmm you are tired
you're very good
you're very good to them you're the best
mom in the world she was the best mom in
the world
I'm stylin I'd be stylin yo I've decided
no I was dialing yo yo okay so we're
gonna call this day one
vlog every day okay day one sounds all
warmed up Xena Xena Xena
have you got a little bit of a poo-poos
on this bum bum it's hair sometimes
grows too long and it sort of yeah I
won't show you because it's embarrassing
yeah I know I know
all right I'll get this party started
I'm in Monday afternoon go find dad I
think I think Alvey might want to go
home because he has a boob um I think
he's kind of cute like that he lives a
very sheltered life
nice dofus where's daddy where's dad
I think Albie knows where's dad going
where's daddy going we're so confused
you have to get used to this running
thing oh look he's over there who's that
who's that there
that dad Sam
lb look who's that who's that
so dead good girl Xena see now this way
let's go let's go this way come on guys
he's gonna come back around hey still
are getting used to this whole running
thing staying with mommy in the park and
then trying to go for daddy after this
joke first I'm so happy
yay daddy looks like a bunny rabbit oh
mighty fine run my friends mighty fine
run I am feeling the burn a couple of
things a couple of chores for you guys
okay first of all check this out
the Saucony Joanie's fan page right this
wasn't set up by us this was set up for
the subscribers by the subscribers so
you guys should totally check out the
Saucony Joey fan page I'm not sure who
actually set it up it doesn't actually
say and who set it up so leave me a
comment if you set it up cuz that would
be totally awesome so if you know what
to find it right either go to my profile
on Facebook as you can see yo you can
actually go to my profile on Facebook
here and I put it here or I think if you
just put it into the like address bar
thing up here you'll actually find it by
M you should totally join that and just
like it's like a forum I guess just
taking it like it's we have no control
we can't censor the media second thing
second thing guys all your work on the
book factor thing maybe starting to pay
off
because today right is my Twitter feed
these are my replies from Jonathan Joey
not usuals Daniel isn't a marine it's
bucketed who know what card it would
well you are Irish so you have a leg up
what's this know what's this I hear
watch this I seen before me so we might
actually be getting somewhere folks so
that's an
tensa fine that's intensify our effort
just just just in case you might forget
just one minute he's thinking like yo
fuck Joe who now boom that's why I like
it because you guys are booming you are
booming you are like if you you are like
boom boxes that's what you guys are like
two chores book factor and hell are our
fanpage thing where we got a like page I
don't know what is it I don't know about
it now I'm trying to grip all yeah Oh
click on your own name Dumbo no I'm
freakin num nums oh yeah oh yeah tomato
mama secret sauce yeah whoa way too much
you have to play a song at the same time
oh my goodness are you I don't know what
this is actually homemade it's just that
I put all my homemade sauce get back
into a jar yeah presentation is like
treatment patient is like 100 million
percent O's oh my god you guys should
come and dine with us no no but you're
good at it you make your doing hey this
pre you pretty much did most of the work
this guy just like put some tomatoes and
chilli in a jar oh how lazy look he
basically put the same color things
together he's like tomato and chili same
color that's what's up Oh which one is
it
I've lost when I make the parmesan
you there set the table
I know we give them chores take your
room your dirt or things that you make
children do no my name is pretty and I
taught the crazy around the house
the little dogs i grate their food when
they want cheese i grate the cheese I'm
a cool friends call me Mom now let me
show you mom
that's it it's grandmother in Italian
cuz I am an Italian grandmother no no no
no no no bomb bomb is a private affair
now we get the parmigiano and we rub it
on my bed mom yes mom what my friend it
doesn't really matter the problem is the
sharpie idiot you want some of my
parmesan your dinner
