good Sunday morning to you too mr.
Suriname and everybody else that's
involved here a summery Sunday run
Sunday morning run oh yeah
just before I forget um Samantha just to
let you know I don't have a Steadicam or
any device
no HSM I don't know I'm working um in
cameras is up for a long time I think it
just developed a steady hand yeah you
just attach it to the rearview mirror
but um by a rubber band or the one we're
using heaven are we
that's not rubber it's a stretchy
elastic it's the same thing come on guys
fine well it's elasticated versus rubber
rubber origins in the finest out for the
last year so this would be like when did
I start this crazy wedding thing Monday
though isn't it so almost it a full week
almost it a full week of this and and
I'm not painting you want to tell you
often so if you're gonna start running
just am just make sure for the first
week you're aware that you're going to
be an incredible pain but then after the
first week it doesn't hurt so much but
the trick is right which I have learned
is that whilst in pain you have to
actually do a warm-up and do a run and
I'll do like why and then it kind of
gets it kind of gets worse for another
day but then after that it actually gets
a lot better and then it just keeps
getting better and easier and easier and
now like you know I'm not feeling
anything and you can actually like jog
with the camera like this is probably a
bit fancy it's the first stretch is
always the hardest
there you go what's the moment you turn
together
my stomach doing like a little good run
and then if we walk and run again and
walk and then run again just this re
starting to build up my stamina okay I
can't design over there but I should see
if I can catch up with her back you
start now okay I can breathe again
dude slower give you a slower pace see
if we can go for a longer this time but
it was much slower pace go okay let's
give that a go
all right you know what Jonathan came to
meet me that was very nice of him never
ended I wanted to go with the dogs on a
proper walk and he had done his run and
he's come through me
all right oh there he was like nice dogs
just a jogger cute doggies me guys come
on
good girl
nope Cena come on Cena Abby it was so
cute as well I'll be went up he got
really confused because there was like
an obstruction with people I walk on and
then there was a guy and a girl with
like a stroller and the guy was wearing
shorts and he just got so confused me
like calling her running hobby
and you just couldn't get past them so
he thought that guy was his dad and he
like don't go funny he never jumps up on
people like that was like way too
trusting for him so he jumps up one on
the man cuz on his bare legs
he thought he was his dad of watching
The Beeches scene I'll be careful
not too far no better I won't be able to
get her if she goes I think she's just
looking she's looking for water you okay
I'll be okay she got some seaweed on you
yeah she just wants to be wet I think
it's a really hot day I'm super high
it's really nice today
he gets very adventurous with her yeah
he's like oh she's gone yeah I don't
want to sleep no look I'm wearing the
most stupidest things ever I'm wearing
like sweatpants that have been ripped so
they're all like shredded and frayed oh
yeah and then I'm wearing flip-flops
with it so twisted my toes are Carl hey
what you doing what you doing we go home
with the whole movie
so what set your land speed record
no anybody hmm how's that new barista
black and I kind of springs back for our
last gonna have color at her back who
feel the ABS working dumb an early work
and it's so cool because it's such a
sunny day which means like makes it so
nice running by a lake just watching
like the birds fly around the
peacefulness of the kind of countryside
that's way better than any iPod could
offer him I just something I'm a music
runner you know maybe I changed my mind
when I start doing longer paces but at
the moment I don't know I kind of like
listening to listening to nature yeah
just listen to the ambience of the world
remember last night a blogtv view of
Derek people were saying you should set
up like an iPhone channel I was like I
don't know what the cause someone said
caller ID office you know and I was like
that's actually quite a cool name I joke
astray so I'm on TV I was like nobody
take that I count on me and I was gonna
like get into it but then I was talking
to you guys I didn't wanna be rude like
so I was like I'll do it after the show
you know suck that show came along when
I was like on oh it's gone so I was like
oh it's probably got ages ago you know
someone else took it so as someone that
Connor left this on my page right and he
was like I'll check it out youichi why
Cho face and I was like gosh dad can I
have that Connor you stole it like meat
but then kind of like it wasn't me I
didn't take it so there's a channel here
right call I joke is right set up
yesterday during the blog TV and he took
it look Jake mr. Scott who was like
please give D Kenzie Oh Missy call dibs
on it so I said through a message I was
like hey I was looking for this account
name is there any chance I can have it
you know and just to see if they
actually will that I don't know maybe
give me the account or maybe they're not
we're just gonna hold on to it cuz I
don't know it's kind of mean but I was
like no I should have just turned off
blog TV and registered it right there
then but now I've lost it now I really
wanted you know before I was like I
kinda wonder but I really want it so who
ever got a job is actually just sent me
a username and password and email and
password and everything they used to set
up the channel isn't that totally
awesome so they actually just got it for
me and held on to to make sure no one
else got it thank you very much thank
you very much I've got like dopest guy
have to say you know I said any other
video about you
I said maybe you guys could support me
if you wanted to about the book factor
thing and let's just say you guys
supported me
it is ridiculous it's like I actually
went onto the page I was like oh my
goodnes like you guys are like amazing
you just like Bom Bom and it's like
you're not stopping it's like boom and
right thank you so much for what you
guys have done so far you know keep up
the good work keep up the good fight
we will get we will get there but I
can't believe that you guys like what do
that for me you know that makes me you
know first someone goes and make this is
like joke let's Ramin and your guys like
you know putting my link on it and this
stuff you're saying you're not just like
sticking a link you're like these guys
are amazing oh my god they're so nice
and genuine people stuff when I'm
reading it all I like these are like
pure compliments for me and it's like
guys making me all emoticons emoticon
I'm feeling all that motor cond
I love you guys thank you so much thank
you so much for work that's done and
let's keep up the good fight we will do
this you guys want some cheats huh
always point your cheeks doodle trick
yeah it's like jumpy right Huskies
subscribe or cheats this is sent by a
subscriber we got here huh
sit sit Cena the girl Ally good boy yeah
into bed your num-nums
tasty num nums birdy num-num birdy
num-num you guys awesome I love you guys
I love you guys so much see that it's
like it's like a big dip I want to
barbecue
you with the Barbie we can barbecue a
Barbie what about a barbecue McRib
sandwich like no fast-food car - hi can
I get a large chicken south of me about
we do this is what we've done now right
this is the new rules right you have one
treating you either have a treat dinner
or you have a treat dessert if you have
like you know takeaway or pizza or
something like that like the Joey over
there and then am then there's like no
dessert order the boys are or if you
have like a boring healthy dinner you
get to have like hey funny feel dessert
I just I'm just laying it out laying out
the details can tell where the burglars
went look cuz there's sugar in the floor
you can follow their footsteps you find
out where the burglar there's one now so
we've decided to go for a good dinner
bad dessert let's just go straight to
the fun zone
welcome to the fun zone
- come on three what a Happy's like a
couple of morons me rule AIDS carrot
cakes mmm carrot cake sounds a little
better it sounds like it's got a
vegetable in it no no it sounds like
vegetable I'm gonna trade my carrot
cakes for a couple of square brownies
and a couple of chop buns few pancakes
cupcake chalky dough cream cakes oh yeah
yeah yeah dr. Joe no they've no whispers
I love whisperer no whispers rubs on
guys but you know what right here's the
sea life you can get the way be because
the whispers are gone my options are
right it's like two for three right so
it's like you can have a twirl and a
flake a twirl and a flake it's over the
please explain to me the difference
between a twirl and a flake because I
think they're pretty much the same thing
okay comment up for a play difference
please I tested the live stream thing
okay I'm just crazy device here and I
actually am actually get it working
which is awesome okay so I actually
changed the codec stream that I was
using I was using a and avi codec which
is hastati 64 which is the kornek that
i've used for you know rendering the
blog's but I changed it to you a 300
kilobit per second transfer rate within
on VP to 6 which is the flash codec so
it'll strip it down it's only an 8 bit
what is Jeff is talking about nobody
knows I'll be quiet now
- should work we tested right there and
it did work a couple who dropped in so I
say I'm gonna talk I know 8 o'clock is
like crazy and departing for the people
in the United States of America but it's
totally unplanned this is just I wanted
to see like you've a lot of people jump
into the lobby and we're all chatting
away will it continue to work and we're
gonna find out in about 45 minutes
were you there was it fun two nights in
a row - live show was two nights in a
row we should do a live show every night
also you guys check out my my new
channel leo which is just set up if I
can just direct your attention here
I don't know if you are if you have any
interest in actually am you know going
to say gosh and going into channel but
if you go to my page a knows you may not
a sister or black-and-white photo here
hello black and white fellow you're
picking is my iPhone channel yo and I
haven't really done anything with it yet
but you know um oh I'm subscribed
fantastic couple of subscribers 25ml
already boom I am yeah basically I learn
just kind of like upload on it go like
it'll be all like sine of one day no
editing nothing like that it'll all be
like directly uploads from like the
iPhone or webcam or you know you know
what you do with iPhone channels yo no
one so I'm yeah go subscribe if you
wanna hit you wanna now back to making
sure that the video encoder life works
because last night was a slight bit of a
fail oh but hopefully it works tonight
hopefully fingers crossed our fingers
crossed
not during the summer month kids turn
nose off
save the world live shows in 25 minutes
but we have an emergency we have an
emergency situation this is super
important this is the most emerging
ethical situation ever how important is
this emergency we tell them to emergency
is or we let it unfold itself we're
gonna let it unfold itself come on we've
no time for this no time guys grab a dog
tight this is a tight deadline folks
because I'm always late for the live
shows but I'm pretty sure I'm pretty
sure we have this you've got this sorted
this is a sore et mode and it was pretty
ariados the people would be like oh I
don't even know what time is in America
it's like a breakfast live show it's
like a morning show you can't say I
don't know what time it is in America
because America is different times oh
yeah you know why don't know East Coast
West Coast whatever in somewhere in the
planet this is like a breakfast show
Joffe is a.m. or a good morning good
morning javis
I feel I'd be an amazing breakfast host
show I'd be the best morning show ever I
would get everyone into easily land
excited I would have been like
good morning did you buy some morning
dew to pass so I look at the coffee
person and I'm waiting yeah but like
morning show people to like don't sleep
they they they did for them when the
morning show is on it's like nighttime
you know
you know so it's different like you know
things that keep working
save it for your wife yes no actually I
totally I'm not taking advantage of my
my new device is easy beeper
which is the paper there we go we're now
taking advantage of the of the new
system
yeah it's a report of them faith until
oh I know you're trying to see safe
means he fell but it's actually kind of
annoying so mofo ho yo somos fo ho yo I
think maybe what it was is that he's
from far away
yeah yeah it's got way by its got my B's
gonna say best VR
what we've no time to do that kind of
stuff I know everyone was watching she'd
be like you drove past my house if you
didn't say hello
well oh budget we've got an emergency
situation
he's lost look at him I would you look
at him now and you ask us and you guys
can go leave me a comment if you're from
Galway because we're thinking of doing
something in Galway but whoa okay guys
this guy's scaring me now is he's like
swerving all over the road if I were
driving right now
I'm driving her Tina Turner had to drive
if you are driving I'd be quite squared
right now squared it's all over the
place yo he doesn't know where he is
this is cork mite so let me comment if
you from go away
or leave me a cola or but if you also
leave me a comment if you're from Ulster
Belfast preferably of us give Belfast
not try that or don't talk Reno's people
because that's I consider that like
that's kind of like Dublin but we're
thinking of doing something in order go
away or Belfast in the coming weeks so
we're just trying to find like do we
have any Galway subscribers but do you
have any Belfast or subscribers because
then it'll be like fair zero because
we've got a Lancer Meetup and we have
done a monster Meetup and all we need to
do now is a conic and an ocean or meetup
and we have done the four provinces of
Ireland
and then it's Braddock babies like that
falling down film anyway and then we're
gonna might do something in the UK will
be the next thing it's gonna do all the
prophets in Ireland let me wait -
something in London or I don't know my
chest or something we'll see let's see
what see you see we'll see Mike and then
obviously then it'll be like Germany and
then we'll be all the way around to like
wedding time and then obviously the
wedding we're gonna do something in
Naples we're gonna do Naples meetup
Nepal and all he's gone he's gone he
went a different way
who uzo museos but we have me do here
okay we're almost at our emergency
destination okay ten minutes to make it
back how's the emergency situation she's
loving it
I got her i McFlurry she needed a flurry
stai and when the lady needs a flurry
drop everything get a flurry I also got
m6 chicken nuggets for these two little
guys just because I love them some call
me crazy butters just call me Joe face
so the YouTube life thing completely
failed and didn't work out very well so
we ended up guess what we ended up we
ended up back here yo who wants better
buggies oh hey oh yeah that's my party
that's my crew yo you guys are part of
my crew give it up give it up what she
put the actual minky thing in the top
but yeah so we here last night was a
cool it was real wasn't happening
