hmm day 301 John it's so anticlimactic
today 300 feels like I'm over the hump
you know just kidding just kidding just
kidding
Joey is totally awesome guys and I'm
super happy this happened because not
started and I got this I got this
feature like last week when YouTube said
they're gonna pay to roll it out to very
specific channels right boom kind of
gets it and I'm like that's not fair you
know which is I don't even use it that's
wasting it you know and they're like
slowly rolling an act they're like you
know he has to be good standard you
gotta be partnered and you've got to
like you know contribute to the
community constantly and brother brah
but anyway Wendy this morning checked it
out boom oh yeah live streaming live
streaming oh you just click that button
right and it is a live stream look I
just shared an event and she said I went
in for tonight that's what I'm going to
do what I'm going to do isn't that so
awesome because now we don't actually
have to go to blog TV anymore you know
I'm sorry blog TV but this is cool
because now you can do everything within
our own channel that's so cool I wonder
do people like to subscribers get
notified or wonder how it works it's
probably like early stages cuz we're
calling it beta at the moment but this
is so cool so I suppose it would have
been last night if you've gone to our
channel you would have seen that we're
doing a live show but it's just so good
to be able to do to always want that one
to be able to do my blog TV inside my
youtube channel this is totally cool
this is like this is like oh my god
brown rag hanging Brown breaking yep
it's like groundbreaking but it's like
brown so it's like brown breaking you
excited today I was singing about
dancing about playing with the dogs and
a monster a monster approached me you
guys want to see a close-up of the
monster do you prepare yourself turn
away now if your squeezy so I'm about to
show you guys a monster
that is a scary scary monster if I may
say so myself
scary monster isn't that a scary monster
trying to remove the scary monster
thankfully I have a Mother's Day card
here which is proving to be quite
helpful so let's just slide over come on
oh god no not better not better
that's better that's better guys they
certainly are wobbly and they certainly
are versatile now can you pop little
legs make daddy's num nums there's Danny
ones - num num num num num num num off
we go to the meat of today off we go to
the meat of powerful call Coco nians
whoa yesterday I ran this time we were
parked right here when I parked we were
driving right here and we are vlogging
today we're doing the exact same thing
and we're logging in the same place at
the same time why does this world come
to
lots of stairs always seems a spooky I
think it's because it so many feelings
that community have your shoes this the
same thing knows right me wondering on
that's right in this corner it's the
same thing I was going there huh maybe
something different there this guy Oh
shopping
so our - and coffee with a couple of
home dogs in corn man recognize that
when you know who came the furthest they
all from courts clonakilty or they are
you old sea princess no love this thing
now like so Bowl thing that the coolest
thing ever
flux capacitor yeah
if two people blog each other at the
same time we can I change the world he
jabs me thanks for loving every day
that's enough Dave and Cody
it's so cute pointing is not subscriber
well we've got more dogs than humans at
this point it's kind of funny how many
are you sees you when you're doing as I
go wait a minute like it is this is so
cool look at us Vegas it's so cool and
this super handwriting
that is so cool
yeah and then she sometimes watches I
shouldn't watch them back when she hears
the video back and she start something
like that yeah we're saying like and she
watched the video much like tweets where
Abby's more like gets there come on 300
days I know what's going on he's quite
an easy there I'm sitting here right
talking to these four gentlemen Anna is
sitting over here talking to all these
girls Oh
is it easy to make up and stuff yeah
both boys have got my technical
technical stuff school
well he's an exception to the rule the
rest of us boys are okay he's okay to
blogging
let's make too much the cameras can talk
anyway dough now goodbye of course your
friends run off to McDonald's say
goodbye off ones blogging crazy lame job
don't seem on my camera thank you
your daughter is really pretty she's
really cute thank you thank you for
letting her come today to meet the
strangers from the internet yes
absconder ex-con
it's lovely for all the people that they
come very cool but they're not as
obvious like the mayor ones are funny
like when you're driving like always yes
this conceals the identity of the
cameraman it's my honey that was fun was
that fun ninis yep we had a good old
time I hope the people that came had a
good old time I think they didn't I
think everyone had a good ol time
whoa whoa the smell of that I'm so
hungry and so thirsty I think that was I
think that was longer than a Dublin one
yeah I think we ended up saying like
much longer with those those old
subscribers and we did actually the
Dublin ones people that I thought it was
gonna be like five six people I know you
guys weren't able to make it to the
meter okay and it wasn't the same
without you but you know what you guys
got a toy bunny toy seems like destroy
you got a toy you got a toy the toys in
there - yeah oh okay you ready ready
ready you guys ready
Hey ready toy get your tea there's two
things in there boy Albie
get the toy guys oh this is from Nev and
Cody say thank you and even Cody so no
one wants these treats then okay well
I'm just gonna go upstairs I am spend a
little time with my chocolate Oh best
friend hello Pauline Hodge old Nathan I
think you should eat us all up yum yum
yum I will eat you up I will eat you up
in my caramel tum tums this is going on
a subscriber wall this is awesome I just
I can't get over this this is so cool
look off the test here we go bagel
slicing YouTube our little foot says
little heads us this is so cool yum yum
in my tum tum this is such a cool card
this is such a cool card I love that
card there's not a card from Karen
Murray beauty tips no it's cool about
the YouTube thing look at this it
actually has like it a countdown timer
luck the event to be live two hours 35
minutes come back later
it's not really cool we're heading over
to mama star lights to get some dinner
and we'll be back to go live live from
YouTube's headquarters I don't know
you're not gonna know those shows as I
live in front of a live studio audience
we're going to Alma's house for some
time now some ups and we're like rekt
tired opportunity it was a really good
day but we're so tired right now and I
have to edit as well when I get home we
had a live show and then okay it's all
going on Jonathan's idea of course I
want George attend oh I know it's just a
lot I feel like we've already had a life
show I know yeah we're long live show me
and now we're going for it dyndns and oh
I'll be found a man we're going to
Alma's house yeah
yes we are you eat your ginger nuts
missus eat your ginger nuts everyone
have you eaten your ginger nut I don't
want a sick subscriber in my car
yes I'll be you go boy we're gonna go to
Alma's house Oh what
mums come on with us you are the
num-nums get the num-nums from their
subscribers oh I got chocolate um nom
noms
you got treat num noms my mommy get
smelly num noms ginger nuts
what are you watching in there
you do something to your hair
character doesn't love us look tuna
steaks I do like a tuna steak I've never
had a tuna steak but I think I will
enjoy a tuna steak also some of this
Malarkey's some Malarkey's monarchy and
similarities
my name is staring contest with Erika
I'm probably going to win this here we
all ready one two three go you can't see
you can't see me oh that's really pretty
isn't it
well blessings oh yeah that's kind of
cool actually and you have to do
something with this Oh mom said you can
lift it up in that box key do me just to
try that in there yeah I guess put the
table in do you know what I meant yeah
because you're stupid
you actually like need someone off to
help you because how are you will we
take apart the fence first that's what
I'm gonna do you do your job
wait I can just remove it because you'll
need more room voice you like put it on
top of down there no I said like it's a
table so it has to go on its legs go fix
it
thank you don't break that name where's
the pond remade whoa does the time you
made mmm did I are you doing a backflip
no you are I can't do no back you know
nothing I don't a gymnastic thing watch
he do not feel better you do you flip
when she's a headbanger did you
gymnastics in school to round off now oh
do you have to hold it now to get up and
hold it here we go one two three it was
really good it was really good how long
can you can any you guys do our
handstands and how long can you do a
handstand for now this is a bit tricky
because it's like an elevated grass area
Xena oh it's hard because it's elevated
here seeking that I here we go World
Championship final
Erica Saucony stands up Oh attempt one
to ten - can you bring home the gold can
she bring home the gold
Oh Cena Cena Cena you've got like leaves
all over you now you can look like
you're about to run down this moji Cena
can't stay too long here cuz we have to
go and do the live show did I show all
under you - oh I said this could be fun
this is a nightmare oh right I had to
download and install this thingy and
then I don't know what I'm doing like
the life thing and it's like encoding
redirecting it's like I don't even know
what's going on here this is so annoying
okay stop okay bye alright live show
right start a new event awesome software
color flash media live encoder brilliant
category people blogs and then here it's
like FMS URL so it's gonna be quick with
okay hey you're on a blog okay it's over
I'm just you guys want to say hello to
the vlog at ease or if you were under
vlog least you want to say hello to
yourself look hi blockage is like so
many of the videos that were taking over
me today you're just like I know I know
what you're on it hurry up time's
running out I'm being pinched bitch
you're a pincher you're a pincher she's
the pincher guys and I don't like
pincers
