yeah hello I think that you thought I
was gone but I'm not I have come and I
have taken the rug from them together
excuse me donkey you'll have your time
in a moment let me just grab the vlog
yeah look at my friend hey no no no you
cannot eat me doggy
oh goodness sake so morning guys today I
have so many things to do Oh life is
hard being a monkey so he's a card yeah
there's a flower well done that's a
chair
what do you want hmm
do not try and eat me
sometimes I don't know why they keep
these dogs anywho stay 300 for
300 days and I've turned into a monkey a
monkey I tell you I pay for slicing I
beg or slicing I'm a bit concerned that
I might actually lose my head if I
continue to do that but bacon sensing
and behavior go slicing that Joe Faso he
sometimes make me laugh and sometimes
kill him but I don't they restrain
myself because I am monkey probably
going to have to go off to Tesco later
on you know have to test there we go
today Oh to test there we go
I'm a monkey now I'm a monkey then
everybody hey you know sometimes it
really annoys me when people say to me
hey monkey
what's your to him it's a camera in your
hand I see I'm blocking god dammit I'm
on blue - whoo - that's what I do have
wrong on the youtubes well I'm a vlogger
and part of a vlogging humility
check me out the flip TV don't forget
subscribe no yes I killed humans they
don't worry about that there's no
problem with that there's no problem at
all
so and yeah just editing up the video
for tomorrow you know you guys better be
careful we'll go to the same place at
your possibly I said you better be
careful dog how do I see the most
beautiful girl in the world
hi baby you look so beautiful
what are you talking about
I am me give me a hug give daddy some
sugar daddy some sugar it is a monkey
that's you're mocking me do not mock me
I find that very discriminative I am a
monkey
let's give daddy some sugar come on
daddy some sugar and prom oh it is it is
that way oh crap he's javis gotta go
okay don't tell him about this okay okay
holy polios guys 300 days of logging
every day why I must have gained a lot
of muscle in my arm from holding this
camera camera and that was my friend
monkey there's something different
acknowledged a 300 and I was like to
make it up all day no I probably could
not keep that up all eight but I thought
I'd open with something funny something
different shows differential funny so
we're gonna go to the Popo it is lovely
lady ooh I like this M this t-shirt
anything hey where'd you get that from
beauty
see he goes from she goes from there to
there Wow Wow come on guys
he still has monkey in his end it made
it not ease because those dangling in
front of rage we have made a hands-free
vlogging device check it out look two
hands two hands he's a whole new
perspective under flog it he's because
normally when I'm driving along
sometimes I think of like loads of
things to say or I'm like chatting away
to myself and then I never actually said
it because I always remember to our
forget fact he turned to block these on
but this way it's so super cool you know
what else is really clear about its got
like em it's like a track system so I
talked to Adam just like pull it across
here time see it's not really good I'm
tweeting by the way me tweeting let's
just pull the track system back
we need to make it so it has actually
little noise how far over can you go
that's pretty good actually using some
super cool what I want to test though is
they're like audio level under when you
go faster this is just with one one
hairband only using one hairband in this
particular situation what we could do a
bit of rubber actually you don't have to
get a rubber that you get like on like a
parcel or something that might actually
work quite well
but is this so cool this is days are
gonna change everything
this is gonna change a300 we figure out
how to make hands-free blogging well
what a day 300 it's been so far let's go
to the Popol box also I think we need to
get some munchetty crunchy DS cuz I am
feeling hungry we were in town yesterday
we're in town today and we are in town
tomorrow that is probably the most times
we've ever gotten to town in one week
it's crazy yo we're like townies now
just like oniy townie Jolie's I said em
this morning cuz I was like this is day
300 well yeah this day 200 so I said on
Facebook this morning which is like
yesterday for you guys and I said you
know about like jihun sp it's been like
a joyride you know and someone said ha
it's been like a jolly ride and I said
to myself that's a funny little
fantastic funny Joe it's like Henry it's
like when the first time they invented
like hands-free on the car you're like
hello hello cracking the sunroof it is
super sunny super hot and I'm loving it
he's loving it loving it loving it 1111
a large so something Crazy's goin on
here just kind of doing it's got a stick
he's trying to stick with a rope over
the edge and now he's pulling something
up
there's something down there
guys did you see people of a wheel yeah
and they're like that
and I had to rescue seem like a pleasant
guy but he pulled away
Oh BAM Obama we just got we just got
done folks our popularity has increased
tenfold and we just got caught so the
place that we get the P o box we've
always had like them sort of a personal
Theo box thing you know cuz they said
original was like oh if only for
personal no business and said we're not
gonna have no business yo but it turns
out that I think we might actually fall
under business I think it's because we
became too popular and you guys are
sending us so much cool stuff which is
like totally awesome I love when I get
stuff from you guys and it's totally
awesome and then Anna gets like all the
stuff for the style like the product if
you use everything you know and then
they were like and we had to renew it
when I was in there and he was like yeah
no I I went to your blog you know and
I've seen your YouTube stuff and you're
selling books and you're doing all this
kind of stuff you know and it's like
gosh darn it did you subscribe I hope
you subscribed and liked it and rated it
so gosh darn it our popularity our
popularity has increased which is
awesome but it is also it's the first
time where you're actually gonna like
carnage hi I'm yo but anyway it's not
too bad but we're a business now hello
I'm a business man I must wear a suit
and tie every time I go through the Popo
box am actually not calling the Popo box
anymore recording the professional post
office mailbox sorting office I'm going
to the post office mailbox sorting
office because I'm going to do some post
box mail off for sorting generally like
recycle stuff it's dry he doesn't smell
you can very easily forget about it and
you can slowly build up over time and
then all of a sudden you've got an
entire room full of recycling goods so
my plan instead of trying to get all
this stuff and actually like drag it all
the way around the corner we're actually
going to take it all right bring it out
to the balcony because right
the balcony is the actual bin in place
right so the bin ping is that is that a
house there so we're gonna follow this
up here I'm gonna get down there and
Anna it's going to troll all the stuff
down to me it's not a cool idea what
have you ever done that if we will just
let recycling stuff fill up like out of
control
bins are different good things are like
stinky while recycling isn't stinky all
right look oh my goodness
are you serious do you know what day it
is it is April and there is a Christmas
tree in here all right loads of room
here all right
I wonder could we actually we're one of
those things out and you control all
directly down into it let's see it is
very sad go try not to let it hit off
the edge if you can all right why is it
recycling it's that 100 the nice tightly
packed okay I'm gonna try and catch this
one right you ready
there you go one-handed catch Joey
well his mom is walking him at the
moment and she just walked past
what Oh No
try and drop it straight down here yeah
and that is it
we managed almost fill one of these at
one of these big things like crazy but
that's it done I was such a good idea we
got here top and large limb plumper is
that the thing that stings your lips
high definition it's all NYC lipstick
sorry sorry sorry some sort of a
cartwheel don't have a lip gloss get
this one here guys thank you so you know
do not fight it Xena you cannot fight it
this is from girly image early image on
Youtube subscriber Cena Cena do not eat
the card do not eat the card okay and
then we got another hand made to lick it
mm-hmm look at this one it comes with
sparkling gems got the doggy oh this is
from Katrina Annie and Lilly
oh good diamonds diamonds are forever
they're making part which is which is my
pal
that we're doing
right nice lip stuff lip stuff that's
mascara eyeliner eye stuff I stuff eye
shadow and this is face face shadow no
no see that she's already taking a bite
out of it
such a nice pleasant afternoon makes me
like you more
no they aren't nice they're bouncy
I like bouncy balls so wait a weather
will be nice tomorrow when we're sitting
inside in the cafe oh snap - hurry all
right ease its run time again we got the
wrong time but this time you know what
the plan is guys we're gonna actually
get Anna to act she's gonna come down
with dogs again so she can bug and I'll
be running around in circles cuz I kind
of have this sort of a track area so it
worked out it sort of works out nicely
because it's around the green so Anna
can say in there with the doggies you
know while I'm sort of like running
around all these positive things you
guys go for run you guys want to go for
run ah when they closer to the beach
body face
okay
right here all the way around there and
then across that and then back up around
here it's Nina
see I'm Cena's master mistress whatever
and I'll be I'll be you'll stay with his
dad because he belongs to Daddy
Tina belongs to me come on guys let's go
let's go I'll be let's go this way
no no see you know this way come on this
way she's so confused she big salaries
here see that
far away was a joke cute Oh me and daddy
look at her music yeah be like where did
you come from
this is how I walk down with zombies
every single day so why you don't get to
see and we all get tangled up to each
other to meets there okay you're
occupying one here because of all the
wind anyways almost caught up with dad
anyways as I was saying earlier what you
don't see I walk them mostly in the
mornings and when I'm on my own when
constants not here so the vlog isn't
here but deletes get all twisted up and
tangled up in this really funny and then
sometimes they go around my poster poles
or anything and it's just so crazy
oh my god
okay well what lb don't roll around in
nuts stuff you don't have to start all
the videos they used to say to me but
like all like the video and stuff
because it's liking and a favoriting and
all that stuff it is important obviously
to get the videos you know to get more
attention or to get like higher rating
so therefore more people see it and so
the show progresses and grows and stuff
like that you know and I did it for a
while and then I just kind of got like
look if you like it like in favorite
favorite and I know a lots people are
pushing that but be awesome
you know if you like the video press the
like button and if it's your favorite
video favorite video you know but I'm
not gonna have something for like oh my
god get outside and do that you know but
there is something that you know I would
love I think it'd be awesome you know
and it's day three hundred so it's your
turn I'm doing it for 300 days now it's
her turn
not really but if you if you want okay
I'm just gonna say if you want because I
don't is that like everybody just what
you have to do okay that I am that book
factor thing that Michael Buckley is
doing right I think would be like
awesome to actually like get featured by
someone it's someone big like that cuz I
never really got any shoutouts by anyone
like these 300 days you know we've done
it completely by ourselves we don't
really got promoter and then you know I
think that we do I think our channel
probably could grow I think if we got
the right push
we could probably am grow this challenge
being something like totally awesome
OSIS but at the moment like we're like
like moses but i like a bit of osmosis
with that you know so a while ago our i
think last week week before one of
scrappers daniel went and put the link
on his book factor facebook page okay
and you know we squirt on twitter like
oh my god so cool we've got an 86 likes
or something but the problem is like
everyone else wants to get featured
ceramics like bubble bobble and push to
add a page and you probably never even
see me you know because other people
will get low in their like everybody
please both me please both me please
vote for me so i've never really been
one to kind of like i don't push people
too much into getting people to vote and
stuff like that so but i think i'll be
dead totally awesome you know and I
don't wanna like don't do it don't do it
you don't want to do it but if you do
want to do it and you do want to do
something for us it would be like
totally awesome if you guys go to either
the water book
YouTube page and go to like the book
factor ones and sorry
like TV and like you know tumbling it up
or go here to DM this is the Facebook
page buck factor and all you gotta do is
like if you just paste our video in
there and tell him why why you like us
and why do you think like we're totally
awesome why we should be featured and
you don't like it and if you see any of
our videos they're like comments and
like it and comment and like it and post
it and post it and like it and comment
and and if enough people do it you know
he can't really ignore it cuz that's
like all right whoo he's crazy but and
tweet him I started tweet him send him
tweets and Facebook and YouTube and just
you know just keep at it like just we'll
do it for like one week and then if we
don't get picked on like either one of
your shows in a week and we just give up
and then I'll never ask you guys
anything ever again but just for this
one week just just one week we just like
like that's that's G we can actually get
ourselves you know like featured on the
show
cuz if you like totally amazing you know
I'm always been waitin on like somebody
please give Joe Paso I do too but that
would mean that would mean the world to
me guys if you guys can help me and I'm
not saying maybe we'll make maybe our
shows crap like maybe he's not gonna
give us that the push you know but this
would be loads of opportunity like this
in YouTube but I've never persuade for
never proceeding because I don't like
asking people to do stuff for me I don't
like asking you know you guys to go and
like and favorite and share and blah
blah but you know I don't you know but
in this particular case you know I've
watched it for like two weeks now and
I'm like okay fine let's do it let's do
it
let's make it happen make it so so if
you guys could do that that will be
totally awesome thanks
