some morning of the dentist my legs are
still really sore I'm not as bad as
yesterday but my plan is today right
it's today we'll warm up a little run
and then a cool down and trying that
trying work the pain away it's
definitely enough for a Joe Fox out
there so don't 420 Joe Paso's there but
I have an appointment Joe's they didn t
on Joe's in about 20 minutes
so I'm trying to get myself a cup of
coffee before I go I'm thinking about
going to the dentist you have to have
the cup of coffee then you have to brush
your teeth afterwards you know we should
arrive up all like coffee I'm out
hi I'm here for a new set of teachers
please what is they in consultation but
this is going to M don't like look at
all this and x-rays and all sorts of
carrion and then she's going to decide
at the end of that what course of action
we should pursue should we just forget
about it because there's absolutely no
point mr. Joe day because I don't know
if I can stupid anyway black what are
you gonna do what I'm gone I think we
need to put a little mark there
bloody hell might like the helmet and
it's going into town with her friends
when I get home proper rim for some cut
are you coming to the meetup on Saturday
and we're just like chillax grab a
coffee glass of water
bloody cheapskate and we're just like
hang about have a life
have some fun I think yeah the computer
geeks computer geeks they are two guys
to two friends iou's I think their
friends they live in the middle of
nowhere so Marin County yeah I think
it's mellow I could be wrong or y'all
and that's not y'all where do they live
I think it's not alright
those guys are gonna be there you got
any computer questions to ask
that would be the best time to do it
know about the computer ops so two weeks
ago when I went into those guys for the
first time they handed me this form to
fill out but uh I didn't find time in
two weeks look ahead the porn so I'm
just gonna get Anna she's the official
forms that are at her that's her job
she's got the handwriting it makes
people think that's an intelligent
diligent man where's mine looks like
it's a five-year-old sarna's gonna fill
out the form just make it up as you go
along just tick the boxes make it happen
make it so waiting at my new Sonny's are
they son tastic are they some tastico
Did you touch the camera right here like
this does that actually does actually
have me in focus because that will kind
of be the answer to all my all my
problems if that actually has me in
focus on my fully unfocused there so I
am heading to my dental consultation
dental consultation over goes well
because well if you don't give out to be
inside robust what have you been doing I
like my saucy glasses I brightens
everything up the other ones were kind
of I don't know it just felt very like
you know mirrored glasses right aren't
you talking about I bought them in Bosco
right bascomb is this little section of
Bournemouth and it was a Bosco market on
a Saturday myself and I know are walking
through and I saw him like five euros
now five pounds all right five pounds
I'll take them
if my other ones broke or something on
the drive over from Dublin or not Dublin
moving from Waterford all the way down
to Bournemouth and they broke along the
way so excited by new ones but I kind of
annoyed me for ages because they were
like big sort of dirty mirrors I know
but these wasn't much better and they
they actually brighten everything up
brighter than the other ones make
everything darker so if I went into a
tunnel or something I'd be like I can't
see anything anymore
oh so now he's the writer and a couple
of people asked me am a few a few people
were saying that I get those clothes yo
and awesome thank you once again for all
your lovely kind words still coming in
and yeah I did actually I bought
everything that I showed you guys that I
tried on I actually had bought
everything the shirt the jumper the air
taxi jeans and everything all that kind
of stuff I actually ended up buying
because I look snazzy
okay so consultation is over I will tell
you guys what I have to do but it's like
she lifts that like I'm tons all this
different stuff you know it's like what
you very first I was like fix the phone
dude it was like you I am so vain this
is not me but this is what I want to
look like at the end hello my name is
Joe Faso and this is my nice titties but
these are all a million things I have to
be done and she was all like okay so
actually you know what it was an awesome
experience guys if you're in Cork right
go to smiles and more cosmetic dental
care or complete dental care for East
Village these kids are awesome
she totally checked him out because the
girl was like so cool even the nurse
girl if you're it's like the
receptionist is always like a nurse
almost be like a tough job but um yeah
they were just like dad on people you
know and I know it's just felt like
I was he but I was able to be like
really honest did you say like you know
the kind of work that I do now you know
I said I go to be on YouTube man who's
like am I always see myself videos and
pictures and stuff and I just feel like
I'm getting more and more conscious you
know and if she's like dad
but you know what I need to get done and
we went to like all the like you know
the practical stuff that needs to be
done a couple of things she's gonna
change at like all the silver fillings
or whatever you call them mentally
filling type things that you get don't
you go change him on and white I told
her that the wedding is in September so
she's like okay well I should be able to
you know it's a tight deadline but we
should be able to em we should be able
to get it all done by September and so
was I and then we got some digital x-ray
things on it he's really a high tech and
I just felt like there's a really good
experience you know she said I shouldn't
feel anything and then I told her my
reservations about you know what I don't
like about dentist and what I do like
about dentist and you know she's a
really good experience um so the first
thing I'm gonna do is on a 29 of this
month we're gonna get a root canal done
on the front tooth here right and then
when they finished root canal it's gonna
take 30 days after that before they can
add put the veneer or whatever the whole
thing is on top of it so but in that
timeframe I was like what can't you just
shave down a little bit so it's like the
same Lane so we're in the road to
recovery mohos and then all the owner
kind of boring stuff that has to be done
with all the em motors but she's gonna
do some bridging I'm gonna get some
bridges done okay build a break yo yo
cuz I have some an a few little issues
there Dani fit and care of and she's
like Oh Wicky just like a bridge demo so
awesome morning consultation one down
the job says like it's all done right in
like in like sections you know and the
first one was the consultation which is
done then that's all those other kind of
stuff like I have to be done so we are
we are on the way to recovery
now I must edit the video edit the video
I come up with the best design for it
yeah Haga Saxon because obviously guys
that is what I you know I was like I was
thinking of all the different phrases
and stuff that we use you know and then
that's thinking like a county mega
t-shirt it says off the Tesco we go like
come on then you know and it can be like
off to bleep we go and that's try to
variations as they help you to say off
to we go you know rather than just an
off to you know so I've seen you want
and I think you over the bagel slice and
wine
like oh yeah that's an awesome one you
know so bagel slicing is definitely
gonna ruin a few options on what do you
think like I'll probably make the
t-shirts but I'm thinking to make money
I really like these air texting's I
think they suit my physique quite well
I've learned from the style life to
enhance you know based on you know your
body shape and stuff and based on my
body shape and their areas that I like
to you know enhance my good areas so I
might make companies air tech things I'm
not sure about the UM the hoodies the
probabilities will probably be for sale
on either district lines or a cafe press
or press cafe though it's called I'm not
Jordan Scott Hot Topic so it's closed I
don't know
whatever couple of those things you know
and they'll be available for sale there
probably because initially I can't
afford behind all those hoodies and so
what yeah it's just too expensive for me
to do I need to be expensive for you
because it would end up getting red mean
charging you guys a ton where is the
t-shirt thing and it won't be that
expensive you know to get them to like
design and print them and ship them out
to wherever in the plan that you guys
are living and also there may be an
opportunity maybe I'm stressing very
maybe where people in Ireland or
specifically court that might want to
buy the t-shirts there might be a
facility where you don't have to buy
them online there might be a place to go
I don't wanna say anything but I just I
have an idea today and I'm thinking you
know that my bloody work for people that
don't but everyone else internationally
obviously you're gonna have to buy it
online we're not quite online or
probably gonna set up like a PayPal
thing I don't know where I'm going to
put it may be honest check a blog thing
I do know somewhere and it'll be like
I'm taking like $20 or something like
that which is our 20 euros or something
like that we took over the cost of
shipping it buying t-shirt printing a
t-shirt and shipping t-shirt out you
know so something like that and then be
like you know give me a name you know
shipping address and stuff like that
like and we'll probably have to do what
I'll probably have to do first is that
you know get into it you know find out
how many people want it because it's
different it's not like our district
lines orichalcum packs with one of them
where it's like you know they have like
hundreds and thousands of t-shirts there
so you just said I'd give me 50 teacher
boom on the ball so fast so I don't have
no printing store so it'll probably be a
fact that like once we have 10k like yay
I'll try and try and get sample t-shirts
made so I can wear it I mean modeling me
like that kind of carry on and then we
can have the t-shirts and what I'll do
then is that'd be like if you want one
you sent me a message we'll kind of say
like okay that's going this day cuz I
can't be like messing the printer people
around cuz I'm trying to get like the
cheapy Odile to you know I mean so we
can all get cheapo t-shirts not cheap
quality because that's the thing is well
just learner company I looked at it was
cheaper but the quality was cheap
whereas these guys are like you know
it's high-end teacher I want a nice
fitted t-shirt
you know and then April gives me their
size and stuff and then we'll find out
exactly you know no messing about we got
exactly the many people that want them
and the size is never that and we'll get
one batch done we'll get the one batch
done printed off it goes and then that's
it to read the next time Debbie for sale
will be in storage you know like in the
shop thing so there won't be hand licked
by me but you'll get to watch the whole
process but what doesn't even talk to my
hair even gather I begin to explain that
I don't know man horse my horse
and I was just telling me there that in
Japan damn they actually have like a
rescue a pet rescue thing at the moment
trying to rescue all the like cats and
dogs and stuff like a risk that got lost
within the earthquake and the tsunami I
mean that's like so cool but you put a
link on your Facebook was it yeah
yeah my facebook facebook in facebook
check it out guys it's so cool that
they're actually going to do that and
there's also like really good stories
about you know dogs have been rescued
and stuff like that so I'll check it out
he's heading its tanner to meet up with
a a friend do but you know we're
actually we're actually meeting in
tribes so this is like a a pre meet up
test run all right is what we'll do
we're driving this way and we'll come up
here and we'll stop here yes that's the
plan hi one ticket please thank you
onward
a NCM Bex what is Tribeca tribes
we're reading we're back in tribes so
we're actually going to Tribeca that's
we're gonna call that right back that oh
it's like miles down there yeah somebody
goes I was gonna park in policy but it
just didn't work out that way
that's what happened oh he doesn't want
to go
I'm just ready to go buddy right so if
you are looking on Saturday order road
the second road captain I know I just do
of it in the can well this is the road
this is the road but where is the place
so we're sitting there in tribes right
and I've just realized that this is not
that I thought I was thinking of okay I
was actually thinking of nosh and coffee
which is what Citra what is that place
French sure it's on French Church Street
right I'm gonna flip Inc in so I know
this video is a place like I know this
is like Friday
I know but we will put it on the Twitter
and the Facebook and every night this is
not the prices thing up this is what I
like people with like old stripy jumpers
like so come you know exactly we don't
so yeah so sad that it's not this place
even though the lake is you tweeted
every I'm gonna have to go back oops
today's so this is not really gonna be
this one I would've look like mmm lovely
I just don't think it's right because I
was like there's an upstairs out there's
not even upstairs in here fine a trick
me into getting her ice cream we're 21
gonna stick waffle
caramel swirl you guys ever had a
caramel swirl you gonna put some of this
stuff in it
we have with some ass up in it
enjoying your ice cream little tasty ice
cream
that's not sound in the middle of the
road
what so I told my brother I would be
there at 4 o clock to meet him
4 o clock we were in town in the car
park but I quite enjoyed our time with
vexy trust radio I know where to go for
a ride I know with the pain I know I
probably been stretched properly today
and I go for a slow run when I get back
and then I could cool down I know I feel
bad I hike and I've got you know it's
just like it's so hard and you know a
little app I have for you I oh it keeps
emailing me it gives emailing me and say
like oh hi Joe because I comments up
jovis it's like oh hi javis um you have
enough you run today are you going for a
run today
and then it's like you're like go away
you know and they're like hey did you
know that you haven't gone for run and
like this many hours you're like yeah
you know and if you miss a just keeps at
you all the time like I'm like fine yeah
ok ok ok
you guys win oh cool look loads of
people I said on Twitter I was like and
you guys came to my aid you guys came to
my let me see I said on Facebook it's
over lunch dry Java stinking out a
little because you will have no tum tum
thank you
Gojo Fez tink of the beach bod I will go
drop us go drop us only a few minutes
it's gonna be hard it'll get better I
know I know it'll be worth it
ok ok here we go I don't have a race to
bring you guys it because it'll be a
total match so let me get really good at
the running
then I'll bring you guys with me okay
cuz at the moment it would just be me
going down the road like like I think
I'm all like what a morning but as a
matter of fact the more like had a
moment there where I almost cried I
never brought the two dogs down and she
was just in the in the green area and I
was running and I ran after me you know
and I was like oh I see what he thought
you know so I was driving along I wish
is run along beside me the whole way and
you're just looking over his little
tongue hanging out like so cute like is
that right we have the good boy time and
I'm senile or I just didn't green like
one wrong she didn't care she knows
because when I saw truly I was like dad
just like come to me and I was like oh
keep those points but like he's running
beside me I was like oh my goodness like
dad is like such a cool feeling like
just just a man and his dog out in the
wilderness dad it's actually today name
is live recording but it's because I
wanted just to clarify that to meet up
that we're doing in court tomorrow is in
nosh and coffee okay I know I tweeted on
your arm the other day that it was gun
you can see earlier on in this vlog
because I just thought the place was too
small you know it just felt like you
know you couldn't like all just sit
around and chat you know cuz it's to
like mush stuff together so I felt like
no nobody wanted to do this I didn't
want to do that the part kind of one
again I wanted to try and do this
different guys I don't think just gonna
be not many people in courts that are
gonna show up so you know to make it
kind of small and intimate and we can
just sit down in a chair I have a coffee
or a drink or something I like you know
your point so a good groom you know
Justin I like chill out and relax and I
thought that tribes place is just I
don't know it's too small and it'd be
too overcrowded new Ginoza
other people right there on top of us
and the chairs there's not much space
you know where it's noshing coffee just
seems you more space and just seemed
like I knew that's the one I was
thinking about upstairs you know but I
know how I ended up thinking of tribes
you know but I did so this is not some
coffee right so he said Washington
coffee right Oh nope nation like that
you know so what I try to do
this is the address right which is
noshing Coffee carries Lane cork okay
you can email them and Josie is a store
manager
all right so what I tried to write is I
tried to find it on my visa this is that
this is Patrick Street now it's trying
to tell me that I don't think that I
don't think I think it's like a
pedestrian or a street or something so
the Google map thing couldn't go down
there but it's either down that one or
it's ten days what you know so it's one
of those all streets let me just try and
turn off Street View you pull this one
up zoom out so much
Oh same in German so it's like this is
like Patrick Street and then up here now
if anyone on this vlog and if you are a
cool core cone Ian okay and you can
actually and leave me a comment on this
blog with a more detailed description to
we're not and copy is in court
that'll be awesome then I can I can
reply to you on the video and then it'll
go up the top and then everyone else can
read for it exactly the address is but I
was such a mess over my part but I'm
really sorry it was a mistake and a mess
up but I hope to see you
fellow cocconi ins tomorrow waving the
flag I don't know whatever to see you
guys tomorrow if you turn up if you
don't shut up I'll see you in a blood
tomorrow ha ha ha
