they are really noisy like really grind
my gears is you know DM hand sanitizers
in the toilets you know the ones that
use like after you use the toilet to
wash your hands well when I win or to
squish the thing in there is no goopy
stuff inside it and I'm like gosh darn
it
and then I couldn't buy a couple hours
later same situation and a couple hours
later and a couple hours later and all
day long there's been like no no one has
come to refill it
just routine boys me it's a nice sunny
day and arrive at home gonna have myself
a good old time it's a nice sunny day
and I'm driving home it comes to traffic
to kick my bone
I'm pretty tired today because I said oh
pretty late last night reading the
hundreds of comments that you guys left
on that video yesterday and well I was
actually two days ago but it was
yesterday important today you know that
you know what a time game we guys play
but I must say I was very moved and you
know thanks a lot really thank you for
nice things that you guys said over and
over and over and over again and you
know what that means a lot to me you
know honey is that like
like I'm smiling because you guys are
positive you know and you guys are rock
stars so in case you're not following me
on Twitter or Facebook we're doing a
meet-up if you're in court we're gonna
meet up on Saturday at 2 p.m. in tribes
cafe on Turkey Street you can see the
info on Twitter or Facebook I'm leavin
talking to you about you I will do that
now Nina Paul goodness you've outdone
yourself once again I know you bunches
that donors have once again give her a
round of applause come on guys they just
applauded you I'm sharing it with
applauses applauses headed around the
world around the world
my name is shun and I will don't know
boys if you like to stream out and
sometimes how we're really appreciated
she's got friends never found me my
number size I want to join me now don't
you okay I got to call Richard yeah okay
they're so cute
nice thank you they're so cute
make your case make your case make your
case pulse pulse make your case joined a
fiendish brown or orange and lemon
French fancies made of free eggs okay
I'll tell you what we're gonna open the
box okay do you want the one on the left
or the one on the right and which end
you aren't open first that end or down
end okay so you're going for this at
this end yeah so just point to the left
one so there's no confusion this one
here okay guys Anna's getting this one
here
oh yeah okay I know it's so stupid
this monster made you your friends pansy
you didn't really good one come on 108
easy a to motion Oh mmm think someone
wants them oh I really want to bring
your dog so awkward I don't know eggs so
sore No
for once well that's worse when you say
that's not what I meant
that's not fair run no we don't have to
walk anyway weeding are leaving did you
do my goodness you really cleaned up
well maybe we're oh my goodness okay
just came alive again oh yeah it looks
really good too what is that is nothing
good
the maple tree what made me closer doing
something foolish lies
really good job though did some
gardening know that you have a plant in
it zena's came along I think she ate
this he munched it up plant muncher yes
we're talking about you the fringe why
don't we just go ring the girl the
groomer girl we think I'm just ringing
the groomer girl and you're sending to
him for her grooming it was fun and all
but I don't think I'm gonna be able to
keep it up you know I just I don't want
them to look a mess like I look good
like it was okay we had Alby was seen a
picture of out here in the summer and he
was so white like he looked amazing and
he was really nicely cut and everything
and I was just a bit like hmm but their
tooth they're two different quotes like
what she needs her first class yeah yeah
yeah we get him them quite short and
getting you want her long-haired on his
feet now and it'll be R Denali yeah so I
think we're just gonna go and get him at
taking care of Oh guys this morning this
I actually had this instead our crappy
beauties coffee don't ever ever bite you
please copy
it's disgusting and that's of course you
like it if you stop it oh my goodness
hi it's so young beauties doughnuts well
maybe they should concentrate on
doughnuts and less on the copy this is
why I put donut as we treat for my
smallest child
she's a loser guys if you are in school
what you're this hello Leo you're still
in that Baltimore no this is in question
just move to court
sitting in the class eight years old
teacher comes on guys we have an
exciting assignment what an exciting
assignment you have to go and you have
to make the most imaginative or
illustrators come this way come here
balanced meal balance but the holy moly
I'd be like sure sis I'm gonna balance
it chocolate rose like our dream lunch
in our lunch box and your dream lunch
consisted of and probably on brown bread
I'm ready to know anything else and I
don't know I don't it that's it leave me
a comment of your dream lunch I'm pretty
sure no one's gonna say a cucumber
sandwich on ground rye bread
Joonas Amish what about like a
marshmallow pizza a marshmallow Mars bar
cream egg pizza deep fried and and an
encrusted with meringue I'm donkey
remember not yeah you got that cream
agonal they were disgusting disgusting
but there was the N if you are an
ancient Oh like me if you remember the
Ninja Turtles oh yeah that's right but
listen to me no one cares finished
offensive Donuts see I said donut
because whenever we lived in Baltimore
we used to come here to wanted to visit
my gram
parents in Galway we used to go to the
beauties there and I always got donut
that was like my treat so don't you
learn so better don't get doughnuts from
the petrol station no see that's
American I used to associate funny
enough Ireland all the way with still
nuts which makes no sense but when I was
in America we never ate junk food
because mice you haven't had a proper
American experience proper American
experiences you wake up in the morning
and you have yourself some super-sized
McDonald's yes oh lucky then actually
have your lucky charms yeah baby boy I'm
talking like you don't even have a phone
you have a box of Lucky Charms all right
I didn't you you you roll around there
was too many talks with my brain
anything can you see now even know who
it is
yeah what a little pink hair tie in her
hair this morning yeah I don't more is
gone she ate it
I've no idea she lost out my mom knows
where it is right come along
we must embark to test Oh off to Tesco
we go top we go oh good update guys we
are about we're in like 300 and like 80
or something subscribers away from
actually making the t-shirts so you're
one of the whatever the squillion
billion people better just wandered
across one of my videos saw a beautiful
young lady like Anna and talk to
yourself well this must be a sweet video
and watch enjoyed yourself what this
what's this fool of a man doing here
let's go ahead click the subscribe
button it'll be worth it it'll change
your life forever I tell you this no
we're bringing it and look at
don't do that but yeah we're like about
350 or something I had subscribers away
from the big 10k to make 10 K
everybody's gonna turn gay oh oh that's
what's gonna happen guys but it's okay
because in orange you can get married
now so I don't think she's great because
she's a head locked me outside okay may
I come in please
and it's freezing it's freezing out here
it's freezing cold open the door open
the door what are you doing what's going
on here these people it's nippy huh yep
that's great no but at albi what are you
doing honey
come save dad come save dad come save
dad hi hi Albie you just open the door
look it's up here jump up and open the
door what are you doing I'll be oh my
god look it's in the inside
the wasp in there
and there's a wasp in the conservatory
this isn't funny
I'm freezing Alvie good boy hi hi there
Ali somehow open these doors okay can we
get these doors open out there Sina
or someone yeah you do realize that no
more father fancies for you ever okay
I'll be I'll be I mean
she's mean okay that's it now okay we've
had our fun let's go what are you doing
wait huge hi guys what are you doing
this is like it's freezing out to my own
balcony practically choked down there
guys it seems like quite a quite a steep
jump to be honest okay so no my plan is
when it comes I'm gonna throw this at
her short is that I'm gonna hit her in
the face with it
hi there how is it going
here comes cookie Joe Joe
so basically uncooked cookies I hope
they're cheaper than normal cookies
because they're uncooked but the same
but like you don't actually have to pay
for them the cooking of it so it'll not
be cheaper do you think it what so the
wedding planners we're talking to Anna
here on today just one just one that's
all it takes
so they were saying about wedding cake
made and we have family getting like
pastries and you know cupcakes and other
sort of things not like traditional like
wedding cakes and stuff you know I just
and I was like she's a primarily
non-traditional wedding why don't we
just go ahead and get them because like
they asked us for a ridiculous sum of
money so I was like for our ridiculous
sum of money why don't we just go ahead
and get them because I don't eat to take
you don't want to eat steak you know
yeah well I just think that like you
know why don't we just let them go make
us like a 10 here big white cake with a
little man and woman on the top you know
and let's cut it open and lease t1
are we important cool
I know unlock mega toffee I don't know
what that's like but it looks kind of
cool hey what else we got here what's
that you got like some body they have
families important
it's a let's distractedly Poland you
know so what would what would you do
would you would you just go ahead and
let them make you a big huge tiered of
you know traditional wedding cake type
things you know or would you got like
the pastries and stuff then all right
one you you think the pastries and stuff
I don't
but I don't see that's the thing I'm not
gonna eat the cake but I was like why
don't we just like make you know it's
included in the price of the whole
wedding thing so why don't we just you
know let them make a huge big cake and
let's cut it open and do the ceremonial
stuff yeah you know just we miss okoma
comment those or you got might like you
know
