little bit of a boo-boo with the coffee
do I made enough coffee for everyone
although that's after I fill this in
this so what a waste and I thing is that
the more you dilute it the more water
you can you know kind of like that it's
the coffee beans or something
so I I gots to go guys love you and I
will miss you very much loves lemons
very muchly oh I need you right there
you know he's there you know he's there
good boys good boy and girl home to your
little spot this is the spot on the
stairs you've actually figured out that
I'll be City right it's like he can
actually see out the window you know you
can see it this window is smart little
boy takes after his father
you guys know there is a new law in our
nose just passed which allows gay
couples to have a civil partnership
which is pretty much a marriage bar the
word marriage and the whole church apart
but rather than expose myself and I know
Dean is kinda like a civil partnerships
rapping like a civil marriage we're very
very very civil about the whole affair
but isn't that so cool like so if you're
like a gay couple out you can actually
kind of like get married I suppose yet
to get all the benefits of being married
you're in a civil partnership so legally
you are bound to each other really cool
I didn't know what I was going on that's
cool that's pretty darn cool also if
your am your cohabiting so if you like
myself and I are like cohabiting you
know and we can actually like you know
get rights and go happen I have right to
know but I am that's really cool about
the whole gay thing suppose you know I
don't
I've always kind of felt that like you
know anyone realized I might if they
wanted like it to be ridiculous that the
government says like no you cannot
because who's gonna stand in the way of
the love it's exactly how I feel like
about a lot of things like you know I
think people need to really make their
own decisions in terms of a lot of
decisions in life what do you guys think
and I would like to explain to you why
the plot was up so late yesterday do you
want to explain would you like to
explain when the video is obsolete do it
okay
you're already in bed check okay
jacquard elastic in the pouring rain
with those little brats
oh no practice and then oh yeah I was
also out like all day long that's what I
just don't want to walk so late and to
be honest with you John if it beats me
if I don't think right so I decided not
to upload the video before I left this
morning because but you conveniently
uploaded your own video okay so I joined
up Florida I went out all morning and
afternoon with my mom and my sister and
then I came back in the late afternoon
and I was like mmm better upload the
vlog now but I didn't realize that our
internet is retarded I mean it would
take like 20 million hours so it's still
up loading and I'm almost there you're
part of make them now I'm contemplating
about ripping ripping the plaster off
you know
I might go do it Nina
day one wanna come for a run when I come
for a run huh do you guys like a
probably love to come but they wouldn't
keep up if they'd want to sniff
everything I might just do a quick small
and today just you know just to like see
how I feel afterwards you know just for
a little one a little jaunt a little
Johnson all right guys here we go now
I'm not gonna pull us into yeah because
I remember one time she put the camera
in her house and she ran down the road
and she pretended she ran for the whole
time well we all know you edited that
just kidding okay I'm out of breath from
running down the stairs this is not a
good start to day one okay I raise dudas
how we pumped how we pumped or pumped
okay
I'm not bringing the blob with me love
you guys I will catch you on the
flipside
wish me luck guys mr. pallet I just
can't match my working did you oh my god
so 11 minutes a two point seven
kilometers had four minutes a kilometer
that's probably terrible and I burned a
hundred calories this is insane yo look
even I was like a GPS map thing montre
because then you'll know where I live yo
I'm asleep I already know you're crazy
cats it's no my guy what day one they
want is hard guys why I'm did it
I'm a completer an achiever oh my god
how are you family
I know Oh No
if you ever woke up one morning and talk
to yourself I think I've married an
idiot an idiot I'll be Xena where's mom
my mommy where's mommy
here's mommy guys here's my huh where's
mom Abby why you got sellotape in her
face Toby come on Shh
do you see me it's up to you to save mom
your mom is Abby where's mommy
who's mom Abby I need your mama's good
mommy see you - no no no mamas what you
got there I don't know mommy yes where's
mommy guys yes mommy you're an idiot
okay you're an idiot I come downstairs
and I find you buried in the couch come
on
we must embark off the test oh we go
today up the test or we go home
I have inside us and quiet a while but
I've been going to Tesco you see you see
that I mean that every day at all
sometimes I forget to sing the song but
let me tell you everyone it's
come on come on come on I'm starving see
mode I was in the studio all day I'm
just home I'm really cool my legs are
aching me I didn't see the terms and
conditions of jogging that your entire
body would die in the first day oh my
god June was great when I got in the
shower
I couldn't even step out we were on
showers in the back knees
I couldn't even step out in the back man
and then I tried to put my clothes
this means tomorrow's gonna be painful
isn't it this means tomorrow it's gonna
be super painful so can we please go to
Tesco please my legs are still killing
me I'm walking around here and pestering
like P neo Kapinos what are we thinking
are we looking
are we psyche or dude feeling
then a month I'm Sandra month
you gonna buy all of these Oh
28:28 like guys 28th of April is alibies
birthday Abby's gonna be 2 and 28th of
April are we gonna bake him a cake
hey donkey take 13
oh wait don't watch one with the plan
from the pan
a puppy party a wiped out puppy party
we're not racist or anything but it's
just that our 15 have made friends with
loads of Westies and whatsit visions and
stuff like that and they all just they
all just happen to be white dogs so I'm
just like we won't really go to people
we only hardly know and be like you know
all right well Joey obviously misty
I thought the humans distract the dogs
off and leave
oh yeah so it's just us and other dogs
it's like that's gonna be the biggest in
prompts you ever you know I have so much
fun you know probably like crave all the
attention now you like my birthday and
she got like running around and playing
it everywhere like you don't know what
it's like you don't remember so many
presents so many presents I get a
matching first birthday like we're going
something Omo were definitely getting
something take your mouse up night
yeah so we probably get seen or at least
a place your birthday
right it's my birthday mom I don't know
give me some suggestions what would you
get your your puppy part is that getting
birthday or what do you think we should
get out he has his big present so yes a
I was feeling like really crap right and
all that fat and stuff right and today I
do not but the thing is I am exactly the
same as I was yesterday you know we just
realized I got style dieted yo boom
isn't that how it goes
say it this is a TV show and it's right
a fat man comes in and in your
catchphrase is like you just be a style
I know I didn't say that anyways I was
like it's called the style of arson
let's call the style a yeah it's alright
go ready classic music's on my family
run in and helped me and my kids like
and everyone's crying in the audience
their cuts to you and you go what do you
like that show i watch that show I
bought it for a dollar
I'm so sick and tired of the crappy
beauty's toffee then we went ahead and
got ourselves House Blend from Starbucks
it is not as good as remember someone
sent us that Starbucks coffee that was
so scrum diddly diddly I'm just no
betting you I go for a run you're gonna
have pizzas I don't have to feel bad
about it huh you don't even have to feel
guilty about it you can just put that
cheesy chickeny bacony sweet chili sauce
goodness
