basic thing in the world whatever keeps
to hunger Kehoe some hunger he told Noel
guys all right the right things okay
so kid oh so I had that dental cosmetic
consultation thing this Thursday so
that's gonna be interesting to see em
see it outside yeah that's gonna pan out
and so you think of a name like then
just sound or not that's not too bad
it's it's that you know the grindy one
just go right to your brain to your
heart your bum it's like mean I hate
step one but obviously it's a
consultation so there should be no
drills involved hopefully hopefully
there's no bills mom maybe they will
maybe just like hey buddy let's give
them a drill oh well maybe can't just do
it yourself why don't you just gave you
a drill and did it yourself
would it be a last sore because I know
that any when you have like a splinter
or you have something that you have to
like I don't know
stab yourself or cut or pick yourself or
I don't know something painful right but
if you do it yourself it's never insane
phone never hurts as much where someone
else does it maybe it's more the
anticipation because you can't control
the strain or the stopping or going
yourself I don't know
yeah do-it-yourself dentistry you could
bite a drill I like just look in the
mirror it's just like just gonna give
myself a quick root canal no I can't
figure out okay I have this term Mustang
here right but look at this can you see
that look there's this little section of
water in here okay
I'm like I have no idea how it got in
there but it just doesn't come out but
everything I shake it I always hear just
water and I'm always afraid that this
water is maybe gonna come out but if you
guys have one of these is there like
some drainage thing that I'm supposed to
do to get rid of it that's a lot of me
inside huh
you know but like how are you supposed
to get rid of the water that drops in
here or like is this supposed to be
water trapped in here it doesn't seem to
make any sense to me
what I did spend a good hour on it one
day I'm trying to get it out
I even peel this thing off the ground
and I got some little residual water but
I think I don't think that was it I just
can't figure out how that water got in
there and I have like got water how do I
get that water out of there because I'm
gonna prepare for watching there because
it always gets me every time like not
come out one day when I'm like in
transit or something after the meetup
that we had at Dublin I was actually
quite surprised and someone I sort of
like i don't know- it she kind of
comments and we're getting we were about
oh no one turned up and stuff like that
and you know it was like you know we're
fully aware that and I was saying it all
week long that you know we have we're
not really that popular or we don't have
that many subscribers in Harlan and the
ones that we do have an ardent Harlan is
very small and it's very scattered so
you know for 30 people or 15 people
whatever wise to turn up in Dublin like
I was like whatever like I don't really
mind you know if two people turn up to
50 million people and give every
subscriber I've ever had turned up you
know it doesn't really matter because I
really enjoy I really enjoyed sitting
down you know with all those subscribers
that did turn up and chatting away with
you guys are having fun I think the
people I went had a good time as well
and you know and that's what it's about
like you know I am I set it up so that
we could like you know interact in a
real level and we did that and we all
have a good time and if you can make it
awesome if you can't cool but like you
know lots of people leave in comments
trying to stir up some sort of a drama
bad and it's like
you know let it go let it go and it's
the same as like you know this Saturday
alright I'm doing a quark meetup and you
know okay I'm not gonna set up the
Facebook thing and I'm not gonna I'm not
gonna make too much of an effort you
know cuz that's the first time I'd ever
done a meet-up and I was out like okay
what I'll set up all this something I'll
do all is the voting itself and I
realize that you know in the voting
thing like I went back into the ad
tonight and I had the option to switch
on a nominee mini and I'm an M&E or to
switch on people's profile names you
voted you know I was like I'll for the
kind of dude I'm like no no wait
bloody vote it you know and it was like
what was I do it I why did I bother
doing all that kinda stuff so this time
I'm just saying like look meetup is on
quarks and then the court made up this
Saturday in town somewhere I'm not sure
probably cc or Fitzgerald park or
somewhere like that you know whatever
bidding but you know like and and if
people turn up for that's awesome but
like if they don't like I hope you're
not gonna like because it's more about
you know the new but I did go and
they're all excited and they had a good
time we all had a good time and then
we've heard of the video and I noticed
people were like kind of dissing on and
in fact that's not fair for the people
that did go because they're you kind of
spoiling their fun you know
I just wanted a catch I just wanted to
dress myself you are there I just wanted
to express myself of hmm the traffic
I was I was tweeting today about
actually starting running because I feel
that like you know that like cycling
thing that I was doing you know and I
got to the point where I just felt like
I was getting nothing out of it you know
and I was fine because I was like look
I'll invest like 50 years or something
into it right and I'll have it for a
while and I'll start using it and you
know just sort of introduce myself to it
and I was doing that and you know I kept
that up and then I was like I get on and
I go this is so boring he's not feeling
the burn I'm not feeling anything like I
feel like I'm just wasting my time
because I kind of done whatever I can do
with it and it was like over and then it
just kind of got bored of it cuz I
wasn't going anywhere you know
and then God is supposed like you just
kind of like lost interest in it and
then just went on and kind of feeling
crap about myself you know and then I
don't know it's been like ever since
like before I went back to university
are you stuff like loads of clothes and
loads of nice things and you can go back
to my path our pact to was it go Pursuit
of Happyness video which explains like
you know where my life was before and
and then I really wanted to change my
life because I wanted to actually attain
happiness and stuff so you know and I
had all these things you know and then I
went back to college so I kind of forgot
about all those things that you know you
do for yourself to make yourself feel
better because I had no money are you
nothing and I just went back to college
and then when I was in college like I
basically had nothing so you know and
then I went to the UK during my final
year in the UK like I put on a little
weight cuz I was just eating crap food
all the time sitting on my ass writing
my thesis or working on college stuff
then we moved to London again you know I
didn't really go ahead spend any money
it just ate loads a crap Simon Simon
likes to do is just just worked and
stuff like that and did nothing and game
loads away and you know and then we move
back to Arden and the same again like
you know and it's kind of come right
around here now and I'm just like for
the last few months you know
I'm pouring my heart out to you people
but perhaps to you once I just I think
this feeling crap about myself you know
I haven't really I have already had a
good day where I looked in the mirror
and said to myself okay javis looking
good there you know I'm just feeling
like I don't know you feeling kind of
crappy you know feeling kind of down
feeling kind of low you know and that's
what it's like okay I'm gonna buy two
runners because it's like yeah I might
have lost like a lot of a lot of the
weight that I've put on but I just feel
like there's this little a little hunky
belly thing you know that's just that's
just sitting you know right just right
down there just this little belly thing
and I just feel annoys me because I
can't wear that kind of cause I like
fitted clothes I like nice fitted
clothes but I feel like I'm not wearing
those clothes and weighing like big
clothes and then I look at pictures of
myself I'm like oh my god I look like
some homeless hippie you know because
I'm wearing clothes to conceal conceal
the identity of my fatness you know I'm
gonna like oh man and I just feel down
about myself and that's like the cycle
of like self deprecation or something I
don't know but you know I started I was
telling a minute ago shin-bi come on so
we're gonna go over and I'm actually
gonna bite it first I should I haven't
bought clothes in like about three or
four years like seriously this this
years old piece but then when I was in
Munich ages ago or like two three years
ago everything I has is like really old
and I just feel like I don't know I'm
just trying to make myself feel good so
I'm gonna buy a really good pair of
runners like super top and hyper amazing
totally awesomely cool runners I
downloaded this app which I think it's
called like from the couch to 5k friend
of mine una left me a comment on
Facebook I think a couple movie you said
it was like couch to 5k it's an app and
then basically I think I I think I
connected my Twitter to it or something
so you can follow me on Twitter and you
can see if I have I run if I don't run
I'd only get updates on Twitter and then
everyone's like hey hey fatso get your
ass out of the couch what are you doing
inside the couch which I mean so
hopefully that's gonna persuade me to
get up and get doing it but I don't have
the problem to get doing it because I am
pretty I'm a good motivator to myself
but I just are greedy gosh-darn and I
want to feel good you know I want to
look at that mirror and
I say what are the loader handsome man
would you like to go on a day to get
some cognac and smoke a cigar okay I
don't know that but you know I'm just I
just kind of have just feeling enough
feeling down you know I'm feeling low
feeling down feeling low think I've
gotta go
so hopefully this is gonna make me feel
better hopefully gonna get some new
treads you know clothes that fit me
nicely and they're nice pair of runners
and it's gonna be awesome and you're
going to see her a new man new man a
running man a bit of running man would
you love me more than oh you've got sexy
eyes mm-hmm today for the blog post or
the video blog video post come on let's
go and the other thing is right part of
the morning it's because gosh darn it I
want to eat these okay and what that's
what helps is getting me down lately
because I feel that like because I'm
feeling a little bit fat because I'm
feeling a little bit ugly right I'm like
I was like join get pizza yes I do
sandwiches I want all the things the
world has to offer okay and I am gosh
darnit crapping holy crap out of my head
from thinking like no no no thanks I'll
just have I'll just have a piece of
lettuce without and right no no you you
get a pizza and then I have to watch you
eat the pizza you know and I'm like
forget about of that and you know whole
cheesecake away you know and the next
day I get a better look at the mirror
life you disgust me you vile Pig that's
the argument that's going through my
head all the time so I'm like I want you
right so I'm like right you know what I
can live with I will start running I
will punish I will work my body I will
make it work so I can have the foods
that I want to have because it brings me
happiness and happiness is important
it's important I spent too much time
pursuing my happiness
and I totally forgot to kind of you know
look after Jonathan you know I looked
after I met up after the dog said you I
work I didn't YouTube saying I do all
the stuff and you're constantly like
going and motivating and moving and
everything and the one the one guy I
forgot but in the whole of everything
that I do I forgot about me I forgot
about little old me that needs to be
taken care of sometime so I'm gonna take
care of him
operation to make yourself feel better
that's one of the foes
yes welcome to tomorrow
yeah
like just kind of like I know my car I'd
like yeah I know you know put her ere
much if you're much over there
yeah that's uh stability
they say running stability so look I got
an adidas water bottle an Adidas sort of
running jacket II sort of thing that's
supposed to increase your velocity and
speed and check this out his wife spent
the most money on right
he's like eight a success gels right the
girl in the shop - these are super
awesome for a running they have like
loads of gel or something in them um
let's just say something about gel I
don't know but she said like these are
perfect cuz I was like look I'm only
gonna do like a maximum kind of like a
5k type thing and she's like these these
are the Fat Boys for you you know and
then all the comment oh so you guys left
on Facebook were saying about yeah yeah
pretty much everyone was pretty much
sort of specifying that best thing to do
is to get runners runners runners
runners so I talked to myself maybe
people are onto something but then it
was a deal going there's only four years
for this little water bottle thing which
I might be able to just kind of like pop
in my pocket when I'm running you know
bring it with me and the blog in the
other pocket oh yeah
plus I need the iPhone cuz I got this
iPhone app right I'm supposed to like as
you run it's supposed to like like um I
taught up your mind then like GPS tracks
you or something like that and then it
gives you Tata but then it updates on
Twitter so I'm having lazy times it'll
be bad news it'll be bad news cuz you'll
all know about it and you like don't
know what you making for dinner love how
fantastic I think we'll have this for
dinner
less sensual as the rap don't eat the
pasta did you lick that when I put it
back in the back
you look like you liked it it looked
like there was leakage I was feeling her
turkey are here my turkey Tuppy Martok e
LD did mommy give you a turkey it was so
funny he walked in and I was down here
like this and I was like beautiful
turkey and then I heard the footsteps
and I was acting like this and I turned
around and I saw him at the door frame
and he was just like staring at me like
that's my turkey got a bill this morning
and I got what she ate it she ripped it
to shreds Shelby you guys know no peace
no I'll be see you know what he'll be
happy Cena yeah is he over here is in
the cage I think you do penis only see
you know where's Albie Albie
oh we borrow you see no boys owe me no
where is you unless you behind there see
universe Albie where's your brother in
there see there's Hina here you did it
you found your brother
