I know organize this things doesn't
really matter because it was sunny
yesterday although apart from the drive
home which wasn't so we are going to go
never never ask my question this super
scene is about give you here is going to
be the finest meal
what Thanks thanks a million
thanks a million buddy what haha don't
get your choice flogging
my bum is really sore for me yesterday
if you watch the vlog yesterday's vlog
the meetup vlog we were sitting on the
grass like for ages and I could feel my
bum it feels like I did a workout like
squats or something which I didn't I
just sat on my bum but it feels really
bruised my bum
you got a bruised bum sitting in the
brain he no say it's the situation we
decided that momma stolid should come
over at two o'clock we decided we would
go to Tesco and get the supplies to make
the dinner it is now half won and we
were sitting in traffic but you add to
the fun suspense of the story from the
salvage drove by moments ago and she is
in the same place that we're going but
neither of us have our phones with us so
if she actually gets back to our house
before we get there rings the doorbell
sets the dogs off the dogs will not calm
down they will be going crazy barking it
could all go wrong it all hangs in the
balance
it's all up in the air bearing there
really
I was thrown more in this one here guys
over here over there wherever it looks
like it looks like we're going to a
green grass but I swear I swear to you
where are they
just go over there what did you do for
your Mother's Day today if you have a
mother or a day or a Mother's Day
they were super fast we just got four
chocolate times three pizzas Wow three
big pizzas to spit the fire number of
people obviously not just three pizzas
we're super fast that's what we got done
it's like super fast lunches in the oven
cooking taste early
it's my one on the bottom for the latest
not for you although you are a lady and
the flowers and I've just been attacked
Maya Nina now get this place shipshape
see if did you forget your mother's card
a cooler card than this like my writing
guys are the guys aren't what you like
what's for dessert
show me to find the snow yes oh yes guys
it's a special delightful treat we can
show you it's a secret Oh check out this
feast oh yeah Oh No
let me just get that there for you guys
there you go and you're back in the room
what are they mud pies flowers people
are stuck in traffic traffic oh the
exact traffic that that was in our way
stopping us is actually working to our
advantage now it is slowing down the
arrival of said party said mother I've
said Mother's Day
like ours slave over at work now yeah I
have a special one has I'm the one you
for Anna's mom in your part in their
part o the day dear mama may love you
very much P when you give us treats from
Albion Xena I'm confused
I see this is like oh my is it oh the
dog faces the old oh cool these black
and white same how come I remember your
black and white day these mirrored no
but you got them pennies every time I
ask you something the answer is pennies
Oh Steve I should get a parity and be
super cool I mean tsunami I'll be isn't
as enthusiastic about this game and
seeing it as you enjoy ready Tina yeah
I'll be cockles and mussels
look at these pigs chocolate cakes
pizzas my car doesn't work guys I don't
know how I ended up over here I was
sitting at that table and now somehow
I've ended up over here I'm hoping you
don't mind let me move again okay this
is a swim on a chair feels you're gonna
kick it on you can do this how could you
feat in the battery that's challenge
Chuck that up close any mistakes
you touch the ground
Little Miss unfunny right
that'll be the thumbnail boom he just
been Tom nailed it's getting cool again
ah that's really good it smelled like a
you can't catch it I don't know if you
can see him in the buggies it doesn't
I'm fine fly
steena get the fly okay thanks so here's
the plan
quark meet up date 300 details to follow
haha I just tweeted that act you can
figure it out they three hundred so on
date 300 of the blocks which is coming
up very soon that's what I'm gonna do
the cork meetup and if you if you can't
figure out when that is you gotta do the
match of my cheeks to figure that I
don't know where it's gonna be by I'm
thinking something like UCD or someone
like that because it's like it's pretty
much in the center and there's lots of
areas you know like I feel more
experienced now because I did the Dublin
one first I'm like okay okay I know what
I'm doing I know what I'm doing
I know how this works hopefully a good
wetter again but um we'll have to find
out for shizzle dizzle are you tired of
the crust on your cake
have no fear folks for I have the answer
simply take one knife and one cake I'll
just sort of run a little knife around
tada you get rid of all the bits you
don't want what's this all the bits I
don't want you're left with a chocolate
surprise you can give them to a loved
one
hey loved one are you enjoying your
crust of the crustiness hmm and when the
woman enjoys the crust she does not mind
cleaning up after you Oh tomorrow's old
do you guys remember I was all like TV
programmes where
like it has the woman and she'd be
cleaning up in the garden irate over it
that's the guy always gonna go hello
kids and welcome to how to be a good
housewife
now please the show and pick you up your
house you always need to make sure that
your house is paid for your husband
arrives
your husband's busy man and when he
comes home make sure to take us out to
take his coat but haven't dinner ready
for him there you go good girl
German us hair is so funny I give you
guys were gonna leave us a comment oh I
used to love them they were so silly I
can't help with the guys like okay oh
the dogs be very busy dog that can drain
right treat good all right guys time for
a serious impromptu bad time mommy check
Sina check lb check dofus check big TV
loads of cables hooked in the back in
computers and all sorts of didgeridoos
what we didn't want to watch on a laptop
today we wanted to watch it on this
because we're having a midday matinee
which is probably gonna turn out to an
old a matinee so guys I bid you adieu
new bit dim ado fine
so long farewell auf wiedersehen goodbye
no you got your cheats already seen this
having a good munch all right I'm with
the show and I'll see you tomorrow
