you might have actually noticed that if
you'd watch yesterday's vlog there was
no intro to it and there's no outs or
anything because we are on the go go on
the road road right but I'm just using
this laptop to you ended up to vlog now
in video Corel studio but I never use
this laptop so there wasn't any of our
intro or outro things and also it's just
gonna start just gonna end it's about
eight minutes long because I didn't want
to do too much yesterday because I knew
I was gonna have to do this on the fly
this morning because we've got about an
hour to get ready have some breakfast oh
and had in tow to town oh and TV no it
turns up what is in the winter we're
gonna find out pretty darn soon my
friend my friend Leo's right oh yeah
video craft studio has already crashed
oh look do you want to recover this
previous um yes please
don't say please always say always say
please when asking a program to help you
slightly excited about the fact that
it's like super sunny out here today
goodness in all right guys I'm really
happy about the super sunny sometime
she'll be sunny Sandton didn't super
sunny some time guys so nice so I'm
gonna stay this way cuz this would be
cool if we're in like a park today and
it's super sunny I'm pretty excited
about that job my nose in the scary
different house all week long the
forecast said oh it's gonna rain it's
gonna be horrible it's gonna rain all
day I got my sunnies on and I'm cruising
losing keep tearing you're with the Sun
is on and ready to rare I don't know yo
what rhymes bogey DS this is kind of its
kind of crazies Nicko until I can meet
up it's like what that's tamales here
Wow
I grew up here I grew up on just very
Road I did not go up on this very Road
I spend plenty of my child and walking
up an endless road cuz I went to their
primary school just to behind us which
is a presentation on our primal
school-like pre-primary
infants I don't know whatever it is
before you go to primary school you know
that's right once and then in primary
school I went to turn to go but yeah
welcome to read minds well Roxy
techniques Dillon red car go pass out
and we're heading into rap minds now
guys I just passed them Tara near a road
east taint a road east and no one live
in Dublin turn here did you see that
fire oh my god it was like and it was
like a couple of houses and apartments
and stuff it was massive like like
obviously the fire wasn't there right
now cuz I'm someone text me last night
never like is the newest intern here and
you're like oh the big fire and Turner I
was like what and I was like oh and then
they're like there's a fire and Stevens
screen as well and I was like woah woah
cuz we were staying and tearing your
i'ma going Steven screen I was like woah
is it connected is do some sort of a
conspiracy dance wance enter I have mean
around these parts in quite a long time
how did these parts I believe this is
where we met my sister one time maybe my
little sister one time here I used to
hang out here with the home dogs you
know we used to mug kids they walk by
used to do a couple of drive-by
shootings oh yeah rat mines as it all
just park the car Eddie I'm actually
cold
don't be like to me now
and I think so I don't need my jacket
outside in Jake let's test it right
here's a bit of the Sun here
this little worm I know but this is kind
of crazy guys like what what are like
okay trying to find play so I can get a
copy but this is truly a little bit more
difficult these are like restaurant
coffees where's to like take away
company prices fine let's give the
stealing screen then fine down here so
that's a copy
he'll already have everything is in
place right now people hello I don't
know what she's writing that top for
this is my number one fan over here
so okay so I know what did miss if we
were at Stephen's Green in the park in
the Sun in Dublin and I child Estelle
hilarious we're still in the park all
these people are still here I don't know
what you weren't here Yomi block well
you know they were late so we want to
talk to them anymore I'm sorry you
didn't make it so as he was late -
that's not gonna happen what's your
friend's name Steven Steven where the
hell are you friends didn't make it each
other that's not good enough that's not
good enough at all but it was lovely and
sunny so I think was pretty good day do
you guys think we should do a quark
Meetup we'll go around what do you think
well I thought up later and we'll see if
it was enough yeses maybe just maybe
well they were quick meet up or was your
dinner mm meet up maybe actually you
just come back to Dublin set a car I
don't know we'll have to decide so
someone didn't make it but they're going
to call in we're gonna do a phone show
what is the number for a thousand euros
I'm sorry you couldn't make are you sick
sorry you're sick blog that is so cool
getting in this like we're living
everything guys check out inspiration
Beauty on YouTube so if you guys send me
cards where's your cards please
we missed that that looks delicious
did you see did you vlog the card yeah I
got the card and the shower house this
is usually where I'll be and seeing our
jumping at her sweet soap of mine Erica
is obsessed with lush yeah yeah should
be so jealous now haha we're leaving now
these are the hardcore people that
stayed behind all the way to the end
hardcore wiser got there that's better
we're like very organized here at the
blog Edie's this is lovely Steven screen
right you have to go now sadly we have
to go now I'm gonna go to Subway which
is away from town it gets a bunch of the
crunchy cheese because I like subway so
much document so quaint I was like I
really want some subway oh no I just
auto drove gibberish it out when you
auto drive somewhere where it's like
we're like talking away there and then I
just realized I was in Ballsbridge and I
realized I was heading to doggy and I
was like but I don't live there anymore
no like no I auto drove my do already
has now what are we doing here and so we
going to turn yeah I made it home the
little guys did you miss us
did you miss us everybody missed you
everybody missed you guys
everyone missed you so much so much Lee
there was so much missing Lee much
lately
we got my mother for Mother's Day happy
Mother's Day to you
I was waiting the card inside look what
I found in the shop bitch
I always bet them in lunch and work once
I got myself a rocky road with
marshmallows and it does all the writing
anna has the best writing my writing is
it's not very good so Hannah does all
the writing I'm not the writer type well
it's not the writing it's the
handwriting my ability to handwrite I
can type I can type pretty darn good I
tell you but I'm not so good at writing
all ready to go home
yeah okay goodbye oh okay wait to the
fairies Trump click he entered the
wreath on before we open our needs on
first leaves on KitchenAid on taking out
my mom's new car look at the size of
this thing
it was like so much space in here isn't
it crazy because she's about a million
miles good effort your tray it's alright
no trays not so big my goodness
like a house it is huge isn't it yeah is
it a big to drive though Oh
oh my goodness guys check this out look
at this right it is lashing rain all
right we'll just drive them in temple up
village vitae morgue and look it is my
lashing rain but yeah the meteor crater
on was in the Sun isn't that crazy we
were like sitting in the park in the Sun
like having a have an alarm with our
buddies and now look although it is
sunny but it is a little action rain
this is very odd very odd indeed I'm
glad it didn't rain during the end you
know if that would not have been fun oh
good this is actually getting heavier
like okay
we were having a lovely day today I feel
like I need to shout what happens to the
weather
Oh
look nice double rainbow oh wow look at
that one there it's really vibrant so
that's right there
oh my
no seriously though that's super vibrant
Wow double rainbow all the world away
okay that is pretty good right there oh
yeah that is pretty awesome like
a lot of people are like hey reg news
like green boats bucks is all like
reminds there you go her let's beat the
box
homeo follow me or would you guys like
yes Oh jinkies
mommy's got drinkies mommy's got jinkies
mom I reckon it's my lap probably we're
looking is this
my mum's and jinkies no no please
sorry white guys I need some num nums
that's what she has the Wizzle where the
most important things to do when you get
home after a trip what you have to do
some flowers for Norma style right mama
style I think each one and these are
nice and colourful
so much Cheeseman
I like these ones I don't think she
likes fire
yeah like this one here
it's a very yellow one
your favorite color was yellow
would you like something like this and
that's good
I think we won did we win
are we winning winning
nice that was a quick one guys I got all
the stuff summary we go good morning
so nobody tell mom although when the
video goes up everyone know but isn't it
cute it's a mountain from Albion Zenith
and the chocolate is too simple
