good morning and welcome to this is kind
of day one of home alone we're going to
be home alone Amelia Alessia and Anna
are traveling to the other side of the
world today
Media step up because it means it's
going to be the biggest girl is gonna be
the baby skull in the home we have the
baby girl
Eduardo are you going to be a boy okay
all month
what if mommy never comes back what
mummy and Alessia decide they're gonna
go this is the magic stone are you
enjoying your summer is over to my place
isn't anything about less life thank you
Matt - it's not like one first Roy - for
something I don't for something well
anyway let's just show everyone so
everyone is now seen to my place today
so you did but there's a thing about my
present mania leave me a comment let me
know when my client to my place you've
not seen - what is it guys what I don't
know what it means I can't remember that
I can go as a thing for class there is
no just a submarine sound good and then
I met you can make relations with them
and I'm going to make conversation for
breakfast Eduardo has selected Ready
Brek this morning and Amelia has
requested avocado and toast with with a
little bit of water
I like just a Chinese thank ya like you
you scared of my fight the Dwyers having
Ready Brek cuz he does not want there's
no fun serials when schools have glides
except still probably will be yeah
are you want to be a good girl for mommy
now you want to miss daddy
Wow even in your study today you're
going on such an adventure and applying
an inner side of the world and you're
only 2 month old guys you're gonna miss
Alexia for a mommy I know my son much
than anybody else and elastomers
Jackson a holiday that feels crudely he
left town hard on a seat backed up to
lead to molten Walter perhaps when it is
by watching waves of bands of the how
big does the state of the whole is grave
in Layton and avocados there
bird in a be caught in the jet stream
one with Selena - I can't see what's the
matter with me a few so there's the suit
B buzzer rabbits on the - man can't hold
his hands wait that's been posted a
selfie better weather than robbing
office day we found we are duardo your
employer your Reggie Brett Emilio you're
enjoying your house with cattle and
salmon on camera right
you're very buddy are you guys gonna
miss mommy when she's got this it can
make her breakfast every morning
hmm I will half quibble half order stuff
let's go music to turrets kibble and
then it's been full of the good self
I'm just a screaming don't you turn into
that once it's 100 is are you opening a
new one yeah I just took out early
clicking and beeping okay I'll be I'll
be okay excitement the excitement we get
to the private quarters everyone always
be a sisterhood awesome charters in here
watching mr. Tumnus Justin's house huh
Commissioner Johnson says yeah machen
those that like our friend his friend
Channel huh here's that Rush speaking of
Jonathan says no but oh my goodness I
just checked the video a hundred
thousand people watch their bananas on
so far I loved that time today that's
amazing guys thank you so much I'll
leave a link down below again if you
guys or if you guys sort of talking
about what thanks a lot I appreciate
that
we've got the team coming over again
today and we're going to record the
tracks for the next one and hope you're
going to shoot that video this week and
hopefully I'm aiming for trying to get
at least one friendly spread video a
week I'm not gonna like
aim too high and fail decimals all but
thanks so much for supporting that
channel I appreciate it and do the
bananas and want to empty everybody
can't you see my best friend is leaving
me today friend well obviously you're my
bad friend
ha ha ha ha my other best friend my
real-life best friend is leaving me
today with my baby banana I don't think
in the 4 years so we've lived it as
correct we were wrong because you guys
have been there too but I don't think
I've ever not had like septon honor in
this whoo that's romantic you know to me
nothing I've ever walkin up alone and
not bad just that it's living there not
mental all my friends she is my best
friend and that's why I am I like being
my teacher because we definitely have a
friendship beneath the marriage but
before we were parents we're best
friends before we're husband and wife
were best friends
and I definitely think that really
stands - our marriage and our
relationship that we're always friends
you know even when like but marriage is
not always a better roses as a bon jovi
one said well yeah it's tricky sometimes
but when you've got like a core
friendship buzz on the bottom it
definitely makes
to make the challenges a little bit
easier to overcome because you work
together a friend never marry your enemy
as my as I whisper to take never marry
with the enemy have you guys not seen
Julie Roberts dingy enemy exactly
don't be that guy or girl you have come
to the post office
I'm picking up some packages because I
got to deliver you today are I missed
that in a few precautions I don't know
what they are I have a feeling the exits
for our next video
cars outside
come on best friend where are my team ik
hi hi look immediately Tommy oh what's
wrong
your noise before Lawrence he is coming
oh my goodness
yeah alright family hug family hug time
I want messy fast asleep
sanitary see me in the family hug we're
expected to call me video all right ask
everyone to leave a comment if they want
the economy and even know how many times
up do we need it's never going to happen
it's never gonna happen
alright everybody you have to say
goodbye to mommy would you just let me
say goodbye yeah yeah right no sneaking
in no sneaking in there I put in our
home oh my little baby
nice
heads up blowing off
he comes I'm in hygiene for ice cream
cones drop on the console the pain the
time to wash away any okay
Oh
ashes I'm our
I'm alone
and
they don't want me to go
yeah but she's coming back in two days
okay
the
so the treehouse
you
if Monte Carlo poses you give mommy car
five yr s yeah oh my god
and my god
-
we can FaceTime you to have to make our
car have you got everything we need give
me any supplies oh you come back you
come back
hi Ana you just left and this is the
first outfit I have chosen to dress
Amelia in as you can see I went for a
summer dress and it has nice and when
you close it is nice
sleeves crinkly please it's like a Peter
Pan top you know towards them it's got
ruffles ruffles ruffles down here and
it's frayed as much did daddy do a good
job in the first outfit I just picked
for you word no sorry on I just just
just confusion we're going to read books
we're going to do some homework after
that you get the phone Java careful
Nevaeh come on in
oh look I found a bee you look tired
you know designers with that go put some
honey damper see if that makes them
happier so let me see the B is gonna eat
the honey it looks like oh my god is he
is he's actually doing it can you guys
see it up ah focus but look you can
actually see he's actually like munching
away in the honey he's got his little
thing stuck in it
how cool is that I don't know about how
much I was supposed to give him I just
dumped some of the hilltop honey down
like he's like he's drinking it actually
cute huh
we saved to be don't eat the honey
Nevaeh or to be
how does a sewing factory not you should
be
they change they stay the same
yes we like the foreman grand on a car
you can younger if we do all what I said
you take a farm girl then she got mad
you lad
