guys you're not gonna believe what just
happened right I was like um where's my
where's my watch back it actually fell
out the window
something like you fell out the windows
are gonna get answers and see if I can
actually bind it
this is so funny isn't it well some
people won't find it funny but I sure as
heck find it funny huh all right where's
the keys all right guys come on
let's see if we can go find a watch back
has that ever happened to you
oh look at this actually Sal come all
the way up there dad to here but I saved
it I got it let you turn to be quiet
Sonny a nice day today my goodness I
wish it was like this inside right it
was like this in Saturday because the
voting system might open it looks like
Stephen's Green has now pulled ahead of
Dundrum and the zoo so we're gonna meet
Stephen's Green sure hope it's like
super sending like this because then
ever will be in a good mood
and I'll be super happy and we won't
have to stand in the rain Adobe on my
just hot dog girl screaming after her
table and the road ahead side so I'm
living on the outside and I'm gonna see
if we can meet when you see someone
walking down the lead you know hello
kitty cat
hey no hello kitty cat wanna come out
wanna come on kitty cat so whether the
dog was a little kitty cat look at
little kitty cats all scared in there so
she's gonna have to get food I said I'm
gonna wait here just to make sure that
the Tigers it's a domestic cat so you
might you might actually get lost or
something so I'm gonna wait here until
she gets back with some food and we're
gonna try and lure him out the food I
would come out for some food good nuts
hello where'd she go No
all right she's going across
Hey
when a mouse most almost jaw okay I've
lost you in there she's gone but it's
all in the aid of animal rescue can you
see your honor
no she's definitely up this way we got a
company that should work look I pull the
thing in when I twisted it back on no I
guess she got it back yeah I twisted it
Joe yeah
hi miss anchovies you know that so far
since signing up the blog we have
actually managed to rescue a sparrow a
crow and west highland dog and a cat
today
isn't that crazy person suppose like we
also brought attention to the paws paws
that eat donate if you can but it's not
really funny like what's next why does
next hunt her animal adventures well I
couldn't I couldn't leave her there you
know because like you know she was like
on her own and oh you know what it's
like when you're animal if you have an
animal and that's ever happened to you
you know the stress the feeling like
he's you know the animal is just like
scared and all but Anne I'm really glad
I'm really glad that I noticed her
walking around there and kind of calling
you know I'm really glad that we helped
it's good to help people
we're making a video for the Starlight
today we're gonna do a tutorial on how
to actually
yeah do you ever do today pictures so I
got my big camera here I'm gonna take
some pictures of Anna so you guys can
see how we deal with take pictures of
Anna with the lighting and do everything
right and then we're gonna bring it to
the computer then we're gonna cut to you
like I'm gonna do a small tutorial on
how to bring it into Photoshop create
depth of field you know I didn't curves
and angles color correct graded get it
already
and then uploads into blog you guys be
able to see the whole process of how you
actually you know just maybe it might
help some people at you know if you're
doing effort of the day kind of stuff on
like a nice tile trial and this stuff
will also this technique is the exact
same technique that I use for when
creating the thumbnails for a video
instead to create that and X to kind of
you know find the subject matter of the
image draw the subject forward so you
guys can highlight what I want you to
look at and it's a way of just you know
drawing in negative space to direct your
user to the actual content that you want
to be displayed so if you're doing that
for the day picture right and you're
wearing some nice clothes but they're
kind of subtle and neutral you take a
picture with a busy background what
you're gonna find is that you know
you're not keep there's no negative
space for anybody to you know I'll add
our eyes to prove over there just
directly be drawn in by the background
the noise and actually losing a lot of
the content that you want to highlight
so what I'll show you is a couple of
techniques of how to actually you know
you know highlight the parts that you
want to show and sort of subtly you know
distract people from viewing that you
know the background and all that kind of
stuff so that'll be on the starlight and
it's gonna put on the style I hope you
tune that's gonna be Friday's video
which we're going to dub that day so
it'll be a we're gonna do it all today
so we have it ready for tomorrow for
upload and these little guys are asleep
and my waffle he knows our waffle
leaning yep that's right guys waffle he
knows or what for leaning oh look what
we got
look at this we got a blanket never ever
cold we can put this blanket on you know
I'd love to do I'd love to put too
little I is there you know cuz it looks
like it's like he's got a fluffy haircut
you know cuz like he's smiling look he's
smiling you know just two little eyes
with kids that is no joke that is no
joke
see up in the video
yeah yeah wide load coming true Oh are
we gonna shoot the images in the Sun
area yeah yeah yeah yeah we'll just I'm
here folks
Oh Ruby yeah here oh look it's all
watching you watching us watching you
watching us watching you Latinos between
you I don't like you I like you oh I
like you guys do you guys know you're
harder or more of you than there are of
you everyone from that camera there were
second Ben you gotta save the planet one
cereal box at a time good Josephus he's
brave oh my goodness I didn't want to
get wet say more yeah
be honest
this is morning yeah accusing him of
littering morning snowy javis wouldn't
litter it was a throw up yep doggy sick
well it's not so bad cause it's kind of
dry
draw me to help the best way to get out
of chores is just to say all of this
what nothing
don't reveal that to anyone secret then
he has to do all the dirty work and I
just feel I'm the driver coca video
maker excuse me when do you cook is that
it now of course it stopped raining
you should get that Noah vacuum I know
you know cuz Robbie's gonna be driving
on with subscribers and do one
subscriber it's gonna turn up he'll be
our seat it's crazy though I think quite
a lot of you are coming cuz how many
said they were attending on the 82 yeah
and I think like fifty fifty seven
people at this moment in time equation
voted yeah I think that makes it that's
a pretty definite than that years you're
gonna be there because you want to have
a say in it yeah or maybe not like but I
think I like eighty three eighty what
I'm 340 people said maybe like everyone
that is not in Ireland always he said no
and then 80 people right sometimes think
the maybes are just people that are too
polite to say no that's people who are
saying attending at the start and I was
like don't you say it too like yeah you
know like to say no or if you don't
wanna say no say maybe like I only sent
an email to the attending people if you
are attending you have got an email for
me today if you're not gonna contending
you will never know what the content of
that email is but it's pretty amazing
yeah so quite a lot of people could you
kindly think like if 20 people turn up
like 20 people like actually 20 people
that's a lot of people now 20 is a lot
57 people voted if 57 people turned up
like that wouldn't she be a lot of
people like 57 people like I don't think
I even know 57 people I'm gonna remember
all your names I'm gonna take a picture
with every single one of you every
picture we take goes under subscriber
wall if you are a subscriber we here a
patient every we could put 257 people on
the subscriber wall just climb aboard
bring the subscriber wall get him all
the standard job done so there is a
little white Westie at least I know from
us he's actually beating one of the
blogs a while ago who ran into the house
who don't remember but he's a he's sick
at the moment poor little guy
what's wrong
we have an allergic reaction to yeah so
he's not in a good way so Anna it's
going to get him a get well soon card
but it's going to be from Cena and Alvey
we're just gonna drop it into their
heads they're cookie that's really cute
you know
get well soon you can seen it now
because they always played together
every state dad was like Chris Joey he's
really really excited he's a really
funny little wet silent that lives down
the road
he's a funny dog this is really cute is
there a West Hollywood now you know it's
a my godson's birthday right tomorrow so
we're gonna get presents but we were
looking around for stuff and I came
across this and I just have to show you
this because this is amazing
alright it's just like a normal Barbie
push push you think it gives flowers
let's grow that's incredible
what do
oh yeah just another thing they're good
a little baking thing it's so cool
is that you that Eric can you you look
like a Barbie sometimes how'd you find
this one no I'll tell you what I'd like
my wife to look my huge is baking it's
great I know I'm just gonna whip up some
cupcakes
no wonder 22 euros what's this on the
press the bells hey
it's a party disco yeah I don't think
Dylan wants a Barbie does a two-year-old
boy play with Barbies is that the kind
of thing to do boy once do that thing so
we've already chose what we want for him
but I'm not showing it on their blog
because sometimes my brofist has
actually watched the blogs so this will
go up tomorrow and he might see it
before we get there so oh I'm a smarty
let me teach you guys how to make a
Christmas Easter treat hey right get
yourself some hot cross buns right now
make sure their sauce don't don't don't
be afraid to stick your finger in and
smush them just to make sure they're
song then go ahead and get yourself some
Nutella 2 / 4 or you can get one of them
lots of big one before or you can just
get one
- before
to attempt four euros a one an M for
euros to that ones or what Mongo what do
you think
Mongo or two little ones osage Mongo
just about to drop the card off to Joey
and see if it's he wasn't saying I'd say
I'm so cute get well soon
dear Joey we really hope you get well
soon lots of love Albion Xena no that's
okay you guys are so good to do you so
nice come on it's up there drop it down
she's sitting down there watching Harry
Potter right we just awesome by the way
they're getting so much better and it's
all rings and we're like oh maybe it's
the girl and we just set the card in for
Joey cause he's sick
and it wasn't is the girl dynam we rent
we help rescue her cat this morning
you know I am cuz we stayed there for
about an hour like with her you know
trying to get an event you got the cat
what she just said she just came to the
door and she just gave us this it's like
a Ferrero Rocher Easter I think you know
just to say thank you I was like oh my
god like that's so nice like that I
wasn't even thinking about what kind of
rewards to me get boy you know he's just
like he's just nice to have you know
nice neighbors and you know anything he
wanted like hear us tell us what number
she's a inch lucky always come down and
have a coffee like it's just really nice
that you guys would do that for us and I
was like you gotta break me cry but I
just thought it was really nice time I'd
share with you guys you guys seen Harry
Potter and the part 1 I don't know
whatever the new one is that the hollows
or the Sleepy Hollow I don't know
whatever the new one is it's actually we
good you know I was thinking like you
know it's left school now and it's like
witty
dark and it's you know but then after
you watch a hearty Potter movie you tend
to walk around the house you know like I
like cuz I'm for feeis nucleus that's
what I was like walk around going like
don't be capricious but nothing works
hmmm let me show you guys something
that's going to change your life forever
right okay I must warn you Anna has
actually lost her mind
and it's crazy video today I've had to
make strawberry cut it in chocolate go
Nestle chocolate oh and if you haven't
checked out Simon cheese child then
you're dumb and you need to check it a
dull moment now what's a car
Sherman show Sherman children just
Sherman children not short but Jonathan
will probably forget but I will link it
in the description box because I'm a
nice person
check the mat okay anyways I just want
to say one thing Sam I'm gonna give you
a chocolate mat to run for its money
Oh cuz she did a funny thing she was
like eating chocolate junk over
strawberry the whole lot of the
chocolate-covered biggest strawberries
I've ever seen in my life they were like
I was like that's not real yeah plastic
like she was dipping sorta like you know
in Ireland we got like strawberries no
sorry she was dipping Lainey Lainey
munch tiniest face sorry and then she
did say she eats it on the end and I
have not laughed so much watching a
YouTube video like people always leave
comments on our videos cuz we're so
funny
no comment I feel like I laughed out
loud whatever know what they say like it
takes a lot for me to on gotta piss make
me laugh out loud she opened her man and
her teeth or all bye it was so funny
because she's really pretty so you don't
really expect it from like a pretty girl
but yeah just drink it okay can I eat
this under for our Russian same times
then made by the same company
um you meet another Ferrero rocher's
Anna okay forget chubby bunny chocolate
Mountie
I recently got my teeth done they're not
made out of Nutella okay so the boys
will surely kiss you then don't forget
to apply a lip gloss after you aren't
you or just you've gone too far you've
gone too far
the lipstick to be honest with you it
that just a simpson desert line don't
even bother with that
so what's your warning you just buddy
some Magellan so either it all over your
lips you might get fat but it's okay
because we'll have beautiful lips that's
all that matters
thank you oh my god guys
Andrea sent a picture and to Andres
choice sent a picture I have a bad a
spider and it was like I remember the
time you chewed a shoe at me oh my god
the spider look at the size of it it is
ginormous
karma where did it come from doesn't
have friends
it is very very scary I am probably
probably afraid
yeah this is totally Angie's fault I
blame him Andrea unsubscribe on race one
like unfollow on everything but what
she's done oh god it's in a corner of
his whatever runs to miss Greer and oh
my god okay we need to get outside okay
come on guys oh my god
what what I don't know don't put him out
there you might run back in time over
the edge I can't I'll drop the glass dog
stay
get my card I've got your feet on what
if he races it was a birthday card
intestinal don't stay there
stay
