excuse me where did this come from
and why wasn't I not told about it could
you explain yourself please you to
explain yourself mm-hmm
so where would you like to go before the
meetup on Saturday you have four choices
that's the fourth finger choice one
Dublin Zoo choice to mean it spark joy
straight stephen's green choice for done
job consider shopping center which one
fourth one sometime you have to say it
though so it's not a fixed competition
done John town centre is it the town
centre you guys call it the town centre
or is it done from centre shopping
centre because I think they're websites
like the town centre to come to Coupland
chocolate you can have a new County Club
in the shop let's and tell you what
would be marvellous
you want to go there guys what do you
think about oh I don't know do you not
like each I think it's a good idea be
honest now tell me is it a good idea see
it the clay thing father you're making
okay guys so I found this this this
studio right that it's in and don't
dream tenant Sandra okay because I was
like well look if that storm because
that's the one at the moment leading on
the votes right if you want to change
that voting system go to my Facebook
page go to their polling thing and click
on it or find it on my Twitter or Anna's
Facebook or on this Twitter it's around
here somewhere
and then click on ng is what you want to
play at the moment of joy is winning so
today I was like well what's there to do
in don't have Zenda
like an advert for document center
Donnie and I started think it was like
you can go there it says caters for one
to 101 people and I was thinking well we
should have more than one because
there's a two of us and I doubt see that
we even have 100 subscribers and artists
do we even have a hundred subscribers
none because everyone seems to edit the
trend is oh I'm in the u.s. that just
seems to be like every person who says
I'm in the US do meet up in the US are
we living in a wrong country did I take
a we take a wrong turn we left London we
went to the first island and this is the
first island we came across let's stop
here the next island thataway
mr. United Island of the States United
States of Island invited island of
states
uia so I'm totally going off course here
but I found this company they're not the
company like yeah an arts and crafts
thing right so you go in right here like
team-building exercises phone family day
out like group meetup thing it was like
what you do right is I think it like
every problem is it cost money but I
emailed an arch that you've already give
me a group rating they might or might be
like up to like a 10 or something for it
what you get for your tenor is you
actually get to take home whatever you
make so you get it's like a pottery
class thing right and you can paint it
and you could like draw and you make
your own like cup or you make your own
plate or you make your own boat is that
happening is it it was really nice of
you to go and do all that research for
everybody and you know we really
appreciated open do it's just I really
want you guys to have a good time and I
don't want it to linger I go in there
like you know everyone like I don't want
you guys to walk away and not have a
good time you know I want everyone to
have a good experience you know and I'm
just trying to make you ready you just
want us to be there and just just you
and me you and me and you know one over
there the old Steeler - cuz that was
what it should be no effort it could be
like live la it'll be like a live blog
TV live live thing you know I make sure
to bring bring video cameras because I
want to bring her video projection
camera thing with the black cloak was
like hold for a photo the big fire thing
you know explodes but that point like
bring like cameras and stuff like that
like this I want to see like other
videos like you know everyone can open
up videos and then just like call the
video like meet up with the Saucony
Jodie's or Hanna or Joe Foss or whatever
you want like and then like ah like
leave as a reply you know I mean to to
the to the video of that day which like
either way it's probably gonna make it
totally for all the people that are
watching video either way there's like a
mountain of them in my mom's house
picture a mountain you say cut to mom's
house hmm we gotta go first the long to
hold you over a long journey as a matter
of fact oh my god is one kick out of
that you little
that's our cue okay
no you cannot go in there because you
will go in and you will take more of
your share you will take too much too
much too soon
what does that the mint cake is the best
no because orange and the orange and the
mint ones are in special offer and when
you see a special offer kids you gots to
go and get it yo no you gotta dance
that's good I like it yeah just go with
it let it happen let them let the rhythm
take you over
yeah okay
note to self you're never driving a
motorbike I don't think I know no oh the
magical one must get me one of these
magical spin around in circles Megumi
like this
watch the actual bike right yeah yeah
there's a light here mm-hmm like I was
there alight
okay okay so there's a light and a bike
to show you where to pedal with your
hands
this is thing have an engine it's a
motorbike yeah we're like right and then
the handlebars come on like this
and then they go like this around like
but they don't move they're stationary
why you have to make them case and I
says it's raining raining do you believe
this is rain now you may wait you may
wait I have all the power in my hand may
you may enter the motor the motor
vehicle look at this open this up
Oh
open it
now you're in trouble
oh my magic wand my hocus pocus magic
wands just go what are you what have you
done
I go around touching things you can't
touch a man's button do not touch a
man's Botox or baton baton talks ah come
on guys the rain the rain on my head hey
falling on my head hey everybody the Sun
sure accidentally fall from space and
light us oh we would be so happy
this song is turning out better than I
thought it was weak and have a good week
and I think it's all over now over now a
lot like dog food in here Nate knows we
have a vomiter guys we have a vomiter
what are we gonna do right Alvie no
problem I'll be we drove Alby from court
to London to court to London to court to
London to court to London and he's no
problem that's like a billion mile
return trip right no problems whoo Cena
Drive around the corner I think that if
we just like bring her to Tobin right
let her get synch and you know would she
get over it
will that make it better or should we
like not bring them on the trip to talk
on like
you know if you guys leave some comments
and let me know because I already know
what to do like do we should be like is
that like a precomposed condition that
Cena has deposed disposed is that a
previous pose competition that Cena has
does that mean that Cena will never be
able to like be in the car without you
know vomity well she needs to fit in
with our lifestyle she does need to fit
you know I was thinking we could just
like tire bagging for her Marius get
sick and eat it so she has dinner at the
same time and she was everything perfect
problem solved
Jonathan Dora they're moving already
there's a guy behind me Tesco truck is
behind me the chesco truck is behind me
look I did not
don't use your disapproving woman face
the disapproving eyebrow for your
information I had a dream a nightmare
actually
that is right
you know that I needed to drive Erika
somewhere and I got into my dad's car
and I was just like I can't remember
anything and I was so afraid to turn it
on and to put my foot on the pedals
because I didn't know if I would be able
to stop it I just I could not remember
one thing I was just like in my dream
you know No and I was just like I was
the only person who could bring her to
whatever she wherever she needed to go
and I couldn't and I was just thinking
about it and I was like oh my god I'm
gonna have to drive down the hill into
traffic like I've never done that before
and I was freaking it was such a
horrible dream I was just like looking
on the pedal but I was like what if it
goes it just starts
I wish cars were like bumper cars
well Europe has no new passed a new
legislation where they're actually
trying to by 2050 though bit away we're
gonna actually try and get a cars out of
the cities they're gonna only use like
transport and stuff like that
oh that's flaw no I just want everything
to be like going a driver okay yes I
would like to be able to drive I just
don't want to do well this part oh
there's actually yesterday they passed
the new legislation in Ireland which
unfortunately means that it's actually
more difficult to learn to drive now all
right yeah changed I think I might just
no not about it like what you said do
you mean like my mom doesn't think
there's any point that she's like what's
the point
what are you guys let's do a poll watch
your American and it's just it's
different in America automatic cars yeah
everything's automatic you don't have to
do that maybe the cars because the cars
are powered by corn syrup yeah and
they're tastier and there's more of them
I'm I think that's what I'll do because
I have no interest in learning gears
well no siree it would seem that based
on the meter page everybody every single
one of our subscribers bar like five
learn to drive automatic access that in
Ireland nobody like all my friends drive
if you are in Ireland and you have an
automatic car leave me a comment oh I do
it so true
hardly I don't want any of my friends
can drive actually you're right actually
yeah oh yeah
I can't try to Rebekah can't do it he
can't drive maybe hey boys names driver
semi driver I was like 16 I think it
just depends where you live as well
because well the country can I Drive so
I could take the letters on the dicks
and I was in my car and I was like hey
ladies I want to date you office in my
car and I had like tinted windows oh
yeah oh yeah I was like yeah I was in a
car like that before
I did not have one of those cars but it
was so no I did not have I was never win
it oh yeah he had his seat like doubt
like he was like laying down driving
like and I was in the back so my knees
were like up here because I was like I
couldn't even breathe this seat was like
on me I was like hey oh my God look
you're in the air - lets get you little
Maltese I just sort of jumping up I just
I don't open up and she says are you
wearing on Saturday
that's your mo Tana she's wearing a
Hello Kitty hi what about them what's
one lie where no one yeah
hold agree not the only one boy do like
transformers plugs I feel a lot like I
feel like it was crazy because someone
came work was there and they were like
oh my god like I'm YouTube I was like
the first time anyone's actually able to
match to me like you know and it's very
like well used to it like celebrity yeah
but it was like I'm the first day I ever
put up a video I was just outside in dog
walker and TAS so sweet and so if I
actually watched the first video I ever
put up but that's been so long since
then like in the day vlogs never there
no one's ever come open send it to me so
I was like totally totally thrown off
guard like you know what I didn't even
know what I know I know it's never been
I know and it just feels so like I don't
know I don't know what to do or anything
so that was you I'm really sorry I've
acted like a bit of a weirdo
