it's pretty easy pretty cool breezy
pretty cold freezing freezing : I'm
tired
freezing freezing cold freezing freezing
cold freezing freezing : I'm tired and
it's harder to read then it started to
rain and it's called breathe and then
I'm tired
please at I'm cold it's diet old man
that's what I'm calling this song
freezing tired cold and rain yes busy
tired cold a great
the nice guys last week we're in the
summertime summer summer summer
let's just sit down and write you wanna
sit down and write no one's to sit down
a rhyme in this waiter that's for
shizzle dizzle harness is not good it's
just not good at all it's putting a
damper on my mood better not be like
this for the weekend
or I will be upset while we set up set
up and upset it's double upset that's
double issues upset and it's not lishus
oh no that's just me throwing words
around willy-nilly let me tell you guys
they will not be licious Oh No there
will not be dee-licious it'll be ethical
issues but that's the opposite of
delicious this left
if you get when you're like when you're
overtired and you just start wondering
what your thoughts wandering the
wanderer is the wonder oh boy see oh oh
well total looking for the Seidman state
oh it's gonna be awesome
based on how many people said they're
going that stuff it's like I was like I
was saying at it like 10 people turn up
they'll be like cool you know and I was
like why should 20 people turn it up
people I don't even know do it myself
but I ok let's start a badge so you come
to the meetup bring your instruments
because we're starting back we're gonna
call it
Joe fussing Joe Fox
she wanted me the jobox
but the guy is goes in the bank oh
something like that I don't know I don't
know it's too early you guys check that
Denis Jedward socks no it's great the
same like Oh
Jedward are cool but uh that new song
they have that lipstick one for the
Eurovision I think it's really actually
good like how I was like she listened to
this morning and I didn't realize it was
Jedward and I was like that's kick in
and then it was like that's general now
it's like general just become quite good
maybe haven't one of those hardcore days
because like you can win ahead and I got
this instead of coffee this morning
because I was like so wrecked but I was
like tired and wrecked beyond coffees
repair so I thought to myself you know
what's better than coffee well if it hit
detox is better than coffee folks did
not pay me to say this but I just
wondered head and did this I went ahead
and done this don't understand this I'm
over myself I was thinking of you I
always all by myself
and it's just weird Aaron told me that I
can actually create a poll on Facebook I
didn't know you could create polls on
Facebook so I'm gonna create a poll on
Facebook so you guys can vote what you
guys want to do during the meet up on
Saturday like you know go to the zoo go
bowling play cards rob a bank we could
be on a stoppable team of bank robberies
or I don't know just like hang out and
do absolutely nothing and just like
high-five each other for like an hour
that could be fun oh now look what I
came home to
isn't that the cutest thing in the world
thanks a lot guys thanks a lot guys oh
yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah
this is what I've got it done right cuz
we live in a democracy yo right so I
stood up at a pole I just tweeted it out
there and they just put it into my
Facebook okay so I've narrowed it down
to four options Dublin Zoo st. Stephen's
Green Phoenix Park or done drum shopping
center I think like Dublin Zoo is like
yay fun but if it rains not so much fun
Stephen's Green and Phoenix Park are
like to sort of just park areas you know
where it's kind of like we can meet up
and just like high-five each other
repeatedly so I would say bring spongy
gloves if that is your option and done
drum shopping center because I think
it's like cat isn't it really central
and it's massive and you know so go
ahead and vote for what you want to do
you want to play with the animals pick
some daisies double high-fives or hang
in a shopping center right so go to my
facebook page
we'll just help from some jelly head
down here to the Bodhi thing here
I've also tweeted at the link you can
find it there but if you just have to
click on any one of these that you want
Austria cork cork okay if I should
you're like a global one what country
would you like the next meetup to happen
right so if you just click on any one of
these it'll bring you then to the next
paper probably asking you know you have
to put it on your page but or if you got
here and I can just put it in Dublin Zoo
60% with three votes nothing nothing and
Dundrum shopping center got two votes oh
is between these two so um no one wants
to high-five in a park so please if you
were intending on going to the going to
the meet Oh Pam where do you want to
meet up the choice is yours feels like
there's a little rain in the air guys
now this is the beauty of Ireland pretty
durable weather predictable weather
that's we're like California knows how
to party now we're like we are in
Iceland freezing cold Iceland
I don't know reasoning code but it
sounds it ice land land of ice he's the
boy was a big long run wasn't it guys
you did the worst hair day ever guys my
hair is like insane it is like it all
went up and fell to the side today keep
out the keeper oh that is a DC rocket
can you go to the moon in your leafy
rocket what there oh that's like a stub
why do you give you this stub
I like the green stuff see just up here
guys mmm
give way you know I have some salad in
my rocket place what super darling lover
I have a question for you these are very
Christmassy I must say things are
Christmassy okay to me it was ok you
know things happen thing things think
things happened what happened to your
coat why um you all wet you want the
long story short story because the short
story is that I went out for walkies
well to be honest and I got myself a
little bit messed up I think I came
undone mad inflection and confusion with
the voices or stretchers treacherous on
my George well I do it for you what I do
it for the team will do it eyes or no
just the Bechdel muting days mm-hmm
that's cool again isn't that just the
tudo things left yeah
do you guys should touch that probably
not well your hair's kind of curly today
a little bit that's really pretty
did you crumple it
oh no Madinah Muhammad and no matter
what's the sauce when it crashed looks
kinda like snot it's not not that's not
Bon Appetit me amor
