you guys you guys break my heart
sometimes I'll break my heart but your
heart string puller is right yo so I'm
not saying I'm gonna do this okay I am
NOT in 100% stood in stone saying that
I'm going to do this but I've been a
meet-up in Dublin has completed this
began all right so this Saturday we're
doing a meet-up in Dublin the reason I
chose Dublin was because I'm trying to
satisfy everybody I'm trying to be as
fair as possible I know people in Dublin
are thinking like yeah game on bro he's
coming to my town you know but for all
the other people who are the country
people thinking like oh man I got to
travel yo and if you travel and to me
there's a Dublin that's awesome and I
really appreciate that you know but if
you can um you know that's okay yeah
this ain't school yo but you know for
the core people who are like sounds like
oh why ain't you doing it in Cork and
your four cores and all this up and you
know it's it's breakin my heart but I'm
just trying to I'm trying to be good to
everybody you know I'm just trying to I
try to pick somewhere that I taught like
look Dublin is the capital city Dublin
central every train and bus and clean
and everything goes together now
expecting anybody to take
Isaac goes you're owning plane they get
on a plane when you swing by and pick me
up please
so my always thinking if the double one
goes well you know and I'm feeling the
vibes and I and everything's cool
I'm a and I say I'm a right and this
would be a short notice
sort of women think the week after I
made you even short meet up in court
that is it I'm saying no more all right
you might just like grab a pizza
together in town or you know do
something small and short but you know I
might just go ahead and do that the week
afterwards all right but I'm not saying
that I'm definitely going to do that and
I'm putting that in stone I'm just guys
it's just pretty bad I don't like well
that's not bad I would love to have the
time guys to go around every single one
and typically I said that I was like you
know we should do like if we get to the
point where we can do like you know you
cheaper climb stuff
well I already can but unfortunately
Joel Faso cannot but if I could you know
we keep like you know you'll meet up and
like go away Belfast Dublin Cork you
know all the kind of big cities wait for
the comments of how I've missed out on
the big cities or lirik never good let
me see I'll give it to you lubricant
you're a grand old city you got the guys
with the master interface the things
about the horses
sighs yeah so I don't know but I might
have made that I didn't cork because
yeah you're breaking my heart guys also
if you are coming it will be like
totally awesome if you could go to the
Facebook page and leave click the
attending budding or if you're not going
and click the toad attending button but
I'm a button but if you are go if you
are not going to go you know that you're
definitely not coming to the meetup like
I know you're probably wanting to
support us and it's really nice you
doing it don't click the attending
button because later on during the week
I'm gonna find out like what event
McLaren's you I'm taking at the zoo what
do you guys think we go to the zoo
anyway the zoo is that it's not central
but it's it's an activity it's something
to do when I'm saying I was like I have
sat down as I put it seems like you'll
be talking to is like is the best
so we're permitting what do you guys
think about going to Dublin Zoo wouldn't
it be like totally fun a little animals
and so for that I think your tie nicely
to do pathos or Saucony Joanie's and the
style I had people not so much of the
style I view because there there's a
comedy Charlie's where there's a bunch
of animals
well the solid line people are a little
bit more sophisticated attained as they
don't know until you'll know the groups
but yeah so like go there we can
give me some ideas so you're tending so
you're not attending what happens
just don't tell you pretending if you're
not attending in there I think like oh
that person's going and then they will
not go and then I will cry cuz I'm doing
a roll call guys oh yeah it's gonna be
roll call and there's gonna be lines of
punishment and detention or dozing
filter no any of your late
I want a note from your mother cuz they
worried I'm in the wrong lane guys in
the wrong man I have corrected my course
onward hundred with the corrected course
oh my goodness I am so tired today I
feel like the hour stole me check out
the sign guys it's hilarious to me guys
have fun of the hour changing thing I
know people I know soon you don't
actually get affected but he never
change
go baby boy my favorite thing to do when
I get home is to give me a little cuddle
she's not happy to me get to cuddle from
bad no right Mel right hmm Jimmy's me
today
tell the people's you missed me today I
love you first thing I usually do when I
get back from the studio is check the
video you know like check the comments
and reach in the comments you know and
you would have noticed yesterday video
end up quite late so there's not that
many comments yet but I just read this
comment I thought well time for her that
was good time having Ruiz ed tomorrow is
my 34th birthday March 29 can I get a
shout out shout I'm shout out
happy birthday January 34 holy crap
you're old just kidding hop on your
Zimmer framing one for a nap actually
you actually be able to stay awake for
this entire video so we all take a pause
in the middle poor old timey memory 34
years old
I'm only kidding with you
34th of puppy
I hope so I convince people that what
anyone's like close enough to my age my
life you're so cool I know who Justin
Bieber is have got a Twitter account
that's what defines you is like being
young cool right
what else what else has been going on in
the commandos today let's have a look
who is Erica to you and Hanna I get
confused squealy that's a squealy
question and I have links purse holder
thingy - that's the thing she attached
to the table thing wasn't it that was
the same nose same iou's I haven't Scott
on booked flights ah yeah we see the
thing was about the the meetup thing I
just wanted it to be I don't want too
much too much notice you know cuz then
it'd be like on May 16 2027 there will
be a meet up on the moon buy our tickets
now places are limited oxygen is limited
I need a snack
do you need a snack do I need a sec do
you need a snack - and you you wear me
everything on this very Monday hmm foxes
in dine fridge think I'll start slicing
mom what is that I don't know but I'm
going to have a bagel just having a
bagel a bagel slice a bagel slice that's
it BAM if you have about like um an open
microphone policy event you like
a bagel slice a bagel slice
bagel slicing
bagel slicing bagel slicing bagel
slicing thank you what would people
think oh but you might think wow the
depth of his meaning when he says bagel
slice a bagel as a metaphor for his his
lonely life and his life needs to be
sliced open and and the way he
metaphorically divides the jumper zones
between bagel and slicing you get
concept into depth of the meaning
remember everything breaks after that it
does my world
you guys should spend a night I've spent
the day even wouldn't spend a night cuz
it's dark and scary and your fossils
mind at night but spend a day in my
brain spend a day in my brain brain day
okay so I'm gonna come here and open
this for me please
because these know things where I get me
going
they call they get best before thing but
I think the guy in a factory right
whoever whoever puts these on to this
thing here right I bet you they're like
never ever are on right there always on
wrong then you're like how are you
supposed to do this like what about the
bother the vlogger that has the camera
in one hand and it's trying to get the
bagel thing open in the other hand you
know what about the butter the bloggers
have rights this is what I've done to
torque the system took out my bagon look
I just like smoosh your finger down in
the middle they're not kind of like
pushes it all in then you win you don't
need the other thing anymore you won
you're a winner winning wedding
like here's a crazy guy seriously
I don't I don't know how you feel about
the whole Charlie Sheen thing but to me
it's like I don't know I don't think
it's like amazing great I actually feel
sorry for the guy I think this is like a
this is like a really really clever PR
stunt and in that case it is work it is
work really really well you know well
done very good move good PR stunt
everyone's talking about you but if this
is just the guy he's having like a
freaking break down and everybody's like
watching I do is I put it you know well
I've got one dollar and you know what I
got one dollar a beautiful wife two
beautiful dogs all you beautiful
subscribers could I get any better could
life get any better brand new pasta
sauce what's a closed rule of you guys
who are these two men that's a big bowl
of pasta a big bowl of flavor is it you
guys know these guys hey you can't look
like the guy from Modern Family for a
third time time would you like to have a
faster time with Nina's the corner the
corner that's a con man Nina's a goner
and CNS 110s Nina Ciccone okay why guys
like in some Munchie de pies munch is it
crunchy de pies and then we're gonna
skip it a hippity-hop to Tesco it's
almost the best thing in the world
it's almost you guys are almost here
it's almost time to eat them we're
excited
I don't know when is the time guys I
don't go I'm free
can you buy you swags but if your bad
isn't sort of like against does the
Easter Bunny come at nighttime in Steve
or chocolate from you polka color okay
I don't know I'm super tired super tired
kind of artistic yes
quick game quick upheaval cook battle
battle of the beyond battle of the moons
I gotta play gotta have a quick game
guys then I gotta edit the blog and they
gotta watch a show give you some
attention
oh limit attractions so far they're like
the wedding that should be the toilet
paper for the wedding
I see official wedding and all the
bathrooms can i specify that it is point
is because it's toilet paper
