do the people's know that you can watch
the live show on blogtv or you plan some
runs I need you guys actually do that
because I was looking here right
just like on the blog TV website right
you know when you scroll down right all
the live videos here now I was actually
trying to watch it back this morning
because of we were like pretending to be
ibn Sina I just wanted to watch it again
but Kitty are here you know you can just
play the max if you ever don't make any
of our block TV shows or you can't be
there you can go to the website and you
can just watch like what's that it's a
half an hour that's a half an hour so
it's like an hour and a half of last
night's show which are pretty much sure
I recorded the whole thing so you can
see from the start to the end and I
think him when you're watching it you
can actually see all the comments so you
can you already feel like you're
actually there it's pretty cool that's
why I haven't bothered I'm not bothering
anymore to download them and try and
upload them again on YouTube because
it's kind of pointless where is they're
right here and they're ready to go and
the stream is pretty good so yeah all
I'll do is I'll share this this one on
Facebook read that last night do you
have an awesome time I'll smoke this
time or did you just like get it at the
end at midnight so far so where you
going man I just got here hmm
my bumming sword today guys whatever way
I was sticking last night
I hurt my bum mom I've got the sword
Toshi it is it's like house I'm gonna
leave 400 martyred story do not lean
forward the importing is not happening
today okay so I decided the best thing
probably to do is to set up when it
needs you know event pages on Facebook
there we go I just put up the Tonys now
there oh my girl you are quick off the
bat there Mary cuz I haven't even
charity it right and there we go so it's
set up the ciccone Joely me know I'll
probably put it on my page something I'm
gonna tweet it about
you know so leave some comment those let
me know who's attending who's not
attending what's going on we're gonna
make it happen folks we're going to the
castle for some num-nums I've been there
before but Johnson has it
and it's actually really nice it's an
old castle and Observatory but they have
like the inside courtyard is so like a
rest will not restaurant or like cafe
take place but it's really really pretty
and we were going to bring the dogs but
it's actually very overt asked if you
could see it's not really that sunny
anymore so we can't because we would
have said it is they have like I said
the courtyard it's like outside but it's
kind of chilly today so we didn't bring
them but alibies been there before he
was actually pretty well behaved know if
it would have been really really sunny
that would have been nice but and Anika
is still here I think she's going back
two days only and I think Rick means
well
anyways there's a boxer dog sitting
daffodils you know doctor those dealer
another being over here before they
drink along all right no no this is part
of the turning this is part of the
directions you have to go up to this
Chapel I'm seeing the boxer dog again
it's part of the directions go up to the
boxer dog pulley you turn go back down
past the boxer dog see the man with the
skateboard yeah yeah you had the man
with the paper because I'm like pointing
a camera at them each time and that guy
with the paper just looked up like could
she take a picture what did you do
my poem is just above my mom an old man
got since bombers or cuz we got a ban on
blood TV last night and remember those
of you that watch he'll remember I was
like like properly sit back with your
back against the wall he kept leaning
forward like this guns all excited
that's why this bomb is to where no one
to anyone first it's not like the hours
went forward I just haven't looked at
the instruction that we are five minutes
late actually we're like would you care
for dog barked at you this is the castle
guys this is the castle walls we have to
climb over these kinds of loans at the
team to get in pretty darn excited to
get some nose
is very managed there's a not need to be
magnetized do something well what do you
know it actually works
are you having a conscious a is this
place so nice so isn't this place so
nice oh really
and you like the ravine to them
restaurant I'm gonna go with the fishing
ships
all right so take out this one all right
and see the puppets
and I got this salad
Brown
cool thing that cool
try some tartar sauce
it's funny what's in it all goodness all
goodness me
goodbye
look at the castle yeah I got a copy
yeah thanks
castle but that's how cool it's like a
castle you're kind of ruining my castle
deal please live in Castle Street
yeah Turkey I said bring the tarp around
I'll take her home I ended up with
that's what I'm talking about I don't
care nothing matters
and a strawberry Z I have my fruits and
vegetables my five a day
it's awesome but mine - awesome that was
the biggest chocolate I've ever eaten in
my life and now I'm falling asleep but
it was something attached to me got a
spare blanket mate look the road at the
Castle Road
welcome to cosmos at the castle she does
she does it's not as cold alright it's
not as sunny today Nina Nina wow that
girl so beautiful do you know her is it
easy
get back to the little ones the young
ones you are
like stretchy huh big stretches need to
fix stretches floppy nearly big string
cheese or the valving a big stretch ease
the zombie a zombie without me
Kobe zombie here are me yes I am alright
guys I was just having my school's here
and those things yeah you think I'm just
gonna go back closing mm-hmm yes the
cutest little cutie pie and all the
cuteness world did you hear us talking
did you hear us talking you know I could
eat him
mm-hmm he's gonna waggling tail he's
gonna regularly tail
who's gonna regulate hail Xena Xena Xena
Xena
it's a rollover position guys hmm is
that you go boy do you wanna get up here
we get Tina up come on Tina
oh no it's a full ship all aboard all
aboard the full ship the full doggie
ship oh the washing machine is very
noisy guys mm-hmm yep Cena Cena lost her
first TT today oh she lost a 2g would
you lose your first duty is your duty
are you two teas I lost many a Tootsie's
I know you did
I'll be do you know what this is do you
remember this
you shave shave shave you guys are too
cute you know that you guys are too cute
oh I love you guys I love you guys so
much Lee so much Lee yes you know you
always end up would like like twigs well
how did you end up there twigs twigs the
craziness has begun
McKenzie owes you guys are the best what
to do guys do we get what's your options
what kind of options what's your options
what happens oh my gosh it's a fun angle
oh really
I have those veggie big my thing idea
someone came up at one time it's not
that deposit salad what chicken nuggets
Cena do you want chicken nuggets
we're missing a member oh wait I'll be
cut up here get up here right now know
where he is
I don't know where he is guys oh oh so
we need some num nums guys I need a
sundae we have him very good um cooked
every day before yesterday because my
mom cooked they're just nice of her so
today we're going to get a little treat
I did I wrote it he's on the silent
protest Abbey sauce their legs of course
she will
you know one is that you know what
explain yourself
explain yourself do I have to get the
monkey oh okay guys there we go are you
going to get the treats joint synonyms
treats maybe we can make this like a
Sunday tradition take away Sunday yeah
cheats on me because they never actually
go to get the treats they always wait
you know do you guys want to go to get
the treats come on now come on now
num-nums although Anna's trying to get
us a deviate on our plan okay because
apparently there's promise of cake
there's been promise of cake pan call
the militia polka
on my pan go go don't get sick in the
car this time or did we know chicken
nuggets for you okay chicken nuggets are
only for people that don't get sick
going to my house to get some way we go
no no no we're going to get petrol in
the car no what's the point of that
what's the point in putting patches on
the cases the carnival points the point
of putting petrol in the car when the
potato station is further they don't
mussels don't really make sense
you are agile fantastic Joe fantastic
say I think you're about experiences on
what is this like crouched over burning
like wasn't you over the good side
decided prepared for her luggage like
aziza
no you okay she's got a tail down and
everything that's all of these flames
this noise put up front hair like him
show her she's needs to light and I'm
just like yeah
like I just think it's unsafe to help
them okay
oh yeah totes what's going down now
honey don't area for her know what she's
here
hey Xena it's okay we're gonna make a
pit stop but all my house
and then do Ronald Ronald house solar
eclipse women cry though no no it's the
entire opposite thing I would like to
say something
Huggies freemium we didn't go don't what
the hell yeah we do the different terms
for defense
alby's like what you want to say no yeah
you okay on me fool weenie
it's a hard-knock life do you miss Toma
did you want to go to all muscles yeah
and we just have to do this first okay
okay it won't take long
move it Alvie dude you ain't up homie
see Jonathan put the little seat or
armrests deceitful endo huh let me see
it a foul disease
you have a cozy little area here cozy
don't worry we're going to go to almost
house now and get some treats okay and I
got her way we're at mama style lights I
think no come on guys let's check the
pond is upon these bad made that I made
that guys if you do not know how to make
a garden pond you can simply go back to
my old videos about 200 videos or so ago
I made a video which is how to make a
garden pond this is kind of what you end
up with after time when nature takes
over pretty good job though isn't it
see know what you doing Cena as he fall
into the pond don't fall into the pond
and do not fall into the pond
give it one should be the very one that
will jump into the pond because my
flight came in early mother I totally
know what's going on behind me
okay okay you're disrupting my interview
process please this is very important
you only want me don't you send a puppy
I don't think I should not like hello my
name is donkey yeah I'm gonna go with
the chicken legend you want to release
the kill do you really want to race to
kill what do you want they're busy yeah
can you get a large chicken legend meal
I can to get a large Big Mac meal yep
can you get six chicken nuggets yeah one
of those cream egg slurry things yeah
thanks a lot
Thanks
he writes me mmm tasty meal I say tasty
chimes ahead
