is having a talk there about the
possibility of doing a meet-up in Dublin
next week holy crap Olli did he say next
week next week because we're going up to
Dublin for my brother's my brother's
birthday my brother his son's birthday
my godson Dylan I am the lord of him
it's up to God something I don't know
but I am what you're saying we're gonna
be Dublin and everyone always keeps
asking me to do meetups and stuff and I
was like you see you could do it in
quark but I don't think there's nothing
like five or six people in quark so just
just hang out by Tesco and you'll
eventually meet up but for all the other
people it's like why don't we do it in
Dublin because obviously it's a capital
city you know and everyone knows it and
it's really easy to get there and it's
kind of central location for everybody
so it's kind of like the most fair I
should probably go this way so my
question to you my folk Holy's is we're
in Dublin should we do a meet-up and
what activity should be partake if an
activity needs to be part token ok I
don't want it to involve money it's got
to be a free event
um I don't it to involve like food like
somewhere like a cafe or something
because you know if there's more than
like four or five people plus us to like
you know that's a lot of people you know
and then if there's 500k how many celebs
we've got nine and a half nine and a
half thousand plus Anna's like fifty
thousand so if like sixty thousand
people turn up okay I don't think that's
good out but like if a lot of people
turn up it'll it'll it'll call chaotic
and you know and I won't work out so we
need somewhere now I haven't been to
Dublin in quite a while like you know
I'm not I know but like the things that
I grew up like I grew up in Dublin
obviously and the places that I knew and
remember might might not be there
anymore or might have changed oops this
way you know so em give me give me some
comment or suggestions if you're from
Dublin fair city here where the girls
are so today I first heard I meet up
with this Coney Jolie's that is totally
gonna be the intro for that day there
leave me some comments if you give me
some suggestions of where we could meet
up I'd want it to be like if anyone's
coming if anyone goes there that's not
from
Dublin okay I don't want it to be like
somewhere complicated you know something
really really simple that anyone that's
not from Dublin or doesn't know Dublin
can find it like really really quickly
yeah so just say I give me some suggest
oh nice but this could happen guys this
could be this could be that doesn't be
the first meetup thing we've ever done
while we did them in London himself but
that was more like because we got
invited to like parties and stuff this
is it oh my lovely wife to be is going
dress shopping with her bridesmaids have
fun huh love you love you bye
something going on over there folks
looks like some like ginormous big
protests or something you're protesting
maybe that's our meetup is it that so
many people are coming that would be
quite a lot of people a lot of people's
I think the only reason I'm getting like
I'm like gonna like do it it's because
there's so many is like use this website
called YouTube meetups or something like
um where I meet up YouTube or I don't
know something like that and I looked up
the cork one I looked up the table one
you know and yeah I think people will be
talking about it for like about a year I
had organized a meet-up and I was like
oh come on let's just go do it alright
there's no point in like trying to over
organize it or anything like that or
let's meet here what about this more
about that like I think people's biggest
concern is that people won't show up you
know and so I'm like you know what we're
going to Dublin and we'll wait there
no-one will turn up I'll cry for a while
I probably delete the channel you know
I'll become a carpenter know I'll become
a carpenter but yeah I hope you guys can
make it because I think you'll be
totally cool actually mean um tires
people Irish this is oh yeah you have to
speak Irish only I'm trying to decide
though whether I should bring the
doggies or not because Xena will be
happy as Larry because she loves people
I'll be on the other hand
right guys the most you know about it's
a lie you know so he's kind of nervous
he said he's got a nervous disposition
about stranger dangers not not that most
of you guys are stranger dangers but I'm
just saying that he might have a nervous
disposition to meet people you know so I
don't know what we'll do that right we
just bring him in just like you know if
Alby barks that you do not do not be
afraid okay do not be afraid as he's
gnawing on your leg also do not be
afraid there is nothing to worry about
it's a completely normal situation the
guy right beside me here's looking over
at me staring thinking what is that
crazy man doing I'll tell you what I'm
doing I'm talking to my friends they
live inside a little silver device I
forgot my phone guys and I am supposed
to meet mama starlight now to go back to
the car place for her to collect her car
but I forgot my telephone so this might
not work out as well as we had hoped but
in their super house and see if it's all
kosher Steve it's all kosher yo
it is so sunny today another beautiful
day thank you Lord Lord on heaven on
earth or whoever it is that's split on
the switch speaking of flipping switches
today is hurt our guys half ate tonight
oh yeah we're doing blood to be tonight
well you dare last night were you dare
last night at the blogtv event
I haven't actually AM edited video or
rented a video or anything so I might
stink a little thing at the end of the
video just to let you guys know that
we're doing it tonight what we're gonna
do is we're gonna do it directly after
Earth Hour
I was thinking wouldn't be funny to do
during art hour for an hour of just
darkness
it might not be fun no trophies no
towers not a joke it is a very very
serious thing okay guys I hear ya I hear
you loud and clear
so half 9:00 tonight blogtv oh by the
front in town it was a short time my
house it was a short time what my tour
has been done moving on to the next tour
moving on to home time but to put my
belt on to my belt all the way all the
way all the way that's the stuff of
legends
oh my goodness guys do you see that he's
not really freaky hmm no I'm really
freaky I know guys I know crazy huh
crazy oh you know one of the reasons why
I really want to do video is because
it's not like be good 3 I might be half
okay but I feel like you feed comas on
last year okay I felt like so excluded
from VidCon I feel really like its own
oil which VidCon was somewhere more
Central European or even like in the UK
or something I like there's nothing you
know I feel like I was talking about its
before back the community and Ireland
you know and I was like on gosh darn it
you know and I was like all right now
playlists you know everyone's play this
play this play this place and they'll
play the sliders on and you see on
Twitter everyone's like the staff dog
and I'm like oh mix glue it again you
know and now you got dizzy tour which is
on at the moment and then you got VidCon
which is gonna come up pretty soon again
and that's like and
sitting here in our little island and
read about all these like wonderful
events that are going on which is like
all these initiatives that you cheap are
doing to like inspire the community and
stuff and I already feel like you know
in all right because a lot of their
stuff is quite new you feel like a
little bit of a pioneer a little bit of
an innovator I think I can safely say
that we are probably the first challenge
in Ireland to do this every single day
for the last 287 days that is today
right so that's kind of like punish a
little bit in Ireland you know I feel
like you know let's drive the community
forward let's take some initiatives and
this makes make the community grow you
know and I really want to do some more
this stuff but you know time and time is
always a big factor but I was there
saying I was like look we're going to
Dublin you know to my brothers meetup
like my brothers meetup me my words
confused you know I was like what about
on Saturday why don't we just like go or
we've got a week to organize it you know
get the word out get everybody together
let's get like let's get the community
let's incite the community you know I'm
really sorry if you can't make it we're
in the UK or if you're in Central Europe
or in America or China or Japan or Asia
or Australia and New Zealand what am I
forgetting or South America North
America and Alaska Russia is what she's
in Europe kind of so that's pretty much
everywhere isn't it at the Antarctic if
you're in the Antarctic how are you even
watching this are you Santa Claus Santa
Claus mm-hmm maybe Santa Claus will come
you know so I'm I don't know I'm just
I'm just trying to get spire the
community or something
I don't know I don't know how people
come nobody comes nobody comes it'll
just be like a normal day of life that's
me around like I just I just never
talked about it I just like it we'll go
to Dublin no one turns up I wouldn't
even blog it on just like Ivan brothers
have if you just come home with me but I
wasn't remember I don't remember
that's like he just like totally like
Photoshop or like I did a project a few
months ago where we had am we had like
we had to do the scene in this film
where it was gonna be we needed like
like five hundred sort of and soldiers
and stuff in put your like moving and is
here right but we only have him there
like 40 something actors you know so
what we did is that we had we tracked
the forty actors master Samara and we
put them back in on an Animoto track
coming down the man so I ended up with
five hundred soldiers about an imagined
but I didn't I had forty guys and I just
like duplicate ourselves and and mash
them on different areas to make build a
composite so what I could do is I could
take okay the one or two subscribers
that turn up right you're like totally
just like put them on like a comp and
build a huge
billion people coming towards us you
would never know the difference
now if I could get all those people to
subscribe to me somehow that my friend
would be genius we're going to all
mouths to get some num nums
welcome to Omar's to get some num nums
and that girl is there too Anna did her
makeup on she's from Germany
her name's Annika oh come on sheep come
on sheep mushy pea hissed of the Sheep
HootSuite that's the thing on Twitter
isn't that you used actually them talk
to people are something like that
obviously misbehaving so and it's
training him it's not right Ali I'll be
here no we're Xena
we're Cena no that's it back in the room
like in a room I study the cookie
crumbles oh that's right it's quite good
like you guys are Monica she did her a
German impression last time there's
wonderful
well that will composite someone else in
here yeah you've been in Ireland now for
how long one month no I've been here
longer me oh I thought last time you
went from here to Dublin oh then you're
in home and you've got a week left is
that week and a half
yeah then decided today what is it was
that October Wow we've aged matured so
much since October like different people
now good knowledge now I was so young
back then so silly
oh goodness oh he's a good boy now you
go boy Albie yeah good boy see Mike okay
no barking anymore no barking anymore
he's cured that was really good god I
was super awesome no it was really good
like you can turn every quickly it's the
same
he looks over it guys like I know no
dinner today fate of cheese let's dig in
yum-yum-yum got a basketball top you're
wearing what team do you play for don't
have round the table or so jump into the
scandal and it'll all go wrong look the
vegetarian got catered for the rest of
us carnivores are going to rip apart -
but the nice sophisticated vegetarian
among us will eat some chickpeas yum yum
yeah chickpeas I swear I'm not having
chickpeas
I'm having to grab me yes because I was
like rice is nice this is nicer
would you fer tortilla team party yeah
you talk too much
oh I guess the next day if everyone
agrees to pretend it's tomorrow that's
it that's it Jai ronica mother's day is
now officially tomorrow so much is
happening in Maine so that's it guys it
has changed what it is now tomorrow okay
actually when I put this blog go I was
ill tomorrow
oh yeah so it's today today is Mother's
Day not tomorrow cuz then tomorrow is
really Mother's Day so it's today
is it Anna when is Mother's Day third of
April
oh yeah that's right and I don't wanna
know yeah I remember I'm gonna send my
mother a Facebook message and I'll
attach the little icon thing dear enter
name happy Mother's Day
look it's half age no other way you're
putting more electricity on ah let's do
this now but still what's my lighting
situation like it's not gonna fall what
could possibly go you know what time it
is do you guys know what time it is
Oh who wants to be on the vlog it is you
know the trail
give me some haze and give me some hose
I want to see some haze where are you I
want to see some peasant house
oh yeah oh yeah you know what your turn
a macro on when we're doing this hey oh
hey you guys uh do you guys ever see
your names when you do this if I
actually put the other one on
we can probably actually scream record
this oh I think I am recording this I am
I can record half an hour of this
because obviously deliberately Michael
hey guys so will you on blogtv last
night were you enjoying were you having
to crack into fun and hearing all the
super secrets that we tell on blogtv
then we don't tell the other of yours oh
no ho no they're super secret super
secret you guys are my super secret team
you're not my super secret team a super
soldier world war
