each point is there I'm wearing my fat
t-shirt guys what the hell my fat
t-shirt is my back t-shirt is it tea
should I wear and then I go what I put
on my fat t-shirt today now I don't know
if you can see it well now if you can
see it but life excuse me but like
someone saying like oh it's not updating
us on there because sometimes I'll do
something for a while you know and then
M now I'm just like stop vlogging it
because I feel like keep blogging the
same thing over and over and over and
over again like sometimes like I might
give ages I'll do to breakfast thing and
then I got in the car and there's
something I've noticed that all the
videos start with me in the kitchen then
cut to the car then either medium
something at work maybe and then me
coming home and then meeting out of here
and then having dinner and I'm walking
it out there you go wow there's like a
it's too repetitive or something so
sometimes something that I could change
a rule yo I love those little factoids
guys sorry now and it's a bunch of the
crunchy munchy crunchy guys you taking
part in Earth Hour day thing it's on
Saturday a half eight I think it's like
whatever a half eight is for you all
right well maybe it's happy for us and
then it's another time for other people
I'm not sure how the global
synchronization of time works but I am
and I just told me about it there she's
like oh look at hours on a half fading
Saturday we just basically turn off all
our lights for an hour on Saturday so
I'm like yo yo yo boom let's do that I'm
gonna make a special one-hour long vlog
on Saturday in the dark gonna turn off
the lights and we just get a new video
in the dark it's gonna be awesome
we're like a radio show ring
Radio kill the radio show radio Kia in
or not kill the radios what has it said
no television kill the radio show are
you ready to sing along are you ready to
make musical history I know I were
tapping things twice but it's like the
opening for a song a super song for you
fasten a baby's ass that's only lungs
this is how I swing my song whoa one two
three there's like four though shit oh
right whoa whoa whoa this is redonkulous
okay
I've been sitting here all right it's
been sitting here like this right
processing 90% uploaded her yet I'm
waiting to put it on the thingy but it
is talking nice I swear to god this is
like some sort of a standoff I'm having
between myself and YouTube right now
where did this be 99% it normally goes
90 percent for a little while and then
eventually pop right now it is taking
forever yo and this is like so annoying
because I have the whole screen set up
over here to do a screen capture let's
play off the giana sister thing but like
just go just go just do it come on come
on man I know it is like a queue system
and I must have like missed the end of
the queue system and now I'm obviously
on the second Q system which I don't
know what time that's ready to release
all the content but like 99% for age as
an insight if I walk away it is going to
go live that's what it's waiting for and
the reason I'm sitting here waiting is
because I want to get to Tommy
up and I wanna do all the stuff that's
begun once it goes live and you've only
got like a few seconds to get the top
nail up once it in goes live otherwise
you have to wait a little while I wants
it up right down so uh come along now
come along now my friend Gerard our city
video fails that is upset me that was
upset me greatly
so we are going to go out with the
doggies while I wait for to be upload
the vlog hello hello young pups and
popsicles Cena what's I just said your
name
you guys ready you guys ready to go huh
no go no walkies yeah we're gonna have a
good time that's in it's done live show
live television breaker but dog is mine
a house good doggies run the house to
talk is mine the house dog is mine I
hope my name is cops can i - do this to
put you under baby - 15:1 the Vagos
lesson I like the cinnamon Mabel's in
Vega
I see what you've got in there yep crew
cereal two things of milk 1 million each
a bacon slice each I say we're done for
dinner we're having crunchy not bagels
in soy milk how do we how well I suppose
all you do is pour the milk in this area
when it's done Oh dip into soggy bagels
that's pretty much it and you guys play
PC games I hate to dream I hate it all
of my life I find half-life 2 the disc
for the PC then how you use it go on a
second maybe won't do it let's play on
like half life cuz half life there's a
lot of fun ffs to stick to disk in
thinking sticking a disk install of
great then it's like what they're
wearing five six minutes no problemo
right
dang it oh what's the steam thing oh I
think I remember that was that some sort
of a platform thing that manages you
games or something I can't really
remember I was like you know problems
doing it solid no problem
quick update no problem two hours later
still updating platform or some crap so
we finally get past that stage on to the
next stage of like logging in and then
it's like oh you haven't all the count
I'm like I'll submit remember all the
games that I bought before and I was
like this is pretty cool you know
starting to get over my hatred for it
next thing you know again again up
painting steam platform files how much
steam platform file uh plating can you
possibly be how much I don't know I
don't know I can't answer that question
because it's still doing it you know
what I think this might be the answer it
might be the answer maybe it's this
might be the answer multiple stations
you know what this is going to be the
answer I need some time alone with my
friend yes I got it
it opened it looks really different last
I looked at this in like 2008 or 2009 it
was maybe the last time I looked at this
but um I haven't seen it so long what do
I have oh it's all half-life one
half life 1 & 2 & Lost Coast and portal
and Team Fortress and everything oh yeah
cool so maybe I'll start download paused
what I don't understand I don't
understand what's going on okay so uh
yeah it just takes for elves do you know
mmm what we're making today
doctor chef Xena's nickname yeah oh my
goodness they smell so good
how did eight smell so good can I have
some more turkey on my jingle mm-hmm
he's gonna chop it up and fry it up
Friday put unison sniper 1 come on hmm
popping out mm where's the killer kitty
get you guys up to the subscribe for a
while and have you lounging around the
kitchen now can't wait no siree Bob
Sunday my birth certificate
that's a certificate I won once because
I was born the order in your CV you know
and they're like certificate or diplomas
and degrees and stuff can you put down
your birth certificate because this it's
a certificate that you earned you caught
him yourself out there okay what is the
thingy buttons that make this sticky
thing right here right here right here
right now is it open whoa color tyonne's
now pluck you Maria
I think you're covering that's alright
isn't it
everyone's everyone's present and
accounted for
yeah no they'd even have to use a pin
let's just put a pin in anyway
oh sorry I hope that didn't hurt your
was that carpet no I'm good
how could it be carpet I'm in theater
thing there wall carpet now I'm gonna
put you my friend ease get on these
little thingies
get a section over here looks like yeah
there you go
fits nicely fits nicely no just get a
pink one make the boys wink because
she's kind of winking oh she's winking
awesome I worked that well alright I
hope Katrina or Flynn and said here does
not get upset if I put the little kitty
cat like this would you you might was
that no no something fell foul let me
put the kitty cat here like this poking
out and we're done
we got the kitty one we got the teddy
bear one we got don't worry along I got
the picture wanna move some things
around but it is looking osmosis do you
know why I came up with that idea
look how much it's grown hmm it's got a
now okay thank really good to do
something different your hair or
something what is it look really pretty
the pretty girl where am i sitting bones
half-eaten usual place why don't I swing
one of these around here
mm-hmm a banoffee pie hole for me mm-hmm
you want to eat some too maybe little
that looks funny like Oh all that or
that America likes it I will eat it what
your oh no it does not look good
what do you reckon no it's not a goer oh
no it's not for the cool team or team
cool thanks except I'm like a cool tiger
it can be a cool cat cool treble watch
will you come back go oh no no no tell
me so cool Erica when I get the PBR
thing you can record all right we can
record our fun game place
why tell the people now what happened
why for those other people are the same
if you're in school and you go what is
it for I think it's the cervical thing
they stick in their arm does did you get
it done was it as painful as this is
there a scarring is there a scar
something we can show this is still down
running and this is not fun so let's
turn on the other fun device the in
spontaneous whatever shall I do
I press the wrong button
they'll be so cool we can get the
gameplays up the same we can record our
gameplays Justin Bieber you're cheating
on it Eric is cheating on Justin Bieber
guys this is serious this is really
upsetting I can't believe you're
actually doing this this is terrible
he's over in Germany right what's that
girl's name again the one he's with
Selena Gomez
so he's like slut in about town with
Selena Gomez he's like going
mm-hmm
Selena's not in Germany oh oh oh the
broadest inning who's this who are all
these peoples musti's my friend he's
coming to my wedding
he's obviously coming to my wedding No
some of them are real people in real
walls I'm them because guys guys
Mathi yeah my whole entire life only
well he has a proper name Maxie's only
his like students for name
not the people know there was he works
for the government
yep but he's Brian Cowen congratulations
check it out guys right battlefields by
couple - oh my shiny watch hmm
shiny shiny
she likes the shiny things Oh better oh
yeah you have turned on like why not
turn up what look at this guy Suzie's
thing yet
yeah yeah yeah that's totes totes why
aren't you wearing it because I'm not
used to wearing watches yeah yeah I'm
sorry real diamond eat where animals
were a million euros i watch itself was
worth 50 million euros no I have no idea
and it's pretty heavy I know isn't it
yeah but how could not change if it's
time
if you it says 14:28
and then it says 421 wait only for 20
because it is 22 minutes past for the
time is in sat right or you can do it
look you can count down in two seconds
right the weight changes we put on the
right time well if you can turn it like
you can turn it off you want to be just
bling for the ladies you're in like
bling bling for the latest bling bling
for the ladies nuts if you want to be
all bling bling for the ladies they want
to be bling bling for the letters and
because I've seen no idea it's a time to
be honest Erica I have absolutely no
clue
I am toyed with that watch for two days
now and I can't seem to figure it out
really just looked it up I haven't got
around thank you doing that you know I
can't change the time and you can't put
the watch on what a mighty packaged pair
we are can figure out how to make the
watch work okay I will give you this
remote control and you can keep this
remote control forever
if you can figure I have to make that
time backwards it was a while ago now
it's us to bite before the forest the
hour the other ones a second I'm not
sure Oh someone like she left me a
comment asking me what do I think about
the bad company um the single-player is
like totally amazing multiplayer and
everybody got into it
onslaught onslaught is where it's at my
friend to people because that's what I'm
back hit up now on so it's like you and
like three your friends so there's four
people in lobby and you just like create
your own by hopefully a war thing it is
my god guys check this out right you
know Erica had the injection today look
at my guy like him
now please drop alright now what do you
think Erica deserves a cute cat do you
think Erica deserves and all these oh no
well this is Joe Bosso supply this is my
this is my supply of chocolate O's oh
yeah oh no you got the mint one here and
you got orange ones please I'm telling
you my friend are super awesomely
amazing how are these come from magic
land magic your wind office where javis
imagines chocolate Oh chocolate oh just
appears seriously where javis is imagine
chocolate or chocolate is it's not
Terry's chocolate it's mine
I broke it have a break hobbykid Scott
waiting for my invitations and
Invitational look everyone's online now
massages received not yet met not yet
I'm waiting for my invitation
what kind of people are these kind of
people are these that'll be at all hey
guys next day today just saying this now
because we're doing a blog TV tonight
and half 9:00 GMT just after earth to
our earth our on GMT time is half 8 to
half night and we will be on a half 9:00
to like half 10:00 or 11:00 or something
right now I know it's a little bit early
this time but we're gonna do it like I
promised those crazy fools are gonna be
there y'all so I will see you guys
tonight
vlog TV I thought I'd just leave this in
here because he pick used me before I'm
not telling you on YouTube and I would
never never ever would I do something
like that so here i am here i i'm just a
man standing in front of my subscribers
asking you to love him see you guys
tonight
