we're excited just so tired of everybody
hating on me at my tutees well I'll show
you not white but I have been trembling
and toying with this for years and years
and years and years you know should I do
it should I not do you know I'm a lot of
you guys have some really good comments
when you were saying you know what Jeff
it's just do it if we think it'll make
you happy and I do find myself sometimes
like not smiling totally you know
because I'm aware of it you know and I
just I wonder sometimes should I you
know and then I was like I couldn't
probably get it done and then you know
the way you like to sabotage yourself
was you just go no I'll just live with
it you know and then I was like oh wow
no I was like gone maybe I will maybe a
wound I looked at this website for this
cosmetic place in Cork like about a
billion times you know and then I said
tiny ass was like maybe I'll go tomorrow
I know this morning and I was like no I
may be a long turn I was like just do it
drove us George I was like okay and now
like I'm think I'm actually driving up
there I am like so super excited but
saying how I'm like really nervous cuz
it's like you know I broke that tooth
and back in 1996 and since then I've
lived with pretty much the thing that
the fake one dead or whatever it is like
you know so it's like excited and
delighted
so I don't know like we're gonna go up
there she might take me I'm sure son
hop in the seat and we'll do right now
and I'd be like oh no we like totally
rocks
but I'd say more than IV we're just
gonna get an assessment and then make an
appointment but imagine like I cut to
you and I'm like I gotta do it because I
am too conscientious I'm too
conscientious
it's really sunny today I never brought
you guys out here before this is little
island little island civil kind of
industrial part thing in Cork Eastgate I
think we're going to East Gate Business
Park just great Business Park
whoa pizza to get everything that's
gotta be done
KFC this place is huge
Harvey Norman electrical plays motorbike
car shop my channel art labs this place
ginormous
I did not know about this place I bet
it's over at up this was much more
clinically we found ourselves lost here
we found out now that it's number four
East Gate Drive
I think it's back up East Gate village
just sounds like it's back up at the
start but all this sort of like a skate
drive we're looking for East Gate
village guys if you haven't spotted
leave me a comment and I'll check it
tomorrow and then I realize just get
Avenue get closer
went in and made an appointment for two
weeks I think it's about two weeks
knowing not this Thursday next Thursday
I'm gonna go and have a consultation
with to consult people and they're gonna
give me all my viable options to make me
smile nicer to make me smile a smile a
right
we are outside the Popo let's go get the
Popo ex Maria axiom put a little cow in
it a moo cow oh cool look I love cows
but absolutely adore the Ciccone choice
that is so cool like love you little dog
like he's upside down it's right there
and Huggle kita yeah
josephus Alvey and Xena I wanted to
thank you for making your daily vlog
every day when I get off work I look
forward to seeing your happy faces oh
wait we need to play would you ever want
a munch and watch because so happens
that I am wearing a matching watch what
do you think
snap cease phosphorus you think it looks
good on me what do you think I'm faster
faster real I'm not sure if I am if I
love it
no what do I look like oh dear
it's very I never wear a watch you know
in a feel free have you feel like like
walking like this my hands me like drag
down now something for them the diamonds
are kind of diamonds are forever but
they're kind of diamond deep like it's
only good stairs
have I didn't bring my sunny outside in
the car and I was thinking I don't know
what I was thinking pretty busy park
inside in a car park and I wasn't really
thinking that we're actually gonna go
outside
you know I silly aiya silly
now I'm burning up my eyes eyes are
burning so feels like the middle of
summer like it's so sunny and hot today
and was I'm walking and my teachers and
white and stuff like that I love in this
I hope it's gonna step up this way but
pretty sure it's not like winning
tomorrow or something I was kind of cool
went into the body shop to get some new
thing and the girls like I don't know
that is I don't have that product in the
interactive moments like oh hi I know
it's just looking for just like your
anti righteous like I read your blog
she's like the product that you have was
sent to you for review but it's not even
in stores yet it's not so crazy it's
like and we review the product they're
like I'm gonna like that product you go
to buy their product I'm sorry the
product it's not available - like this
rant about coming up here to the airport
it's kind of cool just like it has a
little like airplane oops
has a really cool I always think that's
cool when I see it I say that's pretty
darn cool right hello whoever made that
is a magical man
now I'm eatin on a style diet up here
somewhere because she is going to get
her car repaired somewhere around I
would say that it is this way I don't
know where this way but I'm guessing it
this way I like driving along country
roads in the Sun you know something
about it feels more like no country and
nice or something just Park in the
middle of a road boom I bet it's in
there that's what I bet if I was a
betting man I would bet that it's in
there taking advantage of the good
weather we're gonna wait here and sit on
the car
we were just hanging by the car be like
a holding dog just hanging by the car
the crazy lady has brought us in a range
we're trying to find a place to get her
car fixed near the airport but where we
are not the airport isn't that cool
I don't know if you can see it from here
was not a pretty cool you actually see
right over the airport area
and I just gave um almost I'll light the
Hello Kitty stickers that we got to give
to Erica because I think Erica really
likes the Hello Kitty stuff I think she
will probably make more use of the
stickers
then we want fun I wonder where to put
them on the wall but then I mean kind of
hello hello tiger I don't know son I
just saw my head my head dinos come on
guys off the meat again
day two just so much easier to walk so
much funny I think mine says she's gonna
get filthy but as I was trying to say
wrong with G Thompson same with that
with Marty's no matter how dirty again
within like five minutes on each other
absolutely
this place is a crabby crabby RV don't
they leader they'll eat it or senior
leaders there's a long time long time
time guys
let's do this let's do it like they do
on the Discovery Channel do it again now
cards on the table cards on the table
that's it does that mean something Oh H
Amy I was like oh mah omg omg said oMG
sad let's go put these over here you
will be going to the subscriber wash
work hey for the moment we'll put you
over there okay yeah we need some cooker
re very excited about this mmm-hmm
peppers put the hope of peppers love for
hitos
guys you don't know you're missing out
on careful careful
can't be comforted you can watch my face
touch my face
touch my face touch my face I'll break
your face face breaker
that's not something used to call me in
school hey before you wreck yourself and
is in her pajamas pajamas in Tesco this
is where you're gonna meet everyone
oh by the way I organize the meat of our
subscribers right here right now Oh oh
my there's like a unable I was like
what the hell is it robot what is it
double screen don't with the creams you
won't see these guys quiet Oreo double
stuff in a very small pack so
big pack always
for America that's it we go I may have
lost the ability to stop I need your
help with this you explain to me what
they are called square doughnuts
I've never seen that before
Square donuts spoons but how much nuts
earned them now for some doggy doggy
num-nums would you like a doggy nom nom
Oh little ass lunch
ooh I would have been scary
