you know I you know you're super tired
in the morning time it's when you go to
make the coffee okay then you go and you
wash the filter out and you put the
water in and turn it on you realize you
didn't put any coffee in it so
essentially you have actually just made
hot water nuts
I just basically heated up the water I
forgot to put the coffee in this thing
so much water it has been filtered for
perfection oh boy looks like we might be
in for another nice sunny sunny soothing
day I hope so yesterday was right we
really foggy in the morning and it
became really really nice but this
morning it's like the Sun is up clear
blue skies does that mean that it's
going to get a lot worse
I should hope not very much so because
that would not be a nice thing it would
not be a nice thing at all I think I
would like this little room for myself
to work in look at a TV in the wall
isn't that super awesome I think I will
take this room I'll take it and I'll
live in it this is actually my seventh
wonder that offices are actually quite
nice and we make cool rooms it is March
23rd ohyou retarded a you would have
thought it I hope you bought a daffodil
today what does that feel they do cancer
steve-o excuse people from town today
you must eat a daffodil trust me trust
me I wouldn't lie to you I would never
lead you badly or poorly in a bad
direction two days in a row run outside
can you believe this this is like
Mediterranean season you know look at
Amy's iced tea iced tea and someone had
that - you know it's Jonah has the same
lunch as yesterday it is be honest I
didn't I went with the chicken today
even though Mike
tomorrow thing as I explained yesterday
I did not make that mistake today
where's my tasty nominal maker he
num-num maker what are you two up to
look at them they're right the same size
now she needs a haircut I think mm-hmm
and nom-nom maker what is this what is
this food you have presented Remy with
chicken korma you know so chicken korma
you're more chicken tikka masala what do
you prefer chicken tikka masala or korma
Korematsu attack core - a corner like
sweet and sour is that what it is
commenter's you know the drill chicken
korma or well I need a lot of korma I
suppose you are in a coma or let me know
who wants to go for a walk ease would
you like to go for a walk ease but I
think it's time for our walkies walkies
yes
Oh walkies hello we're awning walkies
are you having fun on this walkies with
the dynamite someone left a comment I'm
there the minecraft video I did never
like stay go ahead dynomite
dynomite you crazy no it's like let me
did dudes
and then a swim you know I had like the
cloak that resulted in a priest I wasn't
like the most academically interested so
I got beat by my teachers need like take
you out of the class and you like beat
the crap anymore this is really scary no
one ever told Matt the belt never hurt
but we all pretended it hurt just
because if anyone ever let on that
didn't hurt speared when you might move
on to this has been awesome we have seen
left senior and I'll be off the lead the
entire wake up to our like turnaround
point up here because you can get much
better pace at walking and they're so
well-behaved you're gonna catch up scene
is probably gonna go and jump into Xena
now he's gonna look down
this Oh someone's come to play is it
come on let's go down
and straight in mm-hmm that is kind of
spooky look well the mist and all I know
somebody ends of the mist
whoa then you guys see the film the myth
remember to end that last time they're
sitting in the car
Stephen King yeah but when you guys
sitting in the car
at the end after the scenario that takes
place you just like you are drained you
are ready to go you're just like I am
done and then BOOM
you're like if you have not checked that
check out the mist but be warned it is
that it's really good though but it's
really really like it's you know it's a
Stephen King it's kind of gruesome but
at the same time it's I know it's
brilliant it's a brilliant film they
take they deprive you of hope and
everything you know absolutely wonderful
well written it's got the Jaffa stamp of
approval this could be us in a week or
two you guys we could all be here we
could all be here in Zombieland together
but for the moment it is just us - it's
just us - you are not here you are right
here but you will be here soon
blueberries have you seen the
blueberries do you know the way to the
blueberries I would like you have a
blueberry a blueberry blueberry
what's your song about blueberries I
think it's like
milk get the note let's get some
milk the milk
that's dictum research clutter here
clutter what is this what is this this
is ridiculous I would like to get the
management here please
do you know who I am I am Joe Faso Joe
Paso natural factor you know it's super
awesome thing happened today this
happened
oh goodness
okay is there important what is that
check it out guys that's about all the
copies that we can afford our own book
could you send me a copy of this dial
that please mmm you guys bought a copy
of the Starlight book these are the ones
that we got because I think we're going
home regard to job and for my nephew
were gonna meet up with the illustrator
that has tested a cruise it's the girl
that made all the actual oh she's pretty
she's hot maybe I should call her
sometime Carla made all the little girls
so I'm thirsty laughs sorry so we said
we're gonna give her a couple of copies
and well yeah we can't we can't afford
to buy our own book that's a sad state
of affairs but it's already cool to have
like just a pilot I don't know I just
keep playing with it wasn't like you
just came this morning was like yeah
with the big box whoo
I know they just look really cool you
know I'm gonna party Oh books maybe I
should make the angelfish - right let me
just turn this bright light off it is
that time of the day of the week of the
year where I must not be disturbed
oh no no no no no Joe fossils will not
be disturbed you know why guys because
the best cancel show on television is on
wouldn't you you know why as planning a
notch no way like your breath no way
this is too intense I must know more
tell me more
