yesterday I was all hey I'm not wearing
a jacket to work today because it's so
nice and warm and I was like I'm gonna
wear a t-shirt now saying oh maybe not
teach it I'll wear like a honey but I'm
not gonna wear a jacket this morning
slightly different as you can imagine
it's pretty foggy out there except
netizens are a scary movie a scary movie
mm-hmm
so back to the 20 layers of jackets oh
not the goals I thought that was it I
thought spring had sprung
yeah made a video call spring has sprung
do you remember that I get that like you
can't actually barely see anything like
you can see the car in front but that's
it
there's a cloud of mist upon us
mystifying everything
so sometimes we like to leave the studio
and go for a quick run Paul's just gonna
do a couple of laps good job good
stretching good stretching yeah so we
always come here every morning about
five o'clock you know and then go into
the studio to obviously you know and
then come back here for a quick lap you
know I'm gonna just do a quick poll vote
click a high jump no yeah video guys'll
be near Viren CIT have you ever actually
come in here because it is always empty
like every time I come here it's always
empty I'm always curious we could race
you race you erase your hand ready you
can beat a runner you can be like action
you could be the star of the show
no you're the photographer
I'm the videographer so we need someone
else give me a comment if you want to
come here and run around so I can fill a
meal from you and I'll take some photos
of you and Paul will take some photos
he'll it'll be amazing it'll be the best
day of your life ever totally that's how
you know it's almost summer time we're
actually sitting outside having lunch a
super amazing
I got dating at my age one would you
same way about two lunches please
did you have lunch outside today holy
Mack Jolie pony guys it is so summery
today you know what I mean like hush
just let lunch Nanna luncheon big lunch
outside today what it is so nice oh this
is gonna keep up you know this is gonna
be totally awesome
speaking of totally awesome then you
guys actually go and check out my
first-ever game but the funny thing
about it I find is that it's like a
radio show you know because you're being
stimulated by like the funny graphics
and stuff do you sing in front of you
but then I'm just like talking away like
and this I don't know I find him funny I
enjoy watching them and I hope that a
lot of people you know who might watch
the daily vlog might have never watched
my sort of a game play type thing you
know like you want to put up with some
Minecraft one where my little man was
just walking around you know it's not
like violent or anything like that it's
just like funny you know and I just kind
of like chat away as I'm sort of walking
around and you guys can just I don't
know watching now if you have any ideas
of any fun game if you watch gameplays
like give me an idea of a game that you
guys think that you would like to
participate with yeah and leave me a
comment oh the first multiplayer
experience thing I want to do is I want
to set up a lobby in call of duty black
ops a zombie lobby so I'm looking for 3
subscribers because there's there's four
people in the lobby obviously I'm going
to be one of them and three other people
in the lobby and the four of us are
gonna have ourselves off only now it is
not about who can survive the longest
it's about who can have the most fun so
I want three volunteers three volunteers
the PlayStation accounts that obviously
you've got admin to PSN on charge office
and we will have some fun in the zombie
thing we should do a vlog sometime like
that but we actually don't go inside for
the entire vlog you know I don't have to
look back in the footage I can never
tell come on come on guys
alright here's my promise you that there
will be a blogtv this week okay cuz I
know that we keep saying we'll do it and
then we going end up doing it and he
wins go buy well we are going to do it
we are committing to it come on drink
use again do not jump into the sea Milo
no he's in Limerick I run in the waters
gonna get you there when she gets too
busy here today it is like super busy
here today so far this year
what do you think super awesome what's
the other one to Tesco one see this one
I think is more expensive I was a
special offer mm-hmm but guys he came
with some I think I think we blog buying
that didn't we no no no I didn't but it
comes with this like sunburst thing it's
like a salmon steak but like some bursty
stuff on it soup so much sunlight
I don't know sunburst just seems more
like a proper thing no I would say right
I was so silly because I went to get
lunch and they didn't have a thing that
I always kind of get so I was like give
me a wrap then I was like okay I may
just shy away from the things that I'm
trying to avoid eating so I was like me
some chicken
and it was like hardly anything she was
no peppers and and so I was like some
Tomatoes you know and she's like oh what
else you want I was like I don't know
like her peach like that's an extra meat
and stuff I was like okay and and I saw
sunrise - was like awesome Jen tomatoes
she's like okay I was like in whatever
then at lunchtime when I was eating it I
realized that what I actually thought
was a wrap with chicken tomato and
spinach tomato
I had normal tomatoes and said tomatoes
in the same route so I picked at all
their energy matters and kept the sunday
ones why didn't that ridiculous she just
put me under so much pressure I like I
don't know okay the power just blew did
you guys see ya oh my God look at that
or you can actually see but like that I
think something out of like a film look
at the colors of the sky it's amazing
how cuz it's like it's like a gradient
it's like a perfect gradient I'm just
saying look how amazing the sky looks
look at the tree
ah but look I just think it looks really
cool it's like over this side oh my
goodness look how dark it is and then
that is so cool leave me a comment if
you appreciate that
oh it's new it just like the blue that I
use for the sequani Joe is oh my god
they store it the freakin Steelers look
Regina late humans aren't dead mm-hmm
so we realized you up for the riots that
were caught yesterday because we did not
blog while we were in Casco I can't I
can't even I can't even begin to explain
or or express how deeply saddened I was
for you
I need a to open it and spray it all
over the entire store mm-hmm sometimes I
wonder I think your little too
encouraged Birds that instant custard
birds are handsome to us you can make a
song out of pretty much anything as long
it's got fur dying inside coupon caca
oh yeah must be yeah coupon caca coupon
coupon colder cupcake mancation we're
just two cake lady yeah but I'll be in
seeing you and really appreciate it
they really appreciated them what no way
it's really late and now you expect it
to be like you're like bracing yourself
you before how long by two seconds
ya know see us really don't see a place
in place for longer than that one time
you know it's an okay
Tony your toys
you could go in the hole shop success
everything but now these in which fun
got a brother any of you guys you have
like babies right and have all these
toys at home you ever find yourself like
sitting there
playing with them yourself when we're
looking for Dylan's birthday
oh it's Dylan's birthday like next week
we're gonna have to go to Dublin X you
guys April 1st is my yeah my godson's
birthday he's too so we're gonna be in
Dublin
