good morning people of the Internet
today is Monday it is cold which is wet
I'm a liar
we go he'll see me but I'll see you
happy
but you can go around you can go around
the other way
then I good morning to you friends it's
really sunny today which is actually
quite a nice change but it's a granny
I'm so super tired I say goodbye to
another one a second back to a loved one
love you love you
someone tweeted me and they were like
yeah oh yeah macro and bagel and pesto
and I was like I'm over a micro basil
pesto now but I'm glad to see people are
experimenting I am on today Chile and
Chacon village Sina Albee
you're gonna get it oh please like that
one
would you like that mm-hmm that's
happened sometimes that's why you have
to stand underneath - that's what
happens sometimes that's why you always
have to stand underneath that cuz
sometimes little drip drops make your
way down let's get this little bit here
for this man I mean we live in a fair
society thank you sir
the likies okay quick a little quickie
no no boggle nobody's twisting fan the
pugilist hosting take the bevel chicken
and cheese it's not cheese mature
chicken
I'm because I'd seen much electrical
training I'm gonna eat it up I'm gonna
go astray I'm gone I'm screwed punch it
in don't know where this is even going
guys wanna see something crazy I swear
to goodness I have just seen the
best-looking girl in the entire world I
have ever seen in my life you look so
cool and sporty I was so right to pick
that one nuts
isn't life annoying when it gets in the
way guys I'm gonna have to start to
restructure these at justjust a little
teeny touch because on one day choose it
just something when they choose days
okay I'm in the studio money Tuesday
Wednesday
therefore what well her has her own
channel to take care of her has other
things to be doing so we could instead
of doing like the one cake thing right
or maybe a cookie Erwin take Inc what
I'm gonna have to make them a little bit
shorter just for just for know something
when did she say
because I'm Wednesday it's fine you
should ring at home it's
like because there's no bad time
allocated of course you do next morning
but this is this hopefully won't be
forever okay it'll just be kind of like
for the foreseeable schwarz future until
I get to a point where I can do nothing
else but doing the vlogging and you know
getting other channels up and running
and do all sorts of fun activity but you
know what
gosh darn it life gets in the way
sometimes so unfortunately we're not at
a position yet where you know I can be
like super cool you know the 30 minute
episodes every single day but you know
in order to do the 30 minute episodes
every single day I need to give my
entire day over to you because it does
take like you know three three four
hours every single day you know
preparing and doing all this stuff and
I'm not a boy I'm just saying you know
I'm a ser say it don't spray it okay
she's like swimming in the water chef
she I think that she will just jump in
look at this Oh in the water like no
one's business I'm gonna get to stick no
that's it that's it now I'd have a
little drink and I'll be on my way
you betcha sway oh my god let's see you
down in the water
she's so good mommy
we're gonna go over Tesco and we're
gonna see we can get a couple of days
worth of food it's gonna be crazy guys
it's gonna be insane
another thing that's insane and it's not
crazy at all but you know what there's
going to be a link right here somewhere
around here you need to go there and if
you can you need to donate some of your
hard-earned fundage because number two
paws guys right they are in debt what is
it
paws the more money you get the more it
comes off exactly now for 10 euros we'll
take it up this high for a hundred
heroes we'll check it out but on a
serious note this is serious note plays
so um we tweeted this morning cuz Jena
at the girl that runs paws and sent her
like a Facebook group thing and she was
saying that they were like 1400 euros
overdrawn for their back bill this month
which is like crazy and you know it's
really hard because they're like a
nonprofit isn't it I think they're
nonprofit okay yeah they're like a
nonprofit organization so they don't
make any money and it's very very hard
to get people to donate and I know at
the moment like the Japanese disaster
and those other disasters in the world
and you know you got to keep giving to
to you know keep the humans but if every
single one of you donates 10 euros to
paws which is like the least amount
because there's like it's like 10 20 100
if you can't donate a hundred then that
would be great but if you can't and like
if you just wanted to donate a really
small amount that's fine because of each
and every one of you donate ten euros
then how many subscribers do you come
back ten nine and a half thousand yeah
come on I'm not gonna help euros yeah
I'll be amazing okay scratch that guys
don't end heroes to me
ten euros which is nothing but it's like
10 euros credit like 10 euros with your
wife for 10 euros a Polish donation or
credit for your phone are just go credit
less for one one and help a paw yes
so if we all donating if we all donate
10 euros to pause then they'll have 90
thousand euros that's so cool
and it's pretty cool and if you don't
want to donate not that people are
meaner than that but you know you can
buy calendars you can buy a t-shirt like
the lovely Anna Saucony is modeling oh
yeah oh yeah all the time yo yo and you
know what if you get this I will blow my
nose in it and you can get it with fresh
sofas nice it is to kill any kind of
like a lifeguard for new Irish mm-hmm do
slow motion run now you're swimming okay
what what the hell are you doing
what kind of swimming is that like and
what's that called you know oh well then
just so you know I am a professional
instructor of the string okay and I can
tell you for a fact that was not breath
Road does that a pause man
you are knocked out
marl of the story if you can okay
we're not saying like everyone has to
write but if you can you know give
something for the little guys try and
hook them up like if you're doing it do
something you know I'm throwing it but
you know what you can do video from
Friday
it's about no hate
