I totally forgot put a card in the vlog
eby's home here just gone for a walk
with the guys and I was like no card
lucky but look we hadn't gone far so
let's just round back to the house where
they are now they're waiting for me
hey I'll be come on they should have
that like when I'm funny back to what I
was thinking wearing my big I know you
were a scarf like I was in my big jacket
and ours like strip it off stripping off
an orc
couple of times I have thought about
doing night you know gameplays and stuff
like that you know cuz I really enjoy
playing games and every time I'm playing
online or people like I'm always I'm not
saying I'm super funny but I think
you're being a humorous element to the
gameplay you know and them and then I
wanted to sort of you know bring the
subscribers on board like set up lobbies
and invite people in to play online and
stuff and then I was thinking like why
did I do that and then a couple of times
people have said to me you should
totally do that because I wouldn't be
like oh I got 50 million kills and I'm
so cool more like just like me just
being you know dopest just being Joe
Bosso would just messing you know
following people around and joking
around to people and just messing and
not all like shooting games kind of like
just sort of different fun games
sort of all retro games just more
imaginative funny narrative you know to
me just comment to stuff you know and
then I'll see my teen and so I've gone
ahead write the problem I have another
before it's because there's a lot of
problems if you are already a partner on
YouTube there's a lot of sort of laws
and rules and stuff that you have to
abide by you know and one of them it's
copyright right you cannot you know
claim against copyright or used someone
else's royalty images and em I buy a PVR
which is a capture device thingy and I
record gameplays I am technically using
somebody else's content output I am one
of my own spin around but I'm still
using someone else content so I have
written to the powers that be this uh
I would like to make the finding on
YouTube can I use your content you also
tell it to a photo so I'm gonna find out
in the next few days then when they get
back to me if it's a goer and if I'm
allowed so what I'm gonna do then is
that you see the Johnson Jolie channel
which they have to show a party self and
it's like every time I go to do
something for that it ends up in the
vlog because the vlog is just me just
like being an idiot you know my life
idiotic but you know and then the same
with like the I'll be channel because
anything I do with the Manning I'll put
that in their channel but then I'll put
on a daily blog because that's what it
is it's like the real life stuff so I
wanted to if if we get to go ahead if
I'm allowed to go ahead and use the
content to create sort of stuff like
that what I want to do is that I want to
make that channel very different to the
vlog because I don't want it to be the
same as the vlog gonna be completely
different so I was like what I might do
is I might do gameplays I might do
reviews on films and games and stuff
like that you know cuz I find that it's
nothing I'm like super opinionated but I
do I do really buy a lot of the games
and I watch a lot of shows and films and
TV and I find that I do have an opinion
on whether they're good or not and I
just feel like you know why don't I just
set up a platform you know where I can
review and play and you know just it's
something very different for what the
vlog is you know I know I can't be
talking crap because the good Ryback
inside a message APIs no cease and
desist set you PlayStation on fire
throw in the camera I don't think
they'll say that to me well let me a
little if you don't watch me right now
what are you doing breakups are you
trying to teen your ears cause you can't
cuz you've got some might even here's
Italy ears tell him to stop stop Bobby
Bobby no no the ear mite sees mm-hmm
die dead for that - mommy - mommy - is
ready 1 2 3 go in jerk we kept seeing
the sucks and mommy are in a rocking
chair welcome to level 2 oh you think
it's got now it's about to get intense
it's about to get intense at ease it's
because you're not doing it properly
come here we need to get them car seat
so that they're more like in something I
didn't care problem is she's kind of
swiveling all over the nice man he's
trying to get up here to me daddy
morning knew it that's the safer option
no I just want to sit here and now watch
the show
Oh God I tell Jonathan to give me one of
those fringe funsies what's this I see
before me what would you do for a well
what would you do
no way yeah no way we've only got the
yellow one undergo a yellow one for sale
give me kisses oh yeah over here
okay perform a second string I'll be
kisses
for the show
come on give me a kiss kisses oh me oh
good right now he's having a nibble and
the old rocking chair okay
she is a girl mm-hmm doesn't galinha
cameras on okay come on do some kind of
tricks just some kind of tricks
why you being so good he's not
complaining in Holland mr. cameras on
that out works what are you doing little
wouldn't you be the squash down here
they're three minutes that I know that
French fancy I'm saying it please dad I
need to come by okay you got on please
gonna have a French what do you think
guys should I give her a friend fancy
fancy fancy we do her French fancy but
we're running out of the other one for
sale Tony yellow ones shake hand shake
and shake em say Canada weekend
come on shake my hand come on shake my
hand shake shake and shake you see how
happy you kick him shake and shake and
go on Maui come on you know on chick
mommy's hands shake mom honey you can't
tell me what to do good boy good boy
chicken shake hands
Tina she can she has no clue thank you
shake my hand shake Oh over the bite
hand you got a mixed up is a story will
come in the storm of stupidity
