come on long now and it's taking forever
you can you can it's saucy the boys will
love it yeah I'll get a cold so then you
can make a video how to look good when
you have a cold do you need to make a
video today chop chop chop chop guys
today home front for the PlayStation
presa as out this is what I'm gonna do
right I'm gonna give this back call of
duty black ops double-oh-seven crap
Bourne Identity crap Terminator
Salvation mmm fair - I quite enjoyed
that get rid of that one gonna trade all
these bad boys and you're taking Tiffany
your Call of Duty don't worry don't
worry folks it's like I have this thing
here this is the call of duty black ops
from the prestige singie these are the
ones I'm keeping I like battlefields I'm
gonna keep it I like red dad mafia fire
quiet flashpoint I like those ones so
I'm gonna keep those ones but these guys
these guys are done for you guys you are
out of here you are out - here brothers
they are going to gain but I got as well
I got a game card I have no idea what it
does I got it when I got the new
PlayStation I bought the insurance thing
and the guys like you wanna wear a game
card thing and I was like okay so let's
play like a Tesco points thing I don't
know I don't know but we're gonna go
I've got I hit up the Popo and I gotta
get home front then I'm gonna spend the
entire day playing home front yeah this
could be the world's shortest blog or
maybe not if I'll give you my reviews
maybe I'll do a review without showing
eggs I can't show too much to it because
that's not what my channel does and then
you're like the graphical content which
is racist for somebody else now so it's
been about four years since Sam since I
said I was going to get homefront and
maybe I maybe I'll get her for my
PlayStation 7 it's just been released
how could it take you this long to get
ready
but like why do you even shower anyway
you don't excuse me we're finally on our
way
holy ha polios so Natalie just Sam sent
me a face and she said he will go by the
tunnel she did not say go by the tunnel
but she said oh my god you guys gonna
rappel and then I realized that's not
Ali who's making the invitations no you
didn't realize what
I can't remember it oh you're terrible
it's like it's Russian Russian Natalie
from Germany and then I was like in
rotation maker so we might get the
invitation say if they are there
obviously I'm sure there's probably
another trillion billion packages hey
today it's 100 million lot of day
what kind of made a hundred million
euros today alright that's why I'm still
feeling hurt from our Wednesday's poor
poor disappointment and I'm afraid that
the same girl that gave me the wrong
numbers for Wednesday may have given us
the wrong numbers for today also
although somebody left and I come what
was that fake I think my one five euros
boom yeah covering the Kostich who was
that was on Facebook Twitter for insane
Twitter someone on Twitter Twitter
tweeted Anna and she said hey I think
that Jonathan got three numbers and a
lot of thing it was like wow so I don't
even know you get two I thought you have
to get like six numbers something to
make some magic happen I didn't really
get something for like three and four
numbers so we're gonna check and see
that of course I forgot that and of
course to add to that I also forgot to
bring the yeah okay we're all right all
right port gear was like them a little
funny there I also forgot to win the
game
whereas everything you own so stinky
stinky in a good way
I've left me the games trade as well I
forgot everything uh yes I got your head
if it wasn't attached to your party haha
your teacher was that idea would you
forget your schoolbooks we were here
yesterday in his exact same spot yeah
this is only to pray we were just
praying around the city I did see the
chicken a sneeze takes so much out of
you it like drains your body isn't it oh
yeah that sparkly yeah see the sparkles
if you go macro you would
I can kind of see it we're at my clone
micro it is very nice that guy's perfect
on you
Oh named and shamed buddy boy named
ashamed oh come along now we've got to
get our invitations we've got to get got
to get our invitations I mean you guys
send us stuff that works that we're
expecting not that you're going to
respond to me before we got the Popo so
oh yeah you know get the watch thing
do what we're getting watches matching
what just we're getting what just
matching what just phosphorous watches
did you see the where did a professor I
miss first phosphorous watches he's
gonna put a phosphor as a watch on your
wrist it's gonna bring to the bone
oh yeah my science teacher did that
without the phosphorus in her sleeve
well if they are the watches we will
show you them but then up two watches
stay tuned to next week and then we'll
show you them but let's not bother
talking about it because that may not be
the watches there may be the invitations
in the vote Kim Kardashian my glasses
haha so we went to the Popo and it was
from Natalie Natali I know hey not Tao
not Tony I don't wanna hey Nestor not
Dalia Noir Oh Bubba so there we go we're
not looking no we're not lucky we're
gonna wait till we go home to give it a
proper full attention you know so you
can get our reaction as we open it up
and we're like
I'm tempted to lick one of them a nickel
people I want to get my home front
yo what time is it 10 to 100 they're
sold out it won't be zall that but also
at the game so I got soon White House
pick up the games because trading is
always the best option O's why would you
pay full price for a game and then
you've got piles of games that you never
use at home no siree Bob Sunday is what
I say what do you think no siree Bob
Monday right now need to get something
for our business up here you may have
you know mites in one ear you've been
cleaning it out but we read it we may
have ear mites so they're told you could
comb and if you get a little spray or
something mighty air drops killed in
termites see it sanitation softens wax
and for dogs and cats puppies over 12
weeks place in Dublin beside engine
Larry said louisa live and it's called
Molly's and they're like a pet boutique
and they've got like really really good
stuff no we're gonna wait it out and
we're gonna go there instead that looks
like it
it's kind of like a non pull harness
that's what it was
we're just looking for a harness that
would be the small okay no if it doesn't
fit you can just call back into a suit
you can change okay
there's quite a few different options
for a multi-use anyway this is what I'm
looking for I think the stack of food
like this because then you don't need to
buy more but in the last like a million
years they're cool wash that one looks
like supercomputers now it's like a cave
they're a bit too psychedelic dan and
Doc you mad yeah look at that I want to
get in there slick climb in so cozy okay
got them dental delicious and some
rewards
nope jigsaw I'm not getting my dog
jigsaw one bite a house picked up the
games oh yeah dropped off some treats
for the little lads and we are heading
over to game or gonna get to the whole
front I hope it's not one he's going to
be installing it's like no you don't
know straightaway I'm like I'm your
first I know windows open hey ya know I
penalty insane
do a blue one yeah that's about a
billion years old
it's about a trillion euros all right
they said mind should have to be a
comment on Facebook or Twitter
so what are you gonna see that song all
the way all the way in my how could you
know a guitar
it's Anna's a claim to fame the song
that she wrote amazing side came opener
and performed it was a performance this
is what we're after here you excited
gonna get the big thinking by if I don't
mind think so I don't think I need a
game instructions I don't think I need
the game guide page one what to do nice
the wire damp you fire
so I
you feel like you bought that we have to
take a punting or something you know put
the dogs
yeah
they're already kid see this an intercom
and pledge
Michael Urie what actually simple simple
it's chic
guys I didn't super good right those
four games that I traded with black ops
and James Bond or whatever like I got
like homefront for free yeah thing is
super awesome super awesome free game
for games that I don't play anymore I'm
trading trading us the way forward
all right excited and you pop my friend
oh no no no 10 oh she has a Wizzle
pizzle
she's was a pizzle little better luck
and see on Angie yeah to get this thing
out of the box
an empty day how could the passing will
be an update for this oh my goodness
that's why I decided to do it early
don't be big don't be big don't be a big
update please or I will disconnect the
internet and I will play you without the
update do you hear me
hundred and thirty hey Meg is that some
sort of a joke lunch time while waiting
on this stupid download most people like
you download put in Ireland the internet
is so crap that a download is like 45
minutes to an hour redonkulous chicken
rebel chilli red paste Oh Kofi Joe fan
oh and a boggle is what I made earlier
was a beautiful lady I made earlier hmm
I made out with earlier Oh mmm nice
fishy fishy we're gonna have a check
into the out and Z in this thing here
soon
let's rip this off this is a sneak peek
whoa oh my goodness look at the
invitations it's so cool how does it
work like where do you write the address
and all on it like when you receive this
in the post that's how you know you've
been invited to our wedding if you
receive one of these in a post it's like
can you open it up it's a secret message
on the inside so I can't show you guys
but Wow it's amazing hey kidding I'm
kidding I'm kidding
woah there was a beetle thing up there
okay we've just come into the room he's
down here can it fly
Jonathan what are you doing
could you have I don't want to kill it
I'm upside down
hey Bugsy these are our invitations
handmade by our friendly friends those
nice guys okay let's go that's private
part Kaman involves look at me shoes
Anna Jonathan I love the way I look the
font and they all the exact same how did
you make them all that's all seeing oh
my goodness that is so cool that's
allowing has he damaged them what do we
do we stick a person's name on or
something yeah we'll need to get someone
to print out there
okay just write their name on it we just
don't need thing we just put the name in
the envelope and then just send ahead
yeah exactly
you don't put a name on the invitation
oh this is my first wedding guys you
know Anna's probably married a couple of
times before this is the first time I've
been right it's so cool actually looks
like leathery looks a little pal games a
 old brunch all the cool kids
bought it today that's why I got it I've
already come tonight we know we went
into town yesterday I gave on shoo say I
think you going through the parade
yesterday we didn't yeah I was too
crowded Jonathan gave us chocolate
because he's cool I think we should eat
some chocolate what were you doing okay
so what kind of scared because then
there's a bumblebee in the country and
it's huge that is disgusting so we don't
know what to do not so super cool look
at this guy get the moon of thing it's
like someone left a little spotlight on
isn't it it's so cool
alright guys today they're going to fix
sir
dude the player no apparently we keep
pressing this button why not to break it
Jonathan this is no that's don't we use
this one
no that's the penny one you don't even a
blur let's get the deep deep breath the
DVD in there this is not this is
something weird and I watch this ok it's
not not gonna SH starting up starting up
folks
okay now source are you ready yet I'm
standing on the edge of my seat out of
the doorway how do we know that it takes
exit straight how do we know this
information right what are you guys
watching oh come along
oh no no video signal you say what's
that you're a vampire you're an alien
you seem that yeah is it good
I want tickets you affect her I want to
see that he's gonna write a girl's
magazines and you're the actual
piss money
yeah isn't kiss Irish I talk I don't
think it's magazine yeah I thought I am
I am for words like this bro I get no
nose for girls it's brilliant
there are loads of girls down one that
sounds like it now I don't wanna see
quite as so funny
okay I got it guys you can now watch
your soup with the pressing for them you
two guys are many jobs are you two girls
okay I'm gonna take away two coca-cola
so they've had too much coca-cola
- this is the generation supposed to
inspire
