this is hilarious okay we gave them
morning sheets because they went out and
made their peace and peace as always
right
Cena as always he'd married no problem
I hope the underhand is I don't know
getting close but look he's sitting
there with the treatment if you move
forward
see ya sterilize you could be doing like
watches - what are you doing what do you
do
what are you doing Ali but he's not
taking it you see and he's looking over
at Cena I was just trying to get a chase
or something where you love to do what
you can today in tiburtina
leaders there she doesn't get it she's
too little yes and take it yet and he
got oh he's more I think I'll be like
the chase you know such a trail crazy
you know zombie a zombie
yeah it's red it's red it's red into bed
you said you chilled Seeger was
addressing her who's a little chance I
think he likes it let me use my neck
forehead nom nom nom me right
oh this is gonna come on ourselves happy
st. Patrick's Day
so was asking me st. Patrick's Day like
you guys in our in celebrating
I should say like they do in America
kind of like I think it's bigger
celebration in America though isn't it I
think it is I don't think I don't think
it's because it's any big of a deal it's
just that I think Americans definitely
am you guys take it a little too far
okay it is praising the funny be parade
in quark and there we were played at
Dublin and you know everyone would be
like wearing green car we all we all we
all down down in our in our traditional
leprechaun uniforms we get our pot of
gold every Irish person has a pot of
gold and dresses like a leprechaun a
nice family state we go to our rainbow
where we were born because Irish people
were born under a rainbow with a pot of
gold with a bag full of Lucky Charms
that's bad guys that's the we just you
know we're all sworn into secrecy when
we're born
now we're not allowed to disclose now I
hope I don't get in trouble from the
Leprechaun community for disclosing this
information to you but I was born under
a rainbow with a pot of gold and Lucky
Charms
my name is let her leave me her heart
hello hey love you too
I love you too so much do you know that
hey do I must go though okay
you know mums around says and then this
new skinny little steps getting minims
what am I going to do with my hundred
million euros this week then I'm going
to win on Friday trying to decide what
to do with my winnings wonder how fast
it'll be in my bank account when it'll
be there the next day taking on my go
where else iPad cheese because I think
iPads are kind of cool they're like a
little kit they're like are you phones
but they're bigger iPhones they're like
computers I think I like an iPad 2 or
iPad 1 not that picky I'll take an iPad
one I don't mind so much but the iPad 2
everyone's got on your bed so I feel
like
um we have new car I'll just get this
car like I like this guy
fish nose sl500 Oh low to the ground
who paid oh yeah one for everyone in the
audience I think you know I think it
might even 100 million euros which is
like phenomenal antimony I think I gave
like 5 million
I mean contaminoid after you fired me
and probably this and Japan disaster
because it's like if you have that kind
of money like you're not gonna go to 100
million euros I'm plus the interest
you'd probably make 100 million you
would probably get back 5 million like
within a year or so so I would probably
give their 5 million because like that
disaster that their their suffering -
right it's even got worse you know with
the nuclear reactors could be a possible
meltdown radiation leakage and you know
what's amazing that those engineer guys
are sitting there working on that
reactor and everyone else is like
abandoned in the country and moving away
and those guys are sitting there right
at the reactor had like zero they call
it Kappa zero level zero whatever like
they're sitting right there they are
heroes they are like heroes the world
sitting right there on the reactor
working away trying to make sure that it
does not melt down
that's incredible incredible those men
are heroes like and I know I haven't
really talked a lot about this disaster
when I will talk about a lot of
disasters on the vlog it's not that I'm
trying to avoid the issue and I'm
definitely not capitalizing in each
there's a lot of people who have videos
but Burke a disaster Tokyo and dev Japan
and all that stuff but I don't want to
capitalize it and I don't want to avoid
it in in off-camera time you don't
constantly listening to the news I'm
reading about it I got I'm really
concerned I'm really nervous for the
people of Japan and I'm really concerned
about the human life that to take care
you know I'm empathetic to any human
life and it doesn't matter where in the
world we're all the same you know we're
all from the same little ball of grass
but I I just feel that the vlog you know
this show is it's very much like you
know somewhere you come and you watch it
and it's escapism you know it's it's not
too heavy you know I just like act the
fool and you know you watch our lives
together in the dogs and nothing too
heavy and it's just I want to make you
guys laugh but want you guys to watch
our videos and for that little time that
you watch the video that you have a good
time that's what's important to me and I
just feel it like we're all aware of all
the disasters and all the heartache and
all the trouble and turmoil in the world
so I don't need to redress everything
that we're all familiar with you know
just to talk about it you know I would
rather you guys can go watch that on the
news and watch that and all the other
you know channels that show that kind of
thing and over here and the saucony
Jolie's it's just a good time that's
just a good time we're here for a good
time you guys are hilarious I said as a
new studio because I was saying on
Twitter cuz everyone on Twitter was like
I quit and I was like here's the plan
the community get to vote 10 Facebook
yeses cuz you got loads on Twitter
really fast but I can Facebook message
because they recorded evidence yes means
that I can spend the night in Chaco
laughter have it and who is like a
moment later a film is like just from
wrong so I don't know like how many how
many we got here like quite a lot so
we've got no
fight the craving of black lives do it
so let's do it yes
Oh control that's not a yes that's a do
it
okay so Judy Thomson one no no no no no
no yes it's 2 2 4 D Murphy let's just
scroll up a bit here 3 4 Maria
four four blank 5 for Stephanie I have
an edge in food and sweets
oh it's like a doubler so we're five say
go for it I love chocolate so yes 6 or
you get suppose I'll come back for that
we'll come back we need that boat we
might call or even you know it's vote 6
Mary 7 Naomi's 8 Rebecca's 9 oh I would
be at 10 but Ellen cancel I said do it
instead of yeah so I'm at 9 I'm at 9
come on people give me permission to a
munchetty crunch that night red 9 all
the then I'm going to buy billion
Florida chocolate I'm going to melt it
down I'm going to pour it into the bath
I'm going to climb into the bath and I'm
just going to lie there and lavishly
with a straw yes since I've lied I
wouldn't swap no it's like all of the
chocolate lab and it didn't make myself
out of chocolate
then I eat myself dope this is tasty
boy you made it out what's mom making
for dinner what you're making
is it authentic is it all damn day how
I'll then they regard little Parmesan
grater
she's so cute put her down there grab
the parmesan shavings shave ishe worsen
Oh better hurry up it's almost time all
right I kind of her focus attribute
though with a what kind of a sauce did
you put on the salad olive oil and
vinegar salad with arrabiata pasta which
apparently is really spicy guys any
notice that I took my first bite pork on
our way to Tesco just getting the
kiddies
and catsup catsup and dog food they
looting a thug food wit catsup and then
just sort of like take the catsup off
the dog feed ourselves manually also
what time is it the lotto has been drawn
right this moment oh my goodness we
could be willing ten million euros right
now it could be happening right now we
get back to the house I'm going to check
the numbers and I am going to see okay
what has gone wrong here
partials gone wrong what you think
you're doing lad
what does it use to do their shooter I'm
a blogger bloggers have different rules
different rules in the world like hello
so yeah it should be winning ten million
euros right now the balls could be
dropping they could be our numbers right
well we could get ten million euros
worth of dog food because obviously just
won 10 million euros so let's just go
ahead and get the most expensive one
oh look it's the one that we actually
normally get we get a bus Quito and do
you have a basket on which kept
people's got the normal high end laptop
we're just a normal Heinz wine
are you in some sort of a trance
you are little trance there please get
the Heinz one my sister she was huge
sugar and salt one
I never hair down or organic one ooh
organic or reduce salt I don't know guys
organic oh geez salt which one will go
organic because I don't know everyone
always talks about organic don't report
on like or comment
hey I'm organic your organic together
we're organic that mushroom ketchup
what is mushroom ketchup
it's like the random place so cereal
tonic order then you come down to this
coffee maker chocolate
this is very hard look drivers oh it's
full phrase I never noticed this section
before it is like the whole like Chinese
section is it China Japan Japan Japanese
but it's not it's also like a rolling
mat and rice vinegar soba when Sesame
welcome on my myself
asabi is not the sauce they must have a
katsu Katzie
Katzie hey what's this thing it spicy
Indonesian crackers lemon amazing Gemma
treats they wouldn't eat treats they're
like a wholesome hearty meal yeah
wholesome hearty meal I might put it
down to a whole sea of heartbeat the
program therefore crap for fun alright
guys so finally it's updated okay now I
haven't I haven't looked at this at all
so let's go check to see if we got any
these numbers so I just go ahead and
we'll write the number down somewhere
it's the website we're looking at here
this is the one I have which is a lot of
normal a lot of thing so let's find a
pen write down the numbers okay can't
find a pen anywhere so we're gonna go to
this without the pen so let's see we're
2 we have a 2 there we have a 2 there
before we don't have any force but the
shame and 11 111
we have an 11 and 18 you see in 18 there
27 there's a 27:44 don't see a 44 there
and a 1919 11 1950
they're having these numbers about if I
bought the plastic we're not plus ting
which I was I tried to buy it but I
didn't know what I was doing so I did
not end up with it
maybe I'm Friday with me a hundred
million euros that'll be totally awesome
I'm nuts
I want to be nice guys that would be
nice I think I need to eat some
chocolate I told I'm in misery misery I
was supposed to happen let me just
double check that we got one number and
that line no numbers in that line no
numbers and a fried no numbers and a
crime no numbers she gave me crap lines
only one number in that line that is all
hey 385 1600 no one number in that but
can you take all of your numbers
together because I have all the numbers
here that I need to win but it does not
look like they're in the right order
for example that's 19 correct 44 correct
27 correct
if we have all the numbers but well she
just gave me different numbers see if
someone just tweeted me the wrong number
well that has upset me now I really
thought I was going to win well there's
always this one
there's always the EuroMillions that one
was the Irish one for 10 million so that
would would have got us a world tour but
would probably you know what I mean like
thinking like a world tour bus you know
where I win 200 million under euro LOTOS
just buy my own Island and invite you
all to live in it when you subscribe to
Sigourney jollies you move into my
Island Island I'm going to be an
Islander that's I'm gonna do now to
control myself
oh yeah best show on TV there's what's a
great universe probably not that's why
it got canceled why don't you people
watch it do not disturb as I consoled
myself would obviously no sweets why
aren't you that sparking
