you know that today's 26th anniversary
of the first domain name that was ever
registered yeah today the first domain
name 26 years ago in 1985 was ready to
search today it was like the symbolic
dotnet or something like that but yeah
26 years ago first to my name look at us
now look at us in 212 take a look at me
now
so did you with no chocolate oh okay so
I slept a lot well I slept like a
hibernating bear oh goodness
okay we're safe you survived everyone
just stopped quickly go luckily did you
get petrol but then I'm like well I got
petrol now or I got a picture later but
if I say I get petrol later means I
won't I'll get paid till tomorrow
morning because I don't stop on the way
home when I'm on the way home when I'm
on a mission to get home when Rufus is
arriving home Joe first is not stay oh
lordy Lord some people and some ponies
this is why it's best that either
probably does not drive because it is a
dangerous playground out here folks it
is people are willy-nilly it Mike I've
been driving for about 12 years or
something and I still get surprised by
some people's redic stupidity but you
know at least that after 12 years
experience I am usually aware of the
fact that people are pretty stupid when
it comes to driving so he learned you
know like you learn to be aware and you
learn to conserve react faster and
you're sort of watching the guy at it's
like all are getting him there now I
know he's gonna do something stupid you
know so but I on the other hand would be
not achieve be more naive because I
wouldn't use word naive but will be
unexperienced and I think an
unexperienced driver
it can be quite scary when you see
people doing some crazy stuff whereas an
experienced driver you just kind of like
yep that's what they do that's what they
do their indicators don't work mm-hmm
they are all the lanes it just they just
whistles Marshall I'll have this lane I
wait on that Lane now wait off of that
Lane hey wait I'll Drive it all rains
all the time and the exact same moment
by swiveling the car from left to right
afford you back
I want that I want that one and that one
and that one and all of them every
single one of them I want
handy
with this in their last put it in here
people
and that's essentially how unfunny week
goes
it's the way the cookie crumbles
it is a summery sunny day folks well
this house is the most spotless house
I've ever seen in all my years would you
look at this look at these shiny sinks
who's responsible for such good house
cleanliness tis you the house diet the
style house can we
oh yeah which one of you guys wants to
come to our house and clean up after us
you'll be paid with hogs but they are
not any hug oh it's so crap I know
do you want to get it back that's not
picking it up excuse me
and then finally I pick up the does like
show it into a thing
your point is to clean not too late spit
it back out I know it's stupid I'd love
to buy a vacuum cleaner I love I love a
really good vacuum cleaner but like it's
such a waste of money because we're
gonna move like after you get married so
it's like I don't know I feel like could
be such a waste of money
you guys want to send me your vacuum
cleaner to peel box let's see yeah
what's the shipping on that Jonathan you
guys got those who Series installed
there's vacuum cleaners and there's
dyson is that a room by a room or would
be amazing can you get Roomba snarling
don't get the next up can you get a room
by an artist the little rope control
things the dogs would love that and it
just it just kind of cleans the house
isn't it just like a little robot I
clean the house we must get one of them
you must be able to get them out before
I talk about that
thinking of like the Dyson Dyson are
vacuum cleaners I've always felt like
everyone said the Dyson's are good but
tonight zillion billion euros for the
Dyson and it's like 20 years for a
vacuum okay it's not but they're way
expensive and then the zoom buys resume
is good lease on commenter's if you have
a pet Zumba haha a room max are you that
room up and you mean or a comment let me
know if you can get a room back in
Ireland I would like a room by Jessie
who's this what's this what's the toy
what's the toy I've won once what's the
toy we're all after what's the toy show
me the toy is it the little doggy you
thinking it's a polar bear dog okay
we're going for walkies guys will go
walkies
okay where's their harnesses harness
time then what's harness the energy okay
this always happens we get too excited
for the walkies okay guys where have you
gone to get us Tina there you are come
on planning to put your harness on we
must harness the energy take you to the
Dolphins harness let me get you I'll be
there so stinky I Drive with the windows
open
no but I need to get the mat because
it's - yes yes okay okay we are going on
a walkies okay we are going on a walkies
look the moon's a OB come on come on go
boy oh you like a little rugby team team
love summer time summer summer
summertime sit back down and rhyme you
guys left the summer time summer time is
tasty four meters only winter time in
summer time autumn and spring are just
made up and completely pointless tighter
sunny are it's cold
that's the way I view it so nice but
like the Sun coming down it's so
peaceful that's a nice thing about it
when the Sun is kind of coming down
there's no one around always gonna be at
peace or something you guys like that
you like a bit of peace peace of Jesus
I'd love a piece of cheese do you guys
see that in our channel is like a show
now it's not like totally awesome you
should totally check it out if you look
up on top of the video and I was like a
blue thing that says the ciccone Jolie's
and then down and the more info thing
there's like a little side card picture
thing and if you click on it it goes
there now apparently you can subscribe
but I don't know what that does when you
should press it and leave me a comment
let me know like does it make you
subscribe twice can you subscribe to
their channel and the series I don't
really know I'm intrigued to find out
look up pretty even the trees are you
can look at the trees you know what I
think oh look there's me shadow vlogging
that's me Shadow Man it's just so pretty
you know especially when the Sun is just
like you guys gonna mine the house one
treats before whoa look at this guy's
huh into bed into bed in Tibet good girl
boy I'll be in Tibet in Tibet I'll be
goodness place looks so empty isn't it
nice because it's so early or something
but it just feels like really really
empty at some time right now hey it's
like empty
yeah I have never ever done the lotto
before in my life but in Ireland Euro
ladder this week right which is on
Friday is worth like a hundred million
euros and the Irish water which is on on
Wednesday is worth ten million so I've
gone and bought a euro million and a
lotto which is the irish lotto so we
could win 110 million euros this week
which would be totally awesome would you
like that yeah no no what would you do
right guys if we win 110 million euros
we will fly to each one of your houses
and individually meet you
we will come to each country that's what
we'll do if you're a worldwide global
meetup tour that's what we do so the
first draws on Wednesday second ones on
Friday what about this one hi Anna can I
be your friend woody I like this guy can
get this one I do want to lump don't you
want to love about this one
oh it's Curtin right here Kirsten
hangers steady are guys
no way is that lamp Arsenal ever thought
I was a lamp there'll be the best lamp
in history I don't know like 950 there
worded like it's a desktop I'd I'd like
yeah yeah it's right up the whole thing
sometime is
the one that doesn't work yeah
when it has never works and has dropped
a couple of times of course Tesco
finally finally I say it's so special
about those flakes that's the kind of
treat we're having these days hi can I
get some special flakes corn barn
special flakes with red berries special
flakes butter you got there
hot opal crumble yum yum is that your
dessert I think we should like maybe
like bananas a chocolate area and sort
of like lick the outside of the packages
maybe like block myself against some
cakes just to sort of feed and maybe
maybe some sort of a transparent essence
of chocolate oh it might happen you know
is but if if you rub chocolate against
yourself long enough can you get some
sort of a transparency of the chocolate
into your system without breaking you
know treats were we sorry I know I do
that a lot
I don't painting cheeto I don't mean to
keep it on keep it alive keep it moving
to the going to keep it happy you guys
seen the trailer for real this is the
little guy he's like when I was younger
I you see this thing called the fish mat
you when I just sat like the car it
always makes me think of the first poem
I ever had to learn which is called the
camel there camel the camel is a
humpback beast with four legs
I can't arrest it but yeah it's like
this like stage thing or performance
where you have to do like it was part of
my elocution lessons where I would learn
to speak correctly right so let's put
our little lot of these we'll put them
on the subscriber wall okay
so just stick them up on a subscriber
wall because if we win millions of
millions of euros I can't figure out
where to put them yeah we'll just stick
them there now if we win the millions
and millions of euros
this is 100 million euros on Friday but
it's 10 million euros on Wednesday will
be coming to a city near you on the back
encompass the Joker's Busters comment
and everybody's jumping Dublin to San
Francisco
I'm sure it's burgers nah I don't know
anyway let's got to the next amazing
challenge
shall we ok let's go check the emails Oh
quite a few emails this is the next
thing we wanted to show you this is a
channel page and look if you guys want
to catch up on any episodes Daryl here
they're all here I thought in both I
don't know Daryl here they're all here
did you do Daryl here and back up this
house now I have no idea what happens if
you press this because there's much for
me but I don't know if that's gonna be
magical do you want to know how to get
here I will show you how to get here
afro Stevie do it what's it Achara yeah
okay so the main page Ernie's right
right right right right right it's
taking this video yeah yeah yeah I'm
sure
up here you see the blueness and all sit
down here I love this bit if you click
on more thingies just got a little
thingy plus it's rated TV why because
there's a universal thingy I think but
yeah it's not like totally awesome I
love that right that's so super cool
I think it's totes cool I think it's so
super cool I wanna be waited forever
I think it's so super cool I think it's
so super cool I wanna be weeded forever
also study universe is on to night O's
what was on last night goes but I shall
watch it to nachos
can't wait cos to win a hundred and ten
million dollars hundred ten million
euros how much is one hundred and ten
million euros and dollars goodness me oh
yeah just loads European people any of
you guys from Europe playing the
euromillions down am Friday night um let
me know if you are gonna play your
million Friday night and we can all sit
there together we can be like calling
out the numbers that now
paid a lot of 100 time right the one
other time I was convinced I was going
to win the lotto
that always happens when you commit
actually buying a lottery ticket you
always think like no I never buy it
because I'm always afraid ha I don't
want to win it you know just I'm like
look tell you what / I take 100 million
now 100 million euros could be you take
your hundred million euros amazing crazy
ever my camera that's what I do what did
you make
looks yummy looks scrumptious
well yeah look we got an orchid orchid
orchid or card or code mmm what's in it
leaf spinach and ricotta open wide here
comes the airplane
now these are the bits that are pretty
hard guys because I'm sitting here
shooting some mounts on B's right and
they wanted there's always one a num nom
nom on me cuz they're like so treat for
a week I don't think so so they're all
like eating my leg right and I'm like
shooting them off and then I'm thinking
like I want some treats as well you know
what I'm stuck with guys I'm gonna show
you here on a second man let me just let
me show you what I've got this is what I
have sesame steaks
I do like sesame sticks normally I like
sesame stinks by like sesame street's
sesame sticks when they have followed in
in person burro i like sesame seeds but
when a mountain of chocolate oh it's
kind of hard to enjoy the sesame
street's
on their own now where are we
let's do this one let's find somebody to
play with who wants to play the son big
game who wants to play it doesn't make
him who wants to play those are my game
what sofas in the morning why is it one
off line I need I need more PlayStation
friends if you're on a Playstation tank
add me PSN check me out there Chavez
so what else would I be Vlad see you
need a partay anybody in a partay
anybody in a partay would you like to
have a partay Oh somebody's just caught
into a hello check one two check one two
