it was sunny a moment ago I was about to
say hey guys look at his lovely sunny
Sunday but it's sunny Sunday miss is
inherently dissipated no sunny Sundays
that looks sunny from outside from your
inside with the heating on and then you
go outside and it's not as sunny as you
thought it was it's misleading its
confusion its Confucius so what I am
what are you doing on your Sunday are
you right for a walk you're studying for
an exam
are you chilling on home with loads of
munchetty crunch ADIZ we're thinking
they're having like a major lunch today
because today is the last day before the
start of the week so how many of you
guys are actually at doing this with us
when this video goes up tomorrow it'll
be day one so leave me a comment if
you're actually hardcore enough to do
this it is seven days you complete the
whole week then on sunday so like this
day next week you can have because today
is gonna be obviously we're gonna have a
mega munch let me make a munch later on
today gonna watch some shows and then
we'll go and call Turkey when we wake up
tomorrow morning it's over it's over I
must try and find ways of having treats
and sweets that aren't actual treats and
sweets like we're taking like fruit
grapes yeah I love when it's sunny
around here morning is here boy yeah the
brother is actually would you believe
but no no boy and girl on the boat
monkeys yeah he's almost - and she's
only four months yesterday I put up a
Twitpic and a picture on my facebook and
I was like who wants to be on the vlog
at ease and those people are left
responses but we were like what yes but
it's over like how how this is how so I
said who wants to be on the blog duties
Ryan's on the blog it is Davis on the
blog it is Megan's on the blog it is
Lisa's on the bottom is James under one
is actually them debacle is somebody
else's hold on I need to pay this moot I
was like Bianca Tia dil de Lana is it
sorry about that
row rows out and not have gotten tricky
Jana and their Erica she's always in the
blog it is but there you go guys the
best thing to do guys who haven't
actually officially tweeting about I was
like how do you do an international
Meetup
why don't we all so next time you see a
tweet on the blog initially for
commenters I'm calling this the week
with added treat and then it's kind of
cool like what I said on spare Twitter
there and I was like who's gonna join us
those are today is like the last day of
the treat for like the treat wait a week
and I was like he's joining us you know
next week blocks right or just me
because this is Monday now is probably
going to be the most romantic week of
the blog Belize we're probably gonna be
like fighting every single day they
won't be like okay okay I can have this
okay
and we come time for like treat I would
probably like will spend most of the
time asleep right energy will just be
asleep all the time
and yeah I said I was just like fighting
loser
so tune in this week for dramatic
fighting Oh feet long probably reading I
don't know what we're gonna need can i
have sesame sticks i think i'm a lot of
sesame sticks right cuz I kind of like
them yeah I don't really a treat because
they're so unfun to eat so anything
that's unfun to eat is definitely not
considered a treat
it must be a way we'll have to try to
figure out alternatives to treats and
kind of give you the treat satisfaction
but don't actually give you the treat
you know it's gonna be crazy it's gonna
be crazy
what it was didn't we're playing here in
your home and a hobby our scene I
totally forgot about it this happened in
the car park wood scenic in out of her
harness you know and she's like no I
didn't think anything of it I know but
it's really scary we'll run this main
road a little bit now it's like is right
here what for that moment inside if that
actually happened
that's not a bad word calculate a CD
inhale let's go get some you ever
had what is it it's like keeps is it no
we were saying no
it's bread but then it's got like it's
baked with olive oil drizzled on top
oh when we go back and tell her okay and
then herbs and things like that but it's
really good
okay I got to yeah I don't know it
tastes like a pie pasta pizza pie
homemade hey go bite out of my one she
and him because I have not won him one
and two hmm this is a traditional
Italian thing look at my blog when
you're talking to me this is that the
farmer market patio I just want to show
you guys this is like the perfect Apple
look she has just had some fake well
pies kind of like big well pies and a
fake well ish why would you call them a
Swedish I don't even own a Swedish words
IKEA oh yeah when your Nikias a but we
had them so we're starting our crazy 18
as many cakes as possible today someone
if someone asked me like what are the
rules in any of the rules are you have
sugar
you got your there are not great foods
you can put sugar because you need to
have bits of sugar yes you can you can
no you can see no sugar whatsoever it's
no trees like you tell like chocolate or
Swedes or Chris or things that like well
you obviously you have that sugar like
you're cooking everything kind of wood
sugar
I'm sure already now oh no I talked
myself into that one with Naomi Seema is
that your older bed well yeah we gonna
go we have the home did you make seen
her before
yeah if she did when she was really
small thank you
I'll be no gangster Xena okay okay just
do small maybe just need to demo you
guys have fun now I know it's very busy
Thank You Athena scene is kind of afraid
so cute only misty Saudis misty hey hey
hey hey guys Chuck hey Xena I hope you
got good air Athena good girl
let's get out of here let's get on here
hmm home everyone I know everyone
everyone
and she's dropping the doggies to mine
the house because we are going to Tesco
let me get some test goes the last munch
of the week but I'm also going to try
and actually am get lunches for work but
no sweets now someone else we have the
rules and stuff I don't know it's like
well okay that where's MA the sugar it's
like you want sugar on fruit or
somewhere I think that's okay I think
that's allowed but no chocolate or
sweetie you know you kind of know you
know yourself like if you're going to
pick it up and you're thinking this is
like a sweetheart chocolate or something
you'll kind of know if that's like a
goer or know where you know it'll be so
funny to see VI cremate the week but we
are going to get a little bit of munch
say goodbye to the munchies gonna eat it
all tonight when there should I maybe I
should eat all the Nutella there's a jar
of Nutella left from Pancake Tuesday
that's in the press I'm thinking maybe I
should eat that jar of Nutella just so
it's gone just to make sure it doesn't
it's not like choose the arrow and I
predict like Monday won't be too bad you
know my new one with you back Tuesday
I'll be getting twitchy no I'll be like
for God's sake
Wednesday will probably be considering
not getting married and will probably be
considering breaking up because we'll be
like fighting with each other all day
long Thursday we may actually have
started to get physically abused each
other like actually punching each other
in frustration of no chocolate or sweets
Friday ah gods it's too hard to even
predict with Friday and Saturday and
then Sunday we're going to have a
monstrous punchy pie pie but this is
probably gonna be like I know this is
like in terms of simple like to give up
sweets for a week but like as a matter
of fact you probably eat a sweet type of
thing every single day and you don't
realize it's actually quite difficult
like this is gonna be a really really
hard thing to do like I'm actually
concerned but excited to see if we can
actually do it but at the same time I'm
kind of like concerned you know are you
concerned about what next week exactly
excited but concerned
you have to not forget that the leads
are right here see the problem is
whenever we buy we have to make sure
that we only buy enough and there's no
leftovers
you know something white like a big bag
of chocolate um we have to make sure
we've got to eat it all today which you
know let's be honest that's not really a
problem for someone like me 50 fish no
wait am I just playing
48 quid I don't mind cause you like
expensive look at this 113 look it's not
a mere Enosh Hey look at that one
like you can sing come along let's go
also I think we need to avoid Tesco as
much as possible during the week as well
so we try to get as much as we can today
and then try not to come back I don't
know if they do with me but I made up a
song or that birds like potato waffles
and every since then every time I go to
Waffle section there so they're put two
and two together okay because of my
breads uh potato waffle song waffles
have sold that everywhere this is kind
of upsetting I remember that little
office we have fish fingers in the other
hand so I need to make up a song about
fish fingers
I'm very upset formspring won't update
that's violent ASCO such a multitasker
guys neutral grains nutrients are not a
sweet or a treat right so I can have
meats grains yeah I think but I think
we're just gonna do not let Coby these
things
yeah hold on a second
cranberries and apple slices
juicy raisins red baize both events okay
that's what we're gonna go with after on
my coffee at lunchtime yeah and no it's
like Ferguson cuz like you know I did
trigger the most unfun version so we
decide we're gonna go all out today
downstairs oh I understood annoy of the
actual donut little canteen we see it
like every time we're here I've never
actually gone in so now we're gonna go
hardcore I'm gonna get ourselves some
freshly baked Donuts
I see cinnamon sugar if you like
cinnamon
that's very drippy toes
you guys haven't bought a new hot donuts
or anything from
in math once I get the 12th owner the
cinnamon sugar
I think icing she actually
good the box of donuts
really surprisingly I think what here is
understood
oh yeah yeah that's like pancakes yeah
why is that something you read doughnuts
who sing the bangable boy although it
may look like there's only one car in
front you sure you in front of that car
there are a plenty are plenty look at
this
this is not a fun time because they're
like six hours we're going up to sleep
and then it shall begin shall begin then
looking for week is proudly sponsored by
vegetables
