burn in the night sky a brightly shines
what is not the weekend to the words
running Saudi
the trees in the cou keep the stars in
the sky
while hit from this dream it stones and
it's death watch the water
I wonder who'll be in that dream
it's quietly echoing meow fatty hurry
aren't you the creepy old Beach in the
axe oh no oh no we forgot to turn the
alarm off good morning and welcome to
the video well we forgot to turn the
alarm off yeah did she know she's a
crawler no doggy's all gone crazy all
right let's get our uniforms on quickly
did she she started to walk that you run
into a handstand or a backflip
Randolph she can't say loads of things
yeah yeah you weren't able to do any of
these things in your her age Ciccone
Jolie kids don't crawl or walk till
they're quite late but they're really
good at vlogging alright uniform time
my children
okay let's go do you want a cold one or
a hot one oh the same is Amelia one a
penny two a penny hot cross buns hot
cross buns they don't want to put
anything on it I asked them multiple
times and they said no just plain
gladdie I reckon you mean yeah tell the
boys and girls at home how close are
they you dried out tell the boys he
grabs at home what do you think yeah
is that a smiley face yeah you're gonna
duck we need that looks like a dry
situation you are nuts Cody I had a five
when you rain it you don't like it
really
that's the best part Eduardo that's the
best part
that's the reasons what
no no meanie I mean you don't get to
have all four of them Oh away for some
time where Josie will watch the birds
fly running way too far
this life is short so you gotta make it
once we're off to get our tetanus
injections but look how cute Alessia
looks right now in her new car seat I'm
Vanessa he's so happy
where's he been Amelia with the baby yes
I took big girl now
got a big girl car seat
Wow Wow with an ISO fix Wow
she's so happy it's early did you see
her doing that yeah she can see
everything huh whoa nice yeah look she's
not looking
oh no she's more she just likes the seat
I think yeah comfy and she hasn't cried
thanks right now I'm like used to
getting you are prick it's all the time
so no all right don't get injected
recipe right
Oh God all right we are in a place
called Walton on the hill it's kind of a
hill here though hello Alessi yeah I
needed like thermal clothing on because
it was so cold and snowy and today I'm
like I don't even need a coat on I feel
like I need to put like a t-shirt on
what a crazy situation unless you don't
worry you're not going to get a job
today
just me and mommy are going to get a job
today it's brown yeah and you guys live
in Walton on the hill our travel clinic
you're lucky this time unless yeah it's
not you it's not your turn this time
he's getting her turkey here injections
but can you still have to get them done
sugar a snack time I got hers done
I've got mine done what used to get
injected all the time is that what you
want
so now we're looking at all of these
yeah no you had to get repellent and
since when I you know the jungle
did you TP was gonna stab you when he
did the thing cuz he put his arms really
far out music it's an injection I was
like yeah but wait because he just came
around he was like you're out and we are
looking at the office ladies guys
kids not enough room for people at home
well I'm gonna project I was telling you
guys think we'd started doing right it's
all going really well but I realized
can't do it all myself so I need to get
more people and there is yeah there is
no more space in the house for anybody
else literally we're fall
we're fall well Indies moving to the
downstairs toilet gotta pace with that
new office doesn't have a window so what
ya can get Wi-Fi in there and everything
it's got a window now this is a window
bonus bonus yeah yeah we should cross so
we're gonna look at it I think we're
looking at three places here today let's
go we're five or five minutes legs give
me a parking well yeah it's go and look
at the places
this is cool and then it's just scary
cuz it's like it's so expensive I know I
know I know I know this is a good thing
was just like wow like it's so expensive
this would be cool though wouldn't it
yeah that's a bit cool okay I feel like
I have not seen Alessia all day which I
always you have but cuz we went out this
afternoon I just felt like I haven't
seen her in a while and I miss her so
I'm gonna get her looks like she did
when she was a newborn you gonna wake up
I he was just getting something I was
just
hey unless he a bit her lip we think in
the car on the way home from the
pharmacy I don't even know how she did
that
but she did yeah thank you thank you
thank you
very kind of you you like your boat back
on I ordered her all new bows from
ladybug so they're gonna be coming soon
and I can't wait um cuz all of her bows
are like better like a newborn slice her
head is not the biggest though
yeah you're not be come on yes it's team
to not be okay
yeah let's see if you can go back to see
the position from there cuz now that's
always fun yeah you're gonna sit down
are you gonna sit you gonna spit up for
me yeah go on then go and then there's a
bunny on your bum there's a bunny your
bum city girl yeah pretty girl brush
brush brush your hair brush brush brush
your hair brush brush brush a okay she
was singing it she's like a big girl huh
hello their arms are broken really fat
and it wasn't fitting you decide the end
oh it's rolling as well I know I did it
knowing it just feels Oh does it
slightly sores
I thought it was the material on my
sleeve was just like got really tight
yeah that's why you're sitting there I
was like oh my god maybe I made you mad
like The Incredible Hulk may they said
side effects are like you got like the
flu and stuff like flu sentence I hope I
don't get that I'd rather just put like
it was like a tiny little needle I'm
like it feels like she's just like
someone just gave you a dead arm
the last three days yeah it feels like
bruised or something but a little
Pomeranian no it's cute
hey the officers are cool really love
the last one I think we looked at just
so expensive we just gotta figure out
yeah yeah yeah yeah it's the budget for
the year the capital investments woman
oh this is we're gonna invest this year
that was a lovely idea so I'm just gonna
throw that away and here's the real
number a my goodness I know this is the
right thing to do but so expensive and
then and then I'm gonna have to pay the
people they're gonna work there yeah
don't pay me no thanks the company pays
you anyway I pay myself yeah exactly
think we're gonna let you go anyway so
that's uh that's exciting stuff and they
were at the school just waiting to
collect Amelia I can happy family also
tomorrow we're gonna take you to go to
cinema to see a red swallow red sparrow
yeah let us know if it's good oh it
looks good there's no good I hope it's
good it's better bird or something yeah
yeah we're gonna get pizzas well can't
wait
I'll spend loads today I spent most of
the film in the toilet with extra cheese
I'll listen to it from the toilet sounds
great
lettuce barrel
