1,000 photos are off to welcome a new
artist starting a rugby summer camp
today very excited for him when I was a
kid I used to play rugby and it did me
wonders though it should use water
winners didn't it mr. man you excited to
play rugby yeah we're going to play for
you don't play for Ireland's go pay for
Leinster are you going to play for
Munster for your mother
Leinster for your father or Munster for
your mother or you can play pardons or
can you play for England we've been here
a while our new 20 better ah what you
know we're almost there mr. he has a he
has a he has a water bottle and he has
like a whole like I'll show you in a
minute like he has a whole like uniform
and everything is so cute KidCo here
this way that is to the projects for
going I do see the partner for going mr.
yeah thank you
oh my goodness and he's also in the
Dublin Leinster color you know he wasn't
a monster not jokes but oh yeah look
into the windows huh all right we made
it
while setting up white oh why some water
some water was to come on we're going to
be professional rugby players okay
you're going to you might be and you
might there might be a scrum okay to
know that daddy played the left wing the
study was really fast but that it wasn't
very big so he has to stay away from the
big guys but he ran really fast up the
wing you could be like Daddy or maybe
your big I don't know
how the day they went fatty 3 not blood
me miss Bea
godly change they stay the same
down back in the farming on and on you
to be under it we do well - major -
Garfunkel and she dies every laughs what
if your channel is retire biggest happy
to take me to do
damn
people come Oh
wardo did you enjoy your first day Robi
did you did you enjoy your first day
upbeat it's your coat that you're really
really good and I said it's because
these Irish we're really good at rogue
huh
alright yeah did you enjoy it
are you going to come back again did you
you know sit down I might be you're on
YouTube right now whatever to be he you
know that's actually the ends April July
was filmed right there at those things
all the bench is gone the bench shock
for the one would immediately had to
making done yeah why well then come on
quickly rather be following you run run
run faster he's gonna get you spoke with
G hello
look at his wider than delighted hello
my did you enjoy rugby what the demand
say you did very well he said no he said
you are a natural and ice and he said he
wants to play for Leinster not Munster
here's your motor and what is in a phone
okay
can you show you show Eduardo oh me he's
always on Santa look they're open you
see you're always asking about her how
it's only basking for oh me well I have
fun have a nice holiday hi so I am
packing for our travels next week
there's some outfits laid out on the bed
I don't really know what I'm doing to be
honest like I'm just kind of winging it
I kind of thing on Pinterest of like
basic two packs for like four days or
five days if you're going to a place for
five days it was actually the place that
I'm going to they used as an example
which is plenty that's why I found it
those googling stuff and actually it was
really good like the tips of the games
like it was all basic and but like for
traveling to save you packing like a
load because that's what I used to are
like how I've always done that is I've
packed like an outfit for everyday but
now I'm like realizing that with this
system you don't actually need to pack
like I'm still packing an effort for
everyday it's just because I'm bringing
so many basics you can like interchange
them which I kind of used to do but I
just feel like I wasn't as good at up
before and I really want to pack light
because I'm conscious of the fact that
I'm packing for Alessia as well so I
just can't afford to fit that much stuff
in because I'm not bringing two
suitcases that's just crazy and look
like a slob today this is my outfit of
the day I'm wearing a t-shirt which is
kind of oversized not really used to be
and then these shorts that resemble a
nappy yep and I'm st. time is all
patching on my leg which is great and
that's it
that's my outfit for today I'm not even
nervous I think I just don't know what
to expect like I've never done anything
like this before with one baby and one
child let alone and newborn baby is she
a newborn still I think she kind of is
hey just don't them to change you cuz
let me with that we can't be be
with a pretty baby pretty baby shower -
oh alright hey hi hey hi hi auntie
Frankie I can't be Viking yeah what is
that what is that what is that camera
hmm I think she's looking past like the
actual camera to the screen because she
sees herself you're hot
yeah it's warm in here we've got the fan
on but it's still warm so hi I'm our
mother I know everybody - hey honey you
had given the doctor lots of smiles
today he's about the sign of
intelligence and that you're very smart
and your head it's not very big but like
her head is in a bigger percentile than
the rest of the percentile or whatever
it's called than the rest of her big
company not a bad way like but it's just
interesting mm-hmm that's right mr.
Koerner make a girl you're really good
he gave him lots of smiles and your
hearty cries you can't be crying
yourself what are we going to pack for
you I think it's going to be hot where
we're going but then there's aircon I'm
probably driving away to it again pretty
obvious but yeah I don't know I think
I'm gonna just get bring layers that's
what like the Pinterest board was saying
I was looking at so yeah I think I'm
gonna pack like excuse me a lot of best
ah a lot of this and then a lot of baby
grows as well Sun Hat normal hat like
perhaps probably mozzies what else a
blankie with a baby carrier another
thing Oh
so annoying guys today we are filming a
very serious video feeling very
important to talk to you guys back okay
this is not a laughing matter
hi I'm a banana
oh my goodness so you guys I've been
talking about bringing the friendly
can't even take myself seriously look at
me oh my goodness anyway I'm trying
punana okay so I said this summer was
going to launch like the friendliest
friend channel back again and we are
coming back guys with in a big way okay
so please go check it out youtube.com
for Joe friendly as friends and we're
going to bring you the greatest videos
is there going to be great videos any
message don't look at that spoilers
accounting planned but yeah the kids
have a habit it's going to be crazy
it's gonna be crazy so make sure check
out video maybe up now
that's what filming did to behind the
scenes to you the video is probably live
on Freddie's friends right now go watch
it cuz you're a banana and I'm a banana
it's musical it's musical learners about
bananas everywhere likes mud okay okay
I'm a banana
the banana he's a banana let rocky
bananas together bananas to the banana
game hi hi guys hi do you want to make
the banana video yeah come that doesn't
get your costume you can't hear guys
come on
you keep your bananas like Daddy all
right is your banana costume young lady
Eduardo here's your banana costume what
yeah Oh
Joanne come I forgot about that
oh okay well hold on let me see my
little bananas
what oh my goodness that's the one that
he's wearing right now
Khmer guy comes down beside me I've been
on your children huh wideout
are we all bananas over Planet three
bananas come on so answer update hello
so it's past time and see an Android
we're upstairs to the back of my button
oh I have a next hour I did get started
with honking conversation yeah but this
you I would give
dumb to Wars in life
I will stay by your side you won't have
to say goodbye
we can cross the great
tonight tonight
you
