speckle Fastow time so fast Oh time what
are you doing for a reco fast dude I'm I
am making porridge I am making part I'm
making right for a break Oh Basco reco
fast oh but go faster faster what are
you doing for breakfast Oh give me some
attention I love you no you're supposed
to stay your song wet there this is a
bit of a hint of a wetness let's see if
we can see it in the car I can't see
anything
hmm guys to keep looking on my old
parking space and I keep looking out
going like where's the car gun but the
car is in there it's over and the other
newer parking space oh yeah look I can
see it now I don't get it though there's
no puddle
it's just what do you wanna wait I mean
you no way she likes dykes to dive into
the water and then she could have
dragged over there see it likes to put
her head first submerge her face when
drinking it's like our thing it's a
thing bang we're going to the Popo guys
default full box to bowl pole box go
into the Popo box let it check so I did
all the laundry and Nina's gonna try and
take all the credit for it cool it is
the bad thing is you know when you do a
really good fun and then I have to take
a shower so I have to take this off but
it's gonna wreck it off
no nice bun thanks for doing all the
laundry
you're a laundry Queen
this many charges right I'm just
rendering at the vlog but every single
time when I'm sitting here just computer
like rendering or editing or working or
whatever I'm doing right I will always
run up to me and like scratch I want to
do this
always love them this together he always
just goes to sleep while sitting on me
like I'd be working away here that's it
down here if we gets today's vlog but he
be always just come down here and just
like go sleep and and Cena will go over
there to her little bed oh my goodness
the Japanese population this is so sad
people who tries to such minimize damage
act fast me how are people reacting more
than doing on and we just we all good
this morning and I was even writing on
Twitter like why is everyone saying
something about Japan you know and I
just checked on Twitter and the news now
is just watching it there at Sky News
because that another people like
watching on CNN and stuff we don't have
that so I don't see different times on
now but got it it is like we were saying
just reflects up never filmed isn't it
it's like this massive like wave just
like it is not real you know it's like
just rushes across the country like an
ende it's like explosions in the city
and stuff like that's so sad like I hope
people are okay you know I don't know
many and you guys are from Japan that
watch our vlog but uh I hope you're okay
open families are okay that's a sad it's
horrible when there's this big natural
disaster like that you always remember
kind of when you were you know and then
some something in you just make you want
to watch it and look at it and look at
more videos look for more videos more
photographs and and then you see it and
then are upset you you feel so sad and
move but yet you can stop like you know
looking at and looking for more and
seeing more and it's uh it's really sad
like yeah I know a once I breeze mm-hmm
anybody in the bad guys you getting my
house in Tibet Sina novotna vet and
abetting the bed in a bed in Tibet
zina into bed guys look at the parking
place that we park last week Telesur
I need to open it Arjun you get that
editor no that's everything they are
great thanks
Jovan easily that's me
it is a car okay what your name are holy
tuberculosis Oh cute Island Jonathan I
hope these gifts brighten your day and
make you smile even if they are childish
one never goes up puppy picks puppy
picks I know that fun oh look at this oh
my god so cool does it work
where's that come from also wasn't slugs
that way I suppose it smells the slugs
fire it is so cute
okay this what this bike will we break
it off alright
this is so super cool does she make that
I think she makes them little pigs
little pictures to brighten up your day
Oh her like artwork etsy.com shop name
little pigs I've also sent a hanging
heart which I also make that's cool what
is it can't wait to put these off in our
house
Thank You Gemma you are a rock star oh
no hold on a second last week's one with
the card was a rock star sorry Gemma you
are not you are an artist star a
painting star a paint stirrer here a
pink stir haha cool
it's like we see a doctor about arena
that's so cute
super oh she said the wrong card yeah
she was in it oh she's in it hey is that
de that Wow
oh this is is this for your phone looks
like a marshmallow
that's a macaroon anything oh is it
yeah how come I want to eat it Oh
probably that's not eat it that's cool
oh I've heard of these did you supposed
to be really really good it's for like
you know when you're out in a restaurant
and you don't know where to put your
handbag really yeah because you don't
want to put it on the floor this is what
you do huh
good see if I can figure this out I am
very confused right now
yeah you put it on the table like this
is the table like that and then you hang
your purse there it is a magnet ice or
something um take this is actually yeah
important JSON yeah you follow that's
kind of cool and then you can put it in
you can take it with you what a simple
little invention in your handbag I'm
just gonna have my really key I wanted
these one of these for ages hmm thank
you that's from um yeah
oh thank Leah Leah you made one mistake
I do not own a purse ha ha ha
it's um that's a model mirror than
America only models can say oh when you
look in it you look like a melon cool
I'm cool
tell me about it time to talk with
George
it's got like lights all around it so
when you open it I think the lipgloss
idea
it's got LED light I live with an island
II I'm not sure but it's really really
cool and well that there's no one in
that car I don't think I think that
woman doesn't realize there's no one in
the car Nerra
but it's not a lane of traffic yeah
because look they don't realize cars
look there's no one in that car but
everyone here thinks it's a lane of
traffic and they've all stopped behind
it
that was kind of funny like it's like
gee no one in the car
it's just parked there
and a couple of people had said to me
about sending stuff to the old P o box
address although we have the new P o box
address we do have a forwarding address
set up so if you happen to send some ten
something to the old address or you only
know the old address go ahead and send
it's okay like we'll definitely get it
but if you look at like on all the
videos and all the channels now the new
address is there like it's the same
exact same company and so anything gets
distributed they just basically move it
to the newer address oh yeah I know look
it's pretty as well so how can you go to
a restaurant you don't want your back on
the floor yeah there's no free chairs
that's what you do that is magical oh
that's pretty anything you just take it
take your bag
wrap it around boom put it in your right
boom then you go shopping what's going
on here what gift did you get I want
that one area are we gonna put this one
this is my favorite one well if there's
a hole there and it wasn't
that's it ha oh yeah but if we leave it
there the paint might melt yeah you know
but look there's a little hole to pop it
up there
oh goodness okay what you do right okay
we're gonna we're gonna ship ship him
away all right
rollin rollin rollin I'm seen as afraid
now he doesn't care
that's something he's never been afraid
of no even yeah yeah he grew up lemon oh
she's a country bumpkin for eating
fireworks
all right Mike I got no problem with the
fireworks no problem with the fireworks
no problem with the fireworks right time
to beg elastically bagel eyes this
bubble joint town met the scary plan for
next week I can't come haha guys we are
doing something we're down to this next
week we are we are we are it's happening
it's happening no we can do it as a team
we're strong you won with that I know it
was your idea
hey shouldn't decided all right guys
what I wouldn't close the door I'm
scared
Oh all right so honest it to me
yesterday I think I was like why don't I
try a week with no sweets or stuff like
that you know what I was like okay let's
go ahead and do that let's say it to the
vlogedy so we got to keep it let's try
and do a week with no chocolate or
sweets now obviously I'm gonna have
sugar because you're gonna need sugar so
like I have sugar things but I've no
like candy sweets or you know like
sweeties feets where it crisps yeah I
don't even crisp lighter now all of well
and food
instead of having desserts and stove
without fruits okay know what we're
going to be like we're probably not like
it's probably the most dramatic week
because we were just fighting with each
other all the time and our crazy sugar
age of like I watch out but you guys
want to participate okay we're going to
start it on Monday for its coming Monday
and we're going to have it Monday
Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday
Saturday Sunday with no sweets no choco
tacos no crystal lattice no cookies no
nothing no not on all that self kaput
knock on this is not for Lent or
anything but maybe you know maybe maybe
we'll do it for Jesus because that would
make him feel better but like I think
it's gonna be were crazy I just I did so
what's it gonna be like though no like
sweets or anything you don't realize how
much you were buddies I don't even
realize how much you depend on it but
guys if you want to play the game all
right it's only one week it's all we're
committing to one week god it's gonna
play the game starting on Monday Nina
excited to play the game you're not
excited okay it's okay to wear support
wear support a support mechanism team
okay okay it's gonna be worth it guys
they're on a carryin on it too hey today
get treats no they're my ones you feckin
Becker
you're a pecker
that's my Michael but you do my macro
lady hey lady
hey lady what you doing with my macro oh
it's a straggler car just keep going see
what happens son get a boy boy LV we
should get them a ball or something we
always think the same
how you like that going someone on their
open Oh even last night we just just
look at something I'm the exact moment
not a good example oh this is the
drinkie skies I just put out a tweet nas
like I'll meet a fool down by the
drinkies this is what I meant here this
is a drinkies area it's a bit muddy it's
put money I'll tell you Oh No funny the
cameras pointing the other way though
come on Toby let's go need a hedgehog
along isn't he trying to get that for
this are we I want it put on it so much
anyone see cuz he can't have it
oh you can almost get it quite nearly
there oh goodness I don't see that
oh my gosh for me for you
where's my ones you don't eat those hey
when you get my laptop oh so for family
Friday this week we've decided to go all
out and I'm just going to bake a pizza
isn't that right we're just looking for
the recipe stairs is there stripper
combo ooh
stripper combo that sounds pretty good
I'll take a stripper combo oh my god
look we're matching there are three
which ones do matching see chilies which
is a chili I thought you wanna buy okay
one BBQ he convinced me shiver punch
punch a teenager I'm Kayla wedges garlic
pizza bread stripper combo whoo that's
what I went with potato wedges oh he
can't face
art you want a piece you want the same
as Jonathan ah
look he's at come here I come here what
are you gonna do it out is it cold out
there I could just came into my room and
stole my last ml teasers I've never in
my life give me give me
mm-hmm now you've lost the chair ha ha
ha we're playing some team deathmatch on
summit my job is to keep WikiLeaks alive
and I will use the m4 all right it's
knowing you're the bottom guy best of
luck to you I'm gonna try and keep you
alive I must keep her alive it looks
like I'm in a chopper gunner and Erica
is trying to hide from me
oh yeah yeah there that either on the
top
oh hey wise you I got you whoa so
where's we try to actually play um
together but for some reason we wouldn't
get in the same team victory
victory on against me like oh oh oh snap
teamwork high-five teamwork boom that's
how you do it I'll tell you roll em boys
smoosh more like some jungle I don't got
no thanks no no poor it is all for me
Shh I want to be a fat deal bum bum back
team my mum with my chocolate pot it's
broken
Shh cookie dough what is your favorite
what is your favorite ice cream from Ben
and Jerry's is yours cookie dough
actually no it's not
not too bad nothing honey
very naughty not hey fairy nuts today I
don't really like ice cream so much I
like the M you know like the 99s you get
like the ones the cones I like a cone an
ice-cream cone for you why not push down
like this kind of stuff go back once
again with the Erica Saucony all right
this is our team RI team member I will
keep you alive no matter what happens I
will keep you alive what did you do what
was your streak 5 5 that's awesome like
5 is really good alright let's go to
gallery class boom alright pick your
team NVA
go press this one that one there yeah
yeah run the same team go ahead go forth
everything is gonna be okay take a left
go down there every okay shoot them
shoot them shoot them shoot up down down
down I will I will revenge I will
revenge you okay do not shoot that guy
don't shoot that guy that guy is your
friend
that guy's keeping your life alright
come on you can do this right are you
watching that door are you watching that
door Eric is supposed to be watching the
door here I have concerns that she may
not be watching it look if you if you if
we get killed
there's what there's a there's a oh oh
it's very hard to shoot these guys while
holding a camera I will admit that all
right you just keep an eye on that thing
someone shoot him did you get him
uh-huh I need to light our hand Oh what
happened oh i revengeful
I am the Avenger what was that ladder
thing again let's go let's put the
little teeny down there we can do this
where are you okay I'm gonna come get
you
oh is that awesome hmm you're an awesome
fighter you're an awesome fighter
