morning our chairs a afternoon because
it is a quarter past three guys Neiman
start blogging on a quarter-past tree
today
because we were gonna go through Popo
box but we're gonna know that a pope uh
bus tomorrow I rang them up and you're
like sir we have got an elephant here
for you and I was like I don't even have
any peanuts so what am I gonna do it an
elephant so he's a cocoa box tomorrow
but um we did get a call there from Y
like all these other guys who've gone
and they've taken away the other car you
know the other car that we have within
our parking space at the moment that has
been removed
it is gun gone bye-bye now we have a new
parking space no longer have to park in
that sort of random sort of parking
space that I've been parking in Park
Park Park Park Park Park so now now I
feel we need to go to Tesco because I am
starving mode and there is no food here
for me
poor little Nina I was not feeling good
about ourselves today guys I want you to
leave a comment and say Anna's the most
beautiful girl in the world because porn
Alanna is not feeling good today and
guys I've had those days where I feel
fat and ugly and horrible I have you've
had them too so let's leave comments for
Anna to make you feel good about herself
did I make you feel better it would come
on now baby you're beautiful hmm
I love you let me brush your hair
let me just snip your hair let me just
rub my hand
hmm you are in also and I was a burner
finger this morning Josie oh right about
there Michael
with a hint of smelly smelly goo Beijing
Oh would you stop it
let's go to Tesco my love what guys the
spot is empty this pot is empty where
the car is always been gonna go move the
Alfa now over to that spot always run
when I hang with them and I'll just move
the car look so Beverly Hills that your
two little doggies Beverly Hills merry
host you
posy
hey I'm right now at ease now we've got
an official parking space no more
parking in the car place
I know does he get the whole park to
themselves it's a nice sweat when you
come here like kind of mid day and a
Thursday there's like no one else around
and so like they can just run around and
not be bothered by anyone drinkies
don't swim ease not swimming string keys
Ali ABI yeah Marty stickies like it's a
guy and a girl a male and a female duck
who are just footprints in the sand so
easy if you let them all off the lead
and somewhere that you know but it okay
so it turns out seniors walking herself
now yes that's good try picking off
Oh
teamwork
we found guys kind of frisbee throw that
frisbee you guys chase it thank you
Cena Cena Cena ready go fetch the toy go
fetch your toy by first-class high in
the sky I know that song is stuck in my
crown my crowns radio is on repeat
this is your first day you meet a girl
he's like hey hey yo ya know I'm an
investment banker I'm very successful Oh
wonderful
yes I don't know why I've been single
I'm so good and I'm I'm actually also
the king of Spain oh my god that's great
everything yes like no Jorah and peep
show and you guys let's peep show where
you might didn't want to get a job so we
pretended yeah just like crazy twitch he
was like everything was fine he was kind
of like going through the whole
interview thing and then everybody men
the other guy Americans trying to like
see you ran off to midday Tesco we go
off to midday Tesco the experience are
amid that just goes completely different
to the evening oh this is a Tesco looks
like guys give me a little rundown good
this way just in case you people aren't
from quark you know if curiosity grows
curiosity right here on the myself no no
no microphone check that's a man point
it's roundabout we're going up here you
go up this way drive yeah you come here
you gotta watch out for little ramps as
you can see Tesco entrances it's a hot
ladies like hot lady like around here
whatever this rap it's very annoying and
then Fulcher photoshops Chuck Oh boom we
do you guys come to here I cut down here
no one expects you to go this way and
then normally you find a spot right at
the door boom boom meat shower gel gel
for the jelly for the shower shower
jelly jelly shower gel do you use myself
use pretty much whatever I can find
whatever product gets sent for the style
diet I pretty much test this try it like
it love it
taste it swallow it digest it we came
because I was starving to death why oh
why are we here at the make up section
okay you can't do a test go down to the
makeup selection
Oh Chantal
Mademoiselle oh look at her she's pretty
what's her name well they all look
Emily's look Emily wat oh I need to get
in and out I'm so hungry
alright
give that new pens that one's round
which one is it I know you're a nut job
you kind of present fuck with me my gosh
sorry
so fishy me that could be you
effortless beauty - two-one-two
we have French fancies what is some
similar
hmm what is that you're actually managed
to get balanced and nutty House Blend
highest brand they will get this only
it's not an option infinite conundrum
guys I'm starving
total study to know but they have these
little cocktail sauce is okay it's only
ten it's only time versus what do you
guys say can I have them please leave me
a comment in fact only make up lundi
income I'm going to have I'm gonna get
them my life telling me I can have them
that was dramatic
tell me I can have them if I don't like
them or put them in the bin behind you
I'm gonna go any guys I'm going to get
what about the rocket red pesto
no what about the big old Italian one
board everything is mine Spicoli Anna
nowadays tomato chili
here's obviously okay
but the best 10 you got
well there is now oh it's a handy
charlie hello Charlie
they're tasty sausages in the world
bring it to my eye
who wants a bad bagel you guys know what
a bad bagel is Nina wants a bad day go
bad bagel it's when you get yourself a
bagel and you Serfaty slice it and
nutritious ito stood and you add the
toppings and then you get yourself a
loved one mm-hmm
here's a loved one that I made earlier
you take your loved one you get a couple
of TV shows you get yourself a laptop
you hop into bed and your watches the
guys have found my sausage box don't you
got there Xena
is that the essence of sausage inside
does that have the essence of sausage
I'll be on the other hand used to get
cocktail sausages and all sorts of
things
isn't that right Albie look at this
guy's look what we got here we bought
grapefruits I haven't had a grapefruit
in ages but we used to always eat
grapefruits in weight in university like
every morning like tradition was to get
a grapefruit first thing in the morning
so I was just in testing to notice that
they had two big fat ones and I haven't
had a fat one the latest furger member
we should have a actual knife there's an
actual grape foot cutting knife thing
we're gonna need that and I'm gonna make
a joke fossil big dollar all that's not
bagel cut it in half this is what you
end up with
mmm-hmm get your fun little knife a
bendy knife you think and you just sort
of cut all the way around the edges and
then cut in between both sides in there
in there in there in there and then a
name
I had a sprinkle of sugar and o-m-g let
me show you and this is what it looks
like you can see each little part is
basically got the sugar on it
which I use castor sugar finely ground
sugar and each individually you should
be able to just pop up a little kind of
scoop of grapefruit and that is baby
that is the head of that you make
yo faso and keep saying bagel Oh
grapefruit that is how you make a
grapefruit a tasty grapefruit
stupid look watch your face out there
though
shake your head did you like it oh now
I'm wiggling the boggling bugga bugga
bugga ray do you guys wanna when I make
a joke this bagel you get yourself some
pesto we are using a tomato and garlic
Italian herb which is bold sort of a
bold Italian herb we're just kind of
sort of paste it tasted like a face of a
pizza paste the paste Oh in all right
now for I am going to add some bay leaf
real raw chicken and then some rebel
chili
this is like I'm from the farmers market
the rebel chili one and most of all
these together and it is going to be
scrumdiddlyumptious
