who's a good boy waiting their order up
back off hostel or the doggies but
unfortunately I have to unfortunately
panco g'day is over guys are you did you
overdo it a bit making the couple for
you I know loads of panco go left go
it's a bun call them yes without plan
holders every day for the rest of our
lives
true so let's talk today that
PlayStation the PSN network is going
down for like I don't know 12 hours or
something right from like 8:00 p.m. or
something you know something Pacific I
said but I read a form that if you log
in like I have like so right if you log
in and leave it online right because
it's now half five on GMT server and I'm
logged in now what should happen is I
should get pushed on to another server
which should allow me to stay online
right so I don't know maybe I'm gonna
get kicked off but provided I stay
logged in during the entire maintenance
program I shouldn't actually get kicked
off so I'm kind of hoping that's gonna
work because let's go into a fashion
show tonight what Erika I was like
alright today it was like oh by the way
the PSN has gone down I was like what no
PlayStation oh no for puffle shuffle
puffle bare and I didn't want to be a
shuffle puffle bare
I wanted to play zombies and black ops
and all those kind of thing any bobbins
but um yeah so I'm not in hoping I'm
hoping this is gonna work I believe I
live a ghost a little about of a ghost
are available available available at
block making a bigger now
where's my little piggy here's my little
piggy
let's plop you happies two zeros two
zeros is the way forward that's today's
the first day of Lent Tino's and you
guys is lent a calculating I think it's
only for a Catholic Christian Catholics
whatever so if you are a Catholic Oh um
are you giving anything up Erland or I
never gave things up for Lent I always
like took something up like I tried to
do something for 30 days now I was
thinking this might be a crazy idea
right but I was thinking of making like
a vlog like a daily vlog every day for
turkey days what I know we're like video
in my life for like 30 days I don't know
I don't know it's a crazy idea I don't
know if I'd actually be able to do it
but it was just it's just an idea I had
Passos um what am I don't know this year
I did already given much thought like
you know I am
I've done so much over last year over
the last while and I kind of achieved
things and I've done things and I'm
steadfast and you know I'm on like em
I'm on like a five a five step plan at
the moment and I just sort of hit
planned to and I'm heading to hit plan
three very shortly and hopefully very
shortly and I'm so like that's what that
kind of vice that plan is like it's over
the course it makes my year or two you
know i before i started went back to
college i set up a big plan and was like
go and do this and you die and this and
then she's in slowly work well over the
course of like four years and then after
the four year I had actually hit my
target and then I set up a new plan and
I'm kind of at stage two of got plan
hoping to hit Stage three very shortly
and then when he hits a she had our
planets moving on to the next objective
which is Stage four so I'm kind of
thinking like we don't wanna do for the
next 30 days I want to continue to work
on my original plan which I am doing so
I don't want to know but are you guys
have you guys giving up sweets
giving up chocolate Oh people on em on
Twitter and Facebook were saying the
majority was like fast food a lot of
actually people had said fast food
across the Twitter and Facebook and I
was thinking I actually am in a
roundabout way have kind of given up
fast food because we haven't had that
spirit in so long way you know that
since then since my new am on the quest
of the Beachbody
I haven't had fast food really at all om
his nanos fast food I don't consider now
in this past year like into the fast
food like yeah you know like chips and
card and burgers and you know McDonald's
or like pizza and so that's kind of fast
food to me I like I like slow food right
you know I like I like my food prepared
and delivered fastly in a fast manner
but just not deep fried okay so I'll
have fast food just not deep fried food
right where are they I will bagel
slicing you're gonna be good
you going to get my nails huh okay to0
for you guys and it's going to a fashion
show and Erica in the Silver Springs I'm
gonna collect Erica and drop under them
to the show these little pups are gonna
stay here okay I'll be go boy good guys
good stuff guys okay
you mind the house now okay good boy
good girl how long is the room for
Kiki's let me see your hair into the
light no ooh would you do your hair it
looks different did you straighten it
look all like Couture now that's not how
fashion so hungry feed me can you feed
me
Bambino hi
problems today what are you giving up
for Lent Erica homework any disgusting
is it what is it yeah okay
it won't try to warn you it's time to go
Hennessey
no Nate's with a speech from Hope
Foundation what do you think of it so
far
good
John that's why it's finished serious
hi like my little parking spot right
outside the door yeah Tyrol it was good
was it thanks for asking you guys can't
see anything
yeah okay we've just dropped Erica off
and we're trying to decide because I am
starving I am starving mode right and I
was thinking like you know where can i
where is there a good vegetable patch
around here you know like I want I want
to get some vegetables you know that's
all I want vegetables salad like you
know Lenten started I don't want any of
this crap food so I had a rumor okay
there's this place I don't even know how
to pronounce it properly
mmm and Mac Mac don't I don't I don't
know I love maybe you guys recognize it
do you recognize that I can't even only
think you can see it's kind of blurry
yeah it's kind of bright anyway is it is
it different Donald MacDonald is it
sounds like it's from the highlands or
something
yeah well it must be must be like
healthy food from the highlands look
we'll go open we'll talk to the girl I'm
gonna see what kind of how many what
kind of vegetables she has available you
know
McDonald's McDonald to get my chicken on
a pizza
thank you what's up Valentin check it's
for you by the way
and now the healthy vegetables I heard
some vegetables
and salad
I bring I wouldn't get a veggie thing
though I can't believe my cars don't
have any vegetable no I'm so disgusted I
know this is kinda gross but I'm just
gonna cuz I love the Big Mac but I think
I might just take out the meat and eat
because I love the girls I got your
nuggets for the dogs that's why I got
x6x and chicken I know it isn't you
always have chicken nuggets you big hole
anyway I decided my Lanting cuz I'm
gonna have my thongs every day for 30 do
you think because I'm thinking I got the
joke forget the the Beachbody I'm going
for the seal body means well
