so it is like super Airy but we're
talking this is the earliest I think
that I probably ever I've ever gone in
because there you go in there you get to
go home sweet week I think times are
like push it and push it earlier not to
a tree knowledge but you're doing it
like six o'clock in the morning or
something where nearly enough got my
motor tax pretty old car zo guys I kind
of forgot about it but I think it's time
to do it because if I get in trouble
they will take the car from me no sir
yes sir give me that car and I'd be like
what's up
we need my car tax has been parted it
did it did that's it I'm done my
goodness I was in there I don't know how
long I was in there but the cue in there
is insane it's like a million billion
people and I got up to the lobby or at
the lobby the girl and I was like woah
cute here it's crazy you know can I do
in lunch you me just pin number thing so
next time I can do it online but um she
was like oh well today it's not too bad
today he's not too bad I was like oh my
goodness what's it like in a bad day
sort of an election going on in CIT and
you guys in CIT know and about the
election and who are you voting for I
was over there this morning getting
lunch I can see everyone I queued up
with the ballots and all that stuff so
it looks like a proper election thing I
know
no no no you okay
okay are you okay are you okay are you
okay oh don't be afraid I just wanted to
say hello
I just thought the cat sitting there but
he looked like he is asleep so I was
like is he okay he's just randomly
sleeping within the car apart but I
think he was okay he's domesticated but
it's gonna have to put on my animal
rescue hat once more like an animal
rescuer I'm not sure what's my lovely
making for tendons Nina got a new book
today where's the book it's not lose the
page guys but let's flip it over look
Jamie Oliver's 30-minute meals oh yeah
he makes 20-minute meals guys let's just
put this up over here this is where
Meghan looks like we're making chocolate
pockets or something are we making the
chocolaty one I just I'm a kidder so
we've got some tuna some black olives
which I hate and don't even have a
referendum in the market Italian chef
dally and I know who you guys behave
today for Mom huh you guys behaving have
to go to Tesco later guys
I'll have to leave you guys there a goat
cheese Oh
away got a chisel this is wrong one this
is the pig aisle
do you need any pig are you well how do
you folks libretto come this way I need
to get the gist
I wouldn't I wouldn't even think about
it I wouldn't even think about throwing
in the back of on his head today or
drink I don't like the new one because I
didn't like taste it I know what did you
say how did you know what it tastes like
she's a senior guys did she actually
stole my fruit juice whatever exactly
just put in two things
look what it said look give me pancakes
guys check this out I don't even know
you could buy mini pancakes look at them
is it Owen - the thing you wanted look
at him for like little tiny little
pancakes I think so cool knee pain
36 for 24 vegetarian they're so good
which is like totally crazy right I
found this thing it looks insane all
right guys it looks insane because it's
like a crazy biscuits but like it was
like two euros for like all of that and
I was like bow-chicka-wow-wow dots that
have me some cookies so that's my cookie
craving oh remainder into Nepal is it
Frenchie unplanted I having the
automatic car people on my phone's money
how can you can't drive like do you
expect Jonathan just for you ever if the
rest of your life
like how come you pick why do you not
want to drive you know that the first
service is pretty good
I realize having made a song in quite a
while I realize I've let you walk down
I'm here to say I'm sorry I'm here to
beg forgiveness I hope you understand
I love you promise to make more songs on
YouTube I promise to me
youjin and i really appreciate it one of
you subscribing to my channel you didn't
have to but you did but you did every
day when I read your comments see your
ratings and your fever is due I get
happy and I feel inside like I feel like
I love you
but you
cuz you're awesome I mean right now
without you I mean nowhere without you
you ever subscribe to my channel
subscribe
thank you
