we saw a little doggie over here in the
middle of the road looks kind of lost
hmm he looks like he's not Joey though
is he
hello no no no hello and I just call
them
bring dogs over see hey boy hey
oh I'm worried about he's just wandering
around oh no don't go up here come on
gotta keep my way from me
are you sure what to do they don't chase
him but definitely seems lost
there's nobody sure I'm supposed to do
her alright so coming on to this part
hopefully he goes back to Mara but I
kind of scared him of it because he's
going towards the road so I kinda you
know shoot him a little bit so he
wouldn't go into the road had a happy
ending guys we found the owner I was
like this elderly lady he was there
because I made him kind of run then Lane
she said that he would probably gone
back up looking for her a car
no but I'm glad that we actually kind of
forced them back here so happy ending
that's us Ciccone Jolie's Animal Rescue
we save Birds big bird small birds dogs
all sorts of things you're also thinking
hey we're gonna have a Westie as well at
our talk in the house I'm glad I
noticing cuz I noticed him walking on
his own I was thinking what you know you
know that he was just like standing even
look around a bit and all so worried
about sure no difference anymore
sometimes
she's got the sniffer on to go and she's
in wrong and also she weighs like
nothing yeah
someone needs a haircut though yeah
because when they're wet
so needs a haircut do you guys wanna go
drinkies drink juice drink ease now Xena
drinkies is not swimmies I didn't know
she's gonna stop
Xena is so much more of a handful than
Alvey he's so quiet and he's just like
cousins at work he's always been either
let's see there's like jumps over the
jumps over and there runs over there
runs on here what's this what's that
what's this
what's that what's it say oh this the
ever twisting of the leads
I'll be your boy is so cute I don't like
to walk into Sunday's as much because
it's always so crowded here I love it
turn the week when it's just kind of
like us pretty much and it's nice and
empty cuz that's people and there's less
traffic and bikes and we see them
cutting any faster at running and erase
them all right guys you ready
I'm hungry
I stubbed my toe guys underneath the
rocking chair do you want some bread on
your leaves
Mazel brats think I'm going to go and
have something different today
yep I think we're gonna have instead of
having pesto chicken and a bagel
I'll see you gonna having chicken Yuto
no fancy attack what's your plan I'm
gonna go and play some XP it's double xp
weekend still double xp weekend guys
yeah to keep movin because I set up my
new account javis that javis and save
using my old account Jonathan Joey blah
who uses their name as their avatar now
I've got a like Ryan couple of it I
don't want to get in my 30s or 40s
nothing too dramatic just just so I
don't have like the green little
starting off feline thing I want to have
a couple of a couple in a couple in you
know I'm saying I'm saying guys Tommy
Lee Tom what do you mean we might do a
bit of a Senshi honest you do in today's
video for tomorrow
No
it's the Sabbath the day the Sunday
today arrest not for some people though
so I'm playing online here with Irish
legend 97 I'm gonna give me a shout out
if he can actually keep us alive but
he's got a win gotta keep us alive
domination in Havana you're on the vibe
you're on the blog buddy dude don't let
us down
it's all live here you do we won almost
the after-action report thing give a
channel did it's not that wrong leave me
a comment under this blog right and then
I'll tell me open it'll go up the top
right that's the drop see Mina Mina Mina
Mina Mina are having a girl time myself
and LG are gonna have a boy time then
we're gonna go back to work back to work
on our XP Cena who's got a little jumper
on he's gonna hit your bride he's gonna
die he'll jump run he'll go see soon
you'll see Susan Anna's mom's friend is
over kind of Anne's and did you say
she's around yeah oh my god yeah one of
those not family and you know the app
and her daughter's mm-hmm but not
because she's her daughter because she's
actually my friend don't that's you get
out of here get your sweater dirty might
be on let them go ahead of us took way
longer than usual No
the exact a big time and I am just the
barber man to do it all right it's a
race to the car ready guys I'm totally
gonna win this okay
i'll be i'll be i'll be i'll be he's
gonna go around it alright see we can
get in yeah oh thank you
my mom says cuz my i'm just gonna call
her my aunt she's like my mom's best
friends she's my aunt
um he's there and she actually watches
these vlogs so yeah
anyways ah she hasn't seen Cena yet so
I'm gonna bring see now we're kind of
doing like what we did the last time if
you remember if you're a loyal
subscriber you will remember we
separated them time oh yeah I brought
see you not to my mom says it's just
easier like if you're on your own
with one dog rather than two that's
answer do you mean
but she's met Alden foreign like I'll be
probably actually wants to stay with his
dog facade was daddy's boy and Tina's a
mommy's girl Bobby needs to work on his
XP Bobby needs to go prestige CLV likes
spending time with choices sitting on my
lap and sleeping yeah hide she liked
spending time with me well she likes
people like she's a real people person I
like when they do that so good so long
trying it out sit back there you know
and actually like sleepers like the dog
yeah like I'll be will always you'd
always just stand there because you know
time this fall it's our fault it's not
like a fault you always not here but
matters too it's like no it's too
dangerous better nothing goes there but
look this is so good that they actually
sit back there together like you see
them yeah I would like to get them on
they're so cute
get them like a carp like car beds not a
special dog thing like just a normal
that's my my Oman has like a
like as he felt for Benji but he's like
big dog it's just not the same for the
small ones like I've never seen like a
small dog where I can see bones because
they're so small
unless one of you has a better idea I
know there's those legacy of tracking
maybe reviews.great is harness baby
that's what it's like but I haven't seen
one that small enough for aliens no but
yeah they're harnesses that they already
have their wariness and then it makes
lots into the sea
I haven't seen one
they're really small like you forget
have small they are and then you see
them against other dogs like a Westie
which is supposed to be a small dogs we
see them against Westie and they're like
tiny you're like
yeah are pretty small actually maybe put
them in here you're gonna go a mom Cena
even though we just explained how you
stay just gonna stay with me up yeah by
Cena
hyena have you all have fun I'll be
essay on with all my when she comes out
my mom we're coming home soon okay okay
it's okay Albie it's okay it's okay
oh boy I think I need a break I went
from I think I was like 22 or something
to 31 in just a little while that my
friends is long enough boom boom right
time to get some lunch
when I say lunch I mean sort of a dinner
snack thing now I know Anna's probably
going to get fat where she is so I just
give myself some ah birds a potato
waffle
I know people subset put it into toast
hair but our toaster does not take four
zeros and I want four zeros because I
like horsy oohs I don't know any one of
the two zeros does it feel like - zeros
is like a man you want to offals -
waffles waffles
yo so let me just hook that up
