so we're off to the vets this is seen as
little of vaccinations who to get and
she's got a few them done but I'm gonna
get the last of them done
oh yes unclear what's gonna I was going
for moral support
and maybe you check out this wall well
no we didn't book that in oh yeah but
like you might do it cuz it's too dumb
Johnson's in a bad mood we're late
 lady friend here and he said
beautify yourself
oh the fatties it's not like everything
seems okay to me I don't see what the
big deal is about oh I see no into the
veterinarian's this morning she I know
she did last night that's why she ran to
the vets
next time she'll next time she wants to
pee in the bed she'll think about it
don't you don't you and I'll be got a
pedicure and a manicure where are you
going Oh what are you doing - no look
really pretty today I know it's really
pretty today
come here puppy no weird way
now have fun buy me lots of presents
fending for myself I am now what will I
have for lunch I just can't quite decide
you know will I have a bagel with some
pesto and some chicken for $2.99 and I
bet a copper copper COFA yes yes that is
exactly what I'm going to have are
you've seen this stuff from our vets
listen to that we went to guys it's em
no it's not Waterside it's one in Cork
or something I don't know I don't know
it I've been told but babies make your
little toe cold so cold so cold I don't
know
that's nothing non-slip one and he got a
one-stop paying too much it's like eight
year eight yeah holy crap we've hit up
he's gonna break sixty years or
something ridiculous oh it's not a
ribbon forty yeah what I looks nice
though what's this here you know here's
the test right so just hold us look at
the car going
I'll get the lanes in that part no you
are fun you see and it's a double xp
weekend and there's a new Mac pack
released and I feel that I as part of a
larger community must participate in the
double xp weekend I'm sure some people
out there understand my predicament
why freeze are open oh and that is so
cool again yeah focus their foods that's
pretty the right size for the manner of
a I am so we get so cool like Coco Pops
I'd rather have a bowl of doggie food
pops right heading back upstairs capture
a couple of flags do my fine well number
just like came out of nowhere
I'm sort of a pastor what's the green
quickly bits those quickly green bits ok
brocoli I call me there's the meat it's
like a month old yellow a week of would
you eat that folks would you eat tara
misu that's like a week old would they
would you eat it would you eat it maybe
we should give up you a little bit and
see how he feels and then it would wait
an hour and then if he's okay well y'all
trying to get on mommy's chair for you
want some good talk parmigiano for the
hospital records when they ask us what
happened we'll just have some video
evidence this is what Ana ate mm-hmm
which is a week old mascarpone it is in
terms of mascarpone no I noticing that's
the point the Baker over here suggested
that it's too old
oh we will not do it all right do you
just block her
do you guys ever have these before right
I called syrup waffles or something no
but they have like a little bit of like
caramel or something in the inside I
just got a head and he turns up in the
microwave look what you did on it
because why did you do that
tell everyone now how'd that happen
trying to steal my goopy goop person mmm
what did you call it what there what's
the date okay you can also get honey
ones as well we just heard these are
like my new favorite addiction mmm isn't
that funny no freak was support what's
it for it's for the puppets isn't it no
but I know I just might take some of
that my puppet oh oh sitting at the
rested you gonna make something yeah she
looks like that to match it you know
who's never some that or you do wicked
witch or is the puppet do it through it
oh fast in there
was a bit odd looks like a swimming huh
what's what chickies is that just
everyone knows it's just the best the
best yeah leave me a comment if you
notice awesome netting because we don't
know how to sew netting seat up look I
can make your wedding dress oh my
goodness it's really like thanks Wow
magician just pulling things out here
I'm gonna take sewed already enough oh
my good side it's like a hat it's pretty
a bag or something it's not it was all
for free oh don't look good in there for
doing so I'm sitting there her just
check it in their hair you yeah slide
forward just slide it in yeah there you
go wow that's so good tada
this next time we see to their economic
and in first place miss miss miss cork
string they're gonna get married who's
getting married who's getting married
they don't put it on put it on girl
stick it in your dominant your head
Oh fancy give us a twirl
gives the twirl it's crazy I like the
red strippers a neutral neutral don't
eat it he loves this he's like this is
really nice
