hello I'm up I'm up
got a call there that young fire service
people are coming cuz we're at our fire
thing the fire thing the roof of the
building exploded and came off there a
few days ago and I don't stare so em
fire press or some company I got they're
coming out here this morning to fix my
two minutes you're just gonna come and
reset the jiggly jiggly jiggly jus so
you can see it over here right
see it's supposed to have a green light
right now it's got a little thingy light
so they're gonna come and they're gonna
fix that so hopefully there's a fire
we're gonna burn and die that won't be a
little bit inconvenient because I'd use
all the footage we get this is wrong
begin the litter box instead of this
what are you two up to
what are you two up to
a baker plus I would love a gue such as
the Beatles class I'm a ghost us
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh Eagle starts my go
over there everything is okay right
and I got the pesto
any chicken chicken pesto
now get this taken care of shall we
it is slightly CROs II so I'm gonna go
ahead guys head upstairs and get my
hoodie is that okay got my hoodie
I'm gonna get my arm some roses it is
CROs Assateague outside there it is so
cruisin did you know that did you learn
that it's so close he knew clearly hot
you always like really hot New York man
oh editing the video today's video I
listed this video about diet and fitness
holy crap holy and you guys check out
Anna's blog post this morning which is
like yesterday which is health and
fitness it was hilarious it was
hilarious achieve how low can you go
look how low how low can you go
let's head back down to the bagel rising
place Oh where's my shoe here and here
the toasters going off my head our toast
we're going off yeah nice I popped up
the tree guys cuz then I thought maybe
my honor might be on to something but at
level 3 you gotta try sometimes you
gotta just try different things go ahead
and try something new today what might
work out well maybe it'll burn your
toast I don't know I don't know I don't
know
as his editing program has crashed this
is hilarious
no don't even meet that should be like
you thing when you when you want to like
eat loads of speech you just press play
you don't eat it don't eat it is too bad
I don't know if I this fire crest man
he's like four hours late in experience
that's why we got a text message yes it
wasn't between ha fated one will be
there right then we got a cold this
morning what like half ten or so yeah
thanks he was like two minutes okay this
is when we were like in bed I had not
showered no makeup like yeah okay
great body Thanks I'm like jump out of
bed in today's shower like slap on some
makeup make a video edit the video and
he still hasn't come yet and I
understand with the vlog he's got that
whole editor I don't know what time is
it now one o'clock 1:13 and he's still
not here this is redonkulous oMG guys
like I put up the other one and got the
thing in here these instead here to
pause thing but look we're actually out
of the tum tak thingies when I open the
color T ones moving on to the quality
ones I got more stuff but the colored
ones buzzing look cool so I definitely
think it's time to invest in another
subscriber while bored thingy to put
over here to put it there yeah you look
really cool and I'm gonna start
spreading over there start spreading the
news I've got this whole area we've got
this whole area we've got this all right
we'll just move that life and get this
window troubled out throw this silly
thing in the bin
one of these days guys I'm going to get
this thing and I'm going to put
batteries in it I always think of it
every time I see it sitting up here cuz
welcome sister sucker for the modern
warfare and the black ops tank just so
plain knee up thing one of these days
I'm gonna put batteries in that tank
cuz it's just to take so many batteries
it's the only reason that what the
minute yet but uh yeah awesome Moses
what was that now Cena seems like the
lens
Cena has an appointment with this the
scary man tomorrow tomorrow morning
Tina's going to the doctors the doctors
the betters she doesn't like the glass
so much bertocchi I'll be there to look
after you just kind of cleaned it for
now
your voices are so similar guys similar
your simile it's the molarity
it's the Malayan millions the million
email is crazy
we're making fishy fingers were making
fishy fingers oh yeah looks like a my
finger in here no no what happened
whatever now be a broke Sorry Sorry
continue continue where sighs nice
fingers are like totally amazing
they're so cool they're like like little
rounded ones with like mushy fish in the
inside there's so much better than the
old ones which used to be like more
rectangular then any ones are like
circular like a sing cylinder like a
singular cylinder circular circular on a
cylinder just the way I like it just the
way I like it to be this glorious day
Victorian stuff buy one get one free
though it's yellow to the dance
oh look look half price you can get a
half price quantum amazing shine their
most advanced detergents and ever
I know or the Powerball is the Powerball
thing we buy yeah well go in freedom
really yeah no yeah buying it vegetable
we have never bought before
this is a fruit and they're called
bananas so that's slightly I can
climactic which ones
the fun toys ones are green
they're fun sighs they're organic you're
going Putman orgies now don't get the
reduced once Friday episode of our shows
always cooking
that time is quite fragrant
or planters
yeah but the plant when we look at 169
or a tree its 119 for a thing but it's
169 for 3 so many true I like the trees
you look good new window
so where's the vegetable where's this
vegetable that we never bought before
what is it
what the call a plant down in the egg
section but if we just buy a lot of
plants and egg them or what we heard if
you just buy a lot of eggs on plant some
fennel eggplant
found it was under a name while
encouraging
funny-looking things
but men
create them
they just like super expensive darling
we're heroes each that's like 12 euros
for three vegetables ma that's a big one
yeah
do you know how piracy
kind of like we have give me know if the
grindy one at home no yeah go and get
the one I need
it's quite a cheese fair you're making
time to know when you're making it for
doesn't like dairy
what's down there pizza makes bread soda
means looking for breadcrumbs
breadcrumbs in case we get in case we
get lost in the forest and we need to
find their way home we'll put
breadcrumbs how would that possibly work
breadcrumbs are tiny that makes no sense
what is that teaching children that if
you get lost you can put breadcrumbs
always like curry bread comes around
with you that's ridiculous
you should get like how you get an
iPhone with like Google Maps and then
GPS I would make one more sense wouldn't
it then breadcrumbs you know listen to
me are you
I've stumbled upon a mistake in our
history pencil and Gretel you gotta you
gotta modernize your story oh nice good
white slice it's full white size go Amy
are that the only one you have
I guess so
I made you need all right so what's next
desert island proteome for desert
okay so I'm gonna be on that I've never
made work and using eggplant or
aubergine whatever you want to call it I
think it's called eggplant in America
and then the UK they call it aubergine
but I've always known this as melanzana
and Italian that's that's the name for
it so I'm making my own Academy Gianna
just basically like a northern Italian
starter maybe but we're all having
dessert so we're flying but I've never
made a plant before it like ever so I
don't even know who I'm chopping up
property it smells like a garden that's
what it smells like right now but when I
got this from a Jamie Oliver the Jamie
Oliver website because he's just amazing
oops he's just amazing so don't worry
I'm not gonna need anyone not so oh and
look my pan is just 2 or 3 cloves 3
they're bugs I have no idea and I'm
actually lucky because I have an onion
chopper offer I probably should be
wearing an apron for this I love garlic
- I feel so professional with all my
herbs and spices I'm supposed to grill
the eggplant but I have to do it in
batches cuz like it won't all go
together because there's too much of it
because that's the rest of it right
there but I've never done this before so
I'm just gonna check pretty proud of
that myself
and then I talked about it because the
rest of it is done in the oven because
it's baked jelly love was sitting under
AC yeah the rest is done in the oven
because it speaks so I really like that
because it just makes things easier and
I think my family you're coming at about
what time is it now
it's half past six right now and I think
they're coming at half past seven so I
have plenty of time but yeah it's just
always difficult when you haven't done
something before you know but hopefully
you'll turn out okay that's it ready to
go and I'm gonna have to bake this for
30 minutes so you stay there
I'm going to have to set my timer for 30
minutes we're not too late
I'm like 12 minutes kind of overtime and
I'd you can probably tell I made a bit
of a mistake see those ones didn't make
it yeah they're not gonna make it into
the dish but yeah it's okay I had plenty
anyway so I think I did pretty well and
then we have ice cream for dessert which
is your malicious and crazy doggies
scrumdiddlyumptious what is it again
eggplant with cheese mmm what did I
plant even taste like I've never eaten
eggplant in my life before strange
it's a strange it's a strange new wonder
excited and free it all at the same time
same what's on your hat is the your
boyfriend's name what's his name it's
Brit to me I won't tell anyone
scrumdiddlyumptious well done well done
I was very impressed with myself I'm
saying well them to me for eating it
obviously how fast you know this thing
ready hold on tight folks just makes it
have to wait here we go here we go we
got we got a flow going on I think I
think I need to get I know what to do
I don't see how I needs it there you go
double put it
all right we're gonna stand up now help
whoa whoa
total dizziness oh man nobody like
ketchup there we go why was smudge in my
road
I don't think smokers ever in my room
that's right if you don't get what I
just copped it's like I stole this chair
from Anna's mom's ass when we first
moved here and then you guys remember
that was on the blog that is leave me a
comment or if you remember do you
remember do you obviously remember check
my twitter pic what twit pic did you
just twit pic like when you profile
picture
am i super cool summertime about what
we're waiting here nothing yet hooded
man what's the whole love is the most
unattractive picture let's retweet it
lets retweeted tweet see y'all boom I
just retweeted that yo what's the third
one
I think Oh Erica Oh Erica what have you
done you doubled with your double
tweeted your girl everyone's gonna
unsubscribe me now that works I was
there thinking like what are you talking
about huh what was it like I was like
this let me see if I can recreate this
tilt Donna oh comment don't take the
chocolate Oh
don't take the chocolate oh you may have
one piece you can have half one that is
up do you think that you can just come
in here oh boy thank you for being so
generous with your chocolate Oh
nothing better than playing zombies
nothing in the Canada's okay it's may or
may not this may or may not work all
right
24 24 is nothing to be ashamed of are we
holding or running what are you gonna do
they're already here
goodbye baby everyone you can you can
just go on up
I'll be coxey's were you scared of the
vial breaks it didn't though don't be so
jealous
do you know how many comments we got
about the navy blue guys in the shop but
obviously we went for the walk and I'm
wearing the navy blue jacket
Jeremy have you got the whole time right
of course you could see it anything
whatever think I was like oh fail we
figured it wasn't really it wasn't
really that cryptic okay like to tell
your subscribers how you're feeling
right now I'll be
