guys you know the scariest thing about
getting your hair cut is what if she
doesn't wrong there's a guy and a girl
there I hope I get the girl because the
guy looks like he's the Clippers and I
don't like when you use the Clippers
when they cut my hair I like we need
some scissors I don't know just a better
experience just always that I feel that
like when you use the Clippers the
haircut isn't as good that's when they
actually cut it you know thinning
scissors not like kind of stuff that now
is just a nicer haircut guess sunny
yesterday let that blue sky sunny times
do not touch instructions don't touch
the proof I will have to change my
channel name touch the top man dude
those scissors we came to an
understanding so no he's nothing to
shower when you come back from getting
your hair cut I don't know it's just
like it's like the process you know got
my heard and got my cheater snatched
right I've been a Billabong go bagel
I've been in the bottom a go I'm almost
perfect almost perfect I am like so much
slimmer I've got a nice hairdo I look
good I feel good the only thing I'm
thinking of doing guys
is remember I said it's a while ago um
about I've been kind of like I've been
kind of Hamelin horse for years about
getting this done but I don't know why I
got it done by just I don't know I
sabotaging myself or something but
because I have that broken tooth right
here your corn draw attention to it but
I feel like I hate it I hate it right
but it's always been I've never really
had the money on cause being in
university and
like I left you finish University and
blah blah blah you know they're working
in a corner we can probably afford to
actually get like not like get a full
set great a full set of teeth come put
like I just think they need to just like
bleach it or a laser white it or
something I like like I don't need to
like laser white in my entire map I'm
probably I'm sure I'll get a couple of
comments about how I need to lay the
white in my entire face and I'm just
great and I've yellow disgusting teeth
but I don't particularly mind is that on
my my teeth they're not that bad they're
a bit crooked II a little bit but if you
bit of character but the one great one
because that was when I broke it when I
was a kid and they went to fix it in the
obviously messed it up and it's too big
now and then it just discolored because
of diet or something that so I think as
far as I know it can probably like shave
it down and then just diet or diet I
don't know bleach it so it's the same as
the others and I'd be just so much
better because like every day I make
these videos you know and I'm always
watching the back sometimes like I don't
even notice it but sometimes like Oh
right now I'm probably inviting a lot of
hatred participation but I don't hate on
me guys okay I'm being honest I'm
letting you know my flaws who letting
you know my insecurities but if you guys
thinking it's a good idea I'm kind of
afraid you're back dinner I don't know
if you guys ever what seems been
lasering and bleaching because someone
are like oh we use a laser and it's like
this amount of money and then someone's
like oh we wouldn't use the laser we
don't use gels it's like why and then
someone like you got a take home right
yeah gonna kill me thing and put in your
Malek
I'm not gonna that I won't do that oh I
won't I know I won't so I want something
I do just like do it like a one-time
thing
what I've once a year so I'm gonna be
painted just like you know fix it up and
that's it done not something I have to
take care of every night I'm not God I
don't do routines like very much well II
but am i don't know something I was
talking about a while ago you know and
we're thinking doing for my birthday but
then it's just a costume what you know
and where do I go I forget it you know
don't worry about it you know now it's
like I don't know what I do it should I
do it could I do it you them get into
that toaster write the sentence and stop
your yakking excuse me a coffee machine
I like to for the bagels and they're
like sit on three
pine trees is too much I like to Z two
Z's this might seem crazy but I'm
thinking of going out in a t-shirt what
I know it's like it's so sunny and I'm
thinking what plus I think you know our
other car which we still have which I've
got to get rid of it cuz I found a guy
who has a total thing on here you can
like dismantle them or recycle them or
something I don't want to call some
government scheme or something where
they're just like chop up your car put
it in their pocket and take it away but
I think my sunnies are in that car so
I'm gonna actually see if I can get them
I don't like them so much because
they're mirrored you know I prefer just
like the black ones but I do like them
because they're like The Aviator types
you know I just think
I have a good structure in my face to a
support the Aviator look you know
kiddies they're in cahoots right Cena
can't get up here right but I put a
wrapper here the casino was eating it so
I put it there and you couldn't get it
out jumps up here grabs the wrapper
drops it down Cena takes it and runs out
the door but RIT too much and as much as
I should probably give out to them I
feel like it's so key that they work
together like that I love that they're
friends like that but it's like that's
really both but like how could I be
angry with you you're such a good boy
should you clean oh boy oh boy oh he's a
good boy oh oh you're so used to the
blogger these aren't you I am mad
it's been my whole life I mean blogged
to be honest now it is okay that's
t-shirts and all walking around like
it's the middle of summer
oh yeah windows down suddenly it's open
no way man we're all summer summer
summer summertime
boring news wait for the summertime song
brings me back into living in doggy last
year remember when we just first started
at number enough second day we bought
like the engagement ring it on
we're like playing at a motorway oh yeah
it's summertime guys come on anniversary
you guys remember last year I was all
like trying to buy one of them kayak
things you guys remember if you've been
like in the vlogs I was like way back in
the start we're still in thought you
were sitting far we're doing like Donkey
Harbor Larry Harbor so that was yeah we
were sitting on the rocks and I was like
near the 40 foot now I was like oh my
god there's those people like kayaking I
was like I really want to kayak
he loves to do that like when I was
about 18 I was part of the Dublin surf
rescue championships we went to
Waterford who represented it's like
lifeguards but you have like kayaks so
you'd like you'd sit on the beach you
know
and your little a life-saving Hut thing
and then they will drop like mannequins
out in the ocean and then like and then
you'd race and you have to pick up your
kayak run after the sea troll your car I
can get into it all the way I'll pull
the mannequin up like resource or two
whatever needs to be done
stick minor thing race back in bring him
back up to the hut and it was a race
like there's lots other different
activities but that's where that's what
I did that's what Joe firs did I became
second not here but second is first
class place right I know what show we
were watching well you're like we came
second him I was like second second is
first last I don't know what that was
stuck in the traffic
oh no we're getting a break in the
lights uh-oh go go go go go go go go go
there's the gate cinema guys just in
case you never seem to get in huh oh no
we got by the lights that was a bit
scary I thought oh I'm gonna get caught
in the middle of the road I haven't
happened to your cart like in like the
yellow box area and you're like oh no do
not make eye contact with all the angry
all right here we go here we go here we
go ah smart traffic that's why you
always got it when you go into the Popo
you always got to go to the Popo early
otherwise you get trapped like this
trapped in a box with a cockney nut job
have a cup of tea have a cup of tea on
the capture
paster love those guys
Tamaki boo nobody boos I like like
season 1 when they worked in the zoo
right season 2 when they had the
apartment not yeah it had some really
good bits but I never watched season 3 I
don't know why I just I never really got
into season 3 I really liked it when
you're in the zoo I thought they're
really funny in the zoo and the second
one I don't know just maturity at the
Arctic tundra I love that song and a
rate hike all the stuff default attached
you didn't mean about today to do she's
too cool to bouche kind of better
parking space today we the boat come in
and see that you know okay
checking out o m zg guys check this out
that is the coolest thing in the world
years ago d Jolie's that is the coolest
thing in the world ever isn't it
it contains awesome scenes of
co-starring geophys as John and as Nina
scene and parties there's so cool
who is that who's an anode on who you
are a rock star
and it's the best burger thing I've ever
seen in my life
how did she do that moon pig that is his
amazing action-packed adrenaline I love
that that is so cool isn't it oh my god
on you you are a rock star
that is so awesome like that is going
dead center on the subscribers wall
guys we got stuff from pause people's
Animal Welfare Society 30 guys these
other people remember what we did for DM
the totally awesome thing the awesome
project
calendar are so cute look plus animal
rescue oh my goodness is that for me
except for you I looks like a girly one
no that's a large crabbers I love it
all the paws look fresh inner oh yeah
yeah what is it
look it's like that it's a shih tzu
puppy one but it's got dog Bo
oh I'm ducky what's a keychain
oh the keychain my total is for your dad
or something did you some in there
is it a dog that's not a pencil okay
that's a I can understand why you
might have thought that with the pencil
case well as we know from my hoodie from
district lines I do like to wear women's
clothing look I'd be proud to wear that
walk around it pause let's pause for a
moment what's the counter how do y'all
like em there's a sad story with every
one of them I'll take them I'd have
little names on all of them what is it
they never contact me ever and they just
send me stuff it's so funny because I'm
always like Thanks never knew it was
coming like it's really nice there's so
funny every time I got something from
the body shop I'm like oh yay duo for
but no like it's always what they said
thank you for your track your video on
our something spring trend and press
releases you never get depressed just
press release will be sent via email I
never get emails from them ever like you
never know what to expect but I mean
it's a nice surprise
thank surprised each time and then I
know what this is
softening cleansing gel lovely f YX
cosmetics hey look do you make a girl's
face if you put them all together that's
it
like you can make someone's face oh no
you can't make someone's face cuz it's
all the opposite way around and that's
of course you put her upside down to
kind of make an upside-down face doesn't
work you guys need to go back to your
marketing department can you put this in
the car I don't want to open it though
no an air freshener doesn't work and
unless you open it yeah I know it's so
cool the doggies like you built a
snowman thanks g-man all the guys at
animal falls rescue you go guys pause
animal rescue county tipperary there's
the phone number there's their website
if you guys have any money that you just
have lying around and you're like what
am I gonna do with all this extra money
that I have lying around give your money
to paws check them out pause that a they
could deal with the donations they
always need donations cuz there's always
pause they need that need pause you know
like your dad it's like a pause cuz we
just listened to radio day you know that
song forget about the price tag about
money money money I really like that
song
but you know what else I really like and
this is sign if this is kind of like
become controversial I was never a big
fan of like pop music and stuff but I
heard all this crap about Lady Gaga song
you know so I'm like give me a whirl I
kind of like it you know I think it's
it's a touchy alright like it's not you
know like I don't really care what she
does in her videos or if she has pointy
shoulders I'm just kind of weird but you
know I think the song says she's quite
good and that other one that that I
don't want it's like
it's a weird the lyrics are so weird
she's like I don't even want to tell you
lyrics but she's like I like the smell
of it if you know the song I think it's
like Rihanna's new song or something
you know it's ridiculous but the song is
actually quite good pop music is not
that bad
yeah kind of keep our they didn't order
any individual one of us you can buy
them in like one one my pleasure
we got them to add them Oh exciting
go Coco ask him Anthony
pink one see I'll be are seen that
there's so much more water than he ever
did
so we needed to get a bigger bowl for
SEMA because she's always that in order
but they might have the harness and the
doubt bought you a harness that for a
small when I get small tees but it
really smaller a very small one that's a
joy anyone oh I'm so unhappy but they
don't have that she is I don't want in
her size majority like guys I love this
little top it's so cute no no no no I
said the top not the shoes why are you
drawn to the shoes I said the top I do
like it you like it I think that's nice
because yeah look at this correct
this is a good time yeah I like that
color on your nicer yeah
are you getting pants as well how much
is it don't eat your house no I think it
might be funny
oh well then what's 8 ok alright you
wanna get these I like them a little no
cuz it's the waste used to look at
joking aren't you a 34 or something
turkey turkey phone okay
I'm sure they're okay you're putting $2
on I can do that yeah
can i against something what that guy's
a new bed
yeah I know
oh look they're ones with a zipper you
like those don't you you but I have that
one sadistic line oh right yeah okay
okay my turn now I mean your turn you
get the shoes from new look nice that's
just looking at draw that's how it works
that is like so super hard I love that
it won't look good with the scarf
obviously what
I love that one if you read out one a
public route with you
I probably admit in public that I want
you
outfit of the shopping trip
looking at it like hugs your finger he
looks so super sexy Annette seriously
it looks deadly
yeah no trustees no no you have to take
I took the green one I didn't even tried
it on time no I do like that one and I
see it on you it's also it's good
but agent we're turning on it be some
comments guys what do you think that we
should buy we won't reveal which one
you're buying right you have to leave a
comment and tomorrow we reveal which one
she bought I never see which one you
guys are astute but that was bad was
that I was missing euro in my
PlayStation while at fun because they
loved Sneaky's they put it up by 5 euros
so it's 15 euros for the my pack I only
had like 1350 or something in my wallet
so I was like hey that's fine your
wallet it's like PlayStation money now I
don't use Visa cards we don't use Visa
cards we don't use any sort of credit we
M we have dependable of you don't have
the money you don't get the product so
you can't use your laser cards or
anything can only use a Visa card top it
up so I had to run over to game it was
talking her brother there cuz he just
got hit and he was like downloading it
was like one point three gigs who's
gonna take forever
so I ran over to game I got my PSN
credit which I have to buy 50 euros of
PSN credit oh no now I can't even get
into this store
it just keeps crashing maybe this time
it'll go in the little thing goes on for
a while right wait for it wait for it
and then the little I'm in the store I'm
in the store redeem code hold on a
second now guys but I just paid for it
and I bought it not scratched again the
same problem right now gosh darn at 8:07
292 I am pressing the back button I can
press the back button and many times but
you don't go back there you guys think
of my name top does it look awesome on
me right look out preppie we just did
like a photo shoot a jokey photo shoot
about prep penis showing off our prep
penis let's crack a window know you want
to open a love it how we doing here 6%
tiles come on man no I figure as I've
actually seen is get her harness on
catch your own very own little harness
Tina I love you as a harness Tina has a
harness oh cool
where's it lead there's a new bed this
is the new bed we got for them guys it's
not super awesome I didn't check out my
hood zo we'll do that later we'll do
that later yo cuz I'd be like pop collar
puppy collar pop your collar yo oh sure
do i I'm Stuart outfit of the day ooh
changing yeah I know I know they are
hilarious though guys to it
scene honor it's like comical like she
just like runs out everywhere just like
all over the place I should get used to
it come on let's go let's go ten-hut
guys we have them vlog on this little
walk Aryan ages because we've been kind
of bringing them on the grass a play but
look the tides in look how pretty it is
it's so nice isn't it the Sun coming
down to tie it in yeah I know that's
just the leaders great come on come on
we got one each that was the plan that's
what we can't have a turd dog because
then they set out numbered humans oh
look at that Sun going to end like the
view here it's so nice this is the walk
that convinced us to come live here it's
so pretty you ever want to move to a
house
yeah we have because I'm just kind of
like when we get married like his our
lease is over at the same time so I want
to move to like a house I don't want to
live in like an apartment type thing
anymore
when a house with a garden for little
guys to run around in I want a parking
space outside my front door said I
happen to like walk around the corner
for it you know I'm not asking too much
I'm not asking too much am i Cena Albie
come on come on guys we're going this
way I'm gonna go to fun way I want this
a units done the other way
she's over there walking along the path
so she doesn't get her shoes wet we're
gonna run along here like crazy ones
come on guys let's run it off let's
bring it up like we're back after the
walk and it's only 54 percent I need
some numbers I need some let's invade
the girls room oh my god I've heard that
channel is so amazing that guy is so
amazing well hello there lady friend
lady lady friend
vodka pasta vodka pasta but it is
another this trying to have my dinner
harassed hello
I suppose you have you guys know 87%
yes nap foolery installing mofo 40% come
on do it to me give it to me give it to
me where's my gun no no I've got a gun
and I'm not afraid to use it
Kapow cop if you don't rate it if you
don't tum this video if you don't like
this video I'll do it I don't do it you
better like the video
