- hey Bama
it's the first stop summer we're all in
the past and we're watching all the
Coney Jolie videos and his word was
trying to roll tally up the bed and then
don't you come back support yeah prefer
what was equity or tomorrow watch the
thinking of the baby with two wired or
as a baby with to see I was Christmas
when I was born you weren't doing it
Christmas yeah when she crashed hi there
hey lieutenant you had a Christmas Day
what's your plan what's your plan
alright
101 oh hello it iced yeah hi no yeah I'm
gonna let me do the first mission okay
you like a big sister is a big picture
huh I don't write down yeah cause you
know if you cameras I like I know is it
right we're here
oh yeah yeah woman hello stranger mean
baby me and she was cute wasn't she
I don't know however what you wish kid
to you little chubby cheese too or you
and Margaret were to take a poll oh
you're doing
hi where does the Cody Jolie's and I'm
the dad and I am um maybe you go hey why
are you though it's supposed to be like
the walls inside your watch you're the
mommy I'm grandpa Jody I'm the boy found
a boy and that's yet you say it now my
goodness there's no more room for any
without skills bring up the dogs who's
your favorite comedian he's your
favorite almost begging yeah okay yes
thank you there you go I doubt let's sit
her up a little bit yeah yeah better up
like this okay come on now
yeah you do what hey what are you doing
with that you have to earn that one
media with a little bit better and let
the edges are so you like now that
school is over
there's no more cereal for breakfast
because can be that there in the morning
kids rallies in such a rush we've
decided from summertime we're going to
have the better practices every day only
mommy's going to make us something very
tasty so when you order in a cat okay
sometimes you get like this we get
swapped out for different brands you
don't have a right we got this stuff
delivered yesterday
it is replacement for our water let's
get this water we feel so weird it's so
cool though I really like it though but
from Norway but like isn't it like
that's mad this isn't like crazy it is
kind of cool I've got you yesterday when
I first I was like on ie for real but
now I think it's really good and you
guys drink Voss water rod for us oh
maybe it may be a prince pasa she's like
it's from Norway it's pretty cool I
definitely know us but yeah
Jenny pasa so as I've author is fed with
bad words
bish max I need water is iron in Vaasa
is quiche max look at these two look at
this are you ready for the festival
which is cooking
like okay who wore them in a petrol
station on the way to cyclic good
morning let's run in the class
ha ha ha
we discussed last time
Oh
Oh
dream
Oh
because
Oh
right baby massage yeah to me
we've just parked and I'm running a bit
late when you scold I've also got
coconut oil today instead of olive oil
thought I'd shake it up a bit and she's
just woken up from a nap so she should
be good for a while so we're going to
get her out and go to baby massage so
amelia is giving a show me yours come
here squiddy the media gave herself a
squiddy too much my squiddy
and now Eduardo is getting it Amelia's
going to give it wardo a tattoo so I've
got to put it in a little bit of water a
little bit of water sir do you want your
everywhere yes
does that hurt his right oh well Jake
owes money tattoos did you take a little
yeah mm-hmm
are you getting an I love body tattoo
and that's how you know you've done a
bit successful baby massage class if she
just woke up but to have the scene
obviously we've done our four-week class
it was actually a lot better than I
thought it would be I was very like um I
was very skeptical like in the beginning
and but there's me but that was actually
really really enjoyable and really nice
and I kind of regret not doing it with
the other two and just because it was so
good like two for bonding Alessia
why do you recommend it if you're like
thinking about it
want to give it a try just do it like it
makes such a difference just for bonding
with your baby and just like it's just a
fun and chilled out time for both of you
the lies start what are you planning
maybe my what is gonna be ah hang lovely
gonna be fun what day are we gonna be
fine
Oh
lime strike two three
we have met people
tonight we are we monster oh my gosh
this was exclusively sent by Tom says to
Amelia Dwight and Alessia I hope you
enjoyed there's a monster new book for
whatever you do don't let him out don't
talk Oh shake the book and turn the page
did I speak guys and I turn the page
duck didn't work try blowing him away
guys okay now you just spawn all over
you
kill the book to the right kill here
here
kill finish spin it like a spinner
minute like a spinner that fidget
spinner
did it work Oh quickly make a loud noise
make the noise again
louder okay back in your hair you back
in the book lies the monsters back in
the book
phew now don't what they want you to get
lost in your room so is probably the
best place to take them is safe in the
book
oh you guys like that book oh yeah hey
hey
