you don't have to say what you do
morning morning those guys it is Friday
and Friday means many hello and you guys
watching that Rhett link
I just think ages ago east of this thing
on Friday when it like check their P o
box or something but that is a song like
you're like it's Friday and Friday means
mail sometimes it stuck with me
it stuck with me it was a week Strucker
wits like a hooker um now he's in the
go-go I must say I was excited tired
Alina studio today the mail it off
there's some way you guys is you're like
my BFS
my BFF forever nuns like it I'm super
tired today guys it's most so tired as
the week increases like I like more and
more progressively tired and in tomorrow
a jump from like alright hey guys check
out boobies you know peepees it's time
to leave the loved one you've got to do
it right love you
now Cena don't eat mommy's earrings okay
Jack oh no now I'll leave you with the
hyper dogs
okay guys mom has something she wants to
talk to you about that's really
important okay no just wait there a
second no just wait there a second guys
mom wants to talk to you about something
really important no now I have to
explain that I'm leaving steak steak
steak see my socks okay time to reach
the traffic you ever have those times
where it's like I feel like I need to go
to the hairdresser's now and show them
my hair because I'm loving my hair this
morning I don't know how how it did it
some days you wake up I'm like like I
don't use any products or anything to
get my hair the way it ever is it's just
its lucky to draw you know and this
morning was like good day I wouldn't
draw I won I'm a winner so I was like on
oh my goodness I love how my hair is
gone this morning I'm like you know if I
go to the hairdresser's because I was
thinking about going to M trim off the
sides and stuff cuz I ran a bit long and
now it's like yeah but then it takes
like a week or two after that for it to
finally sell and they always cut it too
short or they get it wrong or something
and it's like I'm I hate that I'm like I
wanted to just go like this what I used
to always do is I'd actually try my
hardest to before I went to the
hairdresser's to make my hair as much as
the way I wanted it therefore when I
walk in the door and the guy who likes
what kind of do for him but I see what
my hair is now I pretty much won it to
be like that when I leave but just
shorter on the sides
then they go ahead and they're like oh
I'm just gonna like thin it out or
something like that and then I go home
and next thing you know it does the
fluke doesn't work anymore and it really
upsets me but today I'm having a good
hair day are you having a good hair day
today oh I love getting home in a
Wednesday Wednesday you saw it yourself
no no studio time in the studio at the
blog there's so much more so much more
to do I don't have to go in like she's
trying to get up that's a salsa dance
there like a Tesco snake with the light
covering behind you it looks kind of
looks like an effect I'll turn the big
light on boom get that plugged in oh it
does it makes all the difference
oh yeah oh yeah that's that's pretty
darn good
feel it love it like it let's be a game
square sure puppy I got a new game for
my iPhone do you have to shoot puppets
haha I know I think like Sesame Street
or something we if they kill them all
you guys should download it
what's my farm is like another name guys
I think we need to get a test go we're
gonna test go super harity because a
super area time first guy it's guys guys
guys whoa you're gonna watch this
tomorrow the new mod pack for Call of
Duty has been released it has been
released for the PlayStation RS
first-strike for the PlayStation came
out for the Xbox about a month ago right
we are like damn you Microsoft and your
exclusivity but now No
it's available for the PlayStation self
presentation tomorrow but when this goes
up it'll be today you know right we live
in the future
you guys live in the past stop living in
the past oh so nice and summery it's so
nice to wonder it and the Sun isn't it
although you're kind of cooler yeah oh
all the lies all the lies so I was like
checking up in this shop Holland and
Barrett loved it and we're like maybe
they closed a high five or six to close
at nine so we plenty of time to get over
there but I just wanted to go early so
we'd actually be walking in the sunshine
sunshine
I really like the shop guys I went to
the Barrett and Holland and Barrett
the guys like totally remembered about
my dairy thinking about why they died in
something is asking about it so I was
like oh my god I love Philly remember
you that's like good service now because
of some good news which will be revealed
someday in the near future or maybe not
getting people
ooh look I left our science and the try
the yellow ones they're usually more but
oh look I found what I want oh my
goodness
luck it comes a little bunny for the
kids
it is kind of good in this huge I just
don't know if it's huge enough if it's
Joker suit just like small medium large
extra-large Jill to start it only
applies to chocolate bill doesn't like
anything else that's the truth
these things
I'm choreographer
and putting take 20% off the ticket
price oh yeah 20% off answer just
quickly add that up that's quite serious
yeah you can get 20 if you get 20 them
and you get 20% off 20 them that one's
shinier it's gloss finished oh look she
jumps it's one of these ones in pink
that's a nice size 20 by 25 well that's
it what you want is the tree here have
those ones
during its Rita oh yeah but people think
all people say people that come from
afar to complain they would I know
people I know some people look it's that
enough some lunch
all the sales are on what's the sales on
tomorrow the place is really empty is
this place even open yeah but they're
deadly that darling little blocks hater
the same price yeah well they're not
twenty percent off probably but no these
are much better get these things what
they're so cool I love that this is even
one that's good easy to clean
two times heater you guys have a George
Foreman grill feed it to me good should
I get one okay okay
hey like I'm following you from afar put
your heart in there burn it
we get one of these just one like a ones
thou shalt not pass any things in case
you don't know we're looking for make
the bushes in
we should get one of those things that
says puppy in training to multis puppies
like trophy in track knee I think that
would not go down well
javelins did not work out ever going to
meadows and burn meadows and burn do you
guys go to meadows and burn you like
metals and burn
do you like Meadows or burn hold you
prepare
Bart said this comes a little can no
natural son you know sign is free right
do I like that little thing Hampton
Beach we should get that for you
remember a board
I've got big stones here
he's quote spoil yeah
spoils of the girl again teaching a
loved one we should change our channels
at treating loved ones calm
I just love making you smile
I know you did you deserve them
I'm okay unfair guys look the only one
that snapped its all day back there
because they're awfully versatile what
Ernie it's like a test gets gotta let us
down guys you want to get the magic of
hot sauce I'll trade with the magic
pastor's office all right all right
let's see if they have the magic pasta
sauce
it's the one I made the other day my
Nana was tired in bed with the cult of
ricotta oh look at this one
Sicily
look sun-dried tomatoes in Oregon oh
that sounds good
hey maybe Lloyd actually makes one look
that seems a bit small but does he have
a part or something yeah
Oh remember you saw his get this one
sold what's the better offer more
medicinal mascarpone good vodka
Oh can we get over that vodka do you
think you can taste about Kennish for
what about this one because it has a
little puppet it has a little puppet guy
have one soon will that Lloyd has this
one right with vodka doh
I like it a scenario tomorrow and a hint
of volcano sauce like yeah well it's an
honor key I couldn't see Maura I think
you should try it like splash gives it a
rich creamy there's some we're afraid
they'll go Jeff
putting some wine
not cooking from scratch look he he's
already done the work it's okay
I did all the work you from scratch and
now I fastened to you see essentially
from scratch you know
hello you know there little man young
man
oh ho you come a-runnin you come
a-runnin huh you guys are so cute so
guys I just was talking to the people of
the project that we got we're talking
about though we haven't said anything
about in people and I only left a
comment yesterday on the Visio saying we
haven't talked about it apparently
they're launching to night tonight to
night so they're launching tonight in LA
so I don't really know what time that's
going to be here and let alone Ireland
but she said it's gonna send me a link
and show us it's like the thing the
project as soon as it actually happened
so I do hope that I actually managed to
get it in today's blog otherwise it'll
be in tomorrow's vlog because it'll be
tomorrow morning when we check it but if
it's not too late tonight and we're
still up and I went back to your villa
because I'm not in the studio tomorrow I
don't have to edit the blog tonight I
can edit it tomorrow so I will
definitely try and fit it in at the end
of this video for you guys hopefully
hopefully are we hopeful AVI is there
hope Abby there's always hope bad let's
have a quick a quick peek room tour a
mini room tour a mini moon tour guys
that what we bought in Meadows and burns
look
oh snap foolery aren't they so cute I
bought them for my lovely look at this
holy moly muttering holy Jolie Poli
Kohli it's not awesome all the stuffs
here they don't tell you too much
because you've got to watch the room
tour which is coming to the Starlight
very soon when's it coming
he's afraid of the video
oh right okay so scratch that it's not
coming soon but there you go
right right right generally mean guys
yeah yeah alright guys so it's the next
day
that's the morning time and I told you
that because they were launching it last
night that I'd actually put it at the
end of that today's route to it is
actually today I'm gonna upload it now
on the same time zone
Steve anyway guys check this out you may
have noticed a little thing in about on
my channel it said style Hall and if you
click on it oh it's fancy on the hop
good style diet highlight the top
transverse brain shelf and with the
homemade recipe
who cares about huh anyway gonna check
these channel and write mother's honor
there but that's trophy so Oh got too
far we click on me move to my channel on
our normal channel no no networking
click on that and subscribe
basically it's like a show about shows
you know about YouTube and it's all the
news and stuff that goes on we did the
whole entire beauty community like what
everyone's up to what's doing and then
I'll probably have videos and then you
know the best way I can describe it it's
the same idea as machinima machinima is
all about computer games and stuff like
that and then people create content and
they put it up there what it's the same
like it's the same thing basically a sec
instead of having video games
it's like beauty gurus hauling shopping
clothes makeup all that kind of stuff
and I'm in the middle of it
little owns me I'm like I'm like the
token man anyway checks it out right and
then check us back out again double Z
check-ins at and Z
