so I was making coffee this morning I
realize we didn't have any of the
Starbucks coffee wasn't I've been
drinking no back you guys moving granola
hmm show the old morning growlers she's
popped in lights popped in and ready to
go
jus like a pair of clothes or a pair of
trousers or a top or something that you
used to wear but then you had more ages
well I hate loads of clothes I've kept
it all from like before well while I was
in uni and stuff before we moved to the
UK and that's her chair that turd shirts
when I kind of put on all that weight
and stuff you know but at I love
teachers and clothes himself and
hydrated me wearing it but I kept amino
and this morning I was like awful kind
of like I don't feel a little like Nemo
I feel like nimble like a Tim Bob and I
tried I was like on oh my goodness like
just a slip-up
I'm slim as a Jimbo enough coffee for
today so am I'm kinda like the whole way
anything like I've stopped in the wine
thing because it is making thanks
anymore because I'm also now like who my
the workout routine I've stacked up bit
so now I'm working at my muscles
Lamoille of working out what muscles
Yahoo or make a Gooden speak but that's
just increasing my mass then obviously
because the muscle weighs heavier than
the fact so therefore it might seem like
I'm putting on weight but then I'm
actually getting slimmer so it's like
huh
so I've just given up in the way
anything because it's so confusing
because it's like but you and then how
much little heavier so you know plus
wing I mean quite understanding it
anyway I never remember anyway I always
forget so I just go by based on like
look it's just probably knees or
contactos also guys I don't know protein
Jackie
I've got no breakfast I've got nothing
well I have is the morning rather this
upsets me slightly I used to clean
every day every day I walk by that car I
always think that for myself guys so
close today but it's really sunny and
I've been coming to work a lot earlier
see if I come into the studio we're here
anymore that means I get to leave the
studio really really early evening and
pulled out a struggle it's hard in the
morning you think can you wake up you're
like I hate this idea but as they
progresses and it is time to leave
suit yourself hey this ideas awesome
ah nothing bloody traffic delays that's
that's not part of my plan like a colder
is guys you actually see my breath bike
just stopping to smoke in the morning
you know oh yeah
no that was the lane I was in back into
that one got sake goodness sake
goodness sake I should have stayed in
this Lane from the beginning of time but
I did not everybody do that you know any
move lane and then that land starts
moving and you're like and you're back
into your land and the lane your insides
moving right well let's just solve the
emotions that I'm feeling right now oh
look we've stopped now and then place my
place in today today it's Coffee time
well around in the Sun because I came in
the door close both doors in the house
in the comments chicken the ratings well
you don't me check the ratings just
check the comments you know so you guys
have been saying all day you know you
know you guys been like you know some
commenters you know Sina do not eat the
plough or plow a flower do not eat the
flower pant okay
don't eat that that's not dinner that's
not nutritious that's not nutritious it
may be delicious but it is not
nutritious
that'll be tell her tell her mm-hmm guys
it is so sunny once again I love it I'm
like outside again I think this time I
need to get a chair if you like I feel
like hang here hang by the window what's
up what's going on are you guys being
what are you guys up to today
is it sunny where you are cuz they did
sunny here it still is a little bit of
chilling yeah but I'm wearing a t-shirt
I'm wearing a t-shirt and this year I'm
not Sun getting less and sulaiman
slimmin saucy for the hot weather oh
yeah it's going on it been asked a few
times by a couple of commenters and
Twitter's when are we guys gonna you
ever feel the big project and stuff and
it's not that were like purposely
delaying telling you guys about the
project it's just that you know they
said to us it's gonna be like in
February and March they're gonna lunch
so you know it's March first a second so
I'm sure one of these days
anywho these days now we'll probably get
an email or you know we'll get notified
that the project has actually launched
or pretty much when it launches we'll
know about it anyway so as soon as that
happens like guys just put it like as
soon as we know you guys will know or we
already know but it seems we're allowed
to tell you guys we're not trying to
hold it back or anything like that it's
you know so like don't like sending me
Twitter and asking me and leave me
comments and asking me like you know I
just I'm just hanging it saying you guys
like as soon as I have
Sims were like being told that you know
it's lunch and stuff like that and you
know start telling what no matter then
we'll go ahead and do that but until
then there's nothing I can really do
about it so you know we made we were
premature and telling guys about it but
I was exciting I was exciting I was
excited because at the time we're at
you know going through the process of
setting this up and organizing and all
that kind of stuff and it was exciting
and I'd like to I'm I was like a vlog
and my life has teams happened because
therefore you know we can look back and
say oh lucky look at that day day 230
whoever the hell it was was the day that
we actually like had that conversation
you know so maybe that's why but just to
let you know it's not that I'm holding a
back or anything like that it's just
that we haven't actually been sort of
giving you okay - you know and now it's
it because you know we're not there
we're not the marketing department the
market ears or the racketeers
my man is racketeering bad if you guys
notice my pattern of eating because once
I give it into something I'm like
mackerel pesto normally have sundry but
I ain't got none at the moment macro
pesto under bagel and that's it like
every day all the time like 100%
committed to the macro bagel you know
and then like who before with the
Frankfurter bagel rooms like every day
fully committed frankfurter day he goes
you know it's funny I got to know it
just like when I find a food that I like
I like I would like bigger I will
gorgeous I will just live off that
particular food until I have just
completely become sick of it hating it
so much and then I never eat it again
like a frankfurter bagel I don't know if
I'll ever have a fine for Tobago ever
again but you know for that like two
months or three months whoever long when
I start paying for bagels first time I
had a frankfurter bail I think it was
first time I tried it weird living in
doggy at the time so we left doggy about
is it six months ago no bloody B's oh
but we left them there you know I mean
we can't ask them till the bat like two
or three weeks ago we stopped eating the
frankfurter bagels and I had I tried
mackerel and I was like I like the
mackerel and now I've been having
mackerel every day on my baby looks like
I'm gonna funny that way and you guys
like that do you guys find a food source
that you like and then just like stick
to that one food source every single day
all the time you know or do you got you
move around you know I don't know or is
it just me cuz it's just me am I the
only one who's slightly crazy seems I've
been a being abandoned
up here we'll open that one up could
find one of these oh my god that's what
an abandoned boyfriend does or fiancee
wife I've leveled up - fiance hello
hello hello is this thing on
are we live are we live testing one two
testing people do not appreciate that
all right let's go public
let's go cor that's good domination
let's go do this thing think somebody's
home iou's who's this I came home to
find nobody just some pasta on the table
Jeff inside yeah I had the headphones on
your noise-cancelling one spike you just
see today right at the door and I was
like Oh someone's home did you have fun
yeah with Eric good good yeah is he a
prefect a perfect prefect
oh you look really pretty
are you making out with some girls yeah
so tired
it's Wednesday it's true those things I
know your oh yeah
midweek midweek yeah those creams it's
Pancake Tuesday why can't you say next
year
looking for extending it like that
summer first and happy Pancake Day and I
was like okay I taught us the tender
photos next year MEMS day no nosy
pancake nom-nom-nom-nom cake now helps
pancake nom nom Street hey I'm King
Street Street next Tuesday the 10th show
your subscribers what you did what did I
do
every time I come home when you and the
puppies have been here on your own
always something for me
excuse me guys were we outside we're on
the balcony for ages chatting video
evidence video evidence they pooped they
think that room is their toilet although
they were really good all day morning
because it was so sunny yeah yeah yeah
Sina keeps eating the pot she's a clay I
was like getting ready this morning and
I left the door open with the pot
against it so there was no wind anyway
but just in case and she kept going they
were just like playing whatever and I
could I was kind of keeping an eye on
them from your room from your window and
then I left my I stepped onto the carpet
of the landing there was like dirt and
more of like
would and so everywhere Josie took them
on a pantry and of course the you know
and she brought it upstairs like on the
landing and then there in the middle of
the road so yeah he's a troublemaker I
read that on Twitter
cuz when you left I think during cahoots
to try and get free diamonds
no she just ripped them out and then I
thought I saw her chewing something
didn't I and I was like you know what's
that I didn't even notice it was gone
sixteen oh it's not and I opened her eye
just like Christ opened her jaws there
was a diamond in there I was like sorry
puppy our puppy cheese and diamond yeah
oh really the best for our puppy give
her diamonds to toys oh no does that
mean you can't wear it
few sees oh it is like all backs the
same for earrings would you do fashion
fashion fashion now how many pancakes
can we fit into this small basket I just
don't know you know Tesco should supply
different size baskets you know serious
shoppers super hungry shoppers or you
can have like the diet basket free that
like the least small little faster and
that means like you can only fit the
same oh look
I like his brac Maria had his back all
the time yeah yeah she they're good
because they fit in a toaster because
our microwave is broken
No
the KitKat's
maybe sit-ups and I would tell him when
I go to work all of that as a kid cats
and she start buying him now and she's
in love with him
oh my gosh better someone said by the
sesame seeds one there is no sesame seed
once multi seeds cinnamon and plain
there's a lot of different ones on the
website
Oh is there get your rice dream what
kind of dream are you having behind the
rice dream rice krispies it's a race
world move in a rice world passing the
world ease
so cute
she makes friends refugee goes guys know
kinda looks like I'll be a but I said
he's inside though shouldn't he might
say oh yeah
funny one gets all cloudy like that
cloudy go guys we got pizza's pizzas Oh
YUM I'm pretty looking excited forward
that the word I said the right words but
in his jumbly a jumble sale watch what's
gone on here
fart she's gonna do you think you've won
something they're gonna be like that's
mine high five to the right you there
are funny bunch of bunch funders who
tried to get pizzas cuz I'll fire like
so skinny I'm not wasting away
sighs I'm gonna shoot myself for pizza
instead again like a takeaway pizza
which is like way worse we decided to
just go ahead and get some wrister
randy's let's get some mister Randy's up
in this place I got a poor law with the
spinach and the chick chick chicken and
corn corn corn and it comes in a fork
look comes with a free Fork apparently
 I'm his one she got her she got a
fungus one her has fungus Jenner's a
dolphin in Ireland over at the East
Coast it was like the sad East Coast in
dingle anyway where's dingle it doesn't
carry right they got a dolphin right
there and his name is funky - dolphin
that's the worst impression of a dolphin
ever yeah they got a dolphin they got a
thought beam up here you're so funny you
get so hype wasn't easy
mm-hmm you got son - betta be test
I can clean my love up nicely Milo Abbi
I don't think you should take that I do
not think you should take that out guys
Stargate Universe is back next week what
oh I know a couple of you guys to start
crying there and you got so
overwhelmingly emotional so just go
ahead and pause the video take a moment
to yourself cry scream let out all the
anxiety and you know repressed emotions
that you've been having since Stargate
Universe went off the air I'll give you
a moment take a moment there just taking
a moment yeah sorry universe you know
crazy huh oh sorry you're back
that was quick no it's a bit too quick
what do you mean you don't want Stargate
what OMG sad and you guys watch it
outcast
it's a BBC show not sure I think about
played in the America the continent of
America
I said Continental did it sound like
continent I mean because why would you
say the continent of America the
continental United States of America is
what I said okay
go ahead and take your little Jiminy
Cricket and you can determine ell and
even know what I'm saying anymore I have
lost the ability to make sense did I
ever have the ability to make sense do
not actually know what are you doing
what are you doing why do you two of you
have tissue in your mouths okay you know
why it's look what I found on the ground
look at this hey rip this open and head
started to go to work there luckily I
came to hand you are so close you know
you almost lost in Atlanta I was so
afraid when the doggies came oh can I
talk I'll just pull up in his room
she may be there but they came from the
other side
thank you oh my God look look at that
girls huh
little huh did you enjoy that
okay what's this it's just no that's
bold your bones explain to the viewers
what you have done
explain yourself explain yourself I love
you guys but if mom had come down here
would have been a different story
