I think is so bright and sunny this
morning yet there's a hint of frost
I can't the frosty dnews foam so the
King speech one loads of US PIRG last
night I think next year we should make a
film
oh the Joker speech in probably do just
as well unless the corny teachers
Joker's had to talk when I first
Manhattan that top I put sentences
together good I did I didn't do that
good I didn't do that
who's a plan I just killed our plans in
arrears it's gonna miss me today
I'd miss me today if I were you see
rhyming a sunny it is it's so super
sunny it's so super sunny in the morning
but I do not have any sunglasses
absolutely no idea what my sunny G's are
sunny Jesus that's like sunny I've got
squinty eyes cuz the slightest sound
squinty in my eyeballs
Mariella
everything is okay no need to panic it's
a no probably not
I need to do I need a very Sunny's I
need a pair of sunnies for this year you
see my trick is I never buy really
expensive sunglasses because well have
to get broken or damaged or something
like that you know so I always buy like
a kind of a cheaper one and then every
year just get a new pair boom Joe for
saving tips
um now look at this situation ladies and
gentlemen it is not good you think I'll
make it to the petrol station before I
get to the bottom huh I should hope so I
should hope so very much leap day is
like the sunniest day nor ever but it's
freezing cold hypnotist
Oh glorious weather where I thought
would I be yeah it's bright outside can
you see me yes you can cuz it's bright
outside it's by the side and it's home
time to D this is glorious this is glory
this feels like midday this is like 6
o'clock or something guys and it is
bright as can be why I may even have a
bright time day what do you do in the
bright that you do not in the dark I
don't know but I'm going to do it and
the traffic is quite light today
actually folks well we don't know until
we get to old the old king sailors can
sail round about that's when the traffic
gets a little bit hairy folks that's
when the traffic gets a little bit hairy
it's working at Monday guys no more
emoni moody malarkey Monday's work out
Monday's as the way forward guys well
look traffic looks heavy there forgot
that moving on see when the traffic is
heavy down there normally I'd go down a
narrow put the traffic looks heavy today
so I am NOT going down there this
roundabout seems good guys what's
roundabout seems ok ok so far today this
is a roundabout what
and Ryback oh goodness oh goodness and
we're true or true lads
on the way underway look another Tesco
oh that's this guy guys do you know that
Wilson has its own Tesco it does does I
tell you when you're off to Tesco and
Wilson that's where you go off to Tesco
and Wilson today off to Tesco and Wilton
today you take that turn you do not
straight that's the way you go today
we're not off to Tesco and welcome today
we're off to homeliness where my loving
wife to be my two puppies I'll be see me
waiting to greet me I'll see you or
probably bark and run in the stairs
mm-hmm she does that and though she see
I'll be like walks just kind of looks
down the stairs and sees me and is like
oh hey Dad where is like Cena Cena does
not see me so she puts her head down she
runs all the way down the stairs and
only when she gets to the bottom is
there she looks up and realizes it's me
but just to make sure she barks on every
single step and the raziel just looks
like what do you doing it's not I love
those guys they bring a smile to my fast
my father funny that's my no one need a
smile on your face are boobies
buongiorno today we are making the pasta
with is we're making here guys just
pretty much putting this into here I'm
on my way
Manny wait the stir is not traditional
like this man you it disturbs like
folding it over folding it over then I
like to tip it tippity-top
hippity-hop this one so nice so tasty
it's like we're really creamy
goodness wouldn't a sake for goodness
sake to scream you guys how was your day
was it a hard day was it Oh
retired isn't he from prison is it
fluffy-fluff person mm-hmm
he says oh you're so tiny oh oh oh wow V
where's my Howie here's my only hoxsey's
oh good boy AMI good boy have you got
C's good boy have you got these peanuts
or teeth hey Tina I see you know suck
teeth oh geez
it's gotcha noodles oh goodness oh do
you guys miss me today you guys miss me
are we having double X we haven't upper
legs sometimes you do that in the
morning they will climb on top of me
Neelix mm-hmm double X's oh hi guys
happy coxey's how do you think hi hi
guys I'm al beat up these ads my master
likes me bad just if I can just put it
to the back having crunch I can just get
a good crunch in his hand here he's a
really good crunchy it's just a bad stop
moving mad dad making this oh that's got
a whole hand sometimes Oh Xena don't
bite that hand love bite that hand off
don't bite the hand that feeds you but
your own paw but your own power but your
own paw oh oh you got a kick in the head
from out
you guys are the best you know that you
guys are the best
oh sorry am i boring you pasta takes
forever to boil
come on little ones the stirring and
make it boil faster or just leaving it
alone make it boil faster which way
which way makes it boil faster I mean
cuz I need to turn my tum-tums yeah his
tum-tums that is workout workout workout
what'd you call it
so honey keep my pasta to get on my
cycle it by cumbersome it also got this
other thing you guys know this is
because I have no idea is that margarita
but isn't margarita pizza you will have
instructions here oh no I can't even
understand these instructions varsa
nella
Terina la mesilla whatever I sailed in a
pretend Italian accent maybe I'll make
it easier for me to understand kutina at
all in crypto tortilla pepper Melly
Chiho apparently Corazon fondo in
Morocco and in fact oh well that
anywhere near what it's supposed to be
like even that I even get one word right
click seriously how long does it take
for the water to boil do i it do I have
it I think I think I might be on with
the freezer mode or something nothing is
happening
Julia bubbling looks like no claims with
some bubbles there guys look there's
another bubble double try Alan no is it
double double double trouble toil and
rubble fox's toe no foxes news is it
nude of a toe something those lines when
I hear a tippity-tap think to myself
will I rip it to wrap any of you guys
watch DM Oscars last night did you did
you stay up all night long to watch the
Oscars although I don't think it was all
night long if you live in the
continental United said I did not
because I was like you know what go to
the YouTube homepage because the videos
that are trending are probably snippets
from the Oscars and that'll pretty
summarize put in like 5 to 10 minutes of
everything that you need to know that
happened at the Oscars that's not
something about YouTube trending because
you just go trending boom you'll see all
there's some people that won or anything
interesting that happened otherwise I
just find the event quite drawn out of
them
boring but if you're fired be Oscars or
if you're like a felon buffer maybe you
enjoy watching the Oscars leave me a
comment us let me know let me know that
started a debate I hate the Oscars I
hate you so much
I'd love to see what the girls are
wearing it just goes on thanks a lot for
winning oh thank you very much I'm going
to cry my life is amazing
heavy honest I'd rather watch YouTube
and speaking of youtuber that's a corn
javis Zach honest they are that's me
laughs oh that is a smart so pointy I
don't even have to say the words I just
have the Holman
I got treats that multiply
this is the power just flying it's
electrified
here the one I want you would 101
singing the once seen one hunts who
wanna treat wanna tree it's a and here
is the end product hmm
do you guys think it's like my little
addition cuz we have like the little
trees or basil leaves and stuff so I
thought it might make a nice little you
know restaurant II kind of a feel to it
you know II mean you like it - you like
my culinary skills culinary color D
culinary's right let's bring it to the
loved one okay dinner service to the
loved one I've ran into videos on
YouTube to watch I guess procrastination
is over Germany your procrastination
like a professional cast caster nation
on earth can you be like an amateur
Castro Nader procrastination I'm a sure
a nation para no I'm not a professional
cast agenda are you doing now this is
procrastinating I'm sorry right
get on that little device there so it
looks like I'm working out just a little
bit too much these days guys cuz look
what happened I know I've had a pretty
hard like and I do like kind of you know
totally work it but I think I'm broken
one of the legs now I know like I bought
like I think this was like fifty greater
than 30 great it's like cheapest piece
of crap that our guests have available I
bought it to the other side look I just
want to see if we're gonna you know
commit to this rather than spending
money on something you know good right
this is a piece of crap but you know
what you work with what you got but now
now it seems that what do you think I
need that you think that leg is
important
what do you think speak to it everywhere
well work to it guys got my friends he's
one day closer to the beach buddy
oh yeah do you feel a bird are you with
me cuz you witness you will get on a
treadmill you will run that run you'll
work that out because guys we are gonna
have Beachbody we're gonna be like all
my subscribers are gonna have these
bodies it's going to be awesome
you better be down
