Ana's going to lunch with her friend
dio's they're going to a bakery and
black rock rock rock we have no idea
where the bakery is nor do we have any
idea where black markets where yeah yeah
oh look our castle it has been
found
well we found the Black Rock castle no
but we found a castle chamber guys here
at that castle a while ago I think it
was like I bought a new house or
something is the name of that video our
new home now probably you come out here
at the top you know towards the bakery
called me around here I found it guys
that's doing there behind somes right of
a market you gotta walk home look like a
little round top even though you're
horrible to me you send him a text oh
wait here they respond
hmm apologize for your behavior what you
mean no apologize for your behavior all
the other bullied boyfriends and the
world we need to unite bullied
boyfriends calm are you to responsible
for the ruckus
are you to responsible for the rut to
think huh
are you look up lucky you are ever since
he watched you your little pot is a
crazy fluff part if I may say so myself
we don't have some bagels guys yeah big
oaf I see well I have macro pesto and
sun-dried tomatoes do you love each
other huh
do you love each other look at that
gashing wound
we were playing she got too excited she
scraped me look at that thing ohh ohh it
hurts when I bend it like an axe wooden
ting but this was by this little puppy
here ha ha up by those new walk Malcolm
bagels are they even made in New York
where did you see me rocking hum is it
robbing them Rutter huh rocker ham
I don't think runner ham is in New York
walk how are you York bagels then New
York bagel company Oh stone-baked for an
attentive New York taste
oh so low in fat should be pretty what
I've never seen read one of these things
before in my limos Lippo depots these
are the best kind of a girl you should
we should start making dick and she's
not making bagels call on my dofus bagel
speaking of making things I'd actually
said on Twitter Facebook say it on
Twitter and post the Facebook so it's
kind of like saying it on Twitter and
Facebook at the same time so I ain't
said on Twitter Facebook that I am about
well actually when I said to have a 1400
plain so I'm not to be sure I haven't
looked at it in a few days but I am
pretty close to 10,000 subscribers right
and I was saying like when I hit 10,000
subscribers I suggest ionic ages ago I
was like rising by like a seven or
something I was like you know I'm gonna
do when I hit the 10k I'm gonna start
making t-shirts I'm gonna actually I'm
gonna go and do that but I don't want to
just go to district line or to hot topic
or whoever else is out there you know
what I really want to do is that I want
to go and I want to buy the t-shirts and
then I want to design the print bring to
our printers get them printed and then
have them here you know and then when
people get them it's like we can like
hands put them in the wrapper and send
them out you know I just think it's you
think the process is much better writing
like good at district lines calm nobody
now just like the book unfortunately if
we go ahead and do it that way it'll
probably work out just a teeny bit more
expensive because we have to buy the
t-shirts and buy and printing and ship
them and all that kind of stuff but you
know simple semantics I don't know I
just think it's nicer I think it's nicer
process they're kind of like handmade
from the Saucony Joey's not make like
starlight ones Joffe is one Ciccone
jolie one's pegasi someone's pooch buddy
ones all sorts of different sorts of
different things so I suppose the guys
start planning it I've said and I was
like going I'll say that and then you
know would be totally awesome if I woke
up tomorrow night and has its ups but
that doesn't usually work out but I'm
actually night and it was like next
morning I'm like oh no she lives now I'm
like it'll take like a few weeks
probably or something the fun we're
having today when do you guys actually
friends me on the PSN because I know a
couple of you guys are and I'm actually
going to stop using the account that I
have at the moment because it's my full
name and sometimes I'm like ah when I
just call it geophys you know and then
I've loads of people from like back when
I was in college and stuff and then it's
kind of like didn't reason I wasn't cuz
I was like oh what about all my XP man
but like it doesn't really matter so
anyway I set up a new account this is it
yeah the jovis which makes more sense
because I am the jovis
gonna start using for EM I tried that I
just like to choose a little bomb as
well but as you can see level one I was
like I was so high up I had like so many
trophies but I decided to hang on it's
not using this one instead because it's
more representative of me but if you are
a PSN right type in just little fellows
here
the joke is and add me on PSN and we can
shoot some zombies we can do two bad
guys we can capture some flags whatever
else you do you guys have ammo
kills out there in a couple days keep
distinct well that's not working to up
well one kill zone comes out give that a
go ago Zeo
it's just hard you any problem is hard
by this new carrot is that when I start
off in black ops 2 be like hey noob but
I'm like yo yo that's what I'd be like
whatever all the girls are gone all the
girls are gone and then it's just me now
oh the wedding dress is there ha ha ho
now Joe guys remember a while ago I said
a girl from Natalie from Germany had
made custom cards and I really really
loved them we're like maybe we should
ask her to like maybe do our wedding
invitations and stuff well holy crap
Errol knees she just send us a couple of
samples hmm for this one here how do you
already made Dino this is terrible you
can't see cause it'll a careful that's
better wow so mean excellent I do how do
you know we do that's a bit presumptuous
right Alan I like that one is it that's
amazing she made that like how do you
meet that she's a master master exploder
yeah I think that Brown I like the brown
and the most adorable whatever you
decide go but I like that brown one what
do you guys think brown one little bow
comes a day and everyone's life they
send a save to date guys were sending to
save to date are we excited whenever
would have no one accepts it nobody's
coming
oh it's just fact it's just back yo
buddy save the date um Cena
hi there I happen to notice what you're
nibbling on there and I thinking that's
my Turkish you little pepperonis these
are your toys that's your dog mm-hmm but
you can't have the Turkish can have the
Turkish guys we're gonna press it we're
gonna press the send button press the
send button do it before your battery
dies do it is it done
dinner's winner winner banner hopes for
dinner in love boy I ran out of my
protein thing so tired son walk oh did
you
I did by 20 degrees what is the too much
but it's nice and cool I think it's too
much right but for now what do you guys
what temperature do you have your
heating at was that like 30 or 40 or
something so I Jack that down to by 20
oh yeah
20 jacker Rooney who is this rabbit
dinner mmm cookie mix dr.house a bucket
I've had such a busy day because when I
give the start of my new Playstation
account on the PSN I have to rank up a
little bit in black ops so I went up ten
ranks which take a little bit of time
because I wanted to play domination so
in order to play domination I have to
get that things like level eight or nine
and then once I had a few shots of
domination I got mine if you bit more
and I was like on okay good you got a
bit of food up productivity for today
huh what's up little shredder what's her
new name I'm calling her shredder you
guys and she gets things she stretched
him that's what she does she's a
shredder what time's dinner
in 15 minutes well that's enough time to
have a quick round of domination what
are we having pasta with ricotta there
from the Italian Job yeah nice nice but
it's inner tear love there's a nice
fitted enough better set the table who
laptops into our luck lads ah our gender
color pink tea it was called a painting
is that the echinacea tea girls pinky ah
54 a pink lady pink ladies lose em oh
hey if you guys didn't watch em Anna's
wedding blog like these are the confetti
Crispo Harnick all these are like the
wedding favors they go in like a little
thing like this you know like a little
thing like that a little baggie then
people get them that's what you get if
you come to our wedding people giving
out free confetti Matt's Mattie's
potatoes commentator 1 he's not your
uncle you Te'o - I was finding hard to
look at that one for a while
Pixies who was it who attacked mom who
attacked mom
you gonna take mommy on me Oh Oh his
mommy it's my home time than your palm
is that we we doing when I'm skinny
I'm a skinny were links see how stuff
Felix would you quite the same time
Oh
guys decided I'm gonna go ahead with the
country crest again because lucky these
actually are like all no preservatives
no stuff like that so I got to time I
might go for a Rogan Josh as well get in
there although that's lamb you think
about lamb
let's take of the chickens yeah
sorry no lamb so I might get double
chicken
Cantonese curry or my God my haha
very sure what that is a long grain rice
the cedar option only bought a block
right
so there's no any other option per se
per se persuasive per se how rude that
is like the Buddhists need to probably
do Sandra and texting so she the first
RSVP you an award for that she's the
person to RSVP from save the date but
people are confused they think it's the
actual invitations aren't they
tell people that
our invitations are special oh yeah
handmade handcrafted individually
handcrafted she should put a little made
in Germany or something no when I was
younger I used to love getting you know
like butterscotch flavor I'm just
sitting there
oh no that's the butterscotch one the
butterscotch wound right getting that
getting two liters of milk and a whisk
going up to my room
whisking it and eating it that to me was
delicious thing to do just like eat an
entire I tend not to put the porter
pastry cases you know they weren't
really my thing if I would have a wall
in my room you know whatever like my
wall
I'd like my wall to be like that with
Easter eggs I was actually gonna get
that few yesterday I got the cupcakes
instead that's right I would let's go
back to my wall look at my wall of cream
eggs or not eggs just just eggs Wow
I was actually looking at that one as
well the princess cake I hate the icing
yeah that's right Todd where did all the
cupcake things like oh there's hardly
enough of this red valve ones I was
gonna get that as well and then I was
thinking because they're the ones I was
going to get you I knew you liked gonna
get the combo no it's too early for that
oh yeah I wanted to do ended of shape
hello ma huh
but you're not Columbo don't know I do a
dog do you sell that daughter
dance and Industry leads you're pretty
excited about that cleanser hey presto
boom boom boom that's my favorite thing
I love the yellow ones the yellow ones
make me happy in the yellow happy dance
we all know happy dance yellow happy
dance yellow happy dance yellow happy
dance yellow happiness yellow happy does
