oh no the interwebs is down guys we have
no entered webs at the moment which is
quite annoying
although minecraft appears to be trying
to download a package but over here as
we can see the interwebs is down
we're just rendering at the vlog message
where watcher disses renders whoo
but yeah like I don't know what it's
trying to do and probably realized in a
moment that there is no interwebs so
pretty got to nip over to mama star
that's it's probably some problem with
the problemos hopefully it's not gone
for long
this happens every now and again not
every now and again but every now and
again you know these are just the things
you must deal with when you're a ninja
Trevor so we have to go from star let's
upload the vlog et's oh yeah plus I also
record you guys yesterday noticed that I
also uploaded a vlog a video to my other
channel of Erica doing a hair tutorial
on me oh yeah she was making it move and
groove right ciose these that is the
voting day guys you guys gonna vote for
hmm and we're still on record we're
still good
we're still good you guys gonna vote
these four huh let me through that was
funny honey my name is doing Cena and
today I'm gonna do a show for you
oh hello my name is Alec is it was it
was it was it nobody no here mm-hmm you
guys are so cute guys it's so cute tees
hmm I'm gonna go sleepies in there
you're probably melting hearts right now
Xena oh I love you though these days you
see my polling car just cover my thing
although my small problem is because
that's where I'm from
presentation and Tara near a
presentation is a school routine but
what is the evidence of identity hello
uh I would like to give you this
and I'd like to become master of the
universe ever seen oh oh you know you
notice the camera pointed at you oh
really
vlog ended rendered purchased compressed
ready to go my video for my job this
channel ditto everything is ready to go
all we need to do is get to insert webs
but the entrance is done well hopefully
it'll be back they said that defaults
contained within the outer box and that
there junctional Hine has me not ask you
to let it I let it out so hopefully
it'll only
I am a club of one day now everything
was gone this morning but the phones are
back unless we could send a vlog on the
telephone I could bring all of you guys
individually right and we could play the
vlog one at a time you guys do just like
listening could be like an audio to
experience
yeah I remember when I was about 13 14
15 can't remember wondering one of those
ages right and I was in New York and I
was like my god and we were looking at
this shop right cuz I had these phones
the phones had like a little screen on
them they're like hey buddy this is the
future the future is now people and how
I turn into that accent but now showing
us that people in the future going me up
such can you call people like it'll have
a video box and it'll be like what and
then some some crazy person invented
just hit hurt webs and then Skype and
then iPhones and then probably took the
end of that but I remember I was like
you were going to be able to look at
someone when you're talking I was like
that even my grandma's got an iPhone I
don't even have a grandmother one that's
so sad why do you actually my mom's mom
he was like 100 billion years old
seriously she's a relative okay no clue
got me flowers flowers run sniff little
sniffles that's two flowers I trust you
guys it's always after some sort of
mischief and always mischievious all
right let's get some boggle slicin you
saw nothing
dig in deep let's get the bagel on the
go it seems a little restriction here
let's make a bullet time I got some
macro sun-dried tomatoes and some wild
rocket pesto although as far as I
remember I was told there is some sort
of a homemade pesto just right let's do
it
Oh baby this Aston a baby this geison a
big Eagles lesson all day long it's why
I made up some behaved disgusting
you see a group of white metal doggies
where they stuck like this because one
of my socks is being stolen there's been
some stock stealing you see a dog passed
by her sock like this what's going on
here give it to me give it to me give me
my stop give me my sock give me my sock
see you know sock sees cns oxys give me
sir
who has it give me my sock may I have
that please thank you Cena Cena please
come here
I got it I got it
let go let go let go Nick oh my god
I'll be I'll be give me that back oh
thank you so much he's got my owners
they've gotta suck each now where's this
okay
he'll be that's my son oh oh you made a
mistake Cena you made a great mistake
now what you saw me with this one what
that one
this one this one hmm the boy can that
have suck can Danny have us up please
can I have a selfie can that have my sub
pls kandar her a suck me not suck right
this minute mr. mr. Cena gonna tell of
its give me this oh okay guys tell you
what I will swap out the sock
oh no no cut you guys were dumb I
thought you guys were Dumbo's that would
fall for something like that
no let's see this no no okay let me see
what else we've got here well that will
be acceptable this one this one this one
this one this one any of these any of
these work you can't it's right give me
the time
please get the toy that's the punch
whoa geez Tina Tina Tina Tina Tina I'm
going to take your toy you look so
different
I'm gonna give you a haircut tonight no
possibly live on blogtv but you would
have known if you were there last night
pudding day pudding day
No Cena's shivering look after my little
see my socks
then I have loads of fun bye
and I do have like an elastic bands that
I could use to tie back my hair no
Oriole Oreo ducking back in Oriole after
voting we go today I'm selling video
excuse me we're going to go vote
it's just me mom astounded sister
started and Jonathon can't vote because
he is in Dublin he's registered to vote
me and Terry near in Dublin so he can't
vote
we're going to the Sports Center to vote
that's how they do it in Ireland see all
the people holding
good pitch we just voted I was going to
film a little bit in there but then I
thought that I might get in trouble cuz
like you know it's supposed to be
private whatever so yeah and I couldn't
even film Jonathan won and we should
film like a tiny bit inside my booth but
there weren't weren't even really boost
they were like you're kind of exposed so
sorry about that but I vote it so I hope
that all of you who are eligible to vote
in Ireland did vote it's really
important thing goes off to see the
black ones needed vanity Black Swamp
with Mons sister not Erica Emma I'm just
never Eric no see black one and I think
then they're gonna none knows I may get
a call and may be invited to join them
and man those later are we hmm we're
hoping hoping so otherwise I'm left in
the the empty Internet house a little
one thing about not having internet guys
is that I'm you tend to spend more time
together you know you just kind of sit
together it's like oh there's no
internet let's just cuddle together wait
a book why I get your phone various
and it just texted me the Swan is over
it is time for none knows you decided
said I haven't family Friday kiss to
Erica's over at a friend's house we're
just gonna go okay we're gonna go to the
Black Swan and we're gonna go to Nando's
all right guys I know I know it's pretty
bad news for you guys but I love you
very much I love you very much but you
guys got a minor house okay but I won't
be long
I'm just gonna get a quick nano as a
movie straight back straight back for
some cuddles and someone prompt you time
lonely Tom here talking on my ear oh
poor lonesome cowboy as I have referred
to myself in the previous life you know
pretty darn exciting fernando's nanos
they get half chicken fries no side
orders though it's my time with the peas
in the sweet corn all right straight in
for the hot chicken but some I'm just
gonna go regular just a regular nano
sauce is pretty spicy all by a smell
piece yeah let's Roman half chicken
fries hope there's no cure hook this up
to you guys fingers crossed for no cute
we set right down that's good service
good service with a smile so review Swan
black/gray Swan
scary like what scary like the time that
growl fellas in a cookie jar pan on
Sesame Street
what happened
who ever been here before I'm not
revealing this baby for Nintendo's kind
of food do they do who I might try this
this is a 1/2 chicken the one to a
chicken that sounds good
at this time there the standard gun Oh
right
and this brachot what did you get here
now
Sanders what did I get same would you
get same we're gonna fly our plane
oh yeah we're just singing and which I'm
gonna try and give away it's good to
give you guys know they don't know about
my charities my dairy condition
you need that Oh
Green
what are you getting I will be getting
the white chocolate
join names I would probably attempt to
munch on will be the chocolate Oh
scrumptious chocolate filled senators
between two slabs of chocolate drench
moist chocolate pie
well this is a sandwiched
like a Nutella toasty remember that I
can I used to be a fat so that's what I
want frosty toasty toasty toasty
is it toss T is a toss t + max - I know
dusty
guys I've decided to get a cheesecake I
know everybody I've been so good haven't
I
I deserve it I'm gonna get this one no
you're not gonna get that one because I
don't like white chocolate but this
one's really good
I was getting a chocolate one but
they're all that rock oMG my on points
points snow crowds at all
whoa look at that oasis over there
that's funny
that's a funny lad guys actually fan
look I found a perfect theme for my
wedding make it this guy this is what I
should dress like look I got the fins
yeah
let's fit in in sorrento with that i got
the moustache got the little horse tang
and everything oh yeah how fast can you
do it though
well that's some fancy footwork started
getting tesco put some popcorn can you
get in there oh no squished rice look
that's so ridiculous oh my goodness
gracious
oh you chew all that in the floor we
still have no interprets so a couple of
old filaments on the drive but we
haven't washed yet might give them a
whirl oh no it started the stormy rain
well you know what
we think when you drink each water stop
yeah
no mm-hmm
I am forgiven Deena she's a little
ragamuffin is happy it's gone guys let's
come on crazies
- okay these are offer to wash honey
gumdrops your father
