will you Baikonur
what are you doing hmm huh engage
yourself funny
cuties and funnies I always sleep so
well after I have a good work that day I
know little remedy Ryan's coming out of
me
come on make yourself and totally bring
in the flashy thing again and the coke
I'll bring this just as my cup I'm
totally bringing this again like it's so
much better cause like when you get
there the coffee is like fresh when you
put it in a cup it kind of cools a lot
hi ruff it's a hurry you got me
that's my copy oh that's Wednesday today
guys
last day in the studio this week that
was colour Friday this is kinda like a
Friday Friday afraid of Friday
you can spend the rest of the week where
you guys chilling out the videos doing
the Dodos turns out that our little
Ricky Deeks is coming over tonight I
think Ricky staying with us for like
maybe tonight and maybe tomorrow night I
think they just hang out her friends so
chillax and so our little readings that
I was like oh
so we got an extra member a member of
the extra time Maya got to be behave and
gotten to behave and put it to work and
came a car off the walls like stairs are
my clothes
you know isn't that the reason my people
have children when I was younger when
our parents used to be like forcing us
to like do all the chores in the house I
used to always say when I grow up I'm
gonna have loads of kids and then I'm
gonna like make them do all the chores
so I don't have to do any and I'm tired
if I had kids I wouldn't really push
them through too much because you know I
don't want to be mean but isn't it funny
when you're just like ah but I have my
own little minion I gotta make it work
really really hard okay guys it's
actually but summary today but yet
there's a big great class it's probably
gonna rain it's probably gonna rain but
just call me to tell me that the dinner
fire thing the sunroom thing the light
there was it go do we have on top of the
house that's supposed to eject he's ever
fire or anything but apparently that
just like opened just like completely
opened up and it's starting to actually
rain and stuff so she's calling the
management company to see if they can
actually get it closed or fixed or
something but is that ridiculous whether
you guys ever had one of those opening
window things at the top and have it
like eject opened I wish I was there
it'll be like so cooler the profits top
of the house just like opening I was
like totally freaking out well it's not
funny it's not funny at all it's a
serious situation but hopefully do you
get that sorted we just mean somebody's
got to come out and they gotta fix it
himself whatever I'm just like that's
kind of amused
you know roundabouts kind of way you see
that was pretty quick wasn't it
we're already on the way home although
the traffic as per usual
now Michael did suggest a helicopter
right now I'm considering that
helicopter option Michael except a I do
not own a helicopter B I do not own a
helicopter launchpad thingy bobbins see
I cannot drive a helicopter fly the
helicopter D
I don't really probably think I could
afford to petrol for a helicopter Z ABC
dfgf
a mine if um I think I'd rather at a
comfortable car so it would make the
traffic experience more enjoyable
stoppable it is for bowed and it is for
Biden tis forbade you know I need guys I
need some sort of a tripod that I could
sit in the car would that be totally
cool if I had some sort of like
traveling tripod you know that I feel
like jamming somewhere around here and
that would save me having then I can be
like hands-free blogging that will be
like totes totes for hands-free vlogging
I just really tweak there from X Maria X
sometimes I don't know you guys names
I only know your user names but she
tweeted me - like yesterday in
yesterday's vlog I just randomly showed
a box with a coward because X Maria X
I'm just gonna call Maria I'm just gonna
call Maria but she said she really likes
cows so I saw a cow and I said hey let's
put another cow because she's so nice
she always tweets me nicely and she
always tweets Anna nicely and I like
people that you know that tweet nicely
or people that tweet all the time and
you get to another username you get to
know their little profile picture thing
and some people change their profile
picture and then you get all confused
okay so like did you just say me bit of
warning before you change the profile
picture thanks but X Maria X thanks for
the night's tweets who's this in my
house hostess in my house
he's Rhino girl sandy who's sandy Rock
rhino what what are you taking
oh do you have some cool club that I'm
not involved in some enjoy business you
sandy Rock rhino person that looks like
it's a miracle I know when I see you
guys were having a busy day explain now
why it's no video in the style light a
healthy dish have you prepared for me
wife what's there now 20 celebration 20
years in Ireland
wait to feed her did you not come fed
what's happening at the snip-snip
presents it's happening here no barkis
no party party son's party party
 stars oh my god Glenn Cullen
farm rhubarb yogurts in the world
guys hex
Maria axe oh I was just talking about a
moment ago this is for you
cows into vlogs they say more cows in
the vlogs multiple cows in the vlogs or
super cows oh it's my cow impression I'm
gonna get chicken wings with chicken
kickers with the stripper combo the
kicker combo the garlic mozzarella
cheese the pizza deal I think I might
get the dip I might get the honey and
mustard dip that's all I think that's
all like you know my new diet my new
plan no I'm getting this stripper
stripper ho ho I got the stripper before
I like a good stripper I do okay um so
you jelly jelly jelly ten stripper
combos okay that's Ricky's guy mmm she
brownies no oh no wait just wait just
wait Joseph I got myself the chicken dip
awesome no fries which means yours how
did you buy you the cold water who are
you gonna vote for them Friday I'm gonna
beat you up so much I'm gonna beat you
go grab as many punch Erica
don't drop when pigs fly
just wow now it's like okay
oh now time to see what Special Agent
Gibbs
Special Agent Anthony DiNozzo and
Special Agent McGee
Margaret monkey oh and Ziva she's not
Special Agent she's kind of like a
Probie can you guys watch NCS loves it
I know I hope so much it because it's
like old school but I don't know I can
watch the new one the LA one would but
Cool J but now I know why's that one
all right garlic I don't know I don't
know I just kind of like it also he is
out tonight he was kind of good last
week maybe it's getting better and a
loves B I didn't really like it so much
but now apparently they're supposed to
like we're going to take the fight to
them down it I doubt it every time they
think like there's going to be a big war
or something that let me down that I
mean out big time
there once was a person called Mary crap
to watch lots of new videos so Cheeseman
and dream about a YouTube video this is
a true story
she had no mac makeup makeup you have
all the stuff here that girl guy yeah
you're just putting that out of tune at
this point I know you'll work the head
what is this what is this I'll plant
quite of gee that's not G hey that's not
a that's not be now staffing on see see
you probably Zi give me the thing give
it to me we must go to Tesco
marry pastina and Roxy and I'll be and
pugsy are they coming
oh my god I'm surrounded by two
nincompoops nincompoops you are Linkin
Park thinking poo park come on slowpoke
she's a slowpoke poker coz she's slow
you know Michael Jackson he's a little
white thing he's thinking I'm the
Invisible Man
put your hair back and forth pick your
hair back and forth work your hair back
and forth dancing here
oh snap foolery that's what you get
that's kind of cool massive sure your
mom's friend they don't even know each
other this mom just solving I call it
their best friends forever
what is that and I guess captions feels
what ok I'm choosing okay are you a
trained professional excuse me excuse me
it's not pardon me don't set my trophies
arm each they said one two three and
they both punched me on either side
something's singing is your phone making
there's like this music play like say
hello I'm gonna get a pile of potato
waffles again guys because they were
pretty darn good
there's also look around in the freezer
section see what else I can make it
songs about the baby
I forgot your baby there now the baby
says he looks so I like you too you
drink you think of what colfra well
you're the one who wanted it
put it into the bag of dreams I can't
get it in the bag of dreams when I just
maybe adjust that no oh I need any geez
and he just manages
