totally left my coffee travel cup thing
in studio yesterday not too cold so glad
I did though I've got this and
thermostat oh the last thing that I've
got coffee in that because I can kind
actually drink from that look can check
you know I'm gonna put it in there and
then come over but this morning I was
like you guys informed me last night
no it's kind of like you guys a plug TV
you last night we did this our you know
for about half an hour or something
there's like a live question thing on
formspring and you guys get to ask any
questions you don't know a foreign thing
is you can just go to foreign spring
time you can anonymously or you can tell
them who you are you can honestly just
ask a question and the house one I don't
have one I had one ages ago but everyone
does ask ridiculous questions so I
stopped using it no one's better year
ago but Ana has powered on yes people
just ask those questions with like your
purses okay so how were you there use
that question are you gonna be like what
follow us on Twitter all my friends for
tall tall and they call it to toe I have
I have a twit in my toe I need to use
Twitter
we've never doubled here today you've
got my chicken pass on lunch but luck I
brought some grubs crappy nose crappy
nose with my crazy flask full of coffee
it's like look at its like term Mose is
exactly the same as the thing look it's
like so many levels of luck miss and my
fossa one must stay hydrated yeah yeah I
must stay hydrated
penny someone said this is quite
disgusting okay it's a turn away but
somebody said if you do your pee pees
and it is yellow that means you're
dehydrated and if your pee pees as white
that means you're hydrated so my
challenge every day is I have white
peepees why I am like a skinny me links
though well I'm not skinny my legs yeah
crying getting there says what can't
date a killer workout I might listen to
The Killers while I'm doing my killer
workout
oh yeah tink I should give her bus fare
guys think I should give mommy bus fare
so you can go gallivanting in town what
do you think hmm make it worse some bus
fare so she can galavant
there's your pocket money she's a park
up money don't spend it all at once
you're gonna have to end mdh hmm I love
you family I must I must snort in your
ear it's the official signal of the
buy-ins
it's the official signal of the baiance
month guys come with me
never so cool Charlotte gets the bring
her dog to work I'm slightly jealous she
has an office dog I want an office dog
goodbye family
we'll have to go set myself up first set
it up put it down although all the kids
are off school because it's midterm but
M so there's like no topping in the
roads which is take you out make quick
washes
like you worried that I might have
actually lost it or something oh no this
is like my best friend
you my best friend what would I do
without you in the morning hams but what
I do would have to do the morning I'm
sorry I wouldn't do this inside of it
that's over now since it's all over now
lads so what are you complaining about
guys I was talking to a couple of my
Twitter epic Twitter torian's Twitter :
oh okay I lost it there uh-oh we're
trying to sign like him who to vote for
you know and I was saying this morning
because I was listening to today FM and
there was an interview with the shin
Fame leader which is Jerry Adams and I
know it's very controversial in this
country to support someone like
champagne because people think about the
past and what he's related to you and
whatnot and I just feel that like when I
listen to him speak and actually a lot
of people who actually listen to the
same interview this morning I actually
reacted and said you know what he's
actually quite composed
he's quite passionate about help he's
quite interested in actually making a
difference and I am so sick and tired of
the same people regurgitating the same
promises about the same situation but
they were in government they were part
of the coalition government you know
that was involved in making the
decisions that have caused the problems
that are here right now I just want
somebody that's going to invoke passion
Andrew
you're a you know just like stand up and
say I want to make it different stand up
and say that you are gonna make a
difference rather than just you know
sort of regurgitating the same stuff
over and over and over again you know
even you guys are you know interested in
politics or any if you guys have a
political opinion and you live in
Ireland or even if we don't live in
Ireland and you understand about Irish
politics you know leave me come below
and let me know who you're voting for
because I'm finding it's very very
difficult to decide which candidate I
should actually vote for I just I I woke
up and I was like FINA fall on that
knock and it's never FINA fall I was
like Feeny girl yeah and then I was like
no it's gotta be Labor so I was like
yeah I'll probably go labor you know and
then I went back to Feeny okay because I
was like that's a good strong you know
argument they're making and then you
know listen to champagne I'm like that's
actually really you know he brought up
some good topics and suffered and I'm
like I don't really know who I'm
supposed to vote for because you're very
limited in our choice and I feel that
you know I want to vote for the local
person here but I may not want the
leader of that party to become the prime
minister of this country or a tea shock
you know and I just find it very
difficult to make a decision because
nobody here at the moment is really one
you know it's really showing the passion
the enthusiasm I don't I'm not coming
home and saying oh my god and I heard
this guy in a radio or I saw this guy in
TV and he really made me want to stand
up and be counted for the country but
it's not it's like it's it's just very
difficult at the moment to choose who
we're supposed to vote for you know if
you have an opinion please please please
leave me a comment below and let me know
who you guys are gonna vote for unless
you want to be private about it that's
okay or you know hit me up on Twitter or
Facebook or something cuz I just I'd
like to know someone else's opinion
because I have my opinions and my
opinions obviously are singular to my
own processing taught so if you guys
have utter or if you have inside
information you know let me know because
you know it's coming up but saying like
two or three days until that's actually
voting time by the time this blog comes
up it'll be like two days to vote
time so you know I really want to I want
to make the right decision I really want
to I want to make my vote counted for
the country the time my campaign no
two-bit among schools feel insane
who's this now over here what's going on
here let's go down here yeah let's go
down here
onions to veggie spaghetti bolognaise
for you to be haven did the Tooth Fairy
come early or to for you come tonight
yeah I can put your tune under the
pillow Albie guys I'll be lost the
tutoring today today I think that might
be his last baby dude we're kind of
worried but then someone said to Anna
was this someone on Twitter or then yeah
if you've ever said that that kind of
happens you know what he's about I was
one and a half or two or something
laughs but it's still kind of scary when
you think like Oh expect to walk out
into the darkness tonight and talk I
should finish my sentence before I walk
into the darkness which be rude if I did
not well look what we've got here folks
wowsers was that roasted chunky peppers
on a bed of spaghetti trying to make a
sound all I come dine with me BBC the
British Broadcasting community yeah
interesting that's not there you don't
know what I'm gonna be so fat oh my
goodness
oh no I'm gonna press that cleans you
out of it
let's work out Tuesday anyway work out
Tuesday you guys want to see how his
little titties
haha again a micro shot right hold on
one second
look at this little thingies this is
obvious little teeth this is the way it
works like that's like the tooth part
there that's six down that's like the
gum part or the whatever we call it a
little bit that sticks into the tape oh
I was born of his ass little baby tits
that's a fish little titties oh these
little Tootsie's must keep this one
those last the last of our visit the
baby Taylor maybe it's not the last of
his little Tootsie's oh oh you're a
buttonless but the misty one tonight
guys it's a misty one we'll look at all
the lights out cast is on again
oh look guys here's the camera Kayla
okay I hope you put him in our blood did
you vote for that guy where's the hot
guy there's a little area across the
bridge they any big fuss for nothing
I've kind of grown on me now I make it
more than four
oh really yeah
I'm on a right screen a dream of rice I
bring the drink with your as the
Facebook I said it backwards
let's go we go say to go so maybe I
should like try like walk backwards rent
ask o far backwards man backwards man
possible and backwards woman in the
backwards on backwards woman in Tesco
whoa whoa time yourself there young lady
that's a remove you from the premises
excuse me no baggles whoa flan flan pan
flan oh my God look at these guys
we should go put a cow in the vlog again
someone tweeted me and they were like I
love clothes
cows cows cows cow so I was like we
should put more cows than the vlog we
could organize that I don't know how
we're gonna get more cows being that I'm
dairy-free
he's our serial killer oh my goodness
that takes two minutes Jane then we know
how long it's taking the pasta in the
stove three minutes two minutes
ridiculous who has three minutes waste
in the morning not me mmm they're tasty
jelly beans I wrote a song about Java
game oh I didn't know a song about jelly
babies maybe I need to update the song
about the jelly beans putting on for
twenty or thirty six oh look if it's
faded it means half off because it's
only half the price
cuz it's faded it's gots to be the rule
to be the rule what if I took this right
you put this if you take the jelly bean
we put it here it is now half price you
think that works
oh they'll be kind of cool we could like
drag like multiple objects were in the
store put them under the half-price ting
boom half-price food
you think I'm going to get a - do you
like Tiffin guys Tiffin and Gerry and
Turkish because it's 2 for 250
he's a mighty favour of the collection
it's the Tiffin and the Turkish what is
your favor you like the Tiffin ensure
you're the Tiffin because remind you of
Tiffany's mm-hmm what did you want the
tiffany experience I'll give you the
techniques perhaps
my favorite is Tiffin on the the Turkish
it begins with T could be able to have a
QT difference in Turkish mr. favorite
guys were having operation two Z's given
eMac two-year-old suspend P Rose if it
is all two years no more no less
okay let's actually patch that lot less
no more but less is is founded upon we
smile upon the less two-year-old desert
she can do it you can do it we believe
in you know you've gone straight to the
here I don't know we're gonna get a to Z
here to Museo look you can have a fruit
trifle what do you think of that
you have to them for 250 you could apply
for an overdraft there might be an
overdraft facility available but you'll
have to apply to or 505 get apply for an
overdraft Senate
what's wrong oh nothing just got some
tasty mulch that's perfect
perfection
okay congratulations oh it does give you
75 cents change so you might want to
think about maximizing that 75 cents
unless you can find something for 75
cent
unfortunately I believe that they might
be actually twice your allowance oh it's
got no under sticker
the two year or challenge guys played
the two year challenge or the one year
old challenge for the 50 cent challenge
not many people can do that challenge
I'm liking that do I tell you what I
mean if I got one of them to me for two
days
how would it I can't I just thought of
it there's girls there you know well
yeah okay if you wanna make it to a
two-day commitment before they came you
have to shake on a two-day commitment no
yeah okay
carry on no she's fake - just picking
her choice guys they'll take backs
that's - your challenge normally and in
every second one you just got it isn't
even when I go up when I go up you were
an
they're running an astute evaders any do
not your room that you're Rosie's room
everyone two Sundays when you get home
from your Tesco and your chicken eating
master you might like oh that's a
YouTube video and you know it's another
YouTube video and then it's like it
clarkey it's like Nina's inside having
her two euro delightful little search
and I'm coming in here and I'm like I
don't feel like getting on you today
I just don't feel up to it you know oh
but that's where the joke this willpower
comes in handy you just rip it out Joe
it's willpower one asked me to them so I
asked some forms being yesterday they're
like no time and I was like oh I'm just
always in a good humour and stuff of
that and good goodness goodness and
they're like why why why so I was like
all right they're right I'll make a
video about it so I will make a video on
it your focus channel because whomever
you are because it's completely
anonymous so I've know you you are but
just you know I did not forget I will
make one on a joke as how to be jolly
like jovis that's what I'll name it then
is another day in the bag
got to time it correctly my applause for
all my hard work thank you thank you
thank you thank you thank you thank you
thank you
catch you guys later
