Monday morning so sad and horrible and
it's raining - hmm
mushy clay I love a bit of mushy clay in
the morning let's do some ironing as
well all right these bad boys thinking
of my ironing skills huh oh great a
guy's grade a I am an honour
extraordinaire she guys like Arnie I
like Arnie t-shirt and uncomplicated
trousers these slightly follow to the
rim of complicated with this M it's sort
of thingy on the side of it but shirts
shirts with all their buttons and all
their colors and all their confusion and
sometimes lead to mistakes so teach up
too easy pop down to the run over plus a
ruggedly t-shirt is very acceptable
actually I mean are you just we were on
our t-shirts yeah so no just tractors
I'm not sticking up for Travis I hate
those guys you know Kimberly set it up
order up
just enough left for Nina close the
traffic love the traffic look that's my
little trunk check the time 8:09 all
right it's not so bad come under the
lunches right
it's natural Brazilian and apricots with
macadamia and my stewed Studebaker Oh
like a regular regular Joe off to the
building site with my flask I hope I
hope it's off to work we go blah blah
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah that is so unbelievably unfair
guys I'm sitting in the studio all day
long and I'm watching the Sun the Sun
comes out the skies are blue the clouds
are gone children run in the fields it's
such a beautiful day come across the sky
kills and run and then it is time for me
to leave the studio and it is raining
and the Sun is gone
and is so unfair guys cuz like I watched
it I watched it happen inside and I was
like why are you going son I wasn't to
Baskin you I want to make love to the
son oh crap Rooney's so there's some
sort of an issue up at the tunnel or
something and now there's traffic back
dog like as far as the eye can see
there's never traffic here once I got
past Kinsale I was like woo it's a
smooth ride off but turns out there's no
smooth rider folks oh no no no no no
look it out I can see like all the way
in the distance it is just crawling
along crawling and crawling that is just
not fun I bet you I bet you by the time
I get home someone I've completely
dissipated it will be dark outside
it'll be like December dark outside that
will not be fun that is not fun times no
fun times but bad cloud coverage bad guy
sit sit
actually no way man I don't want the
cloud cover to sit I want the cloud
cover to go to bed go to bed no no no
this is that this is all I've been doing
for the last few hours and we'll move
forward an inch
oh yeah you get your hopes up you get
your hopes up let's see if we can get a
shout out here like get your hopes up
and then you get your hosts dashed hopes
get up and then hope stash at the same
moment think you may have found the
problem folks I think you may have found
the culprit to the traffic problem if
this chap here that's an interesting
place to park maybe he's not maybe he's
just pulled in for a quick nap hit away
it's an interesting spot to pull in
wouldn't you say
well carry on so it doesn't appear to be
raining yet but I'm looking at the sky
his name might just get me before I get
to the door that's what make me really
unhappy wonder what home-cooked meal and
a husband paired for me maybe I'll be in
Zena chipped in
what does my glorious lady friend
prepared cooking away nicely hmm nice
job Reno's nice job Reno's ratios Jabba
Reno's a job Larry Moe you're a CEO
nice healthy salad as well Salado salad
oh no it's a nice juicy fruity a fruity
juicy hmm okay take some skill aren't
the bigger one but I can't decide Oh put
this inside my bum look at these happy
guys happy to be happy to beat noni
echoes be eating toast who likes to
happy to be eating some this looks like
a scrum populace meal scrum tabulous
publish' bansemer that stuff too
I think Cena knows an improv you guys
missed that today you guys missed that a
pack of wild crazy they say
yeah
you guys are hilarious
you guys are hilarious I mean I meet her
let me just can I just have a quick can
we have a quick conversation Cena
how do you feel at this point in time
look if you guys see drill holes all
right
my legs
