of God reads on the Honda my hand of God
see the Honda mother I've got troubles
in the night time troubles in the
daytime too
whoa
when my uncle's got your iPad's and came
back up today yeah I know that somewhere
holidays start tomorrow yeah give me
that last day lasted so fast you do it
give it to me give it to me give it the
right Wow
last day of school guys you can do this
can you believe there's no Amelia and
Eduardo I've done a full year well
Eduardo hasn't exactly done a full year
dearly David's killed because his
birthday in the last words like term so
he did one full term but immediately a
full year of school thank you she is
only just born did you have fun in
school you're home from school what did
you do
yeah yeah in a big cool party yeah did
you play with other boys and girls and
did you have lunch
yeah well that's not moment code but
almost coming today so what do you think
do you want to go to school again did
you like school
oh you got a sticker as well it's fun
oh no I told all my America will be here
for anyone who doesn't know it was
writing right now different things huh
somebody's excited about the last day of
school give it's awesome I wanted to
anymore yeah
it's so good
a kingdom don't be insecure let's go
let's get some breakfast guys
hey come on my kick nothing Rosa it does
much just let's go over there and do a
little twirl see Wow your bow and the
whole thing is mixed together it looks
amazing and yeah would you do me a favor
though would you stop going up so fast
but I am I'm going office angel a big
girl I know but it's happening very fast
but I need to grow like that well I am
your baby's own stake oh you are a big
girl you want to like to talk to you
that for the last day of school all
right why are your under drawer
the eulogize is that yesterday wait a
minute hold on hold on hold on okay Oh
doggy steps on you you did it why are
you
you like the dog Jesus you can stay in
bed all day long if you guys want well
not sure that one this is the fidgets
spinner and competition we're running at
the moment
now I come
as you can see I mean that is been very
well unfortunately Eduardo get stars
have anything for me no stars
one died establish the center was the
wanted item I use that information to
leverage the behavioral management of
the children it's wired oh do you have
something to say to Amelia but I can't
do it
Lillian thing you could do why don't we
give each other a little cuddle okay
because what excuse me what's the most
important thing family and you guys are
best friends and you have to look after
each other
yeah did you want to come over here yeah
guys now you watch right and one of you
wanted to leave me yeah so today is an
important day for mr. delicious
water going to big school a little cool
for babies go to school you're going to
be going to a very shortly but Eduardo
closed today
please psychic not school you're in now
it's very confusing
Wow apparently you guys are in different
school
now it's wired up today is going to
yearning school but he's going to be a
little baby in your new school yeah
Thursday hopefully come into his room
yeah okay and then you're going to be
leaving the scooter in now shortly and
moving a car into a bigger school where
water is going to be for both of you are
going to end up in the same school
why don't we just go are you finally
getting to do this game mister Wow what
wait you finally get to go and then you
don't want to go hey what are you guys
going to do during the summer holidays
where you want to have for breakfast
every day Janus of my holiday we're
going to do every day during the summer
holidays what are you going to miss the
most about your so we go in and all the
other kids are there for their like
first day day you know many teachers
aren't playing stickers and all the kids
and they're breaking them open to all
their different class because they're
going into you know and then one morning
you can see diem and she's come and
interact with your kids you know and in
slowly the room will start an empty a
team over in because I probably Johanna
because she's kind of nervous but
excited when I was like okay and I was
like okay this is just normal she does
this tree days a week like this is just
a normal kind of I conjure over or if I
see you later okay and then I feel
walking Dora
and then I came back into the room and I
went over to the window and I was just
watching her walking away who is a
teacher you know in like in a big school
playground or something I'm surprised
all right emotional like really happy
for her like you fall off
good school but the same time is like
feel like an old girl is like growing up
with of like you know I think everyone
likes it here in motion Eliza problem
oh yeah like she crying well okay I love
me too so much
help me choose my MA
so really I just feel fine yesterday
would be temperamental Eduardo already
against Eduardo oh boy
he was crying there was tears his
emotion is so horrible like he wasn't
screaming no then he was like shivering
as well like when you like hey if I know
why you got to be confident you want
acting like a village it was like
shivering and then then we have to like
sneak outside and he was like crying and
stuff like that
oh my god it's horrible I was horrible
you're going to tell the media all about
your first day of school welcome home
Emilia and again why could a suspect
oh is that the baby and mommy tummy so
yeah once we laughed he was fine yeah
streaming over the picture evidence that
he had a good time did you have fun
today why no such a weird day having
focus time in school like after we drop
them off the school it was like I'm so
like I don't know it's just weird when
you have both your kids in school and
you just like right we've got three
months to live this up that three months
and then we're going to have Rosa bloom
or Janet Anna cuz your photograph of the
kids you have a picture of them
like oh no laughing no laughing do you
have playing school today you didn't
have fun in school today
why didn't you have fun you were crying
even want me to go out but you know
melee goes to school nobody now it's
only a little bit school fun though
isn't it yes it is
I heard you a blowing bubbles when you
ate all your lunch
did you eat all your lunch yes he did
yes you did this Turk what you wanna
come with Daddy a little adventure yeah
I say it's cool why mommy for the last
day here every morning with her pick me
up with alessia's pick me up with Lucia
Anna take photographs of them on their
first day of school and then we just
took a photograph of elastic if you guys
remember doing that when you were a kid
the first days doing your lashes good
and then checking to see the difference
of how much you've grown up herself
I still haven't rolled up
ah thank you my way Oh ah
make way
Oh last day of school probably put the
car in gear ha ha here we go hi recited
guys this is it no more laughter today
September I'm exciting ah
are you excited should be excited so
much good I look cool when that loads of
chocolate cake yeah
Oh
Oh
