morning class you may take your seats
because the vlogedy was about to begin
my mom's just dad texted me she's on her
way up to court today with actually the
son of a teacher I think was hell think
he was one of the teachers when I in
1996 I was involved in this European
exchange program where they tried to get
rid of all the riffraff from Ireland
stick them over in Germany for a while
eventually didn't work out so we had to
come home and kidding but when I was
there and one of the teachers my mom
like she was able to speak German and
she got on and she kept relationship
going whereas I mean not so much of
captivation ships going but here we are
like 12 15 years later somewhere and
she's actually wait one of the sons son
of a teacher and he's all like growing
up and stuff and he said with his
girlfriend and I think he's staying in
my mom says so she was like oh you wanna
come up the courts and he's come up the
cork so I'm uploading the blog and he's
he says 145 minutes oh bugger so I am
going to get my cycle on I'm going to
get my groove on guys I'm gonna remove
all of these things and we're gonna get
this bad boy in to go isn't that right
guys oh yeah we're gonna listen to some
tenacious d i watch this at i watch this
live it's the I think it's the man it's
our master exploder it's and it's a live
one it's something to attend what's
called but anyway I usually watch that
for like 45 hour better that I do that I
want to do is that ask the sums like
that's the tempo increase like I go hard
and do sprints and then it slow down and
sort of level off to do so and then
enough sprint sprint sprint level off
and sprint and I'd like to use to beat
up like the base or the drums was not
right to like keep my momentum going
it's just my little trick it's just my
little trick track every one day I'll do
a live workout session when I be cool
people you guys could work with me
Topher's workout videos that's what I
should do let's move
so mutters completely lost in the car
park somewhere I must go find there
that's what mothers do they get lost in
car parks Anna's mother was born in
Germany right yeah yeah that's why these
guys haven't they have an oh ma girl
he's the boy she's not like I came to
talk to you first
Jesus he was always a nervous
disposition she was what do you need
that's what I yeah yeah so where's my
presence well you got your Christmas
present for is it oh thanks
that was yours
well this that's from the food I know of
the game will be taking this back from
what Oh spaghetti
you know you can hold it and you can
push into all the different shapes that
would be a click-clack
nice I want them know if you know some
mothers booking the hotel for the
wedding
yeah you're complicated just if you have
any special requests they'll be stopped
these windows probably open one of your
Stinky's mm-hmm why are you staying you
know an hour in a villa some is it
how'd you get it up top well that's nice
actually it's really thin this is the
one I have I never thought I would
all right yeah we got an apartment
because it's easier we can cash out and
we are independently independent ladies
taking burn bones I've never been to
this none knows before have you never
done though I got the chicken in the
corn look at Miss goody teach with her
vegetable wrap hmm what did mother again
oh yeah my father like son or mother
like son more more than likely like son
like murder but never ended up here some
some thingy some big yellows that you
think you know I think well that'll be
shifted over that way that's our water
didn't buy p.m. to self-service man
knows
not so much this is the same price she
described this then that's 40 euros oh
yeah no box though my mother likes our
coffee machine
once again our olive there's that one
yeah why'd you only want the grinder
though so now I want the machine to
believe all the way yeah could you put
the thing in there you grind you grind
it Gordon no goodness no good more than
that
Oh an ice-cream maker
Wow I have one of these I gave it to
really oh my god it's like a toy it's
lovely
little thing yeah I wanna like that when
then you slot the singing come on little
tiny small baby
mmm I could make you could make multiple
bagels
I mean bagels you could make at the same
time going to mama solids to get some
tea and cake mother mother left hoof
but we have to rush guys because we got
to be back to collect the Germans
because the Germans don't like them
relate to a different one
not our one this one it's a ten hundy
everybody jump boat jumping with you if
you go around she's gonna rewrite your
are you come around here boy time to go
I'm on the right side for all the
American people look I'm driving on the
right side doctor to do I have my
potential
oh they're locked gone drive up here
okay keep going keep going little open
it'll open it opened this is what it's
like advice beer I cook my gears put it
into gear I'm at chasing real discs are
prolly inside they be out by now
come on boy
hello I'm here for some cake like to
keep an eye on my pond
oh goodness it's so filled in isn't it
guys got filled in it is Cena do not
fall into the pond please you should
have kind of crazy dog that runs into
ponds by accident
okay guys I'm gonna go in I'm gonna go
back home Cena Cena
come on guys let's go back inside and
let's get some kicked oh did you get the
job you keep any design yeah we wait the
musical yes any design Megan thank you
nice car Oh Samantha cake look at
Erica's new pond Isaac oh no what am i
done broken it just you just kind of
broke it to Morse is it right yeah I
over broke it ah that's good you should
check the comments l see all the
comments no left you what this
educational program we're watching here
teen cribs priciest pads that looks nice
don't that house I'll be yeah sorry
sorry man sorry dude but you're gonna
stay with us for a midterm rent you know
what I thought don't worry you said last
night that you gonna stay for winter did
you want to stay Tuesday night
you want to stay tonight and wake up
that morning and then go sounds like a
plan
that's the plan guys who've organized
stuff we're organizers Oh
are you moving in we have to go you have
to go folks time to let the children out
have you guys gonna behave yourselves
huh huh one at a time
well I wasn't one at a time goodness
they go so fast something a little boys
go peepee
that was in my hair what's wrong cry
baby cry baby cry baby New York baby
York what are those tears for huh your
dad the Train
no no but I won't betray you
yeah well you better not give me the
handshake open on betrayal you know you
won't be so confident like that maybe I
will maybe I will just to prove you
wrong besides funny pesto is kind of
empty but it's a little messy isn't it
we're not somewhere here now it looks
like totally messy in comparison you
thinking a raisin zone
where did we get to last looks
always that in the house shop see that's
why I stopped up and stopped up in the
house and I bought like tons and tons of
stuff started always have with their cuz
the munch guys the munch needs to be
controlled
well to a certain extent I'm probably
gonna buy some chocolate Oh clapping
Easter may be crazy to buy an easter egg
we just think it'd be like a very Easter
of me like festive can all about the
festive
be nice no no it's about the festive
spirit her professors yeah but like I'm
trying to bring you the festive spirit
of life I think I'll be cool Dennis the
Menace thinks it would be cool
