sometimes I wake up in the morning and I
walk into this room and I think to
myself I think Ana is the most beautiful
woman in the whole entire world that's
what I think
he looks so hot it's so super beautiful
do you ever think that about me yes how
do you wanna say no we were just
discussing the difference between men
and women there it turns out that guys
don't tend to push it as much as women
do because you know and you're like
messing with someone and you're like
alright this that and I always get to a
certain point and I won't go because I
don't know but I don't like just runs me
over and just keeps on driving home
until I'm like in tears and crying and I
get emotionally upset I'm a sexy guys I
get emotionally sensitive okay you laugh
at that you take advantage of my
weaknesses I was just saying like are
you really in here I can tell you're
rheostat every other site cuz I said all
these things and you it like stopped
mm-hmm and I always have and they always
stop first anyway I'm off to the Popo
guys you guys want to come along to the
Popo box Perrineau they have moved I
gave him a little tinkle Bell and they
said to me sir we have moves they
finally moved so he interested to see
where this new place is and to see if we
can actually park outside because if we
cannot it's going to be troublesome plus
there might be some new additions if
there are new additions unless it is
that size or dis size here don't know if
you hear mmm once we put a colossus area
here but i don't upset lower classes we
can start expanding out this way or
something I don't know give me a
suggestion Xena do you have a suggestion
suggestion hmm guess not Oh No
Johnson's just going to get our stuff
from the few bucks and it's moved so
it's got like I don't know if you can
see that can you see it says mailboxes
etc and we're in a completely illegal
spot right now that's why I'm I'm in
here
look see that big X right there
that means no working and it says clear
way so we're not really allowed to park
here but I'm waiting in the car and I
can't drive so I always have this excuse
like if any policeman or anybody comes
over he's like excuse me you need to
move your car I have an excuse because I
can't drive so that's what I'm gonna use
if somebody comes over so yeah oh he's
not ready back huh that was quick yes
very small I know it does some here like
it and another day now I'll bring you to
get Oh wrong for you that is from
molesky
open them what I mean that's my mom oh
my god that's my peel what's so funny
this is from Pulaski Oh would you
describe her name I gotta I know I get
that
Oh Twitter Facebook that's really nice
right what does that mean birthday I'm
gonna guess it's happy birthday I was
thinking like there's a rascal because
it looks like that's your birthday this
is cool I'm not gonna open it fun so
turns out a guitar just went ahead and
explained to me what the card mean was
it lots of happiness she faked the hit
that her puppies are Agatha you're
asking how would I know
chests jin da-rae how would I know
chests and I'll break because when I
went to university in Cork when I left
home and moved down to university I had
no money I had no friends I had
absolutely nothing I found this like
really really small tiny bedroom you
remember it was like it was pretty much
a bed in a box so in order to pay for my
bed in the box
I couldn't get a job anywhere even with
all the experience I had people just
wanted and people were retailing
experience and stuff like that so I
decided to go ahead and work in Tesco
and while I was working in Tesco pretty
much all the employees at the time were
polish so you know I got to know them
and then every day I'd be like oh how do
you guys say hello and stuff I got and
they're like oh you say chest and abre
and stuff so I was like all right that's
pretty cool and that's how I ended up
learning how to speak a small bit of
Polish well
Tesco teaches your languages this is
definitely not my idea this is not my
idea of a fun day in court
nope no it is not are you having a fun
day in court
we did all this bracket huh
oh goodness are you who are you why are
you in court today in the rain roaming
around in the ring why are you quanto
seriously
I won't wearing a new one over CC go
okay now I'm going to go you had your
chance you blew it my problem I think I
got AC mail then I get an email from a
shemale trying to work out what we got a
make for family Friday and we're
thinking a pasta with salmon tagging the
telly with salmon attack admittedly I
got to take editor Kelly I got to tell
you what my pastor is some salmon and
then what are we got your trying to
think what we're gonna do for the creamy
white sauce that goes with it no I don't
want some parts meat sauce it's got to
be like cheesy and creamy just with no
dairy cheesy and creamy just just nice
yeah so Anna is trying to look up a
recipe is that we gotta we gotta put all
our shopping in that other thing is that
the cover for the bag
oh we intend to go to Tesco if you can
see it there between all the raindrops
but my head that doesn't mean that my
heart is dead cuz I never gonna cry go
cry now right there's a plan of action
guys and one of you guys will head
downstairs and pick me up a couple of
bikes of those low saturated sesame seed
thingy sticks that will be awesome and I
will meet you back here
to get you need salmon we need to couple
some more salmon
well it's vegan cream vegan cream some
vegan cream some actually Joe up scrap
that make it at your house pop over
tonight and serve it to us they'll
probably be better idea come join with
the ciccone Jolie's when I say you're
here you're teaching everyone the song
no it wasn't that sound was on the
recorder which I've got to explain she
just will wrap the guys with juice
saturated sticks to just I don't know I
don't know if they taste the exact same
as the other ones but I'll be somewhat
fed up for that
I know people make that tonight just get
everyone a box of that vegan Peter I
have a freezer section there but they
probably have everything you need
it's flour no I think we should try in
the Tesco area you'll probably find
meals and stuff like sauces and stuff
are you resting Lucas mild extra
vegetable oil egg free mayonnaise
licorice which
now you see I reckon they probably have
some see they have some sauces here look
nothing so we're gonna make
more to the point what's Anna going to
make I play my place that should like a
man should not tag Natalia's in your
sort of Bert right one must always have
tag Natali cycle eternally got the best
one
oh look at the big ones their finest
range look at that free range egg oh is
it
no I know chickens were harmed in the
making of this pasta but stay locally
nicer let's go that yeah
present
oh I think that's an Italian shop I know
what you're thinking of cook
technically in a box now he doesn't know
where wash
authentic oh it's authentic wow it's
really really Italian super extra
Italian how about this one you think
there's enough for all of us in there
mm-hmm
how much is that like it's huge tree
kilograms
a lot of pasta this one has no agonist
yeah probably better one dance
totes some service salmon and then some
sort of a sauce
Oh
oh yeah hold on No
which kept a polonaise like a very loyal
what about a carbonara well no no
carbonara no no what would you get if
you had a few Maxie that there any milk
one down there take this big monster
something like that oh my God look at
that
Belden chocolate no Madagascar egg cuz I
don't like chocolate but I like white
chocolate don't you get a cup with the
Smarties whoa okay see I like the egg
I'm more about the egg not the insides
I don't care for what's inside it
because he gives care for what's inside
it because I just like normal self
I think we will beginning Erica this one
here hello kitty hello kitty
after each rule AMA penis
it will kind of cop to get to that now
the smarty cup looks good yeah like this
Monica put again there
we're all given cups this year
but that for me I want maximum egg
sausage don't care about the insides
don't care about the tour don't care
about the box don't care about anything
else
I don't want maximum egg it's the
biggest day you should find would you
guys fare big eggs no insides little
eggs loads of puzzles
making a bagel for you and me well not
for you for me mm-hmm hey guys some
fishy fishies made me some fishy fishy
the other thing that I put my macro
that's right
pesto same thing I put in my macro every
day cuz I'm like I'm a simple eater I
like the simple things yeah it's broken
don't slop the girls up do cooking look
Xena its rugby hit the snare there I
mean both have called rugby but Rebecca
from see you in Sweden who's on our
subscriber wall she has an answer called
grumpy and it sure looks like rugby but
it's not and the guys wearing the same
how does Jonathan okay I need to stop
filming people I don't know oh yeah so
see Nana nice being that were girls and
all that are gonna cook tonight actually
just me she's my mom's coming over for
family Friday my mom is one of my
sisters cuz my other sister was a
traitor I'm just going like our friends
tonight we're just totally unacceptable
for a 19 year old to do that okay this
is prana disgusting sorry
I hate we put you on blogs or on camera
our name is disgusting so I'm really
sorry but there woody chewy so in fact
mangoes so once again as I always do for
family Friday I'm gonna be making an
exotic any wild different meal Joe's
have a Mayport my friend Rebecca not
Rebecca it's you in Sweden another
friend Rebecca whom I've actually met in
real life many times we again we went to
school together she wants to buy my book
that's really nice for anyway so well as
I was saying I'm gonna be cooking
something widely original and different
I never noticed all right fridge doesn't
have a light all right where's the Oh
Johnson like hit the Sun Oh weirdo
anyway what are you making pasta oh my
god all right my mom's coming now
Jonathan I think your smoothie is
leaking I think your smoothie is leaking
yeah
because I can actually smell it yeah
it's leaking gonna you don't know just
put my hand in like the this is coverage
the smoked salmon is cover you're not
need to break it to you know my hand
smells like it looks not smell like I'm
sure smell like to everyone everyone is
both out freak of nature
oh my god okay yeah and then you're
gonna Burt Oh Wally yeah doesn't matter
mine didn't say anything but um
Jonathan's like you're not supposed to
be in this log this is supposed to be a
girlish is empty why is it in here
anywhere okay not smell mine goes
mangoes eating mine good to know did you
not put two and two together that you
think my smoothie is leaking because of
this I do not think that this Riblet was
caused because my smoothie is leaking it
was leaking to be morning recharge
monkey brain
that's war so it turns out my sister
action might be coming because I don't
know if you can even tell probably not
but it's like peeing raining outside
it's gross it's like disgusting whether
it's oh I don't know if I even said did
I even say what I was making
can't remember I'm making pasta surprise
surprise
but I love pasta and you know I like
cooking pasta my making pasta with
salmon and also because we're both kind
of like dairy-free and everything I'm
gonna try it with goats cheese instead I
feel like I'm putting goat shoots
everything but I'm gonna do it with
goats cheese instead of cream because I
really don't want to use any dairy
because Jonathan II will just end up
killing me and hating me so yeah that's
what I'm doing and I'm gonna do it with
some onion some garlic Dale black pepper
I think that's better yeah so hopefully
it'll go well oh and some parmesan - I
know that's technically dairy but don't
tell John I don't think Partizan is so
bad for him plus it's good partners in
itself you know um but yeah that's what
I'm doing and I'm just boiling the pasta
water and that's my new pot that my mom
got me because she my last one well it's
not even the last one it's this one but
it kept like burning at the bottom
because we don't we didn't have a big
enough pot and everything was sticking
every time we had people over cuz we had
just didn't have enough pot so yeah
Cena's right there Alois probably
waiting at the door it's me yeah he
knows that his OMA is coming so he's
excited get a new phone do you love your
new phone what's a college and Samsung
back yeah the GT 50 what is it called
the Samsung Galaxy what yup guys zero
but and you guys got any Samsung Galaxy
over what kind of back did you get you
can
change back what you can change your
back yeah and you can install software
Android
yeah it's an Android and what else is it
was the entertain eco Cornish smartphone
smartphone Android Android applications
application for games audience let me
comment if there's any music apps music
I'm 15 hello Aaron check my phone to
turn it off
I'm getting a fantastic pilot right here
oh that's ok and that's a Annette
downloading that item do you love it
Xena
Erica downloaded an application for her
ok it is a candle like what do you have
to blow into my car
with oh no where's the mic I can't put
them maybe that's why it's an app
because it's really hard guys wait
oh yeah read the instructions I had to
blow up you can no no no cuz the
microphone clearly is series that's
where you talked to the parent like this
you know I'm just talking to my candle
oh I did it
did I do it know what too complicated
okay okay go to dinner yeah yeah it's
okay
alright it's got a pizza shop do you
want a French Italian German forty why
you zoomed in so much because you can't
see your peculiar play see I can't see
on the site no but you can't zoom in too
much because then you would think that
I'm copywriting some game exactly
exactly exactly that's what I was saying
may not do you understand you see like
there's no game it's just about you see
this is the same to be anyway back to me
like start getting what I owe go
that you could actually use them well
you forgot to tell me that you can
actually use them as well go loading
loading frame here we go here we go we
can't see
what do you do oh we've got time to play
oh yeah we're we're busy running a
pizzeria people understand the stress of
running a pizzeria
who's that chap this is taking too long
thinking too long guys I was just
waiting tearing a couple of your
comments and you were like oh my god I'm
so annoyed when why didn't you how come
you guys don't announce about blogtv
anymore and I missed the last nine so
Anna just decided to impromptu oligo on
blogtv last night and she was on exactly
a tacky you guys right follow us on
Twitter follow like Twitter comm four
strokes on essentially a fourth row of
Anna Saucony right my Twitter link is
down below or go ahead and subscribe to
us on blogtv and if we go ahead and
sometimes about any decision Anna was
just like I was cleaners PlayStation she
was like I'm just gonna go on blogtv
boom and then anyway that is subscribed
to our blog TV channel which I think if
you just like I think you go through the
channel it's somewhere around the side
or something you press subscribe and
then you get an email sent if we start
if we press record or not record if we
started a show or obviously follow us on
Twitter and obviously I'll say if I'm on
twitter I'm always going to say that all
we're thinking then going on blogtv or
taking to do that or generally if you
follow us on Twitter you'll find out
pretty much whenever we're doing
anything we always talk about it on
Twitter like I always talk about like if
things happen today I'll talk about on a
Twitter and then in tomorrow's vlog
you're gonna go and see whatever it was
that I was talking about you know that's
just the easiest way and the best way to
you know keep up with the busy schedule
joining me and I Tut's tell okay guys
the game is afoot my tutor companions
here okay guys here's the plan we have
got to find mommy okay you know mommy is
where's mommy guys where's mommy you
ready let's go find mom where's mom
where's mom where's mom where's mommy
where's mommy guys okay okay
oh no oh no come on come on
there's man here's my hobby where's
mommy
where's mommy
crazy boy where is she guys
that's right there's mommy no she's not
over there
oh boy
get Miami oh geez my doesn't understand
you see him be like leaped he leaped up
and cries like jumped up anything like
okay where's dad where's dad where's
Danny
oh you look he looked in the normal
blades yeah do it again
dad dad
anyway I'll be in your men in red I'll
be anywhere right in your bed in your
bed good boy you go back in bed anyway
yay good boy you'll found everybody and
you helped he's like she's looking for
his
