do you guys have a lawn 14 pounds I seem
to have lost 14 pounds I can't seem to
find 14 pounds anywhere because I appear
to have lost 14 pounds oh you like this
little boy turns 14 pounds that is not a
whole stone wow I am wasting away
so like bouncing and you were taking you
like proud of me
Rajjo Faso said a joke miss the job is
routine exercise plan is working
sign up today and if you sign up now hey
will trow in two doggies whoa it is a
Thursday morning
it is like five ten we're having some
coffee coffees are they're gonna have
some smoothies putting on a head to the
Popo Bob's I gotta edit up the video I
made at these two little munchkins if
you haven't seen me I go to their
channel I'll beat them all teas go to my
channel check down the bottom in a mid
section links Thanks it's a good day
good nutrition one I think he may be had
at making healthy salad or something I
think a healthy salad yeah guys so
Friday it's gonna be like a foodie one
so what do you guys want to see what do
you guys want to see here's some don't
give me them because I wanted that and
you guys would like to see last night we
don't put three hours because like
anyway no we didn't lets great but no
you know it's like a week we told
everyone so if your dad last night we
told everyone all about like the wedding
drama story and what's been going on
with like my family and now more like
travel like counseling sexing yeah
because we didn't actually we didn't
even record it guys we never pressed
record for the entire three-hour session
yeah so it's like if you're hardcore
enough to be there
totes leave me a comment oh I'm gonna be
like hardcore you got
or if you want our enough to be there I
was just saving your video there right
and always I sequentially name them so
that when we're uploading them it's easy
to remember right I just oh I just
finished rendering two four nine that
means that today's vlog is they two
hundred and fifty 250 days it's like a
quarter of a thousand that's like insane
250 days Alvey you believe it two
hundred and fifty days we've been in
this war that's crazy C Mo's isn't it
isn't it that's a hundred and ten days
in a hundred and ten days we have
actually done an entire year why what is
your major malfunction
hey okay so two things kids
oh goodness goodness I made it turn on
the trick is you just press every single
button until it turns on that's C and
make the oven turn on that's how you do
it hello James and James miss a
gentleman time of the gentleman
continues first thing to do is get your
potato waffles and get yourself trained
for potato waffles
like so for oh no no I think I'm gonna
increase the value because when a man
leaves a man munch man needs a manly
munch take the bird's-eye potato waffles
and place them into the best tiling oven
like so and close it up
about 180 next in your news you need to
sing a song
we're not there out so well Stars hell
freezes it always hard to church the
midway clip you know you don't want to
do the midway flip to Airy but then you
don't want to do them in very flip too
late so I kind of look for evidence and
look for their Brown evidence that's how
you know that's how you know it's time
for the midway flip and get yourself a
flipper Oney what's known as a spatula
give it a flipper oh nice and continued
for all of the you guys like my song
wasn't it and creamy crispy a song let's
make you testy and participants all
right and your pop fellas and I will see
you guys on the neck fliped side where
there's no flip side it's just the end I
should probably put these back in
otherwise they're going to go all moldy
yeah whoo crispy and fluffier every time
so crispy and fluffier every time does
that mean that the next time I make them
we're gonna actually be crispier and
fluffier so what if I just like start
making these now like is it every time I
make them they become crispy on fluffier
that's kind of weird how does that work
and they design how many scientists
design things to allow for a more crispy
and fluffier affair
well hello Gentiles
oh no no no who you guys on blogtv last
night you guys on TV last night oh yeah
guess it's you funny you guys are too
funny back in the chair oh look how
crispy and brown they are Latino you're
into a winner guys crispy and brown now
let's take crispy and brown oh look
there they spider cross no grease no
fatty fatty bum bum potato nice and I
know you guys in America might be
thinking like what their waffles they're
not like waffles like pancake waffles so
you getting like a waffle house their
waffles that are made out of birthday
potato waffles
they're made out of potatoes that are
actually pretty good for you they are
trust me I know these things
slim chauffeur's out so turns hasn't
seen it is trying to steal out of this
harness
Oh
luck has sapiens up in earnest I bet you
seen this part just gonna run straight
into that oh look the goal postings
there
I hope those boys on here again guys I
really mean last time Xena
thank you already notice because I'm
double tied the naughty thing on them
just to keep them like we just spotted a
dose Tina got afraid she know what
happened look at this right obviously to
us I'm gonna run I'm gonna jump over to
water right but I don't know but you
know party run no fear Oh
- and trap and adventures
uh-huh get Alby hmm Alby
you guys are crazy mm-hmm
I could see that she's soaking it's like
the tree adventure mm-hmm this is
grapefruit notes runaround that's great
about this area but this big green area
that's usually quite empty which is
really really good for them because I
can just run around look we don't even
have to leave this area we just kind of
pants up and down did you try and lick
my camera lens did you just try and lick
my camera lens you did just lick my
camera lens it's all fuzzy now look at
you Xena look at you you saw something
red you're like a little ratatouille oh
you're also super cute
sorry guys
cancel that closed down production on
the impromptu time of being an old
unknowing prompt you
we've been distant from Jude what's
what's there what's wrong you guys lose
any numbers sometimes like you mean I
think of myself could I like dropkick
Cena Matt Stairs and you guys did I get
any of you did I get anyone anyone time
for a moment I'm gonna make myself a
little joke be knows cuz normally during
the day coffee man would come coffee man
did not come to my home so I'm gonna
make a little coffee plus animate these
like amazing remember these like cookie
things that you made there on the vlog
ladies and we're all like video gonna
style a tomorrow but you know what guys
I'm uploading dis tomorrow so you don't
even hate to wait just it's there get
your greedy ins cook yourself up some
cookies come back here leave me
commenters and said I went to the style
I I baked the cookies
Topher's they are totes they are totes I
have made a rational decision check that
link open my heart open-heart surgery
takeout devolves but work the open-heart
surgery close it back over I'm going to
take these
we put them in my pocket we're not gonna
tell anybody about that transition oh no
no no no no no that's between you and me
diet great I think about Babel oh it is
in the bagging slicer guys you know
we've done right we've gone ahead and
put the bagels in the fridge overnight
so I'm gonna store the papers in the
fridge and now what should happen boom
perfec those it doesn't get all mushy
mushy cuz it wasn't the plate there's
nothing wrong with to play a few more
sentence sharpen the blade but it's this
new recipe that they're using which is
fine it makes it nice and mushy but
because we toast them and the machinist
doesn't really matter so much because
they're gonna be moist you have to be
toasted anyway so prep them in there
still the thing
there's a man walking in the road he is
having a good time at it because reading
text messages just laughing himself
come to think of it people probably look
at me as I'm walking around talking to
my little silver device hello my little
silver device smoked mackerel is my new
obsession it's some wild rocket pesto
this is my collection this is my
collection of food oohs to put into my
boggle what is your favorite thing to
put into our boggle and you should end
up with something right dears see the
mackerel on top with the pesto
underneath does not look finger licking
good take your order bagel size and just
like smash it down a little bit chop it
in half and it is ready to be Tom Tom
yum yum in my tum tum tum I said in my
tongue
what's that I like this edition thanks
killer
now what main but this vlog is not this
video is not about about that hair those
is this the official is this the
official stance they have to make while
actually straightening your hair okay
right to do it again when everyone
straighten your hair your foot ya goes
forward lean on me see I like them it's
kind of fun like sticking back get out
of your head like that nothing I'm gonna
do like a unicorn oh I like it
the Unicorn
oh yeah tease it tease it tease know
what else
alright well go cook me some cookies
well actually Jenny can you bake cookies
coz they're baked in the oven and stuff
so bake me some cookies woman
and if you want me to do any more
healthy like vegetarian or vegan recipes
then on video then just let me know
because I wasn't really sure what gives
you this time but you know where should
you it was kind of between a solid
reason a sweet and behind the scene you
guys - in a second I'm not gonna eat
some good Oh
go try something crazy guys we're gonna
call nine notes I'm gonna get a
collection order so calling the Nando's
for three five zero nine zero zero
that's the review guys want to call
Nando's none of us because the only
downside to Nando's is the queuing and
the waiting you know so this way this
way we can get the food hop into bed
watch you fill them and eat the nun
knows that to me sounds like a better
deal what do you guys think
let's say I wish does not speakerphone
cuz I actually go none for you but these
cheapo air con phones don't have speaker
phones I just thought of something
really really funny you know what
Nando's could have to advertise they're
like take away taking that chicken home
for some polity time alone I'm taking
the chicken home but supply the time
alone where I got my parrot parrot sauce
got my parrot or a sauce do you want a
hot spicy one apart
I'm not alone with my pan on the phone
thinking of you till it hurts you know
the name of that song I will I will give
you this hair haha that's anole you guys
gonna mine the house yeah go in the
house in Tibet in Tibet in the back in
the back in Tibet I'll be in the bed in
Tibet in to bed
that's not a little disobedience she's
dying for now who wants to get into that
in a bed in the bed into bed oh you have
to get into bed in a bed scene up good
scene I got into bed I'll be when you
get into your bed go boy okay guys minor
house yeah I get first okay guys when
the house what are you doing giving him
more Mike I see work guys I managed to
get a spot it doesn't exist because look
they're all blocking this one parking
spot so I managed to get the one there
that doesn't exist doesn't that super
awesome with me that's a super awesome I
am guys so took away Nando's
experience or we're holding hands I mean
more crazy or hip I wonder what calling
me yeah I think we're a little bit areas
they the solution may not actually be
here no Colleen guys one time we're not
actually here there's like no queue here
whatsoever it's not so ridiculous so we
got our stuff plus to go is like super
nice and she gave us all to extra stuff
which is like totes jokes
I don't you gave the extra chicken or
extra fries I don't know what you chew
an extra bagging feel we gotta get
serious and I know speech knocking on
the back makes look like a serious feast
no nose chicken chicken who knows one
player play you guys in which one right
to close
so we do to do to practice I'm beating
on the fries hello
yeah choo-choo it's you've got like a
million fries now a manly meal a meal
for manly men oh yeah half chicken two
quarter chickens fries catsup what a
party is only just begun
