you ever know Jumma hearing a random
songs and stuck in your head it's in my
head today folks
hey random hero song dirty wash 65 for
the little one hmm
no she get 65 you get 80 65 pieces
Junichi horrify big Oh 66 pieces tonight
well I don't mind she didn't get it she
gets everything she's a go-getter
my daughter's a go-getter so I just
found out that yesterday the ability and
capacity to like favorite and comment on
my video was something of a cup we so
yeah Michael just Ted need mean and it's
like I did so I was unable to comment
text blank video or even favorite it so
I think you guys should like double like
double favorite jumper common today I
don't need you don't like your double
favorite something but you can double
combat okay so for e for a like and a
favorite I'll give you I'll give you one
comment for like at one common I was
just a favorite a common work these days
all right so in a comment with a minimum
of I think like ten words ten words is
like it's like I like I think I like is
right about ten words I have favorite oh
my goodness
how much is a favorite were like 20
words so I need your average comment
she's like 5 to 10 so I'd like a 40 word
I want a 40 word essay from you guys I
said why you did not comment like and
favorite my video yesterday and guys
this will be this will be greater this
is going towards your final year grade
oh yeah this is really important this is
this is going to be your deciding factor
if you get into the trophy's university
oh yeah joke fish university i'm
thinking of setting that up we're gonna
have some really interesting subjects
the yeah you know the and repeal article
discovery of chocolate oh yeah biology
of bagel slicing the crisp cretaceous
period of javis John Fossey oh I'm I'm
sorry girls gonna be history and it's
gonna be like it's down it's gonna be on
guys it's gonna be like the best college
education we've ever had but you know we
don't believe in like points and leaving
certs and that kind of a grading system
we like these are grading system based
on our on our essay format which will be
available in the comments this evening
in this video as a matter of fact so
they'll be great a lot to be scanned for
plagiarism so don't be don't be using
Wikipedia to give yourself a answer but
it is really important essay which we
control the rest of your life the rest
of your life will be a controllers
that's what he always said in school
isn't it was like now I don't want to
put any pressure on you kids but if you
don't you well if you're going to be
homeless
I don't know water beholders my
billy-bob perish
maybe other matters are homeless they
just choose to sleep in a tent
half-dollars its food fresh huh goes
fresh out booyah but that's not that's
not dilly-dally here let's not move away
from the important important that I say
that you guys have you got homework
ah oh we're gonna vlog ADIZ and it'll be
great and if you guys and also we're
gonna do Roker we're gonna start
introducing a row huh yeah that's like I
call it a neighbor's like on shop all
right let me just take out the list I
should we're going to print out the list
of subscribers right and then I should
like call it everyone's name and you put
a little unsure or whatever the
equivalent is for other people that
don't speak Irish whatever really funny
like in your okok and then you gotta
know you have to get your journal signed
I love Fridays it's Friday or Friday is
out of Wednesday's these lenses like
Fridays and Wednesday means I have four
days which is you and me Annina and
Albie and Cena oh yeah loves it oh yeah
did you ever notice that the day the
vlogs that you guys watched for like
cheese day Wednesday Thursday blogs cuz
I mean I have to go to work like in the
studio on Monday Tuesday and Wednesday
therefore those days the vlogs are
always like they're kind of short or not
much really happens because you know the
entire middle of the day I have to go in
and do this crap like and and pray tell
today it was not very good because I
think people are finally realize that I
do the daily vlogs you know it's like we
this is like I suppose it's kind of like
year six the success of like us becoming
kind of popular and known and stuff he's
kind of backfiring ever so slightly
ironic but it's alright it's alright
guys cuz I trait is weak and maybe maybe
someday in the near future I could do
this all the time
be supercool we have like 30 min of blog
today well okay we're not turning into
vlogs every day but like super exciting
super cool vlogs every day or it
wouldn't be like hidden away in a
Batcave but I feel like but now it's
Wednesday afternoon and I'm like
I know some out somehow in my little
girlie laughs well I wasn't until after
office it was more of a scream scream
for you love people are looking at me
finally
excuse me coming true I'm going home I
am free ha ha oh wait a minute
my freedom must be put on hiatus
who's got the remote control for this
one
Oh guys I'm so happy
hangout ourselves some fun
the green man
I must hold on tight said to get some
birds up potato waffles apparently
they're what leave versatile now I don't
know what defines a versatile waffle but
apparently so
birds are potatoes are versatile do to
live in a world where only raisins or
sultanas what would you pick raisins or
sultanas I definitely would pick
sultanas like raisins are nice enough
but sultanas are like much bigger and
they're much juicier I just think
generally there are tastier treat what
do you guys think raisins or sultanas I
put that there I appreciate me did you
tell your loved one that you appreciate
them today come here embrace me loved
one loved one what's your favorite
flavor of jelly babies I do quite enjoy
the green ones well when you get jelly
baby do you um like bite the heads off
or do you like touch there
how do you eat your jelly baby do you
like the jelly babies watch your
favorite color do you like the black
ones
or is it yellow I once knew a jelly baby
I once chewed it right made me feel just
alright was my favorite
like the black ones order
one
Nigella babies like jelly babies
sitting by myself at night time go Leo's
right time
just me and my jelly
there's all my myself
hello I'm jelly baby won't you eat me
head off I'm Jim baby would you bite my
head off
what's your favorite color
I was just doing some filming there with
the teeny little rough thickens huh -
the rough the Kingsford air channel you
guys been asking for more videos with
the two little replicants they have
haven't they
you look awfully snugly in there are you
are you tired of me tired of my lies
mm-hmm let's see what you look like in
the Good King doesn't doesn't practice
me oh thank you can't actually
I see you look like an HD camera yeah
couple of shows that is lies that is a
filthy lie well just as I was doing blog
TV without me
were you dare last night are you dare
last night
what come here now
oh there Batman Cup are we talking about
me yeah
how's she talking about me how much is
she talking about me
who's there I almost beat you envious
huh did you little fecker Jonathan was
like bet you can't beat me in oh they're
shooting up now I'm here I know they're
going down are you recording this are
you recording this
why did you press record it just
recorded through the channel guys do you
think you should record this but I talk
too much
no I meant datablocks say hello dad said
I can't focus in on you oh you just made
my views go way down oh no I'm so sorry
guys go play Oh judy judy so rude
because that's them all right call me
fatty you should record it go Susie this
is quick just put it in a channel
somebody somebody some crazy person
might want to watch you not it yeah
that's it and then it happened no no no
it's that recording yeah don't just hop
it over it you have to press it crazy
all right Abby marsinah are you hiding a
microphone or something is it is it back
probably is because I came in that's
what I was you party you Arjun
what it's because what is the chief of
camera see how he's using a webcam my
room for last few days I think you
should leave I just think that you've
ruined everything right now
bye guys nobody wants to play with
office nobody wants to play with your
father's oh no nobody wants to play with
your father's hello police and all the
flock it is do I look like I'm flying in
a helicopter no I I could be a
helicopter pilot
