just gonna make my cut chuckle not to
that there's no chuckle on my coffee
chocolate oh I just say - look at this
mess here just sort of what does that I
know you don't need it because that
thing comes with those filters but I was
just go ahead and put it in filter
anyway because I don't know it just
keeps it all like nice and neat and
clean and clean a favor best coffee ever
so tasty did a nice keep spoon drop it
in I mean just okay and this is little
sprinkle more you just need to have some
water
where's my guys wanna go peepees oh did
I yeah because it is very specific times
over
off because I don't want it yet because
comes to work which magazine my little
magical thingy bellies so it doesn't
have to actually come yet a toast in
each cue
oh I've seen it you left the kid this is
a nice event to do that scene it was
like sitting right behind a boy who's
like he was part of the cue munch yeah
yeah became the munch area it's like
they take one they take one here and
you're bringing to the lunch area it's
never dunk unis on a shoe put it down on
a second they go right there well the
culprit has been a found huh cousin the
corporate being found huh I have my shoe
please may I have a show please may I
have my shoe please daddy shoes
this is what you wanna come home to her
lady friends
hey lady friend what if you got from me
lady friend oh sorry little pup your
friend salado's cuz I gotta I got to go
work out today I've been kind of
slacking because it's my birthday and I
was like what son get back onto the old
horse ride outta town
yum yum in my tum tums yum yum do you
guys like salmon I love the salmon with
the rice and the little wooden beads in
the salad
thanks so much you're the best in the
world also I saw the picture you put on
Facebook today that's super cool did you
make that yourself very impressed
it looks so hot in a house like I don't
know who I like better that girl or that
girl family I'll just take both of them
home mm-hmm like so super cool is that
tomorrow's video today's video of you're
watching my garage are you guys ready
are you ready you sure you sure you
wanna show them this you sure ready for
this yeah you guys ready for this okay
can you set down under the eater missing
the real thing under the real Christmas
there's loads that are missing like just
right off to Tesco we go today off the
Tesco we go a little of love
stickers jungle buddy
like glad one of us take this right put
on your iPhone look you can put them on
your iPhone Hank is like they're opaque
it's for any fun ones
you know Peppa Pig you just you can put
robot ones in it it is kind of cool
actually
their theme was
faces I'll be kind of killing the iPhone
put your farmer then everyone will know
what your phone number was so I don't
know how that would work out these teeth
exotic I'm a little Asus mm-hmm you're
just gonna go sleep there
goodnight
we do actually because I always steal
that pillow but you keep putting the
pillow away it's an apple like it throw
her throat question should I try that
they pretty much taught me to throw it
oh I don't like the fader guys no thank
you no thank you
you guys never bite sun-dried tomatoes
in like an actual jar not fresh late
like this you guys ever do that I mean
at the Roma once what are you kidding me
yeah but then normally you pay that
price for fresh ones just don't know
about ones that like come in like a jar
like they are like how long ago were
they like sun-dried years ago I think
it's up okay oh no oh there it is their
top five euros really
I don't know how can we just get him
some mantra six percent free we have a
mantra we have a mantra first workout up
the new birthday year whose wimpy
clothes weight me we're one day closer
to pitch but in this strange hey
actually feel more energized after work
just like I was so wrecked I was so
tired I was like I can't go I now I have
to work out I actually feel like more
energized but whoa that was a serious
one guys
Beachbody I am so close I can taste the
sand I can put my feet in the sand I'm
so close if you guys so close anywhere
else to committed wit me to this new
challenge of our how do you think any
buttons and you guys close you guys
feeling a burn because I certainly yeah
that's gonna work at you know anything
see those muscles burn muscles when they
filter for the beach body come on guys
we can do it so close guys so close
you did not you look so pretty though
even in your silly clothes we're not
silly cuz you know what I mean this well
okay no they look kind of weird shape
I would never mock you no seriously try
one it's really cause they're all
completely there you free completely
dairy free they're vegan
whoa no eggs no dairy nice is the recipe
on the blog tomorrow maybe tonight again
properly guys leave enough comments peer
pressure
get little see no weena si no es de
vino' oh we were gonna cut your hair
tonight but mommy won't let me guess
your hair we gonna play the game are we
gonna play the game that's not your game
after today the game doesn't have a new
game for you haven't you gave you I feel
so energized back to my where I was
feeling I was feeling a little sluggish
there for the last few days I think it
was like you know all this um all the
workout you know that the stuff that we
were putting into this new great project
thing and then we're up crazy hours late
you know getting stuff ready and stuff
and then it was like it was my birthday
and I was already exciting and stuffing
them straight into the studio and like
it's like I really won I like I would
love to do half an hour outs every day
for you guys I really want to pilot I
want to put more into this because the
more you guys get back to more your
comments something more I wanted you
know drive this community and grow it
and stuff it out but like so nice it's
just so hard you know cause it's almost
like having two jobs almost you know I
mean it's like I will
love to do this all the time like
creating videos you guys and more videos
on other channels and more stuff than
gross stuff and more stuff and more
stuff and gross stuff and more stuff
what do you guys think would not be
totes leave me a comment and say totes
jovis well under stuff - don't you say
totes job so could i but i am what do
you guys think would that be totes
oh my mg guys these are super amazing
these are like some sort of like a
cinnamon godlike thing it's like dark
chocolate and cinnamon and hazelnut oil
instead of any eggs and butter and stuff
it's like super good baby
Thanks oh yeah I think I'll marry you do
you guys wanna see me exclusive on this
first animation punisher than your
animation wait wait go ready go is any
warning no I think that's the only one
oh oh my goodness deadly my fat leg
moves a tiny bit oh it's so funny though
yeah okay Dina you come with mom and
daddy goes with a penis like no you
gotta hide I'll be am i yeah okay I'm
gonna hide out be somewhere I'll put it
in closer
okay I'm gonna hide I'll be somewhere
right turn off then we used to always
play this well you have to find mommy
right we stepped it up
steena has to find Albie not awesome
ready
no I didn't work out so good okay let me
just go upstairs and with Alvey alright
yeah yeah okay he understands the rules
okay bye
okay come on guys let's go upstairs
we're gonna wait upstairs so mom tells
us we're ready to go okay I'll be that's
the plan that's the plan Louie like a
pencil okay we'll wait here so we're
ready to go
your friend Xena Xena are you ready
go find Seether
yeah I see my homie hey Xena huh
Christina we're seen it I've seen hubby
Rosina what's that ami what's that
where's Xena
just a hobby hobby what's that who's
that
who do you think would win in a race all
the way up in a bed
I shaved my legs today what do you think
good boy
