I have never been more tired tired in
all my life I'm so tired
it should be illegal to work the day
after your birthday this will be some
law there's a bigger general election on
at the moment in Arlen right
if anyone you guys wants to make a law
right that says it isn't legal to work
the day before the day of and the day
after your birthday you got my vote
mister or madam says but I got a
Valentine's card this morning guys now
I'm nice it is it's all lovey dovey in
here hit the lovey dovey time know if
you want my heart fiance
I shall not greet inside because it's
private time but isn't that so cute
isn't it so cute right no time to
dilly-dally no time to dilly-dally we
have a schedule keepo schedule alo tease
and it is a frosty news this morning
that's not good and I'm kind of late ish
but you know who knows
look I've actually got before I put
water into this they include calcium
gentleman's on because it of any air
looking you've anymore so it makes it
look extra fun
when you wanted to go inside the car oh
yeah
it's hard to boil water so much so that
it actually goes beyond boiling like I
trying like if you actually try and get
the water and then boil it and then put
it on a pot sometimes I like to actually
leave the pot overnight to actually you
know go beyond boiling temperature to
actually like volcano setting you know
try and create lava you know like what
you're really aiming to do here is
pretty much crack the window you know if
you can actually crack the window you
pretty much solve the problem because
then they'll have no window therefore
you'll never have any ice to actually
defrost in the morning so that's totally
my plan guys and
I was like somebody's calling me I get
this crazy catch
poo-poos are nearly done here okay
stop
Oh God cut off our rice milk is gone
especially the boys were heady they're
healthy that's me yeah
Oh see that too
bye guys CNA towers never got my coffee
Wow onward to hell I am so tired guys
it is like redonkulous I've got my
coffee my Josephine oh and whoa so ty
yeah there was a song he could sing in
your tire I would sing that sound right
now oh my goodness oh my gosh golly it's
gonna be a struggle today guys take
anyone to notice if I stayed in a toilet
all day and slept one or two cubicles
come on
so unfair
it's like
it's like stuck
there's just so much traffic again today
I forgot about the trap eCos I'm so I'm
still so tired justjust in case that you
thought somehow between the annex I did
go asleep in the toilet
I did not go and sleep in the toilet and
today unfortunately I'm stuck here tired
as can be driving along just you and me
I don't know I'm kind of writing poems
as I go I'm a sonnet writer I'm a poet
that's how you know it
okay I like SuperDuper bright it is
though guys can you believe this it's
like I'm said it's like high-five this
is awesome too bright it is I feel alive
well I don't because I am so tired and
so SuperDuper tired I am like the tired
teddy bear that's me hi I'm a teddy bear
and I'm freaking tired man
oh boy and it's Valentine's Day it is
Valentine's that you get in balance you
have a Valentine's that someone did you
have a secret admirer
somebody's secretly send you a card and
some flowers and some dinner or did you
not have any of those things you said
god dammit I hate just got started it's
really stupid stinkles it makes me feel
like I've got lowered in my life so we
decided we're just gonna stay home eat
some nice food watch some nice films and
they're all cuddly and lovable so check
this out now just so you know this is
Nina's this is Jo passes there is no
cheese and there is no dairy products at
all if you were going to leave me a
comment and tell me that there is their
products I don't want to hear that nice
I'm so exhausted and tired what did you
get like the vegetable surprise well
there's no cheese on that look oh you
take the cheese off so that's a nose
like get a pizza and I was like what a
cheese would be too weird
okay Pizza fried cheese taste up yeah
you guys never have a pizza without
cheese I was too afraid so I got the M
the dunker deal or something like that
huh
oh yeah the dunker deal yeah a couple of
chickadee chickies and the thingy
bobbins bugs I got some government
rickly oh one cooker Rooney's and we
were gonna watch some shows now I know
today's vlog is quite short guys but you
must understand I gave you a half an
hour yesterday now to give you a short
one today well do we need to hug it out
do we need to hug it out will I love you
so stay tuned because tomorrow we'll all
get out we'll all get out come on mmm
this is what you do with a loved one
love you guys
