it's Jonathan's so he's upstairs and I
have some things planned for today and
he's not like know about them so you
guys are gonna kind of come with me for
the day I think or for the first part
cuz he really doesn't have a clue what's
going on
it hasn't gotten any presents yet he
hasn't gotten his cake and I'm actually
picking this cake now it's just so tired
yesterday I think he's going he knows
I'm a closer
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy
you don't get your present yet these
guys are pretty excited about zillion
billion Facebook posts and Twitter's and
guys are awesome you look slim right
yeah I think you look very slim jim how
old are you today hi on the Isaac hmm
that's 31 guys tonight's age is nice age
I feel like which I feel I get a good
wine he's matured nicely but I'm not
like old and moldy or good morning young
vibrant but not young and immature like
this needs to be a bit more it's like
okay so basically I have this cake tin
which I need to make this dessert and
it's new like it still even has the
price on what I can't seem to find the
underneath part like the part that's
left and in here I don't get it like I
just took everything out and I still
can't find them I'm gonna look in this
one book I think my other option is to
print it like that but then they will
all seep out like that's not gonna water
weight the cake in this and this could
be a complete disaster because this is
huge but I mean
I don't have a choice so I have mixed
all the dry ingredients together and now
it looks like this this right here folks
is what we call the most expensive oil
I've ever bought in my whole entire life
this is hazelnut oil which I'm gonna be
honest it doesn't smell as good as I
thought it would okay I love you guys
the TV but I set the camera on the brake
pin so we're gonna whisk the white
ingredients now hopefully my clothes
will not get destroyed
oh it would help if I switched on the
actual weights all right now I think you
have to wait add wet to dry let's just
check add wet to dry and stir well okay
so gonna add work to dry it smells so
good okay so I decided to go with the
casserole dish so far so good I actually
decided to go with the casserole dish
because I realized that in the recipe it
said get like in a 10 inch springform
what you call it tin and ten inches is a
lot like it's not ten inches I don't
know I have no idea but I think that's
pretty big so this actually can work so
I spread it all out and now I have to
bake it in the oven and then make the
filling so that's what I'm gonna do okay
so I have a confession to make never
before I don't think they've even eaten
avocado like no I eaten it but I haven't
like doing anything with it like
preparing it in any way so I don't know
what I'm supposed to do with these it
says scooped out and stone or something
so whatever that means
so I guess I'm just gonna
like it my mind go or something and then
I guess I peel it what am I supposed to
do
oh it's mushy it's very mushy they
could've like out Mikado actually what
exactly I'm doing like am I supposed to
scoop it all of this well it's kind of a
stupid question of course you are all
right need to wash my hands
this is pretty cool though just don't
screw you up a paddle stone better not
stain oh wait no Cena I don't know if
that's poisonous bring the clues I'm a
small time
the clues of all being set up Jonathan
told me that in his mom used to do this
for him at Christmas when they were
little or when they were like younger
and he loved it so I got this
inspiration from his mom and she thought
she part of the clues she's like the
last clue which is the most important
one we all sweaty because I just like
run everywhere you can come down now and
a Sunday scroll Camino and go in the
kitchen where it's break morning persons
you are not replying always on my
listens you are not relying always on my
part so something to do a Dairy pot easy
when we first met it was a mess
I felt abused I must be mad but now I
put aside my hate and they're not to
exterminated by hands these are so
difficult I know pain like you need to
use your brain like they're not ready
for my brain today okay
when we first met it was a mess well we
first met I was in a rented house that
was the master no no no so you're not we
know the thing oh the thing so when I
first met the team yeah it was a mess
and it was abuse but now let's put aside
a tape and it's there enough to
exterminate everything so when I met
he's perfect you're to literally have to
even huh between the lines okay the keys
and the last sentence what does that
word mean to you and me they get harder
some of them are easy from the more
heart
I do what I can with what I've got and
I'll be honest that's not a lot to
bleach and straighten I haven't the
means whenever I keep you bitching
straight not having to mean however I
will keep yours clean so again the thing
is tough yeah yeah I do what I can with
what I've got and I'll be honest that's
not a lot bitch and straight and I
haven't demeans however I'll keep yours
ping read it again do what I can with
what I've got now be honest it's not her
life there's no read it again I do it
kind of what I've got and I'll be honest
there's not a lot but it can do oh can I
do very simple things can bleach and
straight and I happen to means however I
will keep yours clean so complete your
straight but that's hair sometimes
summertime is almost here
wedding stress and family fear I will
help to get you true and make a happier
swimmer you you're getting all excited
closer guys this talk of summer makes me
mad I will keep you manly dad isn't
warmly clad
oh don't even tink to hang me away for
two more months I'm here to stay so do
you have in summer skyress I mean all my
stars
that is gonna trip
it's gonna be like a coat or scarf or
something you did I will love you for
all my life I shy away from any strike
quit Detra snare I'll make myself hair
get turned into fireworks make me
understand
well that's you mister okay now you need
some assistance at this 1lb you're gonna
fetch good fetch fetch daddy's toy toy
but Chinese toy good touch the toys
where's the toy where's the toy where's
the toy fetch toy good boy
boy daddy you don't shy away from strife
good boy you did it right you did it
right you did it right and you helped it
I stand strong and sturdy
some say I'm old and dirty
I keep you all safe from within even on
Christmas
no you're not reading a property say it
again
I stand strong and sturdy some say keep
you all safe from within
yeah Finn that's the clue Jonathan saw
it was the car but it's not so I think
he may have kind of figure today of you
can you figured it out so it's not the
car this time
something inside a bin storage or it's
the under place it's at the end of it
yeah okay
see they can be involved cuz I get a
little walk out of it okay I'll let them
both off then here LV spot though I know
Johanna tell people what we did you got
it you got it
we had a few short months ago our friend
Brian bond with strong from the word go
I hope you got from A to B give you a
hint
my name is Sparky you know I'm not even
dressed properly so your destination is
not far the first sign there you had no
car home do pussycats 1 2 3
the fourth is probably up a tree you
like my use of Remagen
why do them what's it a dream I know
that's just late for fun yeah but you
obviously get where we're going right
travel along with the truck in front
along with the drunken front can we good
limited kids are County Code Lyoko
driving along on the motorway drunk to
all the sounds not so game for part of
your prizes the best I've ever had my
life come on that's not true it is true
you told me that your mom did really
cool woods
beauty coolers but this is so much fun
to have another treasure hunter that was
like tanner
totally optimist
the best guys we need to do for people's
birthdays it makes it way more fun
because they'd already care what the end
impressive is about the adventure of
getting there oh my god
you guys okay
sima scared
jeez Jonathan your first picture you
drew of me blindfolded so you could not
see we met today 31 years ago and all
the years I've watched you grow what
sounds like mother I feel that you're
hurt like I need to go to mom's this
mother she in Scotland know she darling
doesn't matter boy well obviously what
you're gonna say otherwise
call her again she knows so she should
pick up problem my mother is a woman of
international espionage
hello is that the lady who watched me
grow his tip I run your other phone and
I rang out like twice I rang your mobile
a trying out twice not as hot
maybe I'll ring this number instead yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah twice I rang it
twice Oh
technology is the challenge did you take
go
about me day and night that it it's very
funny okay yeah I think so what thank
you very much all right thank you very
much okay I do I got it I got it
- I'll be back soon okay that was weird
it was like it knew hey guys thanks for
minding the cart it does did a really
good job okay I need a new plan
not a good idea that as far as it goes
can you - what is it how far did you go
how did you get up here it's not far
well my good Oh something else hmm
Sophia guys you should have come up here
once well guys there's Brendan's
grandmother's give me those paws it move
in here still at work
I don't know what you guys know what
this is for this ting for the
PlayStation right and you put the place
a can can throw a remote move thing in
there and you shoot the screens here
playing call a chat but it's stupid
because I didn't get some great it
doesn't matter and I just forgot to get
the M get the whole thing not a whole
thing so but it doesn't matter guys look
at my channel Penn College eat my boy
the rest for you after coffee something
bad morning comes birthday kisses
checked you can judge a hunt birthday
cake sing something more birthday you
won't have to treasure hunt come when
treating us good it's just dinner mama
stylize oh yes what's in the French
thank you the freezer book anyway
don't squash it on my goodness guys that
is a monstrous chocolate Oh feast and
those dairy-free yep 40 director of life
what is it a magnet looking shaken I for
one don't for husbands hey we should
have prison what are these she causes a
good deal around around is it it's a
little buggy room yeah hello Mel tonight
mom a year over my name is Professor
doodles
she thinks I'm super cool uh professor
toodles
my name is professor doodles and I know
all about everything in the entire world
professor Dillon he led to die world oh
I got the glasses come out of my glasses
pennies every time I ask you where you
got something you say pennies pennies
appears to be the answer to everything
where'd you get these dogs
sorry about that no it's over now
you figured it out turns out it's not an
alien invasion it's kind of
disappointing because clearly alien
invasion only makes your I think that is
there candles is pretty soon like
ceremony or so you know it is kind of
cool
no no they don't they just keep the
rising up like that I think you just
stole a sweet from the kidney man oh my
goodness I don't think you tell us how
you did your hair now do you guys think
Erica's hair is like super cool times
change like no no no oh gee you figured
I hid the straightener or something what
do these don't know cuz your
straightener assets are really low
setting an audience's change the setting
and I need you to the AppStore show me
what you did a second ago
go ahead show me the technique
if you have a size fridge or something
and it was overheats insight if you
wanted to fall nicely like that top tips
with the style gals I may have made
these small little dilly-dally on the
table it kind of starts here and sort of
moves along and a little trail up to the
food as the food good was it a good food
to bother to quit feeding put them on
upside down that's on top of your head
upside down to turn him all the way
around and put them on upside down I'll
fix your hair first of course mm-hmm
yeah that's way cooler put it under your
nose you see you love those glasses
they're very retro thank you very much
but then I look at my chocolate feast
guys with my notes that's how the style
diet rolls that's how to have a birthday
on a budget if you can't afford candles
stick matches in there I got given my
very own Erica for my birthday I'm gonna
do it it's my new era so we're gonna do
this I'm gonna take it home and I'm
gonna beat it a little bit I'm gonna
feed it all face feedings
get in the bag in the bag of goodness
the goody bag
where'd you get your top again well
submit Farrell and brown and that's only
available in we're Blarney woolen mill
you want to get it you cannot get this
unless you go to Blarney woollen mill or
you send me one billion dollars
