we're one step closer to the big
awesomest project I don't know maybe you
guys may have noticed if you've gone to
our pages that yesterday's videos and
hopefully that's hopefully it started
what happened cuz there didn't
transition period thing but yes this
video dudes no ads and any of the videos
yesterday whoa and there is nothing less
than the page look there's no banners
anymore what and the thing is missing
like we go to Anna's channel a coach and
Anna look oh my goodness no banners no
ads no nothing we have left do YouTube
Partner Program well in and around the
kind of way but this is all part of this
big thing you know we're doing it's
quite scary though well yeah one step
closer guys one step closer 10 you guys
notice yesterday anyone actually come
along and think something different yeah
something's different yeah we're off to
Byron Lance / Joe Foss present Oseberg
offices birthday wait a minute discuss
up tomorrow
well let the green gotta go no time for
birthday celebrations and mother puntos
may hate 0.0 decided to get my present
why don't you tell them whereas I won't
listen boy we first met right
I don't used to try and tell me that
whenever she will put her fingers in the
ear lights out she wouldn't be able to
hear me what remember he used to say I
put my ear like this and I can't hear it
your thing
but I would say that's a filthy lie lady
that's a filthy lie lady a lady's lie
see there's a gentleman's lie which is
like and then there's a lady's I had a
lady's lie oh no no no ladies must never
lie for when a lady lies a baby dies oh
goodness I hate traffic osa I hate crap
roj
no I don't even
cocoa powder no no I don't get this one
fake or drink with existing butter
better yeah a better brand Bournville
garlic see Spanish we have that Spanish
- for home
bring the blacks again Koko maybe Koko
is dark chocolate because the appearance
born a villain green and
you know
we found give me Missoula thinking maybe
that'll there well you guys know what
canola oil is
working together are you screaming at
the screen right now Singh Royce knee
time there's no way to have a pesto
instead of writing that
all right
help me Google help me Google and me one
I don't know why you need them for my
birthday cake
kind of a birthday cake are you making
we're up
is that part of my cake
not answering me avocados in my cake oh
no no I changed my mind
my mind and a title I don't want to have
a cat okay
he promised to buy me a good present
dinner is heading off now the last to
the center to buy any presents and I
will go home to the puppies them up see
you up with those and you got it all
planned out Oliver gone so I love you
you love me or these guys hilarious
every time is what I compared to Xena
Xena quick question here now would that
happen to be my hat would that happen to
me my hats are having a good old chewing
on huh
good old chewing huh give me give me
that what's that it is a text massage a
massage of texting's
eye hey text advertisers banks hate that
boards a doggie we went to this chipper
and donkey once right and we ordered
online or something and you gave your
mobile number and I was like okay fine
cause it was only up throat cause means
to live on Castle Street in donkey if
you guys know it Hey but um yeah today
just like email every now you gotta get
a text message from Boris they're like
hey guys hop off chips today it's like
whoa don't you guys know I'm on this new
news lifestyle diet II thing I don't be
going to Boris out Plus that I'm in
court today which is an entirely
different city an entirely different
County an entirely different region and
entirely different province and yet you
text me with your advertisements do not
text me at your advertisements please
liquid lunchtime I say so
gonna go with the mango smoothie with
two scoops of natural protein powder and
just a hammer no keys you don't want it
all crowd like 47% Omega blah blah blah
mm-hmm put it in here put it in here mix
it all up
dangerous cuz I have only got one hand
first thing I do is I pour it in the
glass and I put a glass into the thingy
bubbles just so I can measure it
although what Ana will probably do is
record look so it's three hundred
milliliters but if I actually remember
so now I like to just put it in 300
milliliters which would be a lot simpler
than having to pour it in one and
importing the other next step open this
bad boy up and take out the clay like
the heap spoonful of the clay and put it
in a new pop go again this time not a
heap one just kind of like about that
much
so like the heap one and a half it's
kind of like two there you have it like
that and then just drink it haha do not
drink it like that
I made the mistake the first time I made
it and I did not I used a fork or a
spoon just to kind of stir it in then it
was like disgusting chunks of it so I
don't not mistake and take one of these
things here so if you free you did a
little part the order particular
hahahahaha
that's a bit of a compositing special
effects joke there and anyone gather
about particular particular look look
it's a particular effect get it no no
they don't
if you understand what I'm saying leave
me a comment Oh it'll be like totally
awesome you know if you got my
particular joke they'll be totally
awesome you sir take this thingy here
drop it in there
it's very important and while you're
mixing as you press you go okay I always
mix it loads and those inoa so and
that's pretty much it you just kind of
like pour it back into the glass they
measured it outward do people persons in
there now if you'd like to keep your
lady friend happy oh you want oh I'd
suggest I always give this a quick rinse
out here first so it doesn't drip all
goopy goop persons everywhere take this
as well and give this like a quick
straight up rinse hair because it kind
of goes all solid pretty as you can
imagine with all the protein in there it
can pretty quickly grow into a moldy
affair it's not very pleasant not to
watch it just to kind of clean it out
you know and then clean up any mistakes
that are made because the lady's like
I'm not being like chauvinistic here
anything guys because pretty sure the
guys like when you clean up too so let's
just say your partner your partner howdy
partner may appreciate your hygienic
input into the family rectum what I
don't know what I don't know what I
don't know what I don't know
all right I'm gonna take my juicy juicy
and I'm going to go upstairs and I'm
going to play on my station my station
of three
all right you ready you ready you want
her she was really expensive toys for
doggies what'd you get sorry guys sorry
guys so I'm gonna go ahead and bagel
slice this bad boy grabbed a baby
fussing baby fussing baby along
would you like to slice what let's sing
my song okay you got it works over that
toy it's always over that toy isn't that
the teething toy specialty tinglin sighs
I've decided to go carry tomorrow's
sun-baked hey with am some peppered
mackerel hmm on my boggle you've gotten
Pitta Pizza Pizza
have some I pity the fool
did you ask billy goat for his cheese
hey Billy can I have some of your cheese
Oh guys you like your Valentine's Day
doggy he's so cute you can't have both
of them at the same time guys so funny I
love those two oh yeah I forgot to
mention part of this new thing involves
all our channels right which involves
alby's channel as well I'll go see his
channel
you shouldn't aim that happy to Monty's
doing that that Maltese or something you
know but you're high in Psych is the
thicker so I expect to see a lot more
videos about yours truly and hers truly
I don't know how do you say that that's
just I just it's just a tidbit of
information
oh it's Nina making goats cheese a
little bit of goop don't they go to good
ones
bubbles bubbles they're nice I was like
tenors on this most expensive thing ever
there's so much more expensive buys to
be healthy seriously you gotta really
yeah but still like you need to do like
financial audit on yourself before you
want to change your diet because it's
ridiculous like we spent like 60 or s
today and all we got was like nothing
really you know it's just crazy
did you go German odd is that organic
food is like weird uncle asleep right
don't you know so this is what I've
ended up with macro would descend
peppered macro as I just choked them one
sun-dried tomatoes and a boggle I don't
know this is gonna be any good or not
guys we're gonna find out we're gonna
find out the hard way
what's something the hard way because
I'm gonna eat it so it's gonna be kinda
like the good way so we're gonna find a
good way well sounds like a good plan
you wit me high five Shh I'm going to
wait her to do high five minutes green
thank you
why does she always go out with dumb
asses why does she always go out with so
much weight got me come in here its
presence in there the excited guys go go
to omars look at oma was he on
unfortunately oma is not there but we
got to feed the cat teenies gotta feed
the cat sees ready you guys'll Arius we
gotta go over to mama star lights cuz we
gotta feed the cats the cats they do we
need feeding I don't I don't think cats
neat being I didn't cats will just go
out hunt and kill whatever they find and
they would eat themselves right let's go
because I gotta get back here for it now
five o'clock so five o'clock six o'clock
seven ten five hours duh so show us on
in five hours you gotta get
is get some munchetty crunch get in the
shower gotta spruce myself got it look
good for the ladies to the letters like
javis oh yeah you got the harness on
Cena
is he good she's swinger he did this to
me before true one of them like a white
dog you toid that we have that looks
really like them threw it over the
banister I'm my heart stop beating like
first Smith second is so slow I'm so
upset it was so horrible but now I'm
just like whatever
15 euros we'll bring in the bank like
crazy it's cuz it's Valentine's Day they
just mark everything off like seriously
I present them so this is plan we need
to we need to move all the dogs out of
here I'll bring all the cats in here
it's like that old rhyme where you have
to bring the chicken the Fox and the
chicken feed or something like that and
you can only bring one at a time or on
an Elvis the table isn't you have to
bring one and that's the answer us but
we need to figure out a way to figure
this out because we can't beat the cats
and dogs together oh no no no no no
right let's get the cat food what a nice
muncher you mangy Oreo Oreo doesn't want
to say hello over there so
maybe movie when Timothy oh he's a
little pudgy movies a little pudgy a
little pussycat mm-hmm where's Nicky
Nicky Nicky why don't you go to your own
food is Nicky on the plant-based diet
hey guys just relax
Sina careful I'm not going with them
yeah I just come on off there's like
let's change it up a little bit
that's a Coney Jolie he's just gonna
charge you a bit of Pinot what do you
guys think you just set it down like
that can you guys see me
and I cannot play this instrument
party every day please subscribe
we would stayed and said you're great
like who left us nice comment
who have you chosen to be your Valentine
Oh
snuffleupagus private time watch it's
not like from your dog this is from
Albion Cena they're giving it to their
OMA or a happy birthday or for
Valentine's Day
oh isn't that so super cute just how you
do the dogs right oh is it a technique
for Doc you ready
maybe not know that how do you opposite
Andy right word yeah
you know penile works give a little
scribble underneath the thingy there
there's no one ever sees that that's
where you scribble guys there's actually
cut it looks like a child's already
that's a good trick
two hours to the live show let me just
go and check the website I always have
the pup in here now and see see who the
eager beavers are oh we got a couple
what got a coal just got another one
where to Lou Jessica with the love heart
ah look guessed hey Jessica town I think
if you scroll down I don't know we got
left two hours and 16 minutes and now
just enough time to play a little of the
PlayStation dick headphones in a little
like a community chat I think I was
seeing guys in two hours and 16 minutes
but more than likely it's generally just
cut to the next time I blog today so no
waiting
it's so cool I think it is time for a
pre blogger tease boggles lesson and
again I think I'm gonna go with the
fishy fishy faux faux with a little hint
of my toe fishy fishy
boffo little hint of tomato you know I
get a little trouble making trouble
Steen is that I love like I like I like
a soft boggle
did you enjoy a soft back up with look
at these ones like they're so super soft
they say like they have like a new
boy it has a soul like sort of a problem
now when um you go ahead and save us
price kind of interrupts the song
I'll show you guys from flounder man
some more like Amiga slicing a bagel
slicing a big Eagles lesson all day long
I've just made up this little song cause
of egos lesson well maybe that's how it
goes
okay here we go right so you clap that
in right and look what happens when I'm
squash it down see a bit of a mushy
problem there this is what you're in
Oakwood this is a bit of a weird
situation my bangle is in right now so
it's kind of sliced I rap but it's just
a little squished so you see it's kind
of mushy my god being a fixing huh
and then we are going to toast it oh
yeah that reminds me I was just talking
to you yeah the people involved in his
new project
so unfortunately well there's no like
unfortunate about it it Sam it's
definitely going ahead it's gonna rock
the world I don't know rockin the world
was in the prerogative but it's going to
happen guys it's gonna be world's rocked
they're gonna take the world in a rock
but they ain't rocking it the next week
so the official launch is next week so
there's nothing I can do about it I will
not be I didn't tell anyone last night
on blogtv if you guys didn't make it the
blog TV last night I did not reveal
anything I'm sorry I was I must I must
myself in shame but I'm definitely next
week guys it is going down or it's going
up because going down sounds like it's
kind of going down guys what's going on
the toast came up at the same time
slapping yeah you get a slapping oh yes
slap don't beretta tune don't warp the
head oh you'll be good there thank
goodness you're pretty because people
would probably buy your music and right
what's going on here what's going on
here it's gone it's gone
we're just waiting for the blogtv guys
eight minutes to go movement
guys it is time to say hello to the vlog
at ease now few gore viewer on vlog TV
last night you were in the epicenter of
the epicness let's go say it do it
hey oh I want some hoes in there I want
to see some hoes
there's too many hands and not enough
hoes all you guys are you guys are you
guys ok this is this is the part where
you and me have a deep conversation a
deep and meaningful conversation why do
you have blonde TV did you make it
happen
leave me a comment Oh leave me a comment
oh if that is you if you are one of
those people leave me a comment oh I
thought I would share this moment with
you as we watch the clock tick down to
be my birthday in 15 seconds are we
ready
are you ready to write a comment here it
is here it is
happy birthday to geo focus
Oh happy birthday to you oh happy
birthday to you
Oh arty to you happy birthday to Joe
focus I must go have a shower now that's
what you gotta do you gotta wash the
last year away bring on the new one
