open the walkies we go today after know
what as we go it's finally sunny it's
finally sunny you know we go in a walks
the day she's very excited which we
again twice twice we ran to the
bedspread stop guys and twice we had to
take an editor blog because it didn't
fit because it was like it was too long
and then the plot was like 45 minutes
because we'd spent like half an hour
complaining about pad stuff as well so
you guys have no idea whom he say like
again Pet Stop next up come down here
turns out there's a football match about
to start I don't even like just setting
it up it's like we could even just go
there yeah I just said I wanna write let
them run it out I'm gonna walk around a
bit
there's a man there oh is that last
either
hi guys I got baked she's gotten
sometimes I get them confused we're
gonna have to give her a haircut soon
mm-hmm Wow they just spotted the
football team but you see that spot
right there somewhere standing right
there
remember we're like should we move to
court remember we're standing right in
there that was all like girls up like
corn fields I mean everything we talk to
ourselves I really like living here I
was like should we move to share that
moment with you do you guys remember
when you guys were am part of the vlog
family the second he told his extended
family
guys there is a bunny rabbit a rabbit of
the bunny sort we're gonna try and
actually get take that money it'll be
friends
nobody's house
the bunny's check check
well this is a trap and they set it up
like in the films you know and then they
put the bamboo sticks over the goodness
with big doggies
they're not here
see bunny in there may get really upset
it could be a good bit in there look at
the holes it goes down there
he's got lows entrances look at us lost
in the woods this is probably why the
bunny rabbits live here cuz it's nice
nice funny enough it's very close to our
house we've gone around along sort of
way a burrow I think yeah I think they
live in a burrow
you know if girl Alice the one that went
to Wonderland she probably knows cuz you
go down the rabbit hole no I know what a
burrow is five chairs maybe did you live
in a damn box is living a dad yeah I
leave us a comment
it's not it if it's a Fox's den pearl
but if I'd you're deaf it's like
hottest I it's like a weird word a weird
word where do you where where did by
just live guys leave us a comment us
let's know I know these two factors live
look at you
Cena look at you what have you been
doing okay you used to be a little white
puppy now you look like a little sheep
crazy I'll be good boy good boy
I am the pack leader
I am the pack leader how much we parted
in a Spanish shortcut I don't know if
you girls are capable of doing this for
Navi is it seen as concern we eat your
face yeah
it's up in a party look at you see ya 30
her so as you know if you were at blogtv
last night or maybe you're going on
blogtv tonight because we're doing one
hour tonight and one hour tomorrow but
as always there's always a couple of
eager beaver's now let's come to catches
out what's gonna in here for Call of
Duty ever play call of duty I will not
be on the Block TV huh Tammy Oh Timmy
Tammy so were you there
how long's left doom do I feel like 24
you know deferment off at the same time
it's all going on piss all going on see
now what's that
what did you have there what did you
have there
are you excited you excited get the
guitars get the dogs oh it's all going
on it's all going on if you missed it
I'm probably gonna upload the footage
from last night's blog TV oh like it's
tonight's but you guys ain't watching
this till tomorrow so no but that
probably on it Jonathan Jolie channel
and then tonight's as well but if you
missed it last night don't forget we're
going live tonight tonight T's what time
as well anyway I said on Facebook I was
actually pretty darn lazy to be honest
guys I didn't even work out the time
zones I was like you know what GMT dawg
so let's see Friday that's today
saturday 12:10 p.m. to 11:00 p.m. GMT
time so whatever time go to Google type
in world clock times or something along
those lines and it will tell you that
GMT time it is 10:00 to 11:00 10:00 to
11:00 tonight guys checking Z out and Z
see you there rockin and rollin rock n
roll in a rocket
see your Nazi Nazi Nazi you're not
saying no no no me no as you guys know
we're doing a blog TB tonight right
and I just got an email from blogtv
saying I'm congratulations you're now a
pro member and I'm like a pro ma'am or
don't you have to like pay like $50 or
something for that or something so I
went through those like yeah I'm here's
your certificate you've just been gifted
by Michael speaks it's just what it was
just so nice man I'm like move I don't
know it's like somebody new blue
competing outside it's the point that
like guys you guys surprised me so much
because it was I was looking last week
and I was like we were gonna buy it and
I was like well you know it's like yo
what did you get out of it so bad it's
like you ain't bought that for us man
that's that is like totes I was actually
sitting here playing online and I just
got the email true and I split into it I
was like gift certificate I'm like what
people people surprise you people have
the capacity to surprise you that's what
I'll say well my little chef what have
you made for me hmm looks like goats
cheese peppers and salad oh this is just
the kind of thing you'd want before a
blogtv session and the bus Oh should
have brought my juice I got respect
flavors I'm recording
hey everyone in the blogger day let's do
the hey whole thing right are we ready
everybody hey I can't see my hair's look
at Hey what that's not enough oh whoa
the plugin is everybody's gonna vlog it
is everybody's at my blog it is awesome
guys if you weren't here hold on let me
talk to the pitbull guys if you weren't
on blogtv last night you you missed that
big time but luckily we're on blogtv
tomorrow night as well OMG said LD Alby
Cena Cena Cena Alvey
what are you guys doing Tina I'll be
Tina
oh it's mommy mm-hmm they didn't know
what was going on they T confused you
can feel the Lizzy he couldn't figure
that just taking a shortcut to the
kitchen when you catch the camera okay
so it's like two o'clock in the morning
and we are still up because this like
new project thing that I can't really
talk about it but I can't talk about but
I had just I just haven't got
confirmation because they have not
officially launched what this is so you
don't rub all night because they're in
there now we get to talk to each other
it's like all over the place you know
but em everything sort of every didn't
sort of tied down now guys I wasn't sort
of done like you know she's sad tonight
now you know we talked to all relevant
parties and things were done and you
know so we're pretty much pretty much on
the road now so we decided we're gonna
have celebrate Riis cups of teas that's
where that's how exciting we are we're
gonna have cups of teas hopefully
hopefully the Sam hopefully tomorrow by
tomorrow by time we're on blogtv
tomorrow which should be like later on
today because this would be up in the
morning without clarification that we
can announce it or maybe don't want to
keep it till they're actually launch
date which is I know a little while
later anyway I don't want to say too
much more cups of cheese cups of teas
now oh oh how much that she can stand
afraid so in celebration of our new
exciting venture that we're about to
part time we decided we're gonna have
the last hour special super awesome teas
and Anna is so good because she's
allowing me to have the cinnamon one and
she is having the nectar one it's a
celebration
you can always remember
for you today I have my cinnamon
specialty it's so cute I got a little
tray where do we get that tray table Oh
uncle to Modi act or yak or let's get a
little dog in it
mm-hmm everyone see everyone gives us
dog things what's going on here oh yeah
a bit holder see guys this M this is a
special purpose see if you take this off
it opens bin and that magical that's
such a cool invention
it's the save time when you want to open
the bin you know you just lift it up
boom right let's drink our teas and
we're going to watch parks and recs and
the office what do you prefer better
would you prep Parks and Rec or the
office do you like the Parks and Rec
more don't you Leslie Knope yeah and I
prefer the office I don't know if air
you out I just love the office I would
then I love dirty rock but we're not
watching Terry rockin senators Murray
like 30 rock but thank Kenneth Ken
Kenneth Parcell Kenneth Parcell is a
special young man
