so it looks like I'm out of juice guys
when I see my cool technique this is my
this is my trick I've lived I've left it
here for like about 20 minutes to see if
I can get any more juice hey look a
Kimura free comic I was pretty impressed
with that but it doesn't look like that
looks like all I'm gonna get that was my
plan that was my trick ksama tricks the
guys yes sir this bugs really short
because I can't really talk about I know
I hate people that say like okay guys
something totally amazing is going on
well I can't talk about something can't
talk about it's not I'm not ready to
talk about it it could be on a sort of
an opportunity that sort of arisen for
the Smurfs TV
cygwin jellies and Starlight my to
channel all our channels which is all
under kind of our network something
something cool something cool it's gonna
like yeah it's gonna make everything
cooler you know could could be under
horizon
you know it's pretty awesome it's pretty
awesome adjust em I don't want to talk
about it yet cuz I don't know it sucks I
don't know it like it is real and stuff
it's just like you know I'm hesitant
oh my that's a taper definitely an I'm
just being a cautious cautious deli
because hold on and then you guys were
watching
Anna's channel about a year ago or two
you know
but yeah you're hearing a bit ago in
here we were living in London and
another sort of opportunity to raw with
a risen with a big company new asked
himself but then I don't want to name
any names but it turned out what they're
really slanderous was the customers and
it went crazy like and a lot of people
got hurt a lot of people got involved
and it became a big mess and we pulled
out like you know it's like what the
hell and then you know last year only a
few months ago a similar project that we
are involved with you know to do with
modeling and stuff and again you know
that was like you know and it's like
here we it's nothing like any of those
things it's nothing like any of those
things it is like something that's going
like that could be like amazing it could
be like amazing opportunity for us and
it is exactly what we're working towards
you know
when you stylize and showing something
it's what we want to do it could give us
an opportunity to do a lot more with
these channels you know and could give
us an opportunity to fly to the moon I
must check the contract specify playing
to the moon as a possibility but I know
I know this is terrible but that is
enough for that I just wanted to share
that with you guys just in case them in
case I'm driving a Bentley
tomorrow whoa you know it's like my
birthday in a couple of days Jews
birthday is today only Coco pqk be
birthday - Coco pqk actually walking
back to the pier and she that the
comment was like hey it's my birthday
today oh it's a pretty Nestor day
oh sorry happy belated birthday oopsies
if you actually sent it earlier I
wouldn't be like editing a blog this
morning so you kind of messed it up I'm
like I'm a dog I'm a dog like totally
awesome right oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god but happy birthday anyway
totally off so we had a good day hi I'm
javis you may know me from mr. Kony
Jolie's I just thought I'd give you a
little tidbit of information next time
you want to have a snack and you eat
before the chocolate show say no get
yourself some tasty grapes oh yeah
they're tasty I like to take my grapes
preferably to read you kind of great
turn on a little bit of a tap picture to
sink is full of it adds something to it
I think I'm gonna run under the tap
don't forget to turn off the tap when
must save the world one turning tap off
at a time and place it in the mouth well
that's how you eat a tasty great I got
the pretzels and those present like
appraisals and those what else do you do
when you're sitting in traffic this
thing open put it on your lap I got this
kids don't try this at home
thank you the party just half a verona
bold and course I like my Corolla bold
new quartz you never happy
is it a Starbucks Starbucks look she
said it's her favorite blend oh we can
be like coffee buddies snap cheese
that's so nice in French it's peripera
queasy ma let it out
yeah coffee lady bra and then she gave
Erica present too so we have to I open
it I got a card oh I got a card oh look
at that does that remind you of
Albie or does that remind you of Cena
leave your comment Cena or Albie yeah
okay and this is from do you Connor like
chuckle burgers on chuckling I think I
did recently is a chunky Brady something
right
like happy birthday Joe Falls yay you're
my first birthday card
although me give me a birthday card
yesterday okay you're my second but you
my first subscriber birthday card mm-hmm
special place on the wall in fact it's
going there that's where he's going guys
forever and ever
well they can only see the back yeah
we're flipping around it's a little bit
foggy top it that's cut foggy it's a
fantastic time we were just going to go
home but we decided to take a little
detour to give this three geeks geeks
because they're all heading away for the
weekend and we were like gonna just
catch Erica because I think she will
appreciate the present oh s---
so where's Erica she said school mum's
the punishment smack these in my
pom-poms Oh God oh no just gonna get
some mileage I'm gonna have some bacon
yep bacon Bacon's and fill it up with
some nice cheddar cheese and then I
think I'm gonna have a big glass of
fresh milk yep milk bacon grated cheese
that seems like a good lunch what's that
you're having some macaroons dead can
you sign my book you gonna sign your
first copy of the book they finally
arrived
finally the books have arrived in
Ireland take a few weeks there no on the
inside what's in the first page thanks
thank you oh we scrimped and saved did
we we didn't leave any blank pages
- oh no look it's fine
it's very neat meaty neeti what do I say
just like love to love from are you
making a joke this cozy mismo
we should probably nip down to the other
place first to see if my president Chico
might be there
a little present Gio a little present to
you cuz it's Nations D live performing
DVD thing that I really want to get so
I'm gonna see the maybe just maybe they
have it in the store
you know what your talent is wasted here
you need to go to right at them you
could perform a coup
can you play the cool cat song excuse me
could you help me please I'm looking
forward to salad I can't seem to see it
here oh really
oh and it's fantastic that suits me a
lot better I think thank you very much
thank you very much for helping me out
thank you very much
yeah what books again or what poker you
thinking again
any particular reason no she seems like
a nice book to have hey are you are you
expecting to get that book we found it
we finally found it Eko milk this soy
milk I think we just keep using a soy
milk we look to be honest like I've
sardis I don't M I'd make black coffees
now I just pretty much cut out white
liquid you think you get the ingredients
here well if you have flour you just
find what you need
yeah well I want to some sesame sticks
I'm just a small town boy living in a
crazy
they're getting
roasted like flour and baking coke and
all of a sudden like one test don't play
comes down as ice fixing the shelf then
to thin five intact and all the monitors
and the entire row is full of people
like organize the new shelves and
everything I was like doctor looking
serious but they mean about these days
oh my goodness
we came home to a pair of crazy crazies
hello hair crazies I have a new favorite
thing check this out smoke peppered
macro Phillips I had them in mama style
ice this morning or earlier on for lunch
or their so I decided to get the smoked
one
they're like super expensive mackerel
are super expensive but all and that I'm
looking forward to eating ah look what
else we found look what else we found
look dairy free border what it's got soy
in it instead of dairy
isn't that crazy that's so super cool
because anna is making a tutorial when
you put that soil up
oh it's kind of tomorrow and check out
the yeah what is it
oh we cupcakes even though we're not
vegan
no but it's egg I'm dairy-free there
might be a sneak peak in the vlog it is
we get to vlog in the sneak peak one
thing for the sidelights already
probably gone up before it doesn't I'll
give you guys a sneak peek it might cost
me my life gosh darn it I'll do it
burn it golly golly gonna come Starla
golly gumdrop 6 your cicchitto there's a
lot of pinky do you think it is oh my
goodness look at this collection stuff
oh my goodness and the ingredients guys
get yourself over to the six companies
just a light and check out this video
because I am going to eat whatever is
made yum yum and it's all it's all made
properly isn't it we're not properly but
it's all made like no dairy or anything
excuse me excuse me baking powder let me
know if you know what I can't leave me a
comment right if you know the name of
the film where the guy says excuse me
baking powder leave me a comment does
okay so I just filmed a video of me
making cupcakes Valentine's cupcakes
this is the final product and we had a
few mishaps I'm not gonna lie but the
real test is if Jonathan will like them
because he is he hasn't intolerance to
butter so that's why I made them all
dairy-free and all that stuff so I'm
gonna bring one up to him this one this
is probably the best one this is what
the others look like well there's not
only three but some are kind of lopsided
anyways it's a long story so I'm gonna
give him this and we'll see if he likes
it you come in guys good girl
you want to see if daddy likes his
cupcake boys mommy's light on their feet
okay I like the way to plate matches
yeah I know quickly because the battery
is dying on this
and there's no dairy icing it's
different but it's different in a kind
of good way
you should make these guys hmm we
shouldn't make them and send them to me
cuz I can't mm-hmm are you I correct the
icing turned out kind of runny it is a
bit morning yeah well I think that's
like that's what like non-dairy people
like they like you to foods not money
somebody totally awesome happened and I
missed it where do you go anyway if you
went to Twitter you would see did I have
okay a thousand two but it does this
makes me surprisingly happy what did you
say wouldn't you say but at the same
time I'm surprisingly hungry because
Nino is has spent the day cooking
cupcakes and she forgot to make the
dinner what are we gonna get for dinner
guys because it is half 11:00 and I am
starved bc mode going on a little bit of
a midnight excursion a midnight Munchie
excursion everyone's a little bit
excited a little bit excited a little
bit excited ninis she doesn't sign I'll
be this I want shirts guys I'll do a
little low tea tea tea check out my
shorties my shorties with my diesels and
my tops
yo yo cuz I don't feel like getting
dressed up for we're going we're going
somewhere special guys we're going first
my super super special you've no idea as
special it is we're almost at our
destination guys we're almost there
almost there now I don't want to tell
you where we're going okay because I
want to spoil the surprise because a
couple you guys might be quite excited
but we're almost at our destination
seems like there's a long queue for our
destination yeah yeah that's it
