I got my first birth depress them this
morning but I got guys from Omaha that's
Anna's grandmother I'm guessing it's a
book she's kind of a book Giver
would you take this for my friend
no I think it's become a third of a
thing yeah what you give me the first
one is them might need Marty the second
one yeah it's definitely your dog look
he's al be in it
it's private they got these there's a
sheep hey that was on purpose
I think your ones in German oh thanks
OMA bieber baby week has begun guys it
is over
Raymond roughly to our last night when I
was come home from work and I was like
reading is still reading it is Nate Nate
Nate for say it has gotten worse it has
gotten worse
it is raining more now than it was at
earlier on today and I do not like such
I do not like I'm also waiting for this
to turn the green color yeah excuse me
cut you turn the green color yeah so I
can go through the studio yeah and make
it a funny little funny things okay but
seriously okay but seriously come on now
please please please like I don't know I
want to go down there Green let's forego
all and come on come on come on what's
he after
come on
hey maybe I should do time-lapse follow
the way to work and you can see my
journey beginning as my day begins I
mean I'd have to talk like a radio show
good morning to my radio show Joe
alright
now if I could just turn on the
indication device now mrs. spool of
learning to drive good and stop
something's making a rattle and I don't
like it
it is storming raining outside guys and
the last thing I want to do is go ahead
tie it and get some food I want the food
to come to me I want the food to be
brought in it one of you brought it into
my food please that will be told oh
goodness I think there's a lightness
just commit to him don't flick those
lights they're not meant to be flicked
like that you'll be sorry now when I
flows up just go text no goodness dad
get careful there goodness me guys
goodness me so guys um I was thinking of
writing a new song I'm she's having a
Twitter conversation there where that s
walk of makeup and it talked about
writing a new song the songs entitled
how Sarah Walker made me cry because
she's speaking to me on Twitter like
what what you can't what can we get I
don't want a pizza no no because I feel
like no jeez that's a snoresville we
could get bullies chicken burgers and
fries what yes sir I think that might be
Shay Carl who is it Michael speaks
Morrigan mm-hmm are you from Michael
speaks are you from Oregon or does your
dad know Michael did you guys check him
out what's the cause Michael speaks
because Michael speaks his people is for
it no it's got 5k
his three sons are in the video so funny
because he's like me he doesn't but he's
like good-looking kids I think kids it's
like thank you Father
so he's not I dreaming like serious he's
just like thank you Father it's so funny
you watch it he's the guy you ever check
any of my videos that you see a
paragraph of a guy who says like you are
amazing I love you you guys are awesome
he always says like totally awesome
really cool stuff like that stuff like
that which is totes which is totes
I was just sitting here
to the last night you came along and
said your things me my feelings made me
cry
that's alright because you're bigger
than me on YouTube and Sarah Walker you
to Sarah Walker made me cry you chew
turnaround write a song she didn't
believe me now but I have made this as I
went along
then you won't ever meet you well you
jus cuz it's not a very nice thing to do
but I give up savage ofus
I'm from the secona colas
these days have to happen are you ready
for what has to happen
hallelujah I promise I will work twice
as hard tomorrow but guys sometimes I
just need a little bit of munchy crunchy
crunchy would you like some munch I did
crunchy you wanted nothing here's an
update so I hadn't made the video right
and then my dad's new wife had watch the
video cuz it appeared on her Facebook
page but it didn't appear in her home
page and then she tried to insinuate
that I was like being like disrespectful
or something which is like totally
redonkulous right but um if you go to my
facebook page right I don't know if she
sees this you see this she might delete
it go and scroll down a bit right
through the video and underneath that
you will see the comment that she left
you gotta be quick because she may
actually delete it before that but she
was all like she went and logged in as
my dad on Facebook and deleted him as a
friend of mine she logged in to my
father's account and deleted me and my
dad as a friend and then deleted herself
as a friend of mine on Facebook so I
think that indirectly kind of gives me
the answer I was looking for you know
it's like I kind of reached out a bit
you know and you know you want to listen
and then this happens and I'm not even
friends at him she has chosen to end
stuff relationship social networking me
on Facebook I don't think I did any
disrespect for so I guess that's the
answer you never know it could be all
redeemable by Sunday but you know at
this point I kind of doubts it I doubt
too badly motion then I won
hello Oh guys I'm an exclusive interview
here when I'll be coxa can I shake your
hand I'll be coxey's may I shake your
hand please I really really would like
to shake your hand
oh ho you miss me too much meghana can I
get a comment please no thank you for
coming up oh oh goodness sake no oh
thank you oh thank you thank you very
much for the kisses but I'm I'm trying
to have a serious conversation here
there is a general election in Ireland
at the moment then I would really like
to know your opinion what political
party you are going to vote for the
 here help me is the grown-up what
political party are you going to support
hmm which one is it okay you're getting
a little frisky now okay you have to
listen to me
I can't do any of the friskiness I need
to know which political party are you
falling for is that fan again you know
foil or lover
me personally I'm good about labour guys
that's my decision but wretch what are
you going for
Oh
