making a breakfast still making a break
pads though making a breakfast oh I
think Tony
I'll go peepees oh I must be off to work
today or what today work today I must be
off to work - Jay what does not have my
vitamins multivitamins so we're back to
this again this is when I talk to summer
that always turns out it had not look
too bad actually it seems to happen
pretty quickly just a little tingle
there little tinkle there you see this
guy's because we've actually stop
freezing milk I don't have any milk
bottles anymore I'm left these tiny
little bottles to use which is a problem
this frosty news keeps it up
hopefully we're done with the frosty
news I just have to give him out - I was
coming ahead we live in like this sort
of you know it's a quiet residential
area and there's loads of kids around
and stuff right so I was coming out help
it towards the random bat and the road
leading up to it there was this girl
driving about a hundred billion miles an
hour up to the randa bed so I decided to
come up to the roundabout that I edged
out in front of her and she like had to
slam on the brakes low hon I'm not that
dramatic okay but she like real start an
you know I mean she's like oh by and
she's like so angry you know so she
actually like got up right beside me and
you terrain like I was leveling off like
they're looking over at me trying to get
my attention right I'm everybody come
here to me now I'm gonna it's just
really funny where people do that then
really nice especially but they really
need to like you know look at you or
something cuz that's that's really gonna
that's gonna make all the difference
they just get up beside you and look at
you you know I think probably the worst
thing to do what's the worst
if someone's like really really angry
and driving you just kinda like let go
but you just kind of like wave or laugh
be like hi you know that makes her go
even more vengeful the man she's like
compared to me to read to me you
committed to me yet she used one in
about a billion miles an hour and little
residential area that's full of kids I
think you better check yourself before
you wreck yourself
just call me from home and it turns out
that she's actually lost her keys so I'm
just checking to see is it somehow even
the car here but it does not look good
it does not look like the keys are in
the car guys which is really annoying
because that means that she's stranded
at home and she can't leave and as of
course I find the keys with a car keys
to the house even they'll need the keys
to the car but it does not look like the
keys are in the car
which is kind of sucky Japanese your
house keys I don't know I don't know do
you have to go out like what are you
gonna do worse than ever
yeah no I don't think we should probably
leave the door open it's probably not a
good idea I know it's like the worst
thing ever isn't it maybe you should be
used to be like a latchkey kid Oh
rain rain why don't go away could you
please come back some other day oh it's
not here today guys it is not nice at
all at all rain rain go away papa rain
rain go away full stop oh I know I know
a rain is important for the ecosystem in
the plants to survive but it's
inconvenient oh come on everyone else
can get past look he's taking a right
he's taking all right I'm going
different color to his body why did we
make for us I mean mm-hmm
nen√® fajitas I have no juice again
today starting to be a bit of a problem
oh we might have to adventure the Tesco
like the healthy have
we walk to Tesco today like ever we want
to just go to day care for cars there's
a car where's the car I see the car is a
comment the car the car is in the past
hello new products and new products what
is it
so so everyone a few dr6 multi-seat
serial the haters seems good yeah I'll
try it give it a test drive
Farah pepitas we've got a test drive
diner gonna let you know how that comes
along cuz I don't know yet he that he
the slicin he the spicen doesn't have
its own kind of ring what was the pit up
yeah yeah yeah
I could choose they soon if you're
always saying to get the knobby nuts
which is these things here but I just
don't know
they're probably cold over those the
stuff you know I don't know
I'm the pretzels people were saying
about pretzels people were saying about
pretzels yeah
pretzels and knobby nuts do I go with
Fiona or do I go with which things
pretzels do you think which which are
most like that sticks like what do you
think nuts I like I like to see the ones
in here the sesame ones in the Bombay
mix I just don't like the rest of the
Bombay mix that's the problem
it's all like Bombay bum day at least on
players that I can Nick down to the
other shop you know to get them but
unfortunately today is not Thursday so
yeah
none of those pretty pretty chicken
things we won't be getting them again
they weren't they weren't very nice
slowly and they're still there no I
didn't like them that's kind of where
the press has been placed up here now
what do you think when I tried pretzels
do you think I like them you promise
Oh suckers Penn State it was a time
where I would spend most of my time in
casco on this aisle ah the jelly beans
and chocolate O's and there's jelly tots
and the all sorts that was such a
different time in my life I've matured
I've changed I've grown up I moved away
from the chocolate oh okay not entirely
away from the chocolate oh but I have I
have grown we have changed have you
changed to leave a commet have you
changed and grown with me and I just
reminded me that at Charlotte brown
column and my wife had left me a video
on my Facebook page which was the
because I was like ah I need a hug and
stuff and it's doing with dr. evil know
there's part about the fucker yeah say
you first I've seen it no but
remember any sense and I put it on first
I was like
not funny better no one it was me and
looked here and then when he goes bad
done I just had to run to the bathroom
ask for it so when he fuckin fuckin
fuckin fuckin fuckin is this an impulse
buy or has this been taught of
it does come a time in a person's life
where you need a pair of wellies
especially the wetter today you realize
you're going to have to do the
Wellington boot dance
I don't know but do the Wellington boot
dance I feel like there should be a
Wellington boot dance we can do the one
one legged Wellington boot dance
yeah come on like what a weird design
they you can only take little tiny steps
like that
Thanks okay I can do the other one all
you have to do step on your toe if I
keep on my new lifestyle and keep
working out soon I'm gonna be able to
fit into it when a pair of those oh yeah
I am I'm and they that's my goal I
should bite him as my inspiration pants
you know yeah I'm gonna get my I need to
do some foot way I love putting those
booties I'll be my inspiration I should
fight him now and then she try it on
every week and see if I eventually can
actually fit into it and that's how
fuzzy once put there for a little baby
you should get the brow be Xena I think
it's time for another blogtv session
what do you guys think I'm thinking this
time last time we did adjourned a week
and a couple of people came back to me
the next day saying that they were
unable to attend because it was a
midweek thing did it a midweek just to
kind of try that out you know um so
maybe like either Friday or Saturday so
leave me a comment and let me know watch
it's better Friday or Saturday I'm
saying Friday or Saturday because people
might want to go outside they'll go out
Friday I'm already sure and this way
because it won't matter that it's on
later on for you people in the United
States and people over yonder land in
the Underland
so we're thinking Friday or Saturday
leave me a comment and let me know what
you guys think is better Friday or
Saturday for blog TV and we'll come live
might even sing you know tune no Charlie
guitar that's the kind of thing I do
that's the kind of thing you come to
this channel for almost eight times
every way that I have so many comments
yes they're still flooding in and
they're all like big and meaty and long
and I'm like I'm reading them all and
you know excuse me
trick deck wanted to do something crazy
there so read them all and it's like
guys it's really cool like and I really
appreciate that y'all took the time
y'all
cuz you guys all took the time to write
big long set of meaty stuff and you know
we'll find out what's gonna happen soon
enough you know and I'll keep you I'll
keep you apprised of the situation by
just wanted to say thanks a lot everyone
it said it on Twitter and everybody said
on Facebook and I got loads a big long
12m like Facebook messages and you know
who you are and thanks so I did read
every single one of them on the Twitter
messages and you know and I'm YouTube
and the private ones and YouTube and
everything you know I just think it's
it's really cool that you guys actually
you know nobody said like actually one
person said what's this is you talking
about but everyone else is dead on so
that one person you what's your problem
mm-hmm anyway thanks a lot guys you know
it's good that we can all we can all
rely on each other for the hard times
right the challenges that death Life
brings hence now forth the challenge and
it has brought it forth or something or
other something like that I was gonna
leave it at that
then I thought you know what guys I want
to say thank you to proper way why does
he thank you the way a joke is would say
thank you to all my subscribers for
their lovely words of encouragement and
loveliness
that's not that's not the kind of that's
not we're going for I feel it's more of
a if you subscribe to my channel
leave comments everyday sometimes you
favorite I like it
that makes me happy in every way thank
you for subscribing to my channel on
YouTube thank you for subscribing to my
channel
