trying something new today I'm leaving
like 15-minute area it's only 15 minutes
but seem like there's a lot less traffic
which is kind of nice
I already did because I wanted more time
in the morning plus we have this like
kind of a flexi sepia thing where it's
like if I go in like an hour area I can
leave like an hour later but before I
was all like how's the Wang get up to Le
you know but this new room this new
lifestyle choice my new name for it
damn it definitely feels me more
energized and I feel like when I get up
in the morning I'm not as tired anymore
so I'm kind of thinking like whoa hold
on a second like I'm not tired in the
morning time just glad that I'm waking
up I wake up like before your alarm like
a little bit before the alarm you know
and I'm playing with dogs there and
indicating alarm goes off a little while
later I'm thinking like why don't I just
get up and then that means I can go home
right here plus get a lot brighter which
is much more of an incentive to get out
earlier before it was like what you need
there four or five this really matter
cuz like it's just dark and dreary and
blah blah blah but now it's like really
bright and stuff and it's like for a
second I could actually achieve things I
could actually achieve things but that
mean it'd be probably more content on
the blog because it would be dark and
dreary
so it's good plan and you guys do flexi
time I don't need to do flexi time if
you're in school because well everyone
would be a little over a flexible if you
know what I'm saying
another day driving home in the whole
lot in the brightness loves it loves the
brightness love's a brightness home
Drive is the best kind of Drive guys
driving home in the brightness darkness
darkness is a no-no what did darken
assholes is a no-no especially driving
home in a Monday cuz you're thinking
whoa is that our way careful with the
white C's my kitties Taylor the ones
like I'm home to every day look at these
two little monsters hey you watch it
Xena some quiet time here
you guys good mom you guys get for Mom
today huh hmm what you know any bad
winds any bald wind hmm
I love salmon salmon salmon salmon and
salad someone salad salmon salmon salad
guys I want to have a bit of a rind here
right I want to I want to ask you guys
some sort of advice because you're like
I was just saying that and I was like
some of you guys I consider like my
internet parents you know hey and sudden
you're like my internet brothers and
sisters and so we like my internet kids
okay we have different relationships you
know and this is where he's right this
is one of the times in relationship
where I just want to talk to you guys
and I want to explain a sort of a
situation that's unfolded and I kind of
need some advice and normally the people
that I'd go to for this kind of advice
they're not really in my life anymore
and I've been kind of lost for a while
we're coming up to our wedding you know
which is a couple of months away and one
of the questions that has asked me um
for quite some time it's like about
inviting my parents you know obviously
gonna invite my mother but when it comes
to fighting my father it's like it's
very very conflicting because some of
you may or may not know or may have been
subscribed to us long enough to know
that last year my father remarried and
during the wedding ceremony there was a
small bit of drama which escalated and
escalated and escalated to sort of you
know upsetting Anna and then Alan's
family and it got very aggressive it's
got very silly and you know it went on
it was unresolved you know I don't go
too much into detail but it was pretty
crazy and you know time you know time
has gone by and nothing's ever happens
you know and then when we got engaged
you know I called Mike I called my whole
family you know and I called my dad and
he was still annoying stupid like you
know and I sat there and I didn't I
didn't Roberto I just sat there calmly
you know and anyone that knows me know
I'm very very converse and I'm very
patient you know I can I cannot
someone's down right beside me and
scream as loud as they want and what I
normally do is that
my brain in my in my inside head I
always like taking what everyone's
saying I always try and see from their
point of view and from my point of view
and try to figure out are they right was
I in the wrong were they in the wrong I
teach you that all the time you know I
know sometimes when she's fighting with
me I would she say that to me and she'd
be like are you not listening I'm like
you know what I think I was wrong I was
there and I'm like why can't you be like
that why can't Jesus calmly look at the
situation stop and go like you know what
I think I was wrong it's like she does
so you know and I put it on speakerphone
because I want Anna to to know that like
you know it wasn't just you know she's
always like why didn't you say why did
you say that to him and said that's not
who I am you know I'm I'm a processor
you know I take information and I
process the information I analytically
look at the situation I try and see it
from both angles and both point of views
and if I feel that there's a valid
situation where I have done wrong then I
feel that yeah I'll apologize and I will
feel that it's my fault and I can
rectify the situation but this
particular situation it wasn't it I
wasn't involved I felt that they were
subjecting Anna to almost harassment
over this situation which do indirectly
does not affect Anna it's it's my father
who got my therefore the problem should
lie with me and I should be the point of
contact but not but it was going past so
the situation escalated out of control
Pio Pio and of my reach anyway so you
know once it's gone by we got engaged I
ran them the anger was back it was right
there who scream at and it was like why
like why is this here you know so we
ended a conversation and that was I
don't know when that was that was a
couple of months back you know what I
said and then we you know we're like
okay playing wedding we're putting names
down and stuff and then I was deciding
like you know do you invite them and
most you guys know Anna's dad passed
away two years ago so Anna doesn't have
a father in her life but I do but I
don't you know I have a distant father
and I feel like there's times in my life
when I really want my father's input but
I don't have that I don't have the
person that to go to to ask advice to
and when it's going towards my wedding
it's like
I want the symbolism of my parents
present even though my parents have gone
off and they have differentials of
different people I still want to
experience both my parents at what is a
very important time for me you know and
I'm kind of torn between what to do now
so Christmas came new your scam I heard
nothing and it's my birthday in like
five days afford it it's not something
my birthday's coming up on Sunday right
and you know I haven't heard anything
from my dad
you know and I'm kind of like is this
the cutoff line is this the point where
I have to say you know this is almost a
year now I haven't heard anything should
you know what point should I say no you
know like what point should I should I
stop and say that's it you know take
their name don't put him what do I just
go ahead and invite them where you know
it's like I know I don't want this guy
on my life I really don't like I left a
long time ago to you know if you look at
my what is the path to enlightenment or
whatever hello I've you know the video
where I wanted to create the person I
wanted him what pursuit of happiness
because I wanted to pursue my happiness
you know and I left home you know nough
and I moved away to different city and I
braces he stripped my entire life apart
I was like an onion I was completely
open and I took out all the layers
because I wanted to restart my life I
wanted to strip away all the things I
didn't like about myself and I actually
did that and it was really really
difficult to do but forever I feel that
when I go home I'm judged by my family
on being the person I was they won't
allow me they won't allow themselves to
understand that I I blossomed as a new
person you know a new person that's
different you know when I feel that like
this is all stemming from their
misunderstanding of Who I am
they're they're trying to judge me on
the person I used to be and not allowing
me to become the person I am now and now
you know that was fine we had a dis
relationship we're over new K and then
we came back and it's like all this crap
has happened and I just I just really
don't know what to do
I don't know should I invite them or
should I not invite them you know and
that's why you know I'm pretty sure I'm
not gonna watch
videos but if you guys if you guys could
just like I don't know if you guys are
married or if you guys are coming up to
marriage or anyone that thinks you know
ki how do you feel what do you think I
should do because you know the
analytical point of view the person
inside me is saying you know what if you
regret what if you don't invite you
meaning you Greta Fred's my life but
then there's the other side which is
like what if you doing they try and
spoil your day or what if you do and
it's not fair and Alan you know it's a
50/50 wedding it's half her wedding half
my wedding and I just I'm I'm just
really really torn and I don't know what
to do so I thought I would turn to my
internet parents I taught you guys
whoever whichever ones have you already
internet parents I have the internet
kids internet kids leave the room come
back and come again I was only kidding
honey that's only kiddin you know but um
if you have any advice if you have
anything to say you know leave me a
comment you know I feel like you know I
mean really open with you guys cuz I
know we're kind of like a family at this
stage you know 240 days later where's
the family I just I just feel like I've
got no one else in my life that I can
talk to about this and you guys you know
some of the comments you leave how
really you know I'm dead on so I'm kind
of hoping someone's gonna have the
answer apparently Smarties have the
answer and that is how you get rid of
anger you know guys I had actually
intended on leaving the blog at that but
I just came in after having a shower and
I just looked at Facebook and you know
what guys I love you you always make me
so happy and said hugs anyone and lo and
behold the community responded hugs for
Nathan you guys are awesome and of
course people on Twitter also our rock
and roll you guys always make me happy
why did I do it idea huh give me a hug
give me a hug come come
