mmm pasta boggle
so I decided to order the vegetarian
bagel but then I got a side order of
chicken on top of my vegetarian vases so
it's like it's got the vegetarian so you
guys everything everything seems like
Jesus Jesus like staple you know we
ditched to the housing at ourselves a
nice munch I did say a face book down
the side down our Facebook and Twitter
it depends on where you answer but a
couple of people come back with like
Nando's now this is when people say like
bagel bar and it was like nanos and
bagel bar and I know it's bagel bar and
then I was just a bagel bar which
probably better for you because next
week I gotta lose another fiber which is
than 10 so catches on specials on was a
tasty meal guys carrion wasn't feta
cheese
well
is more food I keep ending up eating
food and now it's now it's like like me
at the prawns or shrimp if you guys are
saying it's like what's a fraud it's a
shrimp just om yeah it's like this right
you know it's like I was like oh you
want that I'm like why are my cucumbers
and I'm like
so I'm like I don't like prawns I don't
like shrimps and I don't like cucumber
and stuff it's like I'm like now I just
like I'm totally defeated I'm just like
yeah okay I'll take it's like yeah even
if I train when yeah I'll take it
then I'm like eating it and then I
actually end up liking it you know not
crazy
that's that's it that's it that's the
head guys you know so I think so many
people say that you know even if you
don't and you never tried a field I'm so
bad at that like because of the look of
the food or something like that I
entered the saying like I don't like it
I don't actually I've never tried it I
have no idea why I don't like it but for
some reason I just say I don't like it I
don't know I believed the parents do you
blame the parents parents
guys we've also made an observation this
is really funny but it is really quickly
as I get any one space or anyone
actually is in one of these cubes right
and follow me right
we have McDonald's fasting any Rockets
fasting leg of our kind of healthiest
food abracadabra fast food and KFC
fasting so we have McDonald's queue any
Rockets too expensive bagel bar
no one abracadabra in KFC hope it's
crazy like massive to use in all like
the fast food one and then vega bar is
like empty it's like so that's what we
know that that is they've actually
skimmed up who is no sun-dried tomatoes
in the bago for those more cheese we're
like they're probably trying to compete
with like the bathrooms are like we put
more feta cheese goes that's the plan
now what do we have to do
Oh
Oh
but for you guys it's gonna be a push on
the finger
for example I'm probably home in like a
moment's time do you think I'd look good
of blue hair because I just had a
conversation with Shauna who is La
Jayden let me just turn it here this is
her YouTube Lulu balances partners watch
dare to be different
only check it out if you dare to be
different but I was just in a twin and I
was like cuz I was like my hair's kind
of grown back now I was thinking what
should I do it it's right just leave it
all a cliff Luffy you know or should I
like cut it again or shave it again or
let it go long and then I was like she's
got like blue hair was he pink hair
ain't your blue hair me it's green she
keeps changing her but I was like should
I go my blue yeah no just just he
suggested which I got I was challenged
she's like cool no I was thinking I
should do a video about like all the
Irish channels that I like I know I'm a
friend of arts did one recently and she
like spotting those and she meant to two
channels I never heard it before I was
up why cuz like you always see them ago
the Americans stick together now the
Canadians and Europeans no the English
people then it's like just sort of
there's this very tiny community and
Ireland of people that are actually
creating content for YouTube and I feel
like there's not there's not enough like
connection between all the channels you
know just like one or two channels that
are off doing their thing and there's a
couple of channels over there and
there's a few channels over here they're
all doing the same thing but none of
them are talking to each other and then
there's like if you scan analyze these
channels are over the place we're not
really like communicating I think it
would better the entire community and we
are like kind of talking along because
one of the big problems with having a
channel in Ireland it's like there's
only like a million peacock it's like
three million people living in the
country versus like the 50 million that
are probably in England or the billion
trillion diner in the US you know it's
kind of it's very difficult because you
our channel page is only viewed by a
very not very small amount but like
something in the thousands or maybe even
100 times versus the millions that look
at it in the US and Canada and Europe
and stuff so we are segregated from the
pointy bit so I just felt like people
need to the channels that are actually
are producing content to partner
channels out there that are kind of
like officially sort of you know out
there doing stuff they really need to
like come together in order you know I
don't know I just kind of feel away and
I'm like maybe maybe we should do
something light you know because they
have like am the the us have that VidCon
thing you know but there's nothing over
here for us there's nothing here to kind
of you know moist just together and
become one
Umesh you some sort of like a video
where I put my top five ten is there
even ten I don't even know if it is ten
partner channels in Arlen but there's
loads of like you know Ortiz apartment
channel or TVs reason partner channel or
it was like partner channels deadened
aren't when you're battling I'm talking
about like human partner channels or
maybe we should use some sort of likely
we could organize some sort of a big
meetup thing and you guys seed yeah
tweet or what on a set on her Facebook
page we're poor little Cena for the Lucy
Neven she's okay now though was it was
mister pop the door for like a good no I
just picked her up Squasher and I said
alright go to one no she was point it
didn't slam on her thank God for the
slam broken but it closed like slowly on
her
like him running down the stairs I was
like sucked in here I was like Shh come
on and then I just let her out to pee
the first time since that happened and
he held the door open I was like
standing at the door because it's the
wind that keeps blowing it closed it's
really dangerous so I stood there the
whole time she went to pee then she came
back in those benches Brandon close the
doors
it's a brave one well sort wouldn't
close cuz the winner is plugging it the
other way she's a brave one though yeah
she is what we knew we'd have a tree
like a dog and a one night puppy right
now we have quite a little circus going
on I tell ya
you look so happy a car at auction
mushrooms can never have enough
mushrooms what's your favorite mushy
they don't know
is it all just Tesco run there's no
organic farmer one
so much info about that one there
I'm sorry can they get the hand side
to the best ones now
let's step really funny reflection over
here I check this out right if you I get
some of that folks like just a boot with
the cakes and boots cakes and boots
action so we just bought fresh fish and
there's never really bought fresh shoes
before idea we're like totally cool
we're like it's breaking rules where we
go cinemas on oh do you have the machine
or does it come with emotion properties
asparagus ones look roasted vegetables
those of weird guys stay away from those
ones
really struggling here to get a want
Monday Tuesday Wednesday look trying her
hardest you got the rice you get the
salmon got these massive mushing
meetings and she can making the steaks
in a Lazaro with funky funky risotto
this is the face of concentration look
at that
I give this I won't get one free it's my
favorite saying it's like my slogan it's
like what I'm known for
yeah which ones you go it mascarpone
mascarpone a look at this and any bought
this guy's but it turns out this is just
sauce that's all it is so that would
have been a mistake
I think these are all just sauces feel
of chicken sauce chickpeas so I'm gonna
go with the chicken today or Castro
which was super nice Monday
and then I'm gonna go chicken potato
casserole which is it I'm probably
chicken casserole can I do that can I
get the chicken potato casserole every
day I know you're all probably like you
can't be putting the same dudes every
single day but guys you know baby steps
baby steps I alternate these tray of
these bad boys yeah
and they're cheaper
you very rarely got cheaper organic
things looks like a million times the
price that's good huh you can get
custard creams what you got there what
is it
I'm Jovi's can I get them they look a
bit fishy to me
I don't know if I'd like them though and
there were other things used to binding
on all the time the little fish bits the
rolls
Rollmops anchovies I will never be sick
on ever viewer told me a few weeks ago
that my basket was gonna look like this
with like organic kidney beans and fresh
food I would have said you probably know
yourself 1:36 guys they don't got no
sense in these pigs have you got what do
you guys think is this right
pretzels salted pretzels from Penn State
is in Penn State in America would you
Hobie's novel he's nuts
smoking bar with your favorite coated
peanuts I know that no he's not
what mundos Christmas look it asides the
little doggy thing that we have to buy
they've got a big one for luck for
adults small/medium let me get that for
Abbey
he's like a senior what about my dress
no no my dress those kids will be the
bankruptcy of me like when I'm working
out guys all the time I don't have like
one as I do on my good manners and I'm
worried if they're gonna get wrecked so
I need to
I like those yeah what's wrong with
those ones these ones it'll come fear
for some reason
I don't know but you like the little
slip-on ones quietly in a way well then
get them all right
nice go for the gym
I like them you could even wear them I
hope I wouldn't I wouldn't kill you
alright I just hate those which these
I feel like you need some of these
Jonathan what does that meet them is
that one little thing for him sexy tight
no I don't like no one thought about
comfortable comfort you know that looks
gross more like
but whatever you feel comfortable yo
look I won't I start running outside by
proper running shoes okay so I don't
destroy my needles it's a mess remaking
but what about these because that's
that's kind of like what my body looks
like elephant trunks
jersey wannabe jerseylicious if I wore
those ones I a so we're looking for guys
yeah 100% cotton boom doesn't like one
size fits all large think I'm a large he
probably me fat maybe I'm not largely
anymore you're gonna buy the large
