there is like a crazy wind storm
sweeping the country right now I want to
show you guys I'm gonna show you guys
how crazy crazy where is he oh I can't
get up there you little fecker mmm
anyway it is crazy
let's close this over guys oh boy oh boy
oh boy it is a windy situation when this
situation while I'm actually waiting for
my fishy fingers to UM cook I decided I
was gonna rapid respond to every comment
that comes in on the vlog because
normally I'm always in work where I'm
away or you never get time back you sit
down open up the bog watch all the
comments come in as you can see here I'm
responding to every single comment so if
you want to be there yes then you talk
to yourself what the hell we're on the
comments what house drove us lost his
mind no no I'm just responding to every
single comment as it comes in and people
probably don't even God
have you come today if you enter
yesterday's video later on like after
the fish fingers have been cooked then
it was all over it was all over folks
she's on there what's she doing there
yesterday
hanging about hanging about yeah yeah
uh-huh God will come down welcome down
what are you doing buddy oh boy
oh boy we can see a trail of destruction
neatly back into the box of toys with
this dragon of destruction
PDS oh goodness
I'll be look at Cena's done to all the
toys she's thinking about she's such a
cutie I'm going took all of the toys out
of the box I think I'll be is explaining
the scene at how you play with toys
properly so that when you do that
it's gonna pop over
yes some money
oh my goodness I love you guys so much
thank you watching so what's happening
now
we're having a girls time you're not
invited hmm
come on Cena let's go mm-hmm what see
who's coming to you're engaged it's
raining outside
she's so cute she wants the rain jacket
now oh you're gonna get in trouble
Athena Cena Cena in trouble I just carry
him Tina
Alvey Cena yeah I'm just gonna carry him
anyway are you gonna miss me
you gonna miss me when you're gone
you trying to do 808 you can I've seen
you what I'll be saying oh wee oh
leontina hey they're jumpers look at the
jumper gang see they're trying to take
your jumper off come on kids in the back
hey Albie dude you look like grandpa
where's Xena where's Xena she back there
are they asleep right there she's like
yeah okay this is how it is go back with
Xena okay come on good boy
good dogs you guys stay there you're a
big boy now now I'm going to girls
coffee last night as Anthony from
jerseylicious would say yeah we're going
to a girls of coffee my mom is having my
dad's old secretary over nama she's old
she's actually young but as in when he
worked at the University she was his
secretary so and she's taking her three
little girls and I'm taking Sina and
I'll be staying home with stop and we're
going old school just me and I'll be
tearing it up you should see this she's
like lying on her little bed because she
has a little blankie back there and then
he's just like
goodbye my love Cena's oxys don't put
this down come on mommy can you pick her
up and pop him in the front or pop them
in the front first hey good boy
my Mina Mina and Sina and avi enjoy us
Oh
let's do this Alabama star holes kick it
up one time
okay so I came home and I've done
nothing but you know black ops are
numerous double xp weekend
I haven't played back ops and ages and I
was like oh I'll go on and I'll play and
I pray a bit and you know what I'm in
came across with my subscribers still be
a kid he's got a channel right
this is his channel here check it out
right the Sylvie's kid if any of you
guys are interested in games he's an
Irish guy he does that like you know
Call of Duty gameplay you know this kind
of stuff for it's like commentaries you
guys are interested in game playing
stuff and all like you know subscribe to
them you know help to help him out
because he's only started off the
channel you know and its really really
tough at the start I was just saying it
to him I was like and he's saying like
God yellow it's a hate and stuff like
that and it's really hard you know when
people are just hating on you for no
reason and you're trying to struggle to
like you know express yourself something
I'll be running to the car because it's
winning the boy
it is raining profusely I'm talking like
a serious ID right let's collect mommy
Abby I'm a big kid not mmm-hmm
indirectly I came here to collect Anna
and now I've been kidnapped and I'm held
against my will and I mean forced to eat
past that food without any chicken in it
you have to say about these allegations
well I just didn't know when I sent you
the text to come and pick me off that
Thursday for do not have busy I was I
had meeting schedules I had an
appointment I had to shift around well
unlike you I got all my work done this
morning so
thank you what you want me to do
why but the news is really important
I'm trying to catch up on the news and
kisses likeness what you prefer would
you prefer instead it is channel 4 news
Sky News BBC News own dress that kind of
hero news watch on we put on go to six
oh five six oh five plus one six oh five
six oh five Nickelodeon
Oh No is this what you wanted huh just
no dairy and Milk Tray decided to play a
song
I won the piano really complicated on
Erica's going to for lent learn her to
play a really complicated piano what was
it called
and what was intended song Beethoven's
moonlight sonata Erica's going to learn
later want me to see if I can stay all
right they're all gone I like the honey
the world and the strawberry kissing you
don't like the strawberry kiss dear
strawberry kiss um you so broke you're
like dairy diet I'm on a dairy diet
therefore eat dairy all the time fight
about this one why do you hate the word
moist so much say it say it that's a
very moist cake it's a moist cake you
know moist what's wrong with the word
but worth you not like your word I have
more is that I don't think there's a
problem with that word do you have word
goodbye right though oh yeah what a lot
of people don't like that word Oh does
it begin with yeah
this is lying that's how she knows if I
was telling you oh no I think she's
having effects of too much chocolate is
that right
okay the hard part is his spelling parks
yeah
oh York I can't spell well you can do it
you have to put him out in the rain
Aaron Johnson ate all the chocolate what
you such a liar yeah Trey no milk
look they hold right we did not yeah you
cannibalized it they couldn't even do it
because that one doesn't even fake
Jordan you're the you're the
while I'm your brain for instance
actually at Emma
