I just had to work at write and I just
had like big workout and I was like rag
that got in the shower and afterwards I
was like oh why don't you check to see
what way - are you know because I
weighed myself with quite a while you
know well in like a week since I've
started doing this M diet stuff and it
turns out that I've actually lost 5
pounds
why now I don't know 5 pounds is good or
5 pounds is bad or white by cons is
because I don't really I'm new to this
whole like lifestyle thing you know but
exactly lifestyle thing that's the kind
of thing that I want to say that I'm or
someone said to me like all you dieting
no I'm not dieting I'm not vegetarian
I'm not vegan I'm not plant-based I'm
like I've made a lifestyle choice to you
know be healthy and be better you know
I'm doing a lot of exercise I'm not
working at a frantically I'm not like on
that the PX p h PX h BB I don't know
this is ting circuit my brother doesn't
you know and he's working really hard
and stuff but I'm not interested in like
you know being a big beef man hey you
know I don't want to like you know push
myself too much you know what Sam what
comes to the food you know I don't you
know I'm not vegetarian because I do
like to eat chicken right you know I
think and I enjoy chicken chicken I got
bad feet you know she's I think if you
start enabling yourself and you start
putting yourself on a diet you put
yourself in all this like ridiculous
pressure you know and it's like if I
dieted myself to be buddy and then like
I didn't have anything I was so hungry
and all that stuff and I was like yeah
I'm skinny and slim but I'm starving and
then you eat it all you have like a
ridiculous like oh wait I can't but I
want to do that I want to be happier I
want to be healthier
I wanna be fitter I just want to be
generally have a better you know
lifestyle you know based on you know
cutting out things down I'm like okay
we're like okay so I don't eat red meat
because you know it's high in
cholesterol it's got lots of facts and
stuff and there's lots of you know
improving and dietary things that it
does is I was like okay well you know
what I'll cut that out because I don't
really depend on it so much I eat it
more out of laziness so I can go ahead
and not have that my diet anymore you
know dairy thing hmm I don't really put
a little bit of milk on my coffee back
to bed it and then there's some other
things and then it comes to chocolate I
don't want to give up
but therefore I'm not gonna be a beating
because I'm not gonna be a hundred
percent dairy-free I'm just gonna be
like I'm just gonna be like javis who's
like five pounds slimmer boom so I don't
know no they just want to share that
with you guys so like if you're on a
diagnostic don't press yourself too much
don't don't be opression yourself yo
we're going to tell Co to get some
ingredients for our meal tonight because
it's family Friday and my mom and my
sisters are coming over for dinner like
we do most Friday's like we do arthritis
like most civilized folks yes and the
puppies are at home the puppies are at
home actually I was going to get Lincoln
to drive us and then I remembered that
Lincoln and Veronica had the weekend off
you know spotter gardening down in
Vermont Street so we decided that hey
let's nip over to the old Tesco you know
for a mingle with the common folk you
know just so we're hip to the jive so
that's what we're doing what are we
going for dinner from I'll come along
now problems like the little squiggly
things know the king prawns so they're
quite big yeah boy are getting me what's
it
another thing he likes don't I know I've
had a week I like it that's nice I feel
like come on like I always do I always
got melon whereas I'm like no I know
because they had that purple paste and I
do not like the purple there's no purple
paste and the one that I'm making you're
gonna have them here by garden 169 for
an entire tree yeah yeah that's pretty
cheap man is there any way to sell them
like you somewhere else
running its tree
tomatoes
no it's not Oh singular tomorrow's and
then we need
and go to plant
No
it's got green stuff
I never know
just being honest like I don't know I'm
afraid of king prawns I don't even know
what that tastes like
what about this guy here fishy fish have
you got them here look what this place
you know it's actually like fish can't
aren't you
for the American Funds headless king
wants
just standards King fonts is that the
right size everything
it's very small back though today they
are
I think the under this is meaning so
it's like spaghetti
it means like linguini means also it's
like talking Italians that
you have a nice lingua bells you have to
wait like personal course
dad you're stupid
well you had to throw booty today was it
good yeah
realize which is really really high this
test go here as long you got like one
small time you know paying dedicated
than sharing it was like no vegetarian
food here at all looking for my family
like I said and this is something that
we do we try to do every Friday we call
it family Friday sometimes it's Saturday
though just depending on what people are
doing but this is gonna look really
really weird and funny but I'm just
doing this for my blog because I like to
post recipes sometimes and stuff like
that so this is gonna look really really
funny but this is basically what I'm
making
see how it's all laid out I tried to lay
it out kind of like artistically so that
it would be come out nice and pictures
but it looks kind of weird in real life
it just looks like I'm on some kind of
cooking show or something but anyways I
better hurry up because I'm kind of vlog
and like blog I suppose at the same time
like take pictures and then also cook so
the dogs are waiting for my mom and my
two sisters they're really excited as I
told them they're coming because I know
their names so I said their names to
them and they understand it's so cute
anyways so I'm gonna make my pasta it's
basically
linguine with prawns and cherry tomatoes
and it's actually a really healthy at
recipe and it's if you don't eat meat or
dairy but if you do eat fish then it's a
good recipe for you
what are you guys doing you guys didn't
know I was there so I made he's playing
the pasta now and subscribe like walking
it so I just looked at me cuz I'm like
talking to myself in the camera anyways
um so I'm going the pasta and lucky I'm
not using there I'm just boiling the
water but because I hate I don't really
like cooking and I really like baking I
always turn any kind of cooking that I
make or that I do into like a baking
thing and now I weigh everything and I
think I can't do that kind of slapdash
like you know a little bit of something
here a little bit of something there I
can't do that I'm just not talented
enough like that cooking to do that so
I'm weighing at my pasta you know that's
like probably really weird thing to do
but with baking you have to weigh
everything out and I really like that
methodical like approach I was talking
about this in my video on my own channel
but so that's what I do
you know what's really weird and my
whole family always like make fun of me
for doing stuff like that they're always
like you're so weird that you do not
like that's not normal and even like for
my harsh which to me that's cooking like
porridge in the morning cooking even
though each other's honey isn't I will
wait out limbs or not wait but I'll
measure out my milk because I don't like
if it's a little bit off like the ratio
of like milk to cereal not cereal like
porridge you know cuz if you cook it and
it's too milky or whatever you just hate
that so my I remember my grandma saw me
doing
once she was like what are you doing why
are you measuring at your milk and I was
like she was like do you not know just
do not like instinctively know and I was
like no so I thought we're gonna have a
slight problem but I think I managed to
divert the process or whatever you say
it um we're not divert it I've hurt the
crisis I think I did because I don't
have a pop ups big enough because
there's only two of us here so my pasta
right now is it's pretty full like it's
it's kind of overflowing but I think
it'll be okay so I need to get a bigger
pot and that's that's been a problem
before I near the link we met so they're
not like they're like spaghetti they're
long so they were like a minute ago most
of the possums like I would rock the pot
but now I managed to get it all back in
so so far so good I think and this is
the book that I'm using maryclaire real
and simple it's actually really good and
it's got pictures of pretty models in it
so I like it see yeah yeah
is that
do Twinkle Twinkle one will make it up
you go along here we go it doesn't
matter
just do something Erica Saucony Dave you
name was Erica Ciccone
that was good sir coolie to play the
guitar like a mean little pony pony
access to it just trying to get the ton
the tone when the fretboard right get
the hands right because myself and Eric
I came up with a song about a year or
two ago and it was called mommy in the
mashed potato and when we have been
forever thinking of a time that we will
let you guys know that Mommy and mashed
potato and I think that time is it's
coming soon
it's going to be the best song ever
heard in your entire lives seriously
mommy and I mashed potato mind-blowing
stuff lyrics that are gonna question the
very fabric of your existence is now
right place out there
