let's just ensure we're in focus we'll
wait there we go
quick question guys any of you guys on
an alpha male 1 5 6 because I can't for
the life of me figure out where the
coffee cup holder thing is I'm a
traveling man with my coffee cup I got a
thermos toss I got a coffee cup I'm a
travelin man I got a car because but I
don't got nowhere to put my coffee cup a
travelin man on the road today I want to
drink my except me kappa i can't find
anywhere to put it inside the car put it
inside the car it's home time homely
home time it's time to it's bright
outside
it's a bright time goodbye university i
will see you next week
behave yourself and whatever you do
don't drink and drive money could be an
interest maybe cuz we get a new dynasty
down he's like my assistant I have an
assistant an assistant true
awesomeness there's no idea that I am
the dopest hey guys no idea and he is
assistant to the Joe face no no he's not
assistant he's assistant to mr. jonathan
turley mr. Jonathan Gary MSC be a honest
yes hello I am
I'm mr. Drazen Tony and I'm Aiman I am
from the formerly academia and I'm very
very important that I speak with
importance mm-hmm
actually I'm pretty much the exact same
as I am as the Gomez acept I may not use
the word chocolate Oh bagel slicing and
so on and so forth in a professional
environment but that's why I work in
University cause it ain't a professional
environment but anyway that's fun in it
also I'm getting new computers the
agreement I'll take an assistant and I
will train him
you must give me computers pay me which
computer what holds work so is a lot
more enjoyable and walk I wanna meet
Beast
what's a carrot did they like carrots
monster new favorite treat is carrots a
new favorite treat
Xena because that crunchy crunchy with
it
alright so how does this come along at
the TARDIS you can't it doesn't she
still feels a little chunky
I wanna meet peas that's not a mean
taste I use them
I'll have it I'll have it in a moment
I'll have it in a moment I need to
prepare myself I need to prepare myself
for the prepare zone audience it's not
something it wants
I wanna meet feast that's not a meat
feast but it's a good feast that's good
for you and me but I wanna make peace
that's not a meat feast but it's a good
piece tip for you and me what do you
think guys does that like yummy
are you jealous are you jealous you
should be you should be because I got to
love meat in this just lovely
Linden's this is sometimes the healthy
food doesn't taste that bad
what did you have Oh what did you have
that was new today Xena some peanut
butter and some carrots Oh healthy stuff
okay and how do you feel you feel
slimmer yeah why are you biting my
finger some meat in my diet my dietary
requirements ow
Xena no bite cease ah you may kiss me on
the lips
ha did you do peepees outside with me
and she popped me in the crate she put
me in the crate for a little while with
Alby then I had to put you in the great
cuz we will be involved you bit my ankle
do you remember yeah you wait gonna give
me a kiss
Sina good girl
okay try not to fight me though no
biteys who'd you love better mom or dad
kiss the person that you love best Cena
Cena sucks
Tina sucks so you know so excite the
person that you love nest okay it's
obviously me this little piggy went to
market this is my big news day at home
this little piggy I can't remember what
he did Jonathan you know what the little
piggy thing is again yeah no no no
there's one in the middle it goes this
little piggy went to market this little
piggy stayed home
this is a piggy why what tell me if you
know this little piggy went to market
this little piggy stayed home
this little piggy what did he do
I feel like he ate something ate pork
chops no I'm just kidding
this little piggy something oh no wait
this little piggy I don't know but how
could that be possible because there's
supposed to be five pigs not only for
this little piggy went to market this
little piggy stayed home
this little pee blah blah blah maybe I'm
missing two of them here's the deal okay
do you guys follow me on Twitter because
recently I've gone my crazy on Twitter I
don't know just like I've just wasted me
and put it right up Faton clarified
Twitter afraid just fun Easter right you
just kind of say stuff and then have
Facebook but then people like start
responding himself and that's like
that's kind of fun like so like you know
what I mean Twitter is kind of fun it's
really fast as well like you know I
don't know that's like crying sold
replying slower than someone else and
someone else's then you know you haven't
the bad there Lantern so Irish but
anyway check me on Twitter I'm heading
to Tesco nay I am driving to Tesco
because I am about to buy so many
peppery cream eggs chocolatey outside
wood creamy gooey inside that I'm going
to need a car yeah I'm gonna need a
truck I'm going to need a jumbo jet
Harrier transformer some sort of device
system that can carry all the cream eggs
in the world I mean so good I will be on
the cycling bike twice as much tomorrow
Twista stick of the pista stick on
please
that's pretty good I will I will do that
I will do that because I don't know I
just you know I'm only human
I'm only human love sad oh it's actually
what you guys know that sound
I can't even TK these things that I know
who ever think that leave me a comment
you think that's I can't remember I
think I think I know it is but I'm I'm
struggling mm-hmm friend of mine
Lionheart right she's like this
professional actress girl right her
friend she put on Facebook ages ago to
her friend her was on this Irish show
called take me out right which is this
like if you see this on TV tree it's
like maybe I feeling nothing it's out
portent correct because it's like all
these girls sign up these like 30 girls
and a guy comes out and they pray they
do Michael Kyle like the am not sure
where the people dance and singing
something and the excellent was
something was kind of that sure right
well her friend Owen is so funny right
and she's like no joke about things on
this I was watching it and she I don't
know it's just really really charismatic
the topless but she's just really funny
and I was like oh my god it's okay so I
just said to Elaine a minute ago I was
like oh my god your friend is so plate
and oh and left me a comment underneath
like oh my god thanks a lot and I was
like and actually for a moment I was
kinda like hey that's the girl from TV
you know what I like
that's so cool like cuz she's like the
one that's really really funny in the
show
I hope she'd never get to date because
she's so entertaining do you guys watch
take me out if you're in Ireland your
line goes right
pesco time okay so I'm not actually
driving because I myself do some sort of
a little walkies but with your ponytail
back and forth with your ponytail back
and forth with your ponytail back and
forth oh yeah oh yeah that's you know
hot chick let me see a hot chick walking
in right here we go
hot chick pass me at hotties oh yeah as
a hot chick I could super high she's got
a super cool ponytail please point me
the way of your
honey breeze cream eggs and just bring
your truck around back wait grab that
trolley let's fill that are we taking
all that scope just go put it in a
trolley let's just get out of here
yep that you do we do like our honey
roast ham
and they come back you miss like you
create a print knows what we're looking
to do here is we're looking to minimize
the damage
Nina munch need a crunch need to
minimize the damage all right so we're
thinking Queen Anne's we make family no
no because I want fun because I like
cheese on them
I want fundings fundings got brown bread
all right is quite becoming of you
they're quite becoming of a woman a
woman a woman live becoming that is the
kind of thing you think to find you know
brioche cross on jumper it is nice maybe
maybe oh yeah yeah pair it with some
man's house I like it I like it all
sorted I just don't know if there's
enough right there cream eggs like I
don't know if that's enough do you think
that's enough I just don't know it's
tree for 150 so how much is it
so I don't even don't need'em has though
I'm interacting one here us let's get
yourself some Gretchen advice
