provided I have enough battery power and
cameras think I ran from so many cameras
so many timers I like this camera though
because of its smooth edgings it's kind
of easy to hold you know it's just that
all three miking awesome
how many direction of my where to point
Direction micro voice is awesome but
sometimes like playing a piano because
you're like trying to hold a bike trying
to hold the camera no like this
you find like dance your fingers all
over the place trying to avoid the
microphone
whoo guys guys guys check this out right
can you guys tell me what song starts
off something like that something like
that exactly that's right there might be
the wrong words or translations or so on
and so forth but it's our thought
something like even something like that
right in the commenter's if you know the
answer when I returned from my voyage I
should address the situation and I shall
have a winner but normally I don't even
need to say anyone because you know it's
all in the comments it's all go around
in the comments speaking of comments I
got 56 comments and my iphone to read
but there's no traffic so deride
attendant in traffic in the morning I
don't depend on traffic in the morning I
don't wanna talk in the morning some
solutions of life but however if there
is traffic in the morning I like to whip
out my iPhone I like to move my car man
thoughts and I think I accidentally am
completely dehydrated myself because I
worked at so high last night and I
didn't get any I didn't actually get any
water or anything so I'm heading over
now to totally read you hydrate myself
look anything drink like two liters of
water than the daily do you know what it
is
crisis averted
is rehydrated another drive home into
brightness loves it loves it ho lordy
Lordy me whoever's in charge of the Sun
turning light switch off thing thanks a
lot thanks a lot for slowing down the
dimmer switch today and keeping it just
a little bit brighter you know I say we
move studio right so now I can actually
see the Sun going down right and I watch
the Sun kind of drift down over to
Horizon today and I was like looking at
the clock on like I don't think I'm
gonna get out of here before the Sun
Goes Down so well these things happen
now cuz Nina's probably not that so I'm
gonna have myself a little scrunchy to
munchies because I don't know I can't
see a part in future but I've been so
good at everything else so good did you
guys get up to today huh how's your day
mean oh goodness
mm-hmm she's just reading the times you
reading the dog B times the doggy news
you can almost stand up sometimes you
know what that mm-hmm
where's my little boy where's my baby
boy oh you can't get up see nice thank
you mommy that's pretty way it goes up
goes get away from your craziness
craziness okay she what are you trying
to do do you want to get up put down
annoy here brother okay I left your feet
don't be bow to your brother won't be
good to you bro he might eat you
so the first thing you do when I let you
up here is you chew on this like Cena
like a yourself silly
hmm
she's like jumped off she's like ooh mmm
scum little anxious Cena has found in a
past time she seems too hard she stopped
you were nearly cut there yeah you want
to get out of the little one mm-hmm she
said you met her she said Jim Messer
she's like digging a hole into like the
water bowl but there's like a full water
ball right beside her and she should
she just doesn't for attention to little
pecker these coffee things for the
morning time because now I never get to
have my coffee and I always wanted and
then I always have to get in the car and
go look if I can't wanted eastings you
know they'll tell most things it's like
you put the coffee in get in the car and
go
huh no sir we did the whole shop and
stuff just as we were coming out realize
I forgot Albion seeing it didn't ins so
I can go back and get some know when we
get the items small things smell really
sell it a tiny little if I give it which
is way too annoying theater like
pedigrees and bakers and stuff is a huge
big box and then you're going to enter
to go with them but then you know no be
bad so it's like getting this they run
through this stuff like every like one a
week or something like that
I don't know must be a better way right
guys so you all told me about a million
different languages and what fish
fingers are and I'm going to read I'm
gonna try my best actually pronounced
most of these so this is oh it's okay
these are some Polaroids oh yeah
and it's top rate isn't it Jindo Bray
Jindo Bray that's not that's kind of
Italian who do you say Chopra chase Jim
go play am I saying I'm kind of wrong I
don't know so fish fingers in Polish the
word is Pulaski Roopa Denis Paul pal
escape rebeaning I don't know 15 German
are called
fish stabbed of Incheon fish stock
chicken destruction fish traps in yeah
that's his prescription that's his
description hey Swahili is Samak i vid
ole samurai-sama capital come on
Indonesian it's I can er I enjoy so the
nasal
chest it's really past three sorry
I'm scared fine in Swedish it is fish
pin our fish in our in our let's Wayne
Ian it is oh goodness
there's like a little
these little dots and happily Zulu
pierced a layer subbu pills tell Lydia
in Spanish pay a total pescado paw Pato
Pato de pescado in French its bonnet a
deposal ground zero so croatian is ribs
right rib how can i how can a word have
or ib l ji Ripa stop stop stop
pickle ribbon it just okay don't think
that's right Serbian revision food
finish this biscuit finger in Romanian
crotch a PTSD in Canada connect Canadia
the call of fish steak
I don't nobody except you from there in
Bulgarian is
boom Nikki penny who live in the middle
I don't even know that's word
it actually looks backwards to me
remaining its projected didn't tasty
finish its
teleport cutter and mat chilly it's
further my Chilean murder
I don't even know that the language or
that saying in my Mac chalet earned its
and earth - I I don't even understand
that myself okay in Hebrew it's it's a
bow take that in Portuguese it's derp
derp on the holes there are giggles bar
because Randy hos what in America they
call a fish in Latin is bacala ps3
Pierce 50 on valium in Swahili it's Sam
akka Sam acai Vidura
stomach at the door give me a plate
Islamic art at all it is another one for
Portuguese but it's different
d-does depicts the needles defeat deed
of be pixie Switzerland and Swiss it's
fish fish stout bullets got em lad so
it's fish time in Australia they call
good ol fish fingers Mike but a few fish
fingers on the body in Japan its
squiggly squiggly squiggly squiggly I
don't even know how to pronounce that
wait what is that hun by fish finger I
have no idea I don't even know what I
mean is
I don't even understand your alphabet oh
goodness oh goodness me
Oh in Native America in so Native
American got Apache and Navajo Apache is
it's a long dish Rakesh know of course
that there's a little line change that
Tok Tok is your luggage and the Navajo
it's like oh I got a little ducks in
your eyes this is amazing all these
languages what a codfish fingers would
be available everywhere in Greek it's
pass our car called TS oh yes or what
fish sticks what party I mean even words
this could possibly be real words
