we're heading to the game number partly
drying let's say I think is sleeping I'm
not sure
yeah Lesbia she kind of left a long day
but okay because we're not going to
really be in any kind of routine today
being as we're going to a festival
partying and she is probably just going
to be like one of goal all day and being
passed around well I say that like
hopefully palette we would be very
interested we've been given some
assurance that the reason will be passed
around and return to a some time
tomorrow
fair I'm happy well she can't be fed
because she's not taking her bottle I'll
go again more likely no too much
laughter Piper I've heard that your
Christmas is catered to here on
frutillar to your attention milkman
no no they can but like so I think I do
think into I don't think it's a mess
with your lawyer your baby your milk and
changes color
because it has more light for any one
specific oh I had law distress that was
like a breastfeeding dress and it was
really cute I think I might know where
it may be next week when I'm trappin not
what I'm probably would like is there
like a dinner yes I think I might do
that then because they really like dress
but it was a cocktail dress and the
theme for this party is festival entire
so I'm wearing a monster instead at
educating and also there's actually not
a lot of options for me in my wardrobe
right there was a lot of things night
trying to fit into things but they're
just tight you know and that's not so
fine and
a little spicy
and aren't just got in their hotel room
oh my god it's so nice presence it looks
like it is view from the hotel room guys
I cannot stay here and enjoy because I
need to leave right now because we're so
late phone glasses cleaner always
keeping old glasses Kino Newlands you
know for no one and keep the room that's
all I need
all going to be nice because we're going
to be going for a few hours and it might
get cold where we'll have the zone dog
hello yeah hello hello haha you ready
for your first festival the first party
festival give show me your party face no
that's your poo face your party face hmm
that's kind of like tui hungry face
you're so cute
just like Amelia now at our both
oh my goodness into this place it's so
cool and this is like the baby area we
just came in here though this is cool
here like to find that size this is
amazing you know I don't dismiss me
where do you do the stage shows
I'll look at the stage door is this
where you're feeding or just do the
tables there Oh laughs you know type of
tutorial is open it's an adventure so it
could be creative without parole is a
little dangerous huh me neither going
right here huh you the difference guys
with this year and all the other team
events we've gone to for so many
children now everyone's had babies it's
great hey you all right Anna wants to go
in I mean a fortune-teller
all right go sit in a little chair I was
someone else all right we're going to
and it's going to find out for crystal
powers Alessia is officially fast asleep
nice are you going to get your challenge
why would you face
I was thinking we should either let's do
some of that
grab whatever Christian sighs talk to
you can do the same over there that was
just my purse as well and you get all
the surveillance clubs and being
assaulted me
there's a very deep side to it and I
you're an amazing month in person to it
like a duck to water even you're not
sleeping if you're doing really well and
I think another very healthy way but
it's yeah it's not easy seeing and doing
all of that but there's a bit of depth
to go with a deep side that at first
value people might not understand the
ones grabbed onto you're just a flimsy
we don't really closely okay so if
anything like that
you're quite intense incredibly
passionate and I don't mean just in the
bedroom or anything like in all things
of your life on anybody that's what
happens such a little bit fun
hello are you going to bite me
oh my boy I want get a selfie with
making friends no just muck no no no no
no no no no agree Wow the other kid will
come here alright for the sale what
jinkies over a chip yeah well hey hey
buddy Jeff Gibby Gibby oh oh
no okay don't worry that are we getting
some food oh yeah and don't normal-sized
people normalizable that's everybody
eyelid reindeer somewhere I don't know
where she is
I've lost can hover did you give it to
him he lost regret I gave it my finger
and there was I to biters well they
charge of coming off the bottom now it's
three months looking pfizer
so well-behaved
oh crap it's a Regulus is no English on
a back of a it's like a snack for her oh
yeah Jenna what's happening later I
heard I made Jonathan doing a Dom saw
the point in point is done you know I
would pay money to see you know and
Jackie dog fingers when the clock runs
out you happen of me yeah I'm pretty
heavier than you I don't think I'm
strong enough to this anymore
yeah and it's all walking out where's
Marcus Marcus yeah we need a lift to my
job us to try it out in the bill
understand we're going wrong you know
may I make a video
tomorrow I don't get to carry at all -
what no no nice yeah ah there she is
there's a gang there's the baby
I was wondering where you are yeah just
wish you'd run away oh can you push it
for a bit well all we wanted to hold her
so don't give me any faces
what can Zoey make the baby stop crying
oh I need to do one Monica you're
working older more upright older yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah get a hand in here
oh right and a time for back stop stop
stop stop stop shop and rock yeah that's
it that's the one it's weighted I'd sure
quiet then
oh yeah I want to just notice it's
starting it's starting if every we got
10,000 comes up going up we'll have a
baby I know that little involve you see
you know top on the back rock and board
baby advice by Jonathan did you cry for
you we got to do the top top top
let me hear it's the bow makes it look
more media like
well back
but
thank God he is
yeah
so Alexia has made a boyfriend boyfriend
we're preparing Casper girlfriend hug
the girlfriend tag oh my gosh your
communion ex-girlfriends like or the ice
bucket or what's that thing you do Yeah
right freezing laughs yeah this way this
way you guys are cool babies get in the
ice but it's so cute that what you have
to do when they get a fever you put them
out not in a bath of ice that's right
well I'm already my parents for my
sister outside in the freezing cold and
 of beavers that like I shouldn't
say that
you
