it's seriously frosted tomorrow I also
realized when I was watching the editing
yesterday I'm putting my finger over the
microphone because this one has a much
better microphone but it's got like
three mics at the top ok let's do this
pour the boiling water undue enough
that's to take a good boiling water good
extra Scotland boiling water we're gonna
end because they're still I guarantee
you guys check the Commons later on
somebody who said to me don't employ
water in the car I bet you time during
the car in the morning and it's freezing
and it takes the car about I don't know
like five six seven minutes or something
to actually heat up for those i-5 just
minutes you can't even turn the heating
on because running on a blow cold air
and it's like frozen crows although it
could have been worse because I managed
actually yeah get all the ice off the
window it's all the way cuz it got all
the ice off the window I don't actually
have to put yeah I don't actually have
to put the heater on straightaway
because it wouldn't be hot it would just
be cold but you have to blow cold air in
the window to get rid of it to defrost
it did you in a hurry but I don't have
to do that so I'm just waiting for
watching the temperature gauge and I'm
hoping that it's gonna hurry up and eat
up because I am crows than guys I am
cruising and it's like 11 o'clock thing
on a couple dinner guys in studio you
know it's like yo it's 11 o'clock bro
got the coffee man y'all gonna stare
like so much fun
gonna coffee man sometimes you can make
jokes at the coffee man you know we joke
about his little coffee car you know
this is the radio that he is on a little
bit you know just especially you don't
hanging out with the guys you know down
by the coffee machine 11 o'clock oh God
11 o'clock so fun
speaking of fun times Burton were
supposed to moving studio today we
recently did move studio just be after
Christmas but we got like you know three
departments at the studio now and I
think the whole post-production because
that's what I work in post-production I
think we're all moving to post
production and pre-production and
production think all the production
environments are moving together because
then the studio and is all in the same
place and then you're gonna have the
administration and the business and
because those people are sometimes in
our creative space and I'm like yo man
get out of my creative space with your
financial abuse when you're talking
vectors wiggle scripts and have to
affect hammer tracks it gets to
understand that the financial people and
our creative people we know it so good
and you guys senior Leaving Cert at the
moment did you know that tomorrow
although when you're watching it it'll
be today is the final day for your CEO
application Oh what did you guys choose
to do in college have you are did you
nothing in a CEO you are like you know
forget that man I'm gonna do whatever I
wanna do or did you as you apply for the
one that you wanted to or did you pick
something ridiculous I remember but this
is a long time ago and I was kind of
silly when I was in school when I picked
like the most stupidest one first I
didn't want and then I went for like you
know the ones I didn't want but then I
didn't do anything
although funny enough my guidance
teacher guidance counselor person did
tell me that I should get into computer
programming or computer software editing
or something to do I did wasn't he
couldn't said composition or you know a
special effects and stuff because that
wasn't something that would have been
available in 1999 when I did my leaving
search but what he did tell me to do was
funny because I went back to college in
2006 and I actually got a degree in
exactly what he told me to do but back
then I did nothing cuz I was like forget
education man
education is for dummies turns out
education it's not for dummies but
education is not for everyone either you
know but um leave me a comment if you
have if you submitted your CIO forum and
what did you go for do you think you'll
get it think you'll get enough points I
hope you do yum yum look we got for
dinner guys some sort of a green gooey
paste green goopy paste good for
vegetarians and good for jobless
apparently so for a steak right about
now
well this don't have to do what I have
to do that's I'm just sure it's tasty
jairs tasty you probably wouldn't like
it
nothing this morning I'm probably gonna
move studio up today turns out it did
missed you today so I got a new ad door
thing right but I'm just gonna cover
this bitch he can't see me department no
but look des spelled my name wrong ah
it's so annoying
ah everyone always gets my name wrong we
made a titles against Jo Oh a sec C ome
J o ly being pretty miserable so that's
really really annoying I'm about to have
a workings out on my cyclic back oh she
only outside air started these guys
because those people you said it's kind
of relieve is a joke you know and then I
start team thinking of it as a joke and
then I'm so glad today bad and I was
like what are they doing you know just
for fun like so I am yeah do you want
some belly rubs on some fairly wrongs
oh the belly rub mm-hmm oh is that a
bonus belly rub is there lecithin the
belly rubs bonus belly rubs it comes
free with likies buy a belly rubs today
comes free with me
licking him there he's so cute
he said to her kitty oh it's not asleep
again so we were talking to the the
wedding planner people cuz we have to
pay our deposit for you know the hotel
and the whole doo doo doo but they were
saying to us that it's like you said
like I think we're like 60 people coming
but they were saying that like if any
less and 60 come we got like penalized
for having less than 60 but it's like 20
euros ahead for anyone that doesn't show
up that's under 60 so it's like gosh
darn it that's kind of crap is it so
like you like my grandmother or Anna's
grandmother someone can't make it on
that particular day we get charged like
an extra 20 euros just because we didn't
fit them in like the 6e that we said cuz
I thought gosh darn it now I gotta go
and make sure if one turns up so am
there maybe an extra seat at the wedding
for you be on guard 1st of September
have your bags packed buy a plane ticket
to Sorrento and be ready to go also
speaking of countdowns guys this is
going up to morrow which is the first
effect wait that's 13 days to my
birthday why it was like so tumor ages
ago on the vlog when Anna was saying
that she had like a birthday week
remember and I wasn't allowed to play
the PlayStation for the entire week
because it was like her birthday week so
if my birthday is on the 13 in February
it's the seven days so what is that like
three days before and three days after
so from the 10th to the 16th is that my
birthday week and during that entire
birthday week time does that mean like I
played a playstation like constantly 24
hours a day I don't want to but I feel
that I have to just to sort of you know
you're like all right yeah yeah
power to the people my channel was born
like a couple of hours later cuz I was
born so close to midnight that I would
have been actually born on the 14th of
February my mother always joked because
she was always like ha ha ha ha ha I
would have called you Valentine imagine
my name one
Valentine Valentine Jolie Vijay
that's what Vijay isn't you right yo-yo
Vijay it could be like a VJ video DJ I'm
kind of like a video I take videos and I
mix them to edit them for the vlog so
I'm kind of like every DJ Vicky Jake
what I still need to person I am
would you still be the person you are if
your name was different I remember when
I was younger myself my brother
we always wanted to be called Jake I
don't know why but it was this guy we
used to watch this to have a world
wrestling thing like this is when I was
like 7 or something I just got called
Jake the snake Roberts I haven't put you
guys remember my buddies like that guy
hats off hacksaw it wasn't a hack saw
something Jim Duggan PAC sergeant yeah
see he's thought of him he's loved Jake
the snake but I just felt like Jake was
like a you know Anna making Jake hey
Jake you know Jake was like a cake was a
hero you know a hero with a kind of an
edgy persona you know he he sometimes
could be bad you know but not like he
was a batty
but he just sometimes the edge towards
the darkness you know a bit of stubble
the roughness slightly challenged you
know I was like my name is Jake not Jake
Gyllenhaal which is the first Jake I'm
thinking up because I think he is so far
away from the Jake that I thought it was
okay Jake it like tattoos and Jake drove
a motorbike wait a second wait a second
I think I turned into Jake Stovall grab
motorbikes
have tattoos oh goodness I've created
the person I wanted to be and now all I
need to do is clone myself Jake I don't
know but do you think you'd be be a
person that you worn today if you
actually like Albie is Albie because
he's Albie you know but before we got
Albie we had loads of different names
for him but until we saw him we were
able to make the name that we felt was
like oh yeah yeah he's Albie like Cena
although sometimes I think seeing his
name was wrong her name is spike crazy
monster sometimes McCart because one
time about a week or two ago we don't
arrest Escamilla things and we left it
where we normally because I would never
think about it but she no she grabbed it
pulled it down climbed in
the bag rolled around in it and came
hook through it's a mere line in the bed
and it was like there was this smell of
like chicken tikka masala and it was
like but she does that because she like
you're lying in bed at the morning right
and she no boots and it's a wake-up time
and she just like jumps on your face
like you know just goes crazy or zombie
just kind of slowly makes you a little
bit and you know but that's the question
of the day that's the team question of
the day would you be the person that you
would be if your name was different does
you name to find you somehow I'm
Jonathan
yes I'm gonna learn is that Who I am
though is that define me I don't know do
you know and that is how you get
yourself a bitch body watch this space
Beachbody coming soon oh my goodness
guys there's there's a hardest I've
worked at so far I feel like I built
myself up enough see that kind of board
hey my goodness
power to the people back to you or you
need an after workout much do you feel
like I mean after workout munch much
munchies shall I have after my blackouts
cuz I fucked our job he worked hard for
his money
hey guys so I was just really going to
comments about the fish fingers in
different language that is hilarious and
when you guys actually did that totes
awesomeness so not today not tonight
because it's like 10 o'clock already and
I gotta edit this bad boy I gotta edit
you up I'm gonna edit you up Moho then I
gotta put it up himself so what I'm
gonna do is tomorrow's vlog I shall sit
there and I shall read every single one
of those translations I'm probably gonna
get them horribly wrong horribly wrong
but you know what I will give it an
effort I will give it a go I will give
it a go Joe give it a go Joe get go Joe
and you guys like him peanut
look at this when we got here haven't
got this today hold dirt smooth organic
you reckon it Stacy I've never had
peanut butter does it taste like peanuts
or the days like butter because I don't
like butter taste like peanuts
there's no dairy in it and it's really
creamy so it sounds pretty good I just
feel like I need a munch
I need a munch after my crunch think
about what you will love this PBJ
sandwich I've never had a PBJ sandwich
guys PBJ sandwich I'm kind of scared
um could you sing the song please these
do Big Love see they have got any new
recipe yeah they're very soft so the
paper slicing doesn't really work a
bagel Saxon bagel splits then all day
long you can't be going sighs this song
so why don't you have to come was like
all guys are gonna miss bagels I see
anymore I never said I wasn't any bread
anymore why would I not eat bread isn't
something I don't know about Brad I'm
obviously not gonna be processed sliced
white bread but we haven't had process
like leaven so long in case you missed
it the New York company bagels as we can
see I don't know if you can see it here
but anyway it says they're vegan they're
vegan free no they're not being I always
said I'm like dairy-free vegan free
vegan free food would actually be food
with meat in it
because it would be digging free free of
vegan food doesn't really make any sense
this is the jam this is the J strawberry
jam fresh Irish foods
J there's the P P P P
PB and J let's hope it goes well because
this is the part where I struggle
because I'm walking around the kitchen
I'm like you talking about cremate cuz I
am obsessed three Meg's I know but I
really want a teammate oh we should
watch more come down with me I promise
you will actually love this you will be
begging begging you oh the black grapes
Marty pay plus seedless mmm John today
10 bucks 10 bucks today I had Amanda mmm
yeah recipe on here apples yeah my
taking under management tomorrow was
crazy because they came into work cuz I
moved studio and Fiona um he's with me
and Paul is still up in the old studio
but him so sitting there Fiona you know
and I took out my manager I took out my
whole week thing I took I like my vegan
free dairy free Thank You free I keep
saying vegan freak my lunch you know is
just luck that over him he's just like
what are you okay tell me I'm done with
all the dairy and stuff you know but it
was like I look like so like it was like
he dumps the position but I found it
easier like it's not like defend easier
to concentrate but I found it easier so
like you know focus all day long like
you know it was easier to get truly work
and and I felt a sort of a melancholy
while I was there I didn't feel that
maybe it's cousin you to new studio I
don't know but I definitely felt like
more relaxed and I felt better about
myself and I felt like oh he did when I
was coming home today I didn't feel like
does it have to be squashed
I was thinking whoa what how was the
experience like what are you gonna do
whoa what are you what are you doing oh
shit what's not coming out now that's
the beauty of it the squishiness
this is the beauty part
oh now you see you don't have to have a
whole one if you don't like it you could
have good heavens
1/2 heavens you could have two small
half just more mom huh okay here you go
that's good oh it's burning hot it's
burning hot Nana now a glass of water
what if I don't like it no it smells
like a sneakers
do you think nuts well it is peanut
butter
I know that face but the face you made
when I gave you panettone for the first
time dripping goopy good isn't it bath
you know I'll see you guys later
I got some hot love peanut butter to eat
much
