yeah and a shower last night right it
was kind of cold so I decided to use the
hairdryer as well what happened it's
kind of cool though isn't it it's kind
of funky him to the job guys
you and me actually yeah
swim down a little bit I know if I would
notice because you don't actually seem
watching me only see my face but Leif
you walk it and look it's tough on us
well these haven't seen you bought all
that stuff just before we started a diet
means tall I'll add that isn't it cool
all these healthy foods healthy food
let's get some innocent hmm make my
protein shake I like to eat protein in
the morning times it makes me feel good
about myself it's like try and make it a
diplomate today guys is this instead of
putting a living machine thing I use the
whisker thing on that and it makes a lot
less mess which is total awesome totally
awesome totally awesome I like to pair I
like to pair these multi plus complete
multivitamins except I get DM the water
with the ones you put in water because
as I said before I am a big baby and I
will not swallow it happens I know where
it's like you put it in your mat right
well I just can't I just can't swallow
tablets I don't know I also have like a
ridiculous gagging in fact it's like you
know my Luckies I'm going I'm gonna be
so this is the new camping outside what
do you guys think is to call them much
better films and check it out later what
I'm editing come on first time they run
once then they run I love bringing them
out here because thinking me em just
like run around together you know like
crazy people fell in a hole
holy moly Nathan totally time for a
running with did jog ease okay I'm gonna
race the dogs
I'm gonna run down around that I'm back
Oh No
so get better
stick bro quite a joke mom and dad and
uncle dick joined the London on a stick
come on guys see them huzzah be good
I was really scary because obvious like
who running towards a little child and
the scooter like all the way over there
and seen it was like running behind on
something you attack the child but they
do probably start barking into the child
that's are crying and the parents who
come over and it would be all dramatic
you know but just at the last moment
happy happy turn around what are you
doing the trick is you run away from
Alvey if you weren't after Alvey the
closer you get the I'll be the one he
thinks that it's okay to keep going so
the trick is to like run away from Alvey
so the frigate run away he feels like
much more vulnerable and then he like
gives up like a nudies should be nude in
the park naked in the park
Bobby's got no shame in that Cena hello
we need to give her a haircut soon she's
getting quite puffy yeah
thank you little polar bear
yes Bowman's completely clear yeah yeah
yeah I reckon them give him a quick
shave like we did I'll be guys you're
just saying look at the haircut I did
for a few more a while ago
hubby look at him now like it's like
work out so well like fighting it's
really good
Bobby what are you doing anything no eat
the grass oh no no I kneels down by
mistake I've got a wet patch I got a wet
patch so you don't want to ask you any
of you are vegetarian vegan E dairy-free
Thai people there we're thinking last
night I think I found a blog though that
had loads of stuff this morning but what
is like the worst thing that you can
have because we're watching this show
call come diner me right and we're
watching it online on the e4 website and
every time an episode started they had
an ad for tablets cream eggs and I was
like can I have a coverage cream eight
but then I reminded me the word cream
egg has the two things that you're
probably had suppose the ABS though I
was like what is the worst thing you can
have like is there something like not
like bad for you but it's just some like
goopy gooey chocolaty mushy thing that
you can have dairy free and you guys
have any recipes or give me some
suggestions of like what is it can you
get like a big chocolate brownie
yummy yummy but it's like dairy free and
vegan free and I kind of carry on you
know leave me some comments anok's final
I said I want them to want something
yummy but then you know everything's
really good I'm healthy which is like
fantastic but I really want something
really yummy you know
naked mud wrestling naked mud wrestling
in the park you know I'll be so happy
you know and what's really cool is that
Cena Ana really bonded very well
together you know when you run upstairs
now have you listen to me and see turns
into Ana
it's like it's perfect you know the
girls and the boys they come on I'll be
do it for the boys boys Cena's got a
stick see who's got our first stick see
that can I have that rich stick oh he
never picked up sticks I got that it's
just icky
Thanks good boy good boy good boy Alvey
boy I'll be bring it to me bring it to
me yeah just reach out and touch me I
wanted to break your bone over the lake
she won't move around like religion
class or something teaching you not to
be greedy Oh No there was a dog who has
a bone and he goes over to a lake and
then he looks in a reflection and he's a
bigger bone and then he gets greedy so
he opens his mouth to grab the big bone
but he loses all his bones teaches you a
lesson let's be happy what you got or
something like that yeah that's the
Irish Catholic system for you okay seems
Nina
I'm he's got his ring keys he looks at
cooler Lake like seen that once you
always cause trouble or showing the
water yeah you're in the worst
I think she's small enough like she's
late enough yeah yeah yeah she gets up
she probably go across if you wanted to
good num nums jinkies okay now you're
soaking Xena good so we just got home
and guess what we just realized that I
forgot her blow my nose she forgot her
glove but she's lost her glove somewhere
in the park
so yeah I'm gonna leave the doggies here
we're gonna try and run back and see
because you find the said glow what an
exciting adventure you guys want to come
along have you ever lost something like
that I remember one time I lost my keys
when I was playing with a dog and then I
actually walked for like about 45
minutes away from that area and I came
back I spent about an hour and actually
found the keys they're the keys to my
car which would have been pretty
inconvenient if I had lost it but come
on we can do this it's a super cool
adventure come on in your bed guys in
your bed what it's your bed you're going
to you better be house wins your bed go
green your breath conquer in your bed
there we go we're gonna find the glove
it looks like that guy's okay that's
what we're looking for
mm-hmm it's getting dark and cold so I
don't know how much time we're gonna
have to get this but I hope it stays
true oh snap buoy you got it yeah
don't pee on her Amy - I wasn't even in
the park it was right here
yeah what do we need shame only have one
just one glove one drop of like beige
one like yellow or something like that
a lot of people parking that's in like
new couture design the fashion thing
we're so fast guys come in the drawer we
find this in the floor what's this guys
what's this huh I don't think they
expected us to come back salon they're
like don't want to be gone for like an
hour or two come on let's have our party
and then you open the door already we
did what he got a second I punched him
into an abyss so that white box in the
table yeah
and what's - what's going on here she's
asleep there yeah well done good job
and turn the dogs over if
good bit of garden well someone else did
it I'm sure it's okay she's almost got
it I had my back turned and I just
started doing I'll be never doing that
what are you doing what are you doing
troublemaker
do you de Alli I think this might be a
guys I've actually finished the title
sequence as far as I know look how much
it took but we're going to description
the cameras look particles in all but
I'm hoping that this might be it I've
just rented out a quick sample to see if
it's a if it's just done but I tell you
what I need some magnums
I've been eating roast peanuts and these
thingies to reduce fat thingies and of
course the nice because you're totally
awesome because they're cool cool like a
foot summing up the comments that you
can have Pringles I didn't know Pringles
weren't dairy-free as well but I need
some munch I need so much shitty
quantity I bet these guys are sleeping
on me
oh my dear little babies you're the best
babies in the world probably not that
good for you but doesn't matter because
in the back it's just no dairy there's
no dairy it is no red meat I don't know
it was made by a plant okay
wheat flour mother you grow wheat flour
water water comes from a lake caparica
don't see broke peppery crap paprika
yeast don't you grow east somehow find
the lucky and salt if you grow salt as
well and inside the batter sweet flour
water well I know they're not waffle
this is the sound of break you trick
because guys did you notice there's a
new intro there is a new intro to this
video I'm going to telling you is now
because I just finished it therefore I
know that it's going to be on tomorrow's
vlog I didn't say later on because I
didn't know it's gonna be on tomorrow as
well I didn't even know that I didn't
know no didn't know nobody on that come
dynami show if they're all your guests
arrives you know and you were all like
oh hi come on in
come on in take a seat then we'll be
ready in just a moment now guys don't
forget where I made something extra
special today fishy fishy fingers
because they're always like a fun Judith
Creason crisp elegance marinated Mirage
everyone tries to like I would do each
other with the ridiculousness or if
you're making something simple just say
it in a different language if you're
like making fish fingers say like I'd
make it illegal
that's like he do the same thing ham
watch fish fingers in Italian yeah
she's far far too busy to indulge my
ridiculousness leave me a comment leave
me a comment in as many languages as
possible of what fish fingers are I'm
wondering like French fish fingers
German Italian Spanish
in Bell V Chinese Japanese Swahili
Islamic he's not making a language
whatever the language is I think it is
American English Irish polish because
garlic spot happened we're only saying
comments the thing while I got pom is
like the thing I was like it's so cool I
know a thing about it
and was it jesh chest
Jin Bao e chin that was how you say
hellos man Jin dahui something my dad's
up my dad I try I try to be multilingual
Ingle Russian African which don't know I
know it's terrible to say in all the
films like but in a lot of dr. ranges
they always speak English so I don't
know if there's actually in native I
don't know in any other language you
guys can come up with may be totally
cool we can see what the entire world
view of fish fingers are or is there a
word for fish fingers I don't know I
don't know it's gonna be amazing
we're gonna change the world you August
me changing the world one fish finger at
a time I just want something really
really bad and I don't want to have
anything Gary to kind of ruin my whole
thing so I'm gonna head with the fishy
fishy fingers but you want something bad
guys you know it's not that bad I just I
really wanted something bad something
good you know I've been so good at my
twigs and berries and my leaves and
myself and today I just feel like it's
Sunday you know Monday Sunday remember
fun day Sunday
it's the day where you eat anything that
you want anything that you want they
call it fun Sunday Funday Sunday so you
know this and the equals no dairy no red
meat but fishy fishy fingers so you know
what you know what exactly exactly
join me on my friend a Sunday but by the
time you see this funny sandy would have
ended so you know tomorrow is Monday
Monday so there's no fun on mundane
Monday
he finally gumdrops you know his eyes
that he comes up
- chief I've gotta come back so these I
think are young to be languages I've got
the three bean chili which I think would
be okay first of data casserole and I
don't know about the vegetable curry so
I might go to potato casserole one
chilli curry just in case because you
know I'm not like I'm not like super
duper at this yet but I'm getting them
so we're gonna look at this corn stuff
complete guys return this to that corn
bacon rashers know I know I don't want
rashes and stuff chicken dippers
what do you guys what do you think
chicken style burgers support people
with them she's the same as you would
like
can you make fajitas yes buzzer alright
McLean's okay tonight you have to make
it maybe tomorrow
and for you guys ever had for the
economy this is
give me some recipe ideas what I can do
it my corn turns out that the corn stuff
actually has like an egg in it so that's
not gonna work for me yeah mr. Walker
mom I saw someone said about my mama
sauces so can actually find Wagamama
sauce anywhere
so I think the only one that we did find
like the first ingredient inside it was
like sugar so we're like okay well maybe
it's best by defined an organic chilli
sauce
Organic chili with fresh beans we can
make a vicious you guys think that's
good to me plus we have all that salad
and stuff we have we have peppers be
good you know be so cool but I'm sorry
see these if they actually did these for
like sewing up then I can actually bring
them for work in the morning
soy milk in the coffee man Monday
Tuesday Wednesday I'm in the studio or
three days this week and we're going
wait I got my morning coffee break thing
and then my lunch that's my plan
it's my plan for my protein smoothie
thing in the morning and some soy milk
all right guys it's the plan that's the
plan I talked the plan works out
otherwise if you happen to see a guy on
the side of a road what about a hundred
cream egg wrappers around him and cream
egg sauce dripping down his face and
then I sort of delusional sugary creamy
dairy that's me and that means I failed
