munching on some reduce saturated fat
sesame sticks mmm anyone noticed in the
blog yesterday when I was talking my
damn I said sesame seeds because I was
watching it back in Anna's are laughing
she's like you call them sesame seeds
that's Smith sticks no one have two
comments nothing says anything nobody
you got some more soup than that okay
pay attention right I'm gonna purposely
make a mistake today and I want you guys
to pick up on it okay
you ever notice how isn't it funny how
everybody knows how why can't it be how
sometimes you start a block and you're
like what was I just saying oh that's my
trainer time
bye let me just pull this over well I've
got dark umber now you can see I'm
talking about right
so GT peer pressure I'm starting to
create the teeny boppers the title
sequence for the blog right now like
professionally I do this stuff all the
time you know I could whip this up in a
day you know no problem for a client and
stuff but it's pretty different isn't it
when you're making something for
yourself because I'm sitting here and
I've setup like yeah I was writing the
script there for my camera tracking
stuff and I was like what what am I
supposed to do you know it's like if you
who knew you're like just do mr. Jarry
I'd like to construe hire you as a
consultant as an audio-visual Pleasant
specialist up for this particular
production will you be available yeah
sorry right right now mr. Charlie we
need an idea for this idea is mr. I'm a
nice guy give machine and now I go and
write a million things and script it and
light it and fill a bit and everything
it'll be like awesomely amazing when
you're sitting here and you gotta do
something really selfie like maybe what
I just could I can I should I what I
what I could've counted shoulda woulda
coulda County should I wanna get it get
it shut up
anyway right so this may not be on
tomorrow's vlog okay don't kill me don't
hate the hater hey hey don't hate me but
you know the pressure the pressure
probably knows I'm still probably gonna
get 100 comments please
in the intro say well being an angel I'm
working on it guys it just it takes a
lot of time takes a lot of effort um you
know what I could do is I can sit here
all day right
like you'd working it and there be no
day LeBrock what do you think of that
idea I don't think you like that idea so
I think we're gonna go and get Alby and
Sina a bed another bed because they're
probably yep they just like to find my
clothes so just like acquittal up there
mmm-hmm so do you bad is that warrant
there have been brought down stairs so
they kicked johnny's because it's great
why don't we say that's where they go I
sure know I heard that that's where they
go and they love it Danny always played
here so we're like but we need to get it
plus I want to get like a teeny little
lead for Athena so when we bring up for
the yeah she has a good time people to
hear me anyway got to get back to work
I've got to get back to you oh yes you
guys check out my um Johnson Jolie
channel I start down it's kind of like
my um my it's like an I get diary dear
diary today how'd you not eat a cow for
I have him the cow
and I grazed whoa that's kind of deep
because now I'm not eating and drinking
from the cow I'm becoming the cow
because I'm eating like plant-based food
I'm grazing like I have become the cow
whoa whoa somebody call Froy that stuff
is so deep deep but anyway check it out
it's just like a diary thing on him but
what it's been like so far how I felt
like if I increase my energy blah blah
blah which I have by the way guys
totally awesome bonus thank you much
check out the other channel ease also
did you can use on a style like book
yeah
what's the delay leave me a comment if
you part of style I block block and a
book and I will give you a high five
high five
it's all a sunny day it's so nice it's
like a perfect day to bring them out
hopefully we get to leave though I'm
thinking yeah like really small leads
for like really small dogs I think
seeing this like I know can you get
puppy leads
I definitely we gotta leave for Albie
ages ago which is like a really really
small one just kind of like a puppy one
so hopefully we can get a puppy would
we're going
I want on a corner which couple you guys
like oh you should check out the little
one by consists of concern Randleman no
it is the Quintero roundabout yeah be
nobody can set owner behind Smiths or a
friend of Smith's probably more
appropriately named this night is gonna
mental she's just running around the
place in here her life that's really big
yeah that's calling I know when when
where alvey's is like fiffie he'll have
fun deleting first that's more important
yeah I'll be fine
what about one of these frisina one of
these yeah you know I'm a novice I want
to get that one cuz it's good but it's
movie Tina is there a smaller one and on
that looks exactly exactly
well it's a small on this one okay thats
a small
all right so put the battery into this
thing right and you can actually see
what happens look when I turn it on
that's it that's all it's gonna do but
there's nothing blocking it so I'm gonna
see if I can fix it and then maybe I can
give it to uh give it to Nina to fix you
guys are the cutest little things in the
world thank you
Oh disturb you I didn't mean to I just
you're so cute I have to just show the
guys I have to show you guys how super
cute she was oh I'm hungry
I don't know I want to share that with
you you guys hungry
cuz I am surely hungry Papa I am hunger
Hunger has me hunger has me I want to
give hunger the heave-ho you know in a
normal situation I can just go ahead
like you'd eat some lovely chicken
Kiev's the mashed potato but no they
have butter and milk and all sorts of
things in them so we're gonna go off to
Tesco we go today yeah merrily life is
but a dream
I'm never taking this camera it's a
Tesco whoa this camera is gonna have a
day view in Tesco what do you guys think
of that you guys excited are you excited
are you excited as today's you can go
into restaurants he's probably thinking
ah here we go
this is becoming a new routine Xena into
bed in your bed Xena it to be in your
bed to get sheets
okay guys let me go guys mind in the
house no you know they'll get it we're a
loving couple on an afternoon walk on a
Saturday night couples don't have to
turn car say game on know who you think
would win in a running race let's go I'm
not right to run you ready yes Teddy
okay we're back from here to that post
come on
I'm here to that post you ready yeah
Danny yeah are you gonna run yeah don't
be a light look it's getting
closer
well the first one to get that gets the
treat at the cheating task oh yeah you
run into it though
like she wasn't paddle it was like 9 10
min and we're walking along a 10
and he kept walking because he thought I
was like
has that ever happened to you guys there
intentionally or intentionally or
intentionally
can you tension Li do something that's
very sensitive you are
they got one
for your candle
Oh
oh that's 250 mm is actually that Tesco
what the hell's up with that right it's
very misleading which advertisements
we're gonna need
about a crate load of this stuff I think
come on let's go to the Twix let's go to
the twigs and berries section somebody
said that you can get dairy-free cheese
one of those kind of special places but
the Charter bizarre cheese-based
oh maybe one of these ones
give me come on if you know the name of
the a dairy-free cheese look potato
casserole free from everything it's no
dairy gluten or wheat or anything it's
not pretty awesome there's like loads of
ready-made meals that test Cody are
they're free from ranging so my worst
fear was work on a day like how am I
gonna not be able to like this kind of
feel quickly this might be the answer
gudetama Everdeen is just by wonderful
things that can you find something that
actually looks good for me even if I
wanted it just in case
actually I actually don't like it in the
end you know if they don't have like a
ton of this fear that Han and then we
actually don't like any of it because I
was like I can't believe how much stuff
this you make look at all this stuff if
this is just rows and rows of food it's
all like dairy free and everything find
our chocolate this is just like the fat
oh my goodness jaffa cakes jaffa cakes
you know like cakes and sweets
this doesn't be it this isn't as bad as
I thought it's gonna be like just loads
and loads of you actually huh
okay forget today I'm gonna mess the
back you don't nice biscuits right you
actually have and no dairy whatsoever or
anything in them you read the
ingredients unders
oh right do you not speak squiggle or
Nina's gonna do it are you gonna do it
are you how is it what flavor you going
for this is just every fruit vegetable
okay in crisps the starchy darian crisps
I don't know try it sour cream milk
white powder is that actually
red pepper pepper pesto hummus
pestilence
what what
Sesame
or flavor with that I love
see salt and cracked black pepper
that's the one that looks so good and
it's got Darien
what is it that's the plain one okay and
then that's all of and sundry
going on is that you see this one here
that black pepper cease off their big
one or not no yeah this is the one that
we got
yeah I just really
let's get this one leafy rocket beneath
a rocket - you may leave the rocket like
a healthy person walking along with my
salad no it's my rocket salad
I'm taking my rocket home you don't see
all this stuff like moobot it's crazy
was like all natural preservatives and
all like fresh food and everything yeah
that's it was like 30 euros not too bad
at all so for tonight for my Saturday
night fun time I have organic dark
chocolate it's monment fondant it's been
decided half of my finger then I've got
a nutty Jimmy Drybar thing but I figured
that I could have peanuts so that was
good what do you have them
I got a tea I got another raw naked bar
and I got a root vegetable we are crazy
we are crazy bugs we're going mentally
too many root vegetables that is over
here we have on the hub this is it a
potato in casserole chicken potato
casserole we free gluten free milk free
so let's see this is like you know it
could be really good it says you can
microwave it but to maximize its taste
teacher I'm gonna put it in here you can
definitely see that look there's
definitely less look you can see there's
not real sauce you know normally these
things are covered in sauce you see
there's hardly any sauce in it but I'm
let's hope it's good you know because
that was I was really concerned about
that and I just ate a naked cashew
cookie mmm naked we actually went to it
if you guys check out the naked website
yeah yeah the girl the girl I don't know
a girl who like works for them she saw
my blog post on the vegan food hall and
she saw that I had mentioned the naked
raw bar and she said that there were few
new flavors they had coming out and
trying to send us so many fault plate
for free so yeah to review on the blog
but you can from their website
did you get there are you just hate that
one this yeah there's my organic
chocolate I was telling you about
Severson Coco organic I'll tell you what
that's like later and I also got myself
at we're gonna think this is 20 right
goes macadamias Brazilians and nothing
dodgy there's not funny eat natural then
I got some apricots apricot oh I better
you can eat these yeah never a tasty
ever chewy
good fiber some source of fiber and some
root vegetables oh they please this day
three
yeah of our crazy day they treated a
crazy diet he's alright I decided to mix
some of the vegetable or the salad stuff
with it you know just to see what it add
a little something num nums
Mojo's chiapas juice juice juice
everybody wants to drink up this juice
I'm saying merry guys that was super
good
that was super tasty yeah okay
so turns out that a lot of time when I
was recording I wasn't actually
recording so I have to kind of get used
to this camera because I was just
looking for your footage and I was like
oh oh look what's of like okay I'm gonna
I'm gonna like you know you'd press
record and I was like all right I think
that's setting your focus and then I
press record just turning it off and
then start talking so we kind of missed
out on loads of footage boobs the babies
so guys this is I got a new camera I've
noticed that none of the fighter just
explaining to - camera why I got a new
camera so this is the old camera that I
used to have and she can tell it's
broken as your girl she and I put up an
actual post up on facebook on Facebook
if you were my friend if your friend on
the face booth between that was the
first camera on God for the vlogs which
asset like a hundred days then I got
they can endeavour shots on that 30 days
and now we have the new Canon one there
which is the new one I have now do you
think that it's got a much better audio
microphone on it I think it's a there
was always just like a treble hiss that
was always on the old log that was on
either camera I do team that definitely
improved the microphone the 41.4 14.1
megapixels on the camera I can't really
see the benefit until tomorrow because
of video in the daytime and have a look
at the moment it's just gonna be as dark
and dreary but I thought it was really
funny that when I when I pulled all the
footage in to start editing of the vlog
it's not wait a minute there's no
explanation to what I'm doing with this
new camera
nor is there like bits just massive
chunks of the day just not there but you
know you gotta forgive me because the
camera broke and we kind of lost all
that footage but you know follow me on
Twitter or Facebook and I'll let you
know next time the camera
and dies okay Oh the other thing is to
notice that why this is like see how
much whiter it is that's kind of cool
isn't it
first thing I notice is diac the lens on
it is a much more improved lens so look
how it's a nice whiter shot which is
great so we're not like so close to each
other anymore what a little bit further
away guys can you get me back there
