guten morgen fri frame for the morgan
said no frying coffee and mccain bridge
what is going on at here mofos hi sergio
william j Clinton Bill Clinton and plant
would you get the connection I'm talking
about I was watching this interview with
a Bill Clinton it was to do with his am
you know his daughter got married there
I journey so i think it was and he'd
like he's really really skinny and
really healthy so he was talking about
oh yeah he did just like plant-based
diet thing you know i was like i ain't
going on no silly diet it's all silly
you know but then it's not what it is
like crazy psychotic diet things you
know where you live off the juice of
orange fruit I don't like being a
vegetarian with hints of veganism with
no Jerry and stuff like that so we were
like well you know it's supposed to like
em like cleanse your body and all this
kind of stuff you know I want to build
Bryson's books which is the house he
talks about how humans near you know we
don't live in the prehistoric era but we
have a prehistoric diet because what we
used to eat we're pretty start was very
very simple you know but now we still
continue to live with the same
prehistoric notions of how we generate
food and energy and stuff you know and I
was like who must be a new way and
that's how an association oh yeah Bill
Clinton was saying them that you know
he's doing this error client pasting
which is like you know you're putting
protein shakes in the morning so don't
meat no dairy no meat no dairy so wait a
sire like you know which my big bag of
cheez whiz I why don't we give it a go
so like for breakfast I was thinking of
having some of these you know get
plant-based hmm roses for breakfast
tulips for lunch blueberry blackberry is
just a quick punch but I'm in your mouth
go down I don't know so what do you guys
think tink is crazy idea for them
instead of like getting rid of all the
food in our house right and you start
going like hardcore we're like let's go
you know one hundred percent enjoy today
because every would have quit by the
weekend I was like well you know I've
managed to keep the exercise of my baby
steps I've managed to stop eating
certain things by baby steps of vonage
to remember the colors doing the baby
sets of changing my life use the baby
said the baby steps concept the idea of
taking there's no point trying to do
everything tomorrow or the FCO is
warning so for lunch today we're going
to try and eat a plant-based food sounds
crazy sounds ridiculous but you know
just try not to you like now I don't
actually eat much dairy the owning tell
all of you my milk is by the time it is
flashing coffee yeah you read that much
made yeah Gracie yeah I'm vital to me
you ride with the dairy stuff you know
swear we look to this stuff called our
almond milk milk from the almonds I
didn't know it ain't milk any milk and
um you're like squeezing or something a
little bit of milk exam I don't know so
penny we're gonna try not supposed to
taste as good you know but you guys
won't come along for the ride if you are
Gary and me three yeah tell me Kevin
what it's like cuz Anna was looking just
cook book last night of all the food so
we can have you know I was like whoa is
this up hummus he's like is that it how
much yeah it's like how much you know I
was like oh my apparently we can
establish I'm going to live on
strawberry jam because i'm a lack of
strawberry jam so I was like what I put
my capers good morning I was like hummus
hummus like say the word oh do you guys
want some hummus does that sound like
something that's fun it is not ten fun
to me a result of interview by alicia
silverstone who talks to bed and going
vegan you know but that's the thing i
don't intend to be a vegetarian or a
week around like that but if it's it
kind of makes sense though you know not
to eat all the process and a meat and
stuff because you want
I know when I herbivores we are
carnivores as a creature but i don't
know i don't know i'm even go gotta go
go so we're just back from the farmers
market which is really funny because you
know I said it on Twitter Darrow saying
like hey I've no battery I really wanted
to blame anna for there being no battery
in the camera when I feel like I
probably can't but it's what we got guys
part of our bill clinton diet that's
what i'm calling it the bill clinton
diet that's in rebel chili put under
vegetables to sort of make them tasty we
got that before we got some red mushy
stuff what's the red mushy so good this
looks really good pesto tomato bread no
she said putting a marvin for like 5-10
minutes just to eat it up first we got
some hummus which i hate saying that
word because it does not sound fun but
look what i got guys apple chutney there
is apple dates raisins pineapple juice
onions brown sugar cider vinegar herbs
and spices and all things license so I'm
gonna have that instead of cheese what
else that was my little farmers market
hall what you guys think is it rocking
the rockin and rollin first the meat
that that's exactly what I was thinking
that's exactly what I was thinking oh
yeah look we notice as well these em you
know our bagels that we buy they're like
it's added some runners or do you it
wasn't a website you know it says it on
it sabata bottom and being a look v V
for victory but yeah this is vegetarian
food so I guess that's that's included
in our bill clinton diet i'm going to
coin the phrase what's going on here
thank you to you guys are crazy this is
a great yo oh I can watch you all day
long Oh in the corner no buttermilk no
McCambridge bread and butter milk in it
miss you so much buttermilk buttermilk
it's got buttermilk inner guys fresh
foot forty three percent crazy person
it's got milk
you know what we walk around in farmers
market they were they were freshly
cooking like sir would you like a steak
sandwich like yes yes please I go to the
next in your mouth I want some fresh
fried grilled chicken chicken chicken
all right please you're next in is like
what a quarter pounder people mr. pizza
I'm afraid of hummus guys I have a fear
of hummus say it say it would be hummus
I feel like I need to have backup which
get all go Harvey wrong I never eat this
kind of food I mean the blame right this
pillar just in case it's disgusting all
right guys who's with me me vegetal
thing you just like popping a toy you
ready for this guys this is a chick
Pierre so what is this coming yeah
chickpea like spread is it an Italian or
something
what do you think
I'm guessing that's a no woman it's
unique that's more it is good like some
people like claim that they just like
live off Mama's cuz it's like almost no
I didn't like they just like eat like
pot full of it because it's so addictive
let's go crazy with bread and crackers
and stuff Terry suppose Deena let's go
there yes very good fee no you go yeah
that is I mean I think if you ate pasta
but obviously that's not so good right
you know what and it's good for you it's
got no dairy in it and no me like no
animal products at all hey Gris mm-hmm
what is young people who are in love
going to the mall to get to smoothie
that's what young people who are not do
Oh full of Hamas Cena full of us making
every form of the llanos like you can
dip celery sticks in thomas and i am not
read that sounds for you like peanut
butter no I am NOT ready for salary six
guys that's like that's like level 2 i'm
still at level one i had some hummus
this morning let's not go crazy and
start thinking
don't you do actually pepper is your
friend is a car
killing her
excited to go for a number seven
seven Trudy Anna's not getting one and I
start getting one
what's an
let's say you have for breakfast
actually right there
the men you guys were number seven the
tropical typhoon tropical dive form
I did not delay
she gonna go there oh thanks okay yeah
are you gonna go to mando
I think you guys is there a big place in
the UK and the frontal
we can look at the menu see if it fits
the bill clinton diet hi guys were on
the bc you know your plan tonight the
BCD go down go down
and as if he
you guys think you guys go a really big
a new fan what
don't get too manly
when you take the yogurt from the ice
cream and the cream now the fun stuff
adverse moody you kind of left it just
fruit juice and it's nice and all but I
definitely am noticing the difference
without the cream the ice cream and the
yogurt and whatever else fun is it but
it's free boosie going now game
oh I know we're here to get some cake Oh
No
oh here Oh nature's way
oh there's no very not fart what are so
expensive though he's naked that looks
nice it's the same hey squishy yeah oh
my god guys let's take this jelly beans
so must be some jelly beans must p.m.
maybe yeah maybe jelly beans hold up I
know what panettone Anatole I was
thinking like getting something like
this look Bombay mix or something no cuz
that's I find the biggest problem is
they're munching you only need to like
munch on something I need to munch on
name it's all buy one get free right
yeah love this shop I wouldn't get will
free of everything in store oh oh yeah
maybe she's biting Hezbollah on test
yeah cuz I get took a bit overpriced it
well I certainly will not well what's
these things Coco water makeup makeup
that is that a good air color little
good palate there's a palette of color
Jake like she's having a good time Hey
look if I hold as I geezers my two now
yeah yeah sure why not treat yourself
here so why not I'm like I am might get
a 420 feel like 420 might be good or
maybe a pink punch you know it's hard to
the sinaitic doctor decided fine glitter
dust look I always find this point
either as a last she's a real person we
got multivitamins everything it's
pointing at the guy in the store in
there like hell shot was all like oh
yeah totally dude like a cinema they
take the vitamins get rid of the dare
you get rid of the meat it's totally
better for you you'll feel so much
better but I wouldn't do it I can't do
it what it's like I need my meter of ice
so I've
see better p but it's just bloody
impossible to actually do it you know so
let's go get some almond milk definitely
hear what mouths water milk probably
this one robbery mom probably is good
fruits no done it no that's right my no
no they definitely definitely
what you mean don't need us no bacteria
no no what milk that is not in the milk
section well that you shouldn't make any
sense right oh it's the best one
what's the brown
with the big star and pomegranate here
and I'm like whatever powerful balangir
booklets yeah
mango and passion fruit this is to put
with the protein shake yeah we got the
girls mmm cheeky banana banana
Jesus took it off it's already done yeah
it's good it's good
me in a basket all right so apparently
Tesco don't have the almond milk but I
think they do do just don't know what
I'm talking about so learning this with
the light one yeah get girly I don't
know anyway got it all right good I just
heard that too much waves but
everything's about him well that's day
one of the dairy died a day don't Lucien
Watson see Nina knows where the car is
knows where the car is can't really
message it's right in front of you hmm
tasty reduce saturated fat sesame seeds
mmm this new diet okay so ignored it
that I have flat flat hat head guys I am
flopping together as if it was the
website the backside for Xia Fosse yeah
website yeah hello little man little boy
blue that good boy blue Oh Seymour Fox
Oh me I have one thing on huh ah but my
teas nobody's nobody Sally okay guys I
got it some work so how will you take
the blog we do some blogging for me
thanks a lot guys the book is available
book is available at your local website
check in see a pansy and it's probably
gonna make a big video about it tomorrow
but luck Oh ten hundred twenty or twenty
son come to me so does time this is
digital i will add it to my basket goes
hmm and fast I can be five star you got
along and not here right oh let's go
back let's go back let's get the ebook I
want to evoke for my ipod I have an ipod
in the kindle yeah I want to ebook us 10
euros I take it I take it home take it
away I take it home take it away they're
not immediately forget Dolby Digital
Editions are you digital e-edition are
you guys excited oh yeah get on the
computer get yourself a spell book get
to shop for style right look we've set
up the camera right we're gonna film
them in their beds right I don't know
how much we're gonna actually see when
they get back but I hope you would
actually get to see something see you
can't really see much but I think you
can see the floor and stuff so I you
guys kept saying I once fell running on
so uh we're gonna film them while we're
gone I'll get the part of miles away
again look it's like I also honey do you
guys want to see we're like on my feet
on it I can make up yeah what are you
gonna do a weakling week is I'd Loser
this week is oil-free 18 I got protein
thirty-seven percent protein some on me
man are you eat your silly like me I
can't do much matter of your face how
the Maya neighs apparently Nando's is
really really big in the United Kingdom
and we were over there learning I so
much you are
like super awesomely amazing there's
like a half an hour away
would we got you don't have that figured
out that knows the same is for chicken I
can't have chicken you make it
veggie burger I'm watch
so guys I give up I'm getting some
chicken I didn't say I was going to be
like full vegan one day I said I was
gonna do baby steps so I got all the
right food and so far to have any
get some fried chicken because
apparently can't come here I'm wait half
an hour a chicken is so conscious but we
will be we will be dairy free meat free
tomorrow
I'm getting veggie / that's kind of good
is this what do you get with it
okay here's the deal i will get e stata
chicken surprise that's a pretty good
deal breaker
this is the second day that Nando's open
and I'm sticking to my non-dairy
Harry
running your fingers
I got a solid guys give me this loyalty
card right on my turn visit I get a
quarter chicken free my 6 visiting a
half a chicken feed on my name is I get
a whole free chicken so maybe I'm gonna
go like dairy free de or you know what
you could just go dairy free minimum red
meat free red meat free space station
and check this is because handsome
second fish sometimes and I'm tell me
fish I wanna eat it policy chicken
because phil was like well you know
sometimes I have a feeling well white
meat is definitely not
I had read missions ok have a deal
you're not going to have any red meat or
dairy tribe meeting there you go I'm
gonna try the real thing I'm going to
eat all that crazy stuff you bought and
I'm gonna need more solid learning more
shot on more vegetables no red meat I'm
going to try not to eat chicken but
there's going to be times where we're
we're in mando we're country
that was my option mail I don't know I
don't need to navel
invention material
I'm not ready for that kind of
commitment okay it's not you it's me
guys
chicken fries I got that was such a good
munch guys and I don't feel like all
bloated and all like so I feel really
really good that's funny it's not about
the dilemma no what's that like this one
here this looks quite serious she looks
like i am so pissed off Alex like that
guy what I was like the kind of film
boy one way this on here look I like the
chick in the middle you see she's hot
Devil Wears Prada on its oh crap cause I
was like the devil's me a pound or two
or something oh goodness my brother
watch that he said it was really funny I
don't know you have to see see sometimes
too many sequels too many sequels spoil
the broth what is the king's speech
which an everyone's been going on about
that might be good but tomorrow feel
good don't smart people or the Green
Hornet in 3d Cindy three-dimensional who
so want to see this why oh my goodness
ready yes and it's called battlefield LA
come on how to walk like a lion people
it's comfortable you have to walk and
call me great snorting in the ear it's
very important I'm walking like the
lobes couple sometimes if you walk off
the edge put leave your partner up there
ok makes us look kind of small should we
go for a jog if you quit job is that
what vegans guilty it's funny how many
part-time guys I feel good we made it
good I feel good after dinner you know
normally after Jane you feel like I am
like he steals blocks touch me or I will
bust like a fat seal the fat see lose
overeating but now I don't know I feel
like that was a great lunch and I'm
ready for the for some market analysis
or something the business building boom
boom boom penny how you guys you guys
should join the joke with died geophys
diet is awesome jovah's TM I didn't
trademark office you guys join join the
GOP side swearing I it's best I in the
world ever it's kind of like
vegetarianism and veganism exception you
can eat chicken awesome
hey
