good morning yeah all right I love the
morning time come on to a dance party
they did something crazy last night I
was in bed by 12 o'clock
that's midnight for all the people that
don't know what trouble is just engage
thinking as father I am hosted by 12
o'clock sleep by bat-like quarter past
1/2 12:30 this solitaire on the iPhone
woke up this morning I was like so I
guess I'm going to bed already has its
advantages mm-hmm eight hours sleep I
never get eight hours sleep in Tennessee
but woke up I was like morning hello
I am 100% awake I have an awake person
person's awake unsure so guys you should
get eight hours sleep you should check
it out sometime huh that's good you guys
get a sneak when I'm the guy who doesn't
get any sleep and everyone has to kind
of crazy soundless playing I was like oh
I have had the most stressful morning I
put up a video on my channel on the
style diet and it was going fine I was
really happy because it was uploading
really quickly for once because we've
had upload problems recent like in the
last recently in the last few days have
had uploading problems and I uploaded it
and uploaded really fast and everything
and then as soon as it was finished
suddenly YouTube said that it was
performing site maintenance and I was
like no because I couldn't touch my
video so annoying so at the moment it is
up but it's not processed so that's what
it looks like so I'm just like
refreshing the page the whole time
trying to figure out if it's gonna go
live which it hasn't yet and the
thumbnails there and everything so I'm
just praying that I won't have to upload
it again and I have to upload Jonathan's
why not Jonathan's like our video are a
daily vlog because he's at work so I
have to do that now and since 2012 so
I'm gonna do that now and the dogs are
downstairs
they were actually a scene I did that
crazy thing again if you saw yesterday's
video she goes crazy outside on the
patio and yeah they're fine they're just
playing by themselves which is good
because usually I'll be would be like
really clingy and stuff but since tina's
come along nice being better so I'm just
sitting here refreshing the page yeah
and waiting for my video to go live it's
really annoying because I had completely
like relied on that video to be perfect
because it was so it was going so well
so now we're gonna go in here into
Jonathan's study and we're going to
upload the vlog and then what do I do
Oh upload barking let's see if we can
see you
alright I'm gonna have to go down and
stop him because I need my smoke
complain to stay here or barking
playtime right side is finished right
come on let's go in good boy
no no okay hey you guys could play down
here or wherever don't do any teepees
anywhere Oh somebody asked me where I
got my rug the one back there um I got
it from a very trade shop they have like
the best like rugs I want to get some
more when it got one from my room into
the bedroom as well but yeah they have
the best roads there and they're not
that oh no what are you doing what are
you doing guys what are you doing
they're crazy okay so I'm gonna take go
to the cony go to holder episode and day
two to seven
yeah I found a video like two days ago
and I just hated how it turned out you
know when you just if you do make videos
or even like blog or anything you just
hate it and you're like no I want to
start again or you're having a bad hair
day you think that's what was happening
actually yeah I'm gonna finish doing
this and um
yay my video is live so I just uploaded
the thumbnail if you're a partner you
can upload like a thumbnail and it's
usually better because it gets people
it's just it looks more inviting really
I mean it gets people to click on it and
it just looks better it looks more
professional I think but if you miss the
thumbnail like in the first few minutes
of the block of the blog my thing of the
video going live then it takes a pretty
long time for it to kind of refresh or
whatever Oh mommy's laptop cuz you might
press a button and then delete all my
videos by accident you're so cute
no no
oh you're so guilt yours Oh Joe what do
you guys doing
is it hyper tiny come on let's go
my mom and sister aren't coming over for
a little bit and well actually they were
supposed to come ages ago but um sorry
the dogs just like licked off my so my
mom and Eric had just left and I didn't
feel anything because Erica was wearing
her school uniform and I just don't like
filming her when she's in her uniform
because it's just not safe in Ireland
most people wear a school uniform like
not that I don't think I'm not sure but
there really aren't that many schools
that don't have school uniforms my
wedding which is in September September
1st 2011 and it's in Italy basically we
had planned well first of all we only
had Alby and he had planned that Alby
would be a ring bearer and that was fine
and that he would travel with us and
it's completely fine like that's allowed
he could have come either on the plane
or on the boat if we had decided to
drive which we had been thinking oh my
God look it's not a bull gesture you
know what I'm doing I need to eat them
later cuz they're just starving even
though I've been giving them little
snacks here and there but anyway um so
yeah that was our plan and then we got
Cena I know who's gonna be our ring
bearer and then Cena when we got her I
was like okay well scene I can be our
flower girl um we were just talking
about it like my mom and I were just
talking about it and I don't know like
you guys can let me know in the comments
what you think
obviously in the end I'm gonna make up
my I mean Jonathan and I are gonna make
up our own minds and we're gonna just
decide what's best for us but um I'm
just curious like what do you guys think
we should do because I don't know if
it's the best idea to bring both dogs
all the way to Italy and back again and
have the wedding and it's just gonna be
stressful already the other thing is
that we're actually having two weddings
because we're getting married officially
in like legally in Ireland we're getting
married in a registry office a lot of
people do that now I think it's become
more and more common now to get married
like twice so to speak like to have the
official like registry office marriage
in like your home country or whatever
and then to go abroad for like the party
and the party is not just the party like
there's gonna be a symbolic ceremony and
I'm gonna get walk down the aisle and
blah blah well that's fine it just would
alleviate some of the stress if we
weren't taking the dogs I'm gonna show
anymore I'm becoming an extra a
secondary character and character it's
just drifting away drifting doing yoga
boy I'll be you gonna mind the house
okay good boy now y'all why are you
freaking out huh we're gonna come back
we're gonna come back you such a little
baby he's such a baby
probably gonna test oh boy we go today
off the Tesco we go
I'll see ya Chism quite havoc you can
quite get the concept yet that was like
God Tom nor the worst thing ever is
right I might like the crisp section I'm
thinking I'd love to get some crisps and
stuff and then I realize what crisps are
actually not that bad to you you know
which ones it turns out that are these
ones reach vegetables vegetable crisps
who actually wants vegetable Christmas I
certainly do not want to have vegetable
crisps nor do I want these kind of
things I want the fun things the things
with the bright lights that's look at
the colors that's a you know that's a
you know the brighter the color the
tastier than um nuns
that's the deal after deal folks but
unfortunately javis all that gays look
wait watch our cheesy poof's
cheesy puffs are probably not nice if
they're being wait watched cheesy puffs
must be dipped in cheese and then
