okay so there are these two dogs that
walk past our heads almost every day so
pull the dog I don't know if you can
yeah you can't see that there's a
bulldog and a golden laboratory and I'll
be hate stuff like absolutely that's
both of them is that insane
what try LV isn't your friends he can't
even see them there's no way for him to
actually run but he can run it out cuz
they're obviously for I want something
yes I don't think you're so funny but
literally like every other day but Shh
fun insane good that's like that's I do
what you did do what you just did good
watch your she's gonna go insane
Hey
oh my god what is she doing lb your
sister's good insane she did this
yesterday and that's trying to get
Jonathan to see but he missed it and
then she's doing it again now don't get
to see cuz it look I caught it on camera
okay
she's just for some reason whatever
shape was it - Fabio she doesn't say
that's her that's not him oh are you
breaking hey I think I'll be is kind of
scared of her
oh I'll be God - then I hope you got to
then see she can't get off there yet
clever Alby crazy
uh-uh no bite sees nobody sees nobody no
no Shh
calm down can dad no fighting no
fighting
say hi YouTube you good boy
ah nope nope nope nope yep good girl I'm
gonna close the door to the crazy we
have lunch now will we have lunch guys
come on no no this time come on oh yeah
first you come because you're a little
piggy little piglet she eats all the
food she eats food from both alby's boy
and hers she's such a little brat okay
guys let's have no nothing okay
I've known them snail first thing is not
lost anymore I cannot tell you how happy
I am because it was disgusting like it
would just keep rising up every time I
did laundry which I really needed to do
and they need to do it again today
because I kind of need to like catch up
on laundry because I haven't been doing
it because this thing will just go like
crazy it was just all the water would
rise up and at one point it actually
came on to like the countertop and it
was so disgusting because obviously all
their like stuff that gets
what the hell I think somebody's hungry
oh my god okay but um was icing yeah
also like you know stuff like the
rubbish and everything are not rubbish
but you know like stuff that gets put
down your sink like from like food and
stuff like that it all rose up and like
it was just so gross and I couldn't
clean it because you need water to
obviously clean it every time I'd run
the tap it were just black again and it
was just a never-ending cycle what's she
doing okay I love these faces like goody
goody he's like mom I didn't do anything
wrong
and you just don't care all right
that's give you something I'll give you
a little treat okay okay I'll give you a
little treat fakers rewards hey team are
you guys doing this is my team that I am
recruiting because daddy's coming home
when we promised him that we would make
dinner for him he's not right he'll be
so cute right now look at that
oh the belly rubs the burning rooms the
belly rubs and - oh yeah it's like a
mini me oh I'll be so I've just been
working all day I also filmed a video
for my channel check it out but we
promised Jonathan that we would we fight
we I mean
I said that I would have dinner ready
for him when he got back from work and
look what I did I'm such a nice wifey
look what I did but it's Jonathan's
slippers right there looks like two big
lumps but it's Jonathan slippers I'm
warming them up on the radiator so what
they will be nice and toasty for him
when he comes home okay so I need to get
things in the oven right now okay oh
look at the foot so what we have here
are some sipping tea EPS which are in
the oven behind there and then this
which is mashed potato and carrot and
sweet and all that but I kind of broke
the packaging I went a bit crazy with
the fork because it tells you it tells
you to like Pierce it and I was just
like kind of going with it it stopped
and I was like getting really into it
and then I just like to add another but
anyways that's all going in for I have
no idea how long I better check actually
20 to 22 minutes okay timers on and
that's all I had to do that's pretty
easy as you can tell I don't like
cooking so usually if I cook it's like
this this easy but yeah
John us always happy and we got
everything done for today didn't we
we can smoke you and look at all of you
over there there is writing when i zoom
though it looks like really out of focus
and disgusting so anyways I'm gonna
finish up what I was doing upstairs and
then Jonathan will come home and you'll
be all happy hoon I might light some
candles too because I just feel like
doing that and also oh my god i spilt
will I show you you'll have to go
through the darkness again okay
spray with me this is not darkness I
know
Oh lights are broken so let me show you
guys okay whoa alright see this here
this spilt because I dropped it when I
was coming to the window
it's like scented stuff it really stinks
in here right now
went all into the bathtub which I
suppose isn't actually that bad but
you just pick up little bits of dirt
along the way don't you okay come on we
were just trying this late on there's me
that's what I've been using in our B's
and Cena's water and it's kind of well
it's not a month he's dog on the front
of it but I don't know if that is on
purpose or not what Maltese are known to
have really bad teeth and their teeth
can like fall I had and everything like
it's really really bad
but that breathe is just they've got bad
teeth so it's really important to take
care of them and I'll be already has
like or had I don't know if it's gone
but he had like that charge higher
build-up stuff so this is supposed to
remove it and it's actually really good
like I've been giving it to both of them
and in the beginning I'll be new cuz it
smells just like it smells like
toothpaste and I'll be new because you
put it in his water and he'd know so
he'd go to a different Bowl like he's
got a few different bowls around the
house but now they're used to it and
they don't mind the trick is to put in
those tiny bit at a time but we just put
this in the water and it keeps their
teeth healthy and clean and I have a
toothbrush as well but it's and I have
toothpaste but they prefer this is just
easier so if you have them all teeth I
definitely recommend something like this
cuz I know that we got a fright when we
first saw all these teeth and realize
that there is like this buildup like in
the back teeth and that's really bad
so yeah pet dental for paws char-char
remover hey guys did you guys get here
oh you beat me at all time I see you
know so how's your baby bucket some dogs
I'll be the dog every day that thing you
know that's quite peculiar oh god I hate
my life or Nagar City Beach buddy Beach
buddy what do I wanna be fine whatever
don't want to what do I want to eat the
cake sanity watch the television shows
what if I am happy as a little well with
my tongue no because I would like you
there more importantly I will let you
guys down because I said I would cook it
like I'm so happy for you I really am
excuse me while I jump off the balcony
that lose a little few pounds to my
squashes right anyway all right Tina you
gonna join me we gotta do this one day
closer to the beach party also guys look
at this thing I found on the iPhone
where we can see it like a secular stock
Watchi timer thing I can't down so
there's 30 minutes on the cycling
machine recycling machine I like to
cycle my back I like who's like a bike
