you know those days really feel
SuperDuper tired hey today I feel
SuperDuper tired got myself and it was
dark and I was like it's a dream and
that was a dream guys was reality and
reality said arise Sarge orphan and I
said no reality don't do this to me but
hey it's actually really bright this
morning so this has got back over it I
suppose I just said on the news that our
top trending global topics at the moment
and it didn't like The Wall Street
Journal Financial Times like all over
the world because at the moment with
t-shirts like our prime minister and
then his government he stepped down his
government party and then they're trying
to like dissolute the government but
it's a it's all going on it's all going
on at the moment are is where you want
to be guys yeah it's got people pretty
upset though I am very upset though when
I that may need those people that watch
politics and we're all interested in the
politics burns
situation in the Financial Times and
declaration of market situations wife
dislike only Joel eats or maybe you do
leave me a comment Joe if you're a
political element analyst or if you have
a political party and you guys are
looking for so I feel a boil beautiful
I've actually I am that's the leading
party at the moment using power if you
guys need a new leader you know throw me
an email leave me a comment you know hey
mister Joe Lee
we'd love to have you on board as the
fina for later yeah hold me hold me yeah
guys vote for me I'm starting a new
campaign folks hmm hello my name is
Jonathan Turley and I think I would make
a wonderful tee shot of Arland I don't
know why I'm saying this in a slightly
British accent but I feel it's more
aristocratic oh my rug is back I don't
know if you guys noticed but this used
to be well my rug used to be here which
looks like this and then it became
because I seen I started peeing on it as
soon as she came into the house she ran
for the rug and peed on it so I had to
take it up and I had like some newspaper
here and now the rugs come back because
she's gotten pretty good about peeing
inside so she's bullying Alvie she grabs
with her teeth she's like grabs on to
his kind of beard as she pulls it it's
so mean look at her crazy
do you guys doing I'm standing on my
fireplace by the way she's kind of a
weird place you see yourself it's a
really weird place to sign anyways do
you want to see my room my room is
really nice and tidy I forgot to vlog
today so that's why I'm trying to like
fill space um close most of blog today
and I just completely forgot cuz I had
to film the video from my own channel
from my channel and yeah I forgot okay
so I just finished filming my video but
my room it's all nice and tidy cuz it
was all messy yesterday and I just
that's my light on my tripod and
everything but yeah I like it
and Jonathan put that up so it looks
really cool
it's so dark in this house though but I
think it's not even in this house I
think it's just like my camera settings
are really really dark because
Jonathan's camera has a different one
obviously and whenever I use his camera
it always comes out really bright and
then on this one it's like really dark I
don't know
anyways I need to go edit my video now
but um my mom came over for lunch and
everything and I just completely forgot
to vlog everything cuz my head was just
in a completely different place so sorry
about that guys but I promise I'll vlog
more tomorrow and Johnson said that
maybe if he comes home when it's bright
enough then we can take the dogs for a
walk because they are going insane and
they leave me to walk so and I can't do
by myself because we still don't have a
lead for app for Sina the one that's
small enough cuz all our needs are too
big and all our harnesses and everything
are just too big for her so we still
need to get that so I would need to like
carry her and then it's just a disaster
so I'm not gonna do it by myself because
two dogs a versus one person that's just
not fair
so yeah
hope Jonathan comes home soon so I can
go guys I have come y'all I just come
here I actually clear you because I'm
taking it with the comb and then I
better call it
let me just comb it out I don't want you
fillers thing just I just usual please
once she seeing that this is what I
wanted to show you that no I don't think
coming here makes it said something
you're going to hear anything here
oh well it's not my point you don't calm
your hairs don't cut my hair I never
combed my hair I why boys don't comb
their hair I don't use conditioner to
shave a guys I don't call me because I'm
a man
men don't comb their hair really cute I
think that's where you see 20 years is I
like the little stick up sleepy her you
know you look cooler do you guys brush
your hair
yeah I can feel I can hear it stop it
come here's that
EP brush hair do I look like oh no honey
give that you brush my hair backwards I
never brush it backwards
are you parting us you can't do it your
hair is too short
thankfully it's not fighting but the
light guys do you not hear this I like
now I said yeah chling chling
get a piece of paper or something or do
what they do what do you do guys you put
a piece of paper on us or something
Oh Cena just woken up when she subjected
to this you guys are gonna share in its
guys check these things out right I've
been buying these for last week for
lunch tomorrow it will be really good if
you see them in Tesco Plus Dhoni on
three-year at the moment
like a fiver when it comes down to
normal but three years pretty good
people think if I will not talk in Tesco
for one day
okay scream crazy they love advertising
advertising baking Russia is that bacon
e bacon grams Hello Kitty turn oh my god
Alexander Drive
okay now start ignition use your friends
hello kitty how do you say hello to her
looks like a Mini Cooper let's go party
some age limit what's it like here it's
pretty simple really you just there can
you actually go anywhere let me be clear
big if you drive it or in this end it
like if you could like fly around there
like my endpoint is empty girl
hi yes yeah we should get pretty sure
I'll be totally subtly cool
why Hello Kitty after the cold we go go
oh thank you thank you what a lady what
a lady all ladies should take them on
it's like what ladies should do if
you're later you should take the milk
you're going mm-hmm are you even going
even know what the car is and I never
always do - sometimes you don't you
don't I always do that sometimes I just
follow on around we're in the car park
and I just I just don't tell her where
the car is because she never remembers
are you like that can you actually
remember where you park your car or you
one of these people they just cannot
remember I know where the car is but I
do not think Anna knows where two cars
oh that's a fancy one eat half now how
are you driving hello
