again horns vodka cheese
guys I'm just checking right so I'm
trying to upload the the musical blog
from yes did you guys like that was that
a hoot
was that a hoot get up fruit so it's
uploading now but let's hope that
today's upload is actually gonna work
properly otherwise it's not gonna go up
like it's two o'clock now and I'm
uploading so if it doesn't work like toy
it's been for the last few days it won't
be able to like eight o'clock tonight
which is redonkulous O's but hopefully
it does work and hopefully your plans
true since 76 minutes but you know that
could mean anything
and why YouTube is at the moment after
momentos what's going on here look what
you've done to my lovely clean house
which you've done to my lovely clean
house look at this destruction
newspapers ever it used to be my studio
now it's become some sort of a pooping
palace well no actually it has not
because see doesn't pop anymore in the
inside which is cool and there's no more
sloppy presider you just hold the extra
cool so no more sloppy poops and she's
quite good she's going to go outside
because I'll be running outside and she
follows her man and she look pretty much
anything Albie does she'll she'll do it
as well which is like totes totes
I am blinded by the Sun which I love it
oh I love the Sun the blinding part is a
little bit like what but inside it's
just open funny
oh goodness goodness gee golly I love
the Sun let's get down to a bit of Babel
sites in let's get down to a bit of a
ghost lesson Oh bagels bagels for a
similar sneaky fraud Anna is right I go
to open the paper pack this happen
yesterday right I still got a bag I took
like this bagel from the top right and
look at this right she had had at kaput
kaput sit right she could I see thing up
right oh I just put that back in there
put it back in there and I take it out
of right all right put it in there it's
hard doing this with one hand but I'm
like a machine I'm like a bagel slicing
machine oh no see that's where it goes
wrong as you see he's just starting to
level it up no stop falling over I know
we all want a little chick chick chick
in the
so now she making music of our guest
today but we are later need to feel
viable to homage make a hum a song every
moment goes by ordinary Heiser I love it
oh right baby it's cold outside have a
cup of tea tea vehicle for my lady my
lady a baker for my lady I made a bigger
family where's my lady - collector
beagle oh look fancy I love that jacket
II think I know looks abroad thank you
judo video and her hair is it if only it
could all be the top 500 global channels
on YouTube and receive move are lost and
you guys watch that pilot short oh is
that recently called the Cape but this
on today a nice feeling like like I
don't know I just feel like the Cape man
cuz I just watched an episode of it it's
kind of crap but then at the same time
you know I was like it's ridiculous you
know but then it's kind of like Oh
what's gonna happen next
you know Hanoi I don't know I know what
channel is on some American channels but
if you haven't seen it check it out from
realize
but think about it are you watching it
do I look like him what about the big
man by the Cape man look at this
contraption Nina's made here oh he's in
charge I'll be in charge
bush bush alright well that was the
smallest one the harness thing alright
the test run won't be going that far
just wanna see what she thinks of it all
right here oh I wonder what her well
this is gonna be an adventure
hi guys mush mush if I had a sleigh I
forgot them to pull me along be so cool
that's so funny
just like doesn't understand the concept
lose the heart this is just like a rose
fell over
careful you don't step on her
it's okay good boy Albie hope it was
still trying to poop casino I wouldn't
stop attacking him every time he tried
to go and he's like mid poop mid-run
good dunks
someone's gonna sleep well tonight okay
guys your workout schedule the league
gets second play nice Alvey and Cena
it's not tired to me way more than a
normal walk yeah the music might murder
us in our sleep poorly just area yeah
careful he's so small and she goes so
near he's gonna go go will change after
him first
all right the tree I'm back look at our
he's like I know the way
you cheated you cheated Alby
we're gonna be grabbing hopes you might
go into that tear a huge hole or party
for a fox or something here there's
those they don't look at it's not what's
in there do you think oh my goodness
guys my heart is breaking with this at
this YouTube upload think it's just
totally crashing all the time so now I'm
gonna try it using Firefox instead of
Google Chrome and see that doesn't
anything but like just like the ninth
time today I've tried to upload this
this is like getting so frustrating cuz
it's just keep cider crash now and then
it doesn't go up to like 7 or 8 o'clock
and that's fine for it
I suppose you continental heads because
you guys already waking up there but
then oh I don't know it's just really
frustrating it's really frustrating I do
apologize at the x varying ridiculously
at the moment I just need to warn you
guys prepare for extreme cuteness are
you ready oh my goodness because they're
too small probably are these baby
clothes fit you
see guys I see I see unis icy roads icy
roads Aleksey icy roads to walk the
route in the path in single file single
file on the path we got some Casey Kiro
think it's about two years too cute we
got it so better be so globally amazing
party my ones one of them have some
videos when it came with the burger you
don't want something exactly
so where's where's your burger wouldn't
you be in slightly separated I'll be
worried
come on in I'll get matching white and
red white enrich your mattress gosh darn
it totally gumdrops garlic gumdrops
colleague um laughs guys it is really
really stressing me out and it's really
upsetting why the videos won't upload
now I don't know if it's just us or if
everyone globally is having a problem or
if it's a European problem or anything
even an ireland problem but it's really
really stressing me out and really
upsetting so hope you guys bear with
myself on YouTube always survive this
little snap foolery and hopefully it'll
get back to normal soon I promise
do promise
offer for the puff past 30 - the
fugacity a two-year-old puff pastry
I said put pastor you tester people pass
me yesterday ready pass ready
bastard bastard bastard bastard now I
wouldn't get one of me in the store
captive to be able to fit it will pray
to the Avenue D paper if the pupil in
the purple friend go to that sticker
Vista Caribe um this car does not have
um wanna share a moment guys look 99%
processing look hundred-percent uploaded
it is almost gonna pop come on come on
