say good morning will be 00 until he
said good morning Eli little squirt all
right let's get the coffee in hands it's
got the coffee in man let's get the
coffee in you want to drop us a coffee
shop with a cough each office for a
later don't let it yes please I'm quite
chilly myself but I'm gonna have a
narrative work at today guys all that
doors are open oh my God look at that
that's so cool okay look great there's
no ice there because all defrosted but
look in the shadow its all full of frost
and ice whoa in the shadow dare be frost
and ice and m shadows don't go into the
shadows there's frost and ice and m
shadows it's time for a working on a
Thursday afternoon radio radio Joe got
Maya vol vce keys John I might do before
my workout just to give myself a little
little pack up I might just take a
couple of that Braco boost just to get
although I don't feel that I need it now
though I usually need it more and you
see it's funny thing about brocco booze
you're supposed to take it like you know
when you're in work or something it
gives you that harrumph you know a
little bit of extra energy i think it's
like vitamins or something in it I don't
know but I don't take it when I'm at
work oh no no no no I take it when I get
home from work because why would you
want to waste the extra extra bit of
energy that it's going to give you for
work time why don't you keep the extra
energy and use it when you get home
doesn't that make more sense wouldn't
you want to be energized when you're at
home instead of me energized and work to
be more productive
i went ahead and i downloaded loads of
those songs from am that IQ instinct and
also I Gagne got a lot song instead I
realized I don't have a CD to burn so I
looked around and do not own a single
burning CD i both dvds but you know dvds
are kind of a kind of pointless so I
don't know what I'm gonna do I guess I'm
gonna have to go and buy some cds hello
hello Chum so no Chum the mighty is not
for my ear fun for my fun the way it's
none of Percy thingy alright what time
is it time is it mr. wills 1437 337
alrighties alrighty rooms maybe i might
do em might just do a 40 minute cycle or
something today I'm thinking like if I
can keep this up from one I'm gonna go
and get one of those elliptical machines
cuz they're like about 150 you know and
that team is like an hour 50 quid or
something so if I keep it up you know
I'm like okay convince myself that I'm
gonna definitely keep it up I can put it
over here somewhere like that because I
think they definitely am they seem a lot
better because she like walking instead
of sitting or something I don't know I
don't know but let's get on with the
show
good day down guys here's were making it
happen oh not too cold the time on
YouTube is going up instead I town it
was like 20 minutes was like yeah cool
have a work out of a shower come back
and it's like 250 minutes I'm like that
does not seem right at all so I'm gonna
have to reboot the interwebs intertwines
module and see if I'm see if that makes
any dough France I thought it'd be up by
now this is sucky because it's already
have three oh man ha semantics host
semantics so guys sorry yesterday's
video was a little late just not my
fault he does the interwebs tinter
tribes goodness me right I need some
food in my tum tums so today's vlog
video has failed like about a squillion
squad early time so we're gonna head
over to Mama's da lights and possibly
upload there she is like super fast
super lightning godlike speeds
connection to the into 12 but I guess
she's got UPC broadband we can't get UPC
broadband where we live which is totally
redonkulous because the Builder is 10
years ago didn't put in some sort of a
duck so we don't get fiber optic Robin
we get silly double pine phone crap
eircom stuff which kind of sucks ass
kind of sucks ass so I'm going to nip
over there because it you shakes about
like 10 or 15 minutes to upload a vlog
from her house so it keeps failing here
and it keeps messing up so it's gonna
keep failing a runner it happens where I
can just like gonna upload my blog the
three videos for the Joker's general
from the blog TV thing last night and
Anna starlight video we're going to have
an upload party fingers crossed a bloody
do it do it oh but dozen em I hope it
doesn't get our silly like it was that
Iran it's actually going to tree hundred
eighty four minutes now no ok so i guess
a youtube is the problem it's not our
interweb situation she can't keep it all
across ok climbers do keep i read it
okay seen that go go oh don't step on
the laptop please you mess up one hey we
might be in luck guys it's actually
doing something out look the same as the
thing he focuses luck it's actually
doing something oh you've no idea erica
how many times i have tried to upload
this today you've no idea this your
little baby such a little baby are you
gonna keep her forever hello Xena Xena
Xena and I recap living happily together
you know we did block TV last night 0
for 2 hours it's like a live TV show
we're in our house you guys you'll see
on this video it's at the end of this
video everyone's in it oh the Bambino
efficiently by me know okay you're
biting me you're biting me I'm uploading
the air the blog p video to dealer
channel so you have to see it isn't that
right abs then that right I'll be I'll
big sees me jealous
he's dead losses but yeah I know and she
bides she's a little biter whoo qi
where'd you get that top England do you
love England oh snap foolery say it say
stop flurry oh you're so cute arree cute
hurry would you name she standing
upright haha you like a little doll did
you see her in the block what you did
the dancing oh you don't even watch the
vlogs do you disgust me oh no it just
will not get past twenty-five percent
it's like this stavanger a time I've
tried uploaded and it is stuck it at
twenty percent now Erica won't upload
the twenty percent now it's got a 78
minutes oh oh no it's probably YouTube
they changed our homepage thing and I
think I told her something oh you picked
the please cool thanks my magic touch my
dick touching your magic puppy magic
puppy powers give magic pop repairs use
your magic punky Paris go do it picture
waiting 20 min ago twenty one percent ok
wait a second hmm instead go away come
on you can do it no gonna do it it's
gonna make it happen this have to wait a
second here we go there we go make it
happen to a person scared it make it
happen gonna happen okay this isn't
moving anymore as well no no I will I
weather after wait about two minutes and
then every twenty one clip what if you
came two months no no do what this is
very upsetting it'll work
I don't think it's gonna work guys I
think it's gonna work I'm gonna stop for
an hour and I'm gonna try again in about
an hour gonna go home I'm gonna try
again as an hour right now this thing
come on what on we need to go home only
gone up to this laughing matter you look
like Willie Bearman what the hell you
away put your head back and forth yeah
heroin youtube has a carport so we're
just gonna drop the two little doggies
back so we can go to Tesco hope the test
that we go today after does go we go I'm
going on a journey to Tesco normally I
have like comments to read now but no
comments to read because there is no
validity vlog up there's no vlog up guys
what this is redonkulous the time is it
now it is the quarter past seven and
still at high seven actually and still
nothing nothing by not nothing at all
what were you doing at half 757
yesterday what were you doing because
yesterday is today sometimes I feel I
need to explain that because i'm not
saying how seven yesterday I'm happening
today but have some day Barbra drive
what I was sitting here in this car
looking at the moon because the moon is
quite spectacular nothing you can see
you can never see it I'm quite obsessed
with the moon as people say no to the pd
room dopey lady blue oak ask are you
putting a little light into my life
speaking with lights of my life is that
right so gone off he's like a crazy
lightning going off over there no it
appears to be gone there's a lot of
people in tesco the moment
which one would you like
it's on yeah golden syrup mmm what about
a nuggets wafer that's new guy new guy
it's new go Oh would you ever eat this
no I would marry and so they put in
these food truck in ice cream truck my
king run go yeah is that a petrol they
put chocolate sauce outside the ice
cream truck work that's hella now 45
minutes three percent yeah right yeah
right filthy liars i tell you filthy
liars i'll be catch what they are that's
what they are mm-hmm although somebody
just tweeted me instead let me just open
it up here Sophia tringle oh sad i live
in Denmark but I kind of loved mine
stuff to forty-one percent forty-one
percent i dream of forty-one percent I'm
still only at twenty-five percent so
maybe it's not just I thought it was
like maybe its UK and Ireland server
YouTube problem although I think
Charlotte said that she had a problem
yesterday and she's in California got a
phone yeah so maybe maybe it's a global
problem I don't know I don't know I
don't know but whoo three-time Cajun
music your voice you have to be setting
to get a treat hey sit good boy I wasn't
ready gonna sit sit sit sit Cena sit you
trained not be last time so if you can
train scene at two guys look who we got
we're too lazy tracing our knees pesto
chicken tikka mere for to look at all
the stuff you get what is like mountains
and mountains of foolish mountains and
mountains of food maybe mountains of
food
hmm oh you guys ever get the mountains
and mountains of food from tesco it's a
meal for two what is this we find a new
landmark guys twenty-seven percent
that's a new landmark I haven't seen 25
+ % since like years ago so maybe this
time it'll go maybe this time it'll work
who the excitement OMG Zen omgz there's
no no Oh mom I'm jeezy 45 percentiles
can you believe it Nina's ogoni can we
get a response please is the microphone
you can't bite my microphone she
thinking of microphones don't you have
cig micro coulomb no no you don't have
the microfilm location sort of color
balance themselves just there you're all
white now look yellow a minute ago
what's up you what you're a fighter
