oh my goodness guys it is like
completely white outside look at that
takes off frosty and white what so it's
summer's over it's back to winter I
guess then I've got to working at acting
a couple of times now I am sorry
anything okay not obviously I'm good at
acts I'm good at sticking your things
you know so what if I try and introduce
one small thing one piece of fruit every
day it doesn't matter what piece of
printer is on what time of day I have it
just to ensure it every single day
because I probably am not getting a
piece of fruit every single day so
that's my ex-girl I'm gonna try and have
a piece of food every single day because
when I get my coffee in the mornings at
the coffee man stand he always has
bananas I don't know why
so I've seen you this morning when you
get my coffee oh my get a bed Anna as
well
Oh bananas nice it's been so long since
I've had a banana pretty good for you he
becomes a bananas good whew and are they
tasty or a test dip analysis I keep it
like a monkey look
I guess videos why don't you crazy it's
for Albie it's for Aldi Messina even
Stevens is that we run the show but avi
gets fed first who's the hardest thing
about evening ones these typical boys
girls factors factors factors the
communal word it's just like all right
good Nana more needs to run down and
race around and just sit there playing
on me then you know cuz I'm a jock on or
something in there like to to jump up on
the stairs know what I've written this
AB bill bryson
audiobook when I'm in work you guys know
pricing check his audiobooks they are
really really good and I started
watching the history of everything
watching listening to history of
everything off like oh man I was really
good
then I watched the turn the Balkan which
is his life when he grew up in England
and America and then I watched where he
moved to America from England he's
talking about the comparisons of that
and then yesterday I started to the home
which is one where he's talking about
the history of like everything in your
home and stuff and something a lot about
like Georgian period and like yeah
almost actually didn't he listen for
every period of existence that we've had
but one of them where you where I left I
guess it was talking about like the
plantations and all I kinda stuff so
that's why I said plantations just give
me a little bit history of everything it
is seriously
is the coldest morning it just like
frosting news another means but it
sounds Copeland seriously I brought my
trusty boiling water if you leave me a
comment tell me don't put boiling water
in a car you clearly don't get the jokes
hello car hmm you at the frozen
her dad get you sir construction and
smoking nothing yeah car goodness I find
that low-fat milk is much better for
cleaning and we're knows then like you
know most fat milk you know I don't know
why but just works better you should try
it
this way we get rid of most of the stuff
some eisenerz
go off salad again pretty darn quickly
that works me guys
cassadee think it out obviously the
water's going to spray on me the wipers
are on already clap my pelvis you know
one of the nice things about a routine
frosty morning it's really pretty
outside like clear and pretty it gets on
a frosty morning
just check oh I think there's no one in
the lane beside me dear dear no idea
and in blood TV tonight guys which means
that I did you on TV last night hope it
was good
the catastrophe was it a cat-tastrophe
or a dog pastor Pete I don't know these
things
I'm hoping it worked that well I really
am truly am
I've never really done a blog TV and I
did when we were living in London she
did a few of them think like about maybe
three or four and we tried to do it
every Tuesday I was kind of a few and
I'm a little bit kind of like he's just
a little how do you edit the blog TV
know everything captain the captain
I don't have a pattern what film is that
line from captain I just don't have the
power
I just can't dude
well there's one for you there's one for
you morning folks
oh goodness if it's breathy in the car
it's pretty darn cold pretty darn cold I
tell you
yes haha :
ice to item called it in the mold and
tied it in the go I have cold or a
Michael
or it's been cold it's been gold in the
Mauryan fry no reason for hey we are in
traffic we're going on a walk with both
dogs it's my first time taking both of
them up by myself and of course I'm
gonna be holding Sina because she can't
she's not really annoyed outside yet
there's Joey do you remember Joey you
see you anyways so we're gonna go I'm
moving away from the window because I
don't want its owner to like look up and
I have a camera like pointing at him
anyway so we're gonna go and I'm gonna
have to carry her and so you guys better
wish me luck because I'm gonna have two
dogs at the same time it's gonna be a
little bit hectic but I think we can do
it and I'll be super excited because he
this is his first time in like a really
long time that he's been out for a walk
so you excited I'll be you going for
walkies I'm going for a walk - not
really you're going for a carry okay so
I'm gonna wrap her in that blanket there
and in it Xena
come on in thinks it's like playtime
come down come down kam damn oh god I
better go look at they're getting a bit
crazy one
what are you doing I'll be just hyper
maybe haven't we met Nate what are you
doing okay I need to go well I am never
doing that in my life again ever
that was pretty much a disaster
I'm home 15 minutes or so she's too
squirmy guys it worked the first time
when she was still really little which
she still is technically really little
but she is just two squirming she wants
to do everything and see everything and
follow everything and Alfie is just too
crazy because it hasn't it's been so
long since he's been out so I had to
give up and just go back because they
were just she was squirming and wiggling
in my arms and then he was biking and
everybody in it was just a disaster so
oh my god I'm so tired it's only like 15
minutes later but yeah I'm never doing
that again
maybe it was Jonathan or something but I
don't know I'm gonna just figure
something y'all say so yeah I'm gonna
make lunch now because I'm starving
almost time for the live show two hours
10 minutes an 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 2 hours
and 9 minutes
quite anticlimactic wouldn't you say
what can you say oh look at this page
guys look look I put the little thingy
on the page doesn't it look nice isn't
this nice cuz of the people here what's
going on here
that's plenty of Tamara Murray I haven't
done that in years but if you're not
done ears meet a snowman
okay back payment did you guys took guys
all in here already the eager beaver
among you ever met beaver first I need
some munchies thinking it in I was
hanging up actually someone said or I
heard somewhere that if I record it yeah
you can record it or something and then
save it and then download it and then I
can upload it to the dopest channel so
if you couldn't make the blog TV last
night I may have just uploaded the
entire thing on to the Javas channel I'm
like that so if there is a link e thing
here or if there's some sort of an
annotation here is it saying hey check
out the Joker's channel click here and
watch it then it's available it is
available to you right now for the arey
price of $9.99 plus potions and
packaging plus tax and insurance plus
bad delivery so we're talking let's just
round it up to about $500
you give me $500 right now I would let
you watch my blog TV that's a pretty
good deal a little pre live show party
hey guys I'm gonna workout twice as hard
tomorrow twice as hard and then work out
all day tomorrow I'm gonna spend the
entire day because I want to consume
this I went to consume all of this okay
all of this is being consumed by a
consumer hello I am a consumer I will
consume you
oh the joys about TV I think it's
cloning up here now come on now little
thing is doing its thing come on
integrated thingy bobbins laptop yes
allow click here to start broadcasting
connecting disconnecting could care
connected broadcasting is that it are we
on say hello say hello and be on the
blogger team some cool so we are still
here talking to the peeps on the block
let's give a shout out to everyone on
blogtv
everybody say hey I don't know zoom in
enough but we can see y'all y'all gonna
be on the vlog y'all gonna be on the
vlog TV
