so I just spent the last hour or yeah
about one hour total trying to find a
bobby pin I'm trying to kind of wear my
hair in like an updo because I'm going
wedding-dress shopping today and I
decided that for my wedding so far
anyway I change my mind like every two
seconds but so far as kind of decided
that I want to wear my hair up and this
is just like a it's not like completely
perfect but it'll do for now because I
have like three bobby pins to work with
although I found one more so I actually
have four but I literally spent like the
last hour looking for bobby pins because
what happened was I was wearing my hair
in like this fancy bun and then I
decided I didn't like it and all this
happened when I was in the car my
fiance's and my car so and he takes out
to work and all my bobby pins right now
are in like the middle section in
between the two seats because we put
them all there when I took my bun out so
I just decided I didn't like it and
started taking it and I remember
thinking to myself at the time I was
like I know I'm gonna regret this I know
I should probably bring these inside but
of course I didn't so I only had like
three bobby pins
every time I move my head I feel like my
hair it's gonna fall down but I want to
wear my hair up for today because I know
that if I see the dress and my hair is
down it's just gonna make a big
difference because I'm gonna like I
won't see it properly so yeah um and I'm
waiting for my mom to come now so she's
gonna swing by we're gonna leave the
dogs here and we're gonna go shopping
and it's just the two of us so that'll
be really cool and we're also kind of on
the hunt for my sister's bridesmaids
dresses because both of my sisters are
bridesmaids so yeah you guys get to come
along with me and I hope my hair does
not fall out
I think because I'm not really nice car
yeah Scott Charlotte finally got China
my friend Charlotte little present from
she lives in California and I just
understand George washed up
oh it's Dean it stinks in there girl you
did yeah okay cam down I better clean up
that huge messy mess in Johnson City oh
did you have a good time as a tween Oh
careful those are important stuff stop
crying stop please do boy and good girl
yeah there really stinks right now well
hello guys but you even forgot about me
you're probably all like
oh I'm just so tired this morning ls+
I'm feeling the burn I'm feeling the
burn
every part of my body because I'm not
eating as much crap food my body is like
I'm getting headaches and did is and
tired and guys quit at a food type like
that you know change change your diet
dramatically do a better and healthier
diet and then start like working out and
did everything my body's just like
playstation eat some pizzas and sweets
and cakes indeed fudge but oh no it's
hardcore workout time folks with a
healthy living diet and it is tough
tough making the transition yesterday I
came off work I think I'm just like
collapse that was it like I fell asleep
over there for hours I woke up I ended
rendered produce all the vlog stuff and
it just like fell back asleep woke up
this morning think again I was just so
exhausted I'm just my body it's just
like it's craving out so I need to I
might for like the first month I might
try and get you know those multivitamin
thingies that you got you just drop them
in water like a little top ugly thing
and they're like Billy I put
multivitamins baby I need that my
brother said though he should add you
eat some like turkey and chicken and
stuff cuz that's like high protein or
something I've got any other suggestions
leave them below that's how I've been
guys and Anna went wedding-dress
shopping today so I don't know if she
shows you the one that she got but she
got one and it is very very lovely
indeed scheming stairs now sorry oh my
god it's like what the hell behind where
no we do
all right that the cups cats I was in
the cups guys guys no that was a cups K
I did all I got all my batches I did
indeed I was a badge go-getter so I
think we're gonna nip over to Tesco
because brofist that's where Franklin
wrote it now another fun brokest Roth
has suggested that there is a barb thing
that you can use for doing sit-ups and
crunches and pull-ups and all sorts of
things bobbins but they're normally
$59.99 the tests stored in a clearance
sale of $9.99 quality's probably not
going to be super duper good but like I
was saying most of the equipment I have
is not super duper good just to make
sure that I'm going to keep it up so I
was thinking I'll get the crunchy bar
and it will clip in here so I have my
yoga mat out on the floor I will be able
to do sit-ups and crunches because I've
been doing right V sets and Y's and
crunches up but I've been doing it and
using my own kind of legs which puts a
lot more strenuous pressure on the area
see it don't need the pressure for so
then you know right the day after it
first wrote that I woke up when I was
like nothing works my body was in
convulsions like and then we went to the
cycle of like having no energy and
falling asleep all the time and now I'm
feeling a little a little more woken up
but I still feel that you know gotta
change diet but I'm gonna go for testing
good evening I'm rambling he's a Rambler
Balram
my oh wait are you rambling rambling man
maybe someone saying I'm with a dog
yesterday I was playing there that was a
west highland his name is Joey and he is
our neighbor
Joey's our neighbor Joey has two parents
a mom and her dad they're also our
neighbor but yeah so it's one of these
friends and then she just wanted to see
thena so they enjoy so the thing is in
here this is the thing I was talking
about one body ultimate home training
setting so that's pretty awesome and
it's pretty cheap as well which is
pretty cool I'm gonna look like that guy
see that that's going to be me
oh yes and that will be me two days
or was it no I have to keep an eye on
this thing that's the new thing every
day after the workout we say one day
closer to the Beachbody
what about that boost one is that a good
one what does that do is there like a
multivitamin so like one you know what's
that what's ginseng cinnamon seeds are
zinc I don't know guys um probably
you're one of these but um leave me a
comment oh and let me know what are the
best vitamin T bobbins that you can get
you know what's that that Memphis
disgusting
depict at all oh you look really pretty
I love your new hair
Thursday it makes you features more
popping you just look more Italian lunch
we have found our wedding cake guys
check it out look oh my goodness it
looks just like you is it the same way
oh she's like not having any of it oh my
goodness there we go that's the wedding
cake sorted that's so cool
or we could go with the caterpillar or
first Peppa my godson loves Peppa Pig so
guys I won't wear that Braco boost
because there's been this ad that keeps
coming up on my youtube channel ages and
ages ago and it was this little guy
through a bracket boost this little
green sort of animated guy would run in
and kick the guy in the leg and he's in
the middle of a business meeting when I
was like baraka boost instant fuel for
my new body vitamins minerals and
natural so one ran and
set up for my show you later so of all
the quarter 9/16
hey Ryan I didn't mean Facebook okay
workout mode my entire body is saying
but I'm saying one day closer to the
beach body call feeling the burn that
means I'm working it
blogtv thing is all set up for tonight
because this video is gonna be uploaded
tomorrow which is today so it's on
tonight what's going on I don't know
so this is the situation here's my blog
team whoa it's white
I'm yourself this is what our little
channel looks like this is a company
guys I don't know what this is that is
taken but I didn't really have an option
that's us they're just what everybody
else here if you want to find the link
go to mom I put a link e thing here
Wednesday 19 January 9 o'clock for the
UK and Ireland which is like I think
Europe is like 10 o'clock for Spain
France and Italy and all that kind of
stuff at 4:00 p.m. eastern seaboard and
1 p.m. PST I hope you see you okay no
are you sure it's happening now let's
just close that down okay so uh it's on
tonight so if you're like sitting it
right now and it's like one o'clock in
eastern seaboard or Weston's your
Pacific Standard Time
I don't really understand those times so
well to be honest guys I actually just
copied that off someone that I have to
comment on my page let's keep that let's
give her let's give them the credit so
we give them the credit okay been
counting time zone which I believe the
same score nine yeah Eastern dressing
chuckle bird chuckle bird it is chicken
birth chicken birth check out bird
cheeky bird cheeky birds
it's all cheeky bird tickle Shakeel
cheeky Albert thanks for your
information about the time zones because
without it we would all be lost
so I'd go to my husband or probably
gonna Twitter it anyway so go to my
Twitter follow me Twitter so you can
actually see because I'll probably tweet
when we're going live now guys this is
the first time I've ever done it is live
blog TV things so there might be some
technical difficulties at the beginning
of the show but don't worry about that
don't worry about those things and if
you're thinking like someone said I'm
gonna read from school will be out for a
little while so you know check it out
anyway we might be there we may not
we may be there or you may be square
