see it's the postman that means my one
time it is time for me to leave my
certainly a while ago I see the postman
leave when I supposed a man not a man
left it I left it I'm still left it
I am almost right Monday Monday I
secretly hate you but I understand you
have to exist I think Hannah might be
going wedding-dress shopping today
yesterday her and her mom are gonna go
wedding-dress shopping isn't that so
super cool another funny thing about a
wedding is that kind of sneaks up on the
I bet you don't want to think that like
getting married
it's like when you get engaged sort of a
period of getting the engagement and you
know the little time after you feel like
wow this is crazy you know and then
Danny kind of adjust to being an engaged
person you know and I'm pretty the exact
same that happens once you get married
you adjust to being a married person but
initially you don't really take much of
it because I'm like
you know it's like you know you know
it's 2011 man wants to walk up an aisle
a man can walk up the aisle
that is gonna come up he lifts the veil
and I don't know then then we're gonna
be married so crazy you know
because since my hairs be like a
whirlwind it's like
you know your parents like oh you just
knew honey when you eat the right food
you're like you don't just know because
I always thought I don't just know they
just grow in you because of all the
relationships I was in prior to Hannah
I always thought no
I suppose this would be the one and I'm
a sucker for love I love everyone I've
always liked you know after the second
date it's like I think I love you
you're the one I haven't such a sucker
like that yeah I know it's all over then
give you sex me and I'll go should be an
instance of can't the effortlessness
over there
upon meeting and it's just I don't even
notice the difference the four years of
soda we've been together I don't even
notice it was like much you know that's
the sad thing in the if you meet the one
you love life goes faster
anyway I know and you know middle of a
Duffy more this morning Laffy Taffy moon
also an equipment because there's no
terrific traffic this morning
highway superhighway I haven't vlogged
on this camera for a really long time
actually and I kind of hate it right now
because I know it's worse quality than
my other one foot here's my new fancy
fancy one and I'm sure you'll agree that
that's way too big to like vlog with you
know like Davies laugh with so when
you're like traveling around alright not
travelling but like walking around um so
basically we're waiting for my mom to
come for lunch she's gonna have lunch
with us and by us I mean me and Athena
and Albie who are making a huge mess my
room is a mess so I'm just trying to fix
it up and tidy it up and the dogs are
just making a total mess of things
so I wish the Dino is old enough she's
just chewing on a piece of plastic this
thing and then she was also chewing on
this earlier but anyway I wish that she
was older and that she could go for
walks because then I could take both her
and Albie for walks but at the moment I
can't and I can't leave her here on her
own so I have to wait until Jonathan
comes home before I can walk Albie or I
might actually try walking him and
holding her at the same time but if I do
that I probably won't be able to blog
any of it because I won't be able to
hold it like three different things so
yeah basically what we're doing is just
getting ready for my mom to come and
she's gonna bring some homemade pasta
well not the actual passed out but you
know what I mean like homemade as in who
made in relation to the sauce not the
pasta yeah you get what I mean
anyway so yeah that's what she's doing
and then I don't know we might go for a
walk I don't really have anything time
for today
have like a million videos filmed
already to upload and I kind of got
everything done at the weekend so I'm
free for today so hopefully things don't
get too crazy this week but also we
really need to go and get I'll be
trained because we want to just take
them to some training classes just
before the wedding and stuff we're going
wedding-dress shopping
I'm going fantastic maybe maybe because
we don't even know if the place actually
sells but if that's what you want to
know
oh did you put back up my thanks and my
mom swearing horizontal stripes
encouraging to my book and look it's
from the same place where she bought my
scarf my showed scarf in the video Magda
me same
I don't know anyway yeah we're going
just to a little version of the shop
that we were going to go to which is in
town but we're not going into camp kind
of late now so but this week we said
that we might check out some wedding
dress shops so that's ordering now and I
will be and Xena are at home and they
are hopefully not going to get up to
anything guys it's bright outside
it is bright outside and I am driving
home and it is bright outside it is time
for a celebration a celebration I tell
you
oh goodness goodness jeepers my bit of
MD oh it's a bit of them see I think I
was thinking of oranges don't oranges
give you vitamin C and then the orange
is like the Sun out my brain I think it
but I am incorrect with my assumptions
but it is sunny oh goodness that means
the vlogs will be getting brighter and
longer because a lot of times I don't
blog cuz I'm just like what's the point
it's just dark so there's nothing there
it had wedding dresses but they were all
on sale so they were all like the
smaller sizes or the bigger sizes so
none of them actually didn't have any of
them in my size so that's sad but we are
going to collect my sister Eric I know
and then we might go somewhere after
another boutique and then tomorrow I
think we're gonna go downtown and we're
gonna look in the same shop that we were
just in and except it's bigger this is
so nice to be able to actually come home
brightness I know I keep going on about
this but guys the people that live in
the sunny world don't know what it's
like
he gets so dreary and dark when his Ana
home yet far as I know she went off
shopping than her mom she may or may not
be home so there was nothing I know we
lived in here but they didn't have
anything they don't really have their
full-length dresses and yet so we're
gonna go shopping tomorrow and we're
gonna find probably find something
healthy
yeah I know I came home you take out me
don't mean both of it this is not funny
but I know you Sean it's just no Alvey
it's just your ERV
