it's time for a work session with
chambers it is Sunday morning the vlog
has been edited and it is uploading it
will take 72 minutes to upload within
those 72 minutes yesterday last time we
did like 20 minutes let's put you to bed
maybe thirty four thirty thirty yes I
pushed it too much 30 I don't have a
broken bones tomorrow so let's open a
little bit today let's get to it if you
want to do it who's with me
take it to the max hmm I've been using
this Lucas a bottle as my water bottle
because I feel like you just lucky looks
more like sporty you know you feel like
I'm more like Jim is slightly tuned into
a laundry room
we'll have to see past that general I
need I need to make a CD yo guys because
I only seem to have the radio which is
kind of annoying because they end up
talking and there's ads and I kind of
lose my momentum but haven't I got a
chance to do it yet so I need I need to
make a mix CD you know like a mix CDs so
guys when you guys work out and stuff
give me a list of songs just stick them
in the comments and give me a list of
them songs like what songs that like you
know I'm pretty good some like Linkin
Park or like you know I don't like you
some dance yourself just realize okay
not praise the Lord Thomas I mean I just
you know what's give me something that's
kicking you know give me a list like
giving it a not just one like give me a
list of like a good few songs that I can
stick on because I probably I probably
don't know under mine I like my records
IRA listen to rappers you know what I
mean so leave you some comments some
good songs to work at songs so I can get
my work on because guys we are one day
closer
took a beachbody wait alright guys here
we go
38 then if we can see that because they
open thing anyway
it's 22 - what do you say should I do a
video my workout session
okay so he's a shower we're doing it
guys
I push it further today I push it
further okay it's worth it totally super
cool
take this eh come on Tina come on she'll
go see well go I seen your dear son okay
come let's go come on all the way all
the way
come on girl come on Johan Xena
hey obvious in some yoga Alvie are you
doing some yoga what you got there Abby
did you got there that's what some air
in here after a hearty workout is rich
that's a tiny about the mat it comes
with all the instructions fitness I knew
it
yeah give me that this thing this thing
this earthy lipgloss II think I'll be
has stolen that once more that keeps
getting stolen and mommy right now we
need a lunch a lunch for the workout man
or working out to a working man working
out man's diet okay need something - hmm
maybe some whipped cream it's so nice
out here so nice to have a balcony we're
like do we have
that's my workout room in there it's so
cool
whew that just goes
so nice then let's think it's no we
should do we should try and get like I
get that chat a bit or something like
ran here so you can see right into the
Sun you know but not be so nice the Sun
comes like right down there that's
definitely like it's January here I am
talking about so we should do for your
brunch because the sun's out I know I'm
just not like you don't need such an
exercise you just you guys should try
better exercise like I don't like the
second time I've done it but I
definitely feel like this is the
endorphins that get released or some I'm
sure someone knows you guys a crazy
video monkey monkey boy the fight over
monkey also do they know know the answer
to when should I cut her hair for the
first time because look at now it is
like she's like she's like half that
actual science but because her is puppy
hair it's so fluffy and it's so long but
I don't know how long I'm supposed to
wait before I'm supposed to cut it so if
someone could leave me a comment and let
me know when should I catch Tina's hair
I know a couple you guys like like at G
Thompson you has a Maltese or or I think
it's it'll never come as Maltese if you
guys to leave a comment and let me know
or if you have a Maltese or if you are a
groomer and you weren't aware about the
specifications of the grooming no
because I don't want to be too long for
it but then I don't want to cut it to
area and then she might be cold but she
looks like a little a little chunky bear
you know she wants it so like big on
providing Xena plus I really want to cut
her face because I want to shave off the
little bits of hair in her face that
have the M the sleep which is that a
little brown line you know Albie doesn't
have it because we groomed Albie for the
first time he had it when we got him and
then we groomed him
got rid of it and then we just manage it
every single day Anna when I say we I
mean Anna she she takes to sleep out of
their eyes like every single day and
kind of looks after them so in order to
start that process we need to like give
him a haircut for the first time so just
wondering one note is she totally
dominates Albie they're like best
friends forever
the point me is I bet out there you
really upset now if we got rid of Cena
we written start dissolving that now at
it like they're probably inseparable at
this stage like they sleep together they
played together you know and what I'm
doing is I'm kind of purposely ignoring
I'll be a little bit like I know what I
don't see yesterday I was like I love
out anymore it's not that of I'll be
more it's that I'll be needs more love
and seeing it isn't as needy as I'll be
probably because Cena when Cena came
here she came to a home which we had a
big house like this we already have a
dog and she just follows
I'll be around she learned everything a
million times faster now when we first
got Alfie we're living in London we
didn't really know we never have a dog
before you know we had a like it we were
in an apartment like complex II thing
you know so he couldn't really grab what
she never really met it cuz we didn't
have any family or anything in London
you know so he had a very very different
life you know whereas Cena from day one
has already had you know all the things
that I'll be has now and it's just she's
just much faster on but she doesn't just
need us as much for that you know I'm
good you know I'll be had the accident
he's only got one eye so I always feel a
little bit sorry for him Cena probably
uses to her advantage
don't you hear her
did you win Xena
it's fun even Cena does it was really a
great Chile now they could be like the
quarterback the quarterbacks the best on
isn't it
you guys cheerleaders or quarterbacks
leave me comments and let me know
come on let's do our cheerleading Mon
Ami Martina time go Gators go Gators Go
Go Go Gators go Gators she's a gator
wanna see my new hair color Oh Nina
diner and that's what she looks like now
and I'm so pretty
Oh princess beauty girl hmm I think you
need to dye your hair to hide you in a
diary big pink area whatever color we
got bye Abby the boys
Katers daters eight I don't know I'm not
very gonna meet you your aren't very
good mmm-hmm not very good I'm making
the words come out of my mouth
seeing I've got a boyfriend seen I've
got a boyfriend Cena's got a boyfriend
don't don't eat the ends now what is
your plan Oh what is your plan
are you going to try to eat me up what
do you thinks gonna happen if you eat me
it's gonna feed you do you think that
there's enough of me to go around for a
long wait of home I'm gonna try and get
enough lunches breakfasts dinners and
teeth - for now Monday Tuesday and
Wednesday okay a little Christmas ready
love your new hair you can't really see
it though I don't think in here to the
right cuz the Lighting's pretty good
pesto that's what we're gonna test go
because they've got really good lighting
okay small problem goodness what is it
this is a bit of a problem okay so did
you hear what I said
we're buying the food for three days
okay I do not want to go come back to
Tesco until the minimum Wednesday
evening okay get to work get to work I
think it's broken
there's like a toothbrush actually I
don't think that's the way it's supposed
to go now jelly beans yeah yeah you eat
tons of it then you get sick of it it's
ridiculous there 233 there to 44 20 legs
do not get they different kinda wound or
something
as crazy oh I want you to take out they
are different they always look this at
the same yeah the jelly bean factory
better then I was like that's not
possible is there the same thing but it
turns out they're not you had to here
first first first first perfil they're
not the same thing
oh you're so nice you put a video up
yesterday did you like today nice it's
just a little bit dark it's still really
blonde though this is like I think the
closest to my natural color I think this
is my natural yeah I'm not even sure
anymore but now I'm not gonna dye it
because I want my hair - why not - a
cornflower wedding hmm all natural
wedding yeah no preservatives or
additives I think my hair actually is a
bit more it's got some blond and Lake
streets in it especially in the summer
like in the Sun so that should happen
naturally
I'm not gonna dye my hair now for her
like I'm pretty
I'm actually planning on leaving my own
natural hair color for the wedding as
well if anyone cares dinner is served
now give us a little color tonight
chicken and bacon a little potato a
things and sort of em it's potato and
turn up what you believe but check it
out guys
empty empty sink it's empty it's empty
that's me did you make with your
microwavable oh no you didn't I didn't
microwave it I haven't it look at this
guys right I got one of these every day
for this week in the studio so I don't
have to go to the University because
it's closed right so I got chicken curry
I got a sweet and sour chicken and I got
a lamb Rogan Josh broken Josh yeah so
I'm wasn't that a good idea you can cook
them in the microwave so that's pretty
easy to do Athena Athena senior Oh seen
you around all right here's the plan
Wednesday night we're gonna do a blog TV
because don't you guys have comes like
ya know Bloody Mary so and we're gonna
do a wins now just loads a notice okay
we're gonna try it out it doesn't work
it doesn't work it does work whoo I
don't know where we're gonna do it as
far as you know Anna's laptop has a
little camera thing built into it so we
might use the laptop I've set up an
account called the saucony Jolie's on
blogtv I don't know if you can find a
bra put a link and later on coming up
towards Wednesday so be Wednesday night
so I'm trying to figure at a time that
looks like suits you guys in America and
everybody that's in the UK and it would
us and just trying to find like a good
time you know so I'm thinking like eight
o'clock eight nine o'clock you know on
Irish time whatever that is in America I
don't say it's like midday or something
I don't know but em what do you guys
think
Wednesday let me comment DOS let me know
is Wednesday go is Wednesday I go for
the live show I look at right
