oh crap purse now I don't know if you
just saw what I sweet it but a bit of a
mix-up you've got a lot of SDHC cards
and the Extreme Pro car that I was using
for vlogging yesterday got mixed up with
another one and then I'll clean them off
as they always do and transfer it over I
was in the editing suite and I started
looking at the footage and I was
thinking that was two days ago
oh no and I went back in and all that
was left was like wooden file when I
cancel it so I'm because we got the
rescue skinning till you got rescued Pro
it's searching the drive because we
bought these them these extreme ones
these are like really expensive and
they're they're really good you know
they're like really high-end
professional stuff so you get like
rescue Pro with it which is designed for
oopsies on the camera and stuff so you
know videos are a different story you
know some kind of hoping that's gonna be
able to find a videos from a covenant
for me otherwise
alright when she watches yesterday was
yesterday's robbed yesterday's vlog
happened T wasn't luck yesterday oh is
it just me apologizing like but yeah
also on another note we just got a call
like first thing in the morning from
Hanna's and she's like everywhere around
frantically trying to clean it up and
I'm sitting in here got like where is
all about edge so yeah the footage is
kaput it's kaput the other thing I was
thinking to do guys
and then about you tonight because I
know how I'll let people know and then I
will send her my own but you guys have
watch lamb blog TV like live it's like
live blogging sort of thing it's like a
live TV show blog vlog thing you just
you just press record music and then you
guys like comment and something I mean
because it's great I really I think it's
awesome and I got loads of people like
commenting and stuff now but I hate to
think of some people think that they're
not actually like I'm not reading the
comments cuz I am reading the comments
but if they better daily dog it's not
like I sit down
and make the video and then have time to
go read all the comments and stuff like
when I open up a video it's the day
afterwards you know and then the day
that is happening today sometimes I
don't have time so you'll see in that
day like I have no down time I'm not
going around doing all the stuff so
don't get an opportunity in another
video goes up another video goes up like
and I love what you guys comment
sometimes I get a chance I like and
always cheer them are like but it might
be a day later somebody I never liked
and then sometimes I see people saying
like oh he never answers me I do I do
read them all you know and it's like I
don't want people thinking that I don't
send so it's like maybe if I do a blog
TV thing you know where you know like
once a week you can do like a live
what's going for dyndns my baby
Oh kind now look watch her she'll jump
down she's no fear my new book
recommended review writer reveal no we
have to change some things that's why I
haven't announced that it's on sale yet
but we're gonna change the border and
we're gonna change thing any bobbins
and that's it oh and then here look look
what they did
look what Jonathan gate and under my
feet there you go
the eye once you got a pen and do you
guys want me to sign the copy me and
Albion Cena we're not even in Nepal we
don't even get a mention in the book he
loves do me what can I do show you
something that Johnson does all the time
and it drives me absolutely crazy and if
you're a normal person that would drive
you crazy to look at this I feel like a
poltergeist is in our house what the
hell is um down everyday event this is
like I'm going to not even joking not
even not even close to joking what the
hell has gone on in here it looks like a
million poltergeists came into this room
I just open everything open it it's like
to use those lazy convenient
nobody else does I must have video
nobody else does it except for our
losers come on Jane why not be yeah okay
the word not be is so gross like it's no
just a diaper Americans in Iraq how you
say diaper and then in England and
Ireland you say not be yeah but it's
nothing I can't say it so we just say
pampers Columbus it's like saying Hoover
you know but I can stead of vacuum
cleaners Hoover is just a brand or like
biro although I don't really like that
worry there should not be like a wine
region or something that's on nabhi
yes last night I was talking about this
show that we watched together and it's
called 24 hours to kill
and it's an Irish show up at murders
it's not funny at all
but it's really good but it's about
murders that happen in Ireland we've
watched like three of them right
we've always take three of them there
were only three episodes and I was like
oh my god like they're gonna run out of
ones to do this I can't believe Mike
said this last night I wasn't even
thinking properly press just like
they're really gonna run anything of
episodes because you know I cannot
believe you just said that it's not a
bit a murder that takes 24 hours it's
read to 24 hours like leading up to the
murder
like I was like yeah you know that's
what there's only three because those
two murders happen to take 24 hours so
they can't include all the other ones
this 420 or like some strangles you
slowly 24 hours and then 24 hours to do
true but I think the actual issue is
that Ireland just don't what we have 300
we do but there's not that many like
chilling stories I shouldn't even be
laughing about it because it's not even
funny like the last story was your shop
it was really horrible and you guys
watching this on TV Thunder website if
you haven't seen it yeah it's good but
you see our little just it's it's a
small country so they don't have a lot
of like crazy murders as remember the
scissor sisters
hairdressers or something nothing
glamorous like that that's you on
tonight oh darling we're ready unsolved
mysteries dying
we're always ready sooner to start me
come at some misty be like good evening
that's American though yeah I know but
they were like way cuter or what so is
that you know those ones not to eat
honey watching stories you know those
ones that you acts like on them II not
just good ones nobody know like be I'd
the murder ones whether like yeah yeah
yeah and they react the whole thing
although the Irish 24 hours one they
have the crappiest afters ever sorry
Dean I just Bala when she was running to
her crate Micah Jonathan's like retro
Sumeria he's got the stare question
right my boy so they get a want to ride
ghetto blaster yeah I do want to do as I
do for cycling today
1 2 3 Loran hey what you're gonna like
fall back on your child you're gonna get
a license when I'm into ghetto looks
nice with the plant Popo what's your
problem
no straighten their own good though Wow
how did they have those in the 80s
because the weather is yes but Oh
thinking like happy they plug it in a
massive extension cord don't you see the
guys on the beach I'm like where's the
course go back ready this is just gonna
stand you right now watch that lights up
it's like two feet underneath it and
that's about it
not even one point does it can't touch
it okay we need to like just kind of we
do prefer I'll be huh or Cena
Oh
hope it's pizza night folks we're
getting some feet did you want a be
beating on Xena painted on Xena
pinky doing Oh pizza
Oh pizza do you want the same thing
happy happy happy happy forget about
those pizzas guys this is gotta break at
Twitter start tomorrow egg is gonna work
at one strong woman oh look at you can
list it up contour chose dr. Eddie we're
going we're going or going yeah what
hearing and there's like a superhero
it's team like let's go guys we have to
actually go to Tesco because lazybones
burger you can plan the bike lazybones
lazybone team over there of the Tesco
Eagle today of the Tesco we go
Table nine
UK's always EDM so I'm Charlotte just
left a comment and she was saying that
did you guys notice that there's a new
company in the u.s. called fresh and
something or other but it's owned by
Tesco so now you guys you can go to
Tesco in America I think chrome will be
better do you think Bromley Bromley what
do you guys say could you go for like
crumble apple crumble happen on break
room Bromley term 6 yeah
lisanna doesn't say to microwave or okay
no more microwave foods so we're looking
at a cheesecake now because everything
we have to cook said this way rooms cook
Jeannie still eat the ice cream
cheesecake so as many of you may have
seen a tweet or Facebook from Ana she
bought microwave popcorn and our
microwave no longer works so I had a
plan to take microwave popcorn and put
it in the oven so our oven is it's not a
fireproof open it or not a fireproof
it's not one of those fiery ovens it's
one of those kind of fine and sister
heat generating ones with a light pain
you know so i preheat the oven for the
last four minutes at about 280 the chili
just ramped it up there at the heat so
just got me instant heat when you put it
in I'm gonna stick it in and we're gonna
see what's gonna happen because it
doesn't say it doesn't say anywhere -
yeah you can actually open cook it but
it's not the same thing like apart from
the actual microwaves but they couldn't
have designed it to interact with the
microwaves it obviously just takes a lot
of that you know I mean firing down
directly on it so uh let's see if we can
pop the pop as well it may sound fire
and burn the house down but um I totally
think it's worth the experiment to find
out this is going to happen
whoo Thunder stairs first on your stairs
you can't see because there's no lights
no lights no more
and I keep saying I need to apologize
for something do men just need to
randomly apologize to women first for
just no reason or maybe there is a
reason that we just don't know about
we'll turn it into a kind of a catchy
song goes a little something like this
you need to apologize to me and
clockwise lifting my leg was really get
to work woman oh goodness
there's been tomfoolery no look is
anything happening
look the bag is actually growing over it
smells like burnt it's gonna work guys
guys check out my trick from the power
of my mind I shall move mm-hmm miss
thing where's the you know one because
monkeys monkeys monkeys to fall hmm
you're a bite see monkeys I love your
even if that doesn't Jonathan told me
last night that he prefers out no but
she's hot I'll be longer before we
develop the bomb but I will Ben she
loved her the same it's just that you
know I love Alby and then she's growing
on me I love her like I love her I do
love her just like I hate it oh snap
foolery
it's all gone what she does she's a face
biter
gosh mr. Parr there stop here booing
look guys the pike is risen all right
you can see five second rule-- five
second rule-- okay it is definitely
risen up here guys something is
happening inside that bag it may set on
fire still but there's a good chance
you're going to make oven popcorn he can
see through the bag he's actually
popping
see
okay yay straight from the oven so gonna
do get a second one
indigo it's a little baby on the floor
oh man
Xena what'd you get there give it to
mommy mommy love you
where's that boy Zak Merida mommy we
didn't see you you left half of it over
here it's gonna be honest job okay
probably going to cut to me running down
the stairs with a fire extinguisher we
don't have the fire extinguisher
