just a quick forward note do because
this video might be a little bit choppy
and you might miss certain scenes but I
don't know if you saw my Twitter this
morning or on my facebook I had said
that the SD card that I had recorded
Locke yesterday got deleted because
we've loads of SD cards and suppose the
projects going on and I don't know how
it happened but it did
I got a recovery program that comes with
because the SD cards really expensive
and you get this like recovery program
thanks to a problem of the files but
anything that was over a couple of gigs
wasn't able to bring it back so we're
kind of missing some of the footage but
you know it was all panic stations but I
got some footage I put it up so you know
I hope it's okay anyway thought you guys
later guys since you've had the dogs
I've had one dream one dream only and
that dream just came true what you
didn't do the same bad that's the best
ever budget of over X might disturb you
just work your way around
Oh
there's some super cheap
I know was ever gonna happen cuz I was
like one thing just to like cuddle
together and even this morning we woke
up on top of our petal both no might
speak to get on top of the pillow I was
like
loving this summer guys I've got the Sun
coming in the window you know working on
my fangs everything's going on like peep
bomb I don't know I'm wearing shorts and
a t-shirt and regrowing around the house
I'm like oh it's so sunny it's almost
summer time summer summer summertime sit
back when I'm guys troublemaking
so right now I don't know what it's
funny I'm just in a good mood so the
Vigilant see I've missed it I've missed
it so much it's been like so dark and
crazy bratty see his life it's been sad
talkin Chinese he is like just misses
the Sun Omega tree I don't like you
I know fish to start my fingers but I
like to eat the fish fingers what's
gonna need some server
music playing diversity you know I like
to have sort of music playing downstairs
I like you get like a cheap sort of
music player thing in music I have an
iPod though can you get an iPod thing
can you put your iPod into something
can't you keep like an iPod dock or
something I don't like wearing
headphones or earphones when I'm working
out because your ears get all sweaty and
then your headphones get all sweaty and
then it's just a sort of a sweaty sweat
vicar's what he knows maybe it's a
little TV thing I'm like where's DVD
player things you know that you're just
gonna sit there and watch
it's off exciting it's already exciting
times so because the mom Helen off so
I'm going to need a trolley and look for
this spotted here it is charlie just
light here on its own so that will give
me perfectly fine
I still live Holly from piece equal
people do you have here Abby where's
your sister
we can put just together here Nina
what do I know putting all that stuff
together itself it's a bit of a right
yeah but all done now let the weight set
thing I got the bikee thing set up you
look at this thing 20 euros and I put it
here so the door can be open
let the Maxum man air in you know it
should be kind of nice so let's do this
guy's let's do this beach body here I
come
all right guys she's heading off to the
gym I'm sorry about the gym right here
we go
14:35 let's just do 25 minutes today
this is sort of a slow warmup don't mind
or nfm people in the background sound
you know for me there
hide in ten minutes
spike honey right ten minutes between
the weights I did step was here that did
some conditioning the scratching lost in
the math we're gonna move back to the
bike for the cool
but when you're asleep
Littlefoot when eriously if you don't
return the subscribers yeah no I just
lighted him
that's just lies around for the next
couple of years we'll put on a fake
wedding I did when I was like I'm not
wearing my engagement ring yeah yeah you
know I'd watch the footage and beat you
right for one to go to Tesco I have been
dispatched to Tesco all along can you
believe it all on my lonesome to just go
who's the quick one today guys doctor
supplies had got out no dilly-dallying
no big lying I know you enjoyed the
Tesco trips but you know what maybe in
the future you guys could do to Tesco
trips for me we could get some sort of a
service with you guys could go to Tesco
get all my stuff and so what I was
saying that was that our plan is instead
of having a big long honeymoon into one
place we're actually going to drive all
the way to Italy so we're gonna actually
head from take a ferry from Dublin to
Cherbourg and then travel she share bird
and Paris then we'd have to annecy
crossing to Italy head down to Italy
then suddenly on smile because spend a
week there through the service obviously
then spend a week in a hotel and then
you sort of head back with this I'm
heading back take me go around the
pyrenees maybe down towards chemin ax
and then up and around so you know it
could be totally fun people have like
some meetups I don't think we have any M
do you have any French subscribers or
Italian subscribers you guys would be
interested in Venus will be kind of cool
and then the blog will be totally
awesome travelling across Europe like hi
we want to stay in a hotel but one
question do you have internet because I
got a whole videos every day but I'll be
like totally cool that's gonna make such
a fun like I don't know like three-week
vlogging sort of period we're gonna be
just like traveling all the time it'll
be so much fun with the two little dogs
and you know we're lighter em ransoms
like camp revamping or we like have the
car we like stop along hotels on the way
I don't know where's the oh but we
wanted to make it more interesting
instead of just like you know flying
there put the dogs today and putting
them in cranes flying there having all
the thing and then just heading back
home we're like nah all right come on
javis doesn't roll like that I gotta do
it it's like it's probably the biggest
thing is it is your wedding the biggest
thing you ever do in your life
I don't know well it's you know it's
gonna be it's gonna be memorable so
we're just trying to make it more
interesting you know we're trying to
make it's kind of different and also
