good-morrow friendly friends guess what
came in to post us this morning
holy crap purse guys holy crap check it
out this is our proof copy to ensure
that we like it do it like this it's got
good pages pages are good what the
pictures look like super cool oh my
goodness this is crazy guys we came up
with an idea like two years ago to
actually make like a book and now I'm
actually standing here with Anna's copy
of the book this is crazy if you put
your mind to stuff stuff can actually
happen stuff can come through guys I
told you 2011 was gonna happen 2011 is
gonna be on oh it's on people's peoples
of the planet robe so what have you done
hmm what have you done with your morning
I've got a publish the book what have
you done hmm exactly leave me a comment
and tell me what you've done because the
camera can't answer me guys this is it
are we motivated are we feeling it are
we groovin that's just a little bitter
that's just a morning a morning Haram
for you get out of bed get up stand up
do something for yourself today why
don't you guys like oh you're like
motivating and stuff but it's like you
know what let's do something for
ourselves today I want each and every
one of you to go do something you know
something that you've been thinking oh I
really like that guy or
girl and I want to ask the Magnusson's
I'm a loser blah blah blah straw go go
dude go do it right now pick up that
phone send that email add them as a
friend on Facebook Twitter them reply
them I don't know if you should go do it
what is there a job is there a job are
you gonna drop you hate you talk
yourself you know what I'm sick and
tired of going in here every day but
you've been going in there every day for
like years and months and days or
whatever go write your CV go send in to
someone get the fear
don't worry yeah just in case but you
know go send your CV out there let's go
do something don't do something for
yourself take a risk today today is the
day of risk-taking and achievement
because you'll be surprised I'm like oh
you can make videos of your life every
day
that's crazy people will go and say no
one will watch it well you know I make
videos from our die everyday people like
you can't go back to college of 26 you
can't change your stars
I'm changing my styles my stars were
like this and then a crazy yo yo you can
you can change anything and I like and I
was like you know oh no she didn't rzw
like cool you can you can't just go and
create a book oh well snap you in focus
snap foolery you can do anything you
want if you put your mind to it and you
get sit up stand up right now and say
George give it to me you mean comments I
want to come on in this video and I want
to know what you did or what you're
planning on doing and I want to know
that you did it you have to even if it's
like something is small it's like I'm
not gonna bite my nails today or I'm not
gonna drink coffee alright I'm gonna
drink to you or I'm going to go and buy
that run so I'm gonna cross that road in
a different place just do something
prove to yourself a tiny little thing
that you can do it that's all you have
to do
that's it baby steps you prove yourself
you can do one small thing next thing
you know a couple months later you've
proven to yourself to York you have the
capacity to do anything gotta take your
risk
make it happen oh yeah right
the rest of the day now so guys called
Game Boy I thought they saw a few months
ago and they said to me I don't receive
anything but I have the box with the
barrel itself and I said to me hey just
go ahead and bring the box in because
you know that CC CIT place I was talking
about I called them up this morning
they're like yeah no problems gonna take
six weeks 150 euros six weeks and a
hundred and fifty euros are you crazy
who's gonna pay $150 plus if 100 years
is like problem one six weeks to solver
a heatsink I got a son in 24 hours man
plates in government that guy who is
unknown and he just managed to do it
overnight six weeks
are you insane so I'm going over the
game my important thing gonna see if
they can hook a brother up so I was just
talking to my friend Alex there he works
in London and he's like a professional
photographer and I was just talking
about the wedding and stuff and he was
like oh yeah man I'll do all your
photography and stuff here
isn't that like super cool awesome and
he's really good cuz from where that
music video that I did with Anna he did
all this deals for that I met him in uni
when I was in Cork and he said that he
was gonna do it so that's pretty cool
that that's taken care of now pretty
happy about that
so that's pretty super cool and awesome
thanks Alex
alright just notice the back of my car
okay it doesn't look into my decks to
play stations covering it but it was
full of those Christmas tree things
those little barnacles I don't think
they're Garnett girls Joseph Joseph
Joseph that's a new one ah Joseph
brother to Joe Foss and Joseph bread
icon I have a brother
whoa oh no he's kind of like brofist
everybody Java's and brofist so is it
game of actually taking the PlayStation
he thinks he has another 88 playstation
and he's just gonna try and swap out the
hard drives to give me a brand new
playstation with my hard drive so they
don't have to like down on all the packs
and all the games and all that kind of
stuff so I'm just waiting to see that's
possible otherwise guys give me a new
one with a new hardrive game are awesome
no questions no master about just the
PlayStation yes sure serve no problem
swap that out game a rocket that's it
I'm doing my business will gain from now
on hard drive new machine plus two years
insurance guarantee next-day fixing
thingy Bob and so the pinkie swear the
pinky swear is unbreakable I take the
pinky swear a sparkly P why is the whole
room kind of yellow the new one okay so
I solemnly pinky swear to me now oh my
god it's really sparkly oh goodness you
can see it now whoa what sparkly hair I
didn't know you can't have sparkly hair
I'd say but inside a yellowy I'm saying
color balance is that outside like this
nope sorry that crazy light so guys I
solemnly swear solemnly swear to take me
not to the cinema tonight to see Tron
intruding
1d 2d 3d so it's kind of a win-win for
both of us
but poor ol Nina has been stuck in the
house for the last few days I don't even
know you've done two for the last few
days looking after the little munchkins
important Nina is all mother - she needs
a break you need a break so which one of
you subscribers has come in to babysit
okay we need a babysitter we need the
babysitters step love a new Playstations
not over the fact that has to download
everything again from the patches and
the map packs and all that kind of stuff
but just better than having nothing
think of yourself before you think of
yourself you may now lift your veil now
she's gonna pull the whole thing down
probably probably his idea of playing is
just like I better fix that I better go
over and fix that now all these voices
gone like ya know how these voices do
like
looks different lol at 10 years old
I don't know every night I get to get
bored you got a change you know
it was like he'll enjoy gonna beauty
thing for a while maybe now Allah never
clean shave but even ask don't even try
don't even say don't even cry all
wrapped up no place to go oh hey monkey
weren't you gonna let yourself boom
we're here folks now you two gonna
behave yourself I hope they are
that's enough newspaper here for for
dilly-dallying to serve Italian from the
poop poop and a poopoo monster puppy dog
test number two go see a film in 3d
while leaving the two dogs alone to take
care of themselves just a liquid note
you can go see something in 2d as well
but it's better we see something in 3d I
don't know why but somehow add something
to the experience
I don't watch people know who I am
there should be like a special car car
park place up the front for like oxide
that's that's reserved for this account
each other's ha try let me tell you
about trying guys trying if you haven't
seen it it's totally awesome it is an
audio-visual treat the sound is insane
now I don't know it was a cinema had it
like turned up like way up high but it
was like wow you know you know what I
was saying that I was like you know what
it's like it's like north um there's
those moments in a film where the guy
does something and it's like an epic
moment and the Bills of momentum and
livers a powerful piece because the guy
has done something in music and visuals
right thing about Tron
it is like two hours of non-stop epic
moments there is like you know it's like
he picks up a news and it's not stupid
you know actually makes sense you know
it's like everything is just really
really cool you know like I know who we
like complain that there's no story line
right doesn't matter like you know all
the guys is he goes in and he tries to
get back out same is the original crime
film except it doesn't matter because
that's not what it's about you know it's
about the imagination and the visuals in
the audio and the way the it combines
and the I really enjoy it you know
really really enjoyed I'm actually
really enjoying it too so fun I love Ian
Cena didn't quite like the fact that it
was two and a half hours long did you
Albie
did you like staying at home you did not
did you you did not that was made sure
he steals my chair all the time
PlayStation came back and you came back
look it's like the last two places that
didn't have this kinda cool little shiny
lighting on it so that's cool that's
cool that's cool as a fool
did you like Tron what was your favorite
part of Tron was a super hot chick with
the white hair juicy bright oMG what do
you think should girls go see Tron they
actually wrote a blog post on it well
not on prom night
did you think of trying did you think a
chance again I got omiai Taro's crap
because you guys left us to mine the
place for eight doesn't want a cup of
tea
Sina like a cup of tea would you like a
cup of tea
thumbs up for the cup of tea are you
handing me Oh Italian camera guys if you
hadn't seen it before that's the camera
he hasn't seen it before
Conan hate Vieira not Vieira the TV VEX
i rhf make some tea
oh goodness oh goodness that was cute
there were some serious cuteness going
on there okay look at this thing
the legs are gone ah it goes in right
and then it gets shunted to the back oh
look at those teeth she's putting it to
the back so she had a good chomp on us
Chomper come as me bleeding Champa
Champa mm-hmm
so today I wanted to get my hair cut I
wanted to fix the PlayStation I wanted
to get all these bed holds the other
thing I said go to poke my box so I got
the haircut I got the PlayStation fixed
but we did not get to the popo box nor
did we get and Cena her own bed but you
know what she he sleeps here and she
sleeps inside I'm sorry i boring you am
i boring you
the rocking chair am i boring you little
man
I can't even keep his eyes open look
oh don't leave my little puppy
