so for breakfast this morning I've added
up my calories and works out that I know
holux pizza having cold pizza for lunch
from yesterday cheese if my McCambridge
oh yeah you guys you guys bye guys bye
guys because guys I know it was like
people leaving comments and telling me
how to like going diets and watch
through that she could add my food a
shaven head added and all this kind of
stuff but I just want it I just want to
clear it up and you guys can you can see
my progress and you can see if it
actually works but here's the trick I am
NOT going on a diet I am NOT restricting
any foods at all whatsoever
I like food I like eating food I like
having pizzas on Tuesday Tuesday I like
you know having fun foods I like eating
sweets of o-18 sweets a line eating big
dinners I like I like eating McCambridge
of cheese in the morning time I like
eating my bagels hell I'll even have
cinnamon bagels I don't really care I
never look at the calories I never worry
about that kind of stuff I don't eat
that much fast food so I don't gorge and
those kind of things so I'm not stupid
like but I'm not gonna do that
I'm just not that's it all I'm gonna do
is they're gonna increase my exercise
amount that's all I'm doing I'm doing
more exercise but eating the same and
food and probably with doing more
exercise I'll probably end up eating
more because my metabolism will go
faster that's my trick guys that's it no
fancy diets not even not even an on
fancy diet you know because it's just
I've no interest in them and I don't I
don't think they work they just they
just put you under heart aching pain
everybody who's on a diet is unhappy all
they do all day long is think about
having the foods that they're
restricting themself from and then what
happens this guy have a breakdown in a
moment then you eat all the foods that
you know restricting yourself then you
feel really bad about it and you either
starve yourself twice as much or so
increased inside out next thing you know
the disorder is not crap and it messes
with your head plus what you want to be
unhappy you know eat what you want to
eat but just you know balance it out by
doing exercise that's my plan anyway I
am NOT like starving myself so I will be
having peace
and pizza for dinner and pizza for cheap
I just I just wanna say I was feeling Oh
patches Natalie this morning right now
it's Wednesday it's Wednesday last day
this week in the studio last day to
leave the children leave the children
alone many of those Rosen okay oh you
know one the other one oh my goodness
I brought it in this morning she ran to
the paper spot and she peed in the paper
spot I didn't have to get back to her
she just I put it out she's running over
jump down and squat it down a little
petal wrap back over to me and I was
like I had an arica moment the puppy
peed in the right place the best day of
my life it had something to my leg I
don't know when I did it how I did it
what I did I don't know I must be
kicking myself my slippery I must be
kicking me in my sleep yes she's an evil
one she is an evil evil one so I gotta
walk him at a million miles today to get
a cup of coffee it's probably worth it
would you walk a million miles per cup
of coffee by the time I got there the
coffee machine doesn't work anymore
Cheers slightly disappointed girl we've
been giving her less food the see if it
slows down her bum bum squishiness
mmm I had a chicken spaghetti okay
counselor I had a chicken spaghetti
spaghetti chicken thingy bobbins
it was lovely so very tasty look at this
crystal Masto tree is gone the Christmas
tree is gone guys why it's a bit of kind
of a fading thing there do you see that
it's like a haze it's like a haze over
there somewhere it's part of because I
dropped club orange in the camera my
have something to do we're tip of it oh
my goodness the sign insider
the sign outside our windows changed
what they've changed the sign outside
the window
is already today it's not a big deal
anymore good those jeepers I love her
predicament guys I want to wear my
shorts but it's kind of cold outside I
know my sake
orange who wants to go to Tesco sing it
after me
off the Tesco we go today we go off the
Tesco we go today after testing we go we
go to Tesco off the Tesco we go we are
going to Tesco off the test though we go
today oh the Tesco we go to Tesco we go
today we go oh that's the extended
version that's on the album the single
one the single one is just the normal of
Tesco we go but the extended version and
the album it covers a bit more of the
debt of the song just trying to
understand what the posh you see I
haven't had a cup of coffee and work
because they don't like the word coffee
anymore so I buy teas every day it's my
junk in my trunk
not my trunk my junk in my front watch
Tesco my hand won't fall to Tesco open
three
if you guys think kinda keeps on asking
me should I get one of these trees to go
where the Christmas tree was
I kinda like the idea of a fake one
though Mullins and a fake stuff now fake
Christmas trees make everything what
about one of these
cuz I want to go back to my laptop
what's that doctor ya mean is that
doctor
I hate what like you know what that's
the same film that was on yesterday all
right come to testicle I want to see a
different film every day that's why I
come to Tesco get the machination man a
man point shows all the healthy diet
food pancake castle ever talks about
castle Sunday what do I get I got
pancakes for the waffles wasn't it
waffles pancakes chocolate sauce ice
cream some sort of a toffee all sorts of
things and I made like a castle out of
all that stuff and I brought it into
mena house by cos he knows in second
year when I was in university we're
living in this really crap place in
Wilton but yeah we made them the waffle
Tower waffle pancake castle tower do you
ever have a waffle pancake castle tower
pop quiz mother-effer
what is that from name the filum baa Ram
ewe
Lina you're a runner you're an actual
lunar thank you very much something
where the human touch touch everything
in the aisle go you have to touch every
cereal go go go you have someone who
individually individually individually
so like your staff people came out one
side was like loads of staff people came
out and the other side loves the
customers camera in the corner and then
all the cereal down because you have to
try that you have to try that it's
exhilarating don't complete complete
complete it faster-faster-faster
all the oils congratulations my little
friend you have won a crate of mrs.
Nana's you guys want a knitted Nana
I think I'm get some ice cream yeah I
think just to get some ice cream oh oh
oh oh oh right well guess there's no ice
cream oh my goodness this is it it's all
the fat from the jelly babies there's no
jelly babies left
there's no jelly babies laughs I'm in
love with the jelly babies and I was no
jelly babies left we got jelly babies go
check your supermarket leave me comment
let me know if you guys jelly babies I
tend to drink way too much of something
and then get like really bored of it so
I was in club horn for a while but now
I'm like I'm ready to go back to the
water base stuff kind of bored of the
fizz fizzle fun I'm done with the fizz
this is over oh my goodness Nina's
taking so long in here okay this is my
trick you've got five seconds five
seconds and we're walking out the door
you're gonna have to pick yeah we'll get
something you don't want okay five four
three two one could mean a Ciccone
please leave Pascal's madam point that's
you Nina
you have time is up time is of the
essence there is no more time
oh we have to get treats Robbie Nina's
found a perfect treat for Cena you think
she loved it yeah you think it's for her
yeah yeah I definitely think you should
get that for her
yeah okay let's go where's my little
friends where's my girlfriend's in
baggies about oh yeah
we hanging about IVs running downstairs
have you done ancestor mommy
Oh kisses Jesus were daddy kisses for
daddy go boy good girl get your mind in
the house yeah I'll be he's a good boy
oh-ho I love you too I love you too
oh are you good when I was gone I heard
your little bark go where's your little
bark for it we should go to a black boy
huh yeah yeah guys we're getting you a
new bed tomorrow
we're gonna go to get the puppy pads and
the new beds and everything sorted out
tomorrow
plus I'm gonna get the PlayStation fix
we're going through the Popo box oh my
goodness
tomorrow it's all going on it's probably
gonna be the best day of my life
