oh she fell off no there's been some
craziness going on guys today is one of
those days where an Indian blog and I
didn't prog and the blogging was minimal
minimal vlog oh my goodness oh my
goodness I'm paying for it now I'm
paying for it now I'm paying for it now
okay guys now okay guys crazies okay so
we're gonna do one of those things
Oh Tina fights back Tina fights back
Xena Xena fights back geez you're
opening cheese these are opening okay
get in there
Oh nuts come on guys they're like best
friends forever they were having so much
fun today Siena is crazy
she is like crazy like she like jumps at
Albie and like pulls half meat out and
she's like dancing on top of them is the
one you are you see her is she crazy one
but I'm so happy cuz they're holding
hands
don't super cute I'm so happy for them
they're like total best friends now I
told you Albie Albie didn't I tell you
it might tell you would be good to have
a sister that's not a crazy sister let's
go
so guys let me just move out of the
darkness here and into the light
SuperDuper bulbs today I'm the stolid I
Channel we haven't waited because Erica
gave me the charger we're gonna actually
be able to video a video that we've
wanted to do for quite a while on the
Starlight but we never actually got
around to doing it okay thank you second
newspaper Effect 3 are you comfortable
thank you so you're actually like to do
it because we're waiting for the camera
to start working in stuff and now the
camera is working we're actually gonna
film that tonight what the super duper
fun video is you're probably already
seen it because we're probably good we
probably gonna upload it tonight we're
gonna try and do it upload it tonight
are you gonna try yeah science you
probably already seen it if you haven't
seen it go over to the Starlight because
I'm giving a makeover
manly makeover am i motorized muscular
montage of makeup that's what I'm gonna
do but I got some of these things here
some of this rules no one here the
lights yourself oh goodness oh my
goodness it's an actual eyelashes you
let your eyelashes in here it would seem
my artist Bernardo
now these brushes is all these
brushes every single one of them will
absolutely use against this mirror it's
one of those ooh meemers I know she's
got new pilots you got a big part it's
very funny how I know all the names of
these things palace
oh there it is Sidora sadena well this
is gonna be fun times what scar should I
use guys I'm thinking like all these
ones these ones so are you good no
neutrons and I know there's something
about the blending blending creases
don't crease your blend cheese own your
blended crease that's what you have to
do folks just have one of these
what's a golf face okay it's for your
face it's like that's a face brush sort
of like dip it in you said most of them
all together
hey do i mix loads loads of colours
together and make like some super mushy
mushy Moo shoo
funny but the the one-take locks or it's
almost like like TV cuz you kind of like
there's no if I have to actually edit
something that I've kind of failed a
one-take blog if any editing so let's
see now you guys got any questions you
can ask me how are you doing about has
any questions of late that you guys have
been proposing to me that I could answer
henceforth let me just take a random
video here Maltese puppy kisses let's
open it up and it's we or every guy
that's coming you should put the camera
home and see what scene and now he does
you know what we actually did that we're
in London when we first got out we put
the camera and we went to Sainsbury's we
came back and it was probably the most
traumatic ordeal I've ever had in my
life and I was crying and I was all
emotionally Harvard cuz I fell happy
just like cried the whole time we were
watching videos like 40 minutes I'll be
just like crying at the door and he
never quit never gave up oh goodness no
Jose and it's a cute other bunching up
and relaxing scene it's really nice I
feel like you and I one thing the puppy
kisses I'm 70 kilograms I don't know
what that is in pounds 65 just realized
she look pretty exactly got our leash
trees that I look like her science
teacher from eighth grade I know a
little bit about science and a Bunsen
burner burner Bunsen Bunsen burner you
guys CDM the little special video thing
that I put up yesterday that I don't
know if you guys know it's on alby's
channel I'll be in the channel it's
Alvida Maltese there's a links below or
just write a link below if you subscribe
it says subscribe or just go to the main
channel you'll see the thing I put up a
video of Cena barking after she parked
there I'll be and it was like just like
a tournament so I took it on a daily
vlog and I just took it up on their
channel themselves I also spoke up a Joe
first one a joke this video and Safari
where choppers Joe this what was it bad
oh yeah I was about the PlayStation my
playstation broke so I've got a broken
PlayStation which is not
it's not a fun thing to have a Roku
PlayStation what in the name of Jiminy
Cricket is going on here
dr. T steel needs to take out these
obvious hobbies went in here one of the
girls come back seen if I take a good
job now or she looks like she's going
for it looks like you might take it out
oh he's got it
Oh blog like that Hey
welcome to my bathroom alright so the
saying about using the tripod thing you
know cuz I was like yeah we actually
we're able to actually use the tripod
thing or don't Beto be cool if we could
actually like hire somebody to walk
around with us all day long with a video
camera don't save my arm so much I
wouldn't have to hold it and I look like
Colleen see this arm is probably like
more worked out than desire because it
constantly has to hold the camera all
the time would it be cool though I can't
have a camera guy would you guys be the
camera guy would you be the camera guy
I'll be would you be my cameraman would
you be my cameraman you guys are having
the time of your life
I'm so happy though I'm so happy that
bonded oh because I was really worried
you know I don't what if they don't then
you just get it yeah oh we need to get
started guys
all right so tomorrow probably all back
to normal loads of stuff going on but
you know these things happen
these things happen so video the
starlight video which overs so I know I
said that it was going to be a one-take
bug but guys check this beauty out use
the new fancy camera which is way better
quality in this camera so you can move
on a friendship a friendship camera
you look so super cool oh my goodness a
little guys love when I come at her hair
a quart of just I put this whole thing
together using a combination of all this
sort of stuff here which I haven't know
what happens then I used a multi earring
okay tried TM TM trademarked trademark
multi earrings what you do is you get
one earring oh oh oh he uses multiple
earrings that's how I roll guys
is that how you roll your hair back in
foot
