hello there honest ones little ones we
see how they kind of knows what's
happened in here
she doesn't only understand what's going
on oh yeah
also my hair is acting a little bit
strange today having a strange hair day
but you know I'm gonna have to wait for
Thursday now come on the stodie I want
that is that when I to get my haircut
haircut and my cheaters matched so you
guys gonna have to put up with the do
until then
although like you probably if I squished
that on the sides I can sort of make it
back a little fluffy again but you know
I just don't see it happening I just
don't see it happening it's hard to
leave these little fellas don't really
want to because I love them so much I'm
gonna have to get her a romance on so
you don't think that everyone steal
another stuff never one stealing on your
stuff hundy she does play with your toys
last night huh your toys the subscribers
and you didn't stand in for her she sold
me
oh my little boy my good little boy yeah
I have to go alright I'll be late I love
you scrappy puh monster that's her
nickname sloppy blue monster because she
is a sloppy pooh monster okay
studying out of control oh my goodness
this is crazy guys the money I like the
roaches that exit
I don't know what's gonna stop what's
gonna happen but this is crazy Oh
oh my goodness oh my goodness I've never
been this far away from home or in this
much traffic alone all right I need to
sneakily get into the other end we need
to find a gap let's get there pppp pppp
fire Oh Phooey
snap foolery guys and that's how you
beat the traffic system we have found
the culprit we have found the culprit
the troublemaking culprit who's causing
all this trouble oh no no it wasn't a
crash though is it
no I don't think it was a crash I was
that's not bad
it's not bad that's the worst thing you
want I don't want anyone to actually be
hurt because then I feel kind of guilty
from owning owning and holding but now
we're free freedom
to get to work much quicker
if you want to going so well it's still
the morning time and first of all I woke
up this morning and Jonathan was in a
real bad mood because he had well he had
to get up for work and apparently during
the night or early in the morning scene
I was crying which I didn't hear coz I I
don't know I was out like a light I just
slept like the whole night through and
didn't wake up but apparently she was
crying so he let her down
mistake number one he did a bloater down
outside like you know on our balcony
thingy
right there which isn't really ideal for
like pooping and peeing but it's better
than inside on the carpet so see you
know went to the toilet on the carpet in
the hall we don't have a lot of carpet
in our house I'll show you guys what
they're playing right now this is our
target in the you can see all the little
stains in the hallway this is a lot
better than it was guys believe it or
not those stains are actually not dirt
or like poop anymore and they're the
stain removing stuff which I have to use
which by the way it's actually really
good so yeah this is our hallway and
those spots are all the places that she
pooped and it was runny poop and it was
disgusting and gross so I'm using this
stain removing stuff that we got in
Tesco Bob Martin stain and odor remover
at first I thought this didn't work but
it actually does because
I hadn't been rubbing it in which I just
basically hadn't read the instructions
stupid so I kind of feel like I just
want to screw up the house clean because
so disgust will kind of disgusting like
this assaults me now I just spent like
half an hour just scrubbing everything I
had to scrub the stairs as well because
there were stuff down there too and look
at them so cute except she's gotten to
be a bully like she earlier today she
was bullying him be careful and she let
out in her first Bart today which was
kind of interesting but yeah looky there
I need to clean that um also we don't
fight the newspaper so Jonathan thought
it'd be a good idea to put down well it
is a good idea to put down something for
it to be on like cardboard or you know
newspaper or like something like that
but um what I want to do is buy those
peepee pots cuz we got them for Alvey we
got them for Albie when we first got him
and they worked pretty well we actually
crate-trained him though so he and their
the crates full of toys so we can't
really do that anymore
but um so Jonathan came up the bright
idea of getting old pizza boxes I think
using them as the PP points so there's
one very only thing is she doesn't
really use them she uses the one
downstairs but not the ones upstairs so
a my socks are all wet because I've just
been walking in and out of the spray
that I thought I'd put down and the
bedroom is smashed I need to like clean
up in here yeah it's not that bad
you always think your own house is like
a lot worse than it actually is
cuz I always think this place is a dump
I'll show you downstairs as well though
because it would
this is a situation it's actually
lashing rain there's no food left in the
entire canteen but here guys
is a pot noodle pot noodle that's it the
canteen place isn't open for another
three weeks what am I gonna do
my other problem is that our Christmas
tree we got a real Christmas tree as
most of you know and I know I'm not
wearing my engagement ring at the moment
by the way Jonathan they are breaking up
actually it's a long story
no I'm just kidding Oh actually it's
just because I I washed I was cleaning
and I was like washing right now but
everything's fine
don't worry um so this is what the
downstairs looks like we have a lot of
real Christmas tree and she can't get
down so like I said we got a real
Christmas tree and now we have the
problem of how to get rid of it
so what it looks like right now you cut
off a few branches because we thought
that would make it easier but then
nothing else so it's just standing there
and that's really annoying me because I
just feel like I want to vacuum because
if it's the floor this is another tepee
area that's just a cardboard box which I
obviously need to clean up basically ah
if any of you guys like or anything like
me you'll just know that you don't I
don't know I just don't like having like
a dirty or like messy house and I'm
trying not to freak out better because I
one of my nearest resolutions was to
like relax more and not to stress that
as much but it's really hard because I'm
like my house is such a mess I need to
clean up you guys eat pot noodles and
you guys like pot noodles I have another
pot noodle on about 10 years
are they nutritious and delicious or are
they kind of rubbery and tasteless and
soulless and everything less oh yeah
then we have this other problem with our
stinks it's all blocks
I mean I just feel like my whole world
is just crashing down but I need to call
the agency for letting anything and let
them know I know if you weren't so cute
I would be so angry with you but right
now we're making such as well it's more
so you're gonna play games you're gonna
come down gonna go down go down it's
mommy
okay come on good boy I'll be you sure
what's the way you show us the way come
on now you play with your sister
you play you play I like when they play
together because that means that there's
less work for me if they can strike to
each other but um yeah so things aren't
already great at the moment but I'm
trying to put on a brave face I'm not
stressed about it
and yeah I think afterwards when
Jonathan comes back we're gonna take the
tree and there's like this kind of area
behind my mom's house defense really bad
but it's really like legit and
everything there's this area I'll have
my mom says that we're gonna dump it cuz
that's where she always we always domed
our Christmas trees there it's like it
doesn't really belong what probably does
belong somebody put you know one of
those like areas that is just wilderness
like it's not you know what I mean but
we don't obviously have any place like
this I'll bet your to go peepees no go
peepees okay I'm gonna let Albie HPP and
I'm gonna try and get things cleaned and
then hopefully Jonathan isn't John I'm
so jealous Jonathan right now see that
word but he's jealous of me because I'm
here but to me he has the better deal
because no don't go there because he
doesn't have to
not disgusting stuff so guys I've left
the studio right and it's still almost
bright I know it's like pretty dark but
I hate going home in the darkness it
feels all like my soul has been ripped
out of my body all day but now I feel
like there's a little bit of soap
sunlight is like hope there is hope we
keep it not what I was trying to do
about the right Clippers thing was
because I have to bring this bike in the
car
have a super plan I mean it's gonna go
around because I just had to look at
right and underneath our balcony there's
nothing there it is a little grass
usually there's a car ever the car's
gone so and it's gonna go down and
around but underneath the balcony and
I'm just gonna throw the Christmas tree
off the balcony
is gonna fall on top we've got our being
seen upstairs minded ass but whenever
they hear that we're still here they get
really upset but so far so good no
problem of course I'm dragging a
Christmas tree for your hat
is this debris tree place looks empty
without it now back in a mean we should
walk by I'm gonna throw it down here
hopefully avoid that house what was it a
car okay wait here for Nina okay now
don't stand there just like Stan no oh
you guys it hits you or something okay
okay let's try and see if we can do this
Oh clear how do I get back the business
we have the balcony are you sure you far
enough away ya little look like this
I'll be down in a second he's in hiding
you can't you can't leave your Christmas
tree here
step two that's where it came from that
was my view yeah
okay consider rescue Erika has a
converter charger thing well why is your
light so dull there's a right time oh it
was that easy trying preyas and it
couldn't come out oh wait a minute
that's too general chuni puny thing now
on the style lights are going to be
super cool high-definition videos how
because little Erica saved today shut up
there is no talking fish hey just head
on fastball that you hate his life
you're hated school if you have to
choose between life in school which
would you choose
what's your worst subject which you said
you hate the most
geography what's your favor one art
Irish can you come to and why'd you
why'd you pay already here geography
teacher
what's my slot Oh snapples let's take a
plug in it what's your second favorite
well first Irish then Irish and then
music piano but if that was a subject if
your piano is the subject basketball
well it's kinda like a subject it's like
a fun subject jack a fun inject
nope nope it's an app you heard it here
first guys to after-school activity not
to be confused with an activity in
school all right since there as we
established earlier on when I have a pot
noodle that the canteen place is not
opening for like two or three weeks so
we need to go and get some lunches for
Joe possessing history seeds from Sesame
Street that's what I would like to know
no no someone leave me a comment let me
know the Sesame Street sesame seeds I
haven't got to bility to Sesame Street
cause and
the muscles you know I don't I don't
even want sardines I mean I kind of
stuff sort of oh my god
that's naked
you ever been on a raw food diet is it
tasty alright could you buy like frozen
food and then just like not cook it is
that the same as being like in the raw
food diet let me know taras and cinnamon
in them you never told me guys what do
you think leave me a comment those even
though it won't be a back than it now
cinnamon bagels are snoring steeneveld
goals mm-hmm I don't like butter but I'd
like this with just
yeah okay everyone so you win she wins
but leave me a comment those and let me
know guys should we go with the cinnamon
bagels where should we go with the other
bagels keep in mind I have 60 pounds to
lose 40 pounds
what about I just have a wonderful idea
in my brain
what puppy pads they may have puppy pads
in Tesco because we badly need puppy
pads or maybe some sort of I don't know
drug for Nina to counter dance go for
guys what are you going I think I'll go
with the Lynx effect because that makes
the ladies go wow but which flavor which
Stanley look this one's got VIP access
so that's spray one I think I'll just go
to Africa except that he's just my like
Africa let's say it's Malik Africa I
have the perfect plan look lucky
I saw it did you guys ever watch quite a
book I saw him put pampers on his little
dog once can you buy pampers for a job
I'm pretty sure if you can buy pampers
for a dog there's no way you can buy him
in Ireland
I'm sure you're probably available
somewhere else guys you know it'll be
like you know be really cool we'll make
this to Tom now never like you guys can
be in on a joke cuz he's the educator
you see in here you've seen it now do
you want to look at baby food and think
yourself
I love nigga when I was a kid follow me
snacks baby food is awesome Susie oh
goodness me guys okay baby
zena's got a body bumpers on guys can
you buy like proper dog ones maybe have
to yeah
what do you think of that maybe we're
gonna cover the house in newspaper I
think that's probably a better option
it's almost all her life she doesn't
care she doesn't care
just look at some micro new babies so
amazing that like a baby could be that
small
