here's a quick question guys I just put
it out on Twitter and Facebook about
wanting a longer vlog today yesterday's
almost 30 minutes because to 30 minutes
totally one who is like do you want to
turn him in a blog yes yes so we made a
long one but that is questioned he may
comment you guys wanna like would you
prefer a longer vlog with like less
editing or a shorter vlog with more
editing not I wouldn't leave like long
subpoenas kind of boring because I
always what I'm doing and I always try
and making out of boring anything that I
feels like an in joke or something that
I don't know that I if I was watching
and I wouldn't really like it you know
so I was trying to like chop and stuff
that I think it's like a relevant you
know but sometimes there is stuff that I
think like chai what I can what would
you all want to subscribe so leave me a
comment those because it appears that
everyone had like I didn't think you
guys are all that I'm we like also on
another note I have a thousand friends
oh goodness I am so p okay you know we
should meet up a thousand people on
Facebook strong meet up what could we do
what can a thousand people do they look
crazy what what what is the capacity of
a thousand people like an airplane and
airplane I don't need was like 300
people on an airplane like restaurants
get past I don't even get it has a
people in a restaurant imagine going to
like somewhere where like my thousand
and for facebook friends all war in the
same room you'd be like okay go right
like liking each other like Tommy each
other up and poking each other not be
kind of cool like a gruesome world room
or something where all your facebook
friends warn you enter and you actually
and everyone just like wrote their
common status under t-shirt or something
and you walked up and you kind of like
liked damage like hey I like you my
status and then other people can like
hold up pictures of themselves like oh
yeah I just I just got this new picture
oh but nothing really cool like I don't
it's all happening now it's all happen
to know I want to go get my haircut you
know
but the laziness is telling me no but I
really wanted to over them like I have
to get dressed I have to shul stop ass
toxin ish I kind of walk all the way
over there I'm like I don't want to do
that hello mmm no I should go I should
go but I heard once to go but it's
getting out of control get out of
control I like all the top lane too i
think i might just higher up the sides
tidy up besides tidy up time i've
decided to drive her someplace because
that way i can slightly get away with
looking a little bit homeless because i
don't really feel like getting dressed
because you ever notice when you go to
hairdressers first thing you do when you
get home she gotta have a shower I don't
know what's the same for girls but
definitely for guys cuz you get all the
little bits of hair go down your back
and your mouths and up your ears they
get all itchy anyway so I was like oh
why would you bother getting all dressed
up to come home and get undressed and
into the shower it's why I just go ahead
and knock that my run the subject oh hey
guys did you ever notice hey guys do you
ever notice that when you get a puppy
right he comes up to you now let me just
stick a little disclaimer here if you
don't make out with your dog let me
bother leave me hater comments because
this is for dougie people but you know
when your dog comes up and he looked you
right and it's kind of like Albie has
yeah I deserve a kiss right I'll be has
like a taste to him or a smile or I
don't know whatever the flavor or is
sent to him you know but he always
kisses you and it's like its breath or
whatever it is you know and we come to
know and love and that's like I'll be
zealous smell you know and now when Cena
comes along and she licks you know you
feel kind of like you know when your kid
in your aunt disco or you're going out
with a guy or a girl for ages you know
and then you break up with them but
you've kind of you you've come
accustomed to their outer taste and
flavor whatever you want to call it and
then you meet someone new and it's
different it's not bad or anything it's
just it's different and it's like whoa
you just give you
you realize that they k stiffener the
center the flavor to smell or whatever
we're calling it is different and that's
what's good i could see they came along
it's like whoa I'm cheating on a
yourself right a lot you know but you
know it just feels like it's different
now now like a couple of days and we're
kind of now amused it so she comes up
and starts licking me it's like honest L
seeing the smile you know but there's
always one it's like you know I just
made that comparison to my head i
thought i'd share with you you guys
fighting i'm crazy who look like mix-up
with his dog that's bestiality i tell
you anyway that's enough of that off to
get the hair cut off to get the haircut
we go of the gets me here we go go get a
haircut what do you guys think huh
moroccan it moroccan it i only got like
a little tiny tiny bit taking off
because i was like I didn't want to take
off too much so I just gotta like i
think i got like that hair removed there
was an extra hand I got a removed Oh
jofa's your Kinner that it was like a
queue of about seven trillion billion
people seriously the entire world
population ten times over for some weird
reason or queued up to get their hair
cut today and you know what I'm like you
know what forget easy it's a fork AZ so
I did not do that but I do got a tesco i
went to tesco today and i forgot to
bring in my way but I got loads and
loads of munchies for later on i also
bought a brand new hair clipper thing
with the proper measure e capri thingies
so i might redo i'll be tonight and just
to kind of even off all the hairs that
may be uneven or something that not that
any would be uneven goodness no see what
you are having she's checking to see
whether you are how is your second to
see where you are
yeah he's gonna get a green eyes yeah
thinking you're gonna take me a little
clean up your pile of hair pick up your
pile of hair hey back have I join one
okay you've got it you think you got
into something here come early hair
today okay give it up yeah yeah gab gab
come on Selah come on Oh No Chuck's your
time lism Oh see you go oh well girl it
away oh no now watching the camera oh we
got your number we got your numbered we
got charged numbered what Cena aa I know
sittin got me give give give give let's
get him back here bascom ave he's good
he's got it oh he's in the same place
they made it the Homer safe are you
using any idea that's your plan what's
your plan of attack look fella protect
little man man little girl should I say
little girl is Oh
Oh
oh okay he fell over oh oh my god I told
you awesome jinkies oh you're the cutest
point oh he's the best boy he's the best
boy in a hole Tina's the best girl in
the whole world Cena who are we got a
very for you you know attacking the
camera why do you take the camera so
much o Christmas tree o Christmas tree
for we have fun lead enjoy d but a last
spring is a comet and you my friend must
I go it let's enjoy it one last time
guys let's enjoy the splendor of crisil
Masto you ready guys ready we gonna
enjoy christmas time is over time to
take this away because it's my birthday
in two months oh that's what we need to
put up all right now i think we just
like rapidly just wrote a tree out the
window or something or maybe anna wants
to save the decoration for next year oh
it's a sad time when you're taking the
tree down there's gonna be a hole in my
heart the tree once was is the bare
necessity they're nuts us to do you know
simple things in life for free
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba goodness it's like
christmas backwards isn't it look at our
box of goodies oh look I forgot all
about this oh it's going to subscriber
wall which actually this is
object number 52 dare for we must have a
new winner now a kid because it was at
the time I play the exact moment in time
this is more stuff that we got from the
other day so Nina's gonna take a lights
off you can leave your lights on whoo
maybe I should turn off lights yeah I'm
sure there's probably better reason to
turn off the light that but oh my god so
kudos it's like the floors all sparkly
uh-huh next year we're getting fake tree
yeah and fake like huh when it comes
with lights and decorations whoa look at
that new floor Oh sparkly sparkly
sparkles now it doesn't even have lights
anymore look what I've done look at my
neat work look what I did I wrapped it
up nice and neatly so next year we won't
have a massive big ball of lights to
untangle that's nice and neat guys he is
the dad is always annoyed he's not like
a huge mountain of lights and here's to
try in life but normally he hands them
to his son how big Nina seen it you
don't have to Albie this is for you this
is what I give to you we are bringing
out the recycling which is only gonna be
like about two minutes something but for
two minutes I'll be and xena are alone
in the house well minding the house
together for a few minutes this is
get Tesla a dry run you see what's gonna
happen matter what I didn't hear
anything is be left so they're right
above his counsel girl I gotta go silent
boat okay so far so good okay so here we
are back at the house now so I it so bad
let's hope this work that well it's pop
a little heads in and see how we did
hello hello everyone you secret doggies
boy good boy Wow anything no nothing
happened pretty quiet too little beds
alrighty we're free local keeps
following me everywhere I can't go
anywhere without you following me hi all
right come on we're going back down I'm
gonna chop up the christmas tree and all
of our lights blue well not all of them
but most of them know right this hall
light is gone so now we have I feel like
it's living in a dark cave so going on
in here
John I'm just gonna start eating them
okay we need to get a bag or something I
get a bin bag yeah yeah yeah oh fun
silly tripod mm-hmm ite think that I
could have the terracing you don't give
you just a little quick Oh snip at the
top there okay you see that thing that's
popping on top of your head I can just
give that a quick snip off hey pony yeah
yeah whoo fabric scissors oh yeah looks
like a darnoc how's the kitties and love
playing with him using a new tripod hey
I just drank coke well there's me mm-hmm
okay okay give you the fabric scissors
because we don't have any of those
clipper things Jonathan yeah um don't
leave this really works righton I wanted
to fit it works which this once what you
call the Christmas binge I think it's
here on oh yeah maybe I was upstairs I
don't know anything about it it's just I
didn't give up hopefully came home oh I
do mm-hmm see it hurts me when I touch
it so we go
you don't know why you're doing your boy
fuzzies oh you don't know what she think
channels what she's doing like why are
you putting off the middle of a branch
what is the point of that look yeah give
me down okay we see what you've managed
to do in the time frame that you happy
all right let's have a look for jobs can
do the Time Bandit yeah all right let's
find a nice little bit of tree hi guys i
am hello but 300 owner in the whole
world he's just an amateur look at him
he that's what i was doing Oh
smells so good why is my hair all stick
up look at that we need like more lights
is at the highest yeah what a nice guy
guys what is it Margaret I can I keep
that light on studio lighting the virus
came on you p yeah like you do me please
my god is crazy and he's trying to cut
down a tree with the knife sign in
Dimitri's don't actually send him trees
hmm send me treats 501 up today I was
saying the film's high five or I met her
not him I keep seeing him giving him a
get gender comm her Oh No okay good good
good again what's not yes apparently
fine one two branches and you think it's
fine I like it there I think we might
make it go down
daddy
