it's coffee
I am so tired my sister my older sister
is coming up to Cork or down the court
is supposed today
like when I'm at a studio
I do not like to get out of the bed okay
also these two little alright so
funny you guys remember if you look back
in the blog of about I don't know
wearing a dog you know and now he
finally got up the stairs we're like oh
my god I'll do an open and the stairs
all by himself like it was like oh it's
so good it took that like I don't know
like a year or something to animate the
stairs cuz it's just until a fraidy-cat
Cena after like two days of being here
is like running over there the stairs
like the - to the side by side just like
run along together don't you don't you
where's your brother Albie it's heavy
I get first like they probably don't
want BFF forever you know how he was
like whenever a minor he's just kind of
ignored her little bit and then he got a
little bit more involved and then but
all right they're like she's not barking
as much anymore like he's distracted by
her he's like I don't know he's like you
know what her bark is just wanna like
look like an ID in her so I don't know
what it is but he's never but yesterday
they were this seems to be a lot better
together you know yesterday morning
Friday I was watching her when they were
like playing a little bit more but today
like they're like two bites you running
up the stairs together
they're like drinking they're the same
Bowl together like I saw him this
morning they kind of shared a little
trees and all like and I was like all
goodness this is fantastic this is
really like and then a few minutes ago
you guys started a tutor on the bad leg
that was so funny and the funny thing is
like I don't know if it's a girl boy
when you guys he's got like girl
children a boy job right is there a big
difference because how he is like afraid
of her you know she is like completely
dominant in this situation like and she
was like it was gonna be such a little
handful because she like jumps at you
but she comes to you and I marry Oh
would you like like no fear I don't know
it's so much fun I mean two little
buggies and the best one in the world
ever I gotta go edit and do the vlog
first oh it's this why don't you come in
here what have you been here oh my god
Bobby
Oh again right clean your eyes clean
Xena Xena like a fast you and your name
is well like you're so smart having a
little bit it was right difficult to
hear that's not supposed to be like that
I think it's because this is on
you guys wanted to fix that what does
that mean does that mean in the grand
scheme of life mm-hmm guys I had a
little snooze since I've seen you last
and just Pleasant I had two puppies
lying in my face I had a good time you
know go peepees
Oh scene huh I'll tell you go peepees no
we got a newspaper today I'm gonna start
doing the training thing you trained
Alby
dr. Arnett will train Cece Xena oh yeah
guys just will say this because I've
seen a couple you guys saying like
Hasina suck it and I made this mistake
too I'll put my hand up I couldn't spell
good but I can't spell good Nina how do
you spell your daughter's name you heard
it here first folks
si si and a Cee Cee Cee Cena like see
Cena because I thought it was like you
guys sini that's what I would think is
well Cena but let's see Cena say Cena
no it's si si Anna
well I'm just putting your collar
come on Isabella you guys all right it's
as I Anna
wow what a tawny Natale I don't do good
at English look at this thing
drag and drop the video anywhere on the
page but something look what day is it
it is 208 so you just strike - all right
over here
Wow I have to help or assistance look at
my little sea of assistance here
thank eyes happy Dina Dina oh jesus
bleep I can't wait you have for us to
help us mm-hmm you can put one up did
you put a big one up in any other one
then she got Bobby's new little more are
you think I actually quite like it
that's actually growing on me oh hello
sleepyhead
are you gonna break community booty you
got a better way to potty taking all
here mommy getting ready in there all
right
maybe a sort of Candyland yeah go crazy
like that
Oprah class or something you know hello
my Rose voice of the Round House um well
chop chop wins by two more cheese
puppies
there's my turn Maltese puppy this one
appears to be an animated hey hey that's
Tina's puppy hmm oh you go my die wait
here I'll be okay you ready so I rang
them fast and had a move because su
manera telling you before they were
gonna move turns out they have not moved
but the guy was like there's a number of
packages for you sir
a number of packages for me same
situation people my sister was like I'm
down in Kara I'm about like 20 minutes
half an hour out of my queue no problem
no problem we're just sitting at home
right so I'm like in a PO Box
man he's all like we've got a multiple
packages for your chap so I'm like get
that everything out the window get in
the car let's go folks thinking like
this will be a smooth journey what a
turn fact this is not a smooth journey
at all but we got all the packages
package see don't mind my hair cuz John
someone let me straighten that up
you are beautiful check out her eyes
need me I like your eye is that good
he's just doing that they blend they
have blendings you wouldn't let me
straight my hair guys discuss one of
these days I'm doing a makeup tutorial
Tina just not sick all over me is
awesome but it was okay because we feed
them like a really high-quality food so
it was like dry sick if that we're
actually just driving along I was like
you smell more like dog food and then a
little part of me got a little bit warm
down here it's all gone now but yeah
it's like it was dry he sick
all right look at our packages I hope
you can see that keep talking about a
fat girl one fried chili must be Italian
chili I can smell but anyway so my
sister is Judy sack speech like that
water dress hill you're from court
documents and she's down water grass
Hill what Cooper traveling earring down
she's never been to her house a quartic
so I'm kind of open up where somehow
maybe I should give her like wrong
directions and have her like go around
around about her hope the Wilton and
like oh here I'm Wilton
oh you've gone too far is that not
Oh
hello yeah yeah I reckon you're in the
right spot all right yeah you're
probably right like we're only up the
road so just hang there for a few
minutes
Oh divine you're by the van
everyone knows the van all right with me
the Ford Focus by the van will be a few
minutes I know where she is she's in
between yeah right right
all right with the quickest way you meet
give me suggestions give me some
comments and I'll check them tomorrow
guys we made it we made it in time few
Z's kill me oh but look what my sister
has flip this is right be like goodbye
to flip like hey guys hey guys check out
my flips I've never actually had
actually hell the flip because they're
very hard to actually get in our and
plus you can't get the custom back on
them but who your friend got me where do
you ask was it oh it's not Jamie she's
not being washed Larkin did she buy it
in the US oh yeah oh yeah I'm the
website I've got the print eating on it
yeah Sookie which boy
Toronto another one you know to go
around look if you just tie that tighter
or is that the furthest oh there we go
quick glance they're cute my name is all
the county G he looks like a little
gentleman
gentleman with the paw
check this little cupcake kami I got
already look at this little thing isn't
that so super cute sister's gone we're
gonna head over to mama stylize because
Uncle style my uncle is over and I think
I talked to you before he's the poor and
he's uh I'm actually producing a little
sorry show wheel for him at the moment
and he's gonna just work on a video some
AM some like monologue stuff that he's
gonna just add it's like it's a scene in
German so I'm gonna bring over the big
camera now I'm gonna shoot it in my
style a test and then we're going to
come back y'all and then we're going to
have a time of our lives
tell me people are you having the time
of your life no never specific
businessman Sonic every a businessman on
the phone he's like business business
business shares grass stocks shares
business grass grass go up steps go down
share grafts business business graph me
share business sick today guys I don't
think she's a well she's quite young to
be going in the car you know but we did
the same with Albie
and it's really important especially for
our lifestyle that the dogs are capable
to go in the car wreck in sync so we're
gonna keep driving around in circles and
just keep getting her sick until all the
stickers out and she gets over it
because that's what parents do have a
storm so yeah I think she'd be okay I
think she just she got sick and ice
probably like one of the first time she
got sick and humouring when you were
like eight weeks old and you got sick
for the first time it's probably quite
traumatic
she started snaps at every now and again
but I think she's just a little sort of
she wants to stay in there snuffleupagus
land snuffleupagus leave in camera view
no it's enough a lover kisses or I just
um stuck in the bedroom because
Jonathan's filming my uncle for his what
is it his show real so us girls and one
boy I'll be my stop
so check out eric has outfit it's pretty
cute
I don't know today so where'd you get
your top new look look it's a varsity
what's this a varsity bears tigers yeah
and it's maybe blue and then just on
some jeans skinny jeans are they from
really okay and then shows on some flats
show your flap where are they from
so like pennies Primark and then she has
on a really cute hairband
hey from penny it's a really cute navy
blue polka dot oh cool I thought it was
like a hard one yep then she's got on
some pearl earrings from and then you've
got on a bow necklace from
that's really nice
and then she's wearing a bracelet set
from penny is it okay
I don't always shopping penny by the way
I I just know she well Penny's is cheap
so yeah I like face okay and then I'll
be is wearing a little ponytail from
Penny's and Cena is wearing some vomit
from her stomach well we got a tuxedo
today by the way from Jonathan's sister
Ruth for the wedding I'll show it to
later that's cute and then I am wearing
my some new Asus stuff that I got
yesterday but you guys probably don't
care at that she's so cute with her
little belt so yeah we're just kind of
vanished up here well we can show you
the necklace that my brother got me are
you wearing your bracelet I thought this
necklace but it's very pretty
it's silver I think yeah yeah it's by
Agatha in Paris if you live in Paris you
probably know what that is thanks just
the jewelers um yeah and then I'm just
showing Eric how my new palette cuz I
got a new palette from Sedona late this
is the very girly video Jim do swatches
we're gonna do swatches now and it's
seen as kind of sick because she got
sick in the car I'll be I'll he wants to
join the boys downstairs but he's
barking so he's not allowed so yeah
we're gonna do some swatches now oh yeah
no it's just the plastic to keep them
from like smearing and stuff yeah she's
kind of sick today cuz we we took her
for a ride and the a right no we just
took her in the car with us
and we were kind of going quite fast
because we were rushing to get back
Johnson's sister in time and she got
sick like multiple times on my coat
really yeah yeah I was dry sick the
first time then it was wet sick the next
time oh yeah anyway so that's what
happened with that and then we got home
and she got sick a few more times so I
think her she's just not used to Carter
and he's like we probably shouldn't have
taken her in the car we can't really
leave her on her own with Alby yet cuz
he might snap at her so real thing you
just gotta turn the lights off better
look really good
really good in my light you guys check
out my light I'm just I'm just hanging
him by the light oh yeah pretty with
your little hair fee yeah that's not ear
puppy you realize that's not your puppy
right you love her
come on come this way come this way
yeah no one hates our legs so I like to
like the worst thing ever
oMG sad empty legs kisses this is
Erica's wedding outfit and actually
because of the top you're wearing in the
darkness of this room it actually looks
like you're wearing a tux no masses a
good sleep you need a little top hat or
a bowler hat or something
good afternoon and welcome to security
Kelly's today clock love we'll put it
down a little bit lower there yeah and
use one of your hands - where did you
get that for Christmas
no I thought I'd say hi Marge hello
kitty impediment unstuck oh is it
squishy give me a kitty kiss oh oh
kitty kisses God here he comes God you
guys have said to us why don't you just
cut out be yourself instead of opening
hairdressers so we were lying there in
bed watching white panel Christmas
special we kind of talk to ourselves why
don't we cause he's so full of max right
isn't he so fun
we spent ages trying to pick all the
math there and cook the man's stuff and
that was I I have an old razor
now I know
Oh
gimme our special language mm-hmm
by the way that's not bold barking
that's like we're losing track of that
plan yeah can you go in your bag in your
bed in your bed oh yeah yeah sorry I'm
not too sure it not too far as well as
I'm feel no give it to you let's see
it's gonna be steak oh you're doing
quite a good job I'm impressed
you don't leave it yet no maybe you
don't use Ernie's but look just so you
know we can actually get back no I was
so good I was brushing him like every
day and then over Christmas when he
didn't get his appointment it just
became out of control and then we had to
bathe him a few times and that always
makes two moths more maybe five silver
locks it looks like my mom tried to get
me a new sister yeah but eventually you
know grows a little herb because you
know your mom and dad they see my house
she's in my bed right now
she thinks everything is hurt no you
used to be like that too
he's so good he's looking at me like hey
mom
here's the boy he's like what are these
things
Howie what do you things get over here
this looks like a barbershop I'll be is
that better
can you see out amount more what do you
think guys he doesn't seem happier Aldi
do you like it
is it a little bit might be a little bit
uneven but that'll grow right out you
look smaller now leave it as you want
right the ones doing this you can make
your own Albie so if you guys think we
make comment let me know what you think
of my my skills little hairdressing
skills he seems way happier Oh jealousy
is it jealousy so let me comment let me
know what you guys think of my
SuperDuper skills I could be a groomer
would you guys send me your pet
you cuz you like what did you say yeah I
got out of it so much smaller now are
you my job huh do you see how one side
of his face I wonder do you notice that
full beard on that side do it again okay
I'll meet a little more
