hey they're family mm-hmm neither family
can't get through that way oh they're a
lot better today guys than they were
yesterday I'll be starting to see that
maybe this could have been official
which is just so small and I gots the
goal you gotta go he's gotta go but I'll
be back soon
well not really what she got here soon
enough all right family making this
harder on me what happened too much fun
you owe me keys in here all right guys
off we go
kipper do that where you keep putting
off getting petrol for your car until
it's like you're late always happens
like I kept putting it off and even yes
Sarah it's coming almost like ah she
probably get some patching for the car
and I was like I just want to go home to
my new puppies I don't want to stop a
petrol car this morning and the lights
like let's you know for two days now and
things like rest you gonna watch someone
just like oh no no I have to and now I'm
late or because I have to get petrol in
the car
Oh snarf snarf snarf hey guys its
morning time so excuse the no makeup
face that's really everybody really died
for some reason I don't know why
anyways we go to bed too late every
night
look at this cuteness overload here so
cute there's Cena and there's out we had
to put a little plastic nut in Albie's
hair because his hair has gotten so long
this mommy missed his groomers
appointment hello stretches for mommy
Gigi's room would you cootchie
cootchie-coo and they are getting along
a lot better today than they were
yesterday
alby's being such a good boy he's such a
good big brother
his aney do you love him watch what she
does this is so cute watch this
he does that too though and look she's
trying to be like him she just can't get
over the fact that she can't get up
there so what are we doing
I'm hoping they keep each other
entertained while I'm making my video
because otherwise it can get a bit kind
of crazy because I'm trying to look
after both of them and film the video at
the same time so I wanted to use my new
camera but I can't because I need
because it was a gift from because it
was a gift from YouTube and it was from
B&H which is based obviously in the
States
everything is American so the plug for
the charger but I love Alvie do I love
Albee do I love LD r is lv that wears a
b c now where's Abby where's Ally so
this is what happens I started to tell
you guys something and then I get all
distracted anyway what I'm basically
trying to say is that the the charger or
yeah the charger plug is American so I
can't use it yet until I get an adapter
which I don't have but he is gonna use
haircut that's another thing don't
forget to leave me comments to remind me
to call his groomer which I should do
today so if by the time I read all your
comments I haven't done
I will be someone write up myself but
anyways look a little whiter so yeah so
I'm gonna have to film my video with
this camera which sucks because just cuz
the new one is a camcorder and it's way
super good quality than this one super
good way better quality than this one
hurts puppies when they have their baby
teeth they're actually a lot sharper
their baby teeth are cuz they're like
little razor blades then their adult
teeth I know that doesn't make sense but
the adults like canine teeth are just
more rounded but the tips whereas the
baby ones are like razor blades
literally like that is so sword so I'm
trying not to I'm trying to let her bite
me Oh No see ya know that's bold Weezy
she's so small and I don't want to give
it to her because anyways um see ya so
the camera it's a really good camera
like it focuses automatically and
everything yeah and it's just you'll see
like you'll probably see unless I
completely mess it up but you should see
in like my my videos on my channel how
good it is um so I'm gonna use this one
so I hope you guys don't mind those of
you that are so scribe to my channel um
I probably shouldn't even be talking
about that channel I'm sure cuz I'm
gonna be jacking it but are you doing
wasn't my yoga pants she's so cute yes
you're so cute too come here come here
come here come here
loudly some people are like oh it's I'll
be jealous and oh yeah alby's a little
bit he was worse yesterday he was
jealous yesterday and sometimes he snaps
at her but she snaps back so they're
kind of funny like that and Maltese kind
of have a specific way of playing with
each other he can't really he's not
there with her yet because she is too
small and she really is like puppy like
baby baby baby puppy so I'm sure they
will get to that stage but they're
they're getting there you know they try
and play with each other and which
involves kind of like you know like a
lot of that and a lot of scratching each
other which the whole to them it's fun
but yeah they they've been chasing each
other around and stuff like that worries
yesterday he was a little bit jealous
like he wouldn't really play with her as
much so but this has been it's only day
two like a full day so of her being here
so um did you to get down to to get down
you can get down don't be silly
you can get down by yourself come on
down good good good down he pretending
to be a baby you pretending to be baby
help me comes oh yes oh yes oh yes let
me kiss it you kisses give me kisses
whoops whoops whoops whoops whoops now
play together nicely
no Xena uh-uh no no no biting mommy and
no peopie's either she's even hello she
seems to think Lexi no snap peas oh no
play with your brother there with your
brother play with ala be oh good boy
I'll be good boy yes play with no he'll
be pleased today with I'll be I'll be
you play with her okay this Mommy has to
go do throw-ups things like make a
youtube video okay so stop following me
around and look I had to tuck my pants
into my socks because she kept biting at
my at my pant ends legs and whatever you
know what I mean um Albie
what are you doing I'm scared cuz he
started marking places since she's been
here he started marking like that the
sides of tables and stuff I've just been
wearin living me with the spray and
toilet paper like everywhere insane and
I tried to put her bowl she gets a
little tin cessful over here and then
I'll be was there because they do get he
does get territorial with his food so
that's how we've worked it out but of
course both of them eat in the wrong
place so I don't want you to care so
long as he doesn't snap at her I know so
yeah I'm going to go ahead and actually
get dressed and do something productive
she's probably gonna go pee now
oh snap see now don't go peepees on the
mat don't go peepees on the mat okay
guys I have to go
where's my little boy where's my little
boy
hmm where's my little what if I do if I
do babies
please make babies mmm now you guys
gonna help you guys gonna help
yeah how you gonna have oh you'd help
wouldn't you oh you're such a smarty
like I'll be little Bowl mm-hmm okay
all right guys everyone has been
counting these things and it is time I
found out who got it right and who got
it wrong I need an assistant who wants
to be my assistant let's take the little
one Oh be my assistant
you gotta be my assistant it's my
assistant happy no I feel bad I leave
all T's there it's pretty fair everybody
Botti is there you to look after each
other okay you're gonna be best friends
forever leave know me best friends
Oh be a forever
what's happening what's happening guys
what's God Oh Albie I'm Xena
just about just no honey you're my big
brother
he is Hina
Alvie come on don't be like that now all
right he writes these everyone ready
okay this is gonna be quite difficult
because well it just is I tried to do
this deal and I failed so 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 22
to be 45 weeks six weeks seven twenty
eight twenty nine thirty today one day
two three - four - five - six - seven -
the 18 nine 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 three
seven 48 49 50 51 alright got 51 the
first time just to be fair let's do it
again 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14
15 16 17 18 19 20 22 24 26 seven twenty
eighty nine and thirty thirty one - two
- three - four - five - six - seven -
the 8 29 40 41 42 43 45 46 7 48 49 50 51
there's 51 guys 51 Kennedy bobbins
I got 51 twice so we're gonna go ahead
or 51 you left me a comment that's 51
let's go find out if any one have to
come in 1051 alright - look here Oh
Harry Potter fan said fifty four fifty
eight fifty sixty seventy two forty
sixty six hundred six forty five forty
seven on this CC beauties at forty seven
sixty one Jason dollar in 1453 that's a
Gina
can a 5-11 I ever time that run 50 to 90
180 641 or there's a 52 is that whitter
up thirty four thirty four thirty three
thirty three thirty to forty seven forty
eight forty three forty four 36 47 43:55
2255 blah blah blah blah blah blah less
than a thousand it was definitely nice
that it has an attorney a forty three
point five if P stop Jonas point five
actually gonna rub back out 532 said
fifty one she also said 38 straight away
afterwards she's had 51 did thirty eight
so do I had nothing together or if I got
532 well that you was it you dirty Oh a
text message a text message from sister
style art are you coming to dinner
well we are going today hold on I think
I got it guys I think it is Rebecca 532
because she said to do I'm 42 44 39 3742
3553 jxp 53 times did you pick the
chi-chi's arrives at you XP take double
xp 47 6864 oh snap foolery there you
have a folks the winner nowhere and the
most awesomest also Moses is her friend
Rebecca with a cave 532 second place
with 53 well-read Tiger 23 got 55
I'm munch on zombies I just wanted to
say that my mantra zombies hey got 47 X
Sammy a four-year-old time Casey sad
nice bad bad stuff there Alton come on
could you stop together nineteen 102 so
claudinha plug Deena 5:11 come second
with 52 53 was dancing you got 53 so
that's pretty much our winners miss
deceive you got 47 so that's pretty
close as Wow 58 59 60 75 54 so you guys
do a funny trick no no I paused it I am
definitely sure there are 86 objects
underwater then the next text comment
after I'd be like no no I by politic I
printed it out I circle it I've got it
there's 27 things in a watery like so
dramatically different all know where
are my little friends
why are you doing what are you doing oh
oh you're gonna be the ominous look at
the almost house oh my scene doesn't
repeat the homuth has before
oh there we go my house you know race
you got all my house are you waiting to
get all my house
are you eat all my house hey you guys
ready to go tall with us who wants to go
oh
all you need to do okay
let's go yeah the girls girls girls
yeah oh you do you you've been good
together the dreaded greens
what can you talk in love each other
kisses kiss each other the cutest sight
in the world firstborn get no sleep all
night long she is a feeding every every
two hours have to get up for feeding
it's actually the Cowboys have to make
sure they're okay like you haven't slept
in two days you have to keep waking up
make sure this is get rolled over
