ah it's like doubly hard to leave now
because there's like three reasons
before it was like I'll be Nina that was
hard enough to leave matters I'll be
Nina and seeing that it's like it's
getting harder and harder to leave every
day Matan plus this is our like first
full day here which is really I thought
I want to do is watch them run around
and play and stuff but your annual vlog
loads I can watch it later but it's so
hard to leave them my family anyway to
the studio we go hey hey he's a good boy
who's a good boy
it looks just like LT when he was that
age hey guys so um I am at home
babysitting and I feel so like
overwhelmed right now
um as most of you know we got Sina
yesterday
she's soaps but she hasn't left my side
all day and when I took my shower this
morning she started crying uh-huh
I was trying to get Alvey to like play
with her but he's been a bit weird but
her because he's obviously a little bit
jealous but now he's fine they've been
playing together and stuff but this
morning when I was taking my showers you
did start crying and I haven't even had
time to like I haven't straightened my
hair or anything because I don't want to
like go upstairs and leave her and I'm
afraid she's gonna start crying again
but um and then my my family are coming
over my brother's over at the moment
he's visiting from Italy but he wasn't
on yesterday's vlog because I tried
recording yesterday and for some reason
it wouldn't work but yeah it is
recording what do you wanna say hi wanna
say hi to YouTube
you're so cute where's Abby where's Abby
County oh look at the Bridget little
I'll become so yeah they're getting
along really well but I'll be still a
little bit jealous he's kind of snapped
at her a few times but more so yesterday
and this morning not so much like
anymore hopefully so like I said my
brother's over my sisters are coming
over or one of my sisters coming over my
mom is coming over and they're all gonna
meet seeing out for the first time and
I'm really excited cuz they never really
saw Albie when he was super tiny and she
is a lot smaller than Albie was because
I lose a bit three months a little bit
over three months when we first got him
and Cena is only two months she was
actually born the day before my birthday
so we share a birthday kind of
she wants to be around me all the time
she like does know and she follows me
around the house it's so cute I need to
like do stuff and I also need to work
like and you have tons of work to do I
need to film a video for my starlight
channel that's probably not gonna happen
anymore ever again because the week so
oh also I think there seems to be some
kind of piss party going on um that's
the Christmas tree I'll be keeps marking
it and yeah it's basically Ella P is the
problem Shh
don't teach her to bark okay so I'm
gonna feel a little bit later when my
brother and my my family are here and
now I'm gonna attempt to straighten my
hair if I can do that with that dogs
crying and stuff like that he's clean
he's coming what's going on what's going
on
Gomi Gomi okay
guys I was really bad I didn't tell him
anything I was just too lazy but I was
enjoying my lunch and everything and I
just kind of forgot to film but I'll
film later because everybody's gonna
come back come on up buddy
can you get up
we took Alby for a walk um which was
nice and good for him to get some alone
time and then my sister Erica minded
CeCe
because she's too little to go out so
also the other thing that happened is
that I hope I get up now she won't try
and follow me I got my a sauce package
which finally arrived cuz it took ages
so all this stuff is here so I'm
probably gonna do try and do a or film a
video with my new camera
which I don't know how to use so wish me
luck cuz I'm gonna try and do it and
hopefully it'll work out and I'm gonna
have my two buddies with me
okay you're gonna watch mommy film a
video we just had like a month story of
meal
oh it's from Alvey yeah you guys meet an
old friend later on today
hey Alby Hayami
oh it's a family time that and the boys
Michels Oh
I mean attacked by Maltesers this is my
dream
obvi she's got my hand my mommy oh you
know I know
children you let mrs. Tommy baby sister
be so cute
things got our air inside out cute oh I
can't get over the cuteness is too much
too much I tell you know at the start of
the year do today in the blog and I was
like I don't really know what I really
wanted to do like for my new year's
resolution stuff you know and then you
know what I would need to work today I'm
sitting in the studio and some time I
came over me you know and I slightly
blame you
not you obviously but I'm kind of
YouTube and stuff and it's not that I
blame it but I feel that like you know I
had gone and I like I'm educated in
digital media
I've got like you know where he's means
whatever it-it's like I'm technically
good you know I've got everything that
has me equipped to be a digital media
artist in animation or film or video or
whatever you know and you know I was
kind of fulfilled a night you know to a
certain extent but after I think
John cannot explain you know because I
feel that like since I've been doing
YouTube thing and it's been growing and
we've been interacting and I've been
really finding a whole new I don't know
a new experience and I'm waiting
enjoying it you know and then I was like
on for all the time for the last six
years or something I've been developing
media you know behind the scenes
creating the media you know distributing
it developing and producing in I mean
whatever like all different aspects of
different media that I've been producing
and creating and I feel that you know
think she's creating maybe maybe this
year 2011 let me try something different
you know why don't I try and actually
work in the media you know because the
David odd thing that started out it's
kind of like part of you know a social
experiment - a research project that I
was working on has sort of developed
into something else you know which is
kind of like it's becoming my daughter I
love I love you guys I love interacting
with you I get fulfilled and you know
when you guys TV comments like oh my god
you're so funny or I think the first
thing I love to do every morning is
watch this Taccone Jolie or you know I
love logging in and I see a Saucony
Jolie video I'm like you know I mean you
guys really are starting to engage you
know it's like sex seven and a half
thousand subscribers over a million
video views and I'm not even on you it's
not even a year you know what I'm
thinking I know it's not like like
shaycarl or CTFxC I know it so we're not
like massively big you know I'll be
awesome to be out there stylish no but
we're growing really quickly I'll find
out like I'm really enjoying this you
know you guys are bringing out more of a
I don't know a side to me that makes me
want to like like entertaining or I
don't know like just you know I just
very like fulfilled in doing this and if
I have to do this all day long every
single day just like you know hey you
know entertaining you guys or something
sighs I know maybe this year you know
maybe maybe this year that's what I'll
do in 2011 and you guys can watch you
know I'm like okay what is what I'm
saying like in January whatever it is
today
fifth or the sixth you know that I'm
gonna try in 2011 to create to move my
career from being in the creative
development side into the more like I
don't know well what do you do like
radio or TV or time I don't maybe maybe
this maybe this could become you know
something I don't know but just I just
wanted to say that because by saying you
now you know we can always look back
that this was the day this was the time
that I said to you guys you know I'm
gonna try because let's do it as a team
right just something else if there's
something else you talk to yourself you
know I'd love to do but you're too
afraid to do it I'll do it together you
know to me let's do it together that's
like you know if you want to go do
something let's let's all let's all go
together you know I mean you feel like
you know sometimes you feel like oh no I
can't do it you know I mean we casino
I'm gonna try new because I'm gonna play
like no I can't do like you can find it
like six months I'm sitting here and I
don't but then again I do believe that
you know your your faith is intertwine
and you know I'm not gonna bring
religion to this but I do believe that
like you know Jews people as people have
their own like belief system but you
know me personally I think that there is
faith and there is you know um you know
you can create your own destiny by
believing in something strong enough and
and following it true or having passion
for something in constantly reminding
yourself Wyatt why you're trying to do
something and surrounding yourself by
positivity of wanting to do something
and eventually you don't even
opportunities arrive you know when I
when I was sitting there like wow like
five six years ago you know I was like
doing sales and medium are marketing
stuff and and I hate it I hated it so
much I hate it every day I hated my life
you know and I started to develop a
passion and I tried to surround myself
with positive thinking that I could
change my life
and I did change my life and I went back
to university and it wasn't about
comit√© university because I wanted it
to be like educated or anything I wanted
to you know develop opportunities myself
by creating paths or faith or
you know my did that nanny know I met a
man and I went to the UK and I draw my
experience and I came back on and then
you know she set up the YouTube channel
two years before now IV each account a
week guys are engaging together and now
I'm being drawn in a new path and I'm
like that's May 2011 are here leave me
comment let's do it
you me you and me I'm talking to you
stop gonna die beside you to go visit
none on you directly at you let's do it
this is our year people let's make it
happen
