now listen to me and listen to me very
carefully YouTube I am trusting you with
the uploading of the video please do not
fail while I am gone promises this is
sort of the thing you have to if you
leave a youtube video it's probably
gonna fail it's kind of the way things
work in the world well we're going to
leave the YouTube video because I have
to go wash my masala it's car because
Anna's brother is flying in for a couple
of days you may see him under blockage
II think you'll be in the bloody team
super cool Peppa know so I thought I was
about like 50 million feet tall so we
may need to get a bigger camera speaking
of bigger cameras covered by my stylist
because our B and H package has arrived
from ask YouTube I just tagged them you
see what I just said I tweeted them I
treated them with to my video saying
that only it works that way but many
many of you people may realize may
remember may notice that before
Christmas YouTube did a top 500 global
channels and now I'm talking about it
was my channels and his channel the
style I was one of the top 500 super
cool channels of 2010 and YouTube in all
their beautifulness decided to Santana
like a Christmas bonus thingy to like
all the top 500 so we got to go to be an
agent we got some moves
so we are going to head over there now
watch the car collect the guts have a
good ol merry old time huh this 2011 is
pretty darn cool if you ask me the car
wash at the car wash get past the car
wash
apparently I just put the digits into
the didgeridoo one day oh and honey they
put the didgeridoo into the didgeridoo
now let this work
please enter your code on wafer to use
coughs now a message okie-dokie program
tree is ready use car wash now that's it
supposed to do go forward far for do I
go I don't fit in there all the way
mm-hmm stop stop
go back
stop
number Kondo oh goodness oh goodness
what's happening oh it's snowing crazy
guys probably know I think car wash the
car wash sigh don't be alarmed but I
think you've hit some turbulence there
is a crazy machine behind us trying to
eat us alive look at the roller brushes
Oh yum yum whoa oh my god it's a whole
card shaking
I said
doesn't come football for all right
you know we got we got we run for a
level-3 guys a full full speed ahead all
foamy wash don't do this look at this
that's killer like it isn't it
whoever invented this is quite smart
look I see it open up then how's the
stator are you this is the slow-moving
one
I feel quite quite sore that touch do
that is so weird looking
surprise that everything 3d I'm
surprised at this carwash is not in 3d
somehow you put on 3d glasses and like
the washi thing because they go right up
to you wait that'd be so cool I'm still
gonna embed that say bye bye bye bye
wishy-washy playboy see what bye bye
ways to ort buy my way she want see just
remember cuz loves you guys would
probably have Cheney and gone like what
happened wicked dog
so we went up there and it turned out
that only just before we arrived the
owners of the dog had actually AM found
him or a day offender somehow the owners
of the dog had got holding their dog
again which is great now which is
brilliant like you know we're right we'd
be better parents that wouldn't say that
but so we've decided that maybe we
should be not we've gotten all the idea
of actually getting a dog in our heads
we gonna say yeah we got an idea of
getting the dog in our heads
oh and then we decided that maybe we
will go ahead and do that so later on
today we're actually going to see
another little doggie that needs a home
but it turns out turns out this guy is a
Maltese that's a girl Maltese a sister a
little baby to only two weeks old which
is insane because not they're not
supposed to be like be right there mom
another like 12 weeks there's almost man
I know I know but they need a home
someone's gotta look after them you know
and you're so young so I'm thinking like
you know we could be pretty good parents
and we have a Maltese so we kind of know
what we're in for so we know a lot of my
thesis and I'll be I will be a good big
brother would you be a good big brother
we're also we come up with a couple of
name ideas as well
they make comment and let me know what
name you think that we should name the
duckie because we have a couple of ideas
but we're pretty sad on one particular
name we're going to stay spinning my
brother who's actually coming today it's
the name of my brother Stefan OHS
ex-girlfriend but I love the name and
I've always really liked it so I know
you guys give us some ideas give us some
idea if you guys know Stefan oh just go
ahead and list out all his
ex-girlfriend's and you get it right
so yeah that's gonna be exciting we're
do not later on tonight which of course
it'll be really dull and dark cuz I was
just standing at and I was like we're
gonna narrow me yeah I just said that
Anna it's like I can't wait till it
starts getting sunny again because all
our daily vlog for the last like I don't
know like a month or so has been just
dark all the time it just always dark
I missed sunshine lollipop
that's what I miss guys that's what I
meant what do you guys miss what are you
even saying be or sure Jess sir be an H
call of duty
yeah scan this extreme 16-gigabyte class
10 whoo I'm excited about whoa cool us
good Joseph on your tripod joka Scott
PSG had said 7.1 ear DPX turtlebeach oh
yeah seven point one with the microphone
thingy that's awesome that's awesome
more sadness extreme running white this
is so cool
right because look at that 30 make a
second class ten different classes for
different recording devices for 16 gauge
class 10 is awesome because we only have
class two and now we have class 10 and
now Anna's telescope
Viva H F 21 awesome oh that's a really
good head for a tripod she's got like
you tell the swivel mouse on it it's got
an X and white rotation
mm-hmm it's really good maybe not oh you
can flip around so you can watch
yourself now watch yourself
tell me how you're working for I guess
small it is ooh
CMOS sensor nice wide OB
worth like more than it actually was
since members like ogee yeah yeah we got
the reduce stuff device it is right it's
crazy man see look well the laptops but
they're different so nice and you guys
got the vive hf 21 Image Stabilizer
it's the CMOS sensor and it's a full
CMOS sensor not a quarter crop CMOS
sensor like the 5ds - full CMOS sensor
very nice
oh it's SVHC HD that's really good
actually
it's got 64 gigs built in it's got a 64
gigs built into it like really cool
alpha breaker one brick a 1 alpha out oh
look it's not like bendy look you can
bend it in and out take that shot go
take a shot better cool like a
helicopter pilot sunny uh-huh look how
shiny it is
yeah that kind of hangs there you know
it's a seven point one box oh yeah oh
yeah ear for DDS loves it loves it let's
drop everything and run home and play
games why is it that everybody is still
like chadmichael people is it like the
sales are gonna like Amazon
hello he doesn't say around in there or
maybe there is a bit crazy to traffic
yet and it's going off to collect her
bro bro we're gonna get your bro bro and
I'm gonna go home and play with my new
toys yeah are you gonna miss us
you gonna miss us no okay then SHINee
mama style let's Katara's know you reach
a point in your life where you say to
yourself I am bored of that foods type
and it happened it happen three guys so
I am NOT going to have myself a
frankfurter bagel
no no frankfurter bagels today folks
everything is done at our fridge there's
a bagel all right don't be so chicken oh
my goodness guys um I'm not a product
for sure but if any you gaming people
out there right I have like the five
point one normal system things that up
but this is insane like what is it you
know Forrest well I don't know you can
probably bought loads of different
versions of this thing but this is like
in your own private cinema as loud as
you want like you
7.17 different speakers somehow in there
I don't know it's in like it's just
incredible it's like then not like it's
not like just like noise you know it's
really high detailed individual sounds
coming from all different were you Fajr
absolutely it is is if you got a
boyfriend or a husband
birthday or something coming up or the
Christmas present for next year
hook them up with instead of these bad
boys they are the coolest thing in oral
ever Thank You YouTube I love you guys
we're going to collect mommy and suppose
you may or may not meet brother Ciccone
you may not want to be under pluckin dee
so we got a call there I'm not gonna say
anything because the mayor may not work
out but we are going to go and possibly
meet a little other Maltese tonight now
actually now we're heading there now so
I don't wanna talk about too much just
in case like you today it doesn't
actually work out but are we all excited
yeah
and it's a girl - okay I'll be guys
we're in and you guys live in mallow
leave me a comment oh if you live in
mallow
if you live in Marsh well if you live in
a marshland in mallow do you say you
live in a marshmallow that's the best
thing ever ah would you look the kind
folk from a low or a wishing you and
yours a happy Christmas I should
probably change gear there we go
don't worry about it so we're in metal
guys or worth we're blowing through my
low but just thought I'd stop by and say
hey guys can you see that can you see it
did I miss it
did you guys catch the name of this
house is new to pot house and you guys
live in new to fat ass I'm just gonna go
to new teapot house I look Donna rail
Donna ray new cheap hot house Mackenzie
new to pot house oh that's it guys sorry
sorry while I was vlogging we actually
went through new to pot house and we are
now in the next
no no one no no I'm not ready to be
neutral are you oh her thank you my
little boy come in call me Wow
no one treats now he's a good big
brother aren't you you're good big boy
you could be brother huh gonna get you
little sister sometimes I might get a
little jealous I really do love her deep
down inside but if you might want to
give her back that's completely okay
with me just point that out
oh I'll be other little confused we're
driving home and you sound like guys
guys you totally forgot to leave the
other dog there what are you doing oh
boy
huh Jake oh boy now we have a new
addition to the family now we have a new
addition to the family chicken no cheat
no you do you little know I used to love
your Alvey I never stopped loving you
goodness me 12 these eight weeks old
Oh
kisses for mommy no princess
just in case you guys just in case you
guys have no idea the scale of size of
things here let's just I just give you a
full scale Robbie what's it be like your
sister you know a small obvious look at
some all the other little pups he is
okay
guys is your cuteness just exploding
your cuteness there's just too much
cuteness right now just do much cuteness
Alvey
