let's all go for a walk ease let's all
go for walkies let's all go for walkies
one of mine a Monday night these guys I
just like ah cousin Scooby came and he
peed in all of my pee spots and now I
have to go around and pee in every
single spot all over again now yeah
that's the lamppost I watched a vlog
that's the one dad come on come on
before I get started one last walk
before I get started because walking in
the dark scram but walking in the right
is it starting to get like more now I
hope so I don't think so I think it's my
imagination another question you guys
when do you guys take down your
Christmas tree because some people like
my bro he just said to me he took his
down on like the 26th or 27th and some
people keep it up working for no
presents are like the 8th or the 10th so
when you guys said take your Christmas
tree down like a tree Cana isn't that
slightly spooky but kind of nice when
it's kind of dusky you know it's like
look I like the brightness and as I move
over here it's like a book or something
but a vampire okay it takes this top off
yeah I think so something like that
isn't it do you guys know you guys know
everything someone's gonna leave me a
comment and let me know it's like they
should set up like a Wikipedia or
something I don't know but like you guys
are awesome if I was in school and I had
an exam I'll just ask you guys the
question I'd come back tomorrow and so
might answer it hey we should write we
should do that we should try and find
unless someone said that to me they're
like he need you like at your first fact
of the day or something every day but I
probably wouldn't remember every day to
do it but let's see if I can think of a
question the question Ryan come up with
a you guys what I find difficult answer
of course somebody's good answers and me
lets me ponder on that one the tide is
it oh that's a nice with the light
reflecting off the water and it's like
Twilight Lee
this is part of my lose weight in 2008
we never actually ever acknowledge New
Year's Eve or New Year's you guys make
any resolutions or anything I didn't
really like we ran I did do a mood board
she's gonna try mood boards an
unfinished mood board but I'm just gonna
try this whole mood board thing this
year a wish board the dream board nation
6:05 yeah but something like that but
yeah I know I was thinking like what do
I want apartment billion subscribers
understands my this time next year hmm
put your umbrella saying like oh if I
couldn't get seven and I got the second
humor ages ago we did the circular
moving video you guys should go back to
the circle of video and look even you
guys left comments and see did you
actually do what you said you were gonna
do cuz it's not you are a loser call
yourself a loser right now leave me a
comment tell me if you're a loser I'll
let me try to count I'm a loser because
I did not achieve what I said I was
gonna chief but you know I did manage to
make they vlogs everything the way for
207 days so what does Joe FERS wanna do
this year well apart from like obviously
there's a lot of things I want to do
this year one of the things when I was
taking which is a realistic challenge
that could be developed over the course
of the day blog is I know where the
bikes now runners and bikes
so I was thinking that I probably like I
don't there like I'm not over
dramatically overweight but I have
developed a little tom-toms and it all
happened at my last year in college
because I pretty much lived on Iceland
which when you guys nuke a note that is
when it's so bad
you know inside about the little punk
comes and you know what I've kind of
like tied myself oh I should have my
little dumb pounds but you know and then
you forget and then in here it keeps
reminding me on a daily basis I'm a fad
she does not say that said I'm making
enough but yeah and I was thinking you
know what I used to be really fuzzy cute
a little physics oh maybe yeah maybe
that's what I'll do
you know over the course the next a
while you guys can have guys can come
along and maybe if you guys want to lose
weight or something that hey Stuart
together know that you can see all the
Christmas trees in people's houses that
one in the corner is quite cool
they just got like lights everywhere big
in here dog barking a little bit back
there so we're gonna go and investigate
cuz he appears to be like in this sort
of construction in the area place which
I don't think your dog like would be
there and he hasn't moved so he
obviously doesn't even walk but hope
he's okay man it's got rescued little
fella
we'll go and investigate dofus
investigates okay so I had a putrid
offence but I think the dog is which is
over here so we're gonna head over this
way and see if we can see the dogs I
think I saw his little tail come on
yeah yeah yeah don't you gonna miss
Nider he's behind this big fence wall
thing here come on Abbi OH
I've seen de Manitou dogs you seen him
all the time if you not get you
something
no I see these dogs all the time he's a
choice on the motorway hello
maybe he's stuck in here they're never
in here look they're like best friends I
see these two all the time roam around
together oh and see roses nice day you
know what Rose would stand for guys a
white roses stand for actually when I
was younger I was such a little boy
right so I had this girlfriend I used to
like want to like be all like a rose man
to himself so I found out what each row
is meant and then each day I would give
her a different roads leading up to it
was like blue was like sorry rose a
yellow rose is a friendship rose a red
rose was a love romantic rose and a
white rose was an eternity rose so then
I'd started off during the week and then
I gave her a white rose at the end of
the month but there's a white rose now
whoa I can give these to so many
different girls there's so much that's
not mine okay
the white rose yes Kim right now I
hopefully you I do deal
do you witness pen sports I now
pronounce thee jovis I was disturbed at
Iran as we were discussing about our
plans for New Year's resolutions leave
me your new year's resolutions loser
leave me your newest resolution below Oh
Oh Don piano just two versions of it
yeah this is second version which day
stage someone M made what he meant there
was a conspiracy batters although if you
type it into Google I think somebody
made off like an actual yeah yeah that's
the conspiracy take about one man and
true history yeah that's a new thing I
should put on the G off his channel but
in fact that today so anyone I was
trying to think of a fun fact or a fun
questionable fact thing that I could
tell you guys or a question of the day
you have to try an answer for me here
just popped in my head
alright guys just in case is any smart
asses there they're gonna pause the
video okay this is what okay could you
actually tell from pause in the video
Joris you think I should run across it
okay question of the day
many items business cards and pictures
and all sorts of things on the
subscriber walk currently okay that's
the question for today you can roam
around and look at all the other videos
and try and figure it out or you can
watch it from the start and count as I
put them on but if you win your might
not think about my respect and obviously
I will name and name and shame I'll give
you a shout out maybe you want one but
that's what I will do that's what you
have to do you have to answer me how
many objects are on the SUBSCRIBE wall
now I have absolutely no idea how many
objects are in this subscriber wall
because I can't guess put that I'm not
gonna lie against it I'm not including
the chipboard thing okay that's not it
not including the trouble tax or
anything that's used to it stick the
thing is out there but cards and
drawings and photographs and all hand
itself tell me leave me a comment let me
know how many items are on the
subscriber wall and it'll be totally
amazing if you get it right so mama
style I had said to us about two years
ago or something that a friend of hers
had found a little Westie to your OST by
styling I'm hoping little white dogs and
they brought him to the back you know
and he scanned him and there was no chip
on him but he was neutered so you know I
thought it maybe he was lost or
something so few days have passed and
there's no sign of anyone picking him up
Brandon oh I don't know what I'm gonna
do chefs around and no one's gonna be
able to take him you know so she said it
to us we're like well look come on we
see what happens you know and you know
something to yesterday and no one has
taken him so we're thinking you know
we're gonna go down there and we're just
a moment star that's getting a number
for me now we're gonna bring out me yeah
I'm gonna see you know through the
children get along well because you know
what you saw yesterday we're damn Scooby
my brother's dog then he gets on so well
together you know what I was thinking
you know maybe yeah
even just to shop you know yeah I feel
really bad when we don't do things with
Alvey but if he had a brother or sister
this would be an older brother anyways
if you had a brother or sister then he
could stay here play himself I mean he
wouldn't be by himself he would have a
friend and I've got two controllers sort
of PlayStation you know sort of two of
them can i play together I know it's a
west highland I've had a West Island
before and they are so well behaved and
they're so quiet and very calm dogs and
Albie can sometimes be the complete
opposite of Bashan so maybe you know the
tune of my can see sugar out it may be
you might quite Alvey down or maybe I'll
we will teach the other dog how to be
extremely noisy and spoiled rotten
either way guys the last thing I want to
happen is to start to get put down and I
know from making that pause video that
if they bring them to the RSPCA within
five days see SPCA we're in five days
they will put down a dog and that is
horrible and to think that you know we
can afford to have another dog in our
lives and I think there's two of us and
two dogs I think we can handle two dogs
three dogs it means that the dogs are
outnumbering the humans and that could
probably end badly but I think having
you know two dogs to humans in my work
at so I think we're gonna go down there
we're gonna see how see Harry Alba it
really is if we go there and Albanians
are fighting well then Kerry because
people are asking why we didn't cause
yeah like the only reason we didn't take
a dog composite because parts of this
rose
relations of adopting it our first step
they're all very big dogs because the
small dogs get shipped at and they go
very quickly you guys see what we live
we don't have a big garden we don't have
a big house we have a house which is
suitable for a small dog I'll become run
to those heart content around and around
this house and it's big enough for him
and our small balcony where our big
garden at the back our garden my big
kind of forestry area behind this for
him to run around in and that's like
totally cool you know so for little dogs
perfect Haven big dogs not so much just
honor from they will go insane in here
but certainly we're really equipped for
a big doggie handling Vanina has run off
on me and left me you think you're so
smart huh right could be afraid of you
10 steps
