my brother is coming today do you
remember him from ages ago I think you
saw my godson Dylan
it was like palsy like one one in a bit
this is a second gear on the planet and
he's coming to visit us today which is
kind of cool because you'll see him and
I think you might be a little bit more
grown-up I thought it's time inside you
can say a couple of words now you can't
actually say a couple of words he can
say a few words you guys so we had to is
a sail on in the home store more place
apparently the candle things are like
70% off and stuff you know the really
expensive ones so we're only now boys or
girls go get some candy hmm what's your
favorite scent coastal scent smell these
things like their little sticks hmm all
the good ones I got it it would appear
that nobody likes the white one because
that's all that's really left a clean
cotton you guys like clean cotton you
like some condos like tons and tons and
tons of thing
it's not edible for a mountain high
one Christmas tree mistletoe and take
your friend Holly push your friend who's
your friend you want chef sivasamy no no
no you better not make loads a noise
turn the whole thing around let's make
it musical
out there
we gonna I don't look like a home dog
with that what the sound is can I have
the ice cream man Oh scary movie no no
intestine a doggies happy nose the
doggies
yeah hey who got the cheese forget the
cheese you'll have to cheat happy oh
come on let's go get you another one
what what's going on here let's get my
up here that's gonna I hear what you -
what's going on up here at you to be
very quiet
excuse me what yeah I would love to see
if we did any special cheese pretty
humans all beneath the hair yeah
place your food all over the camera
let's get on up here guys let's go here
let's get out of here here hey how are
you both so wet what's going on up here
like what's going walkies with you
daddy's gonna bring a Scooby down to our
little local park area will be dozens or
something volcanoes gonna go off-road
yeah
guinea pigs
hi guys I'll be shoulder wait yeah that
pole that pose ready guys how they
didn't chase me you're checking for a
few minutes and he gave up the offices
loved me he loved Scooby more than me
heartbreaking Ruby I'll be okay
little God your parent oh I'm
gonna get ready - Scooby hey good buddy
- Scooby bye hi Scooby little man what
do we got here now oh yeah that's the
spirit
are they drumsticks yeah where's the
sticks what happened to this one I want
that one that one looks good hey John
Dino not my ownership ownership
ownership ownership ownership right you
have this half I'd have that half okay
yeah there we go
deal Happy's Happy's but also having
that pretend rice stuff oh what's that
I think you made the wrong stuff my
sister-in-law was anvil today thank you
know
like inky handles the recruit of its
nose when the university opens and then
it's just like help down snow for like a
month and we can't get the university
that'll be awesome that's what I want
for New Year's sort of that height so
wait am i is that not for me you look
you look pretty with your hair like that
not as pretty as me I'm here for you
this is why we come to mama style ads we
got that stuff which I can never
remember the name of it vulgar
don't be so vulgar drumsticks mmm peas
and corn isn't your favorite dinner ever
no it's not
it's whatever I'm making your favorite
dinner ever this is your second favorite
dinner ever
this is your favorite dinner ever
language you just say there what is it
on this from the magical land what's in
the triangular one what are you eating
now that's nothing
what is it shrubs and sleep from
stopping to get it runs just watch is
cream in it
goose cream I didn't notice cream and I
thought let's just chocolate
you guys ever happen now
Doro panic Otto this says it's bigger
than my head Alpana door pana juggle a
toe is that different varying Italian
put Erica so Tony what have you got here
oh it's a lot of shades you gonna put
all those shades in your eyes yeah
