we stayed up to like four o'clock this
morning watching the Pacific which is
funny because I think I ended yesterday
blog going like hey we should spend the
Pacific bucks and I think I'll start
watching good it's brilliant
it's really really good if you guys
haven't checked today and you like Band
of Brothers you should definitely check
out the Pacific it's really good you
know it's kind of like humanizes both
sides and enemies and stuff I don't know
I just I really like when they don't
sort of demonize um you know like that
in a Japanese or the German some not
because it's not real like where they
kind of humanized and they make it more
like whoa these people have families and
wives and this is just miscommunication
and interpretation of societies and Bob
but it's just better it's just better
anyway do you know what I'm doing today
I'm gonna put all these cards on that
wall and he's gonna help he's by route
gonna help he's probably not gonna help
but let's get it done let's get it done
there we have it guys how do you think
subscriber will start Oh filled up I'm
gonna need to expand it over this way
maybe another one of those boards or
something but looking good thanks
everybody that's it the stuff you
imagine yeah peon they're filling the
entire wall how cool would that be
darn cool I think tell me what's that
frankfurter and the people just so
happens I of frankfurters and bagels
okay it's not an imitation but just
quite a happy about taking the bagel for
a bagel slice and time being a Saxon
baby
Oh see that that's not gonna work out
that spinner kind of hoping a UPS man is
gonna come today
well because really you know it's almost
like New Year's Eve
I think it's news you tomorrow know the
next day and that would be kind of
ridiculous you know because I ordered a
sting on the 18th it is now 11 12 days
later 12 days later get out the twelve
days of Christmas and still no sign of
my Christmas presence which is kind of
ridiculous don't you think that they
promised on the 29th that they couldn't
do it on 24 cuz they messed up and
yesterday nothing
which kind of doesn't really make any
sense because isn't it just in the
dispatch office in in Ireland then how
are they unable to facilitate
delivery today or yesterday which makes
no sense whatsoever now here we go
so what time is it it is a quarter past
one and there is no sign of a UPS Mac
they're probably the worst delivery
service on the planet all right ease all
right Davis when you're gonna cook them
is to take the 41 good Frankie's put up
cheese put the cheese with the Frankie's
bagels have been sliced grass seed
bagels Drive the bagels so if people let
me comments in told me that they have
enjoyed the bagel slices and they have a
the revolver that the concept of eating
Frank words with cheese in a bagel guys
try it try it before you buy it
that's all I can say it's yummy yummy my
Tumtum so seriously remember my tum tums
and voila voila maybe you know I should
do on my job this channel I should
actually do like I'm a cooking thing of
all the different weird things that I
cook in each I think I'll be funny
wait a minute worth it it's gonna be
weird orange business my ass it's kind
of bits that are sort of orange looking
but how about some nothing to do with
the fruit orange I still like it
alright that's bigger cameras bad boy
and see we can work in a bagel town what
if I places it here like this
this is an interesting angle we're
carrying it all folks thank you fine to
the house that got the Joe's I've got Oh
missed the step Oh scary James he's got
the juice howdy no this is a new camera
blog anger not yet oh and one behind the
camera
that's one there for you love you guys
destination number two destination
number two it's a big amplifier in my
way we made it yeah I swear in the
balloon or package triangle because it
appears that we are unable to receive
any packages we are waiting on out three
consignments okay - from UPS and one
from some other company I don't know D
TPS or something 18 and it's still not
here I'm looking at the window and I'm
praying holy please hook it up but
nothing's being hooked up nothing's
being hugged up this is ridiculous
right I just log into the UPS tank and
it says delivery change request has been
processed the package has been held for
future delivery
we will not attempt to deliver this
until the data is being requested at
1:00 p.m. today that is ridiculous so I
just tweeted there a community manager
guy on Twitter who is telling me today
oh yeah I've got their phone number
they're definitely going to deliver
today and all like so and I see some
something by said like if they don't
deliver it today forget it they're gonna
have their money back or I want my money
back they can have their stupid thing
back and
provide for themselves for this
ridiculous life did somebody say wish ey
she's do you want the wishy-washys you
weren't sure what she wants she's oh
give me wishy-washy who's gotten away
see what she does he misty booming right
angles angle Narcisse she's happy
Oh think you might have been checked
about the wishy-washys not yet doctor
what you feeling
Jamie how much we need some kind of uh
yeah we use father a thing thing I'm
gonna try to find a thing I found a
thing
this will lure the thing its purpose
Alvie
where you got grassy alright grassy
knoll oh goodness you're not white
anymore at all I got follow me I don't
wanna get that look at the difference in
the color at the phony right step you
know you like it okay
Wow hey there you said she'd go boil me
you're trying to dry yourself Oh watch
my beard like that okay treat to this
being a good boy oh boy wait here for
Mom
thank you
you got him selfish he find himself
quite impressive 30 months actually
climbed himself over there strong little
arms daddy's gonna get some cheats
music good boy who is a good boy huh
yeah good boy you me when I cheat good
boy
you see shower time has its advantages
mission of the children the teasing had
to go off showers she even like a
chocolate bar when they get out of the
shower
could you baby him anymore
could you be babied anymore catchy huh
look at you little thing I mean this is
a car for you or something - baby - baby
- get the full view of like it's like a
little Yoda or something
see
