I don't know why but Christmas just
makes you think a star word for some
reason don't you think don't you think
oh please bones look at that isn't that
crazy you can't even see down the road
it's so misty out there whoa
isn't that say notes in stay knows you
guys ever see that fella think it's
called mist the missed by Stephen King
it is scary maybe that's what's
happening here probably what about these
best friends is called misty but you see
the misty so we're expecting another UPS
package this morning no fail failed
falou Simo we're expecting another
another package
hopefully today which is the second part
of Anna's Christmas present to me but
hopefully Orion's today it says it's out
for delivery has not arrived I'm going
to stay like this until it arrives my
fingers are getting tired I hope it
arrives soon I give up we're all going
on a walkies walkies is I bet the UPS
vans gonna call my Oregon and then I
will never ever get a Christmas present
then who's from loopy angles again today
today I'm the black booties 200 days you
can you believe that 200 days in 160
days we will have done one year 200 days
lb look at you you 200 days owner 200
days leave me a comment and say job is
you're amazing we'll stop forward stroke
200 days a lesson that we say that's
always limiting I think it's really
funny
now do your chores new tours I want all
them washed impressed and laid out for
me
right we're going for walkies you're
lucky
you should have seen his face yesterday
what when he realized we weren't going
in there right over there yeah you're
like we are going on a walk even if it
means dad does not get us Krista's
practice again cumin in the entry
student of doggies come on in the
entrance to the park over the other side
this could be a fun time or it might not
be a fun time at all look at the mist
here
crazy the lake is cool avi do not run
across there please yeah it's misty is
kill we're having like the craziest
weather experience is beautiful with the
snowstorm followed by the rainstorm and
now like a Miss storm you have a Miss
storm okay let's run behalf in ethnicity
no a mystery storm I feel a flag name
just came into my head
there's to be store that's greater it's
gonna into the mist look it's like
there's nothing there it's like I have
like comped you can probably actually
like green screen that almost like if
you just could it ever is like
nothing there's just white what happened
did it work office gone world is a
vampire Oh
music question of the day I keep think
come question today
music question of the day name the song
that starts off the world is a vampire
mist is getting thicker look Archie
walking into the mystic nothing what the
bigger avi now please do not attack
child on the bike okay Lucy look we're
actually walking into this mist storm
cloud we keep going
what if we disappear this is the last
will and testament of Java's lock office
I mean on my peen we enjoyed the storm
cloud of mist has once upon come across
world if you find this recording call
NASA
or some one of those or the guy from
halo yes qualified from halo feel same
song they get the run out of them shall
be dismissed it's mystifying what do you
guys call your dog when you say like
good dog you say good job a good boy
because we're just wondering because we
always say good boy because he's a boy
and he's our little boy he's that little
man so good boy or do you say like good
jockey or DJ good boy because we never
do that right oh I know right
good good mammal quad pad has a very
good quad pad we have their keep up with
the bypass squad pad ventures a serious
race coming up here folks
it must be a tuner smell it's over it's
over the retinitis team so this will be
an interesting outcome kids please don't
touch the dog guys mention it again does
the parents they're not even there okay
I'll pay their you wouldn't even see
them
yeah the kind of nervous often building
with the big dogs
yeah for the raincoat
boy I know Tommy yeah wasn't a proper
donation yeah he's really cute
the in Hurtado didn't press record I
missed it this big black Labrador the
suitor more like having like a stand
yeah what you new fight yeah but you can
try to salvage over like she thought
they're smiling well like if you can
tell that like you know we're okay
where's sometimes you see if y'all
coming up and the owner like grabs the
dog impulsive and clothes say go down
boy
don't what don't even white dog don't
even like oh you're like okay I'm a
little concerned there's two ways to get
home from this point I want to go that
way and it wants to get our way we're
gonna paper-rock-scissors this 30 1 2 3
ready 1 2 3 wait a second not the first
time the scissors paper beat
I thought that might have been a UPS man
it was not time for some pizza hello
little sleepyhead hello little sleepy
look at you Albie look at you you look
slightly homeless we're gonna call the
haircutter girl yeah do you want some a
slice of pizza I think she can have a
slice of pizza half a half I know it
takes a bit longer to oven cook but of
aniseed suppose would be more
appropriate word what I'm gonna go ahead
and open reheat because I don't know
it's just it just seems to be nicer then
when you microwave it it's like I don't
know it gets a little soggy or something
like I like the saltiness so I'm gonna
oven reheat it and then half of it so go
to my little Nina's but that's what you
do for a loved one that's what you do
for a loved one if you have a loved one
you'll understand one half of everything
so what's the deal half of half of
everything she owns is mine and half of
everything I own his mind
yes delivery you know I was supposed to
get this on the 23rd of December it is
now to 29th of December and they
promised me they promised that we'll be
here today even though I didn't get it
for Christmas I like it's not here yet
and this is redonkulous even though that
company picks on mania pixel mania da de
river it's called like they went ahead
like I I tweeted them and they tweeted
me back an hour ago we're really sorry I
saw her and they send me an email they
refunded me the thing was like the
express cost for Express
watch that holy poopers it's just
happening to my sink right there what is
this blue liquid that is just come off
onto my thing now it appears to be going
away again and it does not smell nice
hello what was that thingy because I
pray to express together before
Christmas but you know it's still it
doesn't make me feel any better because
what thirty years or something I'm still
without my Christmas present and it's
kind of annoying you know and I know
that I'm really afraid okay the UPS guy
is gonna make the same mistake I'm gonna
go check the tracking things sometimes
today and it's going to be like also I
couldn't get past the gate and he's not
gonna call I don't know I'm hoping I'm
hoping at the end of this vlog today
I'll be sending up my speaker you think
instead it might end up with me being
all right Yogi's are we yeah I got
someone say yesterday did you put the
camera in the food of course I didn't
but the camera on the food but the
camera behind the food gee man what do
you think I am so let's see if I can get
both of these up head mclubbe orange in
one go you guys remember Kenan and Kel I
used to love them there was so funny
know what's going you know any go the
cord is like they were suing the company
they're gonna give like a million
dollars or something but I like Kenan
Ocala camera which ones which but he put
the screw into jail and that's what
happens if you want him forward on it
begins with T and s and ends let's go
there's a song the batter's recycle oh
yeah laughter aside one oh the Tesco we
go to j-just go blue oh my goodness the
missus got worse
whoa buy one get one oh no no make the
gopis happy I think you should buy one
get one free for everything everything
you buy you should get another one free
I would make me happy
Oh moving on are they actually flavors
that's a good point you know when you
see this stuff they're like lime and
then she butter like it actually flavors
would you consider that a flavor cuz
there is a suppose a flavor but flavors
we use I'm you're gonna eat and it
tastes of something like what else could
you say it is commonly we know the
answers are a question it's a tricky one
you actually see obviously the pawprints
but a pawprint something I've been
imprinted where Paul kissing you guys
missed it I did em and have to show it
you know the air Christmas cards you
guys had sent us to the PIO box for
Christmas saw you guys have sent us a
Christmas card check out the video or
link will be around here somewhere leave
me a comment if you didn't see my
Christmas card there is always next year
alright prepare for Easter summer
Tuesdays and Thursdays my favorite
Fridays check out the video comin common
it rated grab it do all the things you
need to do I'm about to make some cattle
Monte because if you don't want any guys
watch the Pacific
it sounds like mmm it was like buying
the brothers type of thing wrong show I
ain't got the whole box out of it and I
totally forgotten I had it and I was
food right and I found him and we're
like nice we're gonna get stuck into
that so leave me a comment have you seen
it because we're gonna watch the first
episode tonight are the second one I
don't know I don't know depending on the
time depending how good to just let me
know but does this you've seen it let me
know if your boyfriend or husband made
you watch it and you sat there and you
said yourself oh my goodness water just
stuff just man and might give me watch
maybe come on let me know it away let me
come on so how did you tell me about
your day and that way we'll all get to
know each other just a little bit better
