and she brought forth her firstborn son
and wrapped him in swaddling clothes and
laid him in a manger because there was
no room for them in the inn and there
were in the same country shepherds
abiding in the field keeping watch over
their flock by night and lo the angel of
the Lord came upon them and the glory of
the Lord shone round about them and they
were sore afraid and the angel said unto
them fear not for behold I bring you
good tidings of great joy which shall be
to all people for unto you Is Born This
Day in the City of David a savior which
is Christ the Lord and this shall be a
sign unto you ye shall find the babe
wrapped in swaddling clothes lying in a
manger
and suddenly there there was with the
angel a multitude of the heavenly host
praising God and saying glory to God in
the highest and on earth peace goodwill
toward men
that's your Halloween Halloween Oh what
is it homie I'm gonna show it what it is
she can't a Barbie doll one more time
hmm well we have a chance get this
little guy it's a Barbie dog
turkey and cranberry flavorful mmm can I
have this that's his favorite chemical
one I have do you love it
say Thank You Santa
guys check out my Dexter fight boots for
the oume know we're saving that one for
last
oh boy you see by the disruption and
look I got slippers I don't know
hey come on happy can you wait what we
want him to open his big present last
yeah he feels like he's our winner
Alvie give it to me give it to mommy
suction in this room mm-hmm
what's that what's that booty
it says Morris hey miss young
farting tea same token cinnamon tea okay
get that under the boiler these
hollaback powder banner making our
friends are you oh I don't know what
you're talking about
look what I got for Christmas it's
amazing
remember yesterday's vlog when it turns
out thinking the same you guys that's
not that's not business oh that never
happens I'm not sure what I'm not sure
what this part is for we don't need
instructions all right this'll speed up
Herman filter thing everyone was talking
about with the alarm thingy so I can set
it so like when I wake up in the morning
the coffee's ready
boom Chico my best machine friend you're
my favorite puppy friend
mommy's my favorite girlie friend and
you guys are my favorite subscriber
friends do I know we're interrupting
this broadcast haha making a happy
Christmas video for this time where is
the car all in her room which one this
one so I'll turn into a very important
studio like setting now part of the
Christmas wonderland let me get into
position now what are my lines again
like a fool
just we've just established that this
shirt and I was thinking I like that
wholesome very conservative like lady
like you know you are like let's bring
some
we got a white Christmas you asked for
anything else salt that is salt with
pepper and chili this is sugar with
vanilla oh wow and this is for Erica
chocolate marshmallows yeah the whole
lot so nice they're the decorations
cinnamon clove sugar Wow
this is cinnamon cloves and sugar count
oh I can't wait to get our ones I think
she made everyone's presence is your
present time I think it's about time
javis gotta present toes bring forth the
gifts check out Ricky's boot smarter
than mine one of my feets bigger than
the other one oh my goodness what you
thanks Andy Erica focus Judas take the
marshmallow let me put it in here
probably it's more cocoa powder there's
never enough more cocoa butter look at
this delicious hot chocolate oh no
already for cocoa powder cocoa powder I
would just kind of like we're gonna mix
it ha ha no she did you see that video
where someone sent me a little automatic
whisker thing she's like two days ago
but someone sent me like a whisker thing
you go yeah it for me yeah and that's
how you make a hot chocolate
yeah guys have you ever heard of this
apparently this is like cuisine hot
chocolate oh the best hot chocolate own
world ever I'm going to take this we're
going to test it and see it's the best
hot chocolate think we'll ever they mean
comedy if you ever drank this I want to
see you nicely turns when I get back I'm
gonna go see the part guys haven't seen
it once oh I can't wait it is that here
come on
it's like a winter wonderland I am
dressed appropriately for this wetter I
must say yeah Robbie oh my goodness it's
frozen actually solid coffin just in
case I'll be oh well I had their
Tuesday's he's small for a bee his paws
are much bigger than ice we're gonna
take a short cut oh that's like tougher
like frozen all the way down yeah it
certainly looks like it
my goodness it's like frozen to the edge
we had like him the lock was like that
is all you know what's they like do you
remember a year ago we made a video I
had to make an eye of snowball my first
video I was here
oh look the wine the snow guys it makes
your hands freeze equality I gotta make
it snow angel it's no angel yeah the
crazy number right now describers Abbie
Abbie up again Jonathan come here
look these like pieces of ice everywhere
machi see it actually really does it
smell
the experience I got you just said it
once at once that didn't even crack
showing a really heavy roster so far
it's just based across the water it's
the middle actually hello good catch
good catch let's get out of here what
are you doing babies okay - then you
guys watch it evolve ages ago we left
and London we stayed here for a while
do you guys remember him yes do not let
me bring them to our new place so they
got left behind here
you've got back those rolled so that is
prefect student council prefect who said
that I know it's that you're like a
goody-goody in school finally bring your
new toy with you see what mommy thinks
of your new toy
oh it's coming along nicely to the top
is there something in there press it for
long time last time
Oh lights are off there we go so we're
having a sneaky little afternoon
Christmas nap because we were really
tired
after all the excitement this morning
but I'm gonna make something to eat
because there won't be until a little
bit later think about five or six it's
four o'clock now we didn't have lunch or
anything so I just think it's probably
better if we eat something now to hold
us over until this evening so I'm gonna
make some bagels and Jonathan's still
upstairs in bed I'm not sure if I'm
cheap I hope you're all having a good
Christmas you're not so spoil it my mom
about us wait and watch
so if you see my mom I can't tell her
stop playing the bass look at this
construction here
Oh alby's toys there mate Jonathan's
mine alby's to be honest I'm kind of
doing this to just prove to you guys
that I am nice to Jonathan cuz some of
you are like NSO spoil it Jonathan just
everything for Ana it's just I don't
love myself doing the nice things okay
he has an advantage because he owns this
vlog camera thingy so here we go I don't
know
get off me back to Alma's again now for
Christmas dinner with a nice Christmas
news and some frankfurters
it's just we're not ready for the bunny
I'm ready for the pudding I've left a
little bit of reserved room for the
pudding
I've been waiting months for the pudding
looks like bisman Spy is coming for the
pudding it's a Christmas tradition Anna
likes to eat a dozen mince pies for
breakfast - and cherries in case you are
your honor fruitcake so please fill er
up what did you get yeah
no no just missed the boat home do me
lashings and lashings vanilla cream but
yeah rich me said but no they said you
message edward albee you could join
edward albee zanna's first cat cat
attack oh goodness me one catch
okay you can't even see that cat three
cats
what is that Oreo you're buying happy
Christmas
goodbye and I'll be Christmas goodbye
and happy Christmas
another gut for cats one dog Monica is
only one more thing to do
guys on a Christmas evening night
Christmas evening night is to make some
hot chocolate O's and watch the Doctor
Who Christmas special because what else
are you gonna do when I use distinct no
you know what I'm gonna use I kept this
I got this thing today where my Erica
was telling me to use this alrighty it's
supposed to be the best hot chocolate
dough in the world ever we got a couple
of new hot chocolate on mugs oh yeah and
you know what else I got guys that this
thing Oh be nice Christmas we wanted to
try and get em some cups that would you
know reflect the size and amount of hot
chocolate oh we want these two here
should do it
that should do it
there's all these new friends Chrissa
toys your toys put you in your play wit
with your new in a play what it's fine
which one you gotta play wit so what
might say like how come I didn't like I
didn't actually feel him any of the the
presents really opening on what people
got for any humans cuz I just feel let
you know it's kind of unfair I think if
some people you know something not
everyone's gonna have the same Christmas
and you know and a lot of the
consumer-driven what people got
sometimes overshadows the whole point of
what Christmas is supposed to be so you
know you might notice that already
shoulders Albie because you know it
doesn't really matter what I'll be got
for Christmas but I just feel like you
know just in case it was leavin comments
saying like why didn't you show like
yesterday's vlog you saw me and I had a
shop for each other sort of you know and
I don't know I don't know I just feel
that you know there's gonna be a lot of
videos people like hauling Christmas
presents and stuff like that and I'm not
hating on them it's fine thank you
that's what you want to do it's just I
don't know it's just not something that
we're gonna do okay
wanna see a cutesy little picture about
ewdiepie oh well isn't that like the
cutest picture ever you can put that in
your makeup storage room I'm trying to
decide when I'm whisking the milk um
what would be the most effective tool to
use now I think this would be good
because it's a whiskey and all but I'm
just wondering like if only I could make
this somehow there we have it laughs to
Christmas night so guys I hope you all
had a very very Merry very very Merry
Christmas unless of course you don't
celebrate Christmas I hope December 25th
was totally awesome for you on a totally
awesome day that it was just another
Saturday but it was probably like a
Super Saturday or you're probably
looking around going like whoa why is
the wire on the shop's knows what that
was going on what's all this about
and why are all these fat red bearded
men floating around in the sky crazy
anyway from us here at the secona
trollese we wish you a Merry Christmas a
Happy New Year but more tonight you guys
will brother Xia tomorrow yeah let's
face the facts let's eat our hot
chocolate let's watch Doctor Who stat
