I just got rudely awakened by a phone
call do you know what it's okay because
it's my package my package has arrived
where is it where is it oh I only got
one part guys
oh it's from UK deployed then I got one
part which is kind of crappy so I gotta
wait till probably tomorrow for the
second part we just got no copies but
goddamn it work on the slave driver I
got Christmas Cocker militia Christmas
 emitters from Mama style diet
couple of a Marlin growler this is it
guys the last thing to do is to put the
actual back cover on the book and
anything like that's lying about are
bulky it's not it's like so much you got
at work on but this is it this is the
last thing to do and then we're going to
like put the final draft out there and
then we're pretty much nearly ready to
go and you're ready to go guys are you
excited you excited I'm pretty darn
excited my little design here little
designer here hey hi hi hi sorry can't
talk were you busy really busy can't
talk where's the picture where's the
picture
where's the picture is the quiet Jimmy
holy freaking steamed guys that's it
it's done no more no more no more for
you
that's it it is done so book has been
designed
completed fini towed and ready to rock
and roll ready to rock and roll
go Sasson with some frankfurters Makena
frankie turn you're supposed to take
over there with the chorus part maybe
you guys could leave your own real
chorus below thanks a lot and I'll sing
it next time
hop sing you a song of sixpence I can
buy myself a little a they should making
me a Franklin oh yeah I totally forgot
did I did not I thought that I was
confused
did you guys enter my black ops
competition my Christmas giveaway sunny
like two more days I think cuz I'm the
winner it's gonna be on Christmas
morning and they will get an email from
me well well they get an email from me
how do I contact them I probably hunt
you to youtube channel yeah yeah yeah
yeah probably yeah yeah configured yeah
props props props yeah totally totally
yeah yeah props totally probs oh my
goodness why maybe you should stick to
styling and less talking stepping cheese
in them
nacho Nigella Lawson my jello Lawson I
don't know why is it soft
did you put it on the same place that
you heat it up with a frankfurters
oh yes hi it hide it hide hide us now
you come here you come here me no
looking no peeking no peeking one no
peeking no peeking
1 2 3 4 5
she crazy I don't know our designer
Christian
Obi is over here that was a hard one cuz
he never put it out here before I did
- a million way over
wash up all my dollars you guys check
that out at the new page oh that's a but
new little tummy thing and we're going
to click on the thing and the thing goes
I just positive for that I'm also gonna
know the whole thing here oh you guys
like it I love it I love it
that's time to tart Osceola cruise she's
the illustrator for di the
because I was spending the day putting
the book together and finalizing and
getting off printing itself and I had
all the the assets creating then I was
like on all wracking
why don't I make some Kings y'all so
check out the Starlight Anna had
actually changed her banners as well and
I was like let's streamline it all
together let's be streamlined
white sharks butter
on my way
thanks a lot just gonna drive I don't
think my holding down your hands does
not make you be able to drive my car
are you jealous yes this is my driver's
license goodbye where's my keys my keys
where are my keys where are my keys I
don't know just go today just gonna be
like javis
so in five words less why should you buy
the style a grocery bag
oh yeah do you know what your money's no
good here mister Saucony Jodi holding
hands holding hands on a winter day I
don't know about crossing this road Nina
didn't seem not bad actually
they say it is cold this is like a
winter adventure wonderland yeah maybe
we should walk in the grass I don't know
seems like a sleepy oh yeah it's slippin
and slidin
sometimes you need a midnight lunch
especially on a and a Christmas Day
cause it's Christmas holiday time
Christmas holiday time Christmas holiday
times especially Eve Eve tomorrow is to
spend our Christmas special so record is
the special smile very excited I'm
bloody excited new naina nearly had a
slip oh it's icy again here is it so
pretty though I'm so much happier though
with the inconvenience and like with the
inconvenience of snow and ice and all
that stuff you know but at home because
the holiday is now so awesome but like
even so it's colder and stuff it is kind
of I don't know it's nicer to have this
weather I Christmastime it feels more
like it feels like you're in the films
like cousin ours like you know all the
films like the happy Christmas is it's
like it's true in China Tim but it never
snows for Tiny Tim in Ireland it's just
cold and rainy but here we go like man
this global warming is brilliant it's
actually giving our hand hotter summers
and colder winters thank you worked out
quite well for us
all the Queen appears to be gone got
them entire store
eyes surprise you know mm coffee would
be thing that I got for cream without
whipped cream do you think this is very
very slowly but it might work all the
cream is that different I'm ready
whipped I don't save some time they've
already worked it I put my cream back
and forth it is the fullest I have ever
seen Tesco in my entire life we've not
think that this is like was like 10
o'clock this is same Merkel fertile
bread bowl factor would be like from
reco
