away in a manger no crib for a bed the
little Lord Jesus lay down his sweet
head
oh ha ha
poor guys it's the last day of school
before crystal muscle school work in
college and I don't know whatever I'm
putting is the last day guys this is a
needless day I'm quite excited I just
got myself battlefield back to the field
would you like to go in my battlefield
and then there is like a patch for it
and I was two and a half gigs it's men
say me oh so I left on last night down
and out with the Armstrong pack and the
others gonna think of Caroline yes
holiday time are we excited again spend
every day family oh yeah that's good
copy morning off hey I am waiting for my
mom and actually my grandmother on my
mom's side because they're gonna come
over and I'm at home right now they're
gonna see my kind of new apartment I
know it's not really a new anymore it's
Google months old but yeah they're gonna
see it because hey dobe because my
grandmother has never been here before
and it's actually kind of exciting
because it's the first time that she's
ever been able to see my apartment
because just any other place that we've
lived has either being outside of
Ireland or in Dublin and she doesn't
usually go up to Dublin that often yeah
this is the first time that she's gonna
see my apartment and Jonathan is not
here right now and yeah they're gonna
come over
they're just having lunch you think so
I'm trying to get the place tidy and
kind of like presentable but cuz I live
with two smelly boys who are so messy
what are you doing why are you on my
bedside table what are you doing Oh what
are you doing huh you're such a cutie
hmm okay so anyways as I was saying I
was tidying up and trying to make the
place look nice now let me show you our
bedroom the bathroom tidy tidy somewhat
clean as well that's am i doing by the
way my makeup and just closet room tiny
try these well tidy well nice and then
we're gonna go into okay then we're
gonna go up to Jonathan's room this is
Jonathan's room what the hell this is
such a mess and I have to show my
grandmother like the whole house what a
dump
and every single day I come in here and
I have to open the curtains because
they're always pulling and they're black
so look what happens when you close
these curtains which Jonathan keeps
closed a lot of times can you even see
me
before you can't even see exactly
exactly so right so that's what I'm
doing right now the rest of the house is
clean and well tidy we can we can fake
the clean part but yeah everything else
is fine it's just Jonathan's room is a
complete mess so
toys Virge I might put away Elvis toys
it pulls that mother but I just think
that's cute so um yeah that's all what's
going on and I might introduce you guys
to my OMA myoma I have to not call her
Oh mana and I'll be anymore though
because he calls my mom
oma because that's his grandma so I
can't call my OMA anymore cuz he gets
confused
so it's OMA and mommy's Omar coming over
I need to wrap them actually but anyways
I almost forgot to show you guys check
out my earrings aren't they festive
we're getting ready for Christmas for
like so in the Christmas holiday spirit
right now because I'll be was looking at
his stocking which is semi stuffed we
put it we put some little treats in
there for him and he doesn't fully
understand Christmas obviously because
he's a little dog but he realizes that
there is something in that stocking and
he thinks it belongs to him so all
morning literally he has been checking
like coming running over to the
fireplace and like making funny noises
and looking up and it's talking because
he really wants us inside cuz look
are you excited mm-hmm
it's a new dunking you excited for
Christmas visit Christmas tree yeah okay
you're so cute
not till Christmas okay not for another
how many days three three days I just
heard from Jonathan and he's finished
work for the holidays since is really
exciting because um yeah I think
no he's finished so he's he has three
weeks holidays from work which I don't
know why I'm doing these crazy exercises
but I'm damn I'm just really happy cuz
it's finished for three weeks and that
means that we can spend all I comes
together and never see anybody else in
our lives ever again no but I'm just
happy cuz yeah so as you probably saw
hopefully my mom and my grandmother were
here and I got some news she well I got
these napkins there so and that's
Jonathan got a package that's 2008 and
yeah I think I just drank a whole pot of
tea with that even meaning to you don't
see cuz my mom and I had tea and then
there was like tons left she had to go
and collect my sister but anyways I am
going to order some food because I'm a
bad girl and I don't like to cook so um
I think we're having pizza tonight
and when it's good pizza it's not like
dominos we used to get Domino's
sometimes like leaves do the two for
Tuesday I think both of us have actually
gone off Domino's because it's not great
pizza it's just really like unhealthy so
like the taste good or like it tastes
bad taste bad so it tastes good if you
know
but it's really not that great pizza
like it's very very doughy and both of
us like the thin crust I can't believe
I'm having this vlog but pizza but the
thinners are the better ones so we found
this well we didn't find it we knew
better or you but this is a place called
bullies and I hate the name like I think
it's the grossest name ever but then you
do have really good food and there's
such good pizza like I never even tried
their pizzas before and then we tried
them recently like last week we got I
got a pizza from there and I had like
the thinnest face ever and it was so
good so if you're ever in Cork and you
want to get good pizza will actually go
to Milano's cuz that's even better but
if they delivered them but also bullies
if you're if you're looking to like you
know get it like to take away then go to
bullies so I am trying to decide what
one to get Jonathan always gets the you
can't even sit up John can always get
the Hawaiian but this one's called
Hawaiian plus so I'm gonna get him one
of those with ham pineapple smokey bacon
mushrooms and green peppers and then
listen to these toppings like I don't
know
this one is really crazy okay because we
live in Cork which is in Ireland you
didn't already know and they have this
pizza called West Cork delight now if my
dad saw this he would freak you probably
have ten thousand heart attacks because
it's so like wrong
Johnson aunt usually gets like even a
Hawaiian pizza - an Italian is wrong
like that's just weird like why would
you put ham and
pineapple on a pizza strange but having
like meat like chicken on a pizza is
even weirder like I even think that's
weird and Jonathan loves pizza with that
chicken but this is like kind of taking
it a little too far I think it's called
West Cork delight and it's got ham this
is a pizza I remember okay huh
potato black and white pudding which if
you don't know it's like a sausage
basically made from like pig's blood but
it's really really good I have to say
but not on the pizza fried egg smoky
bacon and Irish sausage what the hell
kind of pizza is that seriously if my
dad saw that he would freak because no
it's supposed to be but anyways I guess
it's like their special thing or
whatever um so yeah I don't know what
I'm and then there's this other one
fishy fishy king prawn tuna anchovies
red peppers and onions there's nothing
wrong with having anchovies on the pizza
but came from do you not like anyways so
I'm trying to decide if I'm gonna go for
the garden fresh because the thing with
me is that I love vegetarian cuisine
like vegetarian food when I'm at a
restaurant that is all I'll eat because
I love different what like finding
different ways of cooking vegetables I
hate cooking I can't cook for some
reason I know that people are like
cooking vegetables it's the easiest I
can't do it like I can't I mean I don't
know what I just can't do it
um but I love like experimenting with
like food and stuff when I'm at
restaurants what I'm ordering and so I
try not to get meat because it's nothing
to do with like being healthy or
anything it's just that I actually
genuinely love veggies and I just like
finding different ways of like eating
them so and sometimes when you have like
meat and stuff that can be kind of
boring plus I don't really like meat all
that much but yeah so every time I try
and get a vegetarian thing because at
home we
we have like me Jonathan loves me so I'm
just editing up the footage there and I
realized that the vlog is kind of like
doesn't need to have the competition
part inside the vlog because I wanted to
be kinda I want to get to the point
quickly and then it's gonna be at the
end blog so I decided what I'm gonna do
is I'm gonna go and stick that the
competition all about the competition on
my Johnson Jolie channel in stereos so
I'm gonna be a link here them the
competition is to win call of duty black
ops the four zombie maps that you can't
actually get anymore you could only get
them if you bought the hardened edition
of black ops or you bought the prestige
edition now as guys as you know I bought
the prestige edition well if they gave
me the Xbox one now while I was waiting
for them to sort that out and give me
the PlayStation one I went ahead and I
got myself a hardened editions therefore
I ended up with two of these and these
basically on the back of this card is
the promotional code that you can put
into the PSN and it'll give you access
to the zombie maps now you can't get
these anywhere you can't buy these
there's no money could buy these there's
a rumor that they were gonna come in for
Christmas but it does look like they're
coming out for Christmas now so this
would be the most coolest present in the
world to give to a loved one you don't
even have to love them so this is for
the PlayStation version you have to have
black ops on the PlayStation you have to
have an internet connection and you do
actually have to like go us no you don't
like chocolate it'd be nice if you like
me it would be nice to be like me but
you know I understand if you don't like
me that you're only gonna go ahead and
go over there and because of that you
have to subscribe this starlight you
have to subscribe to the flu TV and you
have to subscribe to Jonathan Jory and I
will check check so head on over I'll
probably leave an annotation somewhere
around here and if you want to be like
the totally coolest boyfriend or
girlfriend father or mother or I don't
know whatever but if you know someone
that has black ops and they only got the
standard copy this would be the most
amazing present in the world ever click
on over all you gotta do is leave a big
comment about you know leave me good
enough reason why oh why should you win
you know telling hell
thorry stood up to me stand up patrol
boats now back to the vlog we go Borden
ena in the studio some of you guys may
have actually a notice that YouTube have
decided and of all the millions of
people worldwide they are going to pick
500 people 500 of the best partners on
YouTube and they are going to give them
a super-duper Christmas bonus well
overdue you Nina Mac the javis in the
studio the style I was emailed by
YouTube congratulating them for giving
them such wonderful content in 2010 and
being an amazing partner YouTube channel
and is given Anna a wonderful gift you
can go to the things like YouTube dot
blog spot.com are on their blog or
somewhere and that's where the actual
information is put daggers and it's
getting a new camera
tons of people about to be messaging me
is saying that I need a better camera
but this is like this is a really wish
you'd do higher quality video isn't like
a wish your camera was better in love
and people always say that my old camera
was better when she actually it wasn't
well was because it was a Canon but it
gave it's the audio 20 we used to have a
listen yeah so we would always say that
I had a lisp on the other one but the
quality was better like the actual like
visual quality was better and then on
this one it's really dull like not the
one that you're using right now on my
one it's what I use here this is a Canon
yeah
and the colors are really dull and it's
just like not good but I got a new
camera which is worth $800 I can't I
don't think I've ever owned anything any
piece of equipment that's a CMOS sensor
CMOS Full HD then it's green lens what
it is like totally nice
it was really nice to yonce em I gave
Jonathan half my earnings well we bought
the cards for you so and the cards for
the vlog ADIZ well you need to care for
the camera - oh you got a party but you
know no I got guys I got gaming headsets
my one with the microphone Thank You mr.
YouTube love you best Christmas ever
although totally I didn't get it but you
know maybe next year maybe next year
this channel could be alternate we don't
we'd all have like 5 billion views and
seven trillion subscribers like Little
Miss popular over here but I won't talk
about that yes you know what happens
