all right little piggies and cows off
the school we go well I'm going to see
you see wait a few minutes okay Martha
come back and collect mommy and Alessia
we're going on the big Tata waddle even
watch out of oil
yeah Tiger water boys we're recording
it's like sports day yeah today your
farm animals
now what were the rules what outfits
were you not allowed where dreams Sh
and what did you say she said I want to
see no princesses or TV here are
superheroes farm animals only yes that
we because we're going to see this we
saw them on the farm
yeah freaky hehehe oh hi did you see
that boy ed oh boy sneaker come on
Eduardo oh I hate when I don't reverse
him yeah what don't take our head off
poor thing
thank you
Damon Sophia can you say move no what
are you again
a cat oh my goodness
Sophie I mean his other best friends can
you do you take a picture of the cow
yeah all right
it is alessia's 3-month birthday today
you see is she's really tired she's been
feeding all morning put him off except
for when we went to big trouble but
she's been feeding a lot since we got
back pretty much non-stop torsion
non-stop and I'm like a toaster DCP but
I want to take her on a walk and I think
it will be good for both of us so we're
going to go for like a half an hour walk
but it's a three-months birthday she's
three months we made it to the three
month mark go let's go for a walk
normally if the dogs are here I'll do it
like once you can bed nothing so I'll
take them out instead but they're out
today with Helen so we're going to take
baby out so peaceful out here I really
really love coming out in the morning
this is actually quite late for me like
11:45 but it's so nice and the holidays
haven't started yet that's when it gets
kind of crazy but she's fast asleep
cutie and it just helps me get you out
and I hope when you're not feeling it
like yesterday I wasn't feeding it at
all
so I didn't do that but today I was like
let's get back into it you need to keep
doing it consistently this for us both
when I was younger younger than I am now
loved it when me down now motor and
things are just the same
Oh
I mean uh
oh wow
only by breath
that my
ah
there's man
hell we die
friends I don't even know if you guys
know when I'm in a filament wanna go
well i filmed the film awhile ago i've
been doing this for about six or eight
months from coming up with the idea of
making a film do you remember to start a
year i don't know ii don't even know if
you guys remember or if you're watching
but start a year i was like this year i
really want to get back because like
eight years ago before i started doing
youtube a place to do is to make like
short films and animation and all that
stuff when I was working commercially I
started doing YouTube and then I sort of
kept your YouTube and stopped doing that
other stuff and this show is like I want
to do it again you know so as I said I
had a goal to make a film and then we
start developing and doing it and then
it was really hard it's a lot of work
involved you know but luckily we did a
lot of people working on it with me and
we got to this point and then I can just
locked away chipping away at it trying
to pull stuff together because it's not
like I'm not trying to make like and
norm trying to something really unique
hopefully some day you guys get to watch
this it's not going to be ever available
on YouTube besides we're going to be
available online or in like that it's
them it's going to be like a theater
experience but I hope you guys get to
see it someday
it's pretty cool coming up with the idea
to being a storyboard to being a
mnemonic to being a previz can I bring
like this sort of like test shots you
know mean to eventually actual take some
shots then eventually pre composition
and optical change warping and and then
at the moment I'm I'm working on scoring
it and it's been amazing fun you know
but I'm you might have noticed recently
in this logs I haven't really been as
much involved because thank you Anna so
much for holding it to happen her name
but I just until we have didn't see
every day man I'm just I'm living in
this I'm living in this but I'm getting
somewhere
finally getting somewhere it's starting
to actually feel like a piece so yeah
hope you guys get to see it sooner and
hopefully we'll be finished soon and
assume I post YouTube debut for a film I
think it's gonna be cool I hope it'll be
cool anyway I'm going to get back this
is my life now good buddy cop I'm back
from my walk and I got some cube stuff
from child's play clothing who were
having a 30% off so I think it's moved
to 50% now so there's not that much left
but you can get some amazing deals on
kids like designer clothes this stuff
just makes me so excited and happy and
like you have no idea so instead
everything out the kids but here's what
I picked out so immediate them die when
she sees her it's a set from Nellie
Kelly and it's these cool leggings and
then a top I didn't even know they did
clothes she's got a little tutu I
thought they just did shoes and then
check out these train like high top
trainers oh my god so go from Hogan
rebel they look like mermaid like scales
and then it wardo got these bright
shorts from it I kks I don't know that
brand but they're cute for summer he
actually was kind of low on shorts he's
growing out of them and then this Fendi
top it's obviously a bit warm for
summertime but it's huge like for him I
can tell there's going to be massive so
he can wear that next all in the winter
and then these were the only things I
got that weren't on sale but there's
these arm honey
trainers so cool like I'm actually I
don't even want to wear them there to
life and then unless you got a ice cream
baby grow so adorable with like a little
matching hat this is some Magnolia baby
they actually have adorable stuff like a
lot of
that was on there I want it I found it
really hard to pick and then this
Burberry teddy bear so cute I'm going to
keep this box forever it's so pretty so
I've laid everything out for them for
when they come home from school and I'm
going to be so excited you put your left
foot in you put your right foot out you
do the Hokey Pokey and you shake it all
about huh
you do the Hokey Pokey hokey pokey pokey
- the hokey pokey pokey pokey she's so
cute
no you're so cute what's that
that's so cute no you're so cute huh
that's a serious face you put your right
foot in you put your left foot out you
do yoga and you turn it around
you're so cute
you know that
cute the booty hey hey dude dee dee dee
dee-dee-dee didn't didn't did it did it
did it did it did it did it did it
boom boom boom boom boom Darrin
devastated that I little teddy bear oh
all right what you get in there wish it
I'm machinery there hey what come on
okay neva Venus whoo it's the Red Room
the Red Room of doom
you either write my move to hold on to
media that's not making the Red Room of
doing for a minute oh okay it's a white
room of whites brightness okay media and
yeah maybe I listen to me
okay seemed to me very carefully come
over here okay no no no no listen to me
I heard today okay no no listen this is
our this is very good
today somebody called me and they say
that they think they saw blankie bear on
his way here oh okay right on the road
here I think blankie bear might be
making his way here might be coming back
without be very exciting haha so go to
sleep tonight but maybe tomorrow morning
you might get a treasure and trail my
left crews can go back for who find the
clues yeah Oh what
check the clues and we look around and I
think my being was a fine
thank you there because he might be or
he might be at the end of the change
she'd be excited to see thank you very
again it's been so long yeah how well do
you know what you have to say say thank
you to all your friends what that is is
okay all the Jessica's out there but
you're getting tanked know if it wasn't
for all our friends okay because we
asked them to help us find blankie bear
and all of our friends put the word out
and blankie bear I think he heard that
you only came for him I think it's like
you buy a boy or girl cat sorry girl
like to Reza girl so she I think she had
so you never know maybe tomorrow and
come back you could be reunited
there's no fidgets bitters coming okay
all right okay no yeah if you say if you
say that people are going to send
picture spinners to the PIO box
so do you not old about okay we're good
day it can go anywhere bad okay yeah hi
hi there hi there do not stand fidget
spinners to the PS do it good so far no
no get into that bed
get into bed who is this who is this
imposter once a possible okay Israeli
culture friends we've been so busy
seeing loads of other things yeah
did you go to my special just now I've
got to be lazy ain't good for you you
drank a navy I guess my dose of spring
can just add pieces
it is hideous
so
