while my sunshine my only sunshine you
make me happy when times of blue don't
take my sunshine away is I don't have
time so I've got a good old water here
yes boiling hot overexposed water cuz I
love to watch you guys comment about how
you probably saying to yourself javis
did you edit this up wrong
you went from here to the car not really
we cooked to you driving on the motorway
making up silly jokes and songs for us
or back here now guys could make it
I went around the corner from where we
live and the car just like slid right
across the road and like into a big tree
60 there was no tracks on the road I was
like first second do anyway is that the
reverse gear because it's a slow
traction Penant gear I managed to use
reverse to get back in a reverse way
back into our complex but it's crazy out
there guys let me hit like -18
like maybe m-maybe you hardcore
Canadians or who from Alaska or
somewhere like Rosie's hoorah black dude
- 18 is quite a humid day actually well
- 18 in Ireland is quite surprising
because I think I say just come back
guys I think this was the Ice Age 2.0 or
something that isn't a neo and there's
ice everywhere because people don't put
more ice water my god well I don't know
what it is but I just couldn't get her
in the corner which is very surprising
great surprising I like house waiting
hike I think I was in like second gear
like T's has rats or Turner for it like
you just do with no traction on the
roads I just let it pass the road so um
I'm gonna maybe wait a few hours or see
what happens later on my toe out a
little bit or something laughs I don't
know but this is crazy it's crazy y'all
you guys ever had that situation where
you got stuck somewhere because of the
ice
although you know you kind of think you
well I didn't too bad I'm stuck with the
family could be worse could be stuck in
work being stuck humor who probably be a
lot worse you mean stuck at home do you
agree with me do you agree with my
statement do you agree with my statement
I just finished a video noise there was
another noise there was noise from the
fireplace which is right beside me here
it felt like someone something was
falling I don't think it is and I could
hear it it was like I think it's another
bird if you've seen other videos of ours
another video we had this problem there
was a crow in our fireplace cuz he fell
down the chimney it's so stupid
because whoever like owns these houses
or whatever this isn't a real fire this
is like a gas fire so there's absolutely
no need for that chimney like it should
be blocked off or whatever it's not a
real working one but this is ridiculous
Oh God
I'm really scared
maybe you got out
but there was definitely something there
Aaron
who is Jonathan
so maybe it got itself out when I was
making my video
and you don't know Jonathan's back now
okay
tell him what happened and then we'll
see who's fanners Oh flick got out you
see up here yeah well maybe you made
that yeah I must have cuz there was
definitely something there it must have
because when we got and then I heard
tweeting it right like after it stopped
or whatever I heard like tweeting
outside oh that was gonna be another fun
rescue
what's your crazy on about which crazy
about josephus get some sausages
you ain't this thank you a whole week in
the whole night give me Colin I'm
leaving home tomorrow
you're warm
oh you know in there he noses right in
there whoa whoa tzer's five take a
picture in the vlog ADIZ I'm shooting
with a Canon EOS 550d it's like a small
5d exam it's got a CMOS sensor it's got
a crop CMOS sensor for my magic card at
the lens I'm using a 50 millimeter with
a f-stop of 1.8 which is good for low
lighting conditions you see my sensor
this shoots the the whites that are very
high-end it's got a shutter speed I
think like two two two four eight at the
moment we're shooting 180 F 2.8 an ISO
of 100 in these particular conditions
because the white that's outside is
illuminating a direct indirect a direct
indirect illumination of the setting so
that's just a rundown some photography
information yo snap them nice guys sure
I cannot get out of my head and this is
probably only relevant to people in
Ireland because other people are not
gonna have a clue what I'm saying but 50
transmitted see I have a horse outside
hey you guys check that song and YouTube
it's got like three million views it's
crazy but it's so funny I don't know
it's like your first watching thinking
like this is silly you know with the
spar bugs in their face and stuff but
then after a couple ago is you're like
you know it's what self walking range
like 50 throws a myth
not cars sorry suebian you know I don't
know well it's just really funny and I
can't stop singing it and it's taking my
head and stuck in my head I don't know
if any Irish people outside I bet you I
bet you you know about the Rubberbandits
they are so funny if you don't know
about them check out my youtube just
type in River Bandits they're like oh
it's either viral at the moment because
a virus of like ray william johnson will
cover you not like a small little thing
like a cat thing or something you know
but this is just like it's not like a
parody music video type of thing they're
funny they're really funny and i think
it might be sort of an NGO to irish
people because the from Limerick but
it's at Jacob my anyway they're really
really funny
so my Christmas elves are the problem is
supposed to write this morning from a
UPS and the UPS people are like Oh sir
that'll come between 9:00 a.m. and 7:00
p.m. which guys is quite a long time to
wait but you guys have a wait for a
package since you feel like my package
will never arrive well it's my package
I've ordered a package I always take it
like the tracking thing you're like you
can live track it sir you're like okay
this is in transit well that's not very
live tracking because you're just
basically telling me it is moving
fantastic it's moving moving where is is
like left Paris France they got off to
Dresden features mine and left resto and
went over to the UK and now it's in
Ireland and where is it where did they
try like the brown UPS bans am I looking
for a bribe UPS man or did it like
subcontract it out to something but
every Vantage eyes by I'm like him he's
slowing down
no I wasn't him guys as a name it's like
waiting for Santa Claus I'm like yes
it's not him it wasn't him Portland's
polite one time oh do you think the fans
go faster do you think the song does it
go faster turn that beep off guys Nina
was singing a song there I tried the
film around the slide but it did not
work nor I the next wild vowels are
probably going to feature inside the
house I didn't even make it to the
studio today
is it so crazy out there - 18 like then
there's a special news report tonight
and the crazy - no even Simon was saying
that like there's never like a massive
amount of snow is falling around the
country it's so crazy
oh yeah brother the floof sitting back
the sailor on that no right I thought it
was really funny because Eric who was
saying that she got like the day off
skewered or something like that and
someone was saying like isn't it funny
how like in my Canada I'll ask you
something I like here in art and free
time let me start the story here and
hearten we got like three inches of snow
and the kids get like a week off from
school and then in like Canada they get
like three feet of snow and they might
get off an hour earlier it's like we're
not prepared for this but like all the
airports in a minute like shut down and
everything it's like it's crazy friend
of mine a nasty he M he flew over to
Guernsey there a few a few days ago with
his wife because they were gonna go to
this dinner party and you know we're
like already shouldn't go like you might
get stuck so anyway he went to try and
get back on Sunday and the airport's
closed and then he went that Monday
morning in the airport's closed so he
managed to get up to live
whoo Airport and that was closed when he
went Manchester that was close so he's
been stuck in the UK for like a couple
of days now as far as I think this
morning he got actually to Belfast today
he's got to get a bus now from Belfast
to Dublin all because he wanted to try
and go to a dinner in Guernsey why don't
we land here kids don't go to dinners
and girls me Farini now time for some
tea piling for a cup of the hip is that
it didn't stop right folks got the
upload on the go it's time to put some
shipshape into the shape sugar because
from Kristallnacht so I know Annie
nikhat me but I'm gonna have to have the
room prepared for its arrival bus guys
give her get like bored of the way
things are set up does that make any
sense you know it's like when I was
younger I'd have my bed over one side of
the room and then you have like your
chances drawers over the other side of
the room or you know you'd have like
your study area some of that you ever
wanted like every few months I don't
know I I get like that every month on
all right let me just try a different
like I've been icing joy sitting here
with the desk in the screen and their
wardrobe okay I've enjoyed the way
things are but I'm curious to see how
things would work in a different
scenario you know but let's let's move
that over there and let's move that over
there and push this over here and change
this and just oh just to see how it
feels it may feel better it may feel
worse no but you know do you guys ever
do that cuz I sure do I do indeed
hello there is the winter solstice you
guys want to check out the moon it's a
totally awesome let me just turn off the
light here so you can get the full
impact it's not so cool I don't know
that that's good enough
hey maybe I'll get the telescope hey
that worked last time yeah see that
looks more like the Sun oh let me try
and turn the macro on do you think it's
amazing looking it just doesn't come out
in the vlog as cool as it is in real
life nice something cool because ice
trying to take some photographs right
check this is GPI mode yeah we did that
and somebody what you're gone i can
assume you guys can see absolutely
nothing we just look down here look what
I found in here what's wrong with your
tail Oh
you can't roll over potatoes by the way
dad I'll by the way look at you two
that's my face right oh the pasta we go
to cook the pasta they cook the pasta we
go hey ups yep ups guys ups have ruined
Christmas yeah we were weighted between
9 a.m. and 7 p.m. for a delivery Oh
delivery did not arrive no no well we
waited hmm you know the website says I'm
delivery tracking information order
system delivery will be on time and
delivered today do you guys see delivery
Fleischer's Chicken Shack and don't see
the delivery that makes me a little bit
poopy pants
ok so I've just realized that it it is
18 million to 7 so they've 18 minutes
they have 18 minutes and let's see in
the next 18 minutes is Matt you're gonna
happen because maybe magic is gonna
happen people we're gonna have a magical
time then we're gonna have a magical
time would you like to have a magical
time when guys got five more minutes and
some have it every what are you guys
having for dinner today we're having
some pasta the meeting with chicken
and bacon and sort of a tomato but Tia
whatever sauce almost crystal
we got a Snuggie on yeah that's naughty
but me not to be confused with Snooki
from Jersey Shore you don't want to be
wearing a Snuggie unless you've got a
delivery from UPS you be stupid that's
what it is U is for untimely Parcel
Service that's what they are useless
did you have a nice pasta boys you can
eat it all you need the rest I'll stuff
it in your nose I will stuff it so far
up you know that rebel that you're evil
my Christmas present is probably stuck
in some airport in Germany
Anna's Christmas present which was
hopefully gonna get tomorrow because you
did try to buy that in line but it
couldn't get here but you know whose big
present and all small presents haven't
been bought well be heir his presence
already bought and we have none and he
has no idea
and then you get the peanut I love you
guys never do that they were like put
wax in your finger just leaving Peter up
I remember last summer I'm wearing a
donkey I got sunburned try and pour the
aloe vera and stuff I think it was like
one of our first blocks or something man
yeah oh you know what I don't think it
was a blogger who's funny when I was
making vlogs but they weren't
necessarily daily loved but anyway she
poured out of here or oatmeal aired it
up and then spend like hours after it's
just peeling me down right why is it
guys we came up with this concept right
this is our Christmas content because we
added two daily blocks right one other
idea was on Christmas Day I'm gonna edit
the daily vlog after we do like our
gifts and stuff so on think we obviously
know what our pay presents were for each
other because we just like pick them
basically as we all know mine is not
arrive until after Christmas at this
stage so come Christmas Eve we're going
to set a porch it right we're both gonna
go in 200 shopping centers on Christmas
Eve and it will go what's he gonna set a
budget right we're gonna go in through
shopping center when I say I meet back
in like an hour we're gonna split up
with that punch it in our hands let me
go around and get each other like loads
and loads of little stuff and then
because I won't see it till after so
after we were sleeping stuff down at the
blog but for you guys will be totally
curious because I'm gonna get a mature
blog now I think she's gonna bring
America with her but the two of them
will walk off and Dale flog and then
I'll vlog and then I'll intertwine all
the footage and edit it up and it'll
probably be like you'll get to see what
we were thinking no what were you
thinking when we're actually buying it
and stuff it'll be totally awesome I
don't know I think it's kind of cool
because you'll get that one
Christmas Day so I'll be like are our
Christmas special I don't know leave me
some comments let me know what you guys
think is that like a totally super
awesome idea say choke us space that is
a totally see how awesome idea space
return manifest so guys as is coming up
to Christmas okay and this is my first
Christmas spending it with you guys I've
decided that javis is gonna give you
guys a Christmas present I'm gonna give
it to one person now I'm not gonna tell
you what her bad it is today with
children tomorrow and in tomorrow's vlog
I'll explain all the terms and
conditions and details about how you can
win yourself a Joker's Christmas present
from me to you on Christmas you will
receive the present on Christmas Day
it's not something that needs to be sent
via magical snail mail Poland is
something that I can do on the internet
and you can receive it directly fairly
quickly so I say no more I don't really
want to talk about in today's long
because I wanted to make a big deal
about it tomorrow so tune in tomorrow
and I will tell you guys how you can win
yourself something awesome poodels
howdy
