oh goodness I just recorded about five
or six minutes their footage and he
didn't record it record it all guys it's
like you text me a little bit I was
sitting there talking the whole time and
that whole time it wasn't recording at
all oh goodness
so let me just summarize I said good
morning it is Monday morning it's the
Christmas morning of the Monday which is
like Christmas week it's still snowing
it's not selling okay let me correct
that it's not snowing but there is snow
in the ground there's no snow at his
motorway which is a little bit upsetting
or highway or whatever way you call it
there's nothing here so it's kind of
upsetting but there is snow everywhere
and there is ice everywhere so it is
kind of like a white Christmas because
it's Christmas week right the other
thing I thought about was I'm gonna go
through dentists today because that's
temporary credit I got a just go you
know well the key word and that is
temporary so it comes the Christmas now
and I want to eat loads and loads of
sweets and cakes that put in
food and stuff I don't want to be
interrupted with the words pain in the
entire world which is a two day so I'm
gonna try and go preemptively and get it
that today can you guys ever leave the
dentist to like the last minutes of your
like crying with pain in their life okay
I'm going to the dentist now I was
always that like I never ever get it
done in two like I was like that's it I
was like I was on like 50 paracetamol a
day like I know like you think he knows
you can see a dentist and you guys did I
believe for walkies and I'm really
scared because yesterday I don't know if
he'll be able to see there are our steps
going up to our house our apartment and
yesterday Johnson and I were like
slipping and slithering all over the
place they are lethal like whatever was
there like the snow or whatever has
melted and turned to ice and yesterday I
fell him to a bush so I'm really scared
I don't want to fall but I'll be needs
to be take him for a walk so he really
wants to go so we're gonna braise the
outdoors so wish us luck
hope that we don't kill ourselves and
see you on the flip side we've made it
so far
I got branches stuck in my hair because
a tronic walk on the grass and there's
like a row of trees on the grass and I
got basically stuck and wind so frosty
and I see it's scary
see I'm not walking on the path but I'll
be fine because he's got four little
legs I have to see this here
that's the worst that's like melted snow
that's not it into ice and last year I
slipped
basically on that stuff and I was
carrying we were living in Dublin time
was carrying Alvie were walking to the
car and I was carrying him in his bed
because sometimes if who do like long
journeys we bring his little bed in the
car and I slipped
totally like that you know I just went
flying my legs just like gave way from
underneath I'm so sore I was like oh my
I guess you could say like lower back
I'm the scariest thing why's that we're
right beside a main road I'll be this
way I go to the park later we're on a
main road and you know I fell as I
dropped in drop out the actually I was
pretty good I had him looks like my main
priority the way I fell I fell with just
him like in my arms and not didn't that
didn't change because I was avoiding him
in the basket and like I fell on my back
so but he ended up jumping out of his
bed and I was like in shock I was in the
state of shock and I just looked over I
remember looking over at him Janabi was
just like standing there no leads
nothing on the book path and there were
cars going past I'll I was just like oh
my god but I was like I felt like I was
paralyzed for a couple of seconds I
think I was winded but it was scary so I
don't want that to happen again this
year because it's not nice
so I'm added a dentist's that wasn't too
difficult guys so it's all filled and
now permanently forever well I'm on our
ah right back to the studio we go my max
a little bit numb so I probably sound a
little bit funny this entire side of my
face is numb I am numb I have numbness
in my face
I have a numb face we made it any broken
bones no broken bones no broken hips no
nothing no injuries we're quiet we made
it we just kept the grass didn't we you
were good there was a higher than
anybody in today is that right everybody
else's lazy these were sacrifices I make
for my son so I kind of worried because
um come here because remember I didn't
know if you were watching this flaw at
the vlogs last week but last Tuesday
Albie was supposed to get his hair cut
and um he didn't because his mommy was
stupid and she forgot that's me and so
he didn't get his hair cut but she his
groomer was really nice and
accommodating and she gave us an
appointment for the next week which is
tomorrow now so he's supposed to going
at half past 9:00 in the morning
tomorrow which is pretty early
considering the fact that okay
considering the fact that there's spice
on the roads and the earlier the the
worse it is so I don't know because
Jonathan can't drive him in because he
has
you go to work and my mom actually would
probably do it like that but I don't
know see he's going in an office
opposite he's going in the opposite
direction so yeah and my mom really is
not confident about driving on the icy
roads which is like kind of fair enough
I wouldn't either
and yeah I can't drive so I don't know
what we're gonna do and that's the only
appointment that she can fit him in
before Christmas and I really wanted him
to be caught before Christmas because
he's getting pretty long that right look
what Albie does at a certain time every
day well every day that his dad news and
Mark
he was scratching at the door earlier he
knows it's about six o'clock or yeah
it's almost six o'clock so it's a bad
time that his daddy comes home daddy
oh I see daddy
I see daddy I don't think she sees us
can you guys see no just oh yeah what's
that
who that oh yeah one right ready dad
who's that are you there
like five minutes to six
he was waiting at the door already
scratching at it he took a bit longer
than normal guys I have totally failed
at my husband calendar
okay because I've got like one two three
four days open and today I think it's
the 21st of December so that didn't
really work out as well as I kind of
have plans I had this whole concept
little idea of will all open it together
and then like most things I got
distracted
whatever hey guys did you know that I
don't know is the global thing but from
Ireland tomorrow morning between 7:00
and 9:00 13 there's going to be a lunar
eclipse and tomorrow in Ireland which is
today for the day do it in the vlog your
best if you didn't see this morning is
um tomorrow is the darkest day or
shortest day of the year
learning it's the darkest day maybe the
shortest day be here or something like
that you know what it's gonna like
change to start getting brighter or
something something along those lines I
don't know Who am I to deny my little
loved one yogurt Oh a yogurt Oh turtle
yo yo
I didn't snow again today so no more
meltus than it was yesterday
whatever the melts whatever it all melts
and we're just having another Christmas
without the snow that will be not the
way to go
take your spoon my son is flavor oh you
can all become corner it's crunchy I set
you up for your bail sorry about that
mmm watch this now
he's effector I'm telling you he's a
partner I watch do you love Alby I like
to say I love you the most in the world
we didn't solve for the tea guys mean
the tea songs we got a copy song we got
bagels on we are doing song we sometimes
have a meaty song Christmas song if a
walk song keeps up their bulk song
little bitty song feel any the T sound
the song that conjures up 2 cup of tea
I'm beginning a cup of tea to day T to
be T duty making a cup of tea to day
gonna drop it in my cup try again in my
cup for my car so you let it go
put the hot water and away we go would
you like a cup of tea would go faster
day we'll have a TM would be okay
alright cup of tea you enjoy yesterday
you have a cup of tea you can be okay
would you like a cup of tea with your
first day your way
