if you guys haven't checked that right
hello what's my owner down for Joey
channel and check out my will.i.am check
it out our party cuz I think it's kind
of funny just remembered yesterday in
the vlog I was talking about not
understanding the lyrics and I thought
you know what why don't we just go ahead
and make a fun video about Deena's in
here thumbnail it Tom Merritt you doing
a hair tutorial
also we just like to say thank you to
Samantha but you know what I'm not
saying thank you because a few man-woman
if I'm not good enough when you give me
a chatter huh oh yeah keep awaiting the
girls huh no right whatsoever magazine
down a magazine you travel company a
company I'm in a company magazine over
there in the old macho
to friends but I'm not a friend I'm just
like some Twitter person that you tweet
style javis back oh my god Oh be like
the best ever bag
hey guys yesterday I want to talk about
how to look as cool as me it's pretty
simple
you can't tough luck tune in next time
where I'm talking about I don't know you
know what time it is
Oh No sometimes sometimes you manage to
cut the bagels like so badly it's like
you've got one massive tick side and one
tiny squeaky little side I don't like
when that happens just reminded me
somebody said to me on the comment toes
how come I am NOT putting the day number
in the name of the video because guys
every time I needed videos how many
times have I got it wrong and then
someone's that the comment and then I
thought they gonna make it right again
cuz sometimes I kind of remembering like
I got regular and edit and producing so
I was like why don't I just go ahead in
the description bar because then once I
upload the video I can call it something
because just call it like fun times of
Java's you watch the blog and then
underneath it will be the day named a
thing if you see below in the
description bar I have the day thing cuz
I can go back in later on and plop that
in I just thought because sometimes it's
like the title of the video is kind of
like you know a small brief summary you
know like that's what it's about
sometimes you've got like a thingy at
the end paralyzed oh so I took a thing
you know put that there at the bottom so
you just read it like five times each of
us unique it's a fun time with jovis and
you watch it because it's a fun time
were jokers between you and me it's also
a trick because I'm trying to cheat
people to come and watch my video and
get more subscribers but don't tell
anyone okay keep it between you and me
okay
ready go up there crazy crazy down I was
just sitting here and I could just hear
all this noise behind me or nothing on
and I knew if I actually took get the
camera made a big deal that he just sent
his stuff so I was like I just like
lumber and see what the little munchkin
is up to I love that guy how many Star
Alliance does it take to change a light
bulb
she is so freezin so freakin freezing
are you freezing - oops right the sole
oh oh yes screwing you can't just put an
on screw one into a screw in doesn't
matter brandy guys you by Nader type
where they always hang when it knows
short Sunday sort suddenly seem to
shorten they saw a couple of hours ago
you were sitting there with different
clothes on for you before
yes that's the dedication show beautiful
Oh links at the end of the video click
on the one that's over this side I'm
gonna click on this one really yeah
that's my parody you guys watch my song
and the Joe fusses channel if you have
not what are you doing
 see chickens o'clock and Zeke
look there's a Lincoln in this video or
just killed transitory deep chairman I'd
be down any minute comment and way
favorite fans stop going to make a cup
of cheese Sunday tea I don't see we
having a Sunday we're not this one
because we don't go to sleep
- reading show guys so recently I have
been playing online with a lot of
subscribers because just so happens that
if you've got PlayStation Network
ideating go ahead and add me on the
PlayStation Network my name is Johnson
Joey lock me up
cuz I we've been playing hard a lot of
zombies without card G's office it
you've been a lot of fun a lot of fun
so if you've got em PSN network probably
if you guys got right if you have black
ops and you got the hardness of prestige
one and you got the extra zombie maps
because most people don't play with
don't actually have the zombie map so
you can go into the oil salami maps with
the upgraded weapons I'd like to do that
add me and tell me I have the maps
choppers I want to play all I'll have a
microphone have a microphone to you so
we can so we can converse converts
things is important if you know what I'm
talking about and hang in there boy
those present my computer games that's
okay because games are important so just
for that t-there marinate away can you
guess which ones for Anna
can you believe it is Christmas week
it's the week of crystal math so if you
celebrate Christmas oh my goodness how
did that happen d hate shelling that
mofo from across the waters will get
Nina her present will get you present
you always get the best friends
you should have Nina questions at Warm
Springs rejects that I don't have a
foreign spring twitter twitter people i
think i sign too much in his well today
yeah yeah you have so you know i always
wants to make you're always gonna get
one of these sort of slow ones because
we can't be too much fun every day plus
it's money versus money how christmas
which means most people probably finish
school to work and stuff by now like two
or three weeks or even have to go
through the studio i can't just like
spend my time with you guys you mean all
of you guys all of you guys what's up
guys i put it in twitter and facebook
but I don't know if you saw it because
you may not like me on Twitter and
Facebook
oh what's your problem what's your
problem so am I have like six thousand
five hundred or something like that
subscribers oh no perhaps having hasn't
subscribers by the end it here me
up if you're watching this and you have
not subscribed clicking the subscribe
button
do us a favor a flavor over here she's
going 39,000 you guys are into that kind
of thing
thousand people are but the best people
in the world and subscribe
yeah midnight walk with a big tease
Alba cutsies Alba God sees that what
we're all because she's honest unless a
new night we decided to bring he'll be
up because he was making his intentions
known
so we've decided to make it in America
just to see the end of the snow it
hasn't snowed today guys but as you can
see it's literally snowing
I'm hoping that I'd say that's the
remnants of a snowball fight looks like
they might have come from the snowman
there and has come off with the perfect
way walk in the snow of you're wearing
those leathery under treats
what's the technique here my shadows
blocking yourself yeah we're always
father will be a really good viral go on
I fear tomorrow guys over the end of
will be the end of the snow time so
trying to get the maximum out of it but
I know all the guys who are having like
50 million inches of snow or I curse
them to snow but you know andand we
usually get quite mild wetter you know
it rain is cold it's kind of sunny it's
never anything too dramatic and either
end of the scale but it's just because
the white faces will be pretty cool so
all this by the way about four days four
days there's no five days okay so five
five more days of the snow and then
we're gonna have a white Christmas it's
gonna be totally awesome the redness
yeah
don't you want the present
