a little fender class better film yeah
all right
this is snowman over here some guys
built last night but I was watching
these girls night walking home about one
o'clock and they kicked this head off
I know but they kicked his head out
Junius eat happy it's the best Christmas
ever
put a jacket on a minute okay we go over
time you probably didn't see most of
this last night because it was pitch
dark
what oh boy it's so beautiful isn't it
okay I like beautiful is the snow and
the Sun where Z must be different people
come on Santa Santa Paws
it's nice it's the best kind perfect
traction this would be so good is it
snowy you are guys look at that isn't
that beautiful
I'm such a naturist today
where's funny Joker's I'm a sponge overs
I like to all videos better I think you
are foolish you can't go around kicking
snowland approval because I got you
other people who are watching even
yesterday's video or today's video and
they're like why are you so excited
about we that's know every single day or
snow is Thank You P it's not like
especially in the south yeah yeah wait
answer and whenever we do get snow it's
not the kind of snow like this it's not
powdery fluffy snow snow ever yeah yeah
yeah maybe this big snow it's the best
or whatever it's like whenever you eat
that whenever you go like I used to go
skiing like up to where's ur and throw
or are any other places when you get
like this beautiful powdered snow this
is what it's like this is like ski
slopes no oh my god Hannah puppy puppy
king of walking off pizza once you told
you had a cheese cake yesterday and you
said she's gonna extra long walk yeah
with you it's never actually
I did I had pizza for breakfast today
pizza for breakfast actually see the
little bits you can't actually see where
dupatta
okay here I'm really tall nice so that's
it isn't it so pretty looking no they're
pumping at fake snow it's pissing people
off because there's real snow on the
ground they're like what are you doing
is it like with a ho ho
boy guys he does always so wait I think
I just got the sandy Sudan they wouldn't
see him sometimes when you guys heard
the Nicki Minaj song with that guy I am
bill Padme so it puts it on I have no
idea what she says I like I was sitting
there like okay okay I get it up to the
point thinking that other song at the
start you know and he comes in he's all
like cool dude but then she starts
singing I'm like how do you see I got a
rucksack I got I do somebody got that
girl I get the rock second number and no
idea like as I got is do you like Lady
gaga
this girl's like Lady Gaga is pronounced
herbalist
I don't let me comment if you if you
don't understand it leave me a comedy
with you understand please explain to me
what she is saying because am I just
like out of the loop or something my
design
to uncool to uncool for school is anyone
so he's kind of like is this I think
I've seen this before we're not sure
to get some munchies some juice
would you like to come on a Saturday
night to Wilma's house to get some
munchies just you one sing sing it sing
a song yes this is my planet let me go
right we'll turn around I bet my slider
ender ender better I get nowhere
I'm coming right back because I can't
get that around I bet there's no way I'm
getting over there I'm Esther how the
house without obviously scaring the crap
and risking my life and you know what as
much as I really want to last you it's
not that's nice guys today after sinks
failed attempts with videos but process
I would send you to pause hey I'm going
to do touch problem is that's not
working maybe twisted off
I told you I know
yeah
go anywhere bye welcome we seem to be
one extra man here
what do you think yay hey it's good idea
what you wanna get now we pour cards if
you get a fight 100 ranges okay yeah
I'll put them in we're getting that for
how these for Christmas guys yeah we
can't get it we can't do it and we're so
glad I know we'll go home it is like
look around senior toys are here
shopping for kids is so much more fun
than shopping for adults
I can just hear you on now yes I know
LG's not a child with like come on where
we've established we treat him like a
child
okay okie OTO tears she don't want a
brown bag of empty brown box have you
brown box
I do like an empty box to be honest
actually wine dinner for tomorrow
actually may not go to Tesco tomorrow
that's just so you can make some special
baby where you going
I obviously have a man this before right
there that's the one what do you want
and then I just put it oh yeah some
blueberries
you know exactly we sell strawberries at
this time in here
we're taking blueberries super 500 at
resume it's cool you get tons and resume
and that's really cheap boom
I don't really mind whatever you get I
just kind of leech off you okay that's
what a support friends do they take
whatever their girlfriends have oh my
god guys I was in here like a week or so
ago okay Lucina it just pushed me I
pushed it you have to see what happens
this is so loud please in and around
just push me that would drive Alvey
insane but like literally everyone
turned her and because it's so loud
weird
they got no shampoo in Cusco guys focus
the groan the ad looks like she's having
a good old time maybe one wrong side
let's go to the next one let's move on
go team I think I'll vacancies guys we
have to hide his presence no a sincere
can you see him
you see and if I could occur excited I
think you can see the shape spider and
you can actually see us
