today we are at the Jacqueline's tunnel
in cart and we are going to tipperary
it's a long way to tipperary it's a long
way to separate guys I don't need a long
way to tipperary it's a really rainy day
so don't forget guys today's video is
super super duper important so don't
forget to like it and favorite it and
share it on your Facebook and share it
on your Twitter and share it on your
sharing this baby shared the email to
all your friends thank God for this
thank you thank you mister iPhone maker
man because if it wasn't for you we'd be
lost
yeah we're taking this hospital you said
you had to go through a hospital same
thing we know so foggy in a town called
the square it's a square and Faja
someone needed to go peepees there's a
big field fee Alvie we're having a pee
pee stop we're almost there I think it's
something like 2 kilometers now 15 or 10
kilometers up the road we're here in the
town but as you can see no service no
service and the iPhone you got service
no service on the iPhone guys so this is
making our adventure a little bit more
devious while driving to actually find
some reception for the phone we actually
managed to see a sign for a pause so uh
I guess we're here well somewhere right
here you have to wait there okay little
guy you won't be long
fortune you can't bring Albion at the
moment
table
yeah
yeah
so sad to see this guy's head light and
then one day to just woke up and they're
sent somewhere else and like hair along
with most these guys being here so
pretty much if you didn't take these
from the boys in England that you're
Santa Paws will be work alongside two
different companies there and they
rehomed them from over there as well so
that's really good yeah
cuz they have bigger you know bigger
area
No
yeah
plain
but is an extreme you know okay would
you like you mean I've never actually
gotten close so grand before cuz you
know we know when I can't mean it like
in an urban area
anyone you got him you are do you know
all their names anyone here that is
underway out like it's gonna be like oh
yeah yeah
yeah
and then there's big bill there is no us
it received Matthews yeah so if it's dry
day maybe I get better than today to be
out there
graceful nor in the rain especially
degree yeah
that's already faces
No
hardly compared to like our little guy
Alby look at this guy he's so cute is
that even a shader you inspect the
property
faces yes sad they look that doesn't
make you donate to the charity nothing
you have no heart
yeah
yeah I said don't
so the rest of it had to be shaken
buckets sponsor a dog people send in
donations all that kind of stuff because
I have people being like Oh negative
courts people like actively you know
going out there and generating yeah you
get a lot of abuse for a first rate
fundraiser but I mean what is supposed
to exactly what are you doing you paying
for this like you know I mean this
building and I know I know the biller
didn't see us coming but this building
cost 250
and he located me just saying you can
see three weeks ago where in Tesco's and
we bought the little paws don't you get
the dolphin it's on
yeah I'm fundraising but if you don't do
for it yeah did you do
six six or seven seventeen there's two
it's probably a one day and the same
week we've got the end the pituitary
jobs from that town yeah
hey you be could be nice and light
nothing gets done you know I mean if you
could get more than you'd have more
houses and more bigger and more
I can see soon
the dogs were so he build the little
sunshades but it seems to have worked
because yeah so you can leave them
outside during the day like when they
should come out in turn and then the
girls bring some of the greyhounds out
here and they dip them they run around
but they have to be supervised today we
do have which we would love to put
greyhound gallops in but again is that
what greyhounds naturally want to do I
mean it's already got much speed in here
yeah and you have I called a joining
fields stop dear learner as you can see
very very wet the whole idea like there
it is the plans we had the plans we have
are sort of you know to guess as this
attack a stray puppy isolation we were
going to put doubt in here in this
corner and a kasseri because of this
huge
Department of Agriculture last year when
they give up the end of the year they
asked us one more OT Feiner lovely
children
oh yeah that's Corinne if it came in
here about two years ago she was brought
into our Mets she was destroyed as you
can see with main she'd open sores all
over her Lea the body she was only about
three months old and we decided that
against affecting the advice we would
treat her we wouldn't put it to sleep
and the results is there I'm at home now
and I'm just editing up the footage for
the video to put up tomorrow I noticed
that the sound of the dogs barking um
was a lot louder then you can actually
hear the people talking so there's times
when you might be able to hear them I
hope you guys can see past that and if
you listened attentively you'll get the
message but I think it's more of a
visual presentation of what's needed
here the paws Center do wonderful job
and it is an ongoing cycle and there is
there they were telling me I don't know
how much of it you were able to hear but
a couple of points were when the dog
pound went a dollar stray dog is found
in Ireland they take them into the pound
and they have five days I'm within five
days if no one claims the dog or so
like paws doesn't come and take the dog
they actually put the dog down today or
five days can you imagine five days is
all they give them and that's why that
place is full and you know while we were
standing there talking to her her phone
never stops ringing someone came to the
door with a box of puppies someone else
came by with another job people are
constantly trying to offload the animals
to them because it's just it's a cycle
and just never ends like only two days
ago a shipment of dogs went out and yet
when we go out there the whole place was
jam-packed and there's even dogs and
crates so there's no room guys they need
your support and I hope the you know the
Blood Brothers community and a whole
community on YouTube can can watch Mike
this video as well and you know draw
some awareness to the fact that you know
the whole world is coming under
financial strain and pressure and
economic doom and gloom but you know
what all the foundations that are out
there helping the humans and I'm not at
the human I love the humans humans are
good hope humans what I'm just saying
you know the little guys they need a
voice too and they never really get to
speak up for themselves so I hope I hope
this my my contribution to the project
for awesome drawing awareness to the
charity paws the website is pause
Donaghy the Facebook and the Twitter I
will put in the description bar below
you can go to a website paulist√£o to eat
and you can actually go to sponsor a dog
I think you can buy some merchandise you
know like you say that you know her her
vet bill is like 30 tabs and euros or
something and that's like you know it's
not gonna stop its gonna just keep going
next one's gonna go up it's gonna go up
it's gonna go up and you know they have
a complete no dog they do not kill any
of the dogs they will try their hardest
to save the dog and that's very
expensive you know and feeding them and
and housing them and you know it's like
I can't speak enough you know hope I
hope the video did go to post REE check
it out and guys rate this video and
share this video put it in Twitter put
her in Facebook and and go and see any
other any other project for awesome
video so you can all probably because
I'm gonna name this project for us and
you look in the side of the videos all
the other suggested video
I work on my project for us in 2010
subscribe rate them and subscribes it
ham and like them and favorite them and
you know let's let's do what we plan to
do a project for awesome let's take over
you too
