he did something to her back she yeah
she's kinda weight of the world on her
shoulders or something and she tried to
do it proud to make it all better
surprisingly enough yeah which way is it
been it's cuz you've been working on the
book so much you being bent over a
laptop that's why when I'm in work guys
because I work here in the studio I'm
always working on computers and stuff I
make sure that I have a good there's a
word for it I just thought about the
word oh no no no postures there's the
type of a charity you can get that
aligns with your back to make sure your
shoulders are stretched and you're in an
upright position and you're not alright
when you're when you're sitting at the
computer but you know I bent over it
because when your shoulders bent over
it's not good for you to pause what
about when you're walking my posture
when I walk are you guys saw my mom my
mother is e so she got up to unders
Wednesday morning hello this is a
Thursday morning for you and we'll
actually be on our way to tipperary
take us through the pause pause paper
looking for Jahnavi you knows you have
allergies oh you no idea it has no idea
as it is a frosty morning apparently the
weather forecast
meteorology Service said that there is a
storm coming folks
and I think you have started because it
is rosy that there was more so I just
need to add you know boil a kettle boil
the kettle to put the boiling water on
the windscreen pause the video right now
leave me a comment and say Jonathan
don't
and that's actually don't even watch the
rest of the video just assume and that's
what I have done this trick shut up
right now actually got a comment I don't
know what video has problems as I looked
at it this morning it was like oh hi
I've just done subscribes you know I
hate you and I'm not subscribing you'll
never see this so I guess you'll never
get to know that we come back actually
gonna kick - no - that username right
and every day for the rest of my life
I'm gonna watch everyone that subscribes
and I'm gonna see if I can win them back
Internet it no no no just maybe it's
because I know it is in court or
something but there's my usual car
licensee thing right
and there's the bike King what do I have
a tractors license I have a tractors
license until 20 2012 20 20
yeah why do I have a tractors license
that's what I'd like to know there
willy-nilly I think I the boys I can
even talk like the factor man
I need to get that to go at my tractor
retire and you guys have a license to
drive a tractor hi Albie
what you doing we are going for a what
oh yeah oh yeah
I don't care lucky uh yeah I've
basically just been working on my book
really good news it's finished
basically it is I got the last two
drawings drawings illustrations today
it's dangerous to me Christmas tree
lights on when you're not really every
time I start vlogging I get like a hair
like something in my teeth err yeah
there's something there so she sent the
last two illustrations today and it's
pretty much ready to go
well basically we are gonna print our
copy first and check that everything's
fine and then if it is then we will let
you guys know and it'll be available for
purchase so why am I out of breath even
exercise yet um as you can tell I didn't
perfect exercise gear perfect um and
yeah I'm gonna put all these lead on and
his little coat and we're gonna go isn't
it right you always get stuck at the
start of the walk sniffing like
sniffing he leaves me sure you don't
want to snip those he's gonna wanna me
walk I think I did something to my back
as well sighs I feel like an old lady
because I was sick for me recently and
now I'm complaining about my back what
come on sniffer come on um I think maybe
I slept funny or something
oh honey you are gonna leave comments
telling me that it's the way I'm sitting
like when I work that's a laptop a
computer or whether I'm in a bag or what
honestly I don't actually do it that
much in bed it's only like kind of want
to say care when I'm like not getting
out of the hips at all but usually I'll
work out the kitchen table which is like
better obviously for my back I don't
think it is that I think it's so just
one morning like I think with yesterday
morning I just woke up and it was kind
of store and then last night I couldn't
sleep at all so I don't know I feel like
I should do the crab or something
does that make any sense like a location
go back but that doesn't really make any
sense does it and I try doing the crab
it didn't work
hardly anybody add today actually it was
meant to get colder but for now it's
actually not that cold
actually one of the one of my neighbors
just telling me there's horses in that
field over there and apparently they
have to call animal services because
during like the time when it was really
really freezing cold and snowing they
didn't have any water or any food or
blankets or like anything just so bad so
it was really nice for and then I think
Animal Services or whatever whoever did
it left them like a bale of hay and
stuff but Nina's backhoe stills are old
brother don't think you've got your
trusty socks there we'll get you a
little walker thing you know it's funny
cuz you get so much work in the book
finished the Box finished guys do you
mean they said I can't she you said
you'd be mine I will beat you
whatever it may be a beating might be
worth it absolutely well like a million
views now
I maybe need just one to put it in the
bag Oh get in there guys don't wait take
it now
can carry anything
all the hot sausages are done because of
you but what's on my head the votes have
been counted for the cari√±ena the votes
have been counted and verified because
you guys said so I've got the Hat there
was a couple of naysayers among you
there was a couple of naysayers like
Nathan don't get that but I defied you
all that's you know my ears are nice and
toasty and that's what's important
they're kind of saggy you want to prop
them up over I got fire down there there
you go so guys we've got some super
duper news for you let me put on my
super duper hat so I can explain the
super duper news I'm a lumberjack and
I'm okay
speak polling out and I work all day I
cut down trees I wear high heel
suspenders I had a bra if you guys can
tell me to name it out song and who
wrote that song so oh goodness
what are you doing some like super duper
important news do you want a limb or
should I tell them thank you
it's the only is the only part of this
entire event that I am allowed to take
part in as well I got rocket that makes
no sense at this point guys we have set
a date for our wedding on the 1st of
September 2011 in italiano are we
excited our hotel room in the honeymoon
suite where we're staying is like a
super-duper five-star restaurant
restaurant hotel we have a swimming pool
in our room a swimming pool
it doesn't matter it doesn't matter I'm
gonna go swimming guys and your wit
isn't it crazy how like a gaff say the
sausages it's very hot here
it's the craziest things I like but like
you were gonna promise to bring the ball
all the way up to our wedding and this
is like then you guys are planning and
getting wedding getting my dear after us
you can watch our you can watch our year
you know cuz I'm coming up to New Year's
Eve now and it's the end of this year
and when it goes into news that's the
year that's the year I'm getting mine
okay mommy guys what the hell Mary and
that's the car he's getting married
what's up with that not only that she
finished your book today what kind of
Beast have you prepared for us wifey
young young young boy animals
oh what happened Nina says it's an
accident it usually means it's
catastrophic
what happened where's the meat I can't
see the meat is the meat hidden is to
meet the sky is a spinach or something
yeah oh I hate when the meat the skies
that sell her spinach clicks okay there
it is we are going to see all the little
paws tomorrow so don't forget to tune in
tomorrow and favorite the video and like
the video because the idea of the
awesome project is to get all the videos
all the front page videos on YouTube to
have the awesome totally notice
tomorrow's thumbnail it's the one that
the vlogbrothers have gone and put out
there so make sure to tune in tomorrow
and share it on Facebook share it on
Twitter share it everywhere but I'll be
telling all by tomorrow so the charity
is pause and we're so super excited and
I hope I hope we're able to help and
these one paw just one paw
