me this is too tired
this is tired I be tired me maybe tired
I am I am so tired I was up I'd like oh
I was up until like four o'clock or
something this morning and you know you
know when you're still up and you know
you have to get up in like a few hours
and then the panic sets in and once the
panic sets in there's no way you're
gonna go asleep the postman delivery
truck thing you know delivers all the
parcels and stuff he couldn't get in
past the compound gate so I got it man
and then I waited to let his like big
truck eating here so he stopped he was
like oh you don't happen to be and it
gave me some addresses it's like you
were nice to me so you know I was like
huh that was my man you were just like
giving me the parcels there and then my
impromptu wrapping
you guys have in the morning time you
know when you're getting up and you're
leaving in the morning and you sort of
repeat yourself at around the same time
every single day do you ever notice the
people that do the same thing and do you
ever use those events as time guides for
example the postman the all the postman
come to our like area thank you so in
this particular area all the post-event
advances of Oklahoma the same time so I
always know them when I see them that
that means I should be gone and I should
be leaving as they're kind of arriving
so if I see them coming it's like oh I
should be gone by now
so imagine they actually going ahead and
change their time schedule I would throw
me off a little bit also I have the
heating set to turn off at half eight so
and I always know like if the heating
turns off as heat go clean it's like I'm
not supposed to be at home all Ethan's
gone Joe who's you got supper guy
so do you guys have anything like that
you have any like when you get up
morning and you leave like do you need
to see a certain person you know a
certain person well boy like you know
the guy who has the umbrella and the
ping pilo that means I've got to be aa
you know when I was a kid I remember we
used to do things that as well like I be
observant I'd notice repetitions in
people's routines and then I spot them
and I said okay what they seem to be
like
they seem to be quite you know tidy with
the time so you know just copy them all
the time I don't know do you guys have
anything like that you ever see anything
like similar you know let me know let me
know let me commend Jose oh god I'm not
gonna make it today guys not gonna make
it I got like three and a half hours
sleep or something at the moment I'm all
buzzed up cuz I had a cup of coffee
crashing birds also these crackers I
know it I know the radio station it's
just trying to tell me who won the
princess finale last night the Irish
apprentice finale was on last night I
know when the American won a couple of
days ago but the Irish one was on last
night and I have watched it yet but I'm
pretty darn sure I'm pretty darn sure
that someone's going to tell me on the
radio television and it's red event red
you guys isn't right at them for this
day my state alone in Cork 96 I think
it's
I don't know I don't know it happened
tompa Joannie turn the focus Babu's day
morning yeah I was there to check the
radio off just in case I actually hear
it expire - clever thing to do has a
couple people had pointed out in the
past oh god I can see my own breath that
means it's cold in the car
and you guys doing the project for
awesome
or do you know what the project for
awesome is all about the old Flagg
brothers they had they've been setting
up some failures along with the victims
and the awesomeness for all the other
kind of things that nopales do well this
year we decided to get involved we read
the sakuni Jolie's decided to reach out
and help someone in need so I know Annie
yesterday was talking about the dog
foundation DWG in quote but I went ahead
and I contacted paws but she was kind of
like the dog thing but they're in
they're in temporary it's a long way to
tipperary it's a long way to go smiling
you know that time if you're not you
thinking what's this crazy bad dude
I was great man always in so on Thursday
at 17 we are gonna visit paws Center
down in a dreary
I made contact with the girl there and
we're just gonna bring our baby the
treatments gonna go to Hanna we're just
kind of like you know have a look at it
try and raise some awareness for the
little dogs and the cats
well it's pause so I'm sure it's very
anything with a paw I guess totally here
guys but there'll be more information on
that coming soon budget for awesome
awesome awesome Lee signing off
Leonard awesome voice so gnarly poor
people anyone that goes CIT knows
exactly what looks like if anyone that
doesn't that's what a sneak peek at CIT
so it was a little less exciting as the
Turner might have been the top maybe
girl might have been something else
going around being Christmassy a lot but
no place is pretty empty at the moment
so that's pretty much where an Irish
Institute neurology looks like we just
got home from our walk and I didn't vlog
anything because it is dark outside see
wouldn't have been able to see me
there's little Albie he's still got his
coat on and he is I would say that he's
wrecked tired because he played with his
little friend who is a shih tzu mommy
and she's so cute but like literally
they were like rolling around the grass
and they were going insane so that was
really cute and I'm glad you got to do
that cuz that kind of tired him out a
little bit and you want to take off your
coat
Albie we take that off
oh yeah oh my god it's so bad today
I completely forgot this is like
completely my fault
but I'll be was that she meant to go to
the groomers today and I couldn't I
completely had the date wrong like I
thought it was next week so that was
pretty bad
cuz um she called me out like I think it
was like twenty to ten and his
appointments at a half past nine and
she's like hi and I knew when she called
me I was like I just knew it that I had
messed up and thought he was supposed to
be there today so and that was so
embarrassing
but we can luckily she had a little
space for him
next week so it's actually gonna be next
week which is when I thought it was
gonna be like I literally thought it was
next next Tuesday cuz it's always gonna
Tuesday but I just got the week's messed
up yeah your hair is getting too long
mommy should have known just by looking
at you okay I can't do gonna mine now so
get go boy
oh you're such a good boy we won't be
long love you off to Tesco we've gone
today we have arrived - now it's kind of
like a past tense blog because we've all
right here already
Mohini nettles nickels they sting like
sting et honey and vanilla we get the
honey of an hour either fight I'm gonna
go crazy guys somebody I think somebody
did say something about honey and
vanilla we're gonna do it guys whoever
wise leave a comment dunk if you said
something about the honey in vanilla
because I know when you guys said some
honey in Manila shoulder you must be
careful when opening
light bulbs every light in the house is
gone guys seriously for people that like
make videos every day their lives every
single light in the house is gone so
it's time to get some light bulbs what's
a good light bulb yeah but I'm talking
it there a little bit solace today is
there clear candle ones well it's always
gonna come at the price 76 then 40 watts
I know hundreds anymore mister days of
the hundreds when we were
environmentally ridiculous and
irresponsible but our houses were lit up
or I need some pesto for my booty oh
just just give me a good one
just good one please but guys you guys
do what would you go for deep clean
whitening or Maxie fresh or Maxie flesh
would melt wash beads
I like thousands because they're kind of
like a ship trick terton your brushes oh
look the Beverly Hills formula like
they're really Hills
yeah no it doesn't work you need to get
like those white ships but you don't
sell them in Europe which is like weird
um coulis so guys send us some white
strips to our peel box and then we have
white sharks I think this is something
that you really need I definitely think
that you should use this every single
day I'm assuming this is yeah yeah what
the hell is this retard X
is that for retards it's an oral rinse
for bad breath if it's called retard
no goodness actually gone guys
or maybe Tesco put them aside for you
think favela we better stick guerrilla
ones just not wait a minute
I think there's 100 there I think we'll
be okay
I think we'll be okay guys unless all of
you guys have gone out and actually gone
to Tesco I'm bought them off me yeah and
I'm gonna get like a flood of them in
there P o box next week oh I'm so
excited
thanks guys oh you're too good do you
think guys is it me does it represent
the flu leave a comment if you think we
should buy I really like it I knew he
look like a lumberjack or whatever I'm
protecting my monkey poop all day and
work holy yeah they're nice
they've not your jacket hmm seriously
though like I always thought they would
look good on uber I never thought you
would wear them stupid like no doesn't
you look good in it I think you look
pretty good in that okay what we seem to
compensate and as usual you know it just
suits you for the reason whatever the
audience the audience from Tuscon we go
homeward bound we know so guys I just
spoke to Gina from pause which is the
the animal cruelty place what what can't
you see I'm busy I'm just kidding with
Joel so for the project for awesome
we're going to tipperary it's a long way
to tipperary it's a long way to
tipperary we don't have in Ireland you
probably don't know that song but it's a
long way to tipperary but it's not that
far away from court I think you sing
that when you're in Dublin because it's
probably a long way from Dublin but it's
not so far away from Cork so I'll be is
gonna go there she said she's got like
60 dogs or something now I'm like oh my
goodness
so Albie is gonna have himself some good
fun and it's probably gonna cry the
entire time were there as I was expected
she warned me that she would probably
cry the entire time and but I just feel
that like you know we we got to we get
to represent any charity that we want
you know it's project for awesome and we
talk you know while I talk that you know
a lot of people out there gonna be
representing a lot of human interest and
I tell well why can't I represent
the animals you know because you know
there's a lot of a global downturn at
the moment a lot of recessions so people
don't have money and a lot of times they
he knows even saying Natalie know a lot
of the dogs get it they get D honed you
know because people can afford to look
asked him anymore and you know I I do
care about human I'm human I can about
my fellow men and women but still I feel
like someone's gotta have a voice for
the little guys you know and I was
really important to us when Abby lost
his eye we went true went to a lot of
emotion and it was very sad but you know
it was true
we know the societies that we came
across then just watched her I don't
know I just it's something I want to do
you know something I want to do so we're
gonna head down there on Thursday we're
gonna spend the day down there Thursday
so when I upload the vlog on Friday
there'll be a special tornado you see
it'll be the project for awesome
Tom mail and that particular day will be
down in Tipperary
at the Paul Center checking that out
with all the doggies Oh what's a dog
without me
you ever see the duckies oh isn't there
strict orders we're not taking all of
the dogs home okay kids you would
wouldn't you you saw a little doggies
very bright well maybe we'll just take a
couple of them can we have a couple of
dogs
