two weeks after Christmas you get
several Christmas shopping is the part
that how he hates the most
he knows something's going on so he's
sitting there but he's like he doesn't
like I get dressed
irons would you guys like ironing that
bad you know what setting up ironing
boards is like that's the pain in the
arse part what's a little sleepy one
checking her thingies a little sleepy
one since the morning has arrived gopis
must go that's the official snorting
that you do in the morning when leaving
a loved one I must north in their ear
quite get to hear today and only I love
ya
man hey you know you love me I love you
almost you under out there doesn't look
nice
these days the morning time is like the
only time when you get a bit of sunlight
in my life though I try and absorb it as
I'm walking around yes and I leave the
studio it's always so pitch dark which I
hate when that happens
it's a nice start in the morning
we are going for a walk right now
because Albie is so antsy he hasn't been
taken on walked for a couple of days
like two or three days and there's a
leaf blower outside and he is just going
insane
so no you couldn't see him from here but
he could see him from the window and he
was really freaking me out of him
there's his van there oh I think he's
down there somewhere anyway so we're
gonna go for a walk and he's wearing his
regular coat today but it stinks like it
absolutely stinks it's kind of
disgusting I'm kind of a child abuser
maybe what otherwise he'll get cold so I
don't want him to wear a Santa suit
because um it's gonna get like it's kind
of got a white fur like a trim to it so
I don't want it to get rekt it looks
like it's gonna rain so I better hurry
up I may have underestimated or over
estimator they don't know which one of
this the weather because it's actually
freezing and which is what I was wearing
any fight so not very clever
it's so funny um this may come across
it's like politically incorrect or
whatever but I don't really care you
know I don't know but when I was working
Munich all the Arabs were wearing them
like the girls but you know what I mean
like a burqa like a really long thing
and I only had the slip for the ice we
just passed a girl a couple and the girl
was wearing one of those no he started
barking like crazy because she was all
in black and he doesn't like people wore
black anyways what am I supposed to do
like what's my my reaction was just like
keep walking and pretend that things
happen this kind of umpires thinking
like I don't know but he just doesn't
like the scary looking for him because
he doesn't like beanbags for things
either so you had a friend so I don't
know
and you bytes donated to a particular
charity for Christmas or like that
Christmastime um we try to no matter how
little we have or like even if it's just
a small amount we always do something so
this year I think we're gonna do dog da
WG which is a doggie charity so I think
we're gonna go visit there they're like
place I'm so time next week or this week
but at the same time I'm not because I
know that it's gonna be really upsetting
in a lot of ways
part of me wants to donate money and not
have to see you know the kind of reality
of it which is that there's dogs like
being put down like unwanted dogs so
enemy doesn't want to see that but I
know it's kind of important to see where
your money is going okay well you're
helping and stuff but yeah it's gonna be
difficult but so I'm kind of looking
forward to it with them so I don't know
your relationship is a card wondering
why the hell it is cuz you know when you
call the company to tell them that
you've lost it they immediately cancel
it which is great now but then it tastes
like two or three weeks or something and
that's no good especially in
mid-december so I can't figure out where
it is guys this is so bloody annoying
right I'm gonna check the car stop in
the car guys
that means I don't know where but yeah
see it so a man's gotta go cancel it
which means Christmas is also canceled
I'm sorry do you know where it is ah be
furious
do you know cuz I don't know so some of
you may have already seen this yesterday
but this is the first film I ever made
it is called there's a title sequence
it should come now in a moment scratch
scratch and then uploaded onto my
Johnathan Jolie channel because like I
said I'm gonna start putting videos up
there and this is a 30 minute short film
made by me for you Wow
Philippine for you and rendering she be
so if you guys haven't checked out the
film don't forget to check out John's
and Jolie channel I'm giving you a shout
out to myself get this green screen out
of my way
thank God
I've just green screen in the hallway
where's my loved one where is my love
water
where's my where's my loved one
hello not that loved one not a loved one
you know in the Christmas tree no my
loved one lap one lap one Toby my loved
one chance left me she has like she left
me I'll be
Oh mommy mommy mommy
Capri mom usual spider are usual spots
training all the snippy training very
dark in here come on guys one of you one
of you must make me dinner
come on I make videos for you every day
at least you can do today it's making me
some dinner
in fact I refuse to entertain until I
have dinner this is probably
entertaining isn't it make this dinner
do you think easy be tasty must be
something in here there must be some
kind of food in here club orange yogurt
bears but Sun cheese must be somewhere
Erica yogurt must be some way out of
here I got two extra potatoes today I
got potato has got potato I like this
for lunch today guys but the girl gave
me two big baked potatoes as well that's
my shepherd's pie so I'm really nice
very nice to the two girls
see two baked potatoes is good enough
for me
Oh me give me more more MORE how do you
like it how do you like it more more
MORE
how do you like it how do you like it
everybody how do you like it how do you
like it
what's this for again does that add for
something it sounds like a knack for
something you mean common did you know
what that is more more MORE how do you
like it how do you like it's gonna eat
oh please honey hi let's do life
speaking of team songs one two one two
three four woody is Woody's Woody's
there's no better value DIY huh
