come in here yes I do sir a charge like
your thingy okay your hair straightener
oh it's got the green lights you see it
doesn't work you just kind of wiggle a
pit just be careful okay probably you
just had another Erica you can't get
another half shade now what you can
easily replace on Erica oh yeah are you
gonna cut that tree so are you gonna buy
me from Grissom's Erica oh oh is it
gonna be the best one
it's very really biggest than the best
she doesn't look pretty
she look pretty very good special school
education thingy for me you want to find
further bagel I'm even wearing socks
today the nose update it's a no such
thing
oh you want a frankfurter bagel - well
thanks thanks do we approve of
everything all the presents will bear
our Twitter presence presence we approve
all the presents have you seen my
present exactly exactly Alba knows can
you smell the frankfurters can you smell
what The Joker is cooking bye Emma one
of the style consultations from this
style I'd donate 25 euros
what good value Wow I'm liking to get
such a wonderful thing what - Akoni kama
it's incredible I think I'm gonna see
subscribers in there yeah good boy daddy
has to make this frying flaw cause y'all
take one frankfurter closer over you
fill it to the brim I kind of becoming
this one now
he's gonna really excite there who do
you want doing Matt or one direction max
what one direction and that's the
painter is he what's one direction
skills my uncle just came by and
remember we were supposed to go to my
mom's house last Saturday and we didn't
make his a winner
are you jealous
oh you guys the wedding magazine
Jonathan I have to share that one you're
like over this one I'm Jonathan alright
look Sophie open first guys this one
this one this one you can open these
because these were supposed to opened
like last week at the Christmas party
yeah you know no one's you shouldn't
drink coffee or it keeps you or you give
me after
two little fish is kissing Westland
giftware that's Westland this guy's of
course it's 30 seconds of video oh my
god a device that records video
to finally be like all those cool people
neutral
somebody's told me my little son has
been lost lost to the fairies I take I
say hey what's this evidence here no
rowdy is have you guys seen a little
small white dog I think I hear something
I'm not quite sure what I hear I'll be
where's Abby is anyone know where lb is
all right if you know where he is I
can't seem to figure out where lb is I
just can't seem to figure out where he
is
No
I can't seem to see him he's here in
here someone just don't know where it is
misbehaving room I don't know oh I see
where it is guys go for Alby
Oh Christmas tree here we messin up that
time you at home
God goodness sake let's just twerp
purpose tickles a little
start walking really fast look at this
thing alright get the lights at the top
as well
put that in your pocket in your pocket
that's really nice I like this thing up
here did you get the same right we have
well you got ten other satellites maybe
we should get another set of lights and
the Christmas tree at Santa Paws Oh
Santa Paws
are we not staying for dinner every now
and then you gotta change the habits go
with the dozen stars
this is where we went today yeah at
midnight opening he recognizes ramming
through it in there the game stop for
the midnight opening for the black cops
like its names right fatso I'm a cake
cdc42
already it was a good deal coming here
hey what's this black ones
you're buckin freeze them freeze you
record faster yogurts do you like a good
yogurt for breakfast Oh snoring
breakfast coming my consumer knew is
that you might have looked something
different for the same thing every
single day oh hello looks like you look
like my nephew hello my nephew my godson
he loves Peppa peg you like Peppa Pig we
learnt the lesson guys that's why we go
to Tesco coz you can do self-service
over there for like I don't know 20
minutes she didn't have changed and
she's probably scanning things pain in
the arse
I miss Tesco we just got a test gonna
write back and promise never did not go
to Tesco ever again
