well I'm having a dreamy website right
now and I have like half an hour and to
get the hanging and is asleep it's like
your classic like baby problem like when
they when you want them sleep they don't
sleep and then we don't want them to
sleep they do you know what I mean like
they it's just not good timing and even
have chance to do my hair anything but
I'm just going to leave that because too
long too thick to like spend time on and
I chose to do my makeup over my hair so
that's just how we're going to do it
today oh I'm wearing like this nursing
breastfeeding top which has like an
opening here and I feel very like
ballerina asking me some pink ballet
flats but don't have any and then gray
maternity jeans which I'm still clearly
putting into I feel like I am losing
weight but it's not like it's not it's
not very fast obviously but I just feel
like it's more visual than like actual
like on the scale you know I mean I
shouldn't be wearing myself anyway and I
try not to but anytime I check it just
stays the same
she's annoying I do think like when
looking in the mirror that I am like
slowly getting back to normal and it's
just very very slow this time everybody
says third baby so slow like all my
friends that have all my friends I have
one friend that has three and like my
mom and like people that have had three
kids have told me yeah it's hard
oh and I've got my new bag this is what
I wanted to show you guys this is my new
changing bag from child's play and they
just sent it to me as like a present
when I ordered some other stuff which
was really nice of them am i throwing
myself on my nope so it's a pink it's
very pink very girly and I love it
so I'm going to wear it today because I
haven't worn it yet
of stairs just day and you don't
innovate and I will is avoidance tonight
you see you know perform and you've got
another dozen funny-looking one
Oh everything is about to change but I
sleep
always something I'm spitting out of the
truth it is already happening stay back
you stop I'm psychic
all of us and our disposal even from the
rain
and three
about to change but I say closer to me
brings stars above everything enough and
I say alright or you hear all the grumpy
through the grumpy through the grumpy
physic Rumpy
why is my parking always rubbish like no
matter how hard I try it
always cry I am getting no vlogging on
today ok I'm so busy now right last year
we have been working on projects all the
live long day friends I remember I am
now in a forest we would seem I'm in a
forest whether that's the air
hello NS yeah are you enjoying your
forest adventure
kids go to school then it gives came
home from school and the kids in the
software and kids are swimming kids are
having the light I excited in front of
the computer editing and then meetings
and then all boring stuff like that and
I'm going to go and chop up this fire
wood and make a fire are we camping
that's it are we camping are we campers
happy campers so we're home and the
whole gangs here
oi the whole gangs here oh my goodness
look how big it wardo likes you look
always like a little baby water when you
look so like a big brother huh huh can
everyone say cheese we take a picture we
take a nice picture get your high of
everybody your hands it Eduardo your
hand that hand needs me there we go
now what do we think are we all going to
look and we'll take a nice picture did
you just lick her ok don't lick no
licking no licking the baby no licking
art oh my goodness guys oh you're so
cute you guys are
I can see your cook do you love her is
she your favorite baby
is she your favorite little sister this
baby hmm
Eduardo who's your favorite little
sister Wow yeah Alessia we should say
he's your favorite big sister
no nobody Amelia who is your favorite
little sister who's your favorite little
brother
who's your favorite daddy huh hey daddy
ah who's your favorite mommy who's your
favorite squiddy yeah yeah yeah greedy
she was she's not squiddy but squiddy
came before her her but she can be a
squid a squishy squid
Oh Oh Eduardo and wine are you've ruined
us Eduardo is worn out it's just great
fun huh what okay no no we will not
fight over de Baba so tomorrow being the
third last day of school and then the
children have 63 days of no school why
are we going to 463 hey but tomorrow is
a very special day because Emilio
Eduardo are going on a special walk for
Barnardo's and we've sponsored them and
they raise money for charity would you
like to try on your yeah and yeah and
I'm gone they had a patient out with a
loser I'm a loser
everywhere everywhere young got found a
star that's it yeah yeah oh well done oh
my goodness come around here and let's
have a look at a little tea okay put
your head down
oink oink oink oink Eduardo
oh my goodness moo moo okay let's go
show mommy and laugh yeah let's go show
mommy yeah look in the mirror guys oh
you do look like pepper day oh no I'm
new cow
Michael the new house I know oh no don't
scare mommy Wow guys don't scare mommy a
new moo moo here and a moo moo there you
notice um there's only three days left
to school and
the 63 days of holidays let's make our
you leggings or something oh yeah and
even white back of my every goodness
cutest little thing
you see you there you see there oh thank
you use mine
yeah I'm daddy is Maya why did we go put
the other munchkin alright munchkins
let's go
Oh No they have found the box of my Anna
toys Moana oh yeah this is for Lily it's
for Lily guys way to really watch the
vlogs this is not for Lily
what hey you know it's for a birthday
party we're going to okay first one to
get upstairs wins a special prize oh
he's gonna win I'm gonna win I'm gonna
win I go hey don't tell him I'm gonna
win I'm going to win
watch hey what
so you guys ready - Alessi is jewel I
got can't see you okay will we show our
friends a little bit of this so at
nighttime the children's new favorite
book for me to read is ready for it the
great cat nap anyone fish oh there's
some of the doggies
oh oh no I can't be showing them too
much can't be showing them too much or
something like there's daddy
and the kids come home from school I
don't show them that don't turn up there
some of the other kids dressed up we
show them one more little bit all the
time - not one you can't turn on that
one
no not that one which one we show the
media from one more little picture this
is kind of my intro village look how
exciting and Miglia really wants a cat
and Bianca's like what and she runs off
Stella meeting anyway that's the book
there's hundreds of other pages to it
but we don't need it to our show what
you do is that we like reading the book
for them
yeah like the way it progresses is that
we're now we've got some coloring done
but we're damage to line and drawing
first is to kind of scribble yourself if
you want to go your act
so this is very exciting I'm going to
share a speech I can pick him up and I'm
going to share again rawhide well not
right now because it's bet it's book
time and bedtime what guys there is a
link down below if you'd like to
preorder this book you can or if you
want you can wait until it's in shops
which is going to happen in like a few
months or you can buy it yeah or you can
make it different about me ah well
excuse me holiday that there's copyright
rule don't go ahead and make an earner
book about the guy cut up my book I
wrote the cat novel trap you can't be
going around making order book call what
about you can make I really I'm a school
and be near okay don't listen to that I
don't know all the ideas okay now listen
to me immediate by the Baca media are
you going to find us are you going to
come in a book tour and sign the book
for all the boys and girls are you do
you want to sign the book yeah do that
if you want it yeah
Eduardo do you want to come and sign the
book we're going tour guys you're going
to book tour I can easily sign and get
water brushes 2k13
there was but we probably shouldn't find
our book about The Gruffalo because that
he didn't write The Gruffalo book yes
sir sorry babe - that you wrote the
catnap book go
huh that's going to be just as good
that's going to be better it's going to
be better yeah yeah anyway let's take an
eye to our friends token stop
it's a thumbs up button oh we're going
to the ladies all messed up
alright guys I don't know what's
happening here and why everyone's
getting out of bed because it's now No
all right that's it okay five four three
two one all right hit the like button
subscribe to the channel five four three
two one
