some little beach Arabella's an awfully
I always thought Charleville was in
court crazy one
he's doing some buddies fussing baby
fussing get Joe bagel put it down
get your slicer turn it around to the
punch of a goes faster than down hey
baby
Tara Nadeau our sure to buy you a
fashion by you go faster lechero quite
sure about the ten part but definitely
in the end OG heart ain't no preacher
cookie shop cook in Topeka cool I always
get caught dancing at this window
Kilmeade and full mature stuff is so
glad even sure it up it takes you
falling apart and so my children is
falling apart and I've played a
frankfurters a couple of bagels lolly
stuff listen should be ready any minute
now
oh yeah
I think I'm gonna tear her my friend
further bagel with some Twinings Earl
Grey tea oh hello
hello this is what you end up with guys
now we're gonna technique for cooking
and cutting a bagel
he's always to sit and cut here and cut
here just cut there and cut there and
let's it it just comes apart there and
they're pretty settling pretty simple oh
yeah
that's all we're talking about
hmm oh hello there hello there
would you like to sample my Frankfurt oh
yeah now Yahoo folks all ready to be
delivered to a loved one have you guys
made your loved one something nice today
do this
someone order some fun times
trust my hell yes at that site the
Batman's I left says The Wizard of Oz
one over there
take your frickin frak okay we're moving
away yes why we take a freaking name hey
is cameras damaged now the fronting the
zoomy thing things won't seem too close
fix it hey guys you may think from my
dress that we're doing absolutely
nothing today but we're actually working
really hard on the book as many of you
know it's coming at this month and I
kind of started the design of the cover
and Johnson is just helping me because
well he's actually ruining everything
look at him over there see ruining
everything does he look like a book
cover ruiner guys I made it cool
kick-ass cover any of you guys comment
and say that it's crap I will personally
beat you because I rescued your
craziness I actually came up with no
come on I came up with the hoi the
concept yeah I didn't do the
illustrations by the way try selected
them my illustrator she's amazing
because without her this would not be
possible so for me or me because I wrote
the book that's the most important part
anyways this is what it looks out
whatever zoom out
oh you can't really see you actually
can't see with my channel
it looks like the cupcake doesn't have
any base but that's kind of what it
looks like so we're doing this right now
and having and shouting at me as per
usual well cuz Johnson doesn't know what
he's doing
karen is rescuing the project that looks
nice now except I think my name should
be like in a different font in the whole
book right of your frickin email who
writes emails and century gothic that is
like the stupidest thing I've ever heard
I write email because it's nice and it's
tin and its pleasant you use area or
very old time design this is this is
what I came in to find Anna designing
this was going to be the book or thing
you should know the book is gonna be an
a5 size which if you think about it just
think about an a5 size okay you just
think about it's like it's like this
size actually use this slice alright so
that's the size of the book that's what
its gonna be so you guys can put it in
your hand bikes and your man bags of
your boy but this is the original well
it's not it's just that I was doing a
lot of different things you see down
below there are a few different options
this is just one of the really crappy
ones okay don't judge me I am NOT a
designer designer Jojo what the hell is
that this is what I came in to find this
is what I found this
leopard-skin no cupcake holder things
and what kind of fun is this well no but
then I designed that one and then John
I've changed all the font then to
wording at the top yet oh yeah John John
is trying to do all this crazy stuff
like Charlie came up with the layering
ideas of the borders the color tones the
the new fire the layout of the structure
everything okay yeah you came up with
the words to fill the middle of it a
couple of thousand words we designed
that fine it didn't illustrate the
coffee but I designed that there you
know you guys know how I feel and I did
that ourselves just a few words around
and changed once and pretended that he
was cool cool just like new trying to
pair with those square glasses Becker
one of the slippers give me the slippers
you got no because I'm bringing it into
my shine no needs no proper computer
Nina and do it in there because I heard
even the name but wasn't able to find
Nina it was called to sentiment but
we're doing most of the finding we're
gonna finish it on my computer
alright I think maybe it's a bit fake
know Jonathan's angry at me because
apparently I wrecked all the filming
yesterday but I left the camera on the
stove okay wasn't I rescued by the
fellow the camera on the stove for like
15 16 minutes recording like not that
example it was looking at a pineapple
for 15 minutes and I looked at her
footage last night I was like whoa guys
you got like 35 minutes of footage uh
yeah oh no you might have noticed
today's video is like
like because half of that was looking at
a pineapple okay because there's stuff
going on
Mikey wetting my ears
okay guys you need to get back to work
I just got a call from Mama style light
she's an she bought a Christmas tree but
can damn they need some manually
assistance so I've got to go over there
and help out we're just kind of like to
the traffic but you know what I mean
that's what you gotta do when you're a
man come on
a mongrel Iman I miss Tia miss a
summertime already cuz you know if it's
gonna snow I'll accept the coldness but
when it's just cold for no apparent
reason and it's just closeand and I'm
just closing and there's no snow I'm
like
I'm frozen Merry Christmas bro the
for the cold weather I don't join us no
I do enjoy the snow there is there folks
let's see yeah let's see what we can do
here
oh no we only took those branches by
mistake no we wanted to no I told her to
me this it's not gonna fit through here
wait
behind and it's kind of where it stops
all the time hey don't don't buy into
anything okay okay it's okay okay wait
don't hit the lamp
put it down a bit okay it's okay
that's straight yeah yeah he's plastic
cuz we got our name on our so did we
who's plastic what's on the outside you
saw the Christmas I dunno just telling
us off the plastic family
what's that Macky this will explode he
do it out the explode wasn't much trees
that yeah their opinions billions
authority worth it though there goes oh
it looks like loads of people who are oh
yeah comment saying that I shall fix
your straightener Sony nice yeah
which party that our plastic plastic
oh yeah start going me thanks for your
Christmas tree
my second Christmas tree this year like
the Christmas tree man coach office we
need a Christmas tree done
it's nice you guys
alright rings put this on phone all
right
vacuum cleaner cuz I I said that her dad
would always come in here and make you
vacuum up afterwards
you're gonna get plugs all right won't
get plug for this time fine finds me a
plug
you know I gotta have a million comments
about this thing guys so you see you
know I have actually tried okay so we
have lights now when it's on it's just
I've had to kind of just mend this there
we go
a working hair straightener I think you
should probably just go ahead and get
another one no because I don't know how
to say it I feel like it's going off
again huh it's back on so I don't know
it'll probably do for the meantime but I
think we're inky Deeks needs to get a
new one
this does not make you smile you are not
a human being like your hood you want
your little light as we have isn't it
yeah Zoomer how'd you get the exact same
what oh you gotta lights I'll leave the
top I like the I like decoration the
singular decoration oh I forgot your
hair straightener I fixed it but I
forgot it Odie watching
who's winning who's winning I bet that
person hey it's paused
supposed at the pause factor deceased
look at this feast this is my plate
obviously boozy hello there can I help
you homies jealous no no not ready yeah
no it's just testing the water well no
one gave it to me that's higher maybe
this time I'll command on the plate it's
not even the plate huh
oh it's so cute go I think your bow
what's that sad sheet
