we're going to get our be his Santa suit
today shouldn't care lover guys look at
the little night it's gonna parts gonna
hopefully it's clever why are you
wearing it
no nice try any the hats is Mike
Oh Santa Claus
nobody does yeah you think that latter
in this little in his earth Anderson
this is sanic Tesco we're gonna get the
stuff to buy the pizza stuff cuz I'm
just gonna make pizza
Rocko's Oh or that Pete says that it
doesn't seem like there's any meat in
these pizzas it seems like they're not
pick your own make your own pick your
own from a very very select few
ingredients anymore
I've convinced Donna that Erica will go
share is you and me on the fun pizza
Anna and the sister and Mustafa I can
have the boring snoring pizza throughout
the snoring boring things on her but me
and Ricky's we're having a fun time a
fun pizza oh yeah Oh more snoring
or snoring boring
I kind of like much emotions okay I
thank marshal
okay it's a must meet he must mustard
meat
well just get oranges hand pick a couple
I can pick apricot so you think that's
enough
yeah I'm just like a ton of moisture
it's enough mushroom for like the entire
population of the world wanna see my I
need to keep the lights off otherwise I
won't be effective but you're gonna see
our mantelpiece and our tree and my
laptop just kidding Jonathan here's some
of the food we're gonna put that on the
pizza and then and love it got the
candle thanks to you guys okay let's
turn the later guys now we need to work
on the slippers about the comment please
I want my slippers
okay so we're making pizza this is what
we're making you just add water it's
pretty easy and then I'm gonna put some
toppings I found a blog she didn't just
find it but it's a block that I follow
and she has like a recipe for homemade
pizza it's not like what is a recipe
ready but um for homemade pizza so I'm
gonna do that
I'm gonna make the tomato like base now
I'm giving a lovely one of his presence
now cuz it's just for Christmas I'll be
what's this what's this what's in there
what's in there open it what's in there
he's more interested I'll be look what's
this oh he's running away with his dog
Jonathan he's more interested in this
stocking than the Santa suit well can I
put this on you you put this on hmm go
boy go boy who's a little Santa Claus
he's so you know because oh my gosh your
lover Albee love that love that my own
man
so chopped it up into little cannot
believe it I'm gonna chop off a mummy
mummy it's very unique way of washing
your hands there's steam rising from
your hands right now
now step one
how did it Pat it out
hey Pat it out like so you have to say
padded that when you're doing here all
right so however it's it worth paying
you watch okay what never sing a song
hundred English
what are you gonna think pokerface Pizza
face come on okay okay
yeah try okay no oh but actually hold on
a second this what she'll be well I'm
totally now totally or normally watching
guys we've only got one Pizza cooking
tray thing so a little bit of a slow we
do promise your pizzas in 30 minutes or
your money back
spaceship my 100 missed our lives signed
by your pizza now and let's see who wins
who wins so good stuff now
so who's there who's the green one oh my
any yellow examines no one's checking me
out let's make another 5 min ago would
you think of our Christmas tree yeah
did you get your Christmas tree at all
15 doesn't action in there this is a
juicy juicy juicy second person but
you've got your end
everything I know this alright she tops
first it didn't work out so well fine
Erica likes it the trickier part is I'll
show you the minutes getting a thumb
back on for this one stay back there now
it's lovely its command perfectly fine
it's a perfect circle maybe just if you
shovel
oh we're we're shoveling we're gonna do
trouble effect YUM this is amaz I'm
gonna stick your hands in there is this
job ready drop of that oh okay you did
that really well you're the person you
asked asking you may receive do you
think I should fix Erica's hair
straightener for her what do you think
make your plea make you're playing what
do you say marshal make your plea before
what do you think guys leave a comment
if you think I should fix her hair
straightener poorer and if there's
enough comments then you will receive a
fixed hair straightener just like Anna
got
I'm still waiting on my slippers so guys
leave comments so I can get my slippers
my big story go outside in the outside
times I'm time were having a little
disco dance just go dance this part
that's a little kiss on my proud she
pounced on me let's go dance
I don't know they created me waving for
all I know I know okay it's crazy
mystery the Christmas tree I'll be
unlucky well it was a good old time look
at the Packers the message leave all the
cream that worked out quite well that
these boards came in really handy couple
of mince pies left pineapple I know just
the place those mince pies can go it's
called my tum tums
you telling me Santa Claus came to my
house back up again hmm
chocolate oh that's the CEO chocolate Oh
Oh Christmas tree
thanks Nina
yom-yom
