tis dawn just yeah just finish the
questions vlog things would yeah so now
quite a while to do but it's just darlin
just done if you have a watching yet
head over to the Johnson Jolie channel
subscribe and rate and say I'm great and
I will come to you I will not come to
you come to think of it now if you love
me and make me inside your totally I
said you remember where that's from
where is it from leave me comment to the
name of that video
huh and you will win you will win this
puppy your hope in this Bobby
let's see the inoculum you like signing
a disney loves it loves it guys will
come for a bit of a sort of a neutral
sort of negative space what come on are
you put up a no ever say that in the
blog but every time someone's and all my
cell right go check my emails first
thing goes into your head is so next
time you're checking your email
don't forget the chicken song that's the
cook those guys skirts the cart the cart
cart hey you gonna drive
and you guys watch and what's the red
show i love by age he was trying a new
laugh and he decided to try laughing
were to be honest honest I want to be
honest honest okay yeah see some
Arrested Development's its job we got
treats and gifts and cakes and cards and
gifts and cakes and treats yeah oh my
god were you paid to do that
10% coupon from all of us at the name
necklace we wish you a Merry Christmas
you want your name on a neck place you
think they have a joke with one oh yeah
fun fact joke was those more necklaces I
don't want any jewelry I'm jewelry less
I'm auntie jewelry she wrote good little
subscriber good little subscriber it's
really over a little picture
Danielle eager from ga ga gonna want
some advice well have that one that one
one that could be good this one here
would be quite enjoyable okay just this
one here might be quite nice okay just
this one here okay okay
trying to make it really obvious here
guys did I make it obvious enough and I
make it up don't be confused and get
this movie mat in here my name is an
amazing Christmas shopping Douglas so
Christmas tree
that's a nice guess would say I like the
color tone earner
Oh such a baker is what you want yeah
okay what about this 100 piece is the
same thing yeah what about the server or
do you want the red not the gold what's
the difference in this how many pieces
of that that's 50 do you want a red or
join silver you must decide please look
up see the white lights above yeah yeah
I think they're the ones I got well if
you already bought the most I got like a
tiny one 200 I reckon a 200 LED white
LED and the wider son just missed the
coolest thing ever
this is like condensed Christmas room
just realize you never wanna anything
for the top of the very top of the tree
tippity-top 3 3 well no one's ever said
that to me before them 3 1 2 3 1 2 3
you mean II got
so cute all right here only one is
the top of our Christmas tree well we
can't find anything to put on top of our
Christmas tree what do you guys put the
top of your Christmas tree you ghost our
sanity or angel or something else
Sven you guys live in Cork right this is
where we got a Christmas tree from
yesterday don't give me a shout out a
bit like you know if you're thinking of
so much - go head man - Keenan's garden
center in douglas they're really really
nice and the guy was really really dead
on like and he's really nice and I don't
know I just I really love good service
and they gave us really good service and
I never actually said where we got it
from so that's we got it from come on
now folks get yourself a Christmas tray
and tell them joke for sent you that'll
give you no discount
none whatsoever I'll they'll Powell the
beige you polar bears nice I do like to
pull the bails
guys we're having subs at home oh yeah
subs at home hey what kind of stuff
would you like now Oh frankincense
frankfurters how come these are open
course but never in the frankfurters was
it you - come on I'll go change no
change no book shower whole choice
Charles in court
boom it's the family walk with chaves
chaves I Nina now be jealous so guys
turns out we just saw our two little
mousy rats so if any of you guys are
following Nina on Twitter you would have
seen at this drawers full little tweet
recently about seeing a porno I'm a
co-writer something bright seam around
here but we saw him we were driving
along we saw two of them running across
the road we were like
no see earlier I'll be a knight on our
walk every day we see this rat and he's
really cute and he doesn't really look
like a rat he just looks like a big
brown yeah he's a brownie one and it was
really sad inside and then all that kind
of thinking was because we always see
him like in the kind of wooded area but
we saw him on the path like next to us
just dead and all his video is that he
had a family a little baby rats tease me
you know I can't anymore it was really
really sad and then when we were just
coming home today we thought - oh they
look the same but they were alive and
they were running around what funny
isn't that good because like a
residential area surrounded by wood and
water
that's pretty calm 5 yeah that might
have been him so maybe he was maybe was
just playing that I mean he was he
wasn't squashed or anything that was
something he wasn't squashed and he
wasn't like bleeding or anything he's
just lying there like maybe you have
like a hectic night somebody who's
playing dead because I'll be in the
other two doggies that were not my baby
is just scared I mean the owner of the
other doggies is like all right
I'm sure he's fine he's ratatouille but
because my favorite because when he puts
the grapes he puts all the great finish
nice and then they all pop out one by
one again there's no way I'm kinky
remind that is my favorite Pixar movie
is about it too it is so funny I've
never laughed so much put some on it and
you sitting there too big belly full of
grapes I met a friend of ours we've got
two pugs Carla from Canada we met her
before we even moved here actually
what's that
I think we talked about at one time in a
vlog it was like ages back we were
living in Dublin and we come up here
where she used to live around the area
well you just pulled into her there so
hopefully I'll be has that bird Manor
crazy boys shout out so yeah now Abby's
getting two new friends to play with it
and see what Lindsey I got dark it's
gotten guys it's so dark
it's all nice so normally want to leave
the studio it's dark and it's all we
start and then I'm like I don't even
butter vlogging so we've got to worry
more compact during the several months
because it's brighter so dark and it's
so cold it's crows yeah that's a good
thing about the darkness is the tree
look better in the dark obviously
the lifetime lights time light time and
darts time one little little Frakker
can you see you places a bunny in there
he just hopped away there is that gonna
go tell us so cool I don't know it's
gone now sorry how do you call a bunny
bunny
drip drip parrot yeah sorry guys you
missed that we got to see you happy
was it funny are way funny
see what you did now meet the traffic
lights
sorry appreciate that
onii-chan a writer wants to put some
tinsel on that make you feel better a
little bit of info guys turn the lights
on now diaster is a very special
technique and how to actually decorate a
Christmas tree because I stepped on the
ice again again I stepped on a freaking
ice man it's like right back to soreness
where it was a few days ago just as I
was getting better and we're almost home
and no slippity-slop enough wrekonize
alright so here we go right this is a
joke this is technique gets tinsel
get the tree and then you started
trolling oh that's beautiful
I attend so is nice actually
we went for a green white and red team
he is not like the Irish well it's kinda
freaky charm we're actually in there
yeah indirectly uh you might have to
take a time off is this my Christmas
present are like a super mario star I'm
not kiddin in there now hello can't you
see it really curly that is a star at
the back give me a show you I was gonna
show you a trick why any of you want to
leave it there I can show you things
things you don't know it's nice like
dying it needs like a topper eyedropper
see that's not at the very top here hey
if I ever forget your name I can just
read this yeah what won the rain there
no I probably given out in the manner
where I put it
not always
that's a nice woman like sitting there
like that that's ready to see now see if
you guys can guess the teemed color we
went to it
and we still need to get something for
the top although I put a little mushroom
thing there and I put this little
reindeer man in here oh let's talk you
through it
well got bells and whistles and there's
no bells no whistles okay so that game
here there's a cupcake here you love it
you are a little crooked
yes I noticed you're a crooked I think
it's amazing
oh now a PITA I think you think your
turn around desire but that's just
turning the act a blog on the side order
to say well we got something really nice
from a subscriber today Merry Christmas
it's a big long letter who's it from
it's from Stephen Antonia from there
from Germany was it well I also got this
other thing here I just call Ana Nina
and actually where's her a card
I loved her car are you shutting the
card in in about your card Nicola Vikas
aliens there thank you it's so nice now
I'm going to try and put stockings up
here of course I can't find the hammer
or the nails so I've got pins Oh like
guys it worked
you've got Joe fusses Ali's and Nina's
oh it's so cute you got a snowman I rain
there cuz I got a mrs. Claus probably
misses part I don't know if you're gonna
be able to I don't know like I'm
expecting like a lot of stuff from Santa
this year so I don't know this is gonna
cut it
maybe I should get a few more socks she
peddles s you I know but let me actually
quite comfy you've ever worn one No
to wear like a Santa sock what did you
what do you guys use like I've never
used one it needs me for when I was a
kid we used to use our pillow cases we
used to put our pillow case that I had
am I hit a transformer one Simon had my
brother had the Nightrider
my sister had the Smurfs and Cameron
what do much but am they become let me
know what you guys used to leave em for
Santa Claus if you believe in Santa
Claus do people not believe it then rush
me company we don't believe in Santa
Claus I don't know but you know play it
cool this is that this is open to
everybody you know what I'm saying oh
the tree and the Neely's come here for a
happy family and Christmastime I feel
like we should drink like that
eggnog I'm sit by the fireplace and have
Christmas times you ready for the
Christmas tree light show we have to try
and decide which light configuration we
like most here we go
do it okay this is crazy ignore the
crazy it's a party time we're together
next one is that just off yeah
the fading curtains yeah next oh holy
crap is that was a Besson
disco go that constant no no no it's
dimming Oh what what what is it off it's
gonna come my god oh that's cute
can you set it so it goes to the mall
Thank You chef sense right yeah yeah
yeah something like that that's kind of
cool isn't it
why do you guys take leave some comments
let me know which a configuration should
we go it the discotheque the constants
the fading in and out yeah welcome to
Christmas time once more I'm sad too
that's crazy isn't even know what's
gonna happen yes even know I don't even
know
now Alvie look at the Christmas tree my
sparklies sparklies can dog see lights I
don't even know was having any effect
man no he's not interested he's not
interested
