oh the weather outside delightful
and soon it will be frightful but the
such a long way to go snow let it snow
let it snow more than guys
oh yes they come on I live down every
now and again every 178 days I can be
loud don't take it I don't want a girl
guys sorry if I disrupted anyone's
breakfast plans come on try do it better
I can't be kept you complain about that
you know from local jail about a cow Oh
someone sent me a massage
that's massage and a zit to me Travis
can you give us a rundown of the behind
the scenes of the sacona Julius you know
the hair and makeup and the cleaning of
the house and the setting up of the
scenes and stuff guys
this is the behind the scenes there is
no scenes if he says do I look like I've
been show hair and makeup come on guys
I'll show you this is it
this is the way it is how I look is how
I love my think the traffic is bad for
me I look over there and I think to
myself what a wonderful world
oh is it that I don't have to later
today because I press the old snoozy
button just to maximize my snooze Ã¤j--
and how come when you leave later you
seem to arrive earlier it would appear
that there's less traffic in a row the
last the later you leave all that you
said like a - in Toronto - that goes
like an offense at all so I'm gonna film
the they have to bother where chaves
chaves seriously I've gotta make some
sir I didn't show that Aziz Albie and I
are going for a walk ease and if you
didn't already know I was sick the last
two vlogs two days even because first
day I had like a splitting headache
titania thought the package came I was
just like oh like my head hurts so bad
and then the second day we got worse and
I got a sore throat that's why I have
this biggest scar fun but yeah I haven't
taken I'll be a walk in a few days just
because of that but I feel a lot better
today I'm feeling stronger and healthier
so I beat that cold and flu and look my
mom came by yesterday and she bought me
this which is a cardigan and it's
leopard print and it's so soft it's like
that soft like angora I don't even think
it is I'm Gorham maybe it is what I
don't think it is yep angora it is it's
from done stories anyway um so yeah she
brought by that and then she brought by
stahma manuka honey which so I had that
for my breakfast this morning
and my throat feels a lot better I feel
a lot better we're gonna bring out the
on a walk it's the first day and like
seems like forever that I've actually
gotten out of bed plus the last two days
I couldn't sleep at all or the last
nights like last night in the night
before I could not sleep and I think
that it's because I well I didn't knew
that I was because I was sick
obviously it's cuz I'm sick but I think
it's also something to do it's the fact
that I didn't go for like a walk about
morning cuz exercise is good for you
clears your head and if I don't exercise
then I have like a million thoughts
running through my head so yeah I hope
it's not sleepy out there we're gonna go
for a walk I'll be really excited cuz he
hasn't been in a while so yeah and you
guys get to come with us
oh hey okay
I'm gonna put these on us and then we're
gonna go somebody told me that I should
get little booties someone said I should
get little booties for out you but I
don't know I think that's a cute idea
um well here's another little thing I
don't know if it's a good idea I don't
know if we have cold enough weather over
here in Ireland as you can tell I'm only
wearing a hoodie so I'm like a scarf and
gloves because it's not as cold as it
was when it was snowing but I don't know
I saw a funny video on YouTube of a
Yorkie what your cue with booties you
couldn't walk in them so I don't know
let me know what you think might be a
little bit annoying for him just come
along here today across smarter tax
office right because I'm actually
renewing my driver's license when I told
you the power was gone so they sent me
all the forms and stuff and I need to
drop in but I just thought I would show
you guys my driver license picture from
10 years ago just because I have it here
and I'm giving it in and they take it
from you so you don't get a pack it's
not your passport I just thought I'd
travel I look at a stay of my license is
like in tighter than pieces but that's
me there sure are placing away
it's this one here but the funny thing
about this picture I took that picture
last year or the year before
I'm not really sure but it's close
enough to look like at the moment it's
just that you know I was like oh my god
he got stood by the pictures in forest I
hadn't - and then I had those two from I
think when we were in London or born
method or something I can't more needed
for it so I had damn so I was like well
sure like might as well get them now so
into the motor text I was like oh you
want to see what Albie does when I
changed the sheets on our bed soon as I
change the sheets on our bed I'll be has
to run off of his little stairs and onto
the bed and he has to just sit on it
just to see if it's okay just as he if
it is clean enough for him and lucky
he's not one of those big dirty dogs
that gets all muddy and so okay he's
keen he loves his new bed do you love
this you love this and do you know what
he loves so much about this set that we
have is that he gets his own pillow
people don't believe me when I say this
but he has his own pillow it looks like
this
see that little mini pillow there is
that yours is that your butt ohmy I
wanted it to be all nice and clean for
when daddy comes home you're just gonna
mess it up it's not very nice oh hey no
we have to make it nice and tidy for
when daddy comes daddy daddy daddy
dad no he's not home yet he's coming
home though now we make this all nice
again can I fix this please thank you
okay I'm gonna film a video now by the
Christmas trees up in the studio Marcia
little Pete
okay feel like I should sing o Christmas
tree
yeah much better at the tree I'm gonna
piano okay we're gonna need to do
something like um well which Christmas
tree says Ciccone Julie's I want to be
on the daily vlogs which one you're like
big fat one
mm-hmm
yeah it's just a bunch coming early he's
a nice full body right small I love with
me very tall or not we don't have enough
decorations to go around that's the
problem
good one of the ones in the lights the
middle nice too big
get it so guy just probably good you are
already something a little even our just
said you pick a nice Street money I'm
expecting a nice Street okay to get a
wreath for the door as well so at ease
no I think I'm gonna get one somewhere
else the berries and stuff for
decorations yeah whatever people they
might do well take out one another so
funny
and they slip your fellow for the dry no
it's not a wreath or anything it lights
lots and lots of lights thank you get
none sentries or shed trees what's your
preference what's your preference on
chatter said can I get a treat at sheds
extra please o Christmas tree o
Christmas tree
welcome to there's a Coney Jolie there
she is in the back that's a little bit
out the window
it smells or anything we just tried to
attack the man who put it in there okay
but he was really nice he didn't seem to
mind thank goodness you got a new car
guys because the tree is mad like 15
million feet high Mong Kok I said to the
guy I said I was like oh you know I
reach the buyers like about that tall
he's like oh I like six but knows like
how makes me serious
oh yeah it's it's a big ol it's big
fella yeah so we got in early
you got a good one what's the lowest and
it's a cool style it's not one of those
plastic he mentally screwy things it's
like a clamp system but water to keep
the tree alive well that was quite
tricky to get in the car and all but
there she is lads she's always a cool
little fancy stand no she is all wrapped
up we picked it he wrapped it even put
my name on it and we can see that
Charlie whoa now off the tester we go
today some get so much ease and lights
lights and stripes and techno no tinsel
and I says no to tinsel but yes to
lights tons of lights
loads of sweets and cheese and cake
approaching tuk-tuk party or just dinner
but either way the Tesco we don't today
off the Tesco we go
americo's mind I change that you off to
nut mersen's forced it on top the same
screws we cook today the centuries ago
after Morrison's off the alley of the
super wind you can put anything you want
inside the off to off to go but after
test kamijo the day has special meaning
to mow whoa hmm Christmassy man and
point us there's even a cookie shouts
the cookie house
you have the gingerbread man Oh
gingerbread house
what's inside a gingerbread house oh my
god look it's full of presents uh-huh
yeah do you want to go into it's Santa's
house it's not the gingerbread house I
saw Santa Claus lives guys there's a man
point down reflection I can't see
poor child because it's
we would not like send a huge big-eyed
your big vibrant red thing with a hat
and a huge sack I don't think I'll be
would appreciate that what thanks lady
lady in the picture you can't just go
into a shop and smell the candles Oh
guys wanna see the coolest dude in the
world
Babylon's has the worst Christmas
selection ever there's no Christmas
selection there's a couple of candles
maybe it's an stairs you're hiding to
make up you know there where that
suffice but we're gonna we're gonna
ask the guys see they think leave a
comment Ivana can get that and if you
guys leave lots of comments as they
should get that we'll come back tomorrow
get it okay
that's how that's the New Deal now
that's how we do everything Sandi's
brace yourself guys were in Tesco Oh
some Oh delicious my phone is vibrating
once more
it's my bro bread we have baked up bagel
drop whatever you're doing guys you get
that detestable check it out one four
four two four five I decided to go with
the gooey gooey soft smooth seductive
treat million thing rabbit rabbit oh
yeah
please all that are bagels guys which is
really really crap we know things sub
wrong
my guard left the inside of a pineapple
that's crazy except the whole taken out
of it and everything
yesterday tomorrow
69 there is he still there though Oh
Sally right we got indoor lights 200
micro Lites that's what we're talking
about 300 mr. Fisher sir it's really
cool look you get the hot chocolate
nachos I thought it was like a thing for
nachos
that's actually quite cool I would see
for a hot chocolate Oh a hot chocolate
when your life is in the other sector
but look it's a Starbuck think I see
Stavros I'd actually like that that's
actually really cool and say 20 euros
this is something I would love to own
but Anna will never ever let me on it
these Dame's here okay look how much fun
they would be on your feet oh my god
how do you have so much fun chasing me
it's not happening is it it's a pipe
dream
all righty I'll be let's get this bad
boy done let's get this party started
now you woman to the dinner woman make
dinner
mutton chop down tree now I need some
manly scissors what 2010 guys these are
manly scissors he makes the incision
yeah actually hold on a second
before I make the incision I should
probably build this thingy yep that
would probably be the clever idea
josephus all right my genealogy skills
has managed to put this clamping device
he thing together all right
thank God I went to university all right
you'll never be able to do this kind of
a thing this kind of thing
I work now alright you gotta put the
cheap junk in here and I guess that's
about it folks you guys let me get this
I have trapped the device using the
clamping device system he loveth Alvey
there we go guys what do you think huh I
think is a little bit like you have to
keep them with the nothing on I can see
all the comments now pausing the video
I'm just saying oh you don't need to
keep the netting on right what that
hissing is in the background my lady
friend is cooking up a storm what you
got going on over here
alright well be careful cuz it's gonna
flop open actually a good size this is a
nice distance right yeah I know so can
we come back to this in a minute guys
you know what I'm cooking what's this
Nina wants to cut the bodice mm-hmm it's
like being in college when you're making
clothes not quite back there
oh my God look it's gonna be me I'll be
I'll be there yes it's the top party o
Christmas tree o Christmas tree o
Christmas o Christmas tree
we love thee o Christmas tree I'm in the
family gosh I got my name on it
jolene jolene jolene
won't you please take me to town
good tinkin guys the outsiders be coming
inside
oh the tree holds the tree holds the
tree you put it in the corner like right
yeah I think it's know I can turn it
around the other way like turn it around
yeah yeah that looks better
yeah except those are a bit mushed see
that's a bit much no that's perfect
we're gonna go with that
yeah wait guys our first Christmas train
our new house
