guys it's gotta be a short one today I
can assure you because it's already 8
o'clock at night importantly no is sick
all day and I I didn't follow ice but
give it up when you like you slip on the
ice and then your body is preparing
itself to like brace for impact but then
you don't actually make impact so then
it's really really sore because your
body tenses up or somewhere I don't know
but like ah it's like right back here
it's dingy someone come and give me a
massage please thank you leave a comment
if you know how to massage me and I will
call you what do you think of that will
give you a massage no no or boat useless
boat stick oh oh you said she could guy
he's my best friend
I think talked about this element okay
he really likes these guys is he on the
dog gets them some all sorts look it's
got a little puddings and it's high in
protein
that's a good factor doctor Albie you
gonna take care of us
you gonna take care of us are you or
doing a wooden take or do you know what
and take blog today guys this is this is
like blog TV or something it's a live
show
it's a one-take light a show the only
one take Albie what do you think of that
there can be no mistakes so don't tell
any secrets any of the secrets do you
have any secrets you'd like to tell sure
what about the one about loving me or
something like that
no see you do know what happens in music
it's okay though
tomorrow's Friday it's not Wednesday
would you give this little puppy rubbers
if you saw this little puppy would you
give him rubs yeah oh come on guys yeah
we never opened the advent calendar in a
while actually what date is it today a
bit of inventing to do mmm no oh yeah
someone asks me did I get their postcard
from the subscriber woof we've actually
got appeal box last week because of the
snow and stuff so we're probably gonna
go this week this Thursday so hopefully
our Christmas presents now hopefully if
you send us a card or something it'll be
on the wall and you would like to send
some things as they walk because the
thing that below and you get the pure
box have you guys been subscribing to my
other channel my Jonathan Jolie Channel
um let's just check up here okay now I'm
expecting to find some some new
additions some questions here if you
don't know about it click on the link
below this is what it looks like
that's the fool there hey fix yourself
silly camera you know the channel is my
name
No oh poor pages let's pick one at
random I would wish for you where did
you get your bagel slicer we actually
got the bagel slicer from Charlotte
which is crawling in my web on you
tube she usually it's common to just
look to the common sees here or she's on
Twitter so she got it so I suppose we
actually got it from California I think
she said she got it as a wedding present
but then didn't want it or yes he's got
his wedding present but she's not
married yet
but I saw something like that something
like that or maybe she bought it for
someone as some sort of a wedding
present
yeah she didn't buy it for us so I know
let's move I seen before in our and
you'd be like where'd you get the
biggest lesson have like by a
contraction oh by a ghost lesson you can
only Vegas lies in California California
is the town for the vehicle sizing and
everybody in California talks like this
you're in California leave me a message
and let me know was i corrected my
solution of your accent oh boy there's
no there's no editing in this let's get
another one let's get another one who I
said anyway grows this cute bra I'm not
heard he's mainly cuz I gotta nominees
brows I was kind of leaving it because I
was actually waiting to see if it
actually hit the thousand so at the
moment it is 864 look at that funny man
864 so many hits a thousand I because I
want to give everyone a chance like to
actually and leave me comments so view
any questions anything wrong because
what I'm gonna do on probably on
Wednesday I'm gonna sit down and gonna
reach you all of them and I'm gonna
answer all of those questions on
Wednesday so this blog is going up on
Wednesday tomorrow morning's on
Wednesday so tomorrow
um it's Rory you me or something I'll
probably reach them and do it or I like
to use a morning so on this nah don't on
this fish what are you even talking
about check out my channel go over there
said of Johnson George and there's a
link down if you're on this channel you
probably on the video if you're on the
video where is it where would I be is it
over here I'm confused some one of these
things go to the channel page and and
down below
Baloo is the link to that thing and
Timmy bobbins um I'm gonna go in the
Attic I'm gonna be alligators cause am I
have no way of getting in
anok I need to get some sort of a
stepladder or some sort of a device
thing like that I don't know why didn't
you go into your attic huh huh you gonna
go into your attic I don't think so so I
hope you guys aren't gonna hate us
forever for doing this one tech vlog
today because come on we've done a
hundred and you know what else is
totally amazing that I actually want to
realize that when I put up I think I put
it one seven eight yesterday which means
this one should be one seven nine I
think and then 180 G 180 is know what it
is then you guys are good at geometry
and 180 is half of 360 that means that
tomorrow or the next day we have done
six months of vlogging continuously
every single day for six months isn't
that insane I'm like you know I have
such a nostalgic day like when I'm
editing are we have to think about it be
like oh my god consumer I actually have
to comment on the first one cause I
think it's called a hot dog and I mean
talking how we used to live and I like
huge hair actually you guys know let's
look my little minor floof was growing
back my left roof I think I'm froofy
again hi Manolo fee and about to come up
to my one-year anniversary cuz it was
New Year's night I set up to the fields
channel on my first video was like
couple of days in I think it was had to
make an Irish snowball was at the start
but we are six months making daily vlogs
so it's now my god what happened so what
just happened you guys have come along
and you and you and you and you and you
I know I anyway oh it hurts when I
breathe
it hurts when I walk it hurts when I sit
it hurts when I talk I'm doing all this
for you and I'm in pain I didn't even
fall next time you know what I'm gonna
do it Mike she's gonna like jump into
the ice fall on the ground and smash
because then I feel like I actually did
something I actually felt like I didn't
even fall and yet I have to live with
the pain
no pain no gain
