look at the view I walk up to this
morning guys how nice that is it's like
it's not like to snowing but it's really
like nice and white and stuff so good
morning to you on this Monday morning
which is probably Tuesday for you guys
watching the block of cheese block of
cheese making I'm on the morning coffee
oh yeah it's kind of like it's not
snowing but it's like really I think a
thing about that the ice are so what'd
you guys do this week anything fun I
think we'll get in the Christmas tree
this week because some are saying like
we get on the 88 and almost all that I
want to get isn't a 15 brothers like
Alec come on let me get you on for you
you know cuz getting customers drinking
me quite the effort you got pick up a
tree Pioneer car and take it out of your
car so it's like so much we'll get to
them same time so am I gonna really 8:01
get em on the starlet's as well and then
like me hold on to a four or something
but so that's I think that I think
that's this weekend right
Kate this week so looking forward to
that going smell it smell of Christmas
tree
you know how about that the good kind of
worked try another snare guys this is
the one I usually get right which is 25%
Jordan sand this is one of my garlic
it's 28% I got more fruit in this one 2%
3% my actually tastes like I decided I
like big Matty one so get on it was more
ot whoa it was cool that hit today guys
now this because there's a car power
thing it's kind of like lower than the
main roads outside you probably seems no
scold her I can't even talk I'm so cold
first day driving in car to work oh how
am I gonna get all that ice off the car
I borrowed the answer the answer
who's the ice
the I suppose
they're worse
for the spray are now
it's kind of work
it was gonna be misty Oh traffic is
heavy the traffic is happy but you know
what I don't mind cuz I'm cruising in
style I'm like on this style diet oh
yeah
no but there's a lot of traffic this
morning why cuz it's so it's so snowy
and icy SRU snowing but it's kind of
funny because it's nobody think it is
snowy cuz it definitely is representing
the snow nice this is the most snowy
that it's been for us but yet solid snow
it's like a thick crunchy ice that's I
was standing look we got our Christmas
present
well not ours these are Christmas
presents for a lot of people in my
family so the party can show about much
of this video but I just wanted to show
you guys because um a mine just the
delivery man just came and they never
come here because we have a P o box but
the website that I ordered from he just
loves getting packages the websites that
I worded from wouldn't let me put a P o
box as my address so this is the first
time I've ever had anything delivered
here in this big ass delivery van for
exit fight and I'm like could that be
for me so it was and now we have most of
our Christmas presents I'll be stuck
eating the paper come on that's just
disgusting you know like that's the box
that we're gonna give the presents in
its kidding all right so I'll be went
insane and have to lock them into a
different room um so we're gonna open it
aren't we we're gonna open that when we
close we go please mom
breakfasted kind of and I'm not going to
tell you guys what time it is because
it's pretty embarrassing it's actually a
lot later than you guys would probably
think by watching this video um but I'm
not going to you this is kind of
embarrassing and it's just because we
had a crazy I don't know like when
Jonathan's home and stuff actually this
hasn't happened in a wild fall we had a
crazy sleeping pattern I would go to
sleep at like 2:00 or 3:00 which is too
late in the morning obviously and then
you can't wake up in the morning so poor
Jonathan had to go to work but I didn't
and that's why I slept in I know it's
kind of late it's a bit too late to be
having breakfast but I'm still gonna
have my breakfast cuz I never skip
breakfast like that's the thing I'm
really crazy about it like no no not
skip breakfast cuz it's so bad for you
so he's just eating the box oh yeah it
looks good see worried about everything
I decided this year I thought I was
gonna do a lot of online shopping
because it's just so hectic and crazy if
you don't I am gonna do some like real
shopping as well but it's just so much
less stressful and you have you know
that you have like a lot of things
already bought and you only have to buy
like three things so I'm gonna eat this
then we're going to open the package
together not just you on your own mister
it's for mommy too and there's no
presents for him in there cuz his
present is coming from well it's coming
from Santa anywhere
look at him chomping on the papers gimme
gimme-gimme-gimme
do the paper you're disgusting you know
that you are gross
stop
Tournament I keep present I see lots of
Christmas presents
is it for my oh my my my karma ah no
yours
watch this nail polish it
you get so excited these are freaking
cool look at this okay
I'm sure Jonathan will be jealous I
think so cute this is something for my
friends Emma or Erica or even my mom I
don't really want her to see me with you
there if you're watching this video then
just shut it off right now because I'm
gonna show you presents okay okay guys
this is what I thought oh my god this is
so good I thought my sister's really
cool presents and this isn't even fair
to say I said it's actually like it's
from Jonathan I know I mean but this is
her right one sisters never appears on
vlogs Emma how cool is that
okay right I got my
I don't know if you could even see
but anyway you know is he cute or you
know Disney Couture Sara Lee they make
jewelry and stuff and they're really
cute they have like charm bracelets and
charm necklaces and stuff like that will
I thought it's business were like an
official in physics George charm
bracelet did you see that laughs like I
might actually open it is that for Erica
is that for Erica oh yeah look check out
my Christmas bone
stop they're fuzzy yeah you like that
all right
that's it that's it that's it would you
want to see my other present for one of
my best friends I have two best friends
they're both my bridesmaids at my
wedding
not as well as my two sisters I'm on
Erica she bridesmaid hey I think
Jonathan is like I don't know I think
we're gonna probably know what we're
getting each other as our big presents
but then I have a little presents like
for our stockings because I have a few
ideas of what I'm gonna get them oh but
I just I don't know it's just really
difficult because boys usually like
presents that are really expensive and
like
taxis are logical so I don't know I
think he's big prison is gonna be
something like that though and then I'll
probably know what a lot of times if I
suggest something he's like no less
boring
so don't go peepees
all right anyway and then obviously I've
got my mom I'm gonna get her some other
stuff as well because Oh
and then I will be elby's presents okay
so oh he's getting this amazing present
I can tell you what it is it's a Santa
suit yeah I know it's more for us than
this for hands off whatever that's this
may be present because come on like you
the dog he doesn't even care he just
wants to unwrap stuff who's gonna get
that and he's probably gonna get a lot
of toys from my family as well so um you
know and then we have a stocking for him
so probably gonna fill that with treats
or something or like maybe some of that
so yeah if you have any gift ideas for
Jonathan that you want to let me know
just leave a comment at the end of this
video because even if Jonathan does read
it you won't know what I'm actually
gonna get it so just leave your
suggestions because it's really
difficult I'm sure you know like as a
girl it's just so different foot skater
husband or fiance or boyfriend or
whatever other half other guy house a
present because they just you don't know
what to get them is to read hard girls
are everything easy to get presents for
that kind of the simplest person like
ever it's just I came home to a sick but
only my pen I read on Facebook or
Twitter today tortellinis what is better
since dofus is home hey you keep saying
that like it's true it is true
Oh little Snooki that time I thought I
was like what yeah so I must venture
I was venture like a lonely soldier guys
I got my license renewed today I think
irony today I went to get my license
renewed today but and then power was
gone in the motor renewal send her place
so if I gave you the pictures and told
in the forum zone and gave him my
license and they gave me like a piece of
paper there like this will work fine as
a license and you'll probably have your
license tomorrow or the next day so and
I'll have a new license tomorrow tanks a
second thing on my list
I need to get my passport involved so
every done every 10 years a so I must
have done originally I must have my
license in my password ran the same time
for some reason now I'm distracted and I
rend it up in this room why am I in this
room I have no idea
there's so cold out here tonight it is
insanely cold look the fastest remember
when that video went viral it goes like
two summers ago or something like that
and just Google or going to youtube and
type in I climbed the frosty mountain
you'll see what I thought about a lot
bakers have introduced new treats
also first in the meetings hmm I think I
really like them all such as was blue
chicken ones keeping gonna get in there
the new ones it's because we all get
bored of eating the same stuff all the
time don't we
I've got Christmas here it is hey guys
cuz it's really wintery looking quite
the same time he looks really
Christmassy oh here's da core car nice
thing at nighttime it looks all nice
it's all I kind of lit up and stuff we
will be going to that soon oh yeah my
brother just texted yeah he's like oh my
god it is storming snow down where he
lives down in Dublin like again again
are you serious because we're getting
the crows and we're getting the crows in
this but we're not getting the actual
snow just two crows and so you know I
don't only appreciate that okay if
you're gonna give me crows in come on
give me some snow
