every wonder to have to make coffee for
to check out my cool invention you for a
coffee device here it is this thing
we've done here and then the answer
father yeah it's a nifty little
contraption for you but you know I'm not
anti machine or anything I just don't
have one plain exemple nice I finally
decided I find enough decided I finally
figured out what to do with the theater
Channel and I have to Jonathan Jolie
Channel
I was playing around the idea of like
doing a scare do something else with it
I was like I want to do something else
with it because I don't know just to
like rot away and disappear cause it's
got like you know it's not much but I
was like over that isn't subs and I was
like well like singing Joe we could do
right it's like lot of times people ask
me to do like the question stuff and
answer things and talk about different
things that I feel that I don't do it
doesn't feel it's not relevant to this
show this show was really supposed to be
like it goes it's continuous its life is
it doesn't really sit down and talk to
you you know no mean it just right moves
and it's it's going here it's going and
seeing that and seeing that and you know
and I didn't want to have sort of it
it's like parallel development going on
where it's constantly flowing but at the
same time like it's being you know drawn
in a different direction so I was like
well you know why don't we just make the
other show her show the other channel
and a channel daddy you know I'll answer
all the common questions and we'll you
know just just it - shoot the breeze how
that's that's corn by the way not
smoking Union corner you supposed to eat
the corner I don't know if the farmers
have it now and you guys farmers let me
know do you eat the corner we're just
like sucking at Neverland yeah ma'am
I don't know it sounds like Oh cowboy
voice is so enjoying
in capital so I wanted an answer
counselor what do you know what you did
we not just discuss the fact that we do
all that on their Channel why do I never
back let it go
explain explain your problem goodness oh
goodness me oh goodness me it isn't like
when people dare move ran next door or
no daddy Alby how dare they we tried to
kiss Alby would you like to kiss my
dummy don't want my get do not run back
I'm just gonna show you go to channel
and you scroll in here oh yeah do
you ask the show party with jovis and
you click on it kind of brings it to
don't fusses no page
ignore this this was a Pawnee apology
from the toy light thing and then here
we go so basically all you need to do is
click subscribe my knight you subscribed
no I don't know but I think I might
subscribe myself actually so it's just
gonna be channel 2 and debris shush I
believe you're hardcore if you're not
hardcore you mother not even bother
because you know what she's gonna be a
video with more of me
you know diamond is it's that time again
get yourself ready
come on a slice of mango tree pebble
traction right turn to your cowboy boys
there's that cowboy voice I see you just
the baby was a big big assassin me hey
this lesson should make up a sound I
should record a music video and a song
called bagel slicing Dziedzic chicken
making coffee chocolate oh I don't know
it would go something like that do you
guys know where to cut the perfect
frankfurter sandwich sandwich bagel
sandwich bagel all right so basically
what I do I chop it here and I chop it
here and then essentially we're just
going to draw a line a line a line and a
line that my friends is how you make a
joke with bagel mm-hmm a java's
frankfurter bagel what about the cheese
you say don't you worry
I see evenly sliced up little
frankfurters I'm going to represent No
well I'm going to put them in my hi-tops
it's it in my god oh yeah bombs gonna
keep going come on let's bring up the
mummy Louie mommy's really busy she's
editing eye catching Heigl video you
guys check it out on the style that
she's in tutorial that Katherine Heigl
so let's go ahead and surprise mommy
with some tea and a bagel look the way
it comes it's like a two-tier system
right Abby it's custom I hope you're
making your love doing something tasty
today today is make your loved one
something tasty day mister I love point
up here it was busy at work who's busier
or busy at mass there we go
and here's your frying fritters I know d
can you guys can we get a sneak peak
just scratch your Albie pleasure tp4 -
don't know perspective all right Abby
take care of Mommy
don't steal out of her food is an
example of how to be with their loved
one you must repay the favor
I don't know I'm talking about it be
dinner time
dinner time making a mincemeat nina
suggests tight what's tight why is that
is it so cold
Wow have you ever used bury em cosmetics
I heard that Berrien cosmetics are
really really good Wow
do you like barium cosmetics of the
thing
looks like my little worms or something
from her desert
me Lloyd tomato and chili the song for
the meat near the Sun free meets my team
needs me but AM ultimate riser yeah do
it
filling out your kidneys mmm
so some around system around swish hmm
now we just let that sit for a moment
well that's turning heating off because
it's very very hot it's a very very hot
in here it's very very hot in here would
you like a little cup of beer box
don't bring too much bear to night
because you might get drunk can you give
someone a fright
give them a fright maybe tonight you
might walk down and give your slightly
fall on the floor break your backers all
because you too much power
Laura there's a load of juveniles and
the road housing a ruckus what's that
now we that's all right I'll be sorry
okay
it's okay there's no one outside you're
gonna take it from me I no one's to
waste this out so you can buy a
Christmas new one do you've any idea how
long that's gonna take the waste that
thing here it's gonna taste some timing
kind of just ask me a question is it
possible for a woman to wear a hat and
maintain her glamour Exhibit A
dude you look fine but it doesn't match
with this outfit uh-oh
so am so we're heading off to Tesco what
well you want a song or something it's
in my pocket I had it in my pocket when
I asked you I say you outsmart a woman
hey
it moves there isn't life
no way
what
what the hell so high much is it we get
one
oh my god Cathy what do we got on 111 is
that it there is it yeah see 25 years or
we could get on my diesel crowd oh my
god three nervous that's incredible
survey nians i to me air keys the love
the surveillance you know breakfast bar
this bar cantina at all my breakfast
bars gopis must have breakfast anything
okay so what suggestions who are there
on facebook i don't think that was the
Cheesecake suggestion yeah I like the
person who suggested the exploding
chocolate from the inside volcano think
that's pretty good is that in chocolate
from the inside volcano ganache
the millionaire thing that's good there
is look melting middle chocolate sponge
pudding
fine it is what you really want that's
good just turned our lights off are they
trying to enter something guys that
affects the blog I come here because of
your good lighting if you're not gonna
have good lighting we're gonna have to
go to done store it's you only that
you're gonna stick with that yeah you
want to get like a pudding or else very
important thing about having cars I
think the right smell now the one left
in it is black ice which I'm not a big
fan of I used to always have new car
smell so this one comes in a pack like
there it is there uh that's okay you
can't have a bouquet the blue one used
to be new car man where's the blue one
what um what smell do you guys have in
your car let me know leave me a comment
though the other thing I was looking for
guys was a de-icer because you see how
long it takes in the mornings and I hate
sitting there waiting oh they don't
massive di sir
Cree I said look that has a pre I sir
how can you pre ice that's just extra
crazy talk
look at the size of this thing what have
you got there
there we go
whose car
