morning pampers ten guys I am so tired
today
I feel like feeling wants to little
rundown which is not good so it's Friday
we're supposed to go to Dublin tomorrow
but my brother said that it is still
snowing crazy and you guys live in
Dublin okay
leave me a comment cuz my mom's are like
oh no son there's no snow at all but I
think she's just trying to trick us -
coming down there so if you guys live in
government let me know if the snow is
heavy there because my brother standard
is my mom saying tonight but I'm kind of
thinking my brother might be right in
this situation so leave me a comment and
let me know although this is Saturday's
vlog so might be already too late so
hopefully hopefully we manage to get the
card today hopefully I don't we see
won't see last night I don't know I
don't know it just feels that like it's
nice in the inside but I thought I just
don't know you know it's it's big car
and I feel like I don't know it feel
like it's too old for me or something
you know I don't know so hopefully we
won't ever really wanted em hopefully
we're gonna go try and see it today when
our permitting and all sorts of other
things permitting now I'm making a
frankfurter bagel you want to
frankfurter bagel the votes are in the
votes is being counted and I can now
verify the third person to open the
advent calendar is early I'm coming to
get you okay but he has not got the
dexterity to actually open set Ivan
telander hunts that day okay now guys
you realize that I read every single
comment you guys need every single one
of them and I eat I digest them I sit on
them I get emotional and cry a laugh
I even golf yeah sometimes you guys
crack me up
but um whenever let's get on to that
task at hand radio day free free free
that's open day 3 I thought maybe
there's gonna be no guy you know when
you open up DM what are you calling into
trippin stresses you remember that
cars total shambles total fail Taco Bell
he's you up out on a bail blog so we're
back to square one again guys please
give me your car
okay just Park it outside it or leave
the keys on the back wheel and walk away
it doesn't give me a comment to let me
know your car has been stationed outside
my home thank you thank you very much I
got your message kg I got your message
KD sent me a message entirely composed
and Lafon say on the phone saying and I
say to that phone saying she said why
did I let myself go like this she's
concerned that I have destroyed my face
and destroyed my loss
what's you Katie I say this exactly
exactly
guys it is so super slippy out here it
is insanity
but look at this look it's a monster
oh yeah okay then Albie I'm afraid in
case he jumps that all and say too much
I'm adventure out
I'm adventure out of assignment in
doubts more milk more milk I look the
lights on my face scary hit the
slippiest everything i slipped me a
scary time not slip and slide I used it
the icer as well guys is the de-icing
device is we work nicely so off the test
go we go today the tester we go it is a
misty night guys once isn't really
spooky okay come on
check this out it's like empty is Nick
her outside like lovely the place it's
like a ghost town that guys me oh yeah
that's a bit of a fall oh yeah there's a
car coming
there's life in this place it's gonna be
so easy tomorrow look at sparkly can you
see it sparkly it is that's crazy that's
crazy aha cuz you
oh now what do you eat why do you I
don't want to eat something I want to
make some tea tea wanna make some tea
would you like a cup of tea Tommy would
you like a cup of tea and you Tommy
oh oh am i dying they're dying why
didn't you guys tell me huh you guys are
slipping you're supposed to by the way
everything in my surroundings and let me
know let me know let me know when I've
got to go guys I think millions have
landed outside
what you're doing there everybody loves
you're no fool is thought but does not
right we're gonna go to Dublin tomorrow
guys after all the weather is and you
guys in Dublin can I can attest to this
this and you guys just like send a
message to my mom and say I'm not making
this up the place is crazy
yeah my brother Martin rose up myself
but she's gonna be our life I think it
would have been best if you would come
anyway what'd I tell you this I wanted
to go to well we didn't manage to get
the car guys although what do you sure
boy its sharp eyes you didn't look at a
SAP those a Saab 9-3 we're looking at
man I didn't say it but someone's like
her you know seven it's like do that how
did you do that while you're in that car
how did you do that
yeah but I'm I don't know it just felt
like you know this table is a lovely car
and the leather and is pretty luxurious
and was there was that I get 2.5 turbo
engine himself but I don't know I just
wasn't feeling it you know I felt it was
kind of card up like my dad would have
some comments I show some of you guys
get the car sorted I know when you're
doing your hair reminds me of being on
my American hitter oh god I know you'd
like that at all
thanks Coco pqk when I see any video
uploaded I open it I pause at the
beginning I get a cup of tea nice sit
down enjoy thanks me part of our
isolation another caca Nina
welcome there and how Lady Sings the
Blues 0-1 it's our Lady Sings the Blues
nothing and you're like the first
replica or mr. zero - that's what I'd
like to know hmm see - she says
definitely go up there it'll be an
adventure it's just what you sound like
probably not the one I got a wire you've
been you being a supporter from day one
you're just stop score I even know that
means I'm sorry about saying taller I
was frozen crust just a female I why
it's probably best not to quote jovis in
a professional environment because the
side effects of quoting AG o ffice can
sometimes lead to detrimental effects
should I say I think I suppose her
glasses when I said that good point
actually
my a deed is taking over and we've lost
interest in the Commons question don'ts
people have recently left me and what we
can't leave on Facebook Oh comment post
another posted something dear wall
already friends Facebook
the thing at the friend light the page
or follow me on twitter if you don't
like the blue and the white anymore into
the Rye is twit deck tweet deck so Maya
what do you guys use for Twitter I used
to be dead because because Anna started
using it and she was on Twitter before
me that's why I use TweetDeck plus I
like you have to count on my iPhone as
well
again with the losing track so people
say to me why don't I am do the t-shirt
thing you know that's something I've
actually taught about you know cuz some
of the some of the stuff that sometimes
I quote myself because or you guys call
me and then re bagging thing like that
he's kind of like you like and stuff I
say the stuff up I come up which it
should felled your body and put some of
the things on the clothes I wear that
like a transcript that as a teacher but
yeah so I let the conversation was there
puddling the way they're on Facebook and
I was watching now saying you know what
maybe I should do that what would you
guys you guys want that should I do that
or what I'd be doing anyone right walk
around with my t-shirt which isn't
actually bad cuz you can make your own
dishes in my own dishes I don't know
it's just an idea maybe I'll make
shoelaces
cuz everybody needs a sure less and
shoelaces are the cornerstone of the
shoe
