so because I woke up this morning and it
was absolutely frozen underneath that
skylight I've totally given up and I
rang the property management company we
have and they're actually sending it
they're like so you telling me you can
close one of your windows that's kind of
weird so they're gonna go ahead and send
us a an engineer he's on his way he's on
his way
well she'd hurry up because it's frozen
it's like good being warm down stairs
but when I come up here it is crow ZZZ
crow Z's in the hoses also a.m. we were
planning on buying a car yesterday I
didn't saying cuz I wanted to make sure
it was gonna work out but the dude who
say who would mean not this like I was a
problem we couldn't get si si so he said
Oh baby Thursday Friday but the problem
is we've got dinner on Saturday as you
know in Dublin so I need to get the car
by Friday after latest you know in order
to drive up on Saturday but I don't
really want to because I you don't buy a
car every week you buy it like every
like a few years so you don't rush into
buying something that you're not 100%
into because you got stuck with it plus
the one that we're looking for because
not a lot of people in Ireland by the
type of car that we're looking to buy so
it's kind of hard to actually find one
of them you know we found one is it's
awesomes got the ntp thing and all that
we want you know but it's a it's just
trying to tie this guy down
looks like give me the goddamn car man
slave in a car anyway Oh what is it Joe
maybe it's at the end of this blog maybe
you guys gonna call me sometime today
and at the end of this vlog it's all
shorted or maybe not maybe maybe today
I'm gonna cry maybe today is the day I'm
going to tickle I don't think so but you
never know every day is an exciting
mystery I'm those gold Jolie's
oh that solves the problem now
look he's kind of like dusted up there
we never go up there
he's also much more d footprint but I
shall forgive that he's the ones
continuous if the cold spell comes over
us again I will not be happy yes are you
guys playing the game to be a drug
sniffer
sorry you can get a job and fulfill his
ambitions in life
imagine going to the airport and a hood
on Maltese jumps on your back inside
it's never ever did you be like be so
cool in it alright guys I'm going with a
frankincense
very good is it
TomTom's yeah what did you get at the
market ninis well I don't mean to be
mean or anything what got a new fiance
my name is Tim and he's much more
handsome rather than you and less beardy
venue and
just kidding this is the comit√© offense
in your fancy new shoes Beauty crash
subscribe YouTube for John Peter Chris
she put on her brother she said there
are from River Island
yes emerge they are in Ireland as
opposed to England anyone that's 40
pounds or something wrong in Ireland
they are 60 euros 60 hours there's no
cooler look at the remote caught in the
inside which opposed nice and warm
today's valve is going to be very short
okay because we got done an hour
yesterday Aguas a half an hour the day
before that was 23 minutes so today
actually do you know what that's it
see ya guys right in your refrigerator
persimmons yeah no I do not what I got
over here look guys you got persimmons
you guys are so helpful with your
knowledge of what the hell these things
are thank you for your knowledge of what
the hell these are what the hell these
are so little follow-up information
about the broom broom so ranking dude
and he saw like oh maybe tomorrow or
some handy thing is we gotta go to
Saturday Dublin what we gotta go to
Dublin on Saturday so it's a bit of a
risk to be to be thinking like okay I'll
meet your friend or it was a problem
tomorrow you know so I don't know if
we're gonna get that one but we will
continue on and hopefully we end up with
some sort of wheels and a device you put
it key into it it makes it more like you
don't understand like right here he's
just good yeah I look at the power I
have now my questions microphone why
Chairman's always looking for the micro
fillable that's what I'd like to know
okay guys I'm dopinder and today we're
voting for word Oh totally just made
something up okay guys leave a comment
if used to open the advent calendar for
tomorrow I'll be Anna or Jonathan leave
your comments
okay let's go we're giving you manna
today okay
I wonder where it is where's number two
inside now let's see if you get some
chocolate all today I don't know if you
get chocolate oh every day you got a
haircut careful of my paw it's melted
down here my dad got one of those now he
sees this from the bite it's an S but
we're gonna do
so like that oh yeah next that's intense
elated my heart
okay next he's free you know cuz we told
him we told him that we were going for a
while so I was freaky look at my hat
inspire that's called heard only hi
there's a girl called Gina she made that
happen she called it the joy how come my
new shoes okay come on you pick it up
for everyone who lost my high-pitched
voices I know you guys like my
high-pitched oh look like a mushroom
mushroom Nathan you look like a burglar
you really do so the genie is here
beside me has realized that wearing the
brand-new shoes with the slippery slope
slippery slope was probably not the best
idea
and the snowy icy day I have yet to make
a snowball I'm making this for my
brother because he is telling me that
the army had moved into Dublin because
the entire city has closed down due to
the vast amount of snowfall they're all
stranded and locked in their homes like
I'm say Jim he's like you're lying
alright there is no snow here there's
like a little a little tip of topple
tickle topples prim retinue Brenda
sniffing tabbles or something saddles
look yes so and there's hardly any snow
here anyway and he's like shame so he
said he's gonna send me on some pictures
so if he did send me on two pictures I
will insert them here
we almost had a mishap there guys I've
to put another layer on for security but
on an air they slip and sliding I didn't
slip inside
I'm wearing appropriate Footwear with
rubber soles and slightly grips why are
you grabbing on to me scroll over
scrolling down the mouse watches left
click open her horizon he runs I've got
to get back that is some 20 minutes
because the video is gonna go live and I
made the coolest Tom nail to yesterday's
video what did you think we were both
looking up into the scary attic place we
will venture in there remember 157,000
come to yours pleasant subscribers no
510 some comments give just five
thousand comments on yes this video we
will go up there guys you know almost a
year ago my first video I ever made on
YouTube which is coming up to a year ago
with how to make an Irish snowball today
it was actually similar to dinner it was
in Cork in Anna's mom's house back
garden how to make an Irish snowball
puppy meanie first look the first star
in the night there of you can see it any
you can't look you can you can't there
it is that's the first star in a nice
look there's nowhere to stars that's it
there
Wow Wow we started first started the
night right we were to go to mama
stylized that's okay I suppose I'm kind
of busy it needs to be filled to go
right and then peel off my shoes I'm
stealing your blog okay I wish I could
do that thing where you click your heels
do it again good again you have to jump
up jump up first no no you gotta jump up
first and then click them it's a two
motion guys know if she's looking at
though we know that it was she won't
care I don't care guys here getting into
the car and I'll be jumps up in there
for anything is like I'd like to point
out as well you guys see the club orange
bottle the cold chuckles all the bottles
back here it is a club orange one anyway
I think it's too dark to see it arrested
him and although I did not drop the club
orange okay I did not drop the club
orange no matter what anyone's thinking
she hates her she was looking right
before he did turn the light off so she
could have a good look she hates me she
saw me the other day with Alby and she
gave us the dirtiest look I have ever
seen anyone give someone she seriously
she looked at albiet she was like this
hush I'll reenact the scene ko
she looked at Alby she's like did she
look fine at me she's like and then
she's like make she walked in her house
I've never seen anyone I hate you guys
we're going to knock on Thai do you know
that place in Douglas that gun turned
into that gun time one time we had to
look at a house we are gonna the guy
called Johnson on the phone
opposite on - Jonathan is looking on
like this McIntyre choice it's McIntyre
is it so 50 my phone it's my phone
hey what I wanted to say guys is that
we're leaving comments going on there no
Sumter alternatives which route area
I'm from dying here guys I was born in
China here for the road to be exactly if
you know it say hi to the NCT first of
all that's all this is it
mixed
yeah yeah someday for a test-drive
now do you want to come back and have
another look in
it's Lloyd Todd was pretty darn nice
guys how do you feel about it I feel I
feel like chicken tonight but would it
be would it be acquired and vlog in blog
comfortably don't you feel a bit
vlogging in that car was a broadcasting
