how Thursdays
not a
you can be
time for a change they stay the same
-
the farming brand
on a car
you do yonder
well that strangers he got bought and
sold
century July
so this is what I mean is when the
school today did wireless ranks good
today she loved my dress because it's
sparkly she was look so cute she would
look cute
what you doing mister did you eat an
apple they're poisonous Apple give this
hard Henry he's gonna mess yeah oh you
actually hurt Henry
so World Book Day was actually on a
Thursday but then because of all the
like crazy snow and school being shut
down they decided that they're gonna
move up up to 82 this morning Monday so
it is World Book Day on Thursday last
week for the rest of the world but for
here in our town World Book Day is today
because the kids didn't want to miss out
like gee wearing or dressing up as their
their books I don't still a little hard
Henry's a book but a Dwyers happy and
that's all that matters
summer don't eat the apple of media
don't eat the out know what hard Henry
doesn't need an apple oh boy oh boy
Mena's trying to walk with her dress
looks like outside space
that is like I tried to wave at mommy at
the same time come on hard handy what's
wrong her and Henry Hart Henry you never
know what the tram is but this is nice
guys it's plus five degrees I feel like
it's a summer time summer summit all
right do it really pops it pops screen
one time time school run time I do wop
wop wop doo wop wop wop is everyone
aboard looking mighty little buck
there's all right guys you ready are we
ready plus five degrees Wow I might mop
with my i'm antinea really we can turn
off snow mode back to you adaptive fun
mode
my thighs my five iPad Drive hats I hope
you enjoyed this video on making
different country of how to do how to
fake high fives
I hope you know how to see you later
prize where we ask everyone in the
comments to say high-five in their
language and then we can see all the
different languages so everyone leave a
comment in your language and that's a
high five and then put beside it what
language it is in and then we can learn
even more of them guys we're in
Eduardo's room but we are heading off to
bed I'm just returning some things that
belong to him he's Underpants hates puns
open these are Amenia socks let's put
these back into manias room nice and
tidy for once I should have seen a half
the weekend faster oh and these are my
socks but they still have Christmas
trees in that room and it's March had a
mini freakout yesterday I was like
crying and everything because basically
it was just one thing after the other
and um the kids trashed the house in the
weekend I was just distraught because
you know I try really hard to keep
things organized and they're just not
anymore and like I've let go of a lot of
things you know like I understand that's
gonna happen with three more children
but you know I still I like having some
kind of control over my life you know
like and I like things to be organized
and I like things to be honest
everything has their place and I just
feel really just kind of like a lack of
control I feel like my life is just like
crumbling around me if I don't have
things in a certain place and if things
aren't where they should be and I know
that's weird because
got nothing to do with it but I just
feel like if things in my life look
messy or disorganized then that's how I
feel my life is and I know I'm not the
only one I know there's plenty of people
out there that feel this way I'm not
definitely not the only one but it's
like when you have children you just
have to let go of some of not control
because they're just gonna mess things
up and you can if you tried to have
everything perfect all the time you
would kill yourself and it's but it's
not even for me about perfection anymore
it's just like a sense of like some kind
of order you know and so yesterday it
was just like Easter decorations money
toys clothes books they were all shoved
in like baskets and that's like not okay
for me like not okay at all like every
basket has like specific things the kids
tied it off because they had trashed the
place and then they just threw
everything in like baskets and bins and
boxes but it was just all so not even
disorganized just a mess like just a
genuine massive and that's what he went
in with me you got just a book
you got yourself back to sitting good
girl oh my god she's so cute this child
of mine I love you so much
so she's trying to get waited today yeah
and now today it's just a better day
way better date cause like I'm slowly
getting through things and I'm slowly
organizing stuff and I'm just a house
getting back to normal what do we do in
should we change your nappy let's change
your nappy first you look like a bunny
that's way
don't tell anybody here's not 20
summers day will be a shell
and can't sting ring bosal
little maze to tease the flower
dancing petals and for room
and it's beautiful today and it's
beautiful today and it's beautiful today
and it's beautiful today maybe I will
she lay down position son look who's
back from school Anna I mean yeah did
you have to poison apple who no oh my
goodness did you knock did you have the
best day in school today in real life no
oh my goodness
are you okay how did you come back wait
are you a ghost is how he Sean was
chasing you cuz you're a ghost and he's
a Ghostbuster I'm bad and ugly twice is
happening Oh No everyone in the whole
school even all the big classes will
play with me and Ian
Wow today what were the Ghostbusters and
some of the dogs that long mighty no fat
and I'm will trying to escape from them
and then he was trying to that class or
the other things Rumble well it sounded
like an invent for book day did you read
any books yeah just filmed Alessi has
ten and eleven month update yes they
were together because if it goes that
longed get our shoes together hello what
are you doing
we stinker
she's trying to get look at this
obsessed she also did a pill right in
the middle of my video that was nice I
mean are you doing the submits look she
thinks she's so clever cuz she can sit
back we need to turn a pee situation
what exactly is going on in here boys
and girls what wife is going on you
bunch of crazy numbskulls nah I think
her TV has come huh what are you were so
crazy at this time a night it's like
when it comes bedtime you guys go into
like crazy mode or something what are we
gonna do guys when there's four little
crazy munchkins what are we gonna do so
you excited about our holiday coming up
yeah it's a super secret surprise in
case you can't tell anyone but did you
know it's about eight thousand
mama turns away 8,000 kilometers are you
ready to travel 8,000 kilometers in
media hey thousand kilometers about
what's that like six five seven thousand
miles six thousand miles it's gonna
we're gonna have to get on an aeroplane
for about eleven or twelve hours what
but you can watch your iPad for 11 or 12
hours on an airplane like Heights
really since when do you hate airplanes
you like airplanes I hate and I see
sound in the window with what I want to
play I spy
and I just did warda do you like Heights
people listening to
breathe
I have enjoyed it try to buy fine and
what slaves and you can't and then leave
it down in the comments if you've got
the the biggest number of words you
found in the comments and then you've
got 81 husband is a girl who don't pour
the baby's in on the lens
what there's a white thing on the limb
oh it's a toothpaste so yeah oh my
goodness yeah I think it does when do
you pop not yet cuz look this is a
pregnancy
I saw your picture you put up on
Instagram and I was like whoa or someone
tweeted a picture oh like I think this I
put this on I was expecting to yeah you
don't look pranks at all well I do
wait agree but my cousin this is for
like a proper phone and it's not really
there yet this is the proper maternity
you talk oh my goodness
on the holiday that we're keeping the
secret you'd be 20 weeks Pratt's oh my
goodness he'll be 20 how excited no guys
there's no baby traveling the world
traveling the world Wow all right let's
give me a clue give him one clue what oh
my goodness all right I looked it up
it's about 8,000 kilometers away well
you can probably Google what's 8,000
kilometers away from London I'm starving
so oh oh my goodness
