hello friends we are discussing the
blankie bear situation at once again huh
cuz you're never bring what I believe
blankie bear is going to be found my
because I know that we ask all of our
friends are there to find lankey back ok
but how did how would they finally how
they find you stand up if they such as
me when it's stolen time
well maybe we haven't searched
everywhere see we only search the places
we taught the search but we didn't
search the web we ask all our friends to
find it and I think I think blankie bear
is going to see the video and then she's
going to make her own way here what toys
can do that
have you not seen Toy Story don't you
know the toys when you're not in your
room come alive
whether it's a quick update on the
Blankenburg situation friends you did it
you did it I don't mean it's no but you
found it guys so when I put that video
at I literally had very low expectations
that it was possible but I hope that it
could be possible and as the night
progressed people are tweeting links of
different ones of different ones I'm
fine somebody found it
ready to do
my goodness guys she's going to be so
happy and excited I'm going to set up
like something I'm going to put a letter
I'm going to hide her somewhere in there
in the property here and I'm gonna let
the media find her and it's going to be
amazing
yeah let's go what he's hearing when I
found the link em to the one in Amazon
there was only one left as well so I
managed to get the last final one as
well like oh my goodness there was there
was a link to another store I think that
they said they had it for that I just
went to Dallas on one pictures one in
there and I was like why or you order
them Annette wouldn't know that we're
best you get a hundred of them what
sorry
what'd you want to show them all for the
blankie bear search okay well let's go
inside okay
how many Giga Tommy and sighs well
bounty
you want to put their lost-and-found
pictures for blankie bear okay we'll do
it I will put up some lost posters
because they may be Blanco will see them
little eyes looking dry walk that bitch
to the other side
mama Ted is gonna get cold in the night
but if I picture you then I'll be all
right
in a little while the hell you have the
Mohammed stretched a different line she
called me in the hallway you're back
going to high talking you later on you
have a baby this is this you have to do
horn on what oh no it's not a beautiful
car oh I can see it's the carrier
well that's unfortunate I'm going to
squish into this little spot here early
where those two squishy squishy squishy
all right I'm gonna be able to get in
the car parts of oh I think I'll make it
we're here to get a nexus and for that
you're gonna look we are only in exam
sweating friends we are asked what
trying to get this little fella here
some girl from pictures for her no I'm a
ghost for her passport because uh and
unless they're going on an adventure to
a very exciting adventure
I have opted to stay home and mind the
children but a little bit of foam oh I
know I know I know I don't like I did I
tried I didn't mean it that way
I mean it's get a magnifying glass react
oh we got away ten minutes to go back to
the place we can actually get so hard to
get papa forgot about this when you have
the babies getting the passport pictures
it's not a Z the dream we have Eduardo
we tried to stuff him into one of those
passport boots so you're trying to hold
them off because we have no idea and we
also need to know like where we live
very well so we drove like ten towns
away to this little shop later I took
the pictures and everything now we know
better now we know better more sad and
she talking you talking to me mm-hmm
yeah Direction is busy so we're going to
go back in ten minutes
you can get it done why do we also
forgot the stroller in the car though
put the carrier Oh imagine was last week
good heat wave will be a hundred times
over yeah I know losing this much it we
are losing the car oh yeah we've got to
put in the car lights
why is anything you feel first time for
picture
Oh real yellow what I'm kidding it's all
word of power no recognize here we did
needle something about something was
almighty is that horses rosemary we
danced about the air tonight there were
two slides because the die and the cloud
someone was
that's what I got head on the ground the
South Goa
it was out
oh ha ha
we're back to home and we're better on
date night what laughs yeah she's a
little splasher
there we go come yourself up there less
yet okay - I hate women so active much
like little firmer she's like love that
because herself oh okay all right all
right here's your moment
give us the cake give us the kick you've
been telling us all about
oh yeah good ol okay and everything's
like proper delivered but I mean you and
Evie love being in the water every I
think the key to this ticket
human is to mama daddy no like no hmm
don't splash mommy
ready so lovely so they get delayed
response like you go in you know oh
you're so cute uh-huh you're so cute
boot for you you're going to go on a
special adventure of money a special
adventure that he wasn't invited
my daddy was invited but he decided to
stay home with comedian Eduardo because
you go to the other side of the world
the messy yeah that's the kind of
kicking that's the kind of kick that's
going to get you places you know she's
like proper go for it have to put you in
babysitting classes in timerboys you
started kids it too was quite young goes
met me I was older Eduardo is a bit
younger and I shot at the same time oh
yeah that's right you're so cute mrs. oh
my goodness right now she's already
getting into it
