and before you ask that is not my
impression of a horse that's just how
frickin goal is and no no I do not know
what the temperature is okay I'm sorry
like if you could just give us the
temperature please I departed me in a
rude way but I wouldn't have am I
supposed to know temperature is like
Iran systems are wrapping up my iPhone
but like if he's giggling go like
Ireland weather temperature I'm pretty
sure my friend Google is your smart home
chap he knows everything
boy I suppose technically we got snow we
know but Joker's did not get the snow
that he intended to get because I had to
make a snowball and a snowman and
there's no hard to be off easy as no
person we're gonna discriminate against
snow women come on 2010 people snowmen
and snow women they're popular together
okay
yes and strawberry carrots and slow
memory cucumbers
leave me a comment because putting your
hand up really have the desired effect
when I should leave a comment there I
put my hand up but then you know we all
get to Google same account if you have
actually made a snowman unless of course
you live in the earth Arctic because
then you can probably make this woman
office my elder sister she had she lived
in the Antarctic for a year traveling
the entire world with her who her
husband is now they think of jobs and in
the Antarctic southern food in New
Zealand and influence that Arctic they
were there for the entire year and she
got engaged
while she was in the Antarctic we dead
so I'm like okay look I'm sorry but I
ain't gonna be able to top that kind of
carry-on but it's pretty romantic
touching the Irish a newspaper Jeri Ryan
show I think I was like
and you guys ever get engaged in the
Antarctic you guys
folks for a big role was up although I
didn't actually have endless sky nigger
script area college but not for very
long
okay where do I have 150 7.9 subscribers
actual school
virtually
please birthday her lose their contract
grace back road race borrowed what's the
name place spacebar oldest road John
John Carter - Carter my mom grew up in
Contra and she was Mary field if you
come here
she decided that instead of me going to
his hobby lobby's newbie school she's
gonna sent me to a real match school
that's a real men's goodbye sorry Ryder
XD Corki so it's a couple school Bruce
Minney I had 6 years upon there all
right
I may not have been the most educated
man but I didn't I learned I learned
things that were probably more violence
to be now before why this dribble of the
school of six a actually funny thing is
my guidance counselor mr. words daddy
watch this actually told me we're doing
Oliva said no yeah she's asked for youth
like UCO
he told me that I should get into all
the hot chicks were going marketing
would attack that like
many years later so Eddie that many
years later hi it would have actually
gone off and got all the way with
digital media educated educated now
we're having a wiki wild morning here
it's my brain and they severed my
servant cortex the guy who's always
talking about that support like any way
any hooting over Danna I don't know if
you can see that it's really bright and
sunny but a little bit on the big doggy
hmm did a big job so
yeah it's almost all gone or just kinda
side but it's still freezing cold and
it's kind of scary because some of the
places that had snow are now like kind
of turned to ice
I realize that most of you are probably
extremely jealous of my getup right now
I know I look amazing and beautiful and
stylish and your hos be like watching
this video and you're like oh my god she
looks so hot right now I'm just want to
be exactly like her I know but you know
an all know how to incorporate every
single different shade of pink and red
and purple in an outfit what can I say
so right now I have on a right jacket
which is about 20 million sizes too big
for me this is scary because it's nice
then I have on a baby pink headband
we're just giving me our release achieve
forehead and then I have undies kind of
like dusky pink gloves have on another
shade of pink scarf and
what else oh yeah my hoodie it's purple
I don't know if you can see that and
yeah I like pink
alright
on a winter's day oh and let's not
forget I want on some pink lip balm cuz
you know you need to prevent your lips
from getting all chapped and stuff and
looking nice too much game time so you
may not have noticed but when my lips
actually match my outfit that was on
purpose and then oh yeah I also have I
think I feel like the runny nose kind of
completes the look yeah it kind of
finishes it off and gives it that um wow
factor so don't be jealous
no be hating on me because I look so hot
right now
okay so I really have not left the house
other than our walk this morning again
today the reason I'm doing that is
because it's just kind of - I see to go
anywhere or to drive anywhere so I've
really just been working and like I
kinda have f I'll be what are you doing
get off the table it's not the table
that's candles they're whipping doing
you crazy
breezy dog okay kinda dangerous
alright um so can we live there anyway
so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna show
you a little trick that stay there I'm
gonna show you a little trick that Alvey
has learned it's not really a trick but
it's like that kind of like the
hide-and-go-seek game that I showed you
guys before but it involves a treat a
treat a treat
oddly knows like certain terms you know
Street you know as mommy knows daddy
news oh my he knows mi Erica there
sister he knows like a lot of different
names and like he knows the word doggie
just like to me like what um he knows
some of his doggie friend names like he
just he knows a lot of different like
terms he understands like I don't know
if all dogs are like that they probably
are but I've heard that small dogs are
like really intelligent in that way like
that they can recognize terms and stuff
like that
so he knows what a treat is why are you
like sitting there wagging his tail
treat okay so what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna leave him here and then I'm going
to hide it somewhere in the house and
he's gonna have to find it so you stay
there stay stay mommy's gonna hide your
treat now okay and it has to be fair
like it has to be some words that we can
definitely get it you stay there so
where should I hide it
I'm gonna put it here on the light if he
finds it now he can usually I usually
let him like look at me but he just
can't get to me because I don't know he
has very short memories though he
doesn't reveal a
you'll see you'll see okay you ready
you're gonna find the treat okay where
did mommy put it what a mommy wouldn't
did you remember
did you see her putting in some Alvey
where's the treat it's up its up you
have to look up look up good boy good
boy he understands off - good boy knows
nothing firmware we do one more - one
another treat all right mommy wants to
give you a treat now come on hide
another one and he likes these bakers
forward roll where we gonna fight this
one but this time I think you achieve it
I think you looked at me come here come
here come here come here
good boy I love you
alright you stay there and I'm gonna put
somewhere very different this time okay
a different place right stay there I
don't know where to put it
stop watching me might try the hall this
time
I won't close it coz that's me hey you
run the table again okay ready
get the tree where the trees so come
over you know crazy is it in is it in
there
whoops you almost closed it is it in
it's in all these good boy Albie go boy
oh there's no okay now we're gonna say
bye-bye okay all done
Oh God he knows what all gone means
there's no more treats for today so like
I said we've just been at home it's nice
and warm actually in the house right now
because I put the heating on so I'm kind
of just all snuggly and stuff and
Jonathan supposed to come home later
we're supposed to get the new car today
but I think it's too icy like my mom was
gonna bring us because obviously we need
like another car to go there and then
come back we're gonna come back in the
new kernan yeah you got what I mean so
my mom was gonna drop us there with her
car and then so obviously we can't leave
my dad's car there anyways so um yeah
she was gonna bring us but it is just
really easy on the roads stuff and she
doesn't really want to drive this late
which is it would be a bit six or so
plus my little sister Erica has a piano
lesson that six blocks so yeah I just
doesn't work out so we're probably gonna
get it tomorrow just kind of gonna suck
some pointer then now but no we're gonna
get it tomorrow
on Saturday we have to go to Jonathan's
mom's house who who you met in the video
um she always has this like every year
she has this Christmas dinner thing but
it's never really on Christmas because
everybody kind of does their own thing
all of Jonathan connaissance felony or
like a lot older than mine at least like
then my younger sisters they're all kind
of grown up so yeah we're just gonna go
there next weekend which is actually
earlier than usual because his mom is
going away and for Christmas and yeah I
can't wait for that so hopefully I'll
film some of Dublin at night like Jobin
City at night when it's all lit up
because I know that looks pretty pretty
and cool okay
we've spent this you might have
was here before we came
both easy can
and to open this
being this way I hate these canals later
perhaps a little
when I write the top and I don't want
her to feel as it's called easycap but
it's not
okay
Nathan could you help me with something
I don't know how to open this can open
the can you want me to open this can of
whoop-ass okay easy can my ass I tried
that and then it flew off the counter so
be careful let's do it old-school guys
excuse me young lady
aim for the heart not to be a spoiler or
anything I'm not referring to any
specific epithet okay okay offense taken
sometimes putting them didn't coming you
just
okay yeah I was trying to mock myself
but I was only joking gone like haha
someone's just gonna say like cooking
whoa this isn't my blog this is the pink
blog guys we have a situation and maybe
you could you'll be able to help me
we're okay right because you guys always
have an answer for everything
you see this wonderful skylight
invention thing here okay it appears to
be open and it's freezing bloody cold
but I can't seem to figure out a way of
how you supposed to close that bar
actually climbing up there now we have
the landlord who's here about to Teresa
go feels like that has that me lungs fix
the toilet and fix himself in the news
like all he has that working for you
both you must happen I all right yeah
yes
that's functioning as a window should
function but now has become apparently
obvious and it appears to be open or
something no beer you can see do I look
good they're sticking up words but I
can't reach that I cannot reach that so
when you guys live in a house where
you've got some sort of a skylight thing
like that the only thing I can think of
is that there must be a switch or a
power supply somewhere that controls how
that thing opens or closes so if any you
guys can help me out or give me
suggestions the hell am I supposed to
get that pink Arlo's because it is so
cold it was like when you walk past a
little spot here it's so drafty so I
must be crappy to figure it out so here
we have the alarm for the house as you
can see all those little bunch of the
buttons that definitely does not control
it over here we've got the fuse board
that don't control it here we've got the
smoke alarm fire system vendee thing
that does not control it this switch
here doesn't appear to do anything I
feel like you guys remember to have us
over
Phoebe in France when she had to switch
to choose like pressing going this
doesn't do anything get over in Chandler
and Joey
TV I think was guarded light was going
on and now my chores like I'm doing that
well this is the situation is anything
happening in your house right now when I
press this button you get this one that
one this one controls that light up
there this one I just I just can't get
over the fact you know and I keep coming
back to the point that he made when he
was like does that still work and we're
like you know and then I yeah course it
works like puts you know the more you
think about like why would you ask
someone does that window work oh yeah
you like this window this is that works
right yeah yeah the art up steps that's
fantastic that's not what you'd normally
do it was like 90% her and because
Alina's come a long way
Nina's become fun you know switch over
there and this well that's the heating
device Oh
which do you see this guy's right I
don't know my dad did a while ago but I
spent about an hour
figuring that out standing up times to
come on times to go off tie looser turn
the hot water on and heat the place up
so when I wake up in the morning oh it's
nice and warm
right
you guys set or managed heating systems
it takes forever and you gotta go around
the clock since everything on it so it
did all that peeping and I know this
just don't light and I'm like why is
there no light on why was there no light
on Nina could you explain why there's no
light on that's not an explanation about
the light switches off the power which
wipes the memory of the god the thing
and it's like so I had to go and reset
the whole things man is barred from
touching that device but in my look I
found here's a switch up there
that's a weird and that's that's the
extractor yeah no but look excited it's
like a circular plug thing with it I
would be a bit weird that control of the
window though weird
let's hop the bloody lights I work in
this place which was fine during the
summer time that's probably why they
showed us to turn this summertime is
there I don't notice quick update on the
Christmas tree saga I found this like
premium professional anyway they'll give
us a really good tree and they give us a
little stand with it it's very close by
to here plus they will come in January
and collect it and dispose of it
environmentally nicely leave me a
comment Larry's flog if you guys have
any you guys live in court and why are
you getting a Christmas tree problem
because I know Roberto Christmas chain
court so let me know where you're
getting your Christmas tree from and if
it's a good spot and if it's close to
where I live because
a little bit let me know where you're
getting your Christmas tree from maybe
Josephus wants to get you from there as
an eye rolling around Nicole found an
opening in the house there's something
up there Nina what do you think I should
we'll go up there it's really scary what
do you think guys should we venture up
into the Attic these days just for you
guys we're gonna venture if enough
people leave a comment if enough people
leave a comment if enough people leave
the rule of the common sir the rule of
the common Turks
it's set out in the YouTube rules the
rule of the calendar not being guys
comment if I get over 5,000 that'll be
pretty awesome if this video is featured
on the front page of YouTube subscribers
by tomorrow I venture into the Attic you
can factor
hello I am going for the Tesco in the
snow
away such an inconvenience shadow off
the Tesco weekend today in the snow we
go to Tesco we go today
my face is officially frozen solid
seriously like I am I probably if I get
Botox or something right now my face is
ice it's not white ice today oh my god
guys I want to go off the Tesco but I
feel like person off the let's go we go
the day of the let's go we go freezing I
need to invest in a pair of gloves guys
because holding this vlog right now with
my hands exposed to the naturist nature
istic of nature is very mature
that is the the heating in taxco is
beautiful it is like so powerful I think
I want to stay here all night long
thank you Tesco for keeping your heating
on I really really really want to buy a
pudding but I feel like I know you can't
buy a pudding at mince pies aren't too
bad but the pudding I feel like you
gotta have a Christmas tree before you
get a pudding okay baby steps baby steps
I don't know buddy
whatever feels good hippos more pity so
it's hard to decide what actually get
mince pies star pies put her cross ons
or chicken soup all right probably just
remembered that advant starts today so
we're trying to pick an elephant's
calendar we got eclipse but personally
if you know much so check it out guys
isn't that so cool do you guys get your
abs on calendar yeah hope you did so for
the next 25 days and then 25 days we're
gonna open the door every day together
is 25 days of Christmas I was planning
my basil Christmas time any we don't
celebrate Christmas time is 25 days of
experiment day one single day okay we
need to readjust our hanging style but
every single day I'm going to get some
chocolate Oh
