our first warning to you guys if you're
kind of wondering what's the deal with
me but Lomu better well it's warm water
guys because it didn't snow where I live
but they got I see oh boy they did get
icy and I predicted this sort of a
situation was going to arise and that
sort of the situation calls for a warm
water being on I see very quick attempt
to kiss
otherwise it might just come back
making its friends
we have good times I see we've had good
times I think this week we might
actually be at getting the new car so uh
thumbs up for that or hopefully guys
hopefully might be this week because
I've got like a family Christmas party
thing I'm doubling on Saturday and I
don't want to want it dries down in this
car because it's not already World War
g4 sort of long journeys it's more like
that kind of a city runner and this is
ever actually left quirky I mean as that
it will Roger said said cork so I don't
want to be the first one to to bring it
outside cork okay so quickly Dora no
point putting this to waste little Boop
I find club orange for the best bottles
to use no I do that just talking to
shoot I'm thinking should I even listen
to the radio career advice from last
week when he spoiled apprentice was just
don't listen radio but I was reading
Twitter last night and who was it I
don't know but somebody had said college
here blob up like a fire from apprentice
it's like Twitter dough is vicious for
spoiling stuff you don't have to be
really cool the only way you can em you
can set your coffee to come on at a
certain time and start making the coffee
in the morning time and all that what
did it'd be really cool if you had a car
right and you could set the car like
let's say I leave here at the same time
every day what if I like set the alarm
on the car that like I don't know like a
half an hour before I got into the car I
don't know if we would turn itself on
but you would start heating itself up
you know and it would be like pre-warmed
then every cool cuz i don't know when i
was a kid my kid but when i used to live
at home it was a pretty rowdy safe area
plus we had a big front garden with big
gates and stuff you know so you could
get open two more and turn your car on
go back inside
and leave it there for like 20 minutes
you come outside you'd be nice and
toasty and warm and you guys ever do
that
and that's question even like I don't
know Arizona or somewhere in the equator
where you're like can we do to complete
opposite way and then why cuz he lives
in Arizona and she was telling me that
she used to put like these big-ass
silver things in our windows at night
you think it is otherwise like your
dashboard oh melt for me heat that's
different to what I'm experiencing right
now never talked about Loeb ever with
you
but I was like wow frankly I just think
it's that late they're like shave and
have a mustache because I don't really
like the mustaches on their own but so I
decided just that I haven't shaved in
November at all
hence the way I look now but the
students gentleman with a pure heart so
I'm just trying to decide like it's
coming towards the end November I'm like
you know I ain't gonna clean Jerry
that's for sure so let's just knock down
on the head cuz that it happening folks
who an office job force ain't no no
first job force office but I am trying
to decide what to do or to do what to
the gentleman do way oh my god I just
woke up like literally a couple of
minutes ago I'll be come down and look
what I found outside
it's all snowy it's so cool yeah it's no
you really have me like earlier but
gonna great in the snow June and snow he
has no clue what's going on good boy
mmm what's that
his I think he's had snow before it like
he last year it was pretty snowy as well
but it's so cool I think it's kind of
counting down now though and it's gotten
kind of wetter as you can probably tell
see the railing but it was like
seriously like snowing so happy when I
woke up I was like so excited
I couldn't believe that I thought it was
like a dream or something
is that fun fun okay see my buddy is
hyper look how snowy it is it is so
white look hey Albie you having fun
he loves the snow he just wants to play
or run away if I might let him off do
you like it oh he lb lb listen what's
that it's super snowy and it's kind of
scary walk come on so I'm walking in the
bra
it's a boy yeah boy okay do your pc's
scarf bought a hoodie on I've got two
vests on t-shirt and oh so cold there's
nobody out and it's so white see you're
braking or something there's I'll be
I'll be usually look so white now he
looks kind of cream no a super weight I
think he loves this he likes it some
people over there playing in the snow
that's the park and the water isn't
frozen over so that means it's not super
cold although I think that's an estuary
so that's like seawater so I don't think
sea water can freeze over but I know
that back in there
there's like a pond not a pond like a
kind of a lake not sometimes freezes
over in the wintertime look how pretty
this is
I'll be you're just so cute don't you
let you off I'll let you off now okay
wrong way Albie look somebody made some
snow angels cool
hey are you going the wrong way we've
the snow angels I'll be okay come on
okay I don't know if you guys will be
able to see this but this just came
outta nowhere it's a swan and I've never
seen swans here before Brady
oh he's spotted her she's big I mean she
she a big girl
no no no come on you're going here we're
going this way
oh it started to snow again okay I found
three Morris one so now I don't feel so
bad of it the other one being on his own
because he's clearly not but I don't
know if you can see them there's two
there and one there and then the other
one is all the way down there so let's
say I I've never seen this ones here
before it's so weird is he gonna go in
attack them Oh help me what are you
doing where's the Bradys look at the
Brady's there look at the big Brady
there's a big Brady look at the big
Brady Xavi who's that do you see them
okay so there's actually not that much
snow like it's kind of melting now but
hopefully it snows again I think it's
supposed to snow again later but my
sister Erica she got off school because
it was snowing so much earlier and a lot
of people in her class I think and in
this school live in like can i outside
court which would get a lot more snow
and
so they're all home now so I might go
see my sister later because she's really
excited to read the snow and I think she
wants to play with Alec be in it but um
yesterday she came home from school and
she was like oh my god she was like my
teacher where she lives
there was five feet of snow we were like
you don't mean five centimeters ex-wife
like not even five inches I don't think
I don't know which is that five feet and
then we explained to her and like she's
like quite fun so I think that she got
it made a mistake but was really cute
okay so I made a snowball and I'm gonna
throw it out I'll be here ready
you gonna fetch ready one two three
bitch I'll be I see I'll be I'll be look
I don't wanna hurt you fetch ready i'll
be i'll be i'll be bitch i don't wanna
throw snow well it's kind of pathetic
snow you can see i'm gonna walk in snow
for the first time this year
alright the Krejci stand that makes
Crunchy's looks like it's a although the
manner and said it's gonna rain heavily
I mean snow heavily so let's hope for
that I'm sitting at home working okay
working
I'm getting attacked my home is under
attack there are these little boys
outside throwing snowballs at my window
look do you see that smudge there that
is from a snowball that they threw at my
window and then they threw a huge one at
that window so I'm gonna go and get mad
though okay they didn't attack me for so
long but seriously like can you even see
that like pieces of snow that's
not--that's no they just threw snowballs
at my house at my window cuz they could
see me see I'm sitting here like if I'm
sitting here they can see me from over
there and they totally just like
attacked me in my own home I feel very
violated right now and of course I'll be
is like barking but then as soon as the
snowball hits he's like um and he gets
really scared that has never happened to
me before but that was kind of weird
anyway how are you guys doing I hope
you're not being attacked in your own
home it was not very nice I cannot
believe that like look at that look see
evidence more evidence now they've gone
away they're probably actually attacking
other people's homes
hold on that's why I hate boys like I
hate little boys little girls I don't
mind people say little girls are bitchy
and they're you know they bitch about
you behind your back they talk about you
behind their back they do evil things I
can deal with little girls like I am so
used to the girls I know what they're
like I have a younger sister who's 12 I
know what she's like I know what I was
like who the boys are just so I hate
them like I hate little boys that are
brats on the sea ones that are nicer
but yeah so that's another reason why I
don't want to have kids because what if
you have a boy you don't want one I
don't want a little boy okay I don't
want a baby anyway but I don't I would
be so upset if I had a little boy cuz I
wouldn't know what to do with him might
be like what am I supposed to do why you
a toy car is if I had a girl I'd be like
I know exactly what to do
I'd probably mess her up in my own way
but I would know what to do I enjoy
buying her Barbies and stuff like that
you know I know people don't buy Barbies
anymore but what else
look at my setup I'm here at my computer
and look who insists on being as close
to me as possible so I had to put his
bed which usually goes down there and to
put it on the other chair who's a little
baby little baby can't spend five
minutes on his own hmm no I was just
trying to show you guys um
Albie is just having some kind of
struggle between him to end his bed and
he looks weak so um just lighting
candles because I like to do that okay
look there is you guys want to see
something really Crotona let you guys
know because you're the special ones cuz
you are not only subscribed to well
maybe you weren't even subscribe to but
you're not subscribed to the style of
diet or subscribe to this channel which
is our daily vlog channel which is the
more important one
but it's like I feel like the guys that
are subscribed to here are the more like
true subscribers if you know what I mean
no offense Ted what else but I'm gonna
show you something really special
because and it's top secret so you can't
tell anyone okay
no um seriously this is like the cutest
thing I have seen in a very long time
basically um you know my book is being
Illustrated at the moment and my
illustrator is so amazing and she is
just compiling everything like she's
sending everything through and it's
gonna be done next month by the way but
anyways one of the chapters in the book
I'm not even gonna tell you that much
about it because it is a surprise but
one of the chapters in the book is
should I even tell you this no I won't
tell you the name of the chapter but
anyway it's got something to do with
something and we decided it would be
really fitting to have a picture of Alby
there's somebody trying to attack my
castle I'm so glad you're back
why because there are snowball bandits
attacking my castle yeah this one the
snowball bandits came and we were under
attack
oh oh oh he's just snuggling us no yeah
we were under attack
why we're what we're here don't you go
in bus
you ever wonder attack for a while from
that window and that one snowball
bandits
he doesn't believe me but it's true
do you guys know cuz you saw the
evidence first step that's a doozy full
of ice anyways I was showing them really
something special here anyway what have
you made for dinner so what is going on
okay so I'm going to show you this the
chapter like I said I'm not going to
tell you the name of the chapter but we
decided to put a picture of Alby
somewhere in the book so you're going to
see I'll be featured in the book and it
does kind of make sense like it's not a
book about I'll be obviously or really
me at all but we put Albion so I'm gonna
show you just a little sample of the
illustrations but I'm gonna show you the
one of I'll be because it's probably my
favorite well not really I can't really
say that but
okay distractions this is the picture
that I'm gonna show you right are you
ready
and you better comment and say it's cute
because it really is I'm ready
he's so cute the bed yeah I know that's
his bed there that is really cool like
she is super talented you can't even see
that well I'm this head haunted she is
but any rate that's the sneak preview
you'll have to wait till next month to
order your copy of the book and yeah
Jonathan has a lot of it stupor Tuesday
by the way doesn't Jonathan look good in
his jeans for Tuesday actually Erika's
school is that for the snow you know
what time it is you're gonna actually a
special style light exercise after this
what you getting yours vegetarian
supreme whoa whoa wanna see a real man's
pizza look at that little pathetic
little pathetic thing does what do you
mean it video didn't work the video
works fine probably your internet
connection
oh boy this is what I like to go in we
got green peppers
we got chicken we got ham come on got
cheese there's already cheese on tomato
and stuff a bit orange orange juice Oh
hmm and now for some Irish apprentice
bring it on bill I have been called for
a damsel in distress
now damsel hair damsel what seems to be
the problem well these are red meat when
you can free me pull the top we stole
and so I tried it this morning oh I
already yeah that was a bit too easy
that's dudas the best way to cut around
this to be very careful
sorry we've never done that before and
chop
well obviously is first
let's see Galata started Wayne I only
want one slice okay what is it
he lives in a pineapple under the sea
SpongeBob SquarePants
please fill it alone right mine
absorbent and yellow imports
he's a sponge he's a boy are you eating
my stuff
yes I am
