ah what it didn't snow again
oh come on someone after comment
yesterday and said it was guaranteed the
snow in Cork last night mom nothin no no
no little better-looking bet you Jack
Frost
Jack Frost has got enough I'd say the
car has completely I see this morning as
well so let me just go ahead and boil
the cattle here to put extra boiling hot
water under window I need to be extra
boiling not normally boiling like extra
extra boiling because the hotter you
boil it the more it's gonna feel of your
guys you guys oh you see you wouldn't my
boiling water not a massive truck just
drove past me full of bad Christmas
trees when you guys get in your
Christmas tree it was all like
because last year we lived in Turkey we
got it on the 26 let me blow out some
land so we didn't have a Christmas Eve
very long so we didn't really get to
appreciate it but we don't just move
there from London I think we left London
around like mid-december so we never
really got the experience and Christmas
so much last year we got the experience
Christmas last year but we did not get
to Christmas tree right now this year I
don't want it for maximum time although
my favorite thing about Christmas she
just she smells you know that smell when
I was a kid we just always get on the
8th to December and get rid of an 8th of
January I think it's like a holy day
throw a holiday or something you know
you come home from school you kind of
think that maybe it's there you know and
you open the front door of the house and
this smell this pine fresh Christmas
tree smell oh they tell you now this
smell of a Christmas tree makes me a
happy on the inside so what are you guys
getting yours
um do you get your serenade you get it
late how long do you keep your Christmas
tree for I'm really interested and no
one because I don't sound like let's get
it right do people get it this early can
you get it this early can you can you
keep it all year-round and just like
decorate it an undecorated decorated for
Easter and Halloween and summer okay
crazy oh I love Monday traffic traffic
it makes me feel warm on the inside no
it does not
that is called heating of the car
their core item has me absolutely
covered in snow I'm like um where'd you
get your snowman why don't you get your
ooh I didn't get any fracking so let's
dunk or glass night but just like is it
cuz I live in the city
oh man knows because I can't see
University I most air traffic is all I
come at the King say anyway so everyone
can sell get a snow last night and
everyone talks a lot I feel a little
duped okay
I feel a little duped he cares go by
what I just billions and snow and he
counts no I don't know a lot of it
before I'll be moves hi Albie pleased to
meet you shake my hand shake my head can
you shake hand I see a little movement
in the head oh boy isn't he so cute and
I asked him to stay it was so cute I I
saw him I propped him up like that I put
on this little sweater cuz it's a pretty
cold and the house right now and it's
the big jumper but I asked him to stay
like that and I was like I ran upstairs
to get the camera I was like stay stay
stay
and he stayed he's so well behaved oh
you're so cute I think you like this
position though I think that's probably
why birdie rose hmm
he's ready for Christmas time are you
stalking this yours you're gonna get
treats in that is that that gonna come
if you like this one it have fun I'm
gonna have it he's so cute
looks like I'm always taking treats but
that's just cuz that's what I feel I am
in the process of writing the addresses
on I have to get all Jonathan's family
as a dress that's because they are just
the hardest names to spell like all his
family have like well not all of them
but a lot of them have like traditional
Irish names just so difficult for me to
spell so I'm standing here putting his
treat are you okay
do you want this in your bed anybody
good boy good boy your boy LV I love you
so much yes kisses for mommy
he says I'm gonna be completely honest
and let you guys know that I'll be and I
have not been a walk-in
it's kind of creepy because like I don't
know there's like birds everywhere in
there they sound like people never mind
they're just like in the leaves and it
sounded like a person walking like
creeping in there but it was just a bird
anyway so I haven't really taken I'll be
in a walk for a couple of days and he's
really frustrated this is what happens
when you don't take dogs for walks they
get when you frustrated and and see and
everybody he meets he's gonna bark at
and it's just bad look I mean I
shouldn't have done that put I don't
know it's just that for some reason when
I'm on my own
like when Jonathan's at the studio I
take him for a walk and I'm really
dedicated about that I like it
but then when Jonathan's home I always
want to go for walks like together like
as a family and he just doesn't really
it's not that he doesn't want to well
actually it is but it's just that he
gets lazy and he works a lot and he just
he wants to work all the time or like
edit or do whatever like sit at the
computer um so we never go and I'm
stupid cuz I don't go by myself because
I'm like oh we should all go together
and plus it was so cold it's really cold
today so I shouldn't be wearing this I
should be wearing like a hat and scarf
well I'm wearing a scarf and gloves but
see how like nobody's out so cold
yeah it's been really cold the last few
days that's not really an excuse though
he has a cold one - he's fine like last
year dogs for a walk and then like one
day it got a little bit warmer and
everybody I'm not note you guys should
definitely leave a comment telling
Jonathan telling Jonathan to go on more
walks and do more exercise okay okay
three people having fun no come on let's
go and the tights until 8:00 you look
back at the video work Doce came because
the candy eighty-seven came that's the
wall we sat on him purchase pictures
where he likes to sit
it's nothing most hygienic of places but
he's pretty keen so it's okay
I'll be
I'll be where's mommy
and playing them
so there's no real place where Alby can
look at the window because well there is
not one there but that doesn't actually
look on to anything except for our
balcony another than that there's no
real place where he can look at the
window without me having to lift him up
I don't know it's just like really
inconvenient that way there are no
windows that have anything like where
you can kind of stand up one at them so
I put him on the kitchen table
which isn't really hygienic but whatever
we don't really eat at that site anyways
and he's just watching everybody go past
do you not like those people and my mom
is coming
so almost coming where's ol MA he's
gonna get excited cuz he hadn't seen her
in a couple of days she's coming in then
we're gonna go shopping so I'm just
waiting for her right now but I wanted
to show you his new little spot he's so
cute
okay so guys how much time
all pizza before us our complainant oh
my god go eat
it's so cold and weather you can't blame
again I don't want the Isha's tasty
nutritious yummy pizza every day
seriously I don't I'm in my mom's house
and I just want to show you something
that she got from her friend one of her
best friends
was over at the weekend and she brought
her this amazing bunch of flowers and my
mom was telling you right at the car and
she was like she got me these amazing
flowers but I was kind of like I'm not
really a flower person so I didn't
really know I have a bunch of flowers to
be amazing but now I understand cuz look
at this okay it's not really showing
that well on camera but it is so cool
and look it's got three white birds so
pretty and it's huge I don't know if you
can even tell the scale but it's
absolutely enormous isn't that so pretty
there's me what are you doing in here I
hope you're not doing anything naughty
you doing bad stuff sometimes he likes
coming here which is bad cuz he's not
really supposed to do that at all good
he's not neutered I'll be your good boy
obvious gonna stay here with Miffy in
like separate rooms because he prefers
one who's around Mike other beings like
being left on his own so he actually
likes being left here so long as Miffy
who's like his favorite cat well miss
he's doing one that gets along with him
so long as he's here but I wouldn't
leave them in the same room just in case
because always see you know we need to
be careful because it will happen so we
put what we do is we put Miffy in that
room which closes with a glass door so
they can see each other and then we put
Alby in this room so they can just like
see each other so and then he's not so
lonely
we need upset because he does get very
ups so the things I do for my son that's
a funny cuz I Rosalyn and world doesn't
even seen a rock whoa isn't even saying
it wrong are you know you shed about
getting the Christmas cheer I only just
said that this morning
what so I don't know just to rehash my
conversation this morning of Hannah's
blocking part was so exciting you've
totally forgot all about it
so we're deciding when to get to
Christmas trees so um let us know what
we'll do is we do like I'm will do a
poll write your dates are obviously if
you don't get it before the 8th is when
I am like my I usually get up what we're
trying in because exactly like with when
air Rosalind pearl said in the 23rd we
only got it for like a day or two last
year so you want to fully get the worth
this year so leave me some dates and
whatever dude comes up consistently over
and over again we'll just follow your
every word I don't know
Jonas guys it is not getting warmer it
is not getting warm no matter how much I
want it to be warmer it just is not
getting warmer and I don't know we're
gonna do about this oh this is what you
want come on a cold day hey pay
attention there
goodness spinach look what we got here
folks
oh yeah the delivery man just left
custom-made avi homey polite I was
reading the comments there a couple you
guys guaranteed me that it was gonna
snow now I swear to goodness because a
couple of people that I work with
lalettan can sale their cars were like
this king of snow and hiruzen him and I
was like what's up with that so I got
the truck snowball today which was
totally awesome I totally enjoyed that
but I was like hey what's up there like
yeah mine is crazy wasn't like where you
live and I'm like nothing nothing a bit
of frost a bit of a bit of frost on the
grass though and crinkly as I stepped in
it
a bit of a trail but other than that
absolutely novice in the city City
Compton keep this wrong let me
welcome everybody to the wild wild west
a place that's a little bit like Eliot
Ness I don't know why two packs on a
little mission zjz
