this is situation we have got no food in
the house because we didn't know
shopping yesterday and it is freezing
freezing call and I for one am NOT the
kind of person that wants to go outside
in the clothes and frozen so we're gonna
make this work we have a cup of soup
when cup-a-soup check what we got over
here
one bagel I think we're all right there
yeah okay here without having cheese so
I'm reckoning half a bagel each cup of
soup we can make this work people we can
make this work and there we have it guys
a little bit of invitation but we made
it
just one bagel one cup of soup we've
made a mighty meal for - what did you
just say so yourself little man little
man stretch I think I drank a mighty
meal for to me so you guys know my mom's
old laptop her laptop's broken as well
so I thought this is not his laptop as
you can see it's similar already okay so
I was thinking maybe we can do some sort
of transplants are you a surgeon now oh
yeah that's alright guys it's not a
hardware problem it's a software problem
who had a degree in technical check
Jesus taught your degree is in digital
media production which is technical tech
news is this all right I didn't know
that sorry
now to put this bad boy in here Oh
Nathan you just wished my toes nice to
put your chair why are these open all
the time
oh now you've upset your I'll be what
are you doing
there's no one there no barking come on
up to mommy you know you're in trouble
you're know you're in trouble you know
you're you know hearing you anyway
Lisa qe buddy who's a cutie boy who's a
cutie boy come here come here you little
brat
why are we going the dog and it's
housekeeping staff live here that it's
the truth about Alby
sit down and be quiet now
what have you done Nathan Joe I see
you've opened your closet already is my
you cos or NUS Cara from college yeah
seems alright because so far it is
allocated it is allocated to disk
directory exists and now owning a
commander pair hope that this will Emma
that's what I mean to boot in the actual
working nerve center if you will at the
computer so it seemed pretty awesome
because and I can use a computer that
doesn't have antennas on the top of it
then there we have it folks she's up and
running just downloading Google Chrome
Google a holder leg-hold electron oh
thanks a little one now isn't it doesn't
matter fancy
so now Nina has a laptop once more
now what day is today today's 168 169 on
the blog so let's see how long this
computer lasts start your engines
or should I say watches can I help you
can I help you little man
can I help you little man can I have a
little man do your a little time the
next time your laptop's broken give us a
call what I never told us we'll be
waiting for your call don't identify oh
this day this day has been drag it out
because it is so cold I can actually see
it the way no I can actually see like
ice is formed all over the grass the ice
like frost ice you know kinda when you
walk on grass and it goes crunchy my
crunch crunch crunch
so there's punchy grass which is usually
a good sign for an ongoing snow yeah
yeah see the cars and they're fully iced
up so he might get snow tomorrow now I
was more I was more interested in the
snow for a kind of like the weekend and
stuff and it's like yeah look I gotta
get to the studio tomorrow so I don't
know I want the snow so much I want
either snow so much that we're like snow
in and everything comes to a halt
but don't snow to be inconvenient like
you know what like snow but it's just
slushy and icy and cold and it's it's
just irritating and you're like oh man I
wanted to snow and I wanted to snow like
it never snowed before I wanted to smell
like it snow in the 80s I was like I
don't know I was like six or seven or
three or five one of those numbers and
my parents are telling me that the snow
was so much that things my brother or my
sister like walked that side was like
disappeared into the snow who's a write
down because it was so taken deep uh-uh
yeah that was before the old global
warming and climate change really Frank
that one up boys but how come it all
those global warming films you know
where the world then or 22 hours of my
name
there's always thought this
no involved but yet it's not snowing
what's up with that huh come on guys oh
my god global warming why not call it
global cooling sounds better today was
one of those days absolutely nothing
many exciting happen to these guys you
missed nothing something over there
that's something you should have watched
oh I got promoted to level 42 on black
ops per from that night watching TV
watch some shows what do you guys deal
with it's really rainy and really call
that side and you're thinking to
yourself I am going to survive on
whenever I can find in the house okay
what do you do do you watch like the
internet would you like watch TV would
you watch catch up on like if you got a
TV or of course I will you play
playstation all day xbox pc youtube what
you do let me know and we can compare
notes or you can give me some great
ideas so next lazy Sunday when it's
snowing cuz we're coming up to winter so
we're coming towards two times when it's
like no no I won't be going out there
today thank you very much
good luck to you I'll catch you with you
tomorrow and see how it goes oh boy oh
boy
