Morgan Frye Morgan fries you you that
Morgan fry
it's so cold today you know it's snowing
in Dublin today I'm so jealous
I was watching a couple of varieties
from the US and people had like snow and
stuff when I was like this I'm not sure
we're living in jockey side couch double
snow white actually yeah it's no
everywhere and this year we live in
court no snow
okay so could the people of court sort
an ad or something you know
never charity auction for charity
auction I love the snow I don't know
it's like it's part of the holidays
system system you say oh I don't know I
just like the snow makes us feel for
like oh no and the cars this I did not
over the roads never one like comes
together and I don't know I live in a
world
you wanna go for two folks I'm pregnant
whoa there I'm gonna save that for 2011
cuz then so I'm just gonna go ahead and
cut some jerky it was all steamed a
minute ago but the steamer you can still
see some of the steam similar leftovers
better charge and bagels a little bit
more I don't like the burnt but I'd like
to know they've been toasted I like to
see a sign of a toast sounds like a song
what you see the sign of the toasted
bagel running through the field would
you see the side of the baby today guys
I love that letter coach sermon here
goes
oh my god babe I don't know you look so
sexy in that coach hands off gentlemen
is all mine I complain in the past about
being cold guys but never in my life
have I been this cold that I can't even
complain because I'm frozen
it is so crows and it's crows and you
you with your friends and a clothes and
a hot-water bottle
yeah an electric blanket and a heating
system and a gas fire and Hellfire and
central heating and I don't know
whatever else we can conjure up so I'm
just waiting for a Jonathan cuz he's
getting me money because I was stupid I
forgot to get money out of the ATM
earlier anyways I'm going out for dinner
with my friends my two friends Rebecca
and Kim Kim Kardashian you know I'm just
kidding Rebecca and Kim they're my some
of my best friends from school and yeah
we're going to a place called Soho which
is pretty trendy like bar restaurant
place so I'm really looking forward
about my favorite thing to do
nighttime like if I'm going out is to go
out for a meal like go ahead dinner I am
not really into I don't really drink
even though some people have said in
videos asked if I was drunk but I can
assure you all I think I don't read
wrink like at all maybe like a glass of
champagne on like a special occasion but
that's kind of it
so here's Nathan getting me my money
hey so I'm sorry--but latest meant for
you continue to pretend to be my
girlfriend on my blog okay yeah thanks
I will thank you it's really not as much
as we had a great but I'll let it slide
this time
Oh maybe wants to be on it so much okay
yeah look at the Christmas tree let the
Christmas tree actually a cozy in winter
doesn't it fit huh
venturi is it a venturi all right look
all lit up because of the phone phone
right okay so we're outside sober lane
in court waiting for Becky Ruby no Nina
his off off you pop that is a cold
breeze that has just come upon the card
it's all like let's try somewhere new
so massive this is a spark and wrote
when he knows existed Bronte chicken
stir around
what those meetings send to go to the
safe option the restaurant because I
know it won't scare me
when doors are a good boy around here if
there's a good little boy good boy good
boy good boy like the smell he leaves
behind in her room when he's left here
on his own what it is oh boy he's my
little boy huh oh my little boy he
always come back for you little boy it's
a boys night the boy is mine Alby poison
it boys
it's a Boise night and the feeling right
hobby is barking his little head off but
you know you know different types of
parts he's doing deserted he's doing the
bark like just something dare or he's
afraid of something
or what are you barking at
Oh careful careful now okay it's okay
it's okay it's okay it's okay yeah yeah
it's okay look look it's okay see
thank you got you got you guys who's
boss
domination at black ops and one of my
subscribers great GBP she's an era girl
too but GM said mass a couple of times
you could get save on V and flag be it
so I'm star like you know that is
awesome
I've just gotten into the car okay and I
can see on my window I don't know if you
can see that good luck
they are little driblets of snow okay so
pretty much it is going to start snowing
tonight that makes you pretty excited
when I'm not pretty excited about
because I am freezing cold
lovely lovely lovely so you must make up
her mind
it just looks more Christmasy at
nighttime even though it's nice
christmas is just so many more lights on
which really emphasize it
that's nice time let me talk you through
it guys so we've got some blue lights
we've got some Shangri lights and got a
big christmas tree coming up here all
the lights there isn't it cool I don't
know there's something warming there's
something warming of your heart when
it's all Christmasy you want to just
like hold hands with someone I know this
must makes you want to hold hands
hi have fun yes it's snowing tomorrow
folks all right guys what had to show
you this a few days ago something we
were watching something on TV three the
website right a nice girl friend of mine
Elaine Hardy
she's like a professional a professional
actress right like she was in an air
come fall and watch ad right and it was
on TV and so I don't know it's good huh
yeah okay she's the blonde girl from I
have turned the volume up did we get a
handle on this
she didn't sound like that when I do it
out it that's for sure listen I would
love shake to get your right now so yeah
that's how much I can you tell her about
that hilarious that's not her real voice
oh yeah that's funny I don't know we
just saw her a few days ago I thought it
was a one-off flu but Tempe just works
it again there and it is oh and I also
called the guards yes sorry about that
time for the caramel tea
