today after the day of eating see that's
what I'm talking about
that is a mighty munch from cocky robust
thank you
and what's the best way to eat the food
from the daily crew we I don't know can
you give me some suggestions some
suggestions I'll give you some
suggestions if you want my help but I
can't help you because a little problem
some suggestions they'd be saying maybe
apart and honestly I'm it because she in
the morning in life I got really sure so
we a must be sure to mom totally but I
haven't that's time to make that call
for I'm hungry now put it in the
microwave look at this bad boy huh now
remember mother mine and mother things
of the Lebel she still fucked Klingon
philemon things and she dream microwave
them so I don't know why but I'm gonna
go do that I think it's the names do it
keeping the moisture in the food as you
know the traffic starts around half
three or four o'clock on the daytime and
does not stop till about 7:00 oh yeah I
don't want us to go directly into the
hearts of the traffic that said rush
hour time I'm telling her no I said no
no no well we made it into town and not
too much long traffic
hope it's worth it we order these them
you guys make Christmas cards do you
ever make your own sort of Christmas
card so you have it forever and ever and
ever with your own little face and and
stuff so you can send people like family
ones we made the county Jolly Christmas
cards just cuz we saw a website where
you could do it and they're like print
them all off and deliver to you were
like well that'll be kind of cool to
Santa people's wouldn't it all be
wouldn't it I think it would I think
would be the coolest thing to do so
mom's inside now
one day they arrived the day arrived the
day arrived because I came yesterday and
they did not arrive and it was like oh
no oh yeah I know I thought yeah
although she's been quite a while if
they didn't know if they didn't arrive
you just basically open your PO Box and
you see there's nothing in it and you
you cry you cry for a while and then you
can tell yourself and you make you carry
on carry on it's what you do but if she
did actually receive it um if it's too
big to fit in the little a pill box they
tend to give it to you separately that's
all up here she comes did we win did we
win did we win that doesn't look like
Christmas cards go back in what the
emissary pictures here
the pictures RT envelopes no I just
didn't realize oh well it's fine but
that's okay oh my cards ready ready we
haven't even seen these either guys so
this is a total mess it'll all have the
experience and at the same time stop
cheating cheater
oh no warmest thoughts and best wishes
for a wonderful Christmas a Happy New
Year isn't it nice they're really nice I
know but I thought I was getting a plain
envelope cuz I thought you had to pay
extra for like maybe because it's a day
late they felt sorry or something they
appreciate our order look that's nice of
them to appreciate our order instead of
giving us 25% off our next one why
couldn't he just go ahead and take 25%
off the one we just ordered that won't
be better I think someone said to you
hey guys you want to go to like Bondi
Beach nightclub you'd be like whoa that
sounds are like you know beachy and
beautiful and I want to go to Bondi
Beach but then what have you arrived
here would you still feel like you want
to go to Bondi Beach like that does not
look as inviting as it sounds okay
what's up guys it's got two big security
cameras on the top of it it's got
graffiti and it's down a really scary
Lane way I don't know if I want to go to
Bondi Beach
I have no idea my name is stage if
anybody knows what's going on Peace Park
also somebody that me was that a comment
you should always know what I'm trying
to we shared the same brain remember I
got the good side obviously and the left
side the creative side
I got the analytical side the
decision-making someone's at em oh my
god guys am weird we've got a stall
myself my dad come down for bout five we
got a stall at a market in court I think
they said we're somewhere Saturday so I
noticed blog is only going up tomorrow
it's a Saturday so it's probably too
late
but if for some reason anyone can tell
me where is the market that's on
tomorrow court and nothing English
market because that's always on there is
a market ok first thing we're gonna need
to do is step one guys that's right get
a pot just speaks to you that sings a
song there's a few times though I'm
pretty sure that this is the one
