next generation low broadband
there was Rizzoli that's part of our
building your own messin program we've
now launched the exciting you get our
HMO there's no congestion the faster
speeds that's amazing guys
we're sitting there having them give
them to foster buzzard we're sitting
there having a conversation you know all
right chatting away blah blah blah now
it's like who time is it it's like Oh 10
to 20 past 12:00
we got like 10 minutes to get into town
this morning all the challenges of
makeup in a car hi guys today we're
makeup on the go you guys ever do makeup
in a car you're gonna make up in a car
and someone like stops really suddenly I
would probably know it he'll that we
both stop whatever you do funny cuz
it'll be lying you got a big meeting in
funny ok now put your hands 10 to 2 lb
our hands are supposed to be a ten to
two I'll be driving guys Naracoorte
ready or how about the down the center
of the city
guys Christmas lights hello people a
court wanna be under you
is there a cyclist a cyclist no oh yeah
they just reminded me when I looked over
there somebody was saying to me okay
guys you have got to explain to me what
is that white square with that red L and
you know for are you some sort of a
loser okay that it didn't say was that
some sort of a loser but I decided to
add that in for comedic value in Ireland
um when you learn to drive you have to
actually indicate that you're a learner
of the driving now I'm not a learner of
the driving okay I passed my license my
past my license I got my license are
about 99 1999 so it's not for me it's
for Anna's little sister mmm that's good
they argue because our car is kaput it
is dead it is over it's smashed so
basically here we are stuck with this
car and this car has all the stickers on
it that's why our stickers on it okay
when cuz the light turn green mommy sees
rent Anna might as well go hit up the
old pole pole pole pole box what's in
the box Bobo box Bobo box is probably
nothing about boat box was nobody liked
me very much
it is so super sunny today I was sitting
in traffic there for a while and the
keys you know and then I come around a
corner onto this road and the Sun just
like blaring Adam
thinking wow it's so much cinders now
and Ally
it is so super sunny today in is it
super sunny when you are it's probably
freezing cold out there but it is
definitely super study oh my god I
must've sat in like I don't know the
hour of traffic it wasn't out but it was
a lot of blue in traffic like I am so
hungry you guys want to come and make me
some breakfast oh oh yeah go first oh so
if you could just hurry up and deliver
that to me that'd be great okay can you
guys watch em Caprica
you know Caprica it's like the end it's
then kind of like a prequel to
Battlestar Galactica
but captain Kat was cancelled there
about I don't know about a month or so
ago right and what they've been doing is
that they've been allowing the the final
he's like a final class the final five
it's about as our thing yeah I got it or
you didn't that's how that works
I've kind of noticed that it's gotten a
lot better since being cancelled already
it's sad that it got canceled because I
you know I'll watch any pilot if I if I
if I see a pilot I like give me let me
watch it
I like watching pilots cuz sometimes the
rawness of a pilot could be really
really good because they're not trying
to be so when I have some command like a
studio hasn't come in and interfere with
it and changed it and made it repetitive
they're made of boring like in it that's
one of the big factors YouTube has you
know it's that we don't have a big
studio influencing the saucony Joanie's
I am just kinda like well Anna an Audi
but I added her genius do everything
with these videos and basically whatever
the hell we feel like it so I can say
whatever the hell I want and there's no
censorship on what youtube is so I can
basically express my opinion about any
product person place thing that I feel
that I want to I know every more hungry
in my entire life to get myself some
turkey from Turkey oh it's turkey Tyrell
V
oh he's no idea he's no idea than this
turkey time
actually he's probably gonna get any but
ha whatever it's turkey time but I don't
we'll never its circuit I'm a turkey
time it's turkey time
it's turkey time turkey time
turkey time what is the chicken feeling
fire you see fire let's do the big fire
careful even mr. punch
it's not stupid like they're just gonna
need it
okay nice fire that's a little song that
I made up recently do you guys think
the lighting of the candle has begun
there's no federal Thanksgiving
tradition honest it is right animate
this last week I can't get a day Happy
Thanksgiving
oh is it time does all the leaves are
papery and not the right color picking
coz I can't that's salt and that's
pepper mmm good yeah we've got the
cornbread as Otis closed
yep and then DPS the resistance big
boobs have you ever smelled anything so
good in earth too much is it too much
yes Oh what is he thinking
I've had about 50 million helpings of
Turkey and potatoes and this is all on
and this corn chef for tomorrow's video
shot this video all the colors down here
come again corn buns big food turkey big
piles baked cheesecake baked cheesecake
I hate even too much food and then I was
forced to eat a cheesecake with ginger
snaps ginger snaps of all the types of
snaps to put in things they chose ginger
well I tell you this and I was not
warned it explodes in your stomach its
expansion it's like putty or something
it was not a fun experience and I did
not leave room for you you left room you
knew you should prefer a dessert really
then I didn't leave any room III did not
budget it forever
I'm stoked I have my little penguin full
of fishes again Karen again point I was
amazing
that's why I came in
what I might do this go go here we go
three two one go
that's what the hell is this it's not a
tomorrow and it's not an apple it's like
a little thing is it a Thanksgiving
thing it's a winter fruit event approach
ah us those foods has two stores full
proof leave your comments below and if
you get it right your win one virtually
I'm spoiled
winners very famous on
little detour the Tesco to get some
sheets for the show anything I came here
for was putting on Christmas cake
19's all that I was putting a Christmas
cake
