you know I absolutely love all right
swim
you've got leftover pizza right so you
put it in some tin for us like so you
have it you have the next day oh yeah
best lunch day ever
do you guys like Co pizza what's your
favorite kinda cold pizza you like Co
Pete's that heat it up or would you
either call the neck say I gotta admit
 we gonna stick this in the meat of
one you know like a little radiation
normal food
chin up day it is tomorrow now this is
only 40 Americans not to be unpatriotic
to Dakota kairos bias but it is tense
given so uh do I have to give you guys
thanks thank you for subscribing
and reading and liking my facebook
following me on Twitter or if you are
following me on Twitter and if you are
liking my facebook or if you're even a
friend of mine on the Facebook if you
are not a friend of mine on Facebook
well I'm not extending a full hand of
thank you Alex and a percentage of all
held off thank you but then I will
expect you to come to meet me halfway
meet me halfway at me on Twitter and
 no no no no no no you follow a
gentleman on to tour and you are a
friend on Facebook and then you write
this group community Facebook page and
then you subscribe to his YouTube and
party to gentleman's dailybooth do you
follow it in the boot you subscribe you
delegate do you like a daily but do you
add a daily boot to be off friend I do
not know
but let's check the description and
click on the lathe I want to be popular
the ocular P popular iwannapeepee IPL
opieop a opieop killer but I can't be
VIP nr+ get like five thousand Twitter
followers
oh yeah jota's word to your mother loves
that exactly
oh is it actually
word to your mother loves it that's how
I don't know that is how I know and the
moon shall rise that me and I shall say
P popular PLO popular P popular popular
are you buying TVs in here you're gonna
be minded by Erica cuz OMA and mommy are
going into town going to do some
shopping
okay so you're gonna stay and you're
gonna mind the house with Erica
I'm Miffy and Nikki an Oreo
hello hey mr. B oh okay a little dirty
boy
I know three boy can I come in you need
to kind of back away though cuz I can't
let you out
we beat no no no no stay in stay in I'll
do you keep her in stay in in this is so
scary
you are so cute
choice looks like she's gonna hug you oh
yes getting jealous
Alvie is that what happened hmm
she's a good girl he's a good boy good
boy
I heard them barking from across the
road so I think it was more so Alvie
though huh is it you are you the bad
influence or aren't you in the weapon
foot hmm which one is it
didn't you hear you
okay i'll be i'll be i'll be stopped
this time to go home now so erica was
attempting to make jobs over the things
they're like mini pancakes supposed to
be thicker and she made them for the
first time and look how they turned out
what the hell is that wood
well it's good for your first time that
one's good I don't know look well then
oh god
this good for your first time they're
hard to wake oh well you you do the next
batch though you know you make like
three more so so yeah eric has drops
good batch number one but you get lots
of the mixture and then you just keep me
from more than three and if you those of
you that are true subscribers will
remember when we got Erica's gap hoodie
Erica she tried on like three different
ones so hands up those of you that
remember leave a comment let me know if
you remember if you can say which vlog
it was from then that's kind of amazing
okay
Erica's gonna vlog me tell your head
students the right way crap in here
Erica that's like only ha what was in
there there was like two other things in
here this is probably why you're not
getting equal amount to burning
watery yeah they're very um do you know
what I mean like spin up we need it up
tick or something alright what we might
do is we might make like a really really
big one you can just have that okay they
look do they taste the same
but kind of what about an egg so we're
back at home from my mom's head and I am
wearing my big humongous sanely huge
jumper it's like oh it's like a man's
extra-large jumper and it's wooly and
it's so cozy the sleeves are like
humongous as well but yeah I'm wearing
this so don't judge me cuz I'm cold but
supposed to get even colder tomorrow I
think anyway so it's Thanksgiving
tomorrow yay by the time you watch this
it will be Thanksgiving so happy
Thanksgiving to all of them celebrate
we're going to my mom says to celebrate
tomorrow and I think her goddaughter is
coming over as well and I don't I'll we
can't wait because he gets to have some
turkey and yeah so today I got some new
flowers finally I also got this
humongous everything you want to say
I'm also got this huge crate of
clementines and then I thought a
pineapple because we never get
pineapples we just like are very boring
with our fruit choices we eat apples
once a week but I really mean Jonathan
doesn't really eat that much fruit at
all yeah so I eat apples but then I also
eat oranges
clementines but we never eat pineapple
and I've never actually bought or cut
open a pineapple before is though yeah
we bought pineapple and then I also got
some of these lights for our Christmas
tree or actually I don't even know what
this is for they will go on our
Christmas tree I personally would like
to get our Christmas Pete I personally
would like dia our Christmas tree by
tomorrow I mean what am I saying
I personally would like to get our
Christmas tree by on Friday because last
year if you like well we obviously
weren't daily vlogging last year but if
you followed our hobby I think he's
playing upstairs if you followed my blog
even last year you would know that we
didn't get our Christmas tree until like
the 23rd or something December so that
was really really bad but that was
because we had moved in December and it
was just like crazy chaotic anyway so we
didn't get our Christmas tree until very
late oh my god he's gone insane what are
you doing are you crazy are you a crazy
boy you're crazy boy what you doing what
you doing what you doing I think
somebody's gone crazy
crazy
yes you just do whatever you need to do
anyway so like I was saying we didn't
get it on - we didn't get it until the
23rd so this year I am NOT going to do
that again
I want my Christmas tree I want my
Christmas tree early this year so I
would love to get it like the day after
Thanksgiving to be honest I know it's
not December yet and used to be well at
least my parents never decorated on
until December at least December 1st so
but I wanted to kind of earn I just want
to enjoy Christmas and just have it like
for the whole month of December so I
might do that might not I'm not really
sure I'll be is going completely insane
oh he's got his chewy toy you know no I
am
you guys can add me as friends on
Facebook right and I'm all cool like ah
let's be friends so this dude out of me
as a friend yesterday right and he sent
me just really a million long letter you
know so I was like all right and then
like sigh thinking he's after him as a
friend and then he sent me another big
long matter and I was like you know what
if you don't you got mud sure was right
that much of the letters
let me oblige you'll see like me to say
Ray Ray
who's awfully sick at the moment the
poor little thing you poor little thing
you must get better you must hold I just
hold tight we're a must you have a lot
to live for
apparently no it's easy if you guys say
query I hope you got better and I hate
being sick actually I don't get sick
that much but when I'm ready to get sick
I am like I am like man sick I am
incapacitated like the world has ended
that's what I'm like oh yeah now down to
some important activities
I'm so tired today I am like destroyed
stroyed dist
because at the studio that I'm working
in in the university we are they've been
inside I forget for the last like five
weeks and they were shooting all these
plates and these models and stuff so
we're getting all the footage back now
and I'm just like you know keen on all
the green screens and cutter correcting
balancing and compositing all the
footage and you know looking through all
the actors and stuff and oh there's so
much words like I don't know today I'm
actually like 300 I put out about 300
clips it's online and each one else
teens is like it's huge like you know
exactly because you matter of production
we're putting at the moments like we're
making her have 50 films into one time
at the same time it's like intense
insane amount of work but I got some
sprite everything is alright when you've
got sprite so just in case you're like
ah you aren't in your usual chirpy
friend enzyme today when Atun is broken
this is a broken man
