they did it again the citizens a radio
any man goes over tell you what no last
night's breakfast routes you go not this
time buddy you get me today and he just
goes got fired I was like episode let us
down the toilet
that's why I like and the things that
they came up with
no-no-no
always the problem though isn't it yeah
the corporate world in the corporate
world hey wait a minute this viral video
thing is really big
I think I'll put a video on youtube just
go ahead and record a video and then it
doesn't work because you can put some
work like that you can't you have to
plan it but you know viral video is very
it's a funny one
you know it's a funny one but
damn
I will inform you of that fact as I say
farewell and hello to the trap
mogera lunch time folks time for some
lunch
hmm now what will I get for lunch today
same thing I get for lunch every single
day go first so I didn't really vlog
today at all and Johnson's gonna kill me
if I don't do something so I'll be and I
are just hanging out at home and well we
did I mean I did I did a lot today but
not anything interesting enough to vlog
because I didn't actually leave the
house except for when we went for a walk
and I forgot the blood and oh my god I'm
so stupid cuz I forgot it
there's a one time that I didn't forget
to bring my camera I realized that no I
don't realize the one time that I forget
to bring the camera that old couple that
I was telling you guys about in
yesterday's vlog they knew who I was for
the first time ever and it actually
recognized me I was like so happy I just
couldn't believe it
I think it's because they had seen me
like two days ago and usually I don't
see them for a few days so when I don't
see them for a few days they never
remember who I am and this time I think
I had seen them like yesterday or the
day before yesterday and they recognized
me and I think they recognized not so
much me but I'll be because I'll be
where's this little coat in the
wintertime so he started wearing his
coat and their jobs Zoe was wearing her
coat and they recognized him there it
like the only two dogs that are at that
going that walk that so far is that
wearing the coat so and they looked
really cute together
the other thing was that a few days ago
the man like the husband because it's a
husband wife
he told me that every time I every time
I meet him they ask me to guess their
dog's age and that's the thing
sorry so every time they meet me they
ask me to guess their dog's age and
their dog is so cute like she's I don't
know what she's one of those ones it's
like she's not a pug and she's not a
Papillon but she looks like a mixture of
the two of them I don't know what that
is she's got a pushed-in face kind off
and then she's got like a tail that goes
around like that but it's fluffy
anyway she looks really young for her
age and every single time that they meet
me they asked me to guess her age and I
know her age now because I've met them
so many times but every time I don't
want to tell them like oh you know
actually I've met you before you just
don't remember because you're old no I
go along with it and I always guess a
different number and she's actually 16
but she looks like - like she looks
really really like a baby a puppy I mean
and yeah so this last time I guessed for
I don't want to I want to just humor
them and then when he taught when the
old man told me that she was actually in
fact 16 which I had then had to act all
surprised because I didn't want that he
already knew this um he well I didn't
have my makeup on or anything cause I
don't usually wear makeup or anything or
get dressed up to go for our walks and
he was like yeah she's she's older than
you she's 16 and I was like thank you
okay so that was really nice so anyways
yeah so I meant to say and they met they
recognized me
and they recognized I'll be but I do
think that maybe the wife has
Alzheimer's I may be that I think maybe
the husband is just like forgetful or
something but I think the wife might
have Alzheimers because she at one point
told me about her dog was a boy and not
a girl and it's actually a girl so that
that was really sad because the husband
then have to correct ransom I don't know
why I'm telling you about this couple
but like I see them all the time and
they're just so sweet and the other
thing that I really like fathom is I
feel like they're gonna start crying now
but the husband he always gets so
dressed up to go for his walk and my dad
used to do that like he's to get ready
dressed up like every single day dressed
in a really nice clothes and old my just
kind of reminds me of my dad
I haven't even cried but yeah he just
always wears like a nice you know shirt
and tie and men don't dress like that
anymore so I think that's white
and now I'm crying about it I don't like
using the broken laptop because if
you've seen it it's got like wires
sticking out of it and stuff well I know
all the laptops have wires sticking out
but like this literally has like wires
like that are all like kind of weird
sick I don't know anyway so I don't like
using that laptop it's not even mine I
broke mine mine is actually up there
this is Jonathan sold on which I also
broke that's the screen of it there so
yeah so I started using Jonathan's which
is a computer that's actually why I'm in
his study but and he found out yesterday
cuz he caught a lot he was at work and
he got logged out of some account or
something like his gmail account and he
was like hello something quiet go so
yeah it was me but it's like a really
fancy schmancy computer and he won't let
me use it so I started using it anyway
because I'm just sick of using the other
one because it keeps disconnecting
Jeannette and that's woody crap so I've
been using this one and I've had to
clean up evidence because otherwise we
get in trouble and I'm not even supposed
to be in this room so I'll show you I
filmed a makeup video and then I brought
all this stuff over to get all the names
like of everything so I have to hide
these I have to put these back in my
room so that Jonathan doesn't find out
what she will cuz he's editing this vlog
anyway but um I don't want him to get
annoyed with me so I'm gonna hide you
tonight oh oh hello little rug hey
little rug but okay if I just walked on
you that's not really going to lead to
your dog sorry this is the kind of
rambly vlog but I didn't do anything
stay like I said and I just wanted to
let you guys know what happened and I'm
sorry about all emotional stuff I didn't
really meet you it just kind of came out
um
because I was vlogging whatever so yeah
um but I'm fine there's nothing wrong
with me I just get emotional sometimes
like last night when we were watching no
the night before that we watched a film
called the Nativity and I kept crying
like every time somebody did like
something really small like it wasn't
even a big emotional part of the movie I
just sort of crying so I think there's
something wrong with me I'm just very
emotional so yeah okay you know start we
can dinner no bite what's that Alfie
who's that just a Dobby look at the town
months Robbie you save us from the towel
monster I'd be careful careful it's a
total monster Allie
fortune tellers rights you know what day
is today
do you have any idea what day it is
today
today is Tuesday - for Tuesday for
Tuesday oh yeah
I'm actually blogged in ages and testo
so hey Oren ESCO ESCO at night has a
different sort of vibe to it it's kind
of empty vibe
all I want is some ham and yet there's
like a billion billion versions of how
what happened to just happen
may I have some Pam please what kind of
how much we like so many varieties
can I have you guys like cool all night
it's cool that like Jen I almost got a
fright in pesco him guest guru no he
seemed so much later than it is because
it's so dark
it's not actually as late as you might
think it is but it feels like it's a lot
later than you think it is because
you're thinking that you're tiny so
don't be taken be thinking thank you
