oh it's quite icy and cold out there not
to not to have the same problem as last
time I'm gonna fill this up with hot
water
now is it going to bring it outside and
pour it on the car this way you do not
have the same problem with last time
probably do a bottle of water
thanks GPM light milk let's go probably
quite peculiar walking along here with a
bottle of warm milk which is a warm look
pinko is a good move though frozen the
catfish again this morning
all right now let's see if the key
actually fits in the door step one okay
it is definitely not as cold and frozen
this is a frozen that is cruising
goodbye I see I miss you
quite effectively
alright that was a lot easier oh my god
it is so closing in the car I should
have wore gloves and a hat and a scarf
and I've gotta start fun I should run a
second scarf it's totally in crisp and
cold and it's it's nice and there we go
it's fresh this morning well forget you
mr. fresh man all those ice in the roads
as well oh my god you guys check this
edges horses in the middle rows
and the police are trying to like push
him away so they don't come onto the
road only in court and there is this
elderly couple that I know they're on
the walk today because I saw their car
apart but they come with their little
dog she's a little one I don't know well
free to this but it's kind of sweet it
was kind of sad at the same time they're
over there every time I go on this walk
and I meet them we have the exact same
conversation every single time it's kind
of sweet
okay three three yeah let's go anyway
whenever whenever I see them I can never
I know her name her name is Zoey the dog
I can never be like he's a week because
we always have to have the same
conversation which consists of
introducing ourselves to each other
so pretty up today eyes are deep bright
from that
you're coming he's my walkie be missing
hi I'm saying hi Brittany
say bye-bye
and she's so cute and you go babe
and I thought goat cheese and then my
mom thought
eggs florentine
so Brandon Thomas is a big department
store in Ireland I don't think it's in
any other country but we're upstairs on
the top floor where they have all the
like home wear and stuff so this is what
and then that's all the homework section
who is the good boy for mommies who it's
a good way for money
good boy yo me voy a boo it's very good
he's dating you minded the house so he's
gonna get a little tricks you're gonna
do me at the shrink do a trick for me
well yeah okay you could go from
standing position but whatever boy come
here Shh calm down okay no we need to
make dinner for daddy
oh yeah Pablo had a good date um I went
and I did I intended on doing but a
Christmas shopping but of course indeed
none with my mom and we had lunch as you
saw I think I know what I'm gonna get my
future mother-in-law for Christmas and
that's about it
I don't usually start Christmas shopping
until December because I don't know I
like doing things like that I don't like
being too planned out like in advance I
like doing it kind of when the you're in
the spirit or whatever like when the
Christmas lights are on and you know the
place is all festive and all that I
don't like during Christmas shopping
throughout the year when it's not
Christmas
doesn't make any sense to me and I know
some people do that you know that's
really good for you you do that because
it's it's a smart thing to do but I
don't know I've never done that before
sometimes I've even left my Christmas
shopping until like Christmas Eve um
maybe not all of it but most of it I've
done that before and it's funny because
you're kind of like rushing and well
when you're younger it's more fun
because you don't really have to get
amazing presents for people like it's
okay if you get them like kind of crappy
presents so I was in school I used to
use I used to leave it until like
Christmas Eve and you're rushing
everywhere
I don't know I liked it but I wouldn't
probably leave it until then like not
late anymore because I'm better now
but yeah shopping and now I need to make
the bed and today
guys I bet you're thinking it's like the
middle of the night or something but I
assure you this is not the middle of the
night this is like half five in the
daytime as I'm driving home from the you
and I who now hold out for sake oh my
goodness
oh my god I can't believe it I've never
been in so much traffic therefore all I
want to do is go home but I have to sit
like a man on the floor please mister
traffic would you move a little faster
I've got to get home a little bit hunger
rumbling in my tummy I want to eat it
now but I can't I'm looking at a cow
spooky in the car spoke in the car I can
see soap bar girls old freak night well
new to wintertime the details of my life
are quite inconsequential my mother was
a prostitute named Chloe with webbed
feet no film Ezra oh did you get is that
the bfg jumper it's so cute
you're like a style they made a
doll of you look I feel like I could
pick you up the corner tippy-toes like
one tea tree we have this new thing now
right forward first on the wing when you
go up and you get something from someone
what did he have to give them I mean you
need to receive proudly but that's a
receipt guys so next time your loved one
gives you a song that you tell them oh
don't you need a receipt with that
what's going on eating my Christmas
sweater yes I should not find this what
happened I hung it up like that's pretty
small well compared to their jumper
you're wearing right now mr. Manzo
it is something refreshing about it a
couple of um actually I say the
boyfriend of this person in that person
a name and it's person who's the
subscriber remember your username right
now your math video sure she said my
boyfriend is a Squidward Squidward I'm
sorry I am sorry no I take missile and
Squidward
you should totally change user name to
Squidward anyway part of it the problem
hold on a second
Holly's 92 I feel really bad all right I
think it's tele am 92 my boy Brandis
lemon squid Squidward lemon squid
Squidward Holly - my friend and
Squidward
where did that make you spongebob anywho
what I was trying to get you all right
let me just sit downstairs
well that was great I should put more
often anyway um my username on the PSN
is Jonathan Joey creative and critical
triptych we learn to work from a stupid
show
now this you can show for deco design a
stupid show so when I'm trying to get at
here folks
we're just taking me quite some time to
be honest it's you can go ahead and add
me if you guys want a new boy have you
got PSN and addresses or anything just
am travelling Toni Jo na tha m jo ly but
that I say yes master Corey no there's
my hay spot Ciccone has about done
dancing and everything jo any tha in GOI
oh there's my PSN as me cuz I'm gonna
try and do some sort of like a community
thing where I can get it depends on how
many people like that will be on at the
same time I know you guys are all at
different times of the day and different
times of the entire world
Wow what's up
thanks l madness 1992 but thanks al GCS
sees its exhaust fumes by crap
I didn't uncover some mystery of the
universe
whenever here mystery and science what
do you think of it all started with the
Big Bang
I love Sheldon Sheldon is the only
reason I watch that show what I was
reading through all those comments I was
kind of thinking lacing the reflexively
we were gonna like a big group of like
new subscribers make my heart warm
