we're on a walk with Erica and lb lb
and it's not that nice of a day but
we're still going for what cuz we're
nice people we love that Leigh so much
let's go let's go and Erica's wearing my
hoodie she looks like me
yesterday we thought she tried on all of
my clothes and she even not really so he
drove all the way over to mama skylights
cuz Erica needs to get some stuff
because she's going to the cinema and
hanging out with her friends I don't
have a key Erica doesn't have a key
factors going across to the neighbor's
house who she says they probably have a
key so did you not have a key I think I
will leave Erica in a bin on the side of
the road kimchi cats food has arrived
for the kitty cats oh come on everyone
food is served for the kitty cats
in traffic gets all not fun especially
when you've got a cold bum bum guys got
frankfurter juice on her through its
part frankfurter is leak juice juicy
frankfurters once again where's the
sweet gun oh you eat it yeah I'm like a
Thanksgiving thing once you got there oh
he's gonna like hang out you know
chillax
see what's going on you know maybe we
check out the boys walking by
disappointingly it's just boyfriends not
boyfriends boys that our friends what's
in your purse tag he's a digital media
man hello digital media man
well that's we got there Pandora buy one
get one free buy nine get one free
Smith's card what's a Smith's card get
the build-a-bear crappy roses I played
Warcraft use all the time fine 9 and get
you 10 free that's pretty cool no matter
what the weather is there's always time
for our trophies let's to build a bad
one that's this one chef and chef chef
Gustav Bob hey is that an official
build-a-bear that's a body shop what is
that it's a mirror paper how does it
work how does it work
it's much paper I've never seen papers
are magical in all my life all my life
I've been full of strife and I've never
seen magical paper twice what have you
done how did you lose your phone yeah
your stupidity see they're in the car or
in find a phone no turn out admits it of
people's so you didn't find the phone
she doesn't know her friend's phone
number and her friend does not know our
address this could be a fun afternoon
we're gonna try and call father friend
and hopefully we have to do a lot of
running he left pretty pretty for a pole
dancer so I was explained to Erica when
she's in the basement of the serial
killer and he's like cutting her up I
wanted to think about the
responsibilities of owning a mobile
phone and not to lose him he's miss
correct hoping that she's outside
cabinets
we can only hope it's not we have no
more life on it is a smoke signal
gallery
press the dark colors you have to
promise that you don't leave Erica to
walk home on her own
yeah what do you guys what he goes get
us me
guys aren't organized oh they grow up so
fast my rule of thumb is no kissing boys
unless they're cute that's the rule
going to the cinema it's not being an
elaborate lie probably gonna go to the
food court
chill out there I don't know whatever
how do you do when you're like a
teenager more like a pre teenager when
you're like 12 and 12 and almost 13
they're kind of like a preteen or are
you do you seem you're a teenager at
that age rules don't apply to me but the
cute boy rule always applies so because
we don't really drink wine and stuff
right well my mother came here whatever
that was you can see back in the blood
and she brought load too like alcohol so
so we've been stuck with these bottles
of wine you know how to snow for a
little while and now we have actually a
reason to bring them somewhere what's
that Percy how Sarah Nathan hold on I
got a message hey I was on to Sarah
would you be able to come to her house
or is it easier if I meet you like we
said no it's easier to meet her at her
house you just were going to the car
park
cuz he's up in my study with the back
window we were talking away there and I
think I'll be hairless and I just put
look to see if he's going to be quiet
and then he was like
he's really sad so I'm I had intended to
drop in to Tesla that's why I'm leaving
him here but I'll bring them just I live
with it was upset about being left who
is upset huh come here come here to me
holy doing why were you crying huh
crying huh oh you're crying huh okay
let's go Oh the traffic the terrific
traffic eh no no no no now excited to go
pole dancing dancing dancing with the
girls you got collected collection did
you say something mr. man did you say
something
did you did you say something murders I
find a new strip class you know
stripping I never forget anything
I'm never really on this road but here's
the port of course that's what the port
of cork looks like
just in case you're ever curious to
watch the ports unimportant like
well there you have it folks
the important of course fantastical my
friend dig some food but she's probably
not gonna eat it
the birds gonna pick at it and tell me
how much she doesn't like it right there
with me all together now
mmmh Thai green chilli sauce with fresh
chili pepper things here the long ones
some green stuff some chicken I think
that's him wraps on the cooker I pretty
darn cool they measure for some parts
Erica doesn't know how to use her
imagination come on
use your imagination
she does not use her imagination Abby
she needs to be entertained when I was
younger we had no TVs no Playstations
think we had an imagination a garden and
a rock my goodness
the epic adventures that would unfold
from those simple things and yet three
gdq's needs to be constantly entertained
with televisions and computers and the
all sorts is that right even though you
have an imagination
no it's upside down
I got a certain free time for pole
dancing
look except it says I'm not Anna those
are my choice for playing zombies I have
to keep Ricky Deeks alive you're gonna
keep me alive
you're gonna rescue me from the hordes
of zombies yeah I hope so I hope so I
hope so I thought was Punjab versus not
wants to be killed by the hordes of
zombies yeah I'm the top guy here the
bottom line
all right just heading into town to
collect Nina after her night of
adventurism which out to me maybe she
doesn't love me anymore
maybe she does not try like just turn
enough you guys want to seek work at
night okay here's a drunken man just
like strolling across the road crazy
drunken man that's the kind of thing
you're expected to see here in court at
night you know so prepare yourself if
you're coming to Cork at night for the
drunken fools the drunken fool around
and I look genuinely surprised where I
was like I'm here and then I look down
at my phone and I realize what the hell
does that mean I've never seen this
little red dot on my phone before I
think that means the message was not
sent so obviously she's like we're
talking matter anyway it's half 12 and
I'm in court city centre why do you turn
on your Saturday night
I'm waiting on a quite a spooky street
wouldn't you say this is what I like to
do while I'm waiting around going shower
Ericka's mine in Albee I thought it'd be
best to bring everyone along thanks cuz
I'm a good boyfriend
stop bouncing stroke husband now stroke
me I'm talking about
