this is a bit grumpy Nathan looks like
in the morning time for coffee guys she
wakes me up like five minutes before we
have to go one of those bikes we're
putting it to bits kind of in a long
time just dropped off mama see that guys
dressed quite properly so grab a Mama's
D check one click there confirm how very
popular later on check to be blinded by
the light of the Lord
we've got Erica for the weekend guys she
didn't know she didn't know excited
excited not yeah just gonna partner
first oh my god Joey should do when
Erica gets back our hostel at the end of
Harry Potter and I can spoil it all for
you you know any blink one time is like
fuzzy yeah if I get filter filter I
think this is rough I like when someone
was like oh my god that's the best name
for a coffee ever it is the best name
for coffee ever I should produce my own
coffees and tell them you buy my coffee
you're like a taste of Nathan
Nathan in your mouth that looks like my
um my teachers mom how's the daughter as
a daughter did yeah can you see her sir
your suggestions for tea are quite good
a job ahead of that I'm gonna happen him
so why did they sell them in like you
know Tess Costa Maya like I definitely
yeah but definitely will check them out
you might be over in Tesco later little
sister stylized teeny-weeny little since
it's a light is staying with us for the
weekend
yeah mama Scala and elderly but a little
- a little - Mina elder - little liner
I've got a table in case you're gonna
see em alan rickman you know the guy
acts like sleep anyway Rickman is in a
play in Dublin cruise down to check that
out
+ and his uncle is an act or torque hey
what's the word what's the word the
factual t there's a word there's a word
of it that's fun
Thanks
the third speed of the arts so he's
doing some em some play I think it's
like a Shakespeare he does a lot of
Shakespeare once he stopped I see the
Shakespeare
although funny story myself Anna Wharram
I don't relive in the UK we're living in
dog you know where the hell where am i
but Hugh's gonna play in there city
center in Dublin we don't want to come
you know so we have we get the tickets
and we head dance we're going in like I
say that his mom was like oh yeah so how
long is this on for you know just a
curiosity it's like five hours it's like
a five hour play of like King Lear or a
King Henry or something who had a king
for five hours guys that was the longest
play I've ever been in like it was
awesome
you know it was amazing because the
actors were like like touching distance
it wasn't a cheap because I was all like
all the other twins it's gonna use the
DVR and I was trying to best pause and
DVR I was like I'm just TiVo I'm just
recording is downloaded later than the
screen
satellite antenna device it runs up an
orange peels back now back now right
this way Bobby Bobby you're welcome
Batman save the day Bobby oh I have very
important business businesses to do I've
got very important statistics analysis
and all sorts of that very important
business stuff so I'm gonna be very busy
what do my business
oh yeah there's a bit of a dress up
going on is there a dress up going on
where's a little mini-me you could rent
a house with the price of that building
yeah we're trying on yeah what kind of
stuff like I have three polo shirts like
that one I'm taking and then she's
taking those jeggings
oh my purple pants purple pants yeah
purple purple purple pants
we also need to go and feed the cats ah
they can just kill birds and eat them
like that's it I have lots of twixes I
think it's an interesting suggestion
twixes for cat food
trade it's good that there's no twigs
here I was lied to
I was brought here and I was misled
excuse me could you answer these serious
allegations there is no pictures in this
house I was promised fixes because
there's no going how we meet again my
own apprentices apprentice I time to
feed the cats two dates will run away
that's up so right here I'm sorry about
smudge now smudge is empty hey are you
it's kind of chicken on it there by ears
what is it like skating on something
dried mangoes mangoes right
my book please all right cool do you
guys ever have some dried mango ears
that's a day look like they look like
mango ears oh I'll be gets off suddenly
comes here and almost not here yes all
confused what I just found guys but yogi
tea yogi tea Christmas collection it's
not crazy cuz loves you guys we're
talking about get the air Gibby
oh my goodness it's myself Christmas
Christmas doesn't taste like Christmas
but this is the yogi T Christmas
collection that all you guys were saying
in the vlog yesterday oh you should
check out yogi T Christmas coaching all
righty well that was pretty easy
there's some pumpkin spice autumn spice
tea bags after a hard day of being a
grizzly bear he likes to sit in his
armchair with some tea I don't know what
that is wouldn't a shrieking shrieking
ooh this one's fancy it doesn't even say
what it is I can't even zoom in on a
window March tea
my eye kind of makes me hate you an
honest birthday present I was like ah
like you know three or four years ago
whatever I made her one for her he was
like you're 20 there was definitely an
idea 20th birthday 22 birthday and here
it is look the wall here see that's it
there because what it is is that you're
gonna dream it's like when I was doing
the casting for that music video I shot
because I was rotoscoping the scene when
a glass smashed so I had all these shots
done and then I just composite them into
this lovely let me step back here so you
can see it actually it's quite beautiful
what do you think not bad my super duper
hot chocolate oh that I made earlier I
think it's time to make more okey-dokey
meeting GOP get the coupes ready this is
the official measuring technique used by
javis now we need a pot that speaks to
us it could be one of these
he's talking about pastor or something
self you know it's not him are you
serious it's not like I either must be
the sky oh yeah that sounds good as you
can tell guys we're not messing around
here we're professionals we use get
breeze drinking chocolate swirl into hot
milk chocolate Fairtrade eyebrows enjoy
and today I'm gonna show you guys this
time I have not going to let it boil
just keep it in our hands keeping our
down dog and a couple of days ago I was
making this manage to let it all
overflow and food they have and it was
very difficult to take it all off it was
very difficult indeed
I feel like I need to sing a song I'm
whisking I'm whisking
I'm with in my heart chakra he's
whisking he's whisking
he's risking his heart I drop it do you
like a hot chocolate in the Monday night
feels like a hot chocolate more than
night would you like a hot chocolate
with javasan Mina of the Kenobi come on
over
exterminate exterminate exterminate
looks like a Dalek we are the Dalek
we are that Dalek we have the Daleks
don't let it open up no no how do you
ruining my thing there look okay I'm
taking it away from you it's a Dalek is
it's a cheese grater in Akron
exterminate thanks peg I'm saying all
that David Tennant I'm gonna say new
doctor who I'm talking about
and I weird long hair don't know name of
said guy I'm not going to watch any more
game at editors minute fine how much the
first episode just to get the seasons
but I can do any justice I'm injective
and love him
