wakey-wakey
hi Joe Nathan Nathan right now it's all
your right bow wakey wakey eggs and
Bakey
winter lovin would like your Lord and
Nathan Joe borrow mine
you know how much do you love your
subscribers that's nice
how much do you hate your haters dot dot
question my creepy-crawlies up your butt
cool breeze tight wheeze now you've got
this youri's gonna flick your head until
you wake up we have so much to do into
your private life you you need to shave
your armpits smelly let is in dear brave
life Jolie why I just made that up but
that's the broom one morning Rolla tough
in there you guys use me why don't I
just go ahead and get a permanent filter
for the coffee instead of using these
like paper filters I don't know you got
a permanent one what does the permanent
one look like where do you get it you
guys know if I can get a permanent one
in court or somewhere in our ends will
be quite handy actually do you mean
common let me know because that would be
quite cool actually no it's like save me
how come you keep buying these filters
all the time and you always end up like
you throw it out when you know but
pile these or filter things oh look
handsome was a handsome devil
nice guys oh yeah check out the
cleanliness Oh fo shizzle I just
vacuumed the entire house vacuuming the
entire house as I just said on Twitter
while posting it to Facebook it's like a
total workout it takes that because we
have this stupid vacuum that if you put
too much pressure on a thing it like it
folds up into a tiny little vacuum
cleaner then you're like hunched over so
I end up using a little sucky hose thing
because it's most effective to do in the
corners and stuff everybody wants
backpack I don't nobody wants backpack
we just found a big huge pile of ducts
lock this actually doctors party because
the water here and you're all blown up
you're gonna sneak I'm gonna see if we
can introduce Albie to the indigenous
population of course let's see if we can
do it going
today what probably all came in laughs
it's actually nice when it's really
really certainly a bright but yeah but
I'm color would like to look at the
destruction of mother nature the way
that leaves no water but it's nice it's
it's more interesting to look at
I don't rain is so inconvenient I'm
playing like black ops what did you say
on Facebook yesterday like how high
water is like it's like right up at the
edge which I think it makes it look much
nicer deal a nice ignore me that's just
like seaweed II and eg stinky come on
Abby God your sons are disobedient you
think oh boy he's a good boy sit sit
lie down where's this mind you live in
Rocky again we used to go to the beach
every day
it's nice to get to see I think you get
drinkies no misty fires we love each
other we love each other so loose carrot
and then the minute he knows he's
leaving yeah yeah yeah like yeah yeah I
chased you away I did this on myself
you're gonna dig a hole he could be like
Minecraft Alvey come on we'll dig down
and we'll see if we can get some more
and then we can make a Miss deal pickaxe
and then we can Orson diamond to make
the diamond pickaxe so that's the style
area makes version that in there watch
your hand
here's what I made earlier Thanks oh the
painstaking pains of trying to buy a new
car while trying to buy a new car
buy an old car whoa haha right buy an
old car remember our Bora broke there a
while ago we've been using and Mama
Stylites
well I'm saying mama starlites it's like
old the father styler it's car which
sister styles how it needs to use nails
to learn how to drive
so we can't really use that much anymore
so we're trying to find a car for our
smell fees but I don't buy a brand new
car you know because it's like that's
like nobody expensive so I was like what
I like you know I mean we can probably
find some like cheap used car but a nice
a nice cheap used car not cheap I don't
want used to work cheap because I want
good quality but buying a car shucks
please are saying em but what countries
haven't we think on an MC T in Ireland
which means it's very good way of
gauging the quality of a car because
every two years cars have to pass this
test to see if their Road worthy so you
know you see a lot of nice cars but then
you're like oh it's NCT ready or it's
like it's ready for its NCT it's like
whoa can't you just put a true the NCT
and then I'll buy it off it it's like oh
why don't you put a true the NZD it's
like a boom so you gotta find a car
that's like just so we're looking for an
NCT of like 2012 means they kind of
certified a car till 2012 and like 2012
is the end of the world anyway so why
bother like it but why bother you from
planning anything past 2012 things like
December 2012 Mayan calendar ends the
world is destroyed
it's over but tell you what guys I will
not stop daily vlogging even of the
world that's a fact it's so fatso so M
yeah what car do you guys think what car
would you recommend guys for us to buy
leave you some suggestions or give me
your car 100 yen er no disk or it's time
to make monkeys on a midnight Monday day
it's not even Monday anyway but it
doesn't matter okay for a month to Tesco
to Tesco to Tesco turn off for a munch
to Tesco to Tesla and let's go
I was getting a little out of control
there somebody said that I'm where are
you
Eugene knows we need to get new flowers
who the flowers are dead
I'm gonna get new flowers for kitchen
Oh better roses now
or just get like the bouquet I look at
this one
Scott Kalitta
all right the Daisy type one
with this
when our plans orchids
collection
that's so cool make it a size it it's
like the same size as you ya know take
the same size as you yeah it looks like
talk to them
did you so big are they
fix with hashem is it he's a home nog
and it was like Robin Hood see yesterday
I was saying we got the 26 check this
out Oh
28 oh he asked you should upgrade get
that meeting pretty awesome either so
Dave here oh what's that what's that 29
god busy I'm vlogging
I've no time for today
