she wore an itsy-bitsy teeny-weeny
yellow polka-dot bikini that she wore
when the first time we met I don't know
why the song is in my head this morning
but I can't get it out of it so I
thought I would share it with you
hopefully it will stick in your head all
day long we can't be together singing
this song good morning interwebs
it is Wednesday morning I don't know
what date it is because I never pay
attention to that kind of thing I'm
going out to lunch if you watched
yesterday's video then you'll know that
I thought that I was going yesterday but
I got it completely wrong we're actually
going to lunch today so finally I got it
right and I'm kind of just waiting for
my bus but this is the moment where I
have to do the really difficult task of
putting Alvie upstairs in the study and
leaving him at home which I hate doing I
feel like such a bad mom every time I do
this but he kind of needs to be left
alone sometimes which sucks for him but
and it sucks for me as well because his
face he makes is so cute and so sad
but luckily Jonathan he's coming home I
think a little bit earlier today so
that's good because that means you won't
have to wait so long
oh he's very so cute ILD and he knows he
always always knows when it's coming but
we just went for a walk so you should
feel okay right
okay let's get you ready and put you in
daddy's study okay do you remember I was
saying like oh what's that man thing and
a couple you guys were telling me that
it's gonna be an ice rink but look I
think they finished it while they finish
the outside you can kind of see it now
look you can see that a cork on ice
not breaking nice game I have to admit a
pretty good ski you know a skiing
no problem snowboarding yeah I don't
like it so much because your bum gets
wet but skiing definitely I love skiing
ice skating ice skating up so much you
know it's Oh when you fall over if you
weren't Jesus online then you geez get
when you're frozen your bum ass or and
ice is pretty sort of fall on and you
guys got an ice skating and you guys
Olympic ice skaters heard something or
other I know was saying that she's good
at her because she's the rollerblades
when she was younger now I didn't do no
rollerblading I didn't think no roller
bitin I used my fruits to walk around so
let me know you guys rights kidding you
guys from Cork heading on gonna head on
down to the cork on Ice in tumbler as
far as I need to do the same you knew
did you they do the same thing it's got
seven up on ice so that's by the same
thing but uh yeah ice skating mm-hmm
looking forward to getting my bumper
broken so got the filters let's not let
that happen again
I don't know if you can see it I'll move
up a bit see you guys can't you see it
but there is a giant polar bear see the
giant polar bear oh ho ho Merry
Christmas had all these plans today guys
and now it's like well I'll just have
one kick game a zombies you know just
before I get stuck into bee's knees so
we're trying to think what the hell I'm
gonna do but now look 26 that's pretty
good going I think
make the dinner exactly I want the boat
you didn't make it yesterday there's a
sun shining in my living room look it's
all still awaited silhouetted someone
asked me when I was talking about the
apprentice and someone have to come and
they were like oh so is that the Irish
Brenda UK or was that the Irish
apprentice or the one with the Lord
well I am sure you Lord Sugar it's not
Lord Lord : it's not Cullen Lord at the
car dealership : anyway so who do you
have who do you want to win someone
asked me who do you want to it they said
do it say I'm sure you got isn't she the
one you hated the most
yeah no wait you got the girl with the
short hair and she wears stupidest
weirdest shoes the glasses they're from
a regular choice she's a regular is that
original choice they're gross shoes
they're like oh multicolored and weird
and like strange just short hair but
based on humor TM if you watch the last
apprentice right and you saw in a
snippet for next week it looks like
Barry kind of messes up big time didn't
it so I don't like he you know I made in
fairness like he took care of his two
earrings to be on the show three
hearings in the show I got that
that's the words of winning brings in a
little Today Show I don't mean like I
like what he looks yeah you know that
guy will who looks like oh yeah yeah
yeah he looks but he's no personality I
was like alright I'm a businessman I
businessman I really don't like that
ball what about the girl the English
girl oh yeah it all happened months ago
anyway it's actually funny you know last
summer when we were when we were working
with that project thing we learnt till I
ended up and loads of parties and
lunches and stuff and we actually met
and Brian is this name Brian this is
named up Ryan O'Brian the boss guy Bill
Collins Bill Collins right-hand man
anyway yeah we met like and you had all
the apprentice people like frost you
like Geraldine and them boys your mind
the funny guy from cork brush me in all
ends up you can actually check out our
channels or stuff you see all the stuff
there boy I remember your mind and the
bills who I had a man like you want
history nice you didn't well I was still
hanging doll things yeah he was really
nice he's not scary at all in real life
he's like you know he's not mean or
anything yeah I didn't get to meet
Jackie
she was at the party but she I don't
think so I know I don't think she's
meeting there some known as it cuts to
her she's like slapping yourself yeah
probably even bill is nice yeah it's
pretty Margaret's gone from English
right and you have this many days to do
it and it's like they can just call up a
place just make it happen
all across real it's like the ink
tires when they have like a two hundred
euro budget the English one they might
get like 800 pounds see let me see the
money and then a stick just like yeah
let's get an airplane to fly by right
it's a bite on islands okay Randy I
likes David the crazy David you forget
that okay characters is not like a crazy
character there's me you should be on
our apprentice basically Ryerson tribes
we got this it's a back or like you know
about and it's kind of big like this and
then they open the very top they don't
have it they open the top and then they
stuff it with whatever you want like I
had tuna and peppers and
and all that stuff and then they pour
cheese all over so it's basically like
you get this little cup of or like bowl
like bread bowl of cheese and stopped
whatever tuna and then if they have the
other little half or like part that they
kind of cut off and its got like mayo
and sweet corn on it and it's really
really good so you should totally go
there okay and I have pretty good
Brandis too but you be going pole dance
and seem to work that off it's the only
career where I think someone put your
since should we say your your your
talents and some heels shorts and heels
there's Mary you can cast oh because
Rebecca doesn't either and Rebecca I
think aside from Sarah who will know
each other in there because the rest are
Sarah's friends but we don't know who
are all professional strippers but I'm
gonna bring Eric how long yeah sure your
mama love that backpack what's this
who's this man in your bed anyone has
the ps3 and has black ops and I was
thinking we could kind of do for fun
sometime I can give you guys my ID we
can all join like I can create
like a lobby a private lobby we can get
all you guys in like if you're just
stealing from your boyfriend or husband
or just saying like you don't give me
that give me that
wouldn't it be fun because you have a
mic and everything up cameras if you
want but you have Mike C talk away and I
just I don't know I think it would be
fun because I've got like I don't 70 or
80 people like friends on my PSN
whatever I think it's fun I'm not sure
and because every time we go online you
end up like meeting someone and having
fun with them like and it's just it is
so much fun you know I was thinking what
if it kills them invite like invite the
community I'm for some time algae to
time the mind which T I used to be like
a pure coffee only type of guy you know
I would never ever touch tea at all but
Hannah gets all these like no he's like
flowery T's you know that's it they
taste like it tastes like flowers or
something you know
do you guys strain that stuff's gonna be
some suggestions of some other ones that
I should try cuz I'm honest like this
tea buzz at the moment no more like what
are you kind of teas because I thought
like coffee for years now I know all the
different I when I found my warning
growl ah and I love my morning growl ah
cuz that's probably do you know the core
coffee roaster guys I love that coffee
and tea tea you guys drink do you guys
drink arse on it lady great living
Hannah Earl Grey and Lady Grey or any
kind of cool teas you don't give you
some suggestions give me some comments
of some teas that you guys like then I
could drink it and I could be like just
tastes revolting as far as becoming very
tea 'some tedious
