you know what time it is Albie you know
what time it is
I'll be you wanna show about the zombies
you know I saw like the zombies they're
zombies
they're zombies zombie oh you ain't
caught with your hustle and bustle huh
where's mommy mommy
mommy's in the shower mom is in the
shower over there somewheres my puzzles
she's in the shower I'll be me how to
interfere Courtney knows computer worst
sin of the world even worse than running
out of milk at least it's not luck you'd
force yourself top of black coffee we
ran out of filters I'm trying to use
yesterday's filter well the problem with
it is that I think it's gonna allow all
the little thingies sneak true oh boy so
hobbies gonna get a haircut today gonna
try and get him cut or cut him
it's just a little bit tighter than
usual because this girl tends to leave
them just a little bit long and I think
that it's kind of annoying because when
he gets wet he has these little dangly
bits here snip it all off to shave him
down he's a boy needs a tight haircut
are you excited happy except for your
haircut you gotta get your hair did and
your chair smashed hmm oh yeah good boy
and they're gonna smell like ck1 aren't
you exactly that's what I said whenever
I'll be comes back from this particular
rumors if you will he always smells a
bite
I don't know whatever shampoo she is or
whatever it's just I keep keep thinking
it smells like ass CK one you know at
Calvin's Khan's mouth but it's actually
I'm quite fine now so that was come on
give him a sniffing I'm like that's so
cool you know one used to be when we
have is that is like a coconutty one so
that's you to know what to CK one it's
kind of it's kind of cool
now for a tasty breakfast Jordans
foods Lee's a busy businessman and you
don't have time to pour a cereal into a
bowl and have yourself a nice tasty
muesli in the morning heavens fear is no
sir here isn't happy to sell for
Georgians foosley muesli bar they're
mushy they're squishy
they're tasty in your tum tums in
comparison to yesterday's I'd almost say
it's actually warm out here this morning
cuz it's kind of like well it's not ice
cream but it's definitely definitely
warmer everybody noisy Bernie's birdy
num-num Aberdeen um time Jamie in fact
uh you gotta rub me the right way if you
wanna be with me there's there's a price
to pay
we gots the radio in the morning times
I'm a genie in a bottle baby oh come on
gimme yeah hardcore hardcore the first
day I have a radio what does it do
spoiler alert so I don't watch the Irish
Brenda's on TV because if you don't
watch try again normal kind of vision
you don't actually have a television or
a television news you like everything
online so tonight the day after I'll
probably watch the Irish to practice on
the TV gxi gives you not eat but problem
is um good old a red a fat man had to go
ahead there and tell me who got fired
yep they just couldn't hold it in they
thought it was they didn't have to get
it out there and III done bloody stuck
my finger down and depressed turn off
and I had your first part of his name
and there's only one of those names
how around Anna oh is that her wha
I bloody spoiler alert not everyone
watches it on the night that it's on
hate when they do that oh god how many
times have apprentices been ruined to me
I remember about two three years ago a
South banana we were in an airport I
haven't a clue where the hell we were
going or where we were coming from but
we're in an airport and a guy in front
of me it was to Prentiss final it was an
Irish final all right
what is it UK final oh I don't know but
we had avoided for like three or four
days because we were like travel around
I didn't get to see it and I remember
take just probably in London or heechul
on our way home or something and I'm
just in front of me was a guy reading a
newspaper and you know when you're kind
of like sitting there bored and you
start reading someone else is staying
you know and he flips over the page
right there huge regard to go about the
winner of The Apprentice I was like I
went over I ripped up his paper
I didn't that would be kind of funny but
god damn spoiler alert uh okay I think
it's safe
yes it's lunchtime so Alby and I I'm so
stupid I thought I was meeting my friend
Rebecca for lunch today and then it
turns out it's actually tomorrow and I
just had it wrong
and I was like starving no because
you're like usually I'll have lunch in a
bit one and I have breakfast like really
early this morning I had to bring him to
the groomers and so I've been starving
myself waiting until 2:00 but that was
when we were gonna meet up and then I
just texted her and then I just realized
that it's tomorrow not today so we're
making lunch now and I'm absolutely
starving and how cute the LD look and I
have some really cute Christmassy socks
I know it's not Christmas yet but
yeah even have my money ready and
everything so stupid so we have my 20
billion kajillion bagels so it's
actually probably good that I'm not
having lunch oh there's so many things
somebody needs to eat them oh we do that
for you silly Billy that's my towel he's
sick your breath so I made my lunch and
this is what I'm having it's just lunch
for one cuz I'll be well he has his own
lunch over there behind the door but
this is what I'm having I'm having a
handful I just took a bite out because I
was very hungry sorry but I have a bagel
with ham and cheese and apple and some
grapes and this is what my parents used
to do this is what I remember from when
I was little
this is how my parents you stick your
boss grapes I don't know if any of you
guys do that too but my parents used to
always give us grapes in like a little
bowl with water because that's how like
they've wash it so they'd like wash it
and then drain it and then put more
water in and we'd always get grapes like
that so it always reminds me of when I
was little but it's kind of a cute way
of serving grapes I think so
I started doing it again so Albie is
really really hyper because he wants my
food and we've stopped feeding him human
food really like at all unless it's like
a little boom chicken and ham sometimes
but that's about it so I'm gonna give
him a treat you want a treat
you wanna treat treat from mommy
you ready you're not getting the whole
thing though you're just gonna get a
little bit okay all right
do something cute sit good boy good boy
another thing on her beautiful beautiful
day in County Cork Ireland
I'm nice how nice how lovely
mother nature knows exactly what I want
who knows exactly what to give me and
this dark cold disgusting horrible
November guys you guys are creative with
your ideas okay stop
froze and cruisin I'm quite fond of
those actually it's quite cruising out
here or froze and someone else said it
sprawled unlike tea people said it's
froze so I mean after all this natural
world is from the world are closing
anyway well done it's pickles thirteen
and beat them up 207 this is the cutest
little monstrosity I've ever seen in my
life
like it is right you do this in here
just roll over Oh every time mm-hmm
rolls over
oh you guys but I get you you're so
small again he's such a little small E
is that all links for dad mommy mommy
ready
okay so Nina's idling in here mommy my
cranky cranky at us you gotta get cranky
with no plugs here what you got going on
here oh that's right what's this now
that's your mad dolphin pose you're mad
mm-hmm I love this one yeah can you see
this
okay Oh y'all red and green and blue
what I don't know you know I just think
uh some white balance that's it's
already in Cole's name colors now get
back to work
what's your perfection imperfection
video not going to upload them do it
itself thing it's called my perfect
imperfections you don't have any
imperfections baby how do I look like a
yellow Smurf explain that to me please
okay you leave you leave you forever
right yes make you a hot chocolate
