oh boy actually ice on the ground and on
all the cars you know I stop it is so
wintery and gold
I am absolutely slipped like she says is
that frozen cue and actually in I'm not
making this up guys it is so frozen he
will not actually go in the door why
she's playing that someone I'm sorry
couldn't get into my car because uh my
door is frozen now I managed to get this
flight over the door actually open but
as you can tell someone this is becoming
a problem
this is ridiculous
door open I tried to use a coin there
mush it in but you can see the buttons
okay Mesa I got it yeah
so I actually have to do I got a
screwdriver out of the boot I have to G
I got the boot open because a lot easier
there's a screwdriver in the back
hey heavens no I better open Oh God
and this one closed okay now just try
and get the driver's side door open
okay step one
completely step to mystify the window so
the world becomes and boomed by a nice
living room
Gogi office I'll fix it just go ahead
and turn the wipers on spread a little
water
no I can't maximize that
oh yeah oh it's all happening now
are these obvious bed to keeping warm
gee
you know
oh boy
so since she's been a cold day today
I'm in here
that's the stuff of legends making true
breaking joke
now I don't think it's safe to drive but
just this little
Jimmy always get a hard time
we're action break actually breaking
drew here guys
the other side
was even mounting over here
okay well that was really scary I love
living in our sort of isolated
compounding place we live in you know
it's kind of like there's not many
people go down there so there's hardly
any traffic you know and it's very like
on its own you know the entire sort of
area but as I was driving just there
there are whole place covered nice big
car is sliding from side to side where's
I'm on a motorway now and obviously
there's like thousands of cars here so
there's no I devote myself to the roads
and stuff but in that little that little
area is just in there as I was going
through the car was like sliding from
side to side it's a really weird feeling
when the car like slides underneath you
you always feel like I just does not
feel right okay maybe in some James Bond
movie where he's got like ice skates in
the car that's perfectly acceptable Oh
guess what folks this thing James Bond
Ciccone Jolie's
you wouldn't ink it because the Sun will
come up a long but this is the same
morning and yet over here it's located
in sunny but I assure you it is frozen
cold it may be lovely and sunny but it
is frozen cold frost the color was the
green of the room and you know trying to
make a word up where I can work Rosen
and coal together but I don't think it's
even possible for me leave me a comment
if you can come up with a word that
merges frozen and cold but you have to
be able to actually say the word not
just valid just a little FYI for the
guys in the government planning
department probably not such a great
idea to have the thin collection quarter
to nine on the main road leaving up to
the university color causes a bit of a
traffic problem range wire
we're just shopping for Christmas
decorations and like other stuff and
look what I found
I like this but it's kind of small like
his food is baked I mean it would fit in
one of these but put your hand down
we're don't feel it moving underneath
you we've got the cutest Christmas
decorations ever and my mom is taking a
- and I'm taking two so my Cherie
oh I'll be not a toy LOV so we also went
to the Italian shop it's like a proper
actual Italian shop and it's kind of
like a warehouse all so they have stuff
that you could usually only get in Italy
sums up olive oil and I got these oh
yeah and I got pizza dough so that we
can make
I didn't get any because last time when
I got tons as well and I still haven't
used it cuz Jonathan doesn't really like
pasta so I can never make a but I
love pasta so I'll be anyway so we got
lots of pasta lots and lots and lots of
pasta and some going to Misty's health
who's a good girl that's a good boy
finally you know guys ever since the the
car broke and we've been using this car
I haven't bought a radio and because I
was told there's no radio in the car I'm
sitting in traffic and I kind of bored
so I'm routing my fine look what I find
I find the radio there was a radio in
the car the whole time do you guys
believe in aliens or what do you guys
think is out there how I asked you this
because I don't know if you guys been
watching the news today but NASA's units
historical press conference about a
discover an exceptional object in our
cosmic neighborhood what could this mean
they said it was that 12:20 p.m. which
is supposed to be yep he just must be a
half five hour time so I'm really
intrigued to see what this is
probably nobody 100 video comes out this
seems to be yeah it seems to be big news
but I am this is what I was doing at the
time that we found out that do is
extraterrestrials I think I don't know
false alarm guys trying to be a backhaul
which is great which is which is great
at all right well as a Chandra finds
youngest nearby black hole that's
totally awesome worrying for the
scientists but you know I thought we
were gonna have I thought I was gonna be
able to expand my audience you know I
was like so you know subscribe you're on
earth subscribe if you're on Saturn or
Pluto or Venus of Mars or mercury or
Pluto wait a minute that's not a fad no
more shame I miss Pluto Pluto was a good
planet being Pluto a little bit his name
again well this is a fine sight to
behold
good-looking chicken what is it a
Mexican chicken as you get the chickens
from Mexico
do they have a visa to be in the country
passer by evoking we have to eat it we
do okay Oh who's that
joven apis cause there's Mina's one yeah
put it up now it's been there's always
line my mom said that these little totes
drills are like firlock okay except my
Super Mario Brothers look yeah you hit
them you go big and look like coca-cola
bears coca-cola Pascal bears plant a
button fun I think I'm ready to admit I
have a problem I have a new addiction I
think it's time that I
with you guys now I don't know if you're
aware that this exists but I think you
need to go and check this out for
yourself and see how you feel like it's
called minecraft and it's likely
addictive
hello mr. sheepy man hello it a little
bouncy sheepy man
hello bouncy sheep you mad look I lose
my plants and I will break him - my
world my humongous world another little
sheep hello Bertie shake can i name you
little sheep can i name you can you be
my friend
hey hello you guys play Minecraft it's
like it costs $20 to buy it or which is
like I don't know 16 euros or something
I had to buy the whole game I think it's
like just Google minecraft or you can
get a free one but in a free one there's
no animals also zombies come at
nighttime and they like steal all their
stuff and kill you and spiders and all
sorts of stuff this thing guys this is
like this is farmville 2.0 this is crazy
and you can do anything you want didn't
world you can put it on to like peaceful
mode we just like just no zombies you
just go around like building things and
enjoying your world
nighttime tradition time night time
tradition to come out to eat I'm not
time tradition time gonna get some
caramel tea time Pharisee will do nicely
for camera mop for you and me go get
your cattle boil the water up pour it in
nice fill yourself up it's nighttime
tradition time it's caramel qi4l be ing
to my downstairs bed so let me get this
straight you woke from your slumber and
you came downstairs to get into your
other bed and have more slumber what a
slim Boreas life you live hmm sulla
Maurice while I was mocking the American
economy not that I was mocking americana
me basically talking about your D
valuation of your currency someone said
like oh they saw that the Germans are
quite concerned about the Irish economy
their GDP represents while you're like I
don't know like 50 times what we do and
our does output it's quite small plus
there's a lot of debt our debt and
versus our GDP you know there's a
massive debt of it there so think about
our currency not be dividing atoms
because we're based on the European
Union but it's probably going to some
sort of a dead weight at the moment you
know you're not helping the situation
Josephus
I'm just keeping everybody happy it's my
job my job is to keep all other people's
happy your own time it's all you gotta
do you gotta turn off the television but
all they're saying is bad I turn off the
radio that's all they're saying is you
gotta turn off the newspapers you gotta
turn off all of that craps watchin
Ciccone chonies will make you laugh yeah
we're not gonna save the world focus but
you know we're gonna do but I have a
good old time in the community that's
what we're gonna do that's what I
represent - good times all the times
every single time a monster is stirring
in the house tonight
