I hate the wingman code yeah yeah but
hey guys
fake pink Christmas tree think that's
something like tons of as the wingman
code has been invoked Here I am back in
the middle again excited some fun
barking at these people oh yeah go for
the big one okay get him in the ankle
take it take a man down
this happens to me every time and nobody
ever believes me that ring look at this
fine banquet we have here what it is hmm
it at the banquet fancy banquet come on
chop chop chop chop
yes I've arrived for a midday lunch
did you have fun out me they can loan me
there by the lounge lounge
who's the lounge lounge as you have fun
fun fun
otherwise we have pumpkin soup I had the
beef the spiced beef with the bread it
was like apple strudel type of thing or
so oh it's like an apple cake but
appletini crunchy apple the light I must
like it with mascarpone mascarpone
Joan a pudding been sitting here for
like about three months now
seriously three months of traffic I'll
be safe ma no winners day hello funny
happened oh my godness guys look we can
enjoy a sunset together
give me a hand my loved one hold the
hand of a loved one sorry but hold the
hand of a loved one right this instant
grab your nurse sunset on a Sunday we're
gonna go it together guys just you and
me Oh
punchy entire internet I stepped in some
mud run around they just have a good
time come back before the Sun goes and I
had hair
oh I go with the hood head I got a hood
head not look at it cool don't you can
pick up the colors oh we're gonna go
home
oh I got it
you do that again nice to get ticket oh
there you go
The Sun has gone guys the Sun is set we
enjoyed the sunrise together this one
said actually sorry wasn't a sunrise now
before we get stuck into this you're
tired after your walkies oh this is that
and then he had to price it twice and
you have to go a little everything look
at my thingy
yah yah when it doesn't know the thingy
that was it hurts me
okay let's make tea for mommy tea unlike
hot cocoa
he takes a moment it only takes a mere
girl huh
fall in love before me love with me well
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do teaching I
don't know what song that is I've never
heard of that song in my entire life
because I'm a man's man a man's man if a
man's man because I'm like a woman's man
not a man's man so if you're a man's man
does that make you gay someone asked me
a question there is it true that there's
a headless horseman that goes around
Harland
and maybe sees you at night kills you or
turns you into a ghost or something I
can confirm there is no headless
horseman that goes around Ireland and
turns into a ghost what do I add it my
videos with you could pretty much video
at a video your edit you're gonna need a
video isn't pretty much anything like I
use Adobe Premiere only because I work
professionally and digital media so I
have like the full production setup so
for me I use Adobe Premiere to like
capture edit and then to encode I use
the Adobe encoder which I can actually
remember what's that called but control
am buying exporting today encoder
hitting codes at the h.264 and then I
upload it to YouTube pretty darn
standard but like you can get like Corel
Video Editor by 3:00 I bought that for
Anna because it's very simple it's when
it's not even a be editing it's one
single timeline chop chop chop export
for YouTube HD upload to YouTube it's
really simple and it's like thing goes
like a hundred dollars or something
which is probably like I don't know 80
euros 70 80 euros something like that
the dollar is their daughter is really
bad at the moment what what did you guys
do what do you do okay
because I was looking at it yesterday um
no Beth day before we were just checking
out something and we noticed that that
Donna was really really really low which
is kind of crap like if you well it's
good if you buy
in the US but like that's just thinking
like what that how would you do so guys
why don't you to to your economy
okay you guys could just go ahead and
line raise that back up that would be
awesome
thanks you have been found guilty by a
court of your peers for being crunchy
and tasty and I sentence you to the
guillotine
no no goodbye no container so on hand
what kind of show the craftsmanship be
he he is for a bagel well it's not
really a be it's more of a let me stop
playing me food
now am I gonna toast this Oh waiter my
bagels ever gonna be ready
one of my bagels ever gonna be ready Wow
how do you do I like to put a little bit
uh coarse ground pepper must be coarse
ground ground like of course than a
horse too much but I don't care I
sprinkled a little bit on he's put a
little bit on he's a little bit on if I
put the pepper into my sandwich had it
some cheese and then I'm going to crunch
crunch yum yum and crunch crunch
rat-a-tat-tat I hear at the door who is
this but a stupid whore
wait want a beer yogurt I tell you that
hey the vanilla one because it's the
only nice one I didn't miss it
hold on why are your socks different
colors no no no take two take two u8t
rarity that time scary a pirouette
Oh make sure you go now you have to turn
your body and then have to lift your leg
up to get the momentum oh it's the
official style that workout and to work
your time girls
oh yeah
guys I think I may have something I'm
stuck in my leg I'm not sure I think
there might be something down here any
big push well it's not one maybe yes oh
that's not supposed to be like that she
goes after you because that's from the
Tom Cruise film risky business Missy
comes in and is pants at the start it's
a stop
you
