we'll be the day that I'm going to run
into every single ex girlfriend I've
ever had in my life and or everyone I've
ever wanted to I don't know be better
off wearing like the worst clothes ever
because like it's Iranian : it's kind of
like a bedroom day but it's like right
we've got to walk a B so would I check
out my attire okay so you're wearing
this cream fleece outdoor discovery
fleece that you got from well actually I
got for you because you were completely
record from little bit and then you've
got well those are nice for the bedrooms
from Tesco and then you've got these
about 300 euro shoes these tights that
they don't I don't them to get all I
have the same moister pick up yeah yeah
that's my trademark
exactly okay so he'd be stylin on the
subject of meeting ex-girlfriends we're
just saying there's this M segment I saw
another one of sporting a might being
like the fashion show or one of those
kind of you know sitcom me things not
asleep let me think
whatever clip show slowed the color I
know but it was this guy right and he's
meeting with his ex-girlfriend you know
and him you're sitting in in this cafe
and she's like hi how are you has tags
he's like Oh how's things with you it's
like well you know I met this guy and
things are working out but then I kind
of fell apart but you know works really
good and you know I'm holding it
together and stuff where - like so you
know has things that you like you know
it he's well he's like well actually
yeah Jamie I became king of Spain she's
like why he's like yeah yeah sorry but
yeah the king of Spain it was really
finalized bite it I'm probably not doing
it justice but it was really really
funny you know my team meetings on what
I'm like what's on he know like being
successful one day but doing a king
what's wrong man
slowing down the team slowing down the
team that's because we missed that in a
Thursday tradition we decided to go
ahead and ordered Domino's pizzas now my
pizza arrives okay we just like in
normal size it's Anna's pizza I think
it's like the top quarter what's that
like a slice of pizza think away you're
a little slice of pizza
oh boy they're for Albie I'm gonna watch
some NCIS
sorry you guys probably don't watch NCIS
but hello I think we had this
conversation before and I think we
establish you did watch NZ RS sometimes
they leave midnight months when a pizza
is just not enough for most kinds of
little helping you see our little Tom
comes up is just need up just a little
bit more I also want to get batteries to
my little horsey car because if I don't
buy batteries I feel like I'm never
gonna use it I'm also present yet like
you can actually see the condensation
oh my god guys right so coming down here
Tesco you're not gonna believe who we
see the difference difference in the
distance it's here I think she's waiting
on it sister style diet and sister saw
my friend we're gonna see if we can
catch up whenever say hello
let's try anger one with the moms doll
that we found mama style I had in Tesco
to find sneaky sweets I bet we just get
around in front here he's like being
disobedient who has not come out yet her
driver is waiting the time we see a dog
and I somehow makes friends with the set
dog
he said the Maltipoo yeah he's all like
12 and I'm the first time they knew it
was because they were in y'all and their
outlet here and so he walked out to
parody the driver brought him out like
this and they couldn't believe that they
thought it was like it was a job
they did not explain
that was when they realized because he
always used to walk that he's fine haha
but it was just because he is telling me
that look where my hand pointed might
forget the batteries because all I had
was like the juice are really really
expensive batteries and I'm not spending
15 euros on batteries no sir
it's being at the whole cake place to
ourselves what they do if you're
stranded in Tesco and you have an entire
cake selection all to yourselves I think
you have to eat all the cakes I think
there's some sort of a rule or you've
got to eat all the cakes yourself yes
well I think you're keeping good now
frosted fancies and then it was fiendish
funsies keep kicking up I'm thinking
again some Christmas cake Christmas cake
our festive bakewell's
I'm not sure cuz it's like Christmassy
so feel that I should do indulge in
something Christmassy drive love pudding
I love pudding pudding is like the best
thing ever
someone yeah I'm on the article yeah
tell the people
so Anna's done they don't watch them I'm
being forced to go somewhere guys
nothing no Nina what happens if I play
tonight tell me another lie if you play
tonight
it means I got it goes somewhere I don't
want to go to tomorrow I don't think
that's fair she executes a cold wingman
but look at it no way it's trying to be
asked for no it's friendly the defendant
our times there's cheapskates just look
at it it's like imagine had someone on a
pony playing polo and they call it Ralph
Paolo el Pasto can you see when someone
invokes the wingman code the other wing
man or woman must step for it into
action the call of action the call of
the wingman and you guys have any
wingmen our wing women and my wingman
Ling Wang
wait a minute that's not the real song
That's not me that's a made-up songs
drink some milk frozen calls
I'm not going to become prestige all by
myself you guys understand okay I think
I might like rank 20 I need to get to
round 50 and then I can go prestige one
11 o'clock you may eat log off no we had
captured the headquarters I was on a
roll anguish okay just like The Blair
Witch or something yes all I'm missing
is some snot on my nose like my foot
like my foot like my foot new tradition
oh yeah chocolate oh hi chocolate or
chocolate Oh everybody that includes you
I want to hear the song sing it
Hakan lagged oh well you can happen huh
get it right yeah Frank
why boy alright hold on to your hats
folks because we're moving up a gear
gonna make ourselves some hot chocolate
hot chocolate you say to us oh yeah fire
fire first things first
apart not just any part listen to the
pot and if the putt talks to you the
pipe should say well I say to you sir
good day good day the perfect amount of
milk oh yeah this is my cup just so we
know because lazy face wouldn't come and
watch our own cup so she gets the small
cup why do you think that is I'm a man I
don't have to do laundry and he
oh she's got a weapon of mass
destruction
I take our Margie's life is today I'm
going to do what's my first what so
what's in your purse Tesco bag have
anyone say no be something in there know
what he was all like happy as Larry say
nothing
you know the Raven now what I tend to
use for this situation is a whiskey well
there is the sturdy assistant we need
you to watch this assistant I find it
helpful of you cuz the Frog penis is
what makes the children smile mmm this
is the goodness folks this is the
goodness now you want to get a good
cheap amount
it's going for seconds
it's a heap spoon each bad in like so
you can't make this in the microwave you
know if you want to make this for you
like if I was making it just for me I
would probably just like heat a bowl or
something in a microwave in the milk for
Americans a cup I never actually used it
Club that I'm actually put in my hood
because then a cup is too hot and then
it's like that's terrible what's so
terrible but I hate having a too hot cup
so I always microwave a different kind
of thing and then put the hot child into
a coma but the whole idea of this part
of making it in a pot put it in the cup
afterwards is because you can whisk it
this way in the pot and it means that
you don't end up with like you know you
get towards the end or hot chocolate and
it's like just a really intense
Amanda hot chocolate because um like
obviously the mass of the dust chocolate
particle things are heavier in density
then the milk soda obviously going to
settle on the bottom but by doing it
this way as I'm whisking it as I'm
cooking it it actually tends to sort of
all overhead all of advantages of them
mix it together nicely and make a tasty
time another small tidbit of information
just to note this is fair trade
chocolate Oh see
fair trade so I'm being fair to the
people that trade I always don't matter
like fully boiled because I don't want
boiling muff I just wanted to get to the
point that it's kind of you can start to
see it you can see if I flip it up here
and then I stop anyway it's starting to
boil
that means it's done the Camerons talk
about why not boy I never look down you
notice I get an entire thing he boiled
oh and now it's like burning itself on
this
oh crap but whenever I will help make
myself feel better because I have a nice
hot cocoa yeah you have a kids you don't
have a boil
otherwise you're gonna have to toil
another finger up now back up just to
top it off just put a little bit of coke
on the top there we go
and then you're ready to serve it to a
loved one or someone you hate it doesn't
really matter
