is it so cold in the morning times it's
kind of unfair isn't it it's always
closer in the morning than the rest of
the time during the day but the rest of
the time during the day you're more
woken up with you're probably indoors
are you wearing more clothes or
something what is it in the morning time
it is so much colder making do some sort
of a conspiracy here between the
clothing manufacturers and the weather
person who creates the weather that's
where you guys should look into that
so make sure to look into that do a
report and report it to somebody because
I imagine I bet you Tesco is in honors
and pedis and Macy's and whoever else is
that was quickness already done already
collecting the little man a little man
who can although I don't think I flows
from dropping heavy off until this point
so it probably seems like he's only gone
for about two seconds you've gone for
bad at our aren't you
maybe maybe
can I just check my email before I cook
um no because they've a lot of things to
do miss Mayton see I don't get to check
my email like at all this morning
because I don't have any credit on my
phone and I don't have really a computer
yes because I remember it about half to
this morning what was it I hear the lady
talking if you please enter your four
digits now going on in here nice time
stop this right because every single
Friday okay Hannah's like okay we'll do
the dinner party tonight right and if
you look back on the Friday block okay
we might have noticed is that atoms all
like okay guys I'm going to make this
dinner and I'm going to make it now
sometime during the day and he'll freak
out and scream at me and tell her that I
do nothing in this relationship and I'm
a hindrance on her life and then
suddenly it'll cut to me cooking to
dinner and you guys are all like
whatever you don't know but a little bit
that connects them together is the big
fight that happens so I just said to me
what I'm so worried I'll cook the dinner
tonight so I'm saying like we just get
for the record for the record can we
just for the record are you gonna scream
me that I know it's great it's good I'll
be your witness to this her witness to
this okay
so I'll let you guys know that if we're
having a big fight I'm gonna whip at the
blog oh yeah
without murder there's a lot of visvasa
teaming today in Cork City all right
guys there's the City Hall or the courts
actually sign the cards only key can see
a court man there's some sort of a thing
going on there okay other people's oh
let's break the lights oh no oh no garni
watch these vlogs
Joker's just brought to life is life is
soft your oh yeah guys here just plan on
making Christmas cards of three of us
similar to their Facebook profile
picture if you guys have seen it it's
similar to that I think it would be
totally awesome we just came back from
the Popo okay as I was walking sorry I
saw this old lady kind of standing
beside me right so I just opened a door
and she turned red and see what I was
doing right god I thought she wanted to
go out and then I just opened the door
and she was standing like at the door I
know I know I opened the door and I was
like oh do you want it and then she was
like no no she was like I was like no no
you can go first you know hold it open
for you whatever I was like no go ahead
so she went out this old mine came after
me he was like no no she's like walking
man throughout he's like no carry
composed to leave and I just let her out
but they're back inside me so it's fine
but then I felt Reap I just like didn't
know what to do so I just laughs it
didn't say anything it's so funny before
y'all hate Nami like oh my god Joe
Fisher so my grandma had it though you
know I understand that she enjoyed a
good laugh as much as the rest of us but
that was kind of funny the power of
suggestion a we got some goodies I was
getting dropped off because we're going
to f----- ESCO you get
some food because it's Friday night and
then Friday night we have a dinner party
if you didn't already know
I don't just tell me about a tag video
that she's gonna do which is Angie's
choice I think I made it up
it's called well instead of like things
you don't like about yourself or your
perfection imperfections or something
like that and then she's telling me what
she's got to say now obviously I'm not
gonna make the tag video you know but
then it got me kind of thinking about my
perfection imperfections and I guess I
suppose like in a way like I get a lot
when I get hater comments they usually
direct towards like my teeth or
something like that because yeah like
you know it's known that maybe like
Irish food might have like I don't know
but when I was younger like I think at
orthodontics and all that kind of stuff
but the one thing that I would probably
change around myself if I had the money
right if I could afford it I would
probably go and get like a whole new set
of teeth I don't know if we can get a
new set of teeth but like you know like
those shows like this one where like a
smile rejuvenation to have a place to
smile and like I think it's in Dublin
and nobody got like 10 grand or
something laughs but I would love to get
that done you know the guy like before
because when I was am when I was younger
I was like like a big industry me like I
was a professional swimming athlete
I was Wilma I went on this trip and when
I was up in his adventure center place I
was like this girl's tough it out and we
were messing about and I ended up
hitting the bottom of the pool and
smashing my front teeth and that is why
one of my TT's there is not what it's
like so that's real but the rest of its
not but when I get when to get that
fixed the dentist girl our teachers in
training sometimes she messed up now I
was on your like I don't know like 15 at
the time so I didn't take anything of it
like but it's died over time and then
it's got like discolored now a little
bit gray and stuff and I know I'm
probably drawing attention to it now for
maybe I'll just pop right there oh you
guys won't know what I'm talking about
but yeah that's probably my imperfection
perfection like oh they're not like I'm
not I'm happy I'm finding myself you
know I don't want you mind but that's
something definitely that I will
probably get fixed or I name it
just like change about myself welcome
back you gotta got a hold in there tight
setup grab I was just saying that to the
beauty crush yesterday or something on
Twitter I told her she said she had
allowed her near tides and I said should
just go ahead and put some salad tape on
it and say it's lady gaga inspired fully
tights
holy moly netting Julie what's going on
here what's going on here huh there's a
man and a roof let me head you can't see
the man in the roof there's a man and a
roof what's going on what's going on
there's something going on in my hand
point guys the man or the roof nothing
they're building some sort of I bet you
some sort of a Santa Claus right whole
thing Thank You fan of cheese for
dessert for tonight
and this new little store here
sort of kind here
where should we get a tire
or like a big sorrow what about a big
happy birthday cake
like Antarctica or
yeah maybe
returned
dart guys
this repeater
Michael Twila Jenkins within Iraq miss
winters said after the accident reality
was later found it the next year with no
flavor
they built that for
it's all going to save these doggies
okay
behind me cause that's 250 for you to
make any donation whatsoever you might
just get Eddie as
I just cards would you like a tall
fellow to them let me see it our friend
who did you got
I'm part of toughest enough pause
kind of animal welfare society is back
how come I don't have Albion here
Karlie's inner dogs
West is
no obvious when I was younger we used to
go in these descoteaux things that you
saw this think these are pertaining your
shoes
getting my place
you should try it next time you're eska
it's totally awesome feel kind of lazy
cuz we're making the same thing we did
last Friday people be all like y'all I'm
not coming to the ciccone Joel is
because they just make the same crap
every week tacky jackass what no no no
office doesn't like it how do you know
because I've had it before it's like a
cheesy egg thing no it's not it's got no
egg in it it's not chicken and cheese in
it all right let's get chicken and
cheese what we've got to use the chicken
oh yeah chicken what you have to add 600
grams of chicken hundred twenty-five you
cheese oh that sounds good you guys like
that what's a quality another learn
these friends cousin Diego speed even is
oh yeah guys guess who called me guess
what I'm doing with this bad boy here Oh
for shizzle GameStop just give me a call
and they said sir
we have your black ops prestige edition
PlayStation 3 replacement ready for you
in the Douglas branch for your
convenience and collection are you
excited yes you've even got an iPhone in
here thank you
it seems a bit different ah samosas are
samosas us the mostest Oh
when should I swing in the version that
I actually have a black ops as well hmm
Anna's always making friends
you make a friend what's your friend's
name is he only the family cat he's
really good
is he friendly oh well there we have it
folks
well sorted I only got the playstation
one now
no what are we gonna do with the other
games that I have I feel happy
Abby's got something I'll be he guy when
he got good hippie guy are you bringing
that home you're bringing that home
you're gonna actually eat while holding
the stick in your hand chatter good job
Dina thanks and today guys I didn't make
dinner as we discussed that hair on that
minami did inner forgives ever half
Cassidy's before was it yummy testing I
think it's Mexican
is it a Mexican food no one's answering
me I think it's Mexican is it Mexican
yeah
anything Calvi I think someone may have
eaten the strawberry strawberry everyone
they like it in men's yeah there's so
what's it gonna be not Mexican old El
Nino no I'm just making some jovis she
open a pond
oh yeah cuz baby it's cold outside
guys I totally forgot and check this new
stuff that we've got Freddy a subscriber
wall goodness look at this fabulous
picture from Katrina in Dublin thanks
for Jana like me javis I'm loudly Kafka
we're also saying this little picture
here from Claire thanks Claire
her eyes it'll be the
happy mmm highness we also got blows and
he stole em no think he's burning oh
yeah see if you can spot them there's a
shoe as a handbag as a handbag
there's a shoe the shoe I showed that
shoe
they're all over the place I like it a
subscriber well it's growing nicely like
there's a little bit of space here kind
of in a space there and there's a little
bit of space there and then we're gonna
have to say you know expanding expanding
our horizons so if you want to get your
stuff this wall send it to the PIO Box
address below which is pure box 211 I
don't know the rest but it's into the
description of the video stick it up oh
yeah oh yeah that's a we loo will stick
it up that's what I do wanna stick them
up mister stick them on the subscriber
wall it's not an unboxing of sort but I
just took the prestige stuff editor box
and I'm tired to show you guys but I fit
a car tires and all that kind of
inflated are you sure all this stuff is
Treyarch and then we've got this is like
the controllers in here oh that's my
metal its my metal black ops cool little
black operative metal got no fun what's
the key in that look at that it's like a
proper little gold medal with it they're
like like cuz it'll stand
isn't that cool then obviously the a
sort of hardened edition of the game
which is obviously you're expected to
get the game
oh yeah there's something else in there
what's that that's about to be um I
don't know what that stuff is what I
check this at like I think this is like
the zing controls the side bit here and
we turn this on
I don't need batteries part need
batteries but this is a little camera
you know supposed to be idea of in the
multiplayer game you have this little
thing right then you can control your
little Jeep and as far as I know the
chief has a camera on it somewhere
he's the little hanging out of its
controller and look there's the camera
the camera is actually in the front of
it and it is there like the battery
supply thing on it how cool is that was
this little aerial thing just waiting
for people to come online that daily or
I can't figure that's what you put the
batteries into it want to see them I see
it working are you kidding me
are you actually kidding me yeah that's
awesome well but I actually kidding me
12 batteries this thing takes 12
batteries or I gotta have any fun with
it tonight that's for shizzle with 12
batteries hmm I suppose just thought
maybe we would have liked for something
as they got loads of batteries for
overcharge smoke cameras but I don't
mean out 12 I've got eight four on four
I do not have twelve that sucks so we're
not gonna get co-working tonight Oh nuts
