I must walk more in the daytime 100
times Oh guys not black ops think I
haven't actually played like the
campaign I actually played the opening
and level of the campaign but I haven't
even playing the campaign at all let's
be like the multiplayer you know ranking
up and the zombie thing but like if it's
just so addictive and you end up just
wasting wasting your life away playing
little computer games that I would say
but it's not it's not I'm sure you guys
have either boyfriends or husbands or
are you guys actually play it or
girlfriends II play it I know where our
friends Alan his girlfriend he was there
we locked on his last night he was like
oh man I can't play my my wife's playing
she was playing ecology and he couldn't
play so maybe you have that kind of a
situation but it's just you know what
you know it's a new thing it's anything
it's just the excitement at the moment
we'll we'll get back to normal soon
enough okay now at a more pressing
matter I must make Nina some cheese
bagels we have it was a special offer
buy this one and hey you can have this
one for nuttin but fasten Shh baby
passenger sometimes it kind of cuts them
a little funny well that was a good huh
oh look she almost perfect one
oh look it's two eyes oh boy oh my gonna
stop it in there I mean this problem
well you know I could do it without
actually breaking them apart but no if
it not happened
now we don't have any cheese I don't
know if I knew guys living in Ireland
but there is like a major storm warning
huge low-pressure piles push me now in
law but this whole heavens been rattling
all day long so no really feels like
venturing younger younger being younger
so we're trying to see if we can manage
to survive on the bare minimums
minimally melon Natan Jolie you wouldn't
believe boats but behind this television
screen there doesn't mean now it's a
duvet day guys the storm was blown the
house down Nina's got her magical
computer device your aerial device
I know why not in this green y'all
screen good thing you got some shows to
watch so I'm sure oh my god you know we
watched last night we just talked
oh you wanna tell them what you think of
it Jessica's Ellison likes it it was so
like it was crazy because they're like
my god Mike you know when you got like
subscribers that I hate me I know
something like that and then they're
like anonymous and Andy they're gonna be
anybody or else like I don't know have
you guys seen catfish leave me a comment
have you seen catfish I think it's only
in festival something I don't know
it's really good that's really good
bagels on the cooking cooking the bagels
I'm good ham I'm and a little scrape of
cheese you got to cook that chicken mmm
you're comfy in your sea of duvets
do-over do-over actually matches your
jumper look did you plan that yeah
totally two colors matching your tones
the brown and the white and the brown
and your skin
them it is brand yes yeah are you
kidding
that's right browning to me I like the
way you've paired it with the pillows
and the white bit matches the wall and
this happening just realize guys we
didn't go to any rockets today what blew
our first a tradition we even go to
repeal BOTS
it's crazy I blame black ops this entire
week it's just a write-off just a
write-off do not expect if your husbands
or boyfriends or girlfriends or fiancees
or whatever is bought black ops do not
expect any productivity to happen this
week this week you so right off okay
let's just forget it let's that's not
even fight with them okay let's just
let's just accept data you know their
operatives
you know black operatives for the CIA
very important very important so
everyone wants to get to prestige if
you're not prestige you know then you
feel like a little bit Oh didn't even
make it to prestige siege one just each
you can get the golden Khan's it's a lot
of pressure you know it's a lot of
pressure so you don't compute for the
stack give you a little snack let's go
down here
come on treat mochi okay
when I take your treat out of the fridge
see we open the fridge you get the treat
all right taking this out of the fridge
shall be whoa
I have to open it like the cheeks you
want can you lay down you gonna lay down
right and all the way go boy go boy huh
yum-yum-yum-yum
do you guys wanna roar do you guys wanna
reward sit sit
lie down subscribers Oh
Oh
I know
keep your head straight
okay
I'm trying to have it like can exist
like a veal
No
yeah
yes
we ants me you can see exactly how long
ago I did it
you guys can move John I'm gonna show
you something already scary
so if there are small children watching
this video I would hide them immediately
even seven of us yeah
yeah everyone's English our like when I
don't think I have
very funny
Fonzie
okay so click ever of the day
take it birthday suit
you can say my
my pal
now you can get that
that stings yeah
she has this one and I have this one
conditioner
yes
yeah I got actually come to think of it
now yeah it's really never we do that
obvious ears go back and he's like cuz
we always do that when he gets hurt or
something rain falls down the stairs
foxes cuz he's always knows
they're gonna get excited that's what we
do so now when we do it for no reason he
just things like drinks drinks guys this
sucks ass okay because luck in is like
22:9 I uploaded yesterday's vlog and
like five o'clock the windows up by
about like 6:00 or so and then here we
go it's still not live so I've gone and
had to reload like it's always so unreal
loaded it and I kind of hope that this
is gonna work because Louie's heart
makeup said she had the same problem oh
we're like check my Twitter and she said
that she's saying problem we're kind of
thinking maybe it's the Irish storm he's
like blown our man right away
look that's kind of doubtful because
been with doesn't actually exist his
neck physical object like a pyranose
transfer data flow you know so that's
why the video was late yesterday if your
even watch the video a thing no mind if
it might be two videos tomorrow we'll
Jews today I don't know what's going on
but I'm I'm kind of hoping it's kind of
process so while the other ones still
not processing I've gone ahead and
uploaded the same one again and I'm
hoping that whatever was sometimes this
little bug in the system and I think any
any of you uploaded it I exact moment
you get caught with it so I'm kind of
hoping the second one now I won't get
caught with it and it'll just boom
things that y'all thinking like or he's
just been playing black ops all day and
he don't be vlogging I do bin Laden I
know but I do declare I've been robbed
there's been trouble going on here today
