finally some sunshine in our lives
ah it's so nice isn't it look at the
blue skies it's so beautiful
I never appreciated the Sun as much for
the last five days it has been so rainy
and so cold don't get your clothes dirty
all right mommy no
fresh fresh and sunny the lake still Oh
like it's not Laura fluid such you guys
after this morning you guys up to today
anything going on and I should know
about if a comment if you think there's
something I should know about because I
like to know I like to be involved with
in your lives like this ought to be a
happy community and it's complaining at
the speed as the switch I walk because
she's like he can't eat two pizzas and
have a nice leisurely stroll I know you
I need the pizzas he got a walk with the
face that's the pace leader one pace
leader it's walking its outdoor it's
considered exercise I'm an extra thesis
sometimes doing Anna is like living with
an English teacher
everything I say is Miss pronunciate it
somehow isn't it isn't it Little Miss
Perfect
Little Miss grammar AMA
we're going to collect turning this
inside of a bird
you could mommy with the wet head I went
here in a cold eh
didn't your mommy never teach you didn't
she say what you doing out there
piercing light beaming in my eye right
what the hell is some sort of a laser
beam tells me you stupid it's my ring
ring yeah my mom was getting like really
dirt not dirty but like it had little
bits of like slough get underneath the
actual like
and it wasn't she's not like that
but no she told me that her diamonds on
her stone is she's a spare toothbrush
like a dried toothbrush and she just
scrubs it so I tried that with life and
ever since they did it and be like super
sparkly like really really smart making
little like
right sports
yeah so that's a really good tip bit of
information for you baby and you guys
want to clean your diamonds fish make
you video how to clean your diamonds
skies in the country mourn yeah gonna
need dryer yeah your hair got any dryer
as your hair got any tire oh you're
excited you guys are always calling me
cotton and me counter you
being on my phone I thought you applied
what's your texting your a texting teeth
a tea leaf tea leaf call the police
there's a texting tea leaf check out my
fancy artwork hi I'm Jo - show me I need
an eyeball which office and I'm also I
can see my little oh yeah there you are
hmm not to test your window oh hey
waiting for people it's been my life
waiting on this lady if you notice the M
the craziness that is tube uyb lately I
don't know if any of these videos ever
make it to your subscription box I'm
poor little Nina here strong I think
everyone like if you look at the views
of everyone's channels it's like
redonkulous
you know so I hope you guys just come to
my channel I'll come to the style that I
channel and and check out Anna's videos
she put one up this morning oh no
actually Han the days have changed she
put one up yesterday you just go to the
starlight and then you click on like
uploads you can check out those videos
and check out my videos and don't look
at anyone elses videos ok no one else
matters
i matter nina matters Alvey matters but
he very rarely very rarely puts of
videos he's a bit lazy he's always
telling me like I can't edit they can
stuck behind a letter
I can do the high-pitched voice guys you
know that is only Anna in that that's
not me at all
yeah cuz all I did is I recorded that
and then I duped it like over and over
and over and over and over and over and
over add some bass so Anna we did it a
few times and I tried it and we did it
together and all but the best one that
came out why is the one with just Anna
duped over those two those two notes
because I can't do two - voice which is
at the end of the video while you're at
it check out our Facebook page I don't
forget to like it okay and subscribe and
rate and comment
oh my god look the first Christmas tree
I've seen like outside Christmas monkey
and it's got wet paint the Christmas
tree is painted oh it's not even there
it's an illusion it's a painted
Christmas tree look at it it's got any
Christmas trees in your cities towns
villages universes planets countries
woods yeah that's the first one I've
seen in court it did say wet paint
that's a wet paint on her which is kind
of peculiar for a Christmas tree to have
wet paint so smart I am so smart SMRT I
am so smart SMRT honest top house
rollin rollin rollin not really cool
looking at you can't you see the way the
sky really gives a sense is it a wide
angle of the size of the city
for sure where's Moe you stinky huge for
stinky Stander's what's the song again
let's call that side it's cold outside
we can't go out today but I really want
to go ahead today please it's cold
outside you can't go outside it's cold
outside I want to go out today unless
you wear your doggy coach you have to
stay inside no it doesn't look it's a
bus station it's a station for the
persons like here's a big bus do you
think it's gonna crash it Jiminy Cricket
I'll be ran all the way across the road
over here to visit his friend
oh wait here watch me now front Oh pick
it up so what's going on here guys
what's going on here what's going on
here let's go down here it's freezing ha
ha ha the little hands up
Oh obviously busy marking everything
I've got so much work to do here guys
miss you've made a mess of the garden
and I cannot stop singing this song
you guys know what that is okay so you
have to look through while you can look
through them all the eyes watch them all
repeatedly over again 105 these 100
million times each in a vlog I was a
Hellion right in the kitchen I was
playing a girl slicing minutes I think
and for some reason I started so what so
you're kind of ruining you actually keep
giving up the answers what's the name of
the vlog that has that song in it even
know I got a call from Gamestop
apparently their head office people said
that they might be able to hook me up
with a Playstation prestige package so I
haven't opened the Xbox one which is
awesome so maybe in the next few days
I'll be able to swap it out for a
Playstation one that will be awesome you
guys want to see what Anna's looking at
right now oh no that's not accessories
for your face of your body it's
accessories your home for Christmas time
Christmas time accessories you do need
to get rid of that which you want
is it too early to put up the
Ottoman what's not him 103
it's kind of scary that's the Grinch
astray for people who are too busy too
busy business people who are too busy
for for green and red happy Christmases
bigger for black because mr. white just
because I'm too busy for this Christmas
topic of a businessman challenged you to
a duel
punch I think he needs your two fingers
you can kick Islam you can kick and
punch it is pointless
well it is fun um you want to just take
take the stairs how keep up so we ran
we've decided to stop giving hubby any
sort of human food at all whatsoever to
improve his diet and what we feel
it is really sad it's
juleps my one Jemaine her dog died
because apparently
I think it was because
so Anna's decided that we're gonna cut
out the off cold turkey
it's problem is that one Berliner you
food he always wants him and then he
makes us feel really bad about it so
we're looking for a dog food that he
like and we can give it to him we can
pretend like we'll hide it in our food
and we like take it out and give it to
just so we can eat cake for Dukes pastry
so what are you looking at here no wait
Marquis oh yeah you break them up into a
little bit yeah Christmas thing do you
guys know about any good boys what are
there any good boys are in here I think
there's a good boy up here but I can
never be quite sure right it is a good
boy or not why would I find a good boy
looking for a good boy
is there a good boy in here is there a
good boy are you a good boy good boy I
miss you what are you barking I think
Albie has a form of OCD because he's
like that's at a place that's out of
place why is that in a place Abby are
you breaking it huh
what are you barking it huh what's on as
you just ever get here huh
this guy here huh your friend Novi he's
your friend well put him back in this
place now now how everything is right in
the world everything is right in the
world uh-huh what is he going
