we're staying we're like folks worst day
of my life so I'm gonna head over to
Tesco and I'm just gonna buy the
standard edition black ops comes with
one zombie map and then GameStop
said they have my name and number cuz
they remember me from last night and he
said that he's kind of like he said he
emailed the head office and all this
crap so hopefully they're gonna get back
to me and have some sort of resolution
for this almighty mess up trying me
little upbeat about the situation
god damnit I'm so angry if you guys ever
had a situation like that reorder
something and then didn't get it because
they messed up get all testy oh hey you
know rely on them for something you guys
get black ops you guys already procedure
to harden it
okay so Tesco sold out it's kind of
scary
I'm gonna try game downstairs all right
so I got one in game in the Lord I got
the standard edition with only one
zombie map on it which is totally crappy
but there is a DLC which is going to be
available later so now I have a
PlayStation 3 version of Call of Duty
and there's massive prestige version
with the little car for the goddamn Xbox
how am I gonna do that now oh oh
GameStop better bloody car sorry sorry a
download oh there is nothing going on
say guys I have done nothing
I didn't play backups pretty much most
of the day so far and it's been
absolutely glorious experience I chose
not to solve the entire gaming process
because well let's be honest you
probably wouldn't have us being totally
poorly as interested as I probably was
more that I just want to say I'm sad
fighting finally got today's video up
and thanks a lot for all your comments
saying like it's really crap and stuff I
got you know it's really worried I
Saigon what I put up when it was like oh
you said your wine bag and OH
blah blah blah I'm so crapped on my
video games you know but as usual you
guys love me and I love you we're
awesome BFF forever oh loves it there's
rumors somebody got a new bag somebody
got a fancy little bed bed bed bed
oh it's dis here what's this
this looks like a a pet pad did you
pause oh you like it you like your pet
pad do you love it
do you hurt hmm
you know there's something underneath it
something underneath it something
underneath it or something underneath it
it's gonna get you it's gonna get you
it's glad to catch it catch it cutie oh
he needed another bad because he has the
bed here but then he comes up to my
studio all the time he'd be sitting
there and be like I'm not standing on
top of me and then it's so actually hard
to type in early like you know I just be
close to people all the time so wherever
we are he like for someone who wants to
be in his bad so he became the option of
being in his bed down here I'm being he
knows better
OOP stairs for good parents
we're two big dudes are we good parents
all beat do you love us your loss and a
few more little tidbits I'm gonna show
you guys check this out mmm
that girl in it the dog and it's
housekeeping staff live here
that's Ravi it's gonna look so really
gonna like put that on the doors on my
that you know I wouldn't put it outside
because it was down a weather or maybe
it might disappear
I don't know but we also got this not
such a nice chest of drawers it's not a
chest of drawers it's just something to
play a little story that's kind of cool
is because um this was and they were all
sold out so Anna got the like display
one that's why it was like already put
together nice javis didn't have to make
it javis does not like making them well
it's not kind of nice like when you come
in the door and you're like oh I could
just put my foot up here oh yeah I also
get these little fancy panties you can
see them there I'm very I'm very bedroom
me this is a this is playing black ops
all day gonna look doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo
it's pretty awesome it's totally worth
all the emotional roller
so that had to go through in order to
get it but now I have to for my pastor
for zombie map packs I've got everything
I also have I got a heart in addition
like but I also have em so basically I
have a part in addition for ps3 I have a
standard edition which I bought this
morning games up for the ps3 and I have
a prestige edition for the Xbox 360
I don't know what Dad I'm gonna do the
Xbox 360 pretties Steve's edition I'm
kind of half in mines I'm like you know
because it's such a limited edition like
I could sell that eBay like for like
twice the price actually make profit
from I don't want to do that and then
I'm like yeah but that was not my
intention was to try and get an area to
get one of these prestige packs actually
profit from what I wanted because I have
like I bought the night vision goggles
last year's like the collector's edition
you know and I like they're really cool
and showery use them but the COO of
having a shelf and instead a car like
you know cuz it just means so much to us
you know the ecology franchise you know
what's that's the core I feel like I
don't want I don't want the game pretty
much I don't want the chase these games
account plays I have a standard copy of
the game and the hardened edition of the
kingdom which came with a metal and the
procedural so I have like two Medlin's
of Honor I have like loads of stuff now
but it's kind of funny but I don't know
what I'm gonna do at the end proceeding
maybe I'll give it to you guys you guys
wanna leave me a comment if you want it
and I don't know maybe maybe Santa Claus
might bring it Joker's Claus but you
guys think of my cool t-shirt but call
of duty black ops
I'm a black operative teacher you guys
get t-shirts because must be anyone or
anything Potter I think I was only made
people I wanted minimally sure but
almost there guys not 95% for the black
ops on-base oh yeah
oh yeah that's the old map cell but I am
it's too late for that now
what's this here now what's this here
could she got any mouth she kept down Oh
dad is that your funny little guy here's
such a funny little man time for the
midnight tradition some camera I'm a
multi traditions
you got a Thursday tradition we got a
Friday tradition we got the nighttime
tradition that's like an order it's
Christian to have so with the turns a
tradition usually go to the peel box on
a Thursday
we usually and afterwards we can swing
by and we pick up the ID rockets Fridays
we cook dinner for the family here I
move like a dinner party most nights we
have to count my cheese that's to me do
I know this every morning I make coffee
hey guys we're stepping it up today
we're making a pot a pot of tea what
okay but cuz I'm a I'm honey tea bags
I'll put in a pot to do yeah yeah how
many goes to get in the pot I personally
think that this would be a better option
oh-ho-ho-ho but I've been told no um you
ever curious it's an hour process guys
some some cup of soups some vanilla
extract the shiny drugs lots of morning
growlers and salts and teas and this is
here we're looking for dad's batteries
come a mile
click berries tea you just pop them in
here
one tea back to teabags
soon water nice alright put in split up
now give it a little stir okay brewing
we're gonna watch DM we're gonna watch
the Irish apprentice and you guys watch
the Irish apprentice we've actually
much.now apprentice to UK apprentice and
the American apprentice so it's uh fill
out or print to sighs you know but we're
always like ages ago because I never
watch it like on that on TV trees
website oh why are you even saying I
don't know let's just show them a
picture of a cute dog that'll do so I
don't watch it on TV because we don't
actually have television because we
don't watch television what we do what
we watch you made me all of it online
like not on yeah so there are two
branches papayas a pentose do you guess
which one's Ana's cub and I go yo mate
got roast princess beauty girl ah yeah
I've got these up this little part
ticular
on here presentation oh it's a sleeping
beauty kilt I never noticed then it's
ready for transportation that's my
department on the transporter cool man
