it is absolutely storming wetter today I
mean there's a storm in the horizon it
is so rainy you guys know this we're
going to Euro spa and he's gonna mind
the car okay he's gonna win the card
good boy good boy
stay there
No stay there stay there mind the car
good boy good boy Jonathan needs some
wonder where Big B's are supposed to be
debating see
oh yeah are we gonna do this go down go
down
Oh mom come on
what would you good am good bullies
where you go boy
you didn't bark or anything you were
just sitting there waiting he was a good
boy now we're going to my family friends
house so it's like she's kind of like my
aunt because she's my mom's best friend
and then her daughter is one of my best
friends so her daughter isn't there but
we're gonna go visit her now cause she
lives near here okay we're sooo
tell me go in go in go in
but it's opening the body
this way this way
pursuit
guys it is still freezing cold rainy and
dark this looks exactly like it did this
morning it's really dark it's really
cold and it's raining everywhere so I
feel like nothing is Jay Bell like Ivana
hasn't brought during the day today this
is just it's cut from this morning to me
now and it's like it looks exactly the
same but I assure you
time has moved on do you know what time
has moved on to guys oh yeah leaving a
studio now right you know what's gonna
happen I'm gonna get black I'm gonna get
black cops he's gonna get black cops I'm
pretty darn excited I am pretty darn
excited I got an idea I'm pretty excited
I don't know how excited I can explain
to you because to summarize it about two
years ago I was in my brother's house
and I was living in Bournemouth yeah I
think I live an informant which is like
this southern end of England and I was
in university and my brothers tell me is
like oh yeah and called you it is this
whole thing at the end you know it's car
like is like nazi zombies sort of thing
is that it bad you know to notice
through it's a bit of a drawback enhance
a cousin evening of shopping in people
were like well so we need to make up for
it today
did you yeah and you're on okay
what's the alert goodbye
okay so we need serious amount of
supplies for a serious amount of black
ops why is it the time goes so slow when
you're waiting for something look look
at the time here waiting for midnight
we're just sitting and the PSN we're all
talking about it because we're all
waiting to go get it to kill the zombies
we do you want to get all the zombies
together pretty darn it fired but uh
isn't it always when you're waiting for
something you're like time has upon us
guys time is upon us it is 25 minutes to
midnight on Tuesday the 8th Monday the
8th of November be excited Abbi me
excited Nene's no play excited face
their an excited dance do any excited
dance do an excited thanks I want to see
an excited dance ok a few minutes ago
when the zombies were eating me come
back here with that come back here with
that come back here right back come back
here did you just you just drop that
down the stairs no you're such a little
better becquer I'll be X not for you oh
bloody Texas barbecue sauce Pringles
you're gross they're gross whoa my life
didn't cause me nothing but strive for
enemy
excursion let's get ready midnight
excursion before the boys in the queue
they might appreciate it
there's thank you guys can't really see
it because it's really dark outside but
there's a slow steady arrival of peeps
just a couple of people here make you
excited
at least they open a little bit closer
Anakin what forget the hearsay album the
queue here for dinner Sally we're two
marquise-look coaching
oh my god guys bloody idiot gave me the
wrong game
he gave me xbox360 one what the hell so
I've got 10 minutes to get back to the
store
I just opened it up and I just threw it
on the floor and I looked at us like on
why is that why it would've lit bloody
xbox360 runners oh my god this is
ridiculous precious I never like to be
too negative on my blogs okay but I am
close to tears right now because of this
okay this is what the black ops thing
looks like it's totally awesome what the
hell is that crap huh what the hell is
that crap okay two three three months
ago something that i pre-ordered this
goddamn thing from Gamestop
alright ain't obvious games our bloody
we cards I am so angry like I'm so I do
it though cuz I never checked until I
got home then I winged them up in him
like guys she gave me the Xbox 360
wonder like what if you can be here in
the next 10 minutes will trader fear
awesome I've crushed down there I get
there and they're like oh oh I'm sorry
we don't have any PlayStation 3 ones did
you not notice a little tiny X or
something on your receipt months ago
even though I traded PlayStation 3 games
off do like and yet like walk down the
another man I am so angry like Game Stop
are idiots like I just I'm close to
tears here because now I got nothing now
I've got a bloody yeah great place they
are an Xbox game and I got I got
nothing
thanks a lot Game Stop
