bagels and breakfast bagels and
breakfast can't have one without the did
you not huh that's Ricky that's way too
much that's Richie Richard the door
that's just heh that's just way too much
ha ha I love when you stand on the
stairs like that you're just adorable
it's just so adorable if we ever sell
you will sell we'll take the picture of
you standing on the stairs for sale
perform for the camera
god dammit ally I love you I love y'all
want to come around
Bobby's money trees I think he might I
think he just might now jump or whatever
press you want me to open or this one
here
here we didn't see that in the vlog
yesterday boom boom that's how we do it
that's suspicious sneakiness oh yeah I
love watching I don't know if anyone
else watches this but I'm pretty sure a
lot I could watch it because it is like
such a funny show then you guys watch
this it's called dirty jobs this guy
Mike Rowe it sound like the Discovery
Channel it is so funny it's like the
jobs are disgusting and stuff that he
does but it's really interesting to see
for himself but that time Mike Rowe he
is so funny
it's the way he does the jobs or
something I don't know but you know and
you guys watch dirty jobs let me know it
actually hasn't stopped raining all day
today it's been raining all day today it
is ridiculous but anyway Friday
tradition time we started some tradition
he knew every Friday we cook ham
we took a meal for the style deities and
his family so that comin over Friday
tonight and we're cooking the meal so
we're going now to gonna change things
up today we're gonna go to some stores
down in Douglas instead to be
different√∂ plus I want to go to a game
stop there because I got to pay about
black ops because okay so some sort of a
global meltdown and all the bank's
crashing no way and everything goes
wrong I just want to know that I paid
for my black ops so if I'm midnight on
Monday I get it are you excited
no no she's that excited I am mixing in
a payoff black ops but I actually trade
in this bad boy as well
Penguin Club Penguin like my week to
Erica I think it's getting a lot of
computer consoles for girls
that's where in Thun stores we're not in
Tesco sitting so well
buffers
baking's now we don't release them get
like one and such a destructive force in
my life
excuse me
what else do you need for a tiramisu
mascarpone milk chocolate cream that's
it that's it
double trouble that's partly what the
copies and stuff
over this way hey why wait I think I'll
just buy a plate fire break it up or
alabaster problems
creep grumble grumble oh you want to get
a play black ops this paid off there is
no way that I'm not getting black ops of
Monday night I'm very excited very
excited we've already established that
Anna's not excited but all the dinner
party stuff is already too so I hope
that was enjoyable because it was
different of pesco it wasn't the same
assess code itself different it tasted
different it was a sort of a there was a
feeling in the air that we weren't off
the Tesco who ends today we're in
Douglas Court had been stores
this is Jonathan joy this is Douglas
Court signing off this isn't a prepay
one so we can pretty much just be able
to hire open do you have to be five
minutes just wait longer okay bye
well hello there so I am making dessert
for tonight I'm also making dinner even
though Jonathan said that he would but
then he said he wouldn't he always does
this he pretends I said help with
something and then he gives up because
it's too difficult in a question which
every so I'm making dessert first
because if you ever watched the other
video that I did I like to do things
backwards so we're making tiramisu with
chocolate tiramisu without any would you
call it alcohol so it's good for kids
push nobody who's coming is actually it
well my sister Eric has 12 but I just
don't like tiramisu with alcohol anyway
so
that's why I'm making these are the
things that I bought for it and it's
gonna be really easy it's on this book
called one easy mom
and that's it okay so I'm making the
tiramisu I'm making the chocolate part
this also has no coffee in it so it's
really like a kid's cherami sue but the
spoon that I used it's kind of this is
gonna sound really weird but the spoon
that I used the tablespoon it's like a
exact match measurements like it's a
measuring spoon or whatever that usually
goes in our coffee jar or coffee tin so
it'll have a bit of a flavor because I
use that to spoon it drinking chocolate
so it'll have a bit of a coffee flavor
but I don't know if that's gonna really
make a difference and that was just my
way of making it a little bit coffee
flavored so yeah I hope this turns out
okay
because I know my family like coffee
flavored things but it's just a
different recipe they're just gonna have
to deal with it this is what we're
having for dinner we're kind of cheating
but not really we have this old El Paso
fajitas and it's the original smoky
barbecue flavor so we're gonna make
these I mean it's not really from
scratch but I'm making dessert so I felt
like it's okay and it's not completely
like just packaged because I'm gonna
cook the chicken and obviously you want
to add some onions and some peppers I'm
instead of regular bell peppers I'm
using the sweet peppers along you so I
really like those so that's what we're
gonna do and hopefully everybody will
like this and this is coming along well
I think fresh Irish chicken from stars
would you look at day Marvis making a
couple of fleshie does oh yeah original
smoky original smoked some sweet peppers
and a couple of onion yo
lady Lenny okay so look get the onion
diced device in device place peppers
finely chopped up the chicken check the
chickens ready to pop in I'll slap them
all in here probably not put the onion
first then the peppers let it marinate
itself so it makes a nice flavor drop in
the chicken
pretty lady what's my system doing over
here are you making like little canvases
yeah well I don't seen that before
okay you're making like one big one what
you find is that I find that if you cook
it with all the peppers and onions and
stuff it should actually like marinate
it as it's cooking you know to be honest
okay oh my god look what Nina has made
holy crap these things pull the crappers
Wow
cooking with Nina can be fun hmm let's
go first got him to go over here Oh
boring mine's boring now it's all about
this now
well done Nina here are super Baker
chespin's the outing Z that's pretty
good I'm gonna scrub that in here now if
these boys wrapped up in some coaching
foil we could be education food is it a
good it tastes I teach them my roses
have been raided
debris debris take all my sweeties pink
monster hit me up on Twitter you can see
here and she sent me a link to this
website here basically they are doing a
home for the holidays I'm going to this
link on our Facebook page just basically
search the Saucony Joey's car or go to
the school enjoys a comic go to each
page or search sister Kony Jolie's on
Facebook and you find a page or there's
a link down below and hit the light
thing anyway I'm gonna put a link there
and you guys can see it and it's all
about you know Christmastime lots of
people get dolls and like some cool get
expansive dolls or you know but then
later on there's like obviously expenses
that are involved in keeping the animal
that you people allowed to learn oh
we're about to start and then
you know they can't afford the dog I did
not I'm wearing it up and to get rid of
darkening after Christmas there's just a
lot of unwanted dogs listen to me I need
you to go to the website for finding our
Facebook page I need you to go there and
I need you to go ahead and share
comments curious curious anyway yeah so
the Facebook page is on there
support it by sharing it and leave
comments and tell people about it
