it's got so injuring cold that it's time
for Albie to put on his local give it a
hand Ethan
Oh who's that handsome boy huh handsome
little boy you know funny here standing
over what hello he could stand up maybe
so cool of like he could like stand up
and walk around
oh I don't you have a child then because
the child wouldn't be hairy like a puppy
he'll be fine like a puppy wasn't even
like a puppy
oh you so pretty oh yes sir I need your
little friend this guy is so cute
I'll keep the draft cute this here yes
how cute
I know
thank you
I want to go where the people are I want
to be there singing dancing running
around than those what do you call them
against feed we're discussing what is
your favorite Disney film and second
question what is your favorite song from
their Disney fellow over to you Anna
what's your favorite Disney film
Cinderella how much your favorite song
for that
I like the owner on the Mysore sink in
there like I don't remember that much I
love dinner
I like she am on see that's the original
cell animated you know that's the old
sort of stuff I mean like in terms of
the new stuff I think the first new
Disney film was Aladdin and then from
there it was funny anyway expected it I
love when he comes out he's like hey my
hips a lot you can cut it buddy like
every Sun DM the little flying bad thing
it is like that was so funny
Happy's like a poop so yeah a lion is
probably my favorite of those Disney
films like before all Pixar went all
crazy
Oh Steven K teasing that
that's actually probably the best Disney
song yeah I probably like funny wait let
me guys know what's your favorite Disney
film and what your favorite Disney
Company Tom or maybe you have a favorite
didn't like the song
it's a munch I need something much I
need someone stat it's time for the
tourists a tradition
it's time for an intervention dish I'm
gonna eat some every bucket it's
supposed to be
that was white
school is awesome
thank you Andy Rockets for making
Thursday's great again join your
Thursday tradition
I mean join my Thursday tradition look
how empty it is today love
No
do you want it they prefer a girl at all
yeah I think I prepare no doll fajitas
which one mr. miles from miles Maurice
more either from me flavor BBQ cheap
smoky peppers check second I'm a stylist
I pointed out that we constantly are
advertising for Tesco and she was like
you guys are always like promoting Tesco
products because you can't ask a like
nearly every single day so maybe we
should start going like the gun stores
or something except promoting or maybe
someone at pesco would like to give us
like free food every single day so if
your Tesco contact me we need to get a
sign on the steps before you come up to
our house it says please do not ring the
doorbell because you ring the doorbell
this little monster this little monster
here thinks it's game on game on I'm
gonna get them I'm gonna get them it's
now right I'll be little monster just
some monster and you guys have dogs
when you go to folks perceive all that
girls who doesn't have a dog oh it would
be the same thing now let me sit your
little bugger that's all right I'm sure
he's probably big dogs actually don't
mind so much they just like oh I just
hear doorbell and I think to myself well
sure it's only a human guy's a
subscriber wallets grown nicely on the
wall awesome so nicely a couple of more
things I'm gonna add to it soon but um
because they're like burning hearts and
stuff that I am I uh got some-some girl
actually hold on a second I just feel
like this needs to be shown I knew you
guys need to see this look at this right
hand made that was made by hands look at
the little frills and stuff
shake she made that like get the inside
circle area stuff but I love the bow and
dress I told you I applaud you
Jony not jeopardize Natalie Natalie
Natalie from Germany or Natale whichever
way I applaud you congratulations
just imagine ISM in her hand there okay
we're just slapping it I just thought it
was really really cool like oh they're
cards which are like totally awesome oh
my god totally amazing I think you're
but that was handmade so I applaud thee
by our lordy
if you guys want to send stuff to the
scribe of to get like links in the
doobly-doo damn in the bottom P o box
211 I can't remember the rest I can
never remember the rest but the the
address as far as they know is they're
just more description and click on the
description think about all the time
with links and all sorts of goodness oh
did you guys know DM if you go do we do
Booya de jour des des Akoni Jory's calm
look what happens look what happens I
wouldn't hook that up
I hope the brother check it out Ciccone
Jodi's calm whoa whoa whoa morning
growler well late afternoon growler late
afternoon growler go on emit some
caffeine gonna put it in my tum tums
look at this are you supposed to clean
them out he's supposed to clean the
grinder thing I don't know I just keep
putting more and more coffee into it and
it keeps putting more more coffee I'm
sure someone's gonna tell me in the
comments below terrible I am because I
will not make the coffee grow you don't
grow coffee you do broke up for safety
purposes I keep that off when I have
this open
I wonder can I harmonize with it
we are totally joining a ban or number
two I'm afraid I'm in a boy well that's
been put in there
okay lever as well well my lazy cop lazy
cop cause it's so big it's gonna have a
lazy coffee I also decided to go with
this chap here I think you'll really
really really like my breath so I think
there's a bitch my breath well there it
is
mm-hmm this one's never ringing it but
you know if you like then you'll ever
put a ring if you like giving you if you
like it and you'll love it
put a ring on it is it oh look at the
Munchkin oh he's having a munch today
much very much today
