it's Anna's birthday today well that is
birthday tomorrow but by the time the
blog goes up below cuz it's a happy
birthday to Nina
happy birthday to you
this traffic's quite insane let me show
you why is the thingy of oh my god I
don't know you can see how far but it's
like all the way into the distance there
oh that's just that's just fantastic
that's just fantastic somewhere else
I've just tried to kill us all
oh she thought she is a smart cookie she
just like I'll just read me Carter in
here play and sure those look new
controls it's cool to just have to go
ahead and let me into the lane while I
tell you something there no sweepy it
seemed cool to happen I'm a watch now my
axons kind of gone all over the place
like a crazy man would say on a mid
midday or she's trainers again let's
accelerate by yeah never get bait should
never get by not till I eat my pie
another unrelated note happy birthday
Jenna Rose done 21 years old
Oh Oh have a good time hey Omar okay
dark it is it's really again wintry now
it's like okay that's like overexposed
okay dark it isn't there right now how
was a friendly cyclist how do you
cyclist it's like Oh like coolest a
cyclist or like Oh oh my god
holy Joe Nathan I just realized daylight
saving boom hello
daylight saving and yet it's darker
because it is an hour later than it was
in common let me know if you guys have
daylight saving or what do you think of
daylight saving there was I talk minor
politicians bad just getting rid of this
daylight saving idea I personally think
it's a stupid idea I don't think it
makes much sense in a modern society to
have the daylight saving because we
don't really benefit from it anymore you
know leave me some critical comments or
are you man are you come on
oh it's Barack ed oh it's a portage
because it's breaking atomic clock in
the car
I'm not actually gonna daylight save it
I'm never gonna change it I don't have
to do is wait a year and it'll change
back that's a pretty simple situation
guys don't change your clocks wait here
or if everyone else lives in daylight
savings what if you don't live in
daylight savings and you continue to
live your life like an hour behind if
one or maybe an hour before everyone
depending on what time of the year you
want to choose to do that you go my
house
good boy good boy you mind the house
look how dark it is ninis it's all scary
and spooky someone's have an upper
to burn it tomorrow but when you guys
are watching this it's her birthday
today so these some comments and say
happy birthday Joe Nathan damn it people
we need more singing buddies singing
mode well sometimes that happens this
command it's called break out song we're
a breakout breakout artist today after
Halloween what do you know what do you
know they after Halloween and it's
Christmas lucky Merry Christmas
we live in a consumer society we are
probably thank you video the owners
pranks
I like these plants
rebirthing and on your birthday week
there's none whatsoever my new obsession
during a birthday week it's very
important that you must eat fun and food
every single day no boring most salads
no crap fun food everyday part of the
terms and conditions of the birthday so
you know and only loves I hate comments
saying oh my god guys you're seeing no
unhealthy I would love to eat like just
a salad but unfortunately I have to
abide by the rules it's the rules guys
leave a comment if you can figure out
difference between this and this please
what the hell is the difference
tinning tin cross margarita or just tin
margarita outlook that has the word
crust in I think I seems happy
guys I can't resist this - two of them
4:12 that a sausage Nina a little
miniature sausage sausage isn't can I be
back to the rug the chewing rug the rows
of chewing the human steps on that
apparently I wouldn't step on it what
you chant it I wouldn't judge already in
half you guys like sausages oh my god no
we did
oh my God we're so bad look who we got a
bag of like this was full of sausages at
one time there's no nose I just left
what am I gonna have now two tens
you guys have like a favorite chocolate
inside a box of chocolates oh but this
is it
this is like this one a definitely the
best one the purple ones really the
fights over the purple ones do you like
turn one Tina second this one yeah this
is definitely the second best one third
best probably like the Rose that's the
same one I like that I like the soft
kind of chewy gooey ones what's your
favorite roses chocolates go but they're
my box I don't know why you like it
might not even know why you're telling
anyone
don't you like them so pick which one
you'd like I do robbery and orange so
guys so for my birthday next year I want
1 million of these I never million of
these like you not eat my birthday send
in my mailbox right now I want you to
gather up I want you to stir the box are
you actually trying to steal the
forbidden chocolate that we just
discussed did we not just discuss about
your nutty in the crowd
finally I have to back on it this is
pretty difficult for the back part here
to try and get that outlook finally
sealed up it's ready to go out for
delivery
ok there's nothing to read but I do have
to wrap it and I I'm gonna tell you so
secret guys this and butter has we
established before so
I should totally enter the secret note
how I hit ended yesterday oh well maybe
that's true
okay so hmm watch a man try to wrap
something my technique is quite simple
put it on the floor give it a little
kick out as you can see kind of run into
a bit of a problem here
my magic technique didn't work so well I
only managed to get one strip of it huh
this dope and put it on either side
that's probably what I'll do I'll cut
that in half and I'll put a little bit
on either side problem solved
couldn't find sellotape there forever
but I found it and destroyed the room
and doing this all but I found it okay
so the first piece wrapped now we need
to get this piece lining the top of it
all wrapped up I think on my corners
guys it's pretty good going I must say
I'm impressed with this little corner
bricks you can get a good job you can
get a testicle job in the last part now
is putting this little card guys that's
a lot so work but it's all because I
love her finally the placement all ready
for the morning thing now the check on
the apparently possibly more
delightfully burnt pizzas oh they seem
okay
I know you can see that but it is five
past midnight which means it's Anna's
birthday but she's a bit like it's not
my brush tool or mine but still I just
wanted to say
Oh
so make sure to go over to Anna's
channel or leave a comment on this
channel and say hey or hit her up on
Twitter Facebook just make her feel
loved like you guys love I know you can
do it I know your condole tippity
tappity type in 802 BTW tippity tappity
talk tippity tappity turn burrito
