I'll be what did you get him me we got a
present kind of when we open it we open
it
all done
okay
we're out almost house and how these all
my pets and there are some cool pumpkin
and I have to show you one over here
with my sister car
well Eric a car that one come on and
Emma have this one
yeah that's pretty good I wanted to talk
about the importance of the complex of
algorithms isotope in charge of trying
to create the foundation of an in a more
radical new chronology true
metamorphic use
okay that's probably probably skipped
ahead at this point it was a trip
because sometimes an iWatch isms like
boring you're talking about mooring
technical boring stuffs and it was my
trick that was my trick
okay so here's the plan right now it's
true and I thinks I'm down in the
university vehicle traveling at the
speed of light like to slow down quite a
lot wouldn't you say hmm
planned something quite special for Nina
for now yeah I got any of you guys go
around whatever laughs apps apps so I'm
gonna sneak down there now and I'm gonna
try and get this thing see there's
always the chance that I might actually
watch this okay so I might want to give
it too much hidden fro Meishan about
what this special gift is but you guys
come along in the journey as I as I get
it prepared so let's see if we can do
I'm gonna try and do it all today never
try and hide it before she comes home I
am guessing being it's a Monday she's
probably in her mom says when mama
styled I had so I'm pretty sure I should
be able to do this on the that's the
first part done the next part I don't
want to show you is that part because
that's the part of them way the Adam
might actually see so that's like the
privacy mode part which you'll probably
see in the next well I purchase on
Wednesday morning Cooper's on Wednesday
morning Wednesday afternoon it's over I
don't mind the cheese day one because
she won't see it but this one is a
chance she might actually see this
before birthday so what I'll show you
the next part a bagel bagel for
lunchtime that was crazy that I know is
they're suspicious because you know what
it's like the week of your birthday and
in something because I've never gotten
home for lunch before but then something
peculiar happens
although the funny thing is now I
actually leave the house and I can't go
back because I'm supposed to go back
this
the good life so much fun
seems to be the idea got them more
bloody red lights rainiest a okay I got
everything folks crazy things it's a
nice white board isn't it
I like the homemade presidency rather
than just going out and buying something
because you know you can buy something
anytime you want to buy something who's
buy something but I personally believe
that if you put in some personal effort
into something you know and you take the
time to actually make something for
someone it just means something more you
know it's not just some other consumer
blah blah blah think that let's just boy
you know there's a lot of feeling and
thought and emotion this thing here I
got for Anna you know I am I've created
this from scratch you know so I'm sure
she's gonna love it I did something
similar a few years ago I'm a smaller
version of this a few years ago and she
really really liked it so I'm hoping I'm
hoping that Joe first nation knows what
he's doing yeah the hardest part is
because she's sitting at home now in the
name of Hoffa's mac pocus she's not
going to get out and like come and see
it okay how is she how am I gonna do is
give me some ideas ideas are batula your
idea will be in vain
that's promised that you wouldn't watch
this video so I'll talk did you hear
what I've done okay so mr. backboard
okay so I've got it down here taking the
backboard off taking the picture of the
part off leaving just the glass and the
backboard because let's face it it's not
really that important over here this is
a basic piece of art she got one of the
ones I put a ring around it so it's not
here because I fit inside that fit on
here to give a nice border to the main
image what I'm putting on top of that
you have to stay up there because I know
what you're doing I know what you'll do
stay stay
good boy okay this this I'm very Brown
off just knows that my lips together
isn't that so funny
Murthy it's not so pretty I've really
put on it done
did you like it leave a comment let me
know if you like it but don't give
always the one is because she's promised
me she's Madeleine watch this video but
then also are this video out the next
day
and then you consider at the moment I'm
trying to put it together does I don't
know I just think building a person is
much nicer than actually just oh yeah he
just wants to get down every single part
I hid away you guys no no it's okay I
won't have one in your town some live a
comment if you wonder then you're dumb
don't leave a comment if you what is in
your thumb jump
