I morning hello everybody is happy like
rainy and wet today guys
it's like it was sunny and then it's
stormed yeah it was like smaller storms
GP yes played that something just sent
me a twit pic of the black ops billboard
and in that in London looks massive I
was a play on a screen that size it's
like the size of the world how big it is
because it is like eight days or
something until black ops is released
eight days how can I control myself or
when there is ruinous thing called real
and the map packs we play all the
Ã¶hlins we make up these like ridiculous
things where you have to survive but
just knives or just pistols or something
but you know it's pretty exciting it's
also pretty exciting as Hannah's
birthday's coming up and I have the
present all organized I just need to
find the time to to get to the place and
get back before she notices because I
want to surprise our daughter to think
so our acts like I don't have a present
and that way think I'm a terrible
boyfriend and I have forgotten but then
we'll give her a fake present followed
by the real present oh yeah
yeah it is so rainy but it's not like
raining it like it's storm rained for a
few minutes so it's like soaking but
it's not that bad now we're playing
hide-and-go-seek I hit the aim of the
game is to convince Alby that you've
left the house and then he has to go
find you
he thinks that first we thought that I
left and then I had many family in the
shower now John's inside a crazy see
their daddy
come on its way now that's right now and
you're like to knock like that who's
that go find them
go find them with a mere
oh boy we'd like to play this almost
every day drains our makes me smarter
yeah exactly that's fun right waiting on
it like fun little man he does what he
can we intended to carve the pumpkins
today but then we got distracted and
then we watched inception and then we
watched another film or something and
now I think we're just gonna watch
another top dozen I have a feeling there
any guys watch inception what you guys
think of it I don't was like bloody
awesome what a cool ending like I really
appreciate that ending instead of like
you know I remember reading this quote
once it was like if you're making a
feeling right don't think your audience
is dumb like because you don't need to
explain or he got sort of thumb did like
there's no need to explain extra
explanation it was it was quite simple
like and I was explained but the idea of
like they didn't he didn't need to close
it off you know I mean him loud it tool
and you can see if you see I don't know
ruin a penny alright but that last few
seconds of the film is really really
good like I really enjoyed it so thumbs
up for inception
now that the mothers have gone away
goodbye to de azapa doesn't like his new
food so much mm-hmm he was scratching at
the bakers box after he gave me the new
healthier organic food so I don't know
maybe just obviously he's gonna prefer
the bakers are you grabbing at
but this not supposed to go here as
anyone yeah one time that's a little got
your bit for today now I suppose why
don't you come get some candy for me I
got the house yes I've also got a puppy
usual again don't worry Fisher a little
bit blurry
now I don't know why Alby feels the need
to take his food and bring me into the
sitting room I neither because we have
never stolen his food no one has ever
stolen his food on him before but yet he
takes one at a time
what in peace brings it inside that's
the chewing area that's the gathering
area it's like he's got a boner of bowls
of water all over the house but for some
reason the one in my study is the one he
likes that's it he wasn't a huge lead
his food there right and he'll go
upstairs and he wants to go in right
because that's the water he wants to
drink because piggy
let's take after me
