today let's do chores to hold the old
green screen but you probably green
screen myself somewhere right now I
could be anywhere anywhere in the entire
world that could be me
cruising on Jamaica beaches bundle city
streets good time but the light has gone
down so leaky and might be around Brown
we go from the poppy when you love hugs
from the poppy every morning I get hugs
from this puppy every morning Oh
licks as well
licks as well welcome home see grandma
all ootds we know what OTD is leave a
comment below and you will win
absolutely nothing
what you all gained my respects
why did you just do my deodorant and I
just went like that's the problem
wearing fancy clothes look now you can
spin on the outside smelling fresh the
guy's family I just failed I just failed
of the boyfriend because before I at the
door and I talked back of her dress if
they're her pants or her tights or
something and then I was supposed to
notice notice because I was too busy
opening the doors and walking out the
doors told me it failed it failed as a
boyfriend because I did not notice that
you guys ever done that to your
boyfriend's have you been official
girlfriends technique yeah it's an
official test girls took my boxers into
my hair that doesn't work so well but
guys we're all running around the fun
watery area but oh no mommy's too cool
she's all dressed up she won't come in
she won't come in who raised you to the
other side
Oh Abby who raised mommy to your side
who drinks gonna win you're gonna go to
walkie that way I'm gonna go that way
that's the luck go
come on Abby Abby
I'll be sorry sorry it's all flooded the
whole place is flooded out there I want
to beat you anyway but it's off lettuce
it's a flood lens up floodplain it's
flooded guys my husband's a flooded in
the sentence it's flooded
I was cooking for Mama starlight and
Mama love roof hmm what you gonna make
for them for the Mamas angel surprise
boy you make this channel exciting
double rainbow
double rainbow
that means all your genes are gonna come
true
really yeah what that means so we're
getting all the food now what are we
gonna bake decided that way I think we
just get well we roam the aisles and
we're the side as we're roaming we'll
call it free roaming my phone free
groans we are making the shepherd's pie
this is how you put a pie in the
Sheppard first thing you do you can
appeal the pep tacos potato battle
potato
then you gotta get some steak that's
interpret my mix boom three points
without you five points so let's get to
work shall we
Gemini's I saw your hands get after
peeling like a zillion potatoes Danny
are there whoa that might so crazy
there's our potatoes potatoes I don't
know why the skins are Halloweeny but
for some reason they are I was upstairs
washing out his bum bum because when we
ran to watch he got it all dirt seized
and when Mama love blue comes here Anna
doesn't want her grandson to be all
dirty so we're cleaning him up you see
my thing about always making mashed
potato it's always to chop it up before
you put it in to mash it up if you chop
it up beforehand it tends because if you
just plop that anti-glare just grab that
bring it over here and plop it in here
it doesn't cook thoroughly in the inside
and that's where you get the chunky mash
and I don't like chunky man like my mash
to be nice and soft
okay so now this one the potatoes have
been washed and are ready to be primed
boiling water
yeah just go lengthways or whatever
that's probably also an identity
yeah I got to the meet
your sparklers trying to gain some free
lovin I was caught in my plan
now that the meats and the boil well
that doesn't look to you Pleasant that's
me
it's pretty good I'm gonna match the put
out in here runner mashing in this
because it's not as straight and it much
more difficult in the colander so we've
now merged the potato with the meat like
this I'm just so that I'm just putting
in the lines and it gives a nice texture
see little lines so when you cook it it
just makes a nice texture so you got the
meat underneath and to put it on the top
and now we're just gonna pop that in do
but this er just go holes in it and sort
of marinate the two flavors together you
guys do the may looks over should we
vlogger
should we not forget the cake my mom rod
oh my god
blue who's Oliver Daniel you got a
present to them oh yes a pleasant tune
off you go Oh
leather whole Uruk a section for my pad
I am one come on - you know you should
slantways number Thank You McFarland
okay in there just take the wrapper off
I don't want to give you know hey no
sneak a peek just sneak a peek you said
you sneak a peek over the food we didn't
need the case we had the romantic at
romance the cans - we also had these
fruitless
Russia plugs warden key lime pies before
I had exposed my first key lime pie
we're up here hiding because the boring
boring scenes are downstairs
I got an iPad case but my brother sent
me NEMA from an iPad in each side of an
iPhone it's not here
boy do I have an iPad case because
someday I have an iPad to put inside us
but at the moment all I have is an iPad
case I guess I can pretend to people I
have an iPad I can just open up and be
like what I can I can I can I don't want
to see what a screen inside scoop way to
be smashed it a while ago wasn't smart
it was Anna
I don't know she's lying to me she's
never telling me to take something
better go back down or we'll get in
trouble
oh my god okay on TV hold it up is on TV
TV bolas Cayo TV go back down you could
you wanna you could pretend it's an iPad
tell your friends evac I yeah that's the
car park down there
look at this going here so as I said
squeal yeah here's my mother who's gonna
speak you guys in some Irish well hello
there
gosh I'm Johnson's mother for my sins
and I'm down here visiting Johnson and
Anna in cook the only place they were
fabulous house and we're talking all
about the wedding plans G the cortisol
volcania not Tommy should insure a car
key
the Johnson Oguz Anna there's a homonym
a report on edition of this fallout fan
polska Marburg and Paul said a child
octant I was coming large Felipe native
Java this chemical Erica nienna I was
having shot into chocolate in a taco we
said torch in a vertical air all
overcome inertia gory hula Halloween
Jonathan thanks Union Chechen
home we're up so it's very long hours
for us actually gajala causes the
education engineering and the
engineering Sweden air Greenland Lana I
was a clown Libya war I was a burger for
lunch oh I'm not review everything
rahimuddin show action 8 I knew of my
gorillas ok get you go wrong I didn't
respond well yeah are they saying what
coming fun to show the me here so loving
only ago
- Shawn or
leaving sir Irish I don't remember I had
no idea what anyone saying give me some
comments let me know what people are
talking about here jonathan is a
dumb-dumb
yes I would say is my opinion slow not
anymore
Kunis and Elina everyone's I remember oh
did you enjoy my dinner I made I don't
know what is blasphemy are rumors fancy
somewhere on our motorcar in the
countryside you can pay whistling in the
background it could be like a cover
besides it really Celia oh it's got a
little pink bits in it as well
that's just a mess of fabrics here in
Scotland specifically from Dingle Dingle
dangle Oh
