market and I was gonna commit me but
she's not ready yet and a woman may not
leave the house until she is 100% ready
otherwise that looks bad under gentlemen
take note ladies always look good for
your gentlemen points points normally
possible so here we go but I gotta test
good today I'm gonna answer the market
but it's a long walk
this fits all right because it's a bit
of a hill but
the way back up the hill is not fun and
then across the bridge and longer walk
just a week now sender is it this look
nice
here today
it is so bloody winning time to be Harry
but I got morning growler that's what I
went through market for as far as I know
well I met them all in the market at
home but the extended family cousins
starlight dogs all right everything else
back at home so you like still work
there so functional so you know guys
this rumors is a new pet super massive
gigantic store opened up in dougie so
we're down and W now we tried to park
outside but it failed so we're gonna try
and park into the big car park place
thing that's up here but the only
problem is we got did a little out of
atrocity with us I hope you don't have
to walk through the center because
sometimes you know supposed to bring the
bodies into the center forward plot
Bobby what's wrong
we're gonna get some toys I'm gonna get
some toys I need some toys
I said don't miss your toy she's young
homes we actually decided not to park
inside in the car park just in case just
in case there's a complaint or among you
so we actually parked outside where I'll
be gets is that haircut you got out of
the car you kind of looked open he's
like
we've got this place the French market
because one time there was a French
market here so now it's known as the
French market
I'll come here sign up here supposed to
be take one reach in behind you have to
get a little bag Albie you can walk
around you see how he likes to sleep in
this bed where he likes to sit upstairs
at me and he likes to be downstairs yeah
I think they come in the whole big set I
have my own dump
yeah all right Abbi you gonna stay in
there stay there
ah you like that it's like a big bleep
in big bleep and probably have you stay
there how much for that doggie this one
how much is that doggie in the window
have you look good in there looks like
this little one this is what we're
looking for
savvy
try to make it like play there you go
find Eve like okay so that was quite
eventful we went in there for five
minutes
and we ended up spending about an hour
or something they suggested as a
Haverhill specialist down in Middleton
poor him so
we can say hello obviously a bit
confused either being here before guys
so we got this new special food for
Albie
it's like 22% the amount of it it cost
like a million euros num-num for Albie
no no no yeah that you do name anonymous
num num num nums first-day tradition
guys don't judge me
don't judge me searching eyes off me get
yourself down 70 Rockets and feed
yourself some bacon cheese fries it's a
Thursday tradition to eat
Eddy buckets make sure it's got extra
cheese
and they can please on my Eddie Rocket
fries cuz it's set Thursday trucker man
I'll be a good name for a good luck show
you should check that out
final diet
so full in here today is like the moment
it's like
yes I'm and midterm break
that one his prints
exactly teddy bear factory they have 730
barfight please
well guys for in pesco y'all either to
get a leader back
when pineapples
this one
anything
maybe like kill them all
all the face most you you like some
perverted fruit feeler
well she clearly did not never we're
back
this is your Wi-Fi area still like you
to make the Wi-Fi in it no but you're
handing over your black hat the Wi-Fi is
no good we down there shopping guys back
doors we go no it's fine here just
optimizing the images - gross
hey boys
exit No
then next one down now what's how we do
it you that's better
time for the weekly episode of Stargate
oh yeah how long is that much in Caprica
afterwards I love the day when I get to
watch Stargate Atlantis in Caprica
brings you back to watching Stargate
Atlantis and Battlestar Galactica I know
we've all moved on anyway
that's too much I think I put some
equations
what does Nina make for dinner what has
Dean made for dinner
Nina made some dinner Judy oh you
dropped some leaves on mine by accident
I think I like your fagioli so that's
called a dealio have the chili or what's
a cop Julie Julie Julie someone does
that they comment in yesterday's video
which is up like so late guys but you
know busy day I love the way you say
Bridget nourish
maybe he/she got one
