so I didn't love today because I was
busy creating games I just want to say
something personal okay okay and you
guys probably allowing you guys to
subscribe to the starlight and did you
notice the brush II prior to other thing
I people that goddamn name and it came
back Bridget
because I are you spell a lot of things
phonetically right and I as a designer
I've learned over the years I don't
trust myself because I spell right so I
went in government and came back as
brigitte bardot right so I went to put
the name on it then then it comes back
that nice person so and I happen to know
his full name
Patrick Jolie do you know something
really important what you know I'm gonna
computers you know my middle name is you
know my middle initials are PC and his
giant PC Jo know my middle name forget
them forget that breathe eat eat
yeah so anyway that's why I forget her
and you couldn't even so anyway that's
why that was about wrong you know and I
was really busy I know I am but do you I
like the lights with the pictures not I
kind of stuff is not pretty awesome well
yeah so like don't be hating on the
video because my misspelling a lot of
thing people are over that because I put
like a better billion annotations on top
of the bit that is about wrong and I
think you can kind of hardly see it now
or maybe you can I don't know but anyway
I didn't vlog today how did it in vlog
today the subscriber wall didn't blog
today I'll be didn't vlog today I was
going to the doggies
yeah I was just hyper because it's gonna
see the doggies but don't use anything
about doggies just saying things about
minding the house yeah minding the house
not about
duckies backis
Kristin Tommy
Rosie that's right sure donkeys oh
you're so cute
so we're going over to mama style lines
because auntie uncle godmother doggie
three legged dog III arms dogs oh yeah
she's a bit cheeky tipping Bridget
Bridget Bridget anyway oh my mom's
coming on Friday guys speaking of
Bridget's even though her name is
Bridget but that's half the bridge breed
Bridget she's not the JIT she's the
breed mommy oh it is anyway my mom is
like totally fluent in Irish so I'm ray
just cause I was like cuz we didn't like
your German thing I'm gonna actually try
and get her to like speak God's iron I
won't understand I don't understand how
do you own understand but I bet you
there's a little handful of you guys out
there call us at our toll Oh Anna is
door okay we gotta get us out of here
he doesn't like when I put petrol in the
current because he gets confused this
place you have to pay first
yes
it is pretty much a toasty
the effect in car
pun industry matures
Jonathan are you using vegetarian food
over there
no I cuz I thought you were I thought
you mentioned something about wanting to
taste vegetarian food no I'm saying can
you bring in a live cow alright oh yeah
well you have
we as homie yo-ho-ho making some mad
time Jojo whore lads lads and lassies I
tell you what now I'd be heading out to
Zombieland in in Zombieland Nikolaj
means I've got no but I've got vodka
that's an in-joke he's out playing
ecology zombies
anyway Gino was released today JD 2020
he's like the community managed or
Treyarch and he was saying that they are
confirming that you're going to be able
to use the black ops weapons which is
all like the modern well some modern
vietnam-era weapons in call of duty
world at war
zombie map packs which is the four packs
that we have that is totally totally
awesomely cool because he is like world
war two stuff to fight off the zombies
but Maji is like fully are my brothers
an m4 house you heard about there
Blanche she's gone about my hunch well
now I never will I swear party cocktail
party I swear again elegant party boost
pressure strokes hobbies outside now
because his friends have gone home javis
office has no pants on Joe first forgot
he had no pants on
