you'll notice a dark Giddings nowadays
it's like little lights are on and
everything so it's so horrible cuz you
wake up in the morning look like P Diddy
but actual good morning look like we did
he had best run sir
hey you there cleaner get to work that's
orange what are you going to do all day
oh we go whatever work we go you don't
love it it's not actually cold it's
right booty start but it's not cold so
I'll take the warmth from the darkness I
suppose rather than it being slightly
sunny but rainy and cold guys there is
this massive smell of McDonald's in the
car from when we got it last night it's
like
that's the first time I went to my
thumb's in light I don't know like I
think when we were in the UK the day we
are actually coming back from the UK I
should put message by Ron you guys like
some sort of a Road Safety Authority you
don't put your seatbelt on how he's
going to be fostered yeah Sweden meeting
like thousands at a time we left the UK
because it was like 4 o'clock in the
morning we were hungry what are you
gonna do McDonald's Oh ran up to the
drive-through right now I know the one
who go this is actually being
refurbished and rebuilt and stuff so we
went up to the one and I drove past you
know a little menu thing is this is in
yesterday's vlog but we didn't specify
that this had happened because I was at
the end of it but we actually passed the
intercom system
they actually passed the intercom system
and not actually given our order and
then went up to the pay window and
giving the order and that's why the guy
was like hi totally forgot this is a
midterm break for all the schools and
everything oh my god guys I'm driving
along and I'm thinking okay what's
happened did the world end or something
why is there absolutely no traffic this
is insane it's like empty rows guys owe
me this is where it's like jam-packed
and it's just like crawling on empty
empty roads oh it's such a rainy drizzly
horrible day what am I going to do with
Albie we need to take him on a walk oh
no you can move you know the same is
just being normal
do you like your wrinkled
he needs to get used to it but he looks
really cute and it has been horrible oh
I think I need to put them in the leg
brace thing okay good boy it's just
supposed to make it more secure Eris
that's better
alby's gonna be really freaked out
because my aunt and uncle and all my
cousins are coming we're not all my
cousins but all my cousins from their
family are coming they're bringing their
two dogs but their two dogs are big well
they're not huge but they're bigger than
a b-boy so they bring their two dogs and
oddly has no clue so and he usually
doesn't really like big dogs very much
but we'll see cuz they are staying here
for a couple of days so we'll see how
they get on okay I need to start that
that's like a week's supply of coffee
cups that have been left here everyone
is on holidays this week there's nobody
in here I'm completely alone on my own
this is insane
I can't me and that I was like why is
the college MD why is there no traffic
that there's absolutely no one here this
is it just me just me and my lonesome
Todd hey Todd
what's that your lonesome me too
my cousin Esther just made pumpkin pies
little mini pumpkin pies I'm filming by
the way
my aunt and godmother my cousins on my
uncle
anyway she made these aren't they cute I
thought they'll be Oh Lizzie
good girl good girl like an Bernice Eve
oh I'll be made some new friends
Anna's birthday is on the 3rd of
November which is next Wednesday so you
guys want to send birthday cards to Anna
send them to my P o box and I'll
actually give them to her on her
birthday so if today is Tuesday which is
actually Wednesday when I put this up so
it's a week away so I send lots of
birthday cards because it'd be kind of
cool to get loads of birthday cards for
Anna so send the birthday cards to
Jonathan Joey send it in like one
envelope to Jonathan early and then
inside of putting it on to Anna or if
you want just go ahead and send it to
Anna saucony peal box 211 the full of
dresses down in the doobly-doo yeah I'm
trying to side with the guy who though I
have a couple of ideas but I can't
really say it because there's a good
chance that I might actually watch these
and be all like oh is that what you're
getting me for my birthday
so or maybe there's something like you
tell her not to watch the vlog and then
I could go ahead and show you guys or
something like that I'm not really sure
so yeah so
senesin birthday cards pew box down
below today November we're on the water
raining it's windy and wet there's Roger
Roger only has three legs am handsome
uncles and dogs and cats and farm yard
animals have all come over from Anthony
I which is over in Galway so I got a
smooth my mama style ads to pick up the
remaining members of the Saucony Jolie
family Oh God entire melty brain equals
pain Oh blimey I made a boo-boo with the
gears me
but extremely windy but I decided see
the diner's not home yet
and we're gonna need food later might as
well get that food now because we are
obviously gonna need to go and get so
somebody could go ahead is my name so
I'll be no hyper he played with two dogs
one of them had three legs and one of
them has three toes on one foot first he
was barking at them he didn't care about
the whole family like my cousins and my
aunt and uncle he just didn't for his
family just brunch at the dogs but then
he got used to them and we went on a
walk to here yeah and he was like the
pack leader you know really see them
around the puck leader what the you
got some copy oh yeah
holy money-making Gordon man
we've got some pork pork Ã¤j-- what menu
laughs I'm just trying to have a test
drive
think I did a good job there it's my own
with the pepper Irish Danny got the
porky one she went to London oh oh wow
and wake up sleepy bones it's dinnertime
but somebody has fallen fast asleep
hey guys funny you know that I'm a set
of Facebook page group thing that you
just have to like so we don't have to be
a friend you can just like light the
page and I made it specifically for this
Taccone Jolie sort of community that
we're creating here rather than having
like a page of mine and page of Anna's
this one here it's like you know put
stuff up there that won't either be
specific to me or to an art Albie you
know just just kind of creating a more
of a community you know and that's like
a really cool medium to you so check it
out and like it um this is the page here
anyway for porn and tarnish that's it
there you just look it up so just type
type type dish input yeah and press like
there's no lifing there because clearly
I already like it I love it but come
like us link is in the below place first
person to click it wins 1 million
dollars problem is I don't know a single
dollar all I have is euros
