over there were like a huge Titan you
are gonna go over over I need to spell
that again it is so cold today guys this
is the coolest green on my life my life
is full of strife because I'm called you
called goblin openness Carthage Carthage
doublet when you have to leave them
everyone says how have you got a second
one there are they don't mind as much
it's making loads of friends to the end
I walk
get rid of like Chiba don't mind look at
this little disobedient pop come on the
Train guys this is the driver up here
driving the Train here try them in the
Train yeah what's that stuff oh I think
there's some turbulence coming up means
disconnected disconnected it's connected
Rama let's go Casco little terrorists at
the terrorists to Tesco we go today the
Tesco we go
when is it a suitable time or a
boyfriend to be pinched because I get
pinched a lot and especially when I've
been a nice cuddly boyfriend proud
walking with my lady on such a fine day
I get pinched and then I'm told I
deserved it and I'm told answers why
would I know girls when is it
appropriate and and also when is it
appropriate for me to punch me in the
face back cuz that's what's gonna happen
cuz that's reality but they're all of it
tablo's anything okay look for anyone
kids even oh so expensive like magazines
are talking like six seven euros for a
magazine and even though all that
information is available on live fishing
shooting birding game on
well is that right eco bride's home and
away
oh so sir each day
like you're in that magazine guys I have
to question the girl that they put in
the front of this magazine
meaning puzzler she looked happy
puzzling away Oh
lawyers in the south I love Lloyd Lloyd
is my new best friend
yep okay y'all get a tikka masala one
allocators just Frizzle
oh they're not actually there I don't
know maybe to give it select my basil oh
okay that's how we're getting it right
on basil and Chile one guess sometimes
you have to get what you want like you
get a little cheat or something honey if
that's our Grail yeah
light and fragranced
I love some research true and Lady Grey
Lady Grey was there too sir I know it's
quite a big box
do you want a thing in the UK he's here
to get the real samples for euro please
be a good boy while we were gone you've
been a good boy key season Douglas penny
it's like there was amazing three years
ago 40 years ago my friend John we were
like really I think we're I had a knack
for tonight and like he kept going on
about this chicken coral or coral or
something that Creole that you can get
from Casey's so I was like okay okay I
got it I didn't like it was just a
massive mayonnaise but mama starlight
told us that instead of going to the
place that we always go to which is I
stay the Prince John is gonna bullies
bullies and Douglas I think is we always
get food from him she said we should try
it
check out the yeah Casey's insects so
I'm gonna pin him down and see what
Casey is all about could be good could
be good people a bit good babe
all rain and cold and rain and cold and
it's not nice get the training I'm cold
oh you just go ahead and right there
that's bullies guys we always order from
there is right there
crazy so we tried to go to the Creole
Casey plays the role posit the cue is
insane is like a massive queue
everyone's standing in the rain what the
hell are you selling crack cocaine or
something I wouldn't even stand in the
rain for crack cocaine thank you sir
thank you kindly man just let me drive
fast
he's too good he's too good this is our
only option guys this is our only option
oh my god this is not 24 hours
McDonald's McDonald Kentucky Fried
Chicken on the pizza alright guys so
what do you guys want
all right I just realized that was not
the man I was supposed to order from
those two men that supposed to pay it
wanna sneak then that's what he was like
oh like hold on a second cuz he was
talking under yeah thanks he's talking
on the intercom team to like other
people husband
