now a rather need to know help me make
them come on good morning Eduardo so it
looks like we've lost a lego head under
here so I'm going to lift it up Amelia
and you're gonna have to run in Eduardo
- okay I'm going to lift up the sofa you
guys you're gonna have to run in and see
if you can find the Lego head okay okay
is that it away
right up you send it away for safety and
security
okay
it was the chocolate factory
daddy do
okay
hi
bye-bye
so
you don't I
hello also I'm telling to get my back to
demolish I'm which like desperately to
Donders and yesterday when I was in the
baby master's class I was wearing a
dress and I stuck my legs out just to
get comfy because we're on the floor and
like gorillas legs seriously that's what
comes to your mind like that sort of
look like and I have quite fair hair
like that's bad if you if you think of
it it that way it's bad don't win the
nursing bras really annoying because
like kind of limits what you can wear
about um I like this dress actually
maternity dress but nobody needs to know
that um and I can just wear my hair down
and then you can't see the nursing
straps so yeah I'm heading it to do
waxing
um it's only going to take like maximum
an hour but still I'm scared because
yeah and I see is not taking a bottle
and obviously Jonathan's at home but
she's asleep right now and I'm just
scared that like she's gonna wake up and
be hungry and I won't be there and she
just won't take it like I pumped
everything's ready good to go but like
really hold is okay so I have to go out
later again this afternoon and yeah
we'll see if I can time them with her
nap so but I can't do this all the time
like this many times I can't do this
so anyway fingers crossed if anybody has
any tips about babies taking bottles and
she was fine with it on Tuesday
took a bottle drank the whole thing
Tuesday and then Thursday she refused to
take a bottle so she was fine all the
way up until last Tuesday I just don't
know what went wrong like I think she
just has got stubborn because she knows
that my boob is there and she obviously
prefers that I mean
I kind of think why baby would you know
but anyway yeah so hopefully I'm not
gone for too long and Jonathan survives
without me
fingers crossed thousand the bedycasa am
amazed by a flame in a woman sighs in
the backup moo moo moo moo get Carolyn
my darling eyes and the bear mmm Ellen
behind a bear coming hello Lou five and
a para la pluma moment skip to the loo
my garden Oh
somebody order a pizza
oh boy I gotta get my seats already on
it's got working open the pizza up have
a little look inside huh
what's the nature side - this is really
cool we made a whole pizza factory thing
and it looks exactly like the guy in the
box we've got the bike here and
everything that's really cool guys it
was a productive morning thanks bye
y'all
just got done waxing no emergency text
from Jonathan yeah so fingers crossed
but this is illumos in and everything is
now fresh and team feel like over on
holiday but not and I think that it I'm
asked my bed spray tan because the girl
that starts my waxing élisa élisa
élisa yeah so bad I hate when people
say Allah feels wrong and here is quite
similar and I'm not gonna ask rivets
pray time because my time is not working
anymore I'm just sweating it off on like
the gradual tanner because I'm
breastfeeding during the night and I
just think it's like just not working
anymore so I'm all those things
correctly it can help get rid of
cellulite so I need not to I need
everything yes we filmed like an hour
and a half of footage this is the a day
in the life of the kids video I think
it's gonna be cool though everyone's
asked what you guys have already seen it
so hope you guys liked it but everyone's
always saying that and I was like oh
yeah let's do it for fun you know
that's what I'm doing you know after
eight years of thinking these videos you
know I'm just trying to like change it
up a little bit you know just doing
different things and like with so many
other things going on and the kids are
in school and I become as the family
gets older it keeps me a little bit more
like the day-to-day privacy you know but
I still love making these videos so I'm
just trying to figure out different ways
where we can still make the foreign
videos but we're just filling them a
little bit differently you know and they
don't keep it interesting I think I'll
keep it interesting let me know let's
talk about it oh my goodness to the
cellar and off right and these people
just came with like towels and
everything I think that think that this
is like a water park or something on his
land now okay okay oh hi
what I was joking or was I
you'll ever know to joke well Caroline
right so we got to get the water parks
open are we looking for where is my
children oh my goodness max inflate all
of them okay we have to blow just blow
them up manually okay right are we ready
for waterpark time we need to open our
while we've got customers we've got
customers certainly our new business
adventure okay you actually are blowing
them up all right come over to help me
you dissin read the extension read okay
we've got some customers in our park
guys there's an extension cable in here
somewhere somewhere pretty extension are
there is all the water one okay is here
gymnastics expert yeah
all right be the extension cable
Theodore
do you want to work in my water park
okay this is going to be water park
when I was younger younger than a mouse
loved it when me stop now I'm modern
things are just a flavor for me
and if they
Dow's thought
ah
then the nuclear
I'm Brandon Iowa
alright the waterpark is returned now is
five times rattles depends children can
pound for influencers look at all the
Orbeez in the farthest far risk is it
there or be part why is that cause out
that is scary Road that's the only way
that is controlled media background
that's the road to nowhere the throw of
the school actually it is through the
school suppose secondly do you want me
to drop you into this a bath of Orbeez
compost orbits that's what we do
I'm hoping we're all going to dry out
themselves naturally we did solve them
salt is that those work in killing
Orbeez but it also killed grass so if
you have Orbeez on your grass don't
recommend it don't recommend it at all
but if you have Orbeez in a contained
box which I didn't have but then
immediate ought it was a good idea to
take all the Orbeez out of the pool in
you either take it back no didn't really
work this don't lean forward wind that
he's studying you making lunatic oh okay
I think the water park is closed what
what were you going to do no trampoline
part so water part
how many parks Center is it did you have
fun in the trampoline or the water park
I thought of the trampoline park Eduardo
Eduardo Eduardo are you a Jedi
yeah it's your new best friend
Ava was the driver of the water park is
a V Universal I'm glad they're your legs
oh we never get a picture of the Bears
wardo Oh
take the bear and go back into water
parks anything in a photograph of your
bear I'll have you there's a bear from
school they have to bring on adventures
so we're like we looked through the book
with all the other families to do and we
like we got a top down it's competitive
it's a competitive competition okay well
I'll climb up and put them up there and
we'll just take a picture Ava will climb
up and put them up there what you're a
professional why it's all right I'm
dryer okay just put them up somewhere
yeah I put them in the mouth
where do you want to be in the photo -
lieutenant me gonna give me a hand come
this way
step over no no no you won't get away
you won't get wet climb up the thing no
no no climb up the thing
it's dry nice I turn the water off
turn the water off holy crap hold the
bear can you get shot see maybe in a
West Manor
stretch - hi
Oh
