just you and me guys it's just you and
me Anna is going to get her hair cut but
she's leaving me and I'll be all alone
soon
that's
it's always good to go finish get stuck
inside the little thingy always to get
the littles we need a new invention guys
so I'm a coffee spoon live about with a
little bout don't forget to be little
what are you doin over there I'll be
always somehow knows when someone's
leaving all the time so it's like yeah
whatever that guy's always leavin but in
terms of mommy it is our life I don't
know what I'll be about that kind of a
voice gets to put the coffee in the
coffee coffee coffee somebody's running
a little late
what don't you speed all right what time
is it now you got 10 minutes I can't
drive you down because by the time I'd
actually get to the car turn on the car
and drive around you'd be there better
hurry up put on your lip liner don't
forget to smudge the crease and and
blend it always blended girls never
forget to blend it a little blending
here I could cut your hair I give you a
great job okay this is no time for games
for Nathan this is no time for your
foolish antics and you guys watch him
Stargate Universe yesterday it's one way
Eli used to stones and teleported back
to his dad to see his mom because she
was sick in hospital and then when her
mom got clearance to use the stones to
get on - I was gonna say to Douglas but
that Stargate Atlantis to get on to the
ship I was so sad
Oh sitting around excuse me I get a
little emotional sometimes
and you guys watched a great universe
and have the same emotional reaction
that's thinking about succinate universe
it's a you know kind of like - a
Battlestar Galactica watch you know it's
very slow sometimes the integrity of the
show that the scenes are so mature like
it's so powerful you know it's not you
know Mama's gone done what shall we do
now
what's that like it's like turn camera
sir camera turn camera sir fast can I do
this
oh all you girls need to turn away right
now
okay or a lot of girls like you pay to
protect this at total nerd ISM right
it's a countdown timer it's a countdown
timer only a matter of days guys were in
the teens 19 days to the release of call
of duty black operatives are you excited
but I'm not so sure if you think you
know that one
I can't guide it that's like the movie
makes us like Javas Nathan remix they
make a man about em 96 97
he's 697 cuz I just learned being in the
discos and in that song come on e blow
oh yeah go get aboard go and do some
dancin with the boards you know where
else to old dancin yeah and then give me
think of my knee be alright alright
let's buy some wiring your eyes pinned
crime now give me I guess
a lot
until that like
Oh
problems opening the door
Mike's hair did you got your hair did
and your cheaters not really really
pretty
yeah like if your hair is long or
whatever and your hair kind of rolled
out yeah oh it's like natural shape my
mum's excited
I love it give me that
what do you guys think or what's the
options which is rewind back to earlier
I think it's very like this yeah yeah
it's like come on cor nice guy has a
heart attack put this on him yeah so
jonathan rough two would be no Fox to
beö box to beö box you know when
you're sitting in trafficking it in
yourself lucky West Lane right there and
I'm taking a left-hand turn
do I risk it do I risk hey wait a second
it's not my turn there for delights yeah
well she's definitely risk it for a
biscuit over sir is that a pull over
your word no it's a jumper I think we
need to start plowing this alvey's p.o
box so Albie let's see if you got
anything in your P o box
cuz he catch everything I get nothing
so moments ago I made a joke how its
alvey's P o box look at this thing
what is it obvious for you Harvey okay
let's wait until we get we what you got
there what you got there what you got
there is that a squeaky thing did you
get a squeaky thing
oh okay excuse Anna because she's havin
a freak attack over here the very nice
precise of one has said Anna a variety
of makeup and not just like normal
makeup guys like piles and piles a mac
makeup like I'm so enjoyed like I don't
deserve this dough no birthday present
from for Erica is what Erica is going to
freak out like you have no idea like
Erica was so because I have it way to be
yes when the he'll give you my
collection came at Erica I wanted it so
bad but she just couldn't afford it like
she's only 12
yeah 12 so look Erica like we have to
feel that confident that's because she
is gonna go ballistic she is going to go
insane start opening the box I was like
oh this is just for Albie and I treated
box and I was like oh my god why is
there a padded envelope in here they
know that I don't buy like expensive
makeup I don't know I'm really shocked
I'm like oh my god I've never had hope
again ever held so much Mac mine in my
life I got this from a tannery who I'm
gonna be honest I didn't think how do
you really like me all that much I bet
you like Donna went better but she is
actually a really nice girl and she has
a really cool blog as well called lake
lake breeze a thing does it look like we
guys she sent me
look around a bit
look at you down here now it's actually
not bad size
so ours mine vegetarian so I may faint
it's my lung my vein I got it's nothing
guys
so my plan is okay when all we have to
rush over they're gonna have to show her
some face makeup I'm gonna cut some
breasts
Jenny sauce chicken Jeanette sauce add a
little cheese put it on a bagel add a
little cheese put it on a bagel refresh
yourself with some coffee refresh
yourself with some cover I said chick
chick chicken add a little chili sauce
chicken chicken add a little chili sauce
or some cheese please some cheese please
put it on a bagel pressure self coffee
put it on a big pressure some caffeine
chicken chicken right a guy guys that
could be like the Christmas number one
if rahein chick chick chicken - Akoni
Jolie's would you buy that song I buy
that song I am looking forward to
munching and munching on you are you
looking forward to it are you looking
forward to getting it a little bit to
drop at bagels little bits always boiled
forever growing guys more and more
little additions to our subscriber wall
hey Nikki that's funny isn't it
maybe it's a Westie King I know Ricky
Ricky
yeah just just let now me no but this is
that this is what's waiting for him okay
then look at the little devil let's go
check on our pond Alvey we're gonna pond
up here and you guys been here for a
while
you don't remember might built this pond
whoa
it has grown up looking a lot of stuff
here that's growing around it I know
where the edge begins
that's what Margaret wanted a swamp it's
become a swamp the pond has become a
swamp that's clear look it's just like a
little riverbed you can't see the edge
that cool Abbey it's a super cool I
think it's super cool the drawback to
having cats is always the fact that they
kill everything and they don't just kill
it they tear it apart so there is tons
of feathers of a pigeon or god knows
what that's up here and then I just told
me Anna's mom mama style died was pretty
upset about it and her friends are
coming over so I'm gonna go clean that
up for her because that's what men do we
clean up carcasses of animals hey retard
hi boys don't eat the apple it's not a
real apple I know you're confused did
you bring me a brush did you get me a
brush for soon here we go oh I know one
horse open sleigh what's this Abbey is
it a Halloween treat or toy what's his
name
don't say ghosty come on men's
fragrances women and men I wear Armani
code black code
what a poor family hello kitty of course
sided chaining so - is that a keyring or
something thank you
ah I did do you like Maya and stop your
watch your watch what is this
they're boring girls in their
photographs is so crazy it plays a song
when you press play just thinking
addressing ofa's who I have that shirt
Dorothy and then she can have Alby is
Toto Toto to be total ishes atrocity
we look like em Barney do a dirty shirt
she's gonna look at the shoes
hey Toto write with there's already
gonna part of your seats
oh look it's a proper total basket he's
like what's going on dawg
so is that what you had it yeah two
bucks
yeah oh I see what you're doing
whoa ho jeez
you comes get up a storm yeah well say
we're puttin in today did you sing thank
you very much but I love you but I hate
you
