not really I'm the only one up but this
godforsaken hour in the morning clearly
doesn't do anything I bring your son to
the hairdresser's oh he's getting my
haircut a haircut today oh good the day
oh he's getting my haircut today what
are you doing at my sake I think you may
have something there
can I have that may I may I have that
please may I have that please
may I have that please may I have that
please okay this isn't working we're all
just gonna inner circles I'm gonna need
that yep I'm gonna need that yeah yeah
yeah gibbie's all right you and inside
of just I'll be too
whinging in the back because I have on
paradise pants and they're gonna late
are there like color so it was raining
and obviously when we brought him down
from the house he walked outside that we
just seen there so I didn't want his
little paws during like I did a special
tutorial makeup birthday
Halloween which I can't tell you about I
can't tell you what it's doing kind of
guess so if you want to guess then go
ahead and guess in the comments you
guessed who I'm I am NOT anybody scary
it's a celebrity look but anyway I feel
really overly dressed up because of my
makeup and I'm like what what you're
just spoiled you're just spoiled
I mean my mom she have and we're just
putting up Halloween some Halloween
decoration okay this island here now I'm
putting up the decals decals whatever
you call them these are so cute look at
these 3d pumpkin lanterns this one I'm
gonna put up sorry this is the window
that faces front
like
the front is there but you hope to hang
it you have to put it up where it's
facing in or
you know when you get your child cleaned
and he's a white dog and he looks all
clean and fluffy and perfect and then he
goes and does something like this he's
just made it better
today was a hectic day and I didn't
actually think I was gonna be able to do
it but I managed to get the new intro
completed so that was pretty cool so
what'd you guys think of the new intro
it was up on yesterday's vlog for the
first time its proper obviously it's on
this vlog as well so I hope you liked it
the music is kind of cool because I
composed that I basically just got the
recordings of all the different
instruments and I mix them in and then
the same with the visual effects so I
think it's pretty darn cool my turn to
make the dinner today folks
I think we'll go with sun-dried tomato
and mozzarella cookie cookie cookie
crumble cookie cookie cookie cookie
cookie cookie crumble with it roasted
red pepper pesto right grossman Tomatoes
fried garlic coriander - melon check in
with vegetables yeah oh the one this is
the one folks
I know water boils faster right when you
put the lid on wouldn't it be cool if
there was some sort of invention right
that when you put the lid on you press a
button and then every I don't know like
30 seconds INGOs and it stirs it like
wow I think I've coped with a really
cool idea you want to go and paint in
that idea and you're an engineer and you
can go and make that
a hungry hippo one said I was going to
be a light to the poem but check out
this little invention I just come up
with just everything's everything's
perfectly fine look I came over the way
you can have the spoon thing you know
when you're holding in your hand like
you want to put it down somewhere but
you don't want it to get dirty right
check this out look you just put it in
here look just look just stays there
isn't that like a super cool idea
look at this thing on this thing huh
this one is there so something kind of
happened I was there explaining this new
invention the machine malfunctioned did
you back to its job Oh sexy eyes there
are guys asleep on the stairs okay you
did a little just of them you just went
to piddled up could be a smell of
burning if you get him down baby I want
it now baby come on get it down baby
I want it right now did you get it you
get the baby
an arrest it right am he knows when you
race in the UK what do you think chancer
Chester what do you want say Baker's FTW
do you guys have all your decorations
set up for Halloween yeah oh yeah what
submit Doug before I met Ana
I wasn't probably like the biggest
festive wonderland in the world the
first two places I think I lived in
after leaving home aren't everything
I've got a Christmas tree I never saw
the relevance in it you know Christmases
and Easter's birthdays are so if you
want like a big deal of my family and
everybody saw that big relevant sir to
be kind of point to spending a couple of
Christmases were Anna's family you know
seemed to more family values and seemed
like the whole idea behind you know
Christmas and Halloween and stuff in
Decatur makes me want to do that kind of
stuff more you know years ago I'd be
much more against the idea of like
pumpkins or setting anything up it would
more remind me of like disappointment
and sadness and blah blah blah you know
her now it's like I embrace the holiday
spirit I remember when I first meet
people sometimes and they used to give
me a hug and I'm like whoa whoa whoa
boundaries issues boundaries issues but
now I'm a lot better than but I am a bad
man because I have time
