good morrow good morning
it's just a morning morning arrived we
call this morning
mmm ever invented traffic is a loser
oh so boring oh it moves forward an inch
Bravo
ah to me it is I got all the leaves
we're going to the Halloween shop the
first time I don't know if you remember
that we went here it was slow like it
wasn't open yet so we're gonna go now
but it's really fun I brought I'll be
like an idiot it's so happy when my mom
came over he started whining at the door
and like going crazy and then he started
barking didn't he instead of barking so
you got to get him to be quiet because
of the neighborhood
but I will be
it's unhealthy
got a costume for you over because they
have dog costume
we're in the garden center by the way
this is kind of attached to the
Halloween shop and I'll be pretty
well-behaved actually there's a guide
dog and training here and he hates
pythons
because they're big he doesn't like any
dogs that are bigger than him there's a
guide dog in training at the woman and
she's fine he's not that bad
so he hasn't really done this University
still extremely windy and uh you know I
got some really cute stuff for my house
what are you doing what are you doing
trying to look in there use me use me
baby okay so this is for Alvey cuz he
has really bad hard are my partner sauce
then I got some more homie stuff
I got a cobweb which I might actually
put that baby there I'm not really sure
see I want you to treaters to come here
and I don't know if they will
because we don't we live in like a
kid-friendly area but we're kind of like
on the side where all the young people
are I don't have kids so I also got a
Halloween wreath it was the only one
they had in the shop so I'm gonna hang
that outside and then I got these which
are if I have no idea first I do know
how this worked and then I realized I
put batteries in so I don't know where
to put them
I already have my Wiggy Garland I think
might move some stuff around because
I've got a pumpkin there and I don't
know I might just move some things into
the front because people always notice
like the front of your house obviously
because that's where they're gonna be
come and they're gonna come
trick-or-treating so I'm gonna try and
figure this out and yeah hopefully we
won't need any of Johnson's help for
this hopefully I can do this by myself
Elzy come here what's on your face
what's on your face you're an EP on your
face we're just looking or on a walk and
we're looking at everyone's Halloween
decorations I can't remember if we show
this video should we didn't but some of
them are really really good well for
Ireland I mean if you live in America
then you're gonna look for something
it's kind of crappy
I really hope we get trick-or-treaters
really the only thing that I've noticed
is that not a lot of Irish people have
like kind of organic or like homemade
decorations they're all like
store-bought which is fine mine are too
but nobody actually has any pumpkins
like real pumpkin yeah pumpkins like
real life
don't get up just come aside cuz I'm
looking forward to carving our pumpkins
and I got two baby pumpkins so I'm gonna
carve them too so there'll be like a
mommy pumpkin and then two weeks this is
probably the best one actually my mom
just surprised me she left and then she
came back she had gone to the shop and
she bought me a really nice bunch of
flowers and they're kind of like follow
me I think they're so pretty
cuz they've got like these autumn leaves
in them and some looked white these and
I kind of set everything off there's the
cobwebs the wick geez I think I might
find this though when Johnson gets back
up I might hang it there
and then put my real pumpkin there how
cute is the towel and then I've got two
little face cloths one says boo and then
the other has a cap on my broom I really
don't know they're even
I guess people can dry there
they want to but there's also a tower
there another fact I think that's so
cute I might also put a candle in here
something my mom got me some Halloween
treats these are so fun of it like
little bugs and cockroaches and stuff
like that they're just Ritter sport got
milk chocolate Halloweeny these are so
cute
spooky mellows so they're just like
marshmallows so and then Halloween
Mallos with black currant jam I need to
keep both myself and Jonathan actually
from eating those until Halloween
because they're perfect and I'm also
gonna make some Halloween cupcakes so
yeah it's been a really Halloweeny day I
can't wait to hang my wreath I tried
hanging my race outside and it just did
not work like I couldn't do it myself so
I'm probably gonna take some pictures of
this when it's done and put it on my
blog so check that out and I ciccone
calm and yeah I'm really happy with my
Halloween decoration drive home always
has a completely different team to
driving to work your floats that it's an
entirely different state of mind I think
an entirely different feeling you know
it's like when you're going on holidays
like all just got to get there but
you're excited it keeps you going
somewhere new but when you go at home
like I'm just going
well it's like the apps way around so
today I was talking to some peeps and I
was teaching them about how to create a
null object tracking dependency in a 3d
environment using 2d assets and while I
was doing it I made a quick example to
show the complexity and how how you can
create said y-axis for matiz tracking a
null object and I thought to myself this
would make a grand little intro for this
Taccone Jolie's so yeah so you're
probably gonna see a new intro one of
these days
funny how that happened it was a little
funny cat there but the party pad is
gone the buddy back you guys have any
stairs or steps leading into where you
live
do you wonder how many times you've got
you want open there those steps so we're
gonna do the boyfriend tag on the style
live video but it's kind of like
boyfriend boyfriend husband illuminating
the situation Ivy's are jealous net
because he's not as well style puppy tag
it should be a puppy tag chairs of
screwed so what happens when the music
stops you have to get up and run around
is it looks like been some sort of an
aeroplane but it's very close now I
can't go I have to read the questions
this is a question Peter I must prove
myself my work as a man you've got a
hammer
I'm gonna stick this up on the door
every time I look at it I make the fine
boys
it just looks like a funny voice kind of
thing all right let's go put this on the
door now it's very important when
hammering not so just like before
something or maybe above it that part
over maybe it should be higher than
that's better I hope nobody steals them
which one is it a black one
got a hammer in a bunch let's treat you
nice yeah yeah now kids if you steal
that I will beat you with my little baby
hammer
oh yeah but I've done yourself again
what's that no grated cheese anymore
know my purpose oh that's all Nathan
