and it's trying not to talk today
because that is a loser see how long you
can keep this one up or you can keep it
up all day long I don't know if I don't
keep it all around but let's see how
long she can keep it up for this is
becoming a bit of a problem because Ana
still continuing you guys get that a bit
of a mixed reaction guys about how I'm
trying to change the kind of format of
these blogs trying to make them more
interesting more fun more snappy for the
last few days you've noticed that I've
added them a lot more and that it's a
lot more work on my behalf I kind of
want to make my stance I don't want to
be just another carbon copy of everyone
else so I wanted to come up with a way
that I could express you know my skills
and something that I do differently and
I talk about maybe I just took here's a
little honey little bits like that was
just connecting the dots it's 3,000
people on average i watch the videos
it's the ones that don't see anything
that I don't really know I'm gonna play
around it until I find the format that
suits me I think I think personally I do
know better when you're snappier
where's Matt Albie there's so sunny
today notice that you look at all the
birds
I don't like stopping to see that's
really Irish look at the Irish
picturesque
anok speak now Alby oh I think you need
to get some food let's go somewhere
different today there's no song together
then stars doing it in them stores cuz
we're doing it in stores what do you use
what do you use Woody's there's no
better pie in DIY her mom's got Iceland
I don't know why do moms got ice and
what are poisoning their children that
is imagine I saw someone who is drowning
that how long do you think it would take
me to untangle that is it art is broken
is oh look at this
straggler that's a piece dress oh wow
look at that you can't hit the camera
picks that up to scratch you're gonna
get our money we come buddy
thank you
jinkies the only like fresh waterfall
bottle I only drink Avion just notice
that all the houses on this road have
Halloween decorations
I was pretty excited so walking at me
wow that decorations cool it looks just
like an a Halloween cat well got more
weight Wednesday
don't you mean Thursday Thursday and say
nice okay well we need to go to the
Halloween shop
remind me guys for committing going to
Halloween shop
but it's just funny that a guy's
actually found ya know fire so it's like
these are the Roses box that I like but
it's like oh it's a no fat roses oh wait
there we go
there you go we're gonna stay tell me
you're in that I'll give it five six
it's like one of each like
at the center for pink light
these days security guy is going to know
that every time we come and roll he's
messing the bear somebody kick that
there something swell swell swell
something smells
well well young after these to do to my
mom which is really angry at us do you
like Hey as you can run let you the
sticky rice perhaps no the funnest thing
to ever do your parents are really
annoyed at you right and you're in a bed
at night okay
and you know today they come up to your
room and you're like making loads of
noise and they're like here are like
best thing to do in that situation to
say who is that what might be you will
be beaten to a pulp but for that moment
say you say you speak any chance like
chance you'll have a good time
you're a good YP little man Tate bubble
Monday you don't have to go see the
cat's tonight because mama style I it
sister style line little sister style I
have all come my home so you don't need
to go and look after the cats this
as on the phone her mom telling her mom
I don't allow her to eat vegetables
what's this
use me use me you Tinley I suppose
mama style is under blood oh don't know
we have people who are asking where you
were actually yeah fYI nuts can open a
new bag of coffee I've been feeling
lately that let's push on the song a
little bit more this is going to test
you trapped in a box with a cockney nut
job have a cup of tea have a cup of tea
a cup of coffee for nighttime dropped in
a box with a cockney nut job have a cup
of tea have a cup of tea
