I get why people elope I understand like
people elope I just have a conversation
today you know and we're going to like
guest list and like all this stuff you
know who are gonna fighting stuff and
then you kind of like oh I'm sitting
there you know and you're like no this
person that person and this and time and
you know I was like on oh can I just
elope
can I just like invite none of my family
can I just like I'll elope but the thing
is right Anna's family a really really
nice people now you know so I got spent
since I am pretty much left home about
four years ago I've like build this
entire world for myself right this is
like my world and I've managed to grow
and change you become the person that I
have wanted to be but most people it
knows most people from my past won't
allow me to change or to grow because
when I see them they still want me to be
the person I used to be which is insane
because people change and people grow
but they don't wanna let that happen so
when I when I'm here I feel like this is
my world but then when elements my past
come into this world I feel like they're
like polluting my world and I really
really annoys me because it's like why
do you still try to put me in the box
and I left that box I have nothing to do
with that box so stop trying to pull me
into that box because that box doesn't
exist in my life and that's why we
constantly have conflict because you
look at me and expect me to be the
person in this box but yet I'm so far
outside that box I'm in a different box
I'm not even in a box anymore that's the
problem
so excuse the ichinose eNOS so inside
weird hair and I was like on what if I
elope right but Anna does not elope so
horse is wedding right in in a normally
formaldehyde Coast right family are
there and they're like oh Jonathan
already here from here but oh no no no I
alone I can vote and as families yeah I
was having like a proper wedding but I I
hello you know you guys think is it a
good plan could I pull it off and these
two little birds always seem to be
hanging around here it's so cute
okay whoa that's cool did you guys catch
that I'm like outside my window Hey look
there's a bunny rabbit I'm so jealous
cuz like a big fat so I have my pizza
last night
unfair is what I'm stuck with in a New
York minute
section of something in a while stairs
right in a New York minute
hi New York minute who sang it clearly
they saying it what do they have on the
right-hand side and at the time of the
sting uh-oh
oops good thing it's not my pizza now it
might be a little bit hot forget-me-nots
you've got a tough life enjoy go bagel
slice as much as the next guy I've made
up a song because I see video bingo
bingo bingo bingo bingo bingo bingo all
I can smell is the delicious aroma of
Hawaiian pizza and I'm feeling that my
bagel not going to come close because
all I can smell is the pizza but I'm
looking at is the bagel it just does not
compute subscribers I flipped bad over
last night
being a poof and she pinched me she
pinched me and then she hit me and I
said god damn it and then she hit my
pillow the shower right in the master
bedroom ensuite we never used it right
because the electric shower is better in
the main room right if it's like a head
of merchants who use the immersion but
ever there's a spider man the spiders
been in there for a month because we
just like closed the door and now he's
in the other line I don't put my pillow
in there with the spider
oh he's not there anymore guys right
thank you
no in there no one in here cause the
doors cuz you don't know what happens
when it Nikki place is happy not good
stuff are you okay you okay
obviously acting funny today he's been
acting very strange I think it's because
of when we came here we said that we
were going to his almost house and he
knows what that means we arrived here
and I miss me
oh my wasn't here and I think he's
really confused it's just a bit weird us
coming to his own West has on her not
being here that hasn't really happened
unless we've been like living here for a
while so he's been really strange he's
been acting really really down and sad
and we can't figure out why there's
nothing wrong with him like he's not
sick or anything just depressed or
something hey Pete Erica texted Emma and
said you guys can rid of that spider
well Erica the spire has been got rid of
from that location I cannot guarantee
you two we're about
location of said spider but it is no
longer in that location I'm trying to
decide how much from the chocolate cake
should I leave so it's rude
coming to someone's home and to eat
their entire chocolate cake so I'm gonna
put this back as you can see I have left
nice little bit here of chocolate cake
that's kind of the acceptable amount I
think not to be considered greedy and
mean what do you guys think or should I
just eat that
