so of me and I are gonna go shopping
awesome market you're gonna go for
walkies
kind of now we're gonna meet my mom and
yeah just buy some stuff at the market
let's hope fingers crossed that he's on
his best behavior because he's not
usually worked at the market because
there's so many people oh boy you gonna
be good for Mom no breaking okay likes
to think that all men are evil pressing
this down so he parks them a lot so
fingers crossed he'll be on his best
behavior
I'll be was a very fine boy and he's
sort of barking out everybody soon as he
reached the market so I did something
that Jonathan would not approve of and I
left him in the car obviously I had the
windows kind of down but that's not
really the concern about leaving him in
the carts
people stealing him but we're in quite a
sit like the market is just over there
and we were parked here so it wasn't so
bad but if Jonathan knew I did that he
make you and you will find it ok just
because Jonathan's at work today which
he usually isn't on the Thursday and so
it's just me so I'm gonna get usually
its Thursday's when we get Stephanie the
PA hi misty I got two things from the
peel box and Jonathan and I we got
nothing
well I'll be got the bubble wrap because
I always protect the lightning to
anybody
Jonathan or I'll be got thrown around
cuz he likes things up what I got some
things from my friends in Italy she sent
me some jewelry see and Sonia her name
so I'm just unwrapping that and then I
got some stuff from Coco bow with just
like getting hair and like cosmetic
company in England so and Jonathan got
nothing and they're really nice because
they let me and even though I didn't
have my key with me and then I also got
some fruitcake from our Nate well my
mom's neighbor
so Jonathan gets some homemade fruitcake
Jonathan likes fruitcake a lot my mom's
just waiting over there kids doesn't
want to be on camera she needs to drive
her anyway
and we also went to the market and look
what I got I got pumpkin little baby one
and my mom got some veggies of course I
didn't get any veggies people say but I
don't need any but I actually do
actually like vegetables Oh
but yeah I got some really nice stuff
the only thing I don't well it's not
like trying to be mean or anything but I
got some samples from this company Coco
ball but they're a little smell like I
just hope that I'll be able to review
them properly but anyway it was really
nice of them to send me that stuff and
I'm taking all these home because I have
to decorate the house for Halloween
which is coming up soon
probably a short one most definitely
probably a short one yeah a short one
zombie zombie when the midnight train to
Georgia
we're going for a midnight run guys
midnight munch I'm a little drunk I'm
afraid to say you just forced me to come
out here should I get fellas hallucis
got something fun something that says
I'm having a fun time but at the same
time sells like I'm a pretty serious man
I want to be taken serious but the same
time I want to have fun what says that
honey roasted dry nuts guys I can get
this pinot fight inside there look guys
we're in the black section look you can
see all the products see rekt it's a
Halloween break and there's like a
different type of branch when I got nice
you got on this thing
but I think that might be a human leg or
something
see I think the Caesar look tasty lamb
goals and vegetables who wants
vegetables in a fun thing guys
that's supposin oh no if you're out they
which one would you pick which one we go
it green one yikes pasta and carrots
yeah some carrots beef pasta tender
Ravis and heart
gotta be my staffing do you want to
moisture you just want it now you want
it's free it's not going there it's not
going there just on the floor
just let the fun begin okay let's go to
bed Oh God come on guys mean them you
ready you ready oh my goodness forbidden
food that's the forbidden food don't eat
it too fast now
