worse this morning guys
even vulgar fillies funkier this morning
you believe that can you believe that
the big web TPP's their peepees
please mrs. Tucker Honda JCB Honda JCP
on an early morning that hurts me I get
a difference here guys it was like did
you see the fog eNOS outside the house
and now here it's like yeah kal-el after
running it shooting there Nathan we're
gonna walk to the park and we're gonna
meet my mom out in there and it's really
sunny day if you can't tell I'm wearing
short sleeves which is insane for
October in Ireland so I don't know
you'll be able to tell this is insanely
warm for Ireland in October like this is
unheard of only a week ago it was
pouring rain and I was wearing like well
I was sick and I was laying like a woman
you saw some crazy stuff I thought
winter gear the jackets and coats and
today everybody is out in jorts it's
crazy
she probably candies before she sees me
so when he mentioned he'll music that
bloggers just carry cameras name you
like to talk to themselves and yeah it
does look a bit we're gonna put you kind
of get used to it and new stuff I don't
know you just I guess you have to be
kind of confident to do it because
obviously you don't want to look like it
you are gonna look like a lunatic but
Jonathan it's really confident at it and
I just don't I've given up caring like
what people think of me I gave up
carrying bet that a long time ago so I
don't really care so just blog and talk
to myself I'll be wrong way ah come here
she's here I'll be
yeah yeah
so we're back at home and from my mom's
house she just dropped us back and it is
actually like I said it's such a
beautiful day but it's at this point
where you start getting really annoyed
and then I feel guilty for feeling
annoyed because basically this is the
worst ever oh my god
see what I mean this is the worst ever
lightning for making a video and I'm not
talking about just vlogging I'm talking
about making video from my channel the
style diet and I've tried to film a
video you can probably see that it's
like drunk every life because I tried to
film the September favorites video twice
already and every time I film the
lighting just go crazy because I'm
trying to film in like the most Awkward
times and it's just when I have time
which is right now and it's around five
o'clock and the Sun is setting so it's
just really crazy lighting at the moment
so I can't do it I have to wait until
either it's dark or really early in the
morning which I usually don't not trying
to do but at the moment I am
transferring everything that I have that
I carry in my bag which is this one at
the moment into my new bag which looks
like that and I don't know about you
guys like I don't know the girls that
are watching the women that are watching
this probably won't apply to the men but
how do you feel about your handbags and
like what material they're made out at
all now I know I'm probably gonna offend
a lot of vegans and
you know people that are kind of against
leather but I personally I wear leather
I am NOT a vegetarian I'm not vegan but
I wear leather and I love the feel of
leather and I love everything about it
and I just love leather shoes and
leather bags and that just may offend
some people and if it does I'm sorry but
that's just how I am
um and just lately I've been pushing
aside all my bags that I had bought like
mostly when I was teenager or in the
last few years the ones that aren't real
leather because I just don't feel like I
don't like them as much anymore and I
think they look kind of cheap so I have
my Chloe bag which is over there and I
love that one it's just so soft leather
and then I think I have a few other
brand ones but I don't have a black
leather bag I have last other clutches
but this is my first black leather real
leather bag um so yeah I'm kind of
growing out of like this whole patent
phase so I used to be really into teen
but that's paitent but now I just feel
like they look kind of cheap so I don't
know um let me know if you're a girl and
you have any preferences with regards
like your handbags and your purses like
do you like real leather or do you like
fake leather or I don't know just let me
know it's kind of interesting topic um
okay so I'm gonna transfer everything
and then I'm gonna get Dinner started
and for dinner we're gonna have pasta ha
ha ha good cause that's my favorite
thing to eat
um look at our fridge it is so funny I'm
like we're not even big drinkers but why
the hell is there a piece of cheese
randomly there
we're not even big drinkers but Jonathan
likes a beer known then and there was a
special offer on Heinekens beers so
we've got a lot of
here and then yeah that's pretty much
what we've got in our fridge it's not
very interesting so I'm gonna make this
oh yeah by the way this is cool because
Jonathan isn't gonna know until he edits
this video which is gonna be tonight
after we have eaten dinner or possibly
tomorrow
I don't know but today for dinner I am
going to feed him this pasta it's
spinach and ricotta tort Mimi and there
are special offering testicle so I
bought them even though Jonathan refuses
to eat something that doesn't have meat
in it and usually we get the tortellini
that have bacon and like cheese I
thinking in them or bacon and chicken
I'm not really sure but he doesn't know
I told him that this was the regular one
that we get but it's not but this is the
only one that was on special offer and I
got two of them so don't tell him well
you can't anyway so it'll be too late by
the time you do that I'm making that
just we're gonna pretend to him that
it's got meat in it okay you know we're
not and I know he's not even gonna guess
it's not even gonna be able to tell you
can watch this video and you can you can
see whether he finds out or not okay cuz
he probably will film it if he does
figure it out
but if he doesn't we'll just have to see
won't we and you guys can tell them
after the fact but um by then it'll be
too late
oh you know never ends it's grinding up
some cheese don't you mean creating
great adaptogens creating cheese she
uses so bloody great I have the best
wife ever I come home the guys I just
like jealous
oh my god oops kind of got carried away
with the cheese guys I'm gonna be a
so you want to subscribe you might
become a fatso oh it's just the usual
tonight or what
yum-yum no it's the week it's the week
that comes up to it it is it's the week
and I thinks that her birthday week is
from the day of her birthday and in
seven consecutive days after that which
is total hockey poopoo because we all
know that your birthday week is the
Monday of the week that your birthday
commences up ending on the Sunday it is
your birthday week is if your birthday
is on Thursday to 50 for example Yeah
right
then your birthday week starts at
morning
no slice just lies actually lies just
pouring out of your face right now
this camera has a lie detector on it
look lies lies oh there
I will pay give you names in your
birthday week because the night of
November is not your birthday week it is
it's three four five six seven eight
nine and ten
they're already discussing okay that is
a big project coming up and I've got to
work forever every single day every
second of every day for the next like
four or five weeks I dare you
so we're at four or five weeks I'm gonna
be working like a dog right so I'm just
gonna have to step it up in the blog
ADIZ step into the circle of commitment
commit said get to put your tray finger
look like this now say it solemnly swear
to protect the circle of commitment
you're not my birthday wheeze guys would
you explain to her now we have been
waiting two years duty black ops
we'll be going to the midnight opening
and I'm the night player it's gonna be
epic
sorry guys we can really be present we
would like to subscriber society you
decide who goes you decide right so what
is it guys
leave a comment though this is what you
have to leave a comment or based on
Nina's birthday falls what day is the
following on I don't know what day ok
guys by the time you just check it out
ok 30 November is Anna's birthday
ok now on the 9th of November call of
duty black ops comes out in November for
the hardcore ok so turn November is
Nina's birthday
I might permit it to play zombies oh ok
obviously your boat is no ok it's my
first day we your birthday take a
different day your particular vendors it
starts on the 3rd and it ends on the
10th at seven whole days of birthday
Burke we can't do anything else
February is not over soon fantastic it's
your birth year is there not your birth
year every year your money monk ulis you
sorry
oh I was forcing me to go in an
after-dinner walks and I don't become a
fat slob and everybody unsubscribes set
that way too many times in this
suggested one I wanted to eat lots of
sweets on television Halloween I think I
mean they're like and behold everyone's
saying in the comment all right what the
hell is a brass awning and who loves you
getting fruitcakes but I was just
calling them brats in my head yeah get a
fruitcake
yeah freakin food great I just got a
fruitcake all the leaves are brown all
the leaves are brown and the sky is grey
the moon you can see the moon he's like
I found my place now behind time I don't
know this is crazy
we've never walked here before guys but
I've always been curious to what the
hell this is so oh my god
you should try and run over
come on Abbi right where the hell are we
anyone ever finds this footage please
post it onto p o-- box 211 and tell mama
style that we're trying to find our way
home we tried this copyright this can't
be right
this isn't right look we just follow the
moon this one is so freakin easy okay
simple ready it's sudden can you play me
a melody I'm not really sure how it goes
but it is sad and it's sweet and I know
it's complete when I wore a younger
man's clothes you know this story
give me the singer and amend the song
even here if you want because I don't
even know what here that was but it's a
easy one
easy squeazy and don't google it don't
google it even if you like must college
do not look at it
