morning super troopers with jobs today I
a food a oh it's the worst kind of pain
isn't it in the worst kind of pain ever
it is so painful so I shifted my week so
I'm gonna do I'm not working today
but will be tomorrow the next day so I
just shifted a week so I'm back now I'm
like what to do it's Monday because I
intended to shoot open this weekend so I
might actually try and shoot it today I
made a soup baby it's cool that's like a
cup of soup
I like a soup in a car I want the copper
soup I am a cup of soup
we all are cups off so you kind of look
like a little teddy bear
Oh Andy where Andy oh you can all see
these babies it's good time to take it
out the Tesco we do today after Tesco we
go after Tesco we go today come on
grumps
who's that grump he can't be pretty and
grumpy at the same time it's a bad mix
hey guys I was on the Google Street Map
today I saw the street map car thing
drove past and I was standing there so
I'm honest somewhere see if you can find
me I'll give you 1 million euros
Oh everyone will know everyone low it's
all made up no we're going do you know
that salsa Deena is pretty much illegal
at the argue with the pharmacist rules
like I can't even - no no I cannot so I
ended up with something else but it's
the best one but apparently I'm trying
to stop people using it we got invited
to this body shop event in Dublin
tomorrow night but I don't think we're
gonna be able to make it yeah they sent
it to Sam what's the guy said it's in
like video I know this guy like inviting
us to it like but we're not gonna be
able to make it unfortunately we almost
are gonna make it but I don't think yeah
I know but because of today now you know
I don't know we're gonna make it guys
what was it for anyway you know take the
girl from Vic River
I love this one one here for some reason
I'm not really sure what the reason is I
can't quite put my fingers why I like
that one that's not a good no no no no
that would never work no I know it never
work this one this one's good and I'm
supposed to give this face cleaning
thing and I kept telling to fire it from
the school and then she kept forgetting
and
she hasn't got it you guys ever eat
potpourri when you're a kid my mistake
yeah your mama's evenings like thankful
flavored he seems like he's like me I
think always that English hitman film
thing we randomly came across yeah that
was good months I don't know why you
just pick everything there oh my god
it's sitting weird it's like
once that hairband it's very like trendy
you put it over your eyes is it that's
how you wear it
that's kind of cool
that's even cooler better that's how the
kids are doing it I'm gonna need to add
some things though you think accessorize
your face I'm sure Henry look honey's
got a girlfriend oh my god Henry's got a
girlfriend
oh no no no guys I don't even know why I
bother spending all that money on
engagement ring look at this it comes
free with a ring I wonder can we bring
your ring back what three ring inside
you guys get barmbrack who did you give
you a ring to look getting chicken
cooking chicken salad if you guys got
the rocks that number learn to step it
up here I was thinking there's no way
they're gonna get rocks at tasted like
here like everyone else Rory this one
with the look buzz like that is a hit
song um
step it up a little bit guys these are
like the best pepper they're way better
and yeah bell peppers leave the handle
is falling that's really bell peppers or
something I never had any smell when you
actually like fry the sweet peppers you
know you put them in with the chicken in
a good bit airy so kind of them hitting
closes to put a ver up the red pepper
with chicken he's a good man right
you guys ready for it you guys ready for
it the name of the artist that sung the
song you can give me the year and if you
can give me the album although this song
is on a multitude of different albums
okay but it's the tricky one right this
is it this is I used to like instant
love his music I saw this just could be
man could be FEMA could be a band I saw
them live in 1996 he called him Coon
those that have no scars to show ones
that never to let go and risk the tables
be into her but you got to be tough when
consumed by desire convinced it's enough
if you stand outside fire Oh yum Yum's I
remember when I was in primary school
wasn't even primary school no what's the
one before primary school when you're
like a kid oh it's like junior infants a
senior infants are not kindergarten
after kindergarten before primary school
you know those few years I don't know
what the hell you're doing but I am
happy oh and I remember I used to I love
Brad it's not crack it's like fruitcake
let's even get the ring the lens of
readers cut these in half and you look
inside and find the actual ring do you
remember the first time you got a ring
inside of a brac and who did you give it
to you I remember for some reason um
every time I had a right because they
eat so many pranks I would end up with a
lot of rings and every day I went to
school like give one to a different girl
almost like some sort of a or
something I don't know put in I always
remember that in that time before
primary school but after kindergarten
where so it's innocent enough obviously
but I always remember getting the brac
rings do you remember the first person
you gave a brac ring to did they deserve
it do you regret it
have you never got a wrap
do you not have any idea what the hell
I'm talking about when I'm talking about
a Brack ring does your taking like
what's this guy talking about what the
hell is this guy talking about there is
actually another I just remembered me it
is another I think this is an Irish
tradition but his eye
you get like things like mashed potato
and curly kale which is like a cabbage
II type of thing and then inside it
would be like a 50p coins but it was
inside like grease proof paper and you
guys remember that or then you guys
still have any traditions like that
where you put like my hints at your food
that's a sense crazy or do you guys have
any like Halloween traditions like that
like popping for apples or I don't know
we're gonna have to come up with some
stuff to work on I do so I was thinking
what you guys suggest like what's your
ideas you know give me some ideas
because you guys are small over the
world like so what's your tradition you
know in honors I think yeah do popping
for apples and they go to like the trick
or treating or discos parties dress up
whatever but stuff like that like when
you put the money inside the food or a
ring inside of a Brack it's a ring
inside of a Brack worldwide is that a
worldwide tradition I'm pretty sure it's
in America or in England but what about
in like Germany France Italy Spain
Hungary
how come everything I do eventually ends
up to up well what do you know waiting
the first few slices guys like in here
and you guys never seen this before this
is where it looks like see yellow right
now it's not really anything fancy fancy
pants ring or anything but ring all the
same I couldn't I couldn't take it no no
no you keep it you keep it no thank you
they hit him so tradition I must give it
to you but seriously I I go already what
happened I I'm not that into you
what you mean you not take it to be
I gave you my has weaned what way more
