it's like something out of a horror
movie
the trio's guys oh yeah three M's I
think or I'm always coming up with a
song that you guys to name it such a
slave driver I was thinking I should
make that as sort of a permanent thing
and every day vlog I mean kind of fun
you know just just a small little thing
that you can always be guaranteed to be
asked to quest you know what I have to
do is get into routine of doing it and
remember and I think long hard try and
get it I said do easy for you frosty it
is it's a frosty but the mist is kind of
cleared away guys brings tesco to do and
I just left out there
and I thought so bad you know that but I
left him in Jonathan's study again
because you can't hear him barking so
it's the only time he really bites as a
free leave but this will probably be
quite quick anyway
oh boy good boy
just ignore mom hey I'll be you go to my
house
yeah come here good boy you were a good
boy guess that what I'm having for lunch
somebody I think left a comment and said
that I eat too many car and the I too
much pasta but guess what I'm having for
lunch
later oh yeah that's better it's
asparagus in asparagus
ravioli and Harmison and butter very
fine very lucky we already had a walk
good morning but it's a really really
nice day and I hope it stays this way a
little bit see it's really sunny and it
seems quite cold but it's actually not
even that cool it's like I was too warm
in this wool knit cardigan thing that I
happen I'll be it's getting really
confused cuz his oh my keeps picking up
what are they
acorns yeah yeah acorns and nuts and
things like that so he's getting really
confused
all the unit okay okay
Oh
Oh
I'm gonna just throw the stick for Albie
it should be really easy to catch
I'll be in effect gonna fit
so what it'll be
I am so tired I was like I had like five
or six just for last Howard are sitting
in studio
I had like about five or six render
farmy computer things like buzzing away
I had bloody fans like pumping that hot
air it was so hot and I was slammed
against a leg I cannot spare like so I'm
so happy to be out in the fresh air tank
heaven above say that I don't cook I'm
always cooking I'm always in the kitchen
okay so I'm cooking it really does not
require a lot of work at all thank you
okay so this is chicken with black bean
sauce and peppers sweet peppers these
are the ones that we really like they
are sweet Ramiro pointed peppers like
that we really like them
thanks so much nice they're more
expensive of course than the regular
bell peppers if Americans call them but
there's so much nicer so yeah we're
having that black bean sauce which
literally just comes out of a can
alright see I cook I just don't put that
much time and effort into it other
people do so and then you know chicken
whatever that's all
and then um sorry I still have a bit of
a pop then I'm making rice and I had a
conversation with this girl on Facebook
about rice in different ways of cooking
rice because if you're anything like me
and you're lazy about cooking I'm not
lazy all the time which is cracking then
you will not want to cook the regular
rice which is probably what's best for
you you know
the greatness like that you get it's
also the cheapest one of course but I
favor either this is like some weird
brand because I got it in little it was
super cheap um you know boil-in-the-bag
right so it takes like 10 minutes oh
this takes 15 minutes and you just like
put it into boiling water and sit it on
the stove for like 15 minutes and that's
it or you can go and spend an obscene
amount of money and you can buy uncle
Penn's microwave rice which takes two
minutes in the microwave but it's like
really expensive but I used to find out
all the time because I'm just so lazy
when it comes to cooking I just hate it
so this looks good this is my idea of
like really spending time and effort
cooking usually if I like this we're
having something for dinner it generally
it comes either comes out of a packet or
comes out of a jar and the jar for me is
more effort yeah I mean if there were
some people coming over for dinner I
would obviously I would be embarrassed
to serve them something out of a jar
because and I'm not trying to fend
people that do that because there's
nothing wrong with that but you know
like if I was having kind of more of an
event type dinner thing then I would Pro
I would definitely cook from scratch
like I would do everything myself but
when it's just the two of us like what's
the point and I I really don't I don't
enjoy cooking unless it's for a big
party of people because I do like that
kind of thing yeah so that's what I'm
doing and lazy Jonathan is upstairs
he's like contact because Monday's
usually he's super tired after work and
he's asked me to vlog all day long so
sorry if you don't like me it's what you
see like donate then but you're stuck
with me for me and I'm okay okay
my entire existence Mena's the best
house woman ever yeah I know although we
did find a new place today preferably
new by star luxury villa olv we're gonna
have some fun I am so tired but Nina has
taken care of me
he has four common she's going to make
me a copy now come on continue being The
Good Wife
hey I'm The Good Wife oh that good lie
much fun did you not the Moriya grounded
some switch back to my general Canon
because I just noticed that Anna's
camera is dull and I refuse to be on a
dull camera on a dull day so guys I mean
trying to Rack my brains to think of a
song and I was like I can't I could do
want to really obscure like some like
you know some Irish Mary black or summer
night there's no way you guys know where
I was like that's kind of unfair like so
let's think you know it's got everyone
that's kind of relevant all you have
quite a heritage it's got it's got to a
beam like a normal one here is a really
popular song but worldwide I suppose at
one stage in order for you to clients
gonna be fair to be fair to be fair to
be fair so this is what I've come up
with walking like a man hidden like a
hammer she's a juvenile scam never was a
quitter
tasted like a raindrop she's got the
look
