is the first time we bought the new
camera to the old walk new and the old
came by what are the colors like really
in vibrant and nice
come on lazybones surprise them forever
ties far as the forever was never
tomorrow
last night guys another butterfly the
exact same color and everything
butterfly disappeared in middle of
nowhere in the middle of night last
night just kind of flew biased it was
insane
it was a flood warning in court there
yesterday
I think it's pushed all the yeah all the
stuff from the lake up what still amazed
amazed video everyone asks why black can
work easy
I'm the tripod Shores this is not Tour
tastic or i reacting crazy now is that
nicely bloomin a tape sounds a nice sort
of a glow as you can see right something
off see what you're looking to do is you
just see that you're just like taking
the minimal shadows or channel added up
too much because the the lighting behind
is the key light the key light is
actually daylight daylight runs at you
know 54 ohms which is the perfect
presentation
this whole goodness that's all I'm gonna
be doing door doesn't open but I reckon
that double doing here
tripod light so you can't unless it's
here
so that's place to camera it's turned
right let's test it hi guys so today I
wanted to talk about have to pair a
white piece with a t-shirt home you see
this t-shirt guys is this totally
awesome and you guys play call it you
two are the wors Ami's look got a
t-shirt made up with bread instead don't
have one so if a seat guys don't - dumb
white hat in the background you know she
wants to sit in and learn a couple of
techniques about how to be a
professional style is everything like
good different seems like way better
right off to mama style lights we go
Emma needs to use the car for a driving
lesson so unfortunately we have to use
this car as well so unfortunately would
have to go then drop the car but at
least we have a car for a fan time
just hit a little work I'll be kind of
Awesome I'd be kind of totally awesomely
cool oh no boom self Jesus harness t
taking Z often team Wow
what do you think it is huh what are you
thinking about yeah we're here now look
at the pokin you gonna dress up on
Halloween Erica shoulder shrug shoulders
shrubbery can you guys see look at the
layers of choco latte get the layers oh
wow
isn't the most amazing thing you've ever
seen right we look really pretty
because in my eyes you're always pretty
savvy now other tasty coffee minish oh
thank you looking for that they're going
to come with us do you think we should
bring her I am so hungry
we're back now and still have to do the
lonely walk this is like the walk of
shame
because we own a parking spot right
there but yes our tin can is sitting
there consuming our parking space
so I have to walk the walk of shame look
of love oh my god everyone got the crash
test dummies I was actually looking like
I'm like everyone gosh okay guys so I
think we got the culprits the ones that
made the complaint against Albee
as you could see them sat net in their
balcony no factors on their phone with
the cigarette just clarify because a lot
of people were saying in the comments
that like well you know I do like you
guys but they have a point robot there's
no barking dog sorry annoying well
here's the thing
lb isn't a barn key dog like he doesn't
bark incessantly he barks at strangers
they doesn't really know the first time
he parks whenever we need from alone
yeah but hold on hold on that one time
they didn't complain that we've had a
barking dogs today what we never leave
him alone like you guys see we never
agree even alone firework from the hole
is he's always with me
name that we need for lowness maybe for
like half an hour to at most two hours
like for an hour and a half and it's
usually during other people's work hours
when they're not there so maybe some of
the job anyway
so we put them up in my study anyway but
right here now which is a it's all the
way up top of the stairs and it's a
facing no one else so that won't come
complain should I carry this here
chicken quarters Ola do you think guys
Korra's Ola I don't know it is but it
sounds do
Shambala on the hub
to make it
but I gave a freaking sauce that's the
guy from the am it's the regular he
sauce the guy from yeah dragons then
this is perfect for you it's also
difficult sometimes to try and figure
out what you you guys ever have done
probably so difficult sometimes it's
always a difficult sometimes yes I can
say that what about the chicken tikka
yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum
yum yum yum yum yum
if you can name that song oh but that is
scrum deadly um
sheis table number two bout some cutlery
Wow yeah I know I know I know I put in
for a little longer get that crease Bon
Appetit
