not much going on here today guys yeah a
sick I was all upset i'm making some
coffe and an secretary-general from the
UN yes correct this is what he looked
like woke up I watched caprica and you
guys watch caprica doesn't watch my
house I got to get for what like the six
or seven seasons that I was on I know a
lot of bairdi aetiology behind
Battlestar Galactica and the philosophy
of how do people think in the gods COBOL
and and had a structure of their society
is established and then when you watch
am Catholic out which is like the
prequel show two before the Cylon
invasion it's really interesting they
put these little bits in it's like
Harris Cylons were created and how man
because one thing I thought was really
interesting by poss-eye Galactica when I
look when I went into their theology or
put people thought about God and
religion and ascension and ideas and you
know it's just really interesting and
then to show the practicality of how
religion was formed based around the
idea of supposed like the Internet in a
way I don't know it's just I just think
it's really interesting I really enjoy
watching it having a midday morning
growl ah mid morning in the morning
Walla and go cup on teh proper lemon
syrup lemon zip them sip and you guys
actually like we're almost in you guys
actually like LEM sips it's like mmm
smell ova I ghana's cup her little she
was little shoes is in my cup just more
manly what's our manly but it's more
like a coffee thing so like I was saying
today it's gonna be a short one because
we blog this morning a bit and I was
pretty much taken care of Anna for most
of the day poor little
poor little thing and it's now like
midnight or one o'clock or something so
yeah me think oh yeah me want to run a
full warp drive all the way to the top
right I just noticed on you guys our
fridge looks hilarious at the moment but
when you open it up it's like hmm a lot
of bottles of heineken bit of ham bit of
cheese a couple of eggs partners and
cheese strawberry yogurt pickles orange
juice Chris chickens yeah not much just
lots and lots of honey I don't have to
comment there on today's video yes to
this video and they were saying they're
like because those bad I'm going like
him it's like a constant symphony of
music playing in my head and every time
someone says a word I automatically
think of a song but you know was
sticking in my head today which is
totally crazy right it's this song that
there's no way any of you guys are gonna
remember if this goes back years ago
right and it's like once there was this
boy who got into an accident in couldn't
come to school but when you finally made
him they saw mm-hmm remember at saw I
love stop and they only had two albums I
bought both in him I thought they were
so cool and then I just reminding me
actually tried to see if i can find that
music you can stay over Sonny Anna's
every hair type and anyway if you know
that band leave me a comment right and I
want the name of that song which is
pretty obvious because it's exactly what
I just said Drew's words you're about to
do but I'm not putting this is a Boise
good guys like the most deepest voice
ever thank us about 15 when that song
came out with that band that's we're
looking at oh you guys could smell
I'm smiling if you guys could see what
I'm seeing if you like sit here what I'm
hearing a way you guys can see what I'm
seeing and you can hear what I'm hearing
can you smell what The Rock is cooking
I've got just left over a little bit of
cheese but I don't know what to do with
it well I just throw it in the bin I
should probably just throw it in there
been because I don't know what else I
could possibly do with this piece of
cheese what would I do with this piece
of cheese it's not like anybody around
here actually wants this piece of cheese
is it oh hello there you interested in
this piece of cheese the you interest in
this piece of cheese would you be
willing to entertain my audience would
you for this piece of cheese would you
lv lv sit lie down Gill boy hmm it's a
little bit you forgot some you forgot
some not a little bit there good boy boy
we love you we love you forever love you
forever oh and anyone's more now he's
tasted it now he's like okay dad yep I
like what you're making there I think
all i needs to go on my tum tums in my
tum Tom's dad put it in
