I want you to watch keeping up the
Kardashians all day long morning three
laughs God Campbell to make some more
episodes so raining cold I just tried
the car there again and it's still I
don't know if it's flooded now but I
don't have high hopes guys because if
it's not the Sparky's Kobe the
alternator
something about the smell of rain that's
quite nice I think I've already said
that before but it's like it's like the
dampness and then the dampness is gone
and you're left sort of its nice kind of
smell I told you I'd come back didn't I
tell you I'd come back oh no it's done
in 10 guys why have you gotten 10 fight
you got it wipe it on to fight another
day let's go on what are you gonna get
him what you kind of thing why you gotta
say why you gotta say
he was insane or something have you gone
insane or something have you as it
finally happened it's finally happened
he's slightly mad question comment of
the day name a song named the singer
slightly my brother sang a better than
that who sang it what year nice thing
and asked do i do I forget it name the
singer or the band and the name of the
song thinking because poor lil Nina
stick maybe the time it gets time to
turn on heat push the on button or
pushed me answer this one ooh fancy I'm
not entirely sure what of them but i
press this button which is 1030pm trial
and error trial and error i turn the
heating on yeah I talk well you got sick
so I think it's time I need to make sure
your toasty and warm because we all love
you we all love you we want you to get
better we want mommy to get better Albie
and over there sure the windows are
closed because and has a tendency to
open all the windows ain't turning a
heat night I ain't heat in the country
that's for shizzle it all seems
appropriately cold and snug and this is
like a Class B or something I don't know
but what it means is that the water
artois the heat should not escape today
so whatever he gets into the head should
stay in the house it's a little bit of
an impromptu cuddle guys a little bit of
an impromptu cuddle whoa
camera you know at a time oh you know
it's I'm the monster in her ass is a
monster mm-hm do you see I tell you dog
dancer I did you gonna make mom better
Abby you're gonna make mama better kneel
I'm gonna make mama sweater you gonna
make mama sweater did you work in the
sweatshop that's how he wives tales let
me see funny he goes what are you doing
maybe you can slab it everywhere is it
just rubber Harris lover Oh everybody in
the house everybody I line it up oh I
can do it I can do it I can do it oh
yeah Oh spirit be his lesson because
lesson big big big big so what I said
it's me it's like you know way we did a
whole like german thing we could do a
nice cuelga so i think i will write boy
but here's the here's the catch my a
swell guy is nick so good my my Irish
isn't very good ah me Melissa come name
is Zuko screaming
so what here's a little bit of titbit
information my mother's family are all
fluent irish speakers they all speak
irish to each other as Gwen Cooper mr.
but Avan so if my mom next to my mother
is around or she's them she's like I'm
gonna be in a vlog when she's down in
quark aware from Dublin what I'll do is
I get her to talk away and Irish because
she is like her whole family your Neil I
know it actually speak like proper
hardcore Irish cuz their names are even
like I'm gonna tell you I see put their
names like duck nigga know what you mean
is joy meets already told us patchouli
just Jolie sound Irish Jolie is French
surely it means petite like me I'm so
pretty uppity uppity yeah sometimes I
wish she was like a warrior grandfather
on my mother's side was like I'm he used
to do this at he's like a preacher or
something not quite sure but I'm he used
to do this like Irish masses you know
he'd like they climb up the mountains of
crow patrick i think it was like the
kind of speak I a mountain in our tent
where people go as like a retreat on a
retreat I'm not sure the word is but
anyway they're all climb this mountain
on the Sundays for hours you know as
homeage to God and for a Christian
purpose and then he got the top and and
he like we just buy a bond he read out
like scriptures from but it was all in
Irish like you know the whole thing was
Irish he's really proud of like Irish
heritage you know it's probably offer
happy then but yeah so that was all in
Irish you know but I think because my
dad couldn't speak any Irish that you
know I don't think maybe that's why we
just don't speak in air what would be
kind of cool if my mother had forces
more just big arse like the way Anna can
speak Italian and she's pretty good a
German too
english because her dad were always
feature in Italian therefore she could
well she was she lives in Italy as a
child as well she's good an American too
and you guys do it and you guys like em
what's what is the world like I'm not
like jus imagine ality I mean like an
you guys speak like if you think Canada
like you Mike you back to something you
probably speak for you but as well I
know something like that and you guys
and you guys see that oh you got for
mommy I'm switching even your sickness
cool you know Herbie tomato soup mmm
some bagels rebels you just got a call
from the people that manage property
here the the agency and the girls like
hey em I was just wondering and we got a
complete about a dog barking or
something I also going what so somebody
around here it's complained about Albie
and then they have this like you can
either like take out the vocal cords of
the dog or some that or like give the
dog away or something like that so I was
like are you insane much like so I have
to go back you know she's just in a job
and Nikki tell she was like she felt
really really bad about it you know if I
was like on his so ridiculous like it's
someone right here complaining like
anonymous person beside us or I don't
know who was like what somebody did is
that so mean like who can play my dog
and who take the dogs vocal cords at or
who would like give oh yeah sure sure we
just give to Doug way all right bye Abby
well I'm just gonna give you away okay
great we just give him wait and that'll
solve that problem right it is insane I
aw man so huh I guess we're we're moving
again guys but I know you thinking like
oh my god like that's so horrible i'm
laughing you bet i'm laughing better
because i feel like it's so stupid like
the two would complain about that you
know and I'm just already annoyed but
this one you can do you know it's not
like you can get really angry or get
annoyed like cuz it's just so blah blah
blah stupid like you know i'm gonna look
at mallow or something you know like in
a big farm in the middle of nowheres no
one else is around
normal plane oh it is a stupid country
able to accept dogs yeah I like it so
ridiculous like you can't bring them in
the shops you can't bring in here you
can't bring him there you can't bring
them here you can't do this you can't do
that it's like a dog is not a
functioning tool okay we live in an
urban civilization the dog is part of
the family you know I mean we accept
albia's like he's my son in a way like
he is I look at him as my childlike and
people would say oh you're so funny
you're so stupid for thinking I was like
yeah but like we were Munich we're in
Germany or France or Italy or Spain you
know this you know major European cities
belgian restaurant dogs in here dogs are
there like what the hell is the problem
in this silly country with like dogs
like they got rights as well you know
people got a drug up my girlfriend now
the lemsip don't let me sit in there
aren't you yeah we sit here there's no a
little spot to keep an eye on us huh so
the mean people came the knees the
bodies bad mean people that's we're
gonna call up now on the bad mean people
what okay Danny you know she's gonna
upset I was like you know what it'll
probably be for the best it would
probably be for the better I read way
it's gonna work out this oh the low guy
huh I love you ought to friday night
horror hangout on a car park oh yeah
looking for some people to race for pink
slips that's a big deal on friday night
the home dogs do we're home dogs we're
home dogs we're going home to me a home
dog your plan guys we're gonna do right
is we're actually and provided nobody
watches the vlogs
we're going to em we found his
specialist or today you're like gonna
behavioral specialist I know just
curious figured I'd anyway yeah so she
called missed your house and then she
gives you like she spends a few hours
you know with the dog and then she gives
you a plan of action and then she can
come back if you need her to but she
says that usually the problem solved oh
yeah yeah she's like it she's like
Caesar man yeah hope so yeah so she's
gonna see if you can a sore I think it
looks like you get the anxiety yeah
separation anxiety and gets really upset
we started editing online it's like em
this color you put on them and if you
Barnes it like sprays so we're like all
right it sounds a bit weird but sure it
seems really popular so we looked at a
video online on YouTube when this guy
was like okay so he put it on the dogs
and dogs and dogs like crying mmm I was
like on I am not putting that on Alby I
think a lot of it comes down to his eye
yeah I think because of his eye he feels
vulnerable all the time and we baby him
a lot so you know it's probably a
mixture of that you know theatre option
of course like he's scared of an
underdog so I'll be has a friend for a
coping mechanism in a sense but I think
I think will be the wrong decision to
get another dog you know if we ever get
another dog I'd like to get theater dog
because we want to get the yeah
on our hands what try this you know we
might still have to move I don't know
dogs are technically not allowed but
everyone else yeah people like a few
doors down my dogs on a dog in the dog
yesterday so it's kind of like a hush
hush you know but some people are easily
move tears because we met these it's
couple who own two pugs and they used to
live in the place cream yeah this is
what we live in now and they said that
they had their dogs after years no
problem so that's one of the unpleasant
near yeah all right guys we wrap
someone's house you can totally love it
will be so much fun there ya go oh ho
gai it's not a crazy adventure know
where we're going I usually gonna have
to maximus is the color she can be
careful i might go insane go all the way
and pull them in
someone's ba
you keep it back
I
give I
cut good boy
