no I do not have your stinking microfilm
mr. German bad man yes all Germans are
bad
don't shoot speech not too much now
that's a chart it says watching he's
watching me he's watching me is that a
little tail I think it's like with me
from the bottom third in the morning
discussing wedding plans because it
appears we have made another strive
forward and our plan wearing our or
Orthodox wedding right so we're getting
we're gonna rent an entire villa and
down on the coast that our coast of
Italy and put up like most of the
wedding party in the villa so we were
like ready for a week and then
everywhere that's like part are wet
the guy's got me in trouble there yeah
so details watch out in Italy probably
if I don't know and I'm not privy to
that kind of information maybe you guys
actually what it's like snowing or
something guys can you see that seems
 C so check that also this is a V
I think that's I think that's something
for you look at the bow in front I'll be
who's a good boy
there is a good boy whatever you so
lucky cuz I said you couldn't have one
of these oh but you gotta send one
didn't you
you got send one from a nice persons
we're gonna go to arias and I'm gonna
get a cheapo toolbox because the guy in
the motors factor was all like oh we can
give you a like am the proper official
tool it's like 120 euros
is one socket spanner thing so I look at
the spark folks they look like an eight
or a ten so I guess for 30 euros Sal
like 140 piece toolset it's probably a
piece of but you know it'll
actually work and I'll take that spark
plugs hopefully I'm such a DIY guys
we're also gonna try an EM you know that
profile picture we have somewhere in the
channel or it's not my Facebook um
actually you like that so I'm gonna I've
got em a high res 2k version of it so
I'm gonna try and actually print it out
and frame it from the kitchen table yeah
yeah what they're looking at me if
you're vlogging from the kitchen yeah
both and it's always in the background
when it's like this empty frames so you
need to throw that we also need a frame
for someone's certificates yeah oh and
my many degrees the problem is
certificates Awards achievements
acknowledgments I don't even know if I
have enough wall space hey what's this
like in the car does it pick up the sand
a winner
hi there she is now okay we were Amazon
Google Maps day right Google Maps Street
View has only started in Ireland so you
can actually see all the streets at our
end we just kind of cool so I was
looking for a motor factors and I was
like Street View and then I got
distracted and then I started wandering
around and eventually came across like
our car I found our car he could see it
in Google Maps on Google Street thingy
how cool is that I was like oh where am
I actually on it somewhere when it can
you roll them throw them through and you
guys gone to your own house in Street
View and be like there's my car
Maureen's like that although this wasn't
our house because this is like I don't
know Wendy did it but it was quite a
while ago because you could see where
the car wasn't it was like where's my
car there
months ago it's bunny gardening GI tools
manly tools to make a tiger she has a
train case yeah the chain places mines
on weighing scale appropriately extreme
used to have even yeah in the UK but
you're not I just this with my mom we
got the cattle and canister yeah I
didn't seriously before so much easier
they're number 200 I'm a real man
challenge 75 something like jammed up
like that to do let's just peel this a
little bit off here and stick it on me
for two as soon as I fix my manga
ruptured such I shall place the out
stickers surrounding the car and every
window and then everyone will know she's
a good thing she does much the blogs now
to the biggest car park in the world and
the biggest shopping center in the world
biggest city in the world the most
popular most advanced society in the
world I'm gonna try up a frame oh I
wonder is that I like what that wind is
like to check it later in the Edit guys
right now what is that life there's so
many questions I have so many good
excuse me if questions and questions
flat man so they're fanfiction like 15
minutes
oh gosh this wasn't part of the deal
come on get alight well we have to buy
like a million and M viable I love that
sort of 95
I am and actually net sorry am i took
like funds of fake stuff and all the
other girls I photographer that thing so
see that guy I know him
that's my like a Barbie don't the colors
though it's only this makeup it's in the
same thing for the muffins that they had
that day they were like similar yeah
like that and then and then loop it
around yeah see I used to make it more
like yeah like that now it looks weird
cuz you don't know how long right
alright close this one
oh yeah that's nice to see smoke oh
that's nice - they're all nice that
doesn't really much with what you're
wearing are like no stealing yeah but
when I get school done
I feel like this it's very dexterous
Jonathan got pajamas on in Germany and
he or she told me that they were for
outside there were these kind of
material right in Munich I think she
told me that oh no no everyone wears
that kind of stuff outside so I actually
ended up wearing it on the tram one
night and I was thinking like wait a
minute I think I'm in my pajamas
see the nice sweats I'd wear too much I
don't like I don't like a type of piping
close like I don't like this so jeans
note I might wear jeans
okay guys like at least I ripped to
pieces I don't even know how to even put
that on what please be nice and make
great thing I like but I have one pair
of jeans order need two for doing some
people of two pairs of jeans I have one
question for you style diet
extraordinaire wash the hell is that
it's like I don't even know what is it
it's like the weirdest thing I've ever
seen it's like a muppet life's a weird
in here it's all done yellowy
once I survived that looks like a week
for me Albie's taking like that
you just happen to have a new Thursday
tradition called
and Iran gets Oreo shake erupted
contender Abram Eddie's psychos
I'm Kentucky Fried chicken's at the top
there we went with Eddie's for their
beautiful beautiful fries now what else
we got here guys
this is so good so easy in fact
you got that friend day
so you can put it in a frame isn't that
pretty
and that ready
if I could come now it's the frame back
and I put the picture in the frame the
family is the family family family any
guys notice that the words home then you
guys noticed that today's video or
yesterday's video is called sequence 103
you took it directly from words render
output name it was sequence 1 - 0 3 but
I've changed name to new shiny camera so
I made it all so there's no annotations
there's no nothing's nothing was set up
so I have to rush home set it up and I
must go back now and set it up even more
but I don't wanna like sequence 103 it
started playing itself that's a patient
guys that all the rushing around I
forgot to show you some new additions
for the a subscriber wall you guys want
to say hello to Eva 2 4 1 3 yeah right
this time because I got Harry Potter
fans name wrong but then I realized that
she pointed out that I could have just
call her that placed on her knee which
was at the end of the car but I think
the complicated subscriber route now
know I've got something you can be
Tommy's that's growing it's growing
nicely folks
soon it will take over the world
what
why get into that what's on the parking
part so the parking all right guys so
I've got the spark plugs in front means
the current sounds a little sounds a
little dead I think the battery might
have from all the triangle started last
time but let me give this a go let's see
if we can get the car started so first
thing I think is take this off so I'm
just taking all yes I mean like these
are probably like the spark plugs so I
think me it's like slowly sort of take
this thing up see what happens okay so
we're taking out the spark we take it
out the first time I look okay is insane
you can see pops a little quirk thing
out you know you can see the sparks we
just take that one out and look at the
blackness of that thing is burnt it is
burnt to a crisp so let's help them
solve the problem but look at my hands
okay I'm a creative person I'm not meant
for this kind of work
oh look the family have come finally
sexy no that's the same look at the
different up furnace oh well it works I
put on the mantra yeah but you have to
turn off the video put like a real man
with your dirty hands I don't think I'll
be like so soon I feel like I support
like a calendar of half-naked girls or
something yeah you know I like a really
dirty cup of coffee I'll be like looking
all suspicious at the guy in the car for
some reason whenever we're within our
complex algae always has to bark at
people yes yeah he doesn't like meeting
people which is pretty much there's a
lot of people that live in this complex
besides us so weddings gonna be fun
yeah he just healed bark at somebody at
here but when he's on his walk east
he doesn't bark at people you know he
didn't owns yeah he doesn't own the walk
so he's he's not very bright he's
actually very clever he knows a lot of
words javi and I are running in a new
friend park I side our house
you're gonna run and there are lots of
bunny holes
where's the pointy little beets
there's one over here see some kind of
creatures live down there good boy good
boy we've changed the battery
essentially so in my get a pair of jump
leads it off he's chasing all the auto
bleep I'm going to cause mayhem
that's all MBLAQ he has black hands I
always heard jump leads were something
fun when I was younger I remember I
think maybe my dad's car broke down or
something and we needed to use jump
leads for some reason and everybody was
like but oh my god
I think I might flooded the engine with
all the starting and stopping and stuff
so we're gonna do is we're gonna leave
it for the night and we're gonna check
it out tomorrow morning so Nina here
it's gonna drive us over there I hope no
one comes
now do you have the proper owl stickers
on the car reverse it now I care for our
cars slowly reverse it slowly reverse it
that's the spirit they have to move the
handbrake son copy an issue quite sure
absolutely does it
it's are feeding the wheel feed the
wheel turn the wheel turn the wheel come
on figure out that way
crackling now I'm afraid don't be afraid
okay go back go back
alright yeah reverse
oh go go come on come on come on
he's waiting for you yes keep a turn to
keep it turned yeah yeah yeah and up
there you know we're going yeah probably
 and driver on drivers along that's
good there's like there's too much sighs
yeah I know that was good now you know
what you got to do yeah you gotta swing
it in here and swing it swing it put it
in the clutch so you don't kill us now
let the clutch slightly okay oh now
identity you've done it this way it
means you're gonna have to reverse okay
well find it close there okay now it's
trying to seal it in with Enid
and sex I'm moving forward you did it
you got it there oh cool you like turn
the car off itself that's a good trick
you might want to put it in neutral
though oh yeah where to put the hammer I
got
