yesterday I decided just to park in the
middle of the entire car part of the
game because this usual spot I decided
to spark here why not sure I'm gonna
park a mile away everyone can know and
then I guess Wednesday I just make up if
you remember she was the German girl
that was here the last two days with her
boyfriend
do you Hana her fiance um I did her
makeup so that's on the style diet
channel if you want to check that it and
now we're having spaetzle the meal that
they cooked last night there's lots left
over so it's really yummy and I don't
know it's Jonathan kind of showed you
properly but this is what it looks like
kind of like macaroni and cheese and
they made it themselves they actually
hand me the little noodles so yeah it's
really good so we're having it for lunch
and I hate this camera so much guys I
got up extra early get into you need to
get my stuff done that I needed to do
today and get the hell out of there so
I'd have enough time to go and buy the
other camera okay but check this out
while I'm sitting in traffic here all
the way all the way
it's not a double rainbow go so you know
the craze on YouTube that double rainbow
at the moment anyway I didn't vlog this
morning in the car and I'm trying
there's a bug in the car because I hate
the sound in this car you probably can't
even hear me right now because this
camera so stupendously stupid what how'd
it go last night on the little camera
which is called a micro it's like some
canons smallest ever HD camera cuz I
like I get a flipping off I was like man
the last time they improved on the flip
sensor we just got a quarter a CCD
sensor was like ages ago you know I
think it's like February or something
out where's Kevin I've been working on
the CMOS sensor which is like a half
sensor we've got a 28 mm wide-angle lens
you know it's 720p I don't need 1080p
ACH like so many well off for me so I'll
show you guys if I actually make it to
the store right now I'm fighting misto
which is just slowing down my my
progress but if I can make it to the
store in the next 40 minutes with my
purchase can get it and get out of there
I'll show you guys later on because what
I'll do is I will probably pick it or
upsell on there and we'll cut to from
this pulley to the new stuff and we see
you guys think but it's got to be a good
purchase it's gotta be good for some
fingers for a good purchase also cross
your second course across other fingers
for traffic disappear so I can actually
get the purchase okay just wait oh I
made it guys I made it before closing
time so we have gots the nouveau agony
before your turn are you thinking like
but the quality appears to be the exact
same that's because it is the same
obviously here it is here mmm now you
may have spotted that that was a hundred
exes exes 170 exes 130 which is the one
I was thinking about getting but first
off didn't have any because they didn't
sell any or for some reason I don't know
what it is okay so there's no lights on
in here right now right and I'm gonna
change the car to deter camera just to
the lights have now been activated but
this is it right I'm about to change
around okay let's see if it's better are
you ready for upgrading for upgrading
each side Erica yeah okay I'm not
changing it cuz that's a little bit I'm
kind of afraid to change it now are you
ready guys here we go
check this out is it really wide this is
what actually fancy-pantsy we're gonna
microphone is let's be careful of skirt
look whatever I'll be I'll be in a new
camera like there it is guys cuz I could
never show yet cuz I always have to use
that like age do you do turn see this
thing oh look that's what I'll be there
like
never actually got to see because I
always video it what can you see it the
big smack that's we did anyway guys see
this thing don't ever buy it
total piece of crap get one of these
cannons oh yeah oh yeah but I know
things that I I won't be able to hold it
because I'll get sick and tired
she wants me to all like a flip although
yep she's longer like that that's kind
of like a flip but actually I saw the
flips today that absolutely massive it's
ridiculous anyway battery's dead gotta
charge it check out the new camera in
Tesco so like in the Tesco environment
it's a look good
so look does it look colorful and it's
got her shoe off again in Tesco yeah
just of taking your shoes off in Tesco
every time we come faster you take your
shoe off what's over that things living
them over to somewhere so guys sometimes
it's creatures sneaked into your boots
so you must be careful when in Tesco hey
guys look oh my god I think I've spotted
a UFO I don't think the focus it's not
actually this world cream cake for
Nathan for Jaffa king cakes
oh yes this is an aside and then this is
my side crispy vegetable crackers
whatever Oh YUM
oh I love styrofoam cakes aren't
actually you know what
I think he's no better up here you
wouldn't want me in that chocolate now
no well like there for a second like
really bright how do you see his
breakfast things I'm always fine but no
you don't have anything they don't have
any breakfast things better
you're such a close dealer I'm seeing
your socks no it's like a buy one get
one free in the mint ones funny I always
put dark chocolate elementals together
see Terry's is always like the best one
what is popping candy volcanic popping
candy I think I'll just get the classic
one
wonder then what do you wanna get number
the whole conversation we had about the
singles oh you fucker their secret funds
is that you can have secret funds what
do you think guys
jumbo spicy chili can look really get
down I'm not really a peanut person what
do you think of course you got your pops
pops in the popcorn what about me guys
what do you think spicy jumbo just 25p
off even though pee pee isn't even our
currency I can see you in my new
wide-angle lens and think you get know
eighter what do you think should I get
them do something different you know I'm
gonna get them vests
oh my god it's dark outside guys you
wouldn't even know would you
Hey
he's waiting for his owners
and I was making friends wherever she
goes she's a friend maker
different than Alby he ignored
yeah question 5 is it in there look how
bright it is
check out my Image Stabilizer
oh it's stable I haven't actually seen
the footage so we don't know it's
actually any good but I think it's
pretty good I'm also I think I'm able to
turn off the screen at the back that's
something it really annoys me because
whenever people come along they see this
big bright screen I kind of annoyance me
yes everyone knows you have a key one
key no I got that key and a key for sale
more caucus multiples
that's the verdict under new camera guys
he gets like totally awesome so far I
haven't actually seen any footage out of
it but I think it's a lot better puts
it's a 23-inch puts the f-stop on it
it's really really low which is good
high as bad but it was good I think it's
like a 2.8 so that's part of why it's so
bright in dark conditions and then in
light conditions it's probably like
super totally awesome so I'm probably
super totally awesomely in focus right
now I pretty different because you guys
see my like criticize I'm gonna put a
subscriber all now like it looks so
different I like you probably white
balance in the room I do it well in
there that's the light hole goes all
black oh look at I guy now once it's
fully invoke astride that won't go and
focus there unless I turn the macro on
and turn the macro on huh huh
be put in focus you get that mic Erlich
that focus comes into focus
oh yeah that's pretty darn sweet eh and
totally forgot the really really really
really big news an important miss
Caprica gets back yes it is you know
what tonight we are watching the event
sci-fi mystery
followed by Stargate Universe sci-fi
mystery drama followed by Caprica trial
America Tara's orange orange it's not
there is orange hey there are we still
yellow you're pretty good whoa like
didn't mean to blind anyone there
let's go back and have a look ah that's
better that looks a lot tastier don't
you think yes it looks off the yellow
moments ago which didn't really look as
tasty as one would think
I'll be wait a minute cuz this is so
wide I'm wearing no pass do I have to
start wearing pants now in the vlogs
well that's just not gonna work guys oh
you're even exit I'll be with your
little tail doin I can advance him you
look even extra cute
you don't even execute in the vloggity
oh you're extra cute luckily today
mm-hmm I love you so much I'll be
looking your room because thanks like
mushroom and some sort of a chicken in
wine sauce and a little bit of potato a
little bit uh potato
