another small problem we're having to
park the car over miles over here
because we only have one parking space
and that car's not working that's why
we're using this car just the fill in in
case you missed a couple of day is this
oh no no no so you know there's like
four kind of wetters sunny rainy cloudy
like cold hot whatever today is that
game Sonny tau D chord rainy hut breezy
windy everything day it's and everything
gay guys oh I fear I will get wetter
done yes yes I said we're done because
when did the dawn can be used if you're
about to get rained on you can use do it
wet it on it's like it's like a noun but
it's more like a verb it's like a verb
noun the noun it's doing word where
you're going to get soaked
so yeah you gotta have this my whole
parking space it was a lot closer to the
door and the house and all that house
I like the time friendly Beasley me but
that's his parking place so I can't
really take that I can wait and hope
that the rains gonna go away but I'm
thinking that maybe the rain is not
gonna stop because well this is Ireland
I think the rain may stop in March maybe
March but look it's a pretty sky where
is the rain coming from where is it
coming from
is it the king I don't know I don't know
well I thought that it was like
condensation and evaporation and the
clouds and sit in the metamorphic rocks
or something I don't know what
I'm I just see rain look it's kind of
easing off I'm gonna run for it as per
usual
gentlemen Nina didn't know logging today
and she has no excuse either no put out
your hand the punishment for not
vlogging is one feeding to the head you
just go you get one slap and a head with
the hammer oh thanks a lot for everyone
I actually went over to the station's
Channel and I she said something that's
totally awesome like cuz I looked over
and it was like tons of people and said
like oh my god with over 50 P and check
out of 50 B so that's like that's really
cool guys's I don't haven't you guys
notice or follow me on Twitter every
video links below
we watched The Apprentice Ireland Irish
apprentice on Monday it's right
Wednesday's do UK apprentices starting
so are we watching dependents on
Wednesdays and then on Thursdays in the
US the u.s. apprentice on so we end up
watching that on Friday so Monday
Wednesday and Friday we're watching
three different continents of tree
different versions of The Apprentice
which can be fairly confusing because in
last night's apprentice and I think like
some guys some kind of beard or
something was like or lastly Jimmy O
Hara got fired from the Irish one and I
was like who but where's the girl that
was fighting oh snap plus the Irish
dependencies here guys I don't know
maybe you guys are watching it
it's just no characters you know it's
just will you like team and boring and
everyone's like I care about my
professional cuts and it's like snore
come on it's not why we watch TV that's
why you should turn that crap off and
turn on listen Chloe Joey what do you
want no my baby my baby no baby back
baby back baby back ribs
guys we first met right kick out today
very very foreign Spartan myself and
Nina's what I should give have to beat
the engine River why's the camera will
shut down right
we're first together okay I don't know
without to be kissed and also where we
need your like how do jonathan force me
to kiss yes where doesn't make me close
my eyes bank because this babe I'd
him off on a daily basis I'm like stop
it girls calm yourself down there's
enough for jobless for everyone I mean
there's no joke that's for everyone so
we work together into the water alright
and I had packet kakaako's up in my is
like first-year college so I had this
like really small room I had this really
small room and I stayed in that room
yeah so I came over and we're messing
and I went downstairs pretended to leave
close the door the movies right into
syndrome he's behind the curtains as you
want to go yeah you close the front door
you open and close to the lake as if you
luck I waited I waited so after a while
I realized she didn't love me
I taught the test the test was over she
failed they look best guys I mean
there's I find she has them on the truck
floor capture and manage if I read all
of the kick pad Center is just wrappers
everywhere the badge is like on my
computer probably checking email
loving me
everything in loggin herself by again
that's what I knew guys what does he
make with what is it
what's in it's noodles cheese and pasta
I like rocket I just don't like that
it's different
that's how do we I don't know I don't
know it's taken earlier he likes
Halloween no well that was a success I
guess everyone at it
you have to respond to your comments
people were suggesting this is an Irish
tradition you have to
things but then you get to eat them
afterwards it's like a reward like what
yes please
you know what it that was for the camera
that was not real
