this would normally be the point where I
walk over to my car and get in but this
morning because we only have one parking
space I have to find a place to park and
here we are now it's a little bit it's a
little bit different I don't even know
if yeah how many keys I have to pay or
anything me now I don't even know if the
heating 101 the door opens but last we
knew the door wasn't open good fire up
now with my mini keys all right Oh
blades any one of them
it's different I'll give it back ma'am
oh no radio Radio Lloyd hey my girl gee
they may call me if you remember name
and I fill them top swing low Sweet
Chariot coming for to carry me home
swing
I don't ever be alone ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba
right we're on the way home guys I
forgot my monies I forgot my lunch ease
I am NOT eating since I had breakfast
this morning
correction I had a horrible horrible cup
of I don't even I don't even want to
call it coffee because I don't think it
deserves even have the class anyway copy
what the hell are these dudes up to
kind of scary okay those guys are kind
of scary-looking I turn something to
defections week I'm sure it is Joe
Nathan ask him
Albie will you bite him I might move
over I'll be hey guys so my German is
always my friends here from German
impression wow you guys are almost good
as me but a bit of progress in a tub is
maybe faster
come out
it's beyond me it's come within basic
it's my home and all my subscribers
gonna be in on this joke but all that's
in here is horrible people please help
us send 1 million Deutschmarks your mom
knows Anna's mom isn't it
there weren't skills together yeah and
isn't it and you I'm very married her
name is Annika yeah my name is Anna his
name is Johanna and your name is
Jonathan yeah yeah yeah it's bleedin mr.
green apple pie if I stop I animate the
cream Donna Lum yums
yes that's a leaf
what
what's that minute favorite flavor time
guys all right cover you guys have
already done this and it's totally
awesome because so far I've got like 15
people have suggested my channel but
here we go right check this out right
the station is watching you tell tell
him he is a lovely beard and he should I
only kid that though you have a lovely
beard but how I never touch nothing to
do with anything
he's a bit like a mother check out
channel of the station - I'll leave em
and a link somewhere here click on it
leave a comment tell them to check out
of TV cuz they did this new thing where
they're like cuz the station is like the
biggest channel in YouTube pretty much
and they're like try to promote us
little guys cuts working-class youtubers
so so guys leave a comment tell me out
only if you want to you know I mean you
don't have to if you don't want it but
you could tell them that I'm totally
awesomely cool and I totally deserve
this shot out so go ahead and do that
everyone I'll leave a link here please
thank you I'll be your best friend if
you don't do it I'll probably stop
making videos and I'll never talk to you
ever again ok no a lot
no he will do it for Albie if anyone do
it for Albie do it for the little guy
because it's always the little guy hard
anyways we're gonna watch Dexter
Disko when all else fails Tesco never
fails that should be like their slow go
slow go it's like a logo and a slogan of
a slow go um Kipling Kipling a day keeps
the bad man away now Oh kids what oh
yeah let's see yeah mousie bread well I
don't know what read it why we use
squishy didn't listen the sandwich
doesn't run yeah or just dangle some
cheese or you make a cheese sandwich
damasco
probably eat it you're such you're such
a waffle er oh he get hits him on that
back you could take someone's blog out
with that thing had to point this out
guys okay there was there was there was
uproar in the community about the eggs
okay Ireland it's quite a cold country
we don't need to put our eggs in the
refrigerated section I don't really buy
a Harley crazy
but people are naturally put in there
for HIV shouldn't ketchup always be
catch on the fridge it's very
complicated
ask Anna to give me her key as they come
up to the door
you know she handed me guys this do you
see this do you see this ting what the
hell is that like there's one key on
this you got Dorothy toto some sort of
ball and chain and then this is a dog
thing
