guys how many you guys if we got married
Oregon tree getting a wedding because it
brings up the craziest craziest feelings
like you just think like oh my god like
what a mess your family actually is and
it toasts it's so stupid it's the little
things that really really upset you I
don't know if you can tell they might be
upset but I am but I don't wanna bore I
don't want to bring the whole daily
vlogging down a bit with a real sad
story but needless to say my family
might be slightly dysfunctional slightly
you know I only have relationship pretty
much with my brother and this just I
don't know it's like once you guys know
that Anna lost her dad there two years
ago and I feel that like I kind of lost
my dad but it didn't like you know and
it's just stupid cuz it's so petty and
it's so stupid but when it comes down to
your wedding you just feel really upset
because you're like you always taught
that you know your whole family was
gonna be there and then you know stupid
little things stupid things that are
like so minut that you feel like why do
I have to be the parent to their parents
you know I can't away I'm like I feel
that I have to be the grown made sure a
person and deal with the other person
whereas like I don't want that you know
we just you just want to be a little
child and you want your parents are like
understand that you might feel a certain
way and for them to grow up and you know
and not even like I don't know I'm just
I'm just really hurt I'm really upset
that I actually have feel this way
coming towards what are probably like
the biggest event in your life which is
your marriage and you know you want you
want it to be like you want to really
really be what you always dreamed of an
eye on you regard your weddings but I
kind of did like you know I always
wanted I always wanted my mom my dad and
my brothers and sisters and aunts and
uncles and stuff we'd all be there and
then
wife and you know and everyone would
happen and we'd all be happy and you
know and then your friends hot stuff and
then guard like and a tough all the time
and primary skills I said in last video
a few videos ago and then I went second
your school and all my friends we have
for six or seven years and then don't
know what the hell happened there but
they're high in my life and then you
make all these other friends in your
life and they're not in my life and you
know you just keep having this many end
up with like nothing no friends ran when
I was just really hard you know but you
know I got Hannah and that's my best
friend I'm happy with her anything
that's the same with family and stuff
but then people are like I don't know
I'm just I'm just free upset and just
saying lots of stuff and I'm so happy
I'll be in my life because I'd be alone
if I wasn't for Albie he's my best
friend but I don't know I don't want to
if I don't want to deck me down the blog
you know but I was just really upset and
I'm you know sitting here and I almost
cried a little bit I'll be like my tears
away you know what I sit near to Hannah
she was like oh my god I was like you
know what I feel like I wanted to share
this you know and I'm just just you know
like people people are human too you
know people have feelings too and people
get sad and I got sad and you know I
hope I hope no one else is feeling the
same way but if you are like just known
it you're not probably the only person
that feels this way okay so I think we
should start doing something fun yay had
a walk always good for a head clearin
there is you guys ever play conquers in
school where you got a conquer and you
put it in like dip it in a varnish and
you put a string to it and I need I
don't know people many of you smashed
their conquer you want and then your
conquer was was it there was a name for
it if it was a winner it was like a 40
by or ten by or to buyer something the
bigger and the better you lasted and you
were like I don't know I can't remember
but I remember in in school like -
Ontario College as a kid oh we say like
you go into Phoenix Park and you try and
find like like the biggest juiciest
chestnut you could conquer and then you
drill a hole in it but you try and drill
a hole so you wouldn't actually like
disturb the outer shell and we can
somebody's trying to like paint marbles
and stuff and stones cheaters godsdamn
cheaters oh you're a cheater are you
each year whoa
classified he doesn't like that so much
I think if you get on that I could fit
on the back hold on have you lifted off
the front part it would work fine
abandoned the tax and insurance alone on
that thing will probably be too much all
right Abby just Park it off the main
road people do you're gonna squish that
it's almost gonna probably tell us how
don't touch it oh no no no
uh I'll be on mushrooms
I'll be on drugs hey copy I don't think
they're that kind of motion but you just
never know
best not to eat the mushrooms who's that
he's what is that pretty girl oh this
what just went for a lung always looking
at me like mom I think you should stop
who is she you're the VP out who is she
a VP I'll hurry she invisible behind the
eye shut oh yeah no it's not that's her
mom it's Sam excuse me how we can so
what is it they won't play football you
know she doesn't you idiot the state of
Washington you look like you guys think
I'm so mean to me all the time guys you
need to set up
Riaan set up some pro Joe Joe Joe that
cop to cop if you're ever in that sticky
situation and you don't have to get out
of it don't fret call pro Joe calm
brother the cop turn you should apply
putting a comma like she helped you in a
situation Bulger
not guarantee success but Rotom cannot
guarantee failure palooka will not
actually be held liable for any
situation pause not ruin don't now
you've ruined you
and there's gotta make among guys but I
turn the blackity around Oh what is it
your loser watching your own videos I'm
checking if the new ones up oh yeah okay
no it's 20 minutes away because we have
the worst internet providers on the
planet okay
I'd actually move country because for
better internet connectivity we should
do that we should make country where we
go pick up Suntree guys leave me a
suggestion what country should we go to
next well probably not gonna go for
another year dokas smelly face over
there wants to get married because she
knows she's on to a good thing guys she
knows that mm-hmm and she's not like I
got I got it
she's got to put a ring on it she's
gotta put a ring on it what's the song
up if you want to love it like it put a
ring on it if you like it and you love
it
who's gonna mind the house show the
subscribers how to mind the house in the
house gonna mind the house now I'll be
what do you think you can win the house
you gonna mind the house you gonna win
the house you're gonna win the house for
mom gonna mind the house for mom get in
mind the house
are you gonna mind the house for dad you
gonna mind the house for Dad huh
are you your house Abby again
Robbie Robbie stop that I know he does
stop that you ever mind a house
you gotta might ask are you gonna mind
the house Albie Albie you stop that
you stop that Abby you're gonna mind the
house I'll be hey hey Obie were you
acting like that you kind of scary huh
you gonna mind the house are you I'm
gonna mind the house you're gonna mind
the house you didn't win the house was
just watching this couple right and we
were like messing in road like and it's
like boring steam we're like walking
harder we came up with the Bornstein
hands right this is how you hold their
hands if you're a buoyancy you don't
actually connect you see that and if you
say well makes this like chasing things
you know man
have you actually like grabbed puns
you're probably gonna go to hell okay
you're a good Christian you will
actually make that extra connection okay
this like this and and rubbing and
wrapping is important because it rubs
the devil away look guys it's a rainbow
 it's a rainy mom
sunny little quarter amber it's done
it's a rainbow funniest thing happened
guys huh when we were in the Tesco today
right we actually brought all the stuff
up today caching right went to the
self-service team checked all the stuff
off there was a problem when an item so
that man had to come over and lock in
and do Heartland stuff right and then
after all of that I like to put my hand
in my pocket and I realized I actually
forgot to bring the card so who we got
actually no money to pay it simple we
had that he was like well God will come
back and we have to run all the way back
here get the cards and go all in my
pesto has that ever happened to you
sanity of it all like give me a comment
if that has ever happened to you -
Saturday night guys
what are you doing on your Saturday
night on words and said what did you do
in your Saturday night because I'm going
to shoot some zombies I haven't played
in like two weeks
I'll say that Red Dead thing offline but
Ambrose playing the avatar thing and we
just kind of like didn't hear anything
but because the new ones coming up soon
we've got to get to math we got some
quality time in with that this would be
the last while playing this I start
talking just advice that are talking
hello a little munchkin huh what you up
dolls I'll be what do you uh what you up
there hmm can you explain yourself
No
you
