oh crap
so you guys might have seen yesterday's
blog um see this is a bit of an issue
here your wife buddy please subscribe
new video every day that goes on for 10
seconds and then this happens all the
way here from 12 all the way to 15 hmm
hi guys so that's kind of sucky crap but
I'm like when I just put it up or would
like butter because if I have to process
that again it happens sometimes because
you gotta put your AV points in and
points out sometimes I'm rushing
sometimes I just don't have time
maneuver the things around but if I I
might just see if I can actually edit
that out again really quickly if it if
it if it predicts any such long period
of time thou shalt not pass as one
should say on a full gauge night
luncheon sale oh hey oh oh oh wise other
information and I've got all like the
software and stuff this is this is what
I'm using here guys this is M this is an
M bucks Pro Tools Digidesign M bucks
none of you guys ever seen one of these
before it's got a little igloo I bought
this of Rupert he was mine when I was in
college in court he was like the head of
like the music and stuff and he
suggested buying this particular device
so I said what about you a good man and
I shall trust your instincts an opinion
so I bought me digi box I want to use it
like on certain effects and stuff
because I'm not like a music key person
you know well I quite enjoy music but
I'm not like a special music man person
you know so what this allows you put an
XLR inputs like mic inputs and stuff it
out but that's not even what I'm gonna
do because I'm just gonna record the
vlog with the vlogedy and then I'm gonna
just start edit it up and I'm gonna use
like auto tuners
and I'm gonna use some life mixing stuff
just to make it more fun and he's an
Oprah like oh like yeah but it makes it
more fun it's like and I might put em I
might put some that said tracks like you
know hey honey you know because I was
like I could do it two more like that I
might do that kind of thing as well but
I'm trying to make it as fun and is you
know kind of a fun that's possible
rather than trying to do it like a
parodic or something you know it's just
like I know I can't do that crap like
and I never said I was a good singer I
always said that I like to entertain
would like to be a detective know you
wonder will see them cuz I don't know
and I thought no what accent is things
this is the action that I've just put on
it's kind of like a Christopher walking
with what's up for walking in I kind of
I don't know what I don't really know
what kind of you know what oh it's not
taking that long at all
it's not taking that long to clip the
end and then coat it so it's bet seven
minutes I can do seven minutes so I'm
gonna let that run out so you guys will
not get to see the special ending of the
of yesterday's vlog because you just
watch as in luck you had no idea what it
actually happened on yesterday's bug
what are you doing what is this what is
this I mean what are ya doin what you
know what helps oh you said bad are you
looking for worried nothing to sniff
guys not a sniff he gets on the snip and
he's like focus I like his focus you
know what left4dead DLCs them the way
these guys first of October do you know
her that is one month and five days to
the release of not cheese argh
well actually hold the phone because
it's the release of call of duty black
ops but I don't care for call of duty
black ops I don't care for the missions
I don't care for the multiplayer I don't
care for any of that I want to get the
game I'm a little remote-control car of
course I like toys and I'm gonna go home
and I want to get on my bra would it be
like a gag funny story I managed to get
the last of the em pre-ordered like and
what's it called the special pack we get
the little car and it's like I don't
know I don't know it's ridiculous the
same as last year when I got the headset
and stuff you know and I got the lasso
but her brothers are like jobs cuz last
year I got there that night vision
goggles me didn't it so he was like oh
my god I totally want to get that you
know so like he gives them
anti-government like sort of County
Dublin area you know and he said he was
like he ended up going to answer like
Monohan or somewhere crazy like that if
you're not from Ireland just makes no
reference to you but he went like like a
couple of like states like counties over
to try and get one so it like 6 o'clock
3 1 he's gonna head out there now I
think that where I've pre-ordered mine
is where I got my head set last year
they're gonna do a midnight opening so
I'm gonna be going down there at
midnight you guys are coming with oh
yeah
midnight opening we are going to court
and we are gonna pick that up guys how's
that gonna work though what am I going
to do blog oh if it's a midnight opening
does that mean that because it goes
beyond midnight is that when does the
vlog but I'll know I suppose it's that
day and then the next day oh yeah yeah
so something takes then next morning
I'll upload it but it'll be pretty darn
exciting pretty darn exciting eyes as I
was saying no interesting gameplay
strands of zombies they have a fish nice
day there's going to be a new who's on
videos for meat there's ooh are we doing
here
47% 47% oh they put my foot in it but
guys
it's just so damn cute they're just so
darn cute just so damn cute he's just so
darn
it's just occurred to me guys I'm
wearing all black today and that
happened bit of a bit of a black day bit
of a black day it's slimming
it's a slimming nay look at him he hates
it
he hates it but we're being forced to go
to the Halloween store is there cheering
here tell them what happened at the Sun
and the video making you got to tell the
peeps what happened no no are you
running away from you bring your bag
why'd you leave it inside
why am I supposed to like this
just cuz I'm just joy said I wish your
slave does not mean I ever hate this
jacket for that reason why can't they
just make a normal is it because you
want to be in the army
she's in the army now he's in the Army
now
now get your own bags smiley face no see
Yoshi kick the tushie see the face oh
come on babe I get your back I'm making
a stance guys turn
good job back your mommy's bag you're
gonna get mommy's bag lazy bums
lazybone mom it looks stupid and that's
why you do not walk backwards folks no
it's the weight of the world and your
core Paddington oh you just ran
underneath me this is all excited an
apple a day thank you they
their ball all right we're gonna
Halloween start mind the place won't be
long okay we love you guys the hell dude
website get into the car everyday and
just like rev I break away there's a
spider in this car and he is like having
a time of his life building webs anyway
guy Paulo Sullivan from choices building
or OB or I don't know
anyway he knocked in the door this
morning he's like all can you move the
car because we need to access to Dre and
I was like yeah no because everyone has
like their own parking spots and our
parking spot is this number here so the
drain thing must be nearby you know so I
did it and then I don't know but I just
came back to the car now and he left a
little card saying my thanks a lot for
moving and helping me out and I was like
well that's just that's really nice you
know that's like old school nice I'm
impressed by that you're in the
flowerbed just you know saying it says
to me like you you know you can't stick
your key
Carla
Sparky's here I think that as far as
Aneesa spoke Rose gets come and tell me
tomorrow yeah it's like good yeah
should ever have the car back up there
so we should help you push it yeah I'm
gonna push the car back up when I see if
I can jump it okay on second gear I got
to get it going and then we're not gonna
drive it anywhere
mmm because I want to know that I can
turn it off and turn it back on again
because the starter motor is dead then
we're gonna push it a little bit
how is it that that works my chicken -
gasps uh guys taking notes in video as
the heart initializes forward you need a
more propulsion to get it going boy and
enough to pull that your gear that was
pretty it doesn't jump straight away
then we're screwed Wow
okay oh my god guys that car oh you mean
bypass home no you go home and it upside
out we bypass him
oh yeah so we just walk straight past
all right do not pass go do not collect
$100 $200
do you want work
I'm not it
listen that's a fan for the masquerade
I've loved entire about
what's on his head or the spear yeah I
think it might have gone true oh yeah
he's supposed to put it up it's his
family but they're just horrible and
looks like yeah I know two letters blade
allows blood to flow through whatever
mess oh you put it on and actually drips
on your head
see sometimes that RV would need
there's only one of them oh yeah
this is for Charlotte this is perfectly
for Charlotte you think that's like mmm
we start the red much darker red and
this one might that's a door and you
know doesn't pop as much like think I'm
crazy remember to shoot but a photo
shoot for one of the chapters
hmm
you want to go to dinner oh look the
Harry Potter
go see Harry Potter when I come back
he's weird
Eddie Eddie Indiana markets and in the
ad market been so long hadn't any
rockets my sister in Tara near we got to
take away look like my mom says we got a
little fried a half
patty Krabby Patties but today guys with
on smokestacks with chicken and bacon
and cheese and God knows why
num-nums what do we get here by the way
Oreo milkshake or something the guys
heartbreaking that was the best thing
ever cause look who we ended up with oh
man point by the way guys pays anyone
doesn't know it
pick it shopping center into the world
no Peter of any guys serious if you
order stuff and then my
like I'd like to take off but I have to
be taken off if you get there in their
bare bones on the burger you guys see
that are you absolutely hate when people
like Anna
see because an actual pig in the basket
or an actual sausage yes um I thought
but I don't think so I think it's just
plain I feel like a sausage you know
everything is so good okay so you this
one comes with a garlic and actual
chicken I know it's ridiculous
hey let's look at the Halloween
decorations just look you know that's
not gonna fit avi oh no a little thing
for him here sweets because he's gonna
be going around trick you're cheating
yeah that's it
like okay by him and joy now Joey
like header and I'm here on the two of
them this thing oh please tell me is it
a hot pack your fingers
