look what we got for lunch from riot
what is it a German sausage or something
I got the same when I got relish and a
rather special make me a copy
oh so rude
we got it check that we gotta check out
the whole box we're finished they're
just anything today really an LV
splashing rain we're all getting soaked
you do it
look I'm SuperDuper beautiful today
Jonathan just got annoyed because I told
him be careful he was driving she was
like changing lanes while fixing the
vlog and his phone in that little pocket
Thanks
well what else oh yeah driving without a
seat bug that's gonna get you a lot of
haters often I think I'd care guys
I don't care I'm driving 11 years guys I
got this I got this whole traffic thing
hey this mio do you think no she's
finishing me
of course I'd seen the down at UCC the
mire like it's traffic is redonkulous
but the hell's going on here guys it's
redonkulous Shepard oculus I'm making
you say stupid things it's kind of funny
it suits you
school year
faith and begorrah we got two guys who's
a prime school here climbing all the
kids up so that's called primary oh no
because primary is beginning disgruntled
whoops oh look guys it's a lollipop
lollipop isn't your half a lollipop look
haha she's not dressed appropriately for
a lollipop lady our traffic warden has
been established
is this to turn away to take it so and
hey this is where we lost a tire last
week
pardon me before I play this one here no
and we're just getting into court has no
turnaround which basically means that
yes going the other way is definitely
better I went this way because I was
right somebody forget down by UCC it's
faster but I know you know it's
ridiculous it's a ridiculously long way
because I've had to go all the way back
down to wash and it makes no difference
the courthouse guys here we get in
trouble in court that's why you gotta go
hose right here right at that spot where
that Mondeo is that's we pulled in last
week wasn't it no all right I'll bet
right here that's Jeep that's where we
were parked right there where the man
came when the hero man came and saved us
we were gonna nip into this right here
because we're taking a left is the
computer fun - I love it thank you
little picture Bobbi but then I love
this - oh I don't know which one oh come
on
Becker's 0.0 thingy oh man
family so still II Ali Ali what is a B
what is a me what is it jeah toy is it a
toy is it a toy well can we actually see
it there for a second javi
would it be okay squeak evening I don't
think so good I'm speaking on that
little loud Oh what's the best prison in
the world for Audi now now to the
subscriber while we go
it's very important to be very careful
because you can see the attention to
detail the person is put here in the
little little Oh move so if you wait
your finger and slowly attention you
just roll your wedge in okay subscribe
really good idea cause I was thinking
you're not gonna have enough pins left
supply wizard who was it
Rebecca it's her it was him actually
he's like hey guys check out my owner
that's not my owner I own you oh thanks
for the pins
oh look at each other guys oh goodness
hello and ow ha ha one makeout mate
family from username re putter 1970 my
dream is coming together yes
ok I have fun making a video guys we
have to be quiet
ready what is that that's good turn it
over
so what onion ring those onion rings hi
guys so you just have to collect three
keys but we are really really bad
parents because we tried to take a
shortcut which turned out to be a long
cut let's turn to have to be extremely
long but what her coach her new bestest
friend in the world
is it your best friend in the world she
waited Erica so watching this video
sorry I'm a bad bad parents this is why
we're not parents I've been ever goes
anywhere so I got a comment on my last
video but I'll be asking if he goes two
dogs go dogs go
what the hell is dog school hippie I'm
missing something
he's missing wanna go dogs go unless you
meant like OBT or do you want to go to
Halloween Heller East what is it about
hello cake no just keep saying it like
that so he thinks of hitting something
happy 1st of October happy 1st of
October when I have like this oh she
finally gets it guys 110 days later and
she finally gets the concept Bravo
bellissimo bellissimo
it's about Bravo I don't know too hot
too hot for love she's chilling on the
keys the quays why are we in the slow
lane or something because like all the
cars are passing us let's go down here
and I can run the car yeah
they were pulling out where we're
sitting at the light come on stop
playing it all guys matter you're not
part of it you might be like well I'm a
bad parent so if I said Russian Court
Opera House that's where the opera's
happened in court is there so many
operas and this is where all the cool
people sit there there and they laugh at
all the young people down below right
yeah you know that recently they got a
million euros that's one where is he
see watching he's watching the show he's
got a lie Ciccone Jolie's wonder can you
leave a comment
the opens a window he just shared a
common up just the way to use goes it
comes the video yeah oh my oh my god oh
my god now he's peeping oh my god oh my
god
save it for your life buddy
