good guys it is the second last day of
September isn't that crazy
we're going on to October Topher over
best now let's go about this October
this year guys I don't know how many you
guys noticed but we are going to have a
ten of the ten at ten past ten no check
the calendars write it down it will be
different because whatever country
you're in or whatever time it is but
let's go by 10 past 10:00 that's gonna
be pretty cool 10 10 10 10 10 for buddy
what are we for tens when I came for
10-4 good buddy
I have a funny thing to tell you have
you ever set your alarm right to wake up
in the morning at whatever time right
and then sort of woken up in the middle
of night let's say like 3 or 4 o'clock
in the morning and talk some crazy
reason that it was time to get up and
then actually got up this is like Water
Street looking at profits this quarter
past 3 or something you're like almost
be trying to get up see ya
up and you go ahead and I turn on the
lights and almost turn the computer on I
can and I was like I was all confused I
was like what are you doing okay she
went back to sleep
you know but it was so dark and honest I
thought oh my god I've never been this
tired my entire life I'm so tired I'm
going to die you know I realize it was
actually about in the morning now the
world
from this I love knowing that oh my god
I have another light for our zebra
something was like amazing but you guys
never done that Rogoff and like a
million irons I think and actually
didn't have to get up but actually got
hooked
I'm mistaken in the middle of night for
the morning time it supposed to be and
you guys didn't like somewhere that's
really Breyer last year
in America maybe because it's so bright
I am what the hell all right what's
going on look how bad traffic is it this
is insanity insanity I tell you what
Noah has a mahogany today guys you
probably know already because you libido
watched it I see that that's it that's
it essential intelligence technology
center he's got like the CIA but it's
got a little bit in the truck to the end
of it all right I think is right about
can you believe it guys I wouldn't come
with me to Tesco so I'm actually on my
home the sole mean I'm so sad I'm a lone
cowboy truck my new ad vices guys please
vitality you guys eat those vitality of
it's pretty darn good yeah
make your insides a little funny but
funny in a good way
he's try to as I was saying I'm a lonely
cowboy looking for a good meal finish
for that on Twitter
my goodness my goodness gracious
abandoned I was defending for myself
I got electricity came special out for
where's on I'm a sucker I'm a sucker for
a special offer
when I go into Tesco yellow signs I'm
drawn to them they could be saying this
is overpriced I'm drawn to it and I pick
it up because I'm like boom
I'm saving I'm getting one over on the
man you guys ever did I ever drawn to
the yellow signs you just kind of
stopped me looking like I don't need
light bulbs but by one I get one free
probably use a light bulb Sunday or
shoelaces or something completely
ridiculous that you don't want you never
wanted because it's got a little yellow
sign you're more inclined to buy it
right guys we're making some chicken
breasts in Madeira sauce with mushrooms
and some potato because I was a lonesome
cowboy on my own I got what I want
lazybones can't even see her but she's
in there guys you know like there that's
a lazybones
say hello lazybones folks oh yeah
we're gonna there tomorrow we're gonna
go to pull box tomorrow
obviously when you watching this it'll
be that day so yeah we'll check it out
the PO Box so that's gonna be awesome
see who gets on the wall over there be
more than one this time but I'm not
complaining you know you get one I'll be
happy with one but I'd be happy with two
okay can we just do two this week let's
do two I'm sure I know you guys they
might have said something but if you
said something from the US they could
take I don't know about four years to
get here
no that's it guys I can't wait any
longer 22 minutes it's gonna have to be
go time I can't wait any longer and it
smells so delish delish Ross so how's it
gonna go ahead and this is what I've
come up with oh oh yeah
mushrooms sausage I don't like it
because she's not like potato and like
potato and a little chicken and they're
like lashings of some sort of a gravy
sauce and bacon and mushrooms and be
tearful medieval cathedral cathedral no
this is potato or naw I'm not interested
in potatoes I want potatoes potatoes all
right guys it is do not disturb time I'm
gonna have my munch and I am going to oh
yeah
we are never be joining I had a plan of
making red they're playing we're dead
redemption boy that plan was torn away
because I've got to edit the Star
Alliance video well I'm still on play
right there didn't you
how do you guys enjoyed my um my
commentary during the copyrighting see
you today so uh what secrets would you
like to know today
goodbye morning growl ah don't worry
about play you can't see anything it's
counter so crap guys what we will be
getting a new camera someday in the near
future
which reminds me hold on a second I have
something so important to tell you right
this is no joke actually
this would be a good time if you're
pointing to tea or a coffee go to toilet
or something right don't even pause the
video leave a plane don't worry about it
I'll let you know when I'm back okay
Oh back already looks okay we're back my
back we're back right over here so
awesome you may or may not have noticed
I have about four thousand four hundred
or four thousand three hundred or
something like that subscribers I am
nearing a landmark not a landmark what
am i hearing one what's the word I'm
looking for
I'm mark what a market bench a benchmark
of five thousand subscribers I know five
thousand people one of their name though
okay here we go no I wouldn't even begin
to try and actually do know a lot of
people it's funny how like when I be
talking to Ana and I like we talk about
a common right but like oh my god this
person said this or something oh my god
it's this name would I never known the
same names cuz I don't want to invoke
favoritism here but there's some of you
guys that who have been here for the
entire 110 days or something like that
you know and even before that for the 50
videos because I started this on the
50th video I think 50 video 51 was day
one of the vlogs
so like I know a few guys that have been
around even for the last year or so when
I don't like when she talked about you
know you find yourself talking using um
subscriber names mean it's like sitting
there in a house tonight
oh yeah it said this about you murder SS
an insert it common comes in this like
when an email comes in you see who the
emails from what the subscriber his name
is more to comment you don't see the
comment but based on the subscribers
name I can generally tell what the
comments going to be I mean like it was
going to be good or something bad
a lot of bad comments but you can always
tell if there's a certain few people
there that every time they call I'm like
huh thanks a lot buddy I feel like
you're like my friends or something at
like such a loser you've no real friends
what your friends are just like users of
YouTube but nobody using you guys
users slowly dripping from my height
before my height get the perfect
coffee
use that for a minute to a silent so
what I was gonna say okay so um this is
what we're looking at right according to
5,000 subscribers it's a benchmark and
I'm like I gotta do something I gotta do
so because you guys have been like I've
enjoyed the experience I really really
love you guys for subscribing inside
totally awesome you know I could no they
don't even watch this crap you know and
they are like well someone because you
think I like 3,000 a pop and that's like
so there's like three tabs and you guys
constantly watching it every single day
that's awesome like I find all of you
high-five your screen right don't worry
about breaking it just do it do it do it
doc I think I might have had a crack
there so I was like I gotta give
something back
I know I've never ever done a
competition or I've never done a
giveaway or anything like that so I
don't really know what I'm gonna do
but I don't want to have one who knows I
am so white time that'd be what should I
tell that birthday kid okay okay my
colleague here that's the Chester
actually tell me what I'm talking about
because you're not inside my head she do
that
get rid of sometimes have a conversation
with someone assuming that they're
inside your head somehow and they know
what you're saying and then you're in
there like what your daughter might I
never know all the time like oh keep up
cool
best day oh so M is the thing I'm
thinking these guys the price gotta be
something good something decent you know
so I've got a few ideas I don't wanna
give that in the way now what's gonna be
totally awesome let's go me something
that kind of now represents me anyway
like that something that I think so I
think would be good you know it's having
makeup Shh
okay it's not gonna be Albie it's not
going to be coffee
put up a toffee what's gonna it's gonna
make like a coffee pack or something out
but then I was thinking like not
everyone drinks coffee but what everyone
does do Oh keep it under wraps
so give me some suggestions if you would
for an idea of a competition I don't
want one where it's like everyone just
leave a comment and then I just take all
the comments that I put them in a rhyme
no mater and then it spits out a
username and I go congratulations you
have your name has been successfully
chosen random so I'm like what should we
do
I need something you've got a little bit
of why like I'm I get about 500 500
subscribers a day right now wouldn't my
5 this varies a there's 500 if you have
you watch this and you have not
subscribed go there cookies click that
yellow button right now
tick click it click it click one o'clock
so please be at 5,000 the cooker we can
uh we can give away stop well as I'm
coming closer to it oh no you know you
guys don't know just check the channel
you'll see it's like it's like four four
or four three or something at the moment
you know it's like 700 or 600
subscribers away when that happens when
we're coming close to it we're gonna
have to come up with something you know
it's gotta be something I don't want it
to be too difficult but I do want to
have an age that it's like something
where you have to kind of enter you have
to do more than just subscribers who
like have these competitions and it's
just like leave a comment and say enter
me I'm like that's so boring like it'll
be something like where you interact
with your comments but maybe I'll do
something like maybe you know I'll do I
know this is kind of random right but
maybe I'll put something under
subscriber wall or I'll do something
like that right and you have to spot it
so I'll do a video where I hide
something and then you guys have to spot
it or something I'll write a number on
the back of a sheet and I'll put it in
an envelope and we'll stick it on a
subscriber wall and you guys will see
that the envelope is untouched and the
subscriber wall and there's a number
inside that
you guys have like a week to guess what
the number is inside of it and then at
the end of the week what open the
envelope we look at all the comments and
whoever is let's say like top three or
something I like whoever's like closest
to the number without going over or is
dead on it like excessive number is 10
right let's simplify that same number is
10 right and you say and one person says
9 and so I like 10 do say 11 or then 9
wins because I haven't went over it
seems like that's what we're doing it
would seem like that's what we're doing
to office do you think that's a good
idea for competition I asked cool a if
I'm gonna enter I'm gonna enter or if
you know like how many paw prints on a
piece of paper that I'll be put our
we'll do some fun with you or something
fun what do you guys think you guys
think it so do you think that's cool do
you think that's cool do you take that's
cool
press subscribe
