the brighter is this morning guys
it's pretty insane it's great gotta put
the bins on first thing in the morning
here's my situation guys you can see
here the little lights on but so much
traffic you know this morning I'm
thinking I raise you try and get
somewhere like your petrol station but
the winery came on yesterday as ice come
home so I just keep plenty of patch all
right let's get me huh hey there they
are
you need your ticket but I don't know
where's petrol station is and what this
year is like are you gonna fly over and
stuff okay dad forgot that Misha Joey
it's all picture so off we go
roasty so good man good delivery man I
tell you oh I made it I survived that
was pretty crap because I hit so much
traffic and like the thing was like the
right thing in the light so what as doom
was that I was like jumping it in first
and I'm flicking and then like coasting
pretty much in neutral and then letting
the car do sort of glide you know
imagine running their petrol in the
middle of traffic on the motorway where
there's no services there's nothing so I
have to kind of detour off a random
weird way but we got some petrol we're
still going guys we're gonna make it
yeah run explain to the people why you
didn't think it needs to explain now
that's me guys what do you think you
think I should get him suits flakes
which we yogurt now roots for a fried
fish out large was this by fact of hard
fruits it's a little hard fruits like my
son made hmm
that's if everything here guys son right
raisins or fruit flakes or cherries is
it you loser
okay see you think they're in the army
or somewhere that's a conundrum um King
carrotastic from the Glacial tastic army
Oh sequences with a book yeah we're
doing a photo shoot pretty soon actually
for just like the cover but it's like
the inside cover it but it's like a
cupcake so we're like to acquire a
cupcake or do we try and actually make a
cupcake ourselves or and you guys got
like some recipes for some cupcakes or
how do you make a cupcake leave me a
comment oh if you've ever made a cupcake
because I don't know about these dreams
were really good she looks Cato about
the monkey man
I buy it because in him about them a
small cake mix would you like a small
cake the small cake making market
question here we go
this needs to be honest bunch lousy
or do we get a cup and a cake and we
just put the cake inside a cup it's not
hey make a cupcake and put a cake in a
couple easy-peasy you need them like
even if we do end up just getting ready
because they're pink
so I'm gonna have to comment recently
and they were like oh my god you guys
are like you eat so my healthy with like
hot dogs and like pizzas and all that
kind of stuff no I don't think we eat a
lot of that stuff you know for them is
that person if you're watching I got a
little something for you something for
you guys he's got spinach look anything
it's spinach is like I'm like Popeye
Popeye the sailorman he lives in the
caravan
I live in a caravan things guys Dexter
last night Bobo and you guys watch it ha
ha ha you're gonna like is he gonna like
who's gonna happen like this is any
other enemy pullers you get the petrol
knowledge like that's the Dexter we all
love deep down inside this season looks
good this season is good and you know we
used to always say like we'd watch me
like hey tweener are we just so annoying
I wish some would kill Rita you know but
now like now I feel kind of guilty about
Rita being dead you know it's like we
decide you know and you're like oh I
want to get her a room you know you know
what he's trying to tell the kids
one card any I was like this Mickey
Mouse ID he's like so um but everyone
knew at the end of the last season that
she is murdered in a bathtub
until pop look at your fancy tub look at
your fancy clothes
put on some sort of a style light
well like you hand it to me and I think
that you press record already no no I
recorded like from you cutting it open
but I didn't record any of you being
crazy with the scissors look I thought
we got new flowers do you want how to
take a pizza out of a box no super duper
no I know what do you wants to know
that's how the super duper cool person
does okay ok Alvey hey let's not litter
in our own house Johnson your son is
eating a pizza box no no no no I'm just
showing guys what not to do like I said
well this is entertaining
you should wear jeans no you were a
singer singer I was in a boy that I was
in for a meeting for Lux my chiseled
physique okay you might want it to turn
this on because it's very dark over here
you already know I hear when you buy
these pizzas you always have to like
reorganize everything do you guys do
that really you organized the pizza
after you only beat that it's frozen
frozen coin and to think we're gonna
stayed at my mom's house and had a
home-cooked meal certain people or you
just like to watch Inbetweeners know
that spooks we got the event you like
the event you like this I like all of
them I just wanted to have a she was a
little bit taller
wish I had a baller wish I was uh-huh
uh-huh
guys look what I got I got a bulb I got
a boob 20 watts 150 what you guys gonna
watch me I change Michael you know what
Wow
Jonathan seriously though like this
heats up offices and then their alley
there's two pizza boxes on the floor now
there's two pizza boxes on the floor and
the light bulb one like seriously you
need to pick them off the right light
bulb I seriously don't care if you fall
so don't think I wouldn't say yeah yeah
why come on grumpy yeah but you just
made a mess downstairs not do it's
disgusting I know what this was thinking
it was complaining about it the light of
my soul vibe in this room it's so
annoying these are like gonna burn off
that excess Christmas wait what are you
nuts dangerous now when there's children
and Vargo danger I don't really know cuz
that's on so I'm like I couldn't even
tell okay that's ridiculous
maybe
why where's the box gun so 100 uid throw
it on the floor number 120 Oh
