on the morning y'all and the traffic is
moving nicely which is quite good
because I have to get up extra early
this morning because the style dive
video that went up yesterday exhibited
there he's actually went up today but
I'm being all cool but I'm yeah I had to
edit and render out and encode and stuff
the starlight video this morning because
I had to be up today and I had to do the
vlog so I did that this morning as well
so we're up early we loads of editing
and all that kind of fun morning
activity and now we are on the way to
the University and for some unknown
reason this morning the traffic is very
very light which is awesome
they think ladies the painting under
them have been abandoned and I folks
where you going I'm going to 342
strawberries much is getting I'm going
to Erica school because I'm her I'm
standing in for my dad cleaning
it's a parent-teacher thing so when did
you figure this one there I missed all
the special moments many senators words
oh you're like what yeah Lee what did
you get
what was your price
oh yeah looks like a book or a program
are you going are you going to stay for
dinner but I specially freshly made text
a friend go 5050 I do apologize to you
right now please accept my apology
somehow I'm so very sorry that we'd be
lacking I'm filling up yeah Oh turn on
YouTube
must I set busted how did edit the palm
of my hand but it slipped away good way
never gonna let it slip away
look lucky thing man oh yeah but five
minutes ago
I'll be jumps up on my desk and he
smashed my camera so the bike screen
writer back there has a big crack across
it you can't actually see it but not fun
I'll tell you that much folks
alright me putting my beans can even see
that they cannot see that because the
light is crap everything's crap there
are new guys I love ya I'm making a new
intro for the channel bear with me a
moment
feel free to talk among yourselves
leave a comment break the video favorite
it whatever
crazy man when you guys make your own
coffee you just smell hope no lights
light what's the smell oh good it's the
one we use good that is when you just
like let's make sure it's turned off
before you put it into it cuz that's how
the XR that was this good like if I go
under here is this good lighting girl do
i plug this end of knowing hey guys so
uh we're kind of hanging around in the
kitchen okay can I actually manage to
keep eye contact it's very very
difficult to keep eye contact while it's
doing this so what you up to yeah any
special you guys should try this
actually you probably shouldn't try this
because when you stop you have some
difficulties with control I must say I'm
gonna hang on to the wall there I'm
gonna hold onto this wall as the world
spins around
I am very okay guys do not try that ever
in your life if you trust me you have no
strike do not try that oh my god okay I
was about idea I'm just editing up the
videos of that family's being right and
the quality is so so so bad like this is
this is like 2002 I think so we
definitely had like digi high ache
but we did not have Haiti so as you can
tell the quality is rubbish but I will
give you a little tinkle all right if
you're watching them listed here that's
me
this little guy over here the quality is
really bad is this guy he's just
handsome devil okay I love it little bit
what there any way you guys can check
that out I'm going to upload it on the
Jonathan Joe Lee channel I'm supposed to
look I'll leave a link here somewhere
around here there's a little annotation
or something that click it at the moment
the channel says like the pets and all
that kind of stuff like I'm going to
just start putting this stuff up there
and I have how many we got to go one
that you have four songs here instead of
putting them all off as one sort of long
concert video which could be a bit
annoying or maybe a will what should i
do should I put them all up as a concert
video or should I put them one
individually one one one one I probably
should just put one one one one I don't
know I don't know I don't know what to
do now by the time you give me a
suggestion I've already done it this
needs to be live during that little
snakey toothpick okay what's this
the hero is the pits
it is the pits and pit ponies but I'm
you know it's all fun what's this one
when at all you want to know all you
want to do what you going to do boys
down we wanna we wanna we want honor
again while we are the boys that's
present time from job cuts you could
drive you back with the law of my mind
and touch my hand I lose control when
I'm alone without just so I cannot go I
can't without you in my life cuz you
love to ask me to trouble and strife
protect the ones that you love and care
everybody anywhere anywhere
everybody anytime anywhere so come on
come on let's get to groove on its new
and future all the break of dawn with
the funky side from way back when we did
it we've done it
who put it again boom oh six years ago I
still got it you still got it
I could still move it move it let me
tell you right before that overexposed
light
okay you want to kind of like bring it
close to the light if you have like a
big nose or cook it no more all
those public a bad cheese now don't
worry if you're slightly blinded by this
situation don't right now if you're
having an early day folks I recommend
getting inside the light and folding it
over on yourself now this is prone to
burning like the burning is good the
more it burns your face the better the
image is going to look in the long run
okay so I'm just going to get out of
there for a minute that's basically how
you light yourself up guys I can't even
see you learn what have you got here
boring look what I got this is EOS I
found guys boy burn just the tonic for
the ill kids how would you look at me
giving the kids to like
anyway I said I didn't I don't know
what's gone
let's go much yeah what's going on in
here no what is it
it's very minerals you know no the
makeup that the only makeup that you can
actually sleep in that's still good for
you whoa is that how you open it I have
a style diet opens thing won't show too
much because I'm sure there'll be some
sort of a style art video it looks like
a book or a program you got a grammar
I'll be I'll be that's the best part
give me that give me that back give me
that back right now
give me that back I'll be give me that
back give me that back give me that back
right now give me that back right now
it means that I little fecker backer the
only one is happy because I
that's a poppin you gotta pop pop poppin
right you gotta pop spam rut do you dig
you gotta pop pop pop and you'll never
get it never get it
investigating I'll be talking
investigates boring this is it this is
what you're excited that I push hi girls
today we're gonna talk about a full
flawless face just like a shaving brush
I'm going again that's happening they
like the mech ones that I bought you
know it's wonder pointer I bought on my
crushes tummy up if I'm the best
boyfriend in the world
my the best boyfriend in the world
though is it like pajamas pajamas you
call my review video or whatever look
out for a video for the style I call
pajama makeup every time I do this I
probably look like you can't even see me
do you know what guys right there's an
offer in your rant Asko facets all sorts
by one massive box of licorice what's
your favorite you know the SuperDuper
best thing about these bastards or sorts
Anna doesn't like them and he doesn't
like them do you like the pink ones of
course you like some pink ones what a
loser
what's your favorite Basset all sort Y
has to be you know when you got like a
double bunk bed like this you know what
you do is that hmm you lost one
individual layer at a time
see you after the green goopy a little
bit I'm skipping ahead there I'm also
joking over deal by joke I'm dying right
now
oh my god well this they always do this
but this manual thing
mm-hm it's actually only two pages long
but they just have it in every 50
languages yeah it's not like your book
you're about this on four to six hey who
do we appreciate
maybe it's extra boom with how much
texture tonight guy who's on last night
episode one at the new episode of Dexter
if you like Dexter leave a comment tell
me Dexter Morgan rocks your boat what
happened what happened to merge Alaska
season end another saying cuz I don't
know why you guys are in that situation
but you remember heavy ended the season
last yeah you weren't even alive
Lizzie oh yeah over here anyway totally
totally totaled excited even more
exciting I think Stargate Universe comes
back tomorrow
sorry universe back tomorrow how do you
feel my tummy hurts
what can I do guys Caprica coming back
next week how do you feel Caprica
silence
oh what's that from which - did you get
was that wrong I didn't I was like two
years ago something like that one but I
don't know if you watch happy said but
you know the dad he's always like cut
off like this I think he's always like
eating a packet of crisps and you're
always like oh I know what you
saying he's like vital particle
structure like the tough it's really
funny not to be confused with Brian but
aunty
Brian Dumpty
what's that you say I know it's getting
there well we haven't mean to their PO
Box now he's running gonna go back on
Thursday which is in like two days
we're not gonna bother going back
because let's be honest guys there's
probably nothing there guys there's
nothing I know you why don't you know
good subscribers army how could you not
love him oh my god yeah yeah we got that
yeah I'm so excited about that which
today and every time I say chief he'd
like run over - she would she
I don't mean anyway during the day he'd
run over to it cuz he can't reach the
window stuff but he'd run over to it and
just like jump up and down like that
it's so cute
very tating little in front you
you guys have to go cuz we're having
some impromptu cuddles
