hey this funny idea right which I'm
gonna do him one of these days I don't
know when I'll do it and maybe I
Whateley hit 5000 subs cuz the end of
the life should be like an event or
something you know the big thing but I
was going for fun I feel like a musical
vlog right where I put a whole one day
for the whole day as every time we're
rocking like to sing it like you know
like sons are like everybody welcome to
the block good morning
I'll be cup girl welcome to the vlog I'm
doing a vacuum and I'm doing the vacuum
and gonna clean the house he's doing a
vacuum man he's doing the vacuuming he's
gonna clean the house you better watch
out cause the fat girls coming something
along those lines
I think of me yeah I think it'd be kind
of fun though you know I'm gonna try and
pick you they know that we actually
don't do much because people might stare
everywhere
but it could be funny what do you guys
think is good yeah also on the subject
of singing um I used to be in a band
right years and years and years and
years and years ago right and we got
alright like we kind of we toured around
plates and big gigs but when we or we
did this one gig who we played a
Westlife and the point in the o2 is it's
called now children right on it was
filmed like a filmed bike then it was
like I think it was like high eight
video camera one of the guys at genre
and his girlfriend had filmed it now I
just happen to keep the video but I
wasn't talking to Alan which was one of
the guys the other day he's me like um
do you have that video footage now I
think I opened her like one tiny teeny
little part of it but I said I do it
like ages going in after god and then I
asked me again then I forgot and I keep
forgetting to actually put it up so I
was like right well I might as well go
ahead and do that but no more child
put on not put on the flute so I was
like I might go ahead and put it on
through the Jonathan Joey channel now
like you can look at if you want I don't
really mind it's more for a nostalgic
historical value because you can put it
up there then it kind of stays there and
it's not going to disappear boy I don't
know I just I let you know that that's
gonna go up on my other channel also I'm
your challenge I know I should step out
of the circle of commitment guys cuz I'm
a failure well I'm not really because I
didn't actually say I was gonna commit
myself doing this actually terms and
conditions apply if you go back and
check the other blog I never said I
never said I never said okay yeah
exactly
exactly go look go look I never said
that I was gonna do it but I was trying
to try to do the series thing every week
but it's just so much other stuff going
on and I just keep forgetting in there
so I don't know I'm gonna try and do it
more like but you know every day we
daily vlog which means that every day
you gotta make a video you know and then
and then some days I make him like tutor
because I'm making a style that video
sadhana might are rendering editing a
stylized video rendering editing food
video security video and then I'm
encoding them because that's how you
upload to YouTube like em some people
probably upload raw footage or they use
some little compressors but if you use
all them like you're gonna find that
your upload times are ridiculous you
know so what I tend to do is I encode
them which is a process where is I look
at the the amount of bits per second
that's being transferred and I could it
right there and so most tomorrow I keep
it a twenty minute vlog might only be a
100 Meg you know which is pretty awesome
because I'm pretty awesome okay if you
have a question by that leave a comment
below and I'll answer your question
because I don't think a lot of people
know about how to properly incarnate
video to upload it because especially in
Iran where I'm researching for internet
is pretty darn crap so if you've got
like a really crappy insane you're
trying out but you can be over over like
two or three hours and I'm one of the
failures of my bath get Co you know so
the best trick you can do is encode them
do something like there's a lot of free
stuff out there like real compress and
all that like I used to use devack's
which is
pretty good but the hw6 4 which is the
QuickTime encoder it's very very good
it's got a really really steady status
flow stream plus YouTube itself actually
encodes using the same format which is
FLV and FLV comprises four on two feet
p6 and i'm TVP sticks and it's
derivative of H dot 264 why'd you say
what was all that it was all just
numbers numbers and numbers and numbers
but if anyone actually knows what I'm
talking about
and it can you make a comment I'd be
kind of call call call call us like cool
but it's Carl
so when car is cool he's called when the
car is gone anyway I was like close
attention out there know the new musical
thing I'm gonna put up the new entry
videos that's a bad install by the way
new entry anyway and it'll be a lot of
fun I think so maybe not maybe not maybe
so maybe not and I was thinking with the
channel like if I'm not going to that
specifically do the little toy stuff
like I might do a little skits and other
little things that sometimes I think
about doing boy I never get chance to
but then again because I'm doing the
Starlight video it's all the time and
then I'm also an indoor fluke like the
daily vlogs every single day as well
it's just it can sometimes man talk that
you're you're coming home from work and
you just like editing rendering
compressing encoding uploading and
finishing importing compressing runner
or we're all floating finishing and here
select create its home nails putting
them up dean annotations great never -
nope second up and then next thing you
know you've got like no time left in
you're like what does any how are these
plans are doing stuff you know so I'll
try and get ran to it I will try and get
around to doing it like I've got it like
I've been saying about putting up those
bad videos for about like three years I
think I've eaten a salad so I probably
should do it now
not I have a decent computer and
I'm able to actually do this stuff
properly like before when I was in uni I
like the crapless computers himself so
there's no way because these were done
on video beta which is like a video VHS
you know so I got put into the Ajax
machine and then it got press play on
the screen and then I have a set of my
HD cameras on the court from the screen
you know while balancing all the light
and aperture and stuff like that so it's
a bit of a ridiculous situation well I
don't have a video player I haven't had
a video player in like two years or
something that you know what was last
time did you guys actually have video
players or tape players do you know that
car that we have that has a tape player
in it like again I'm not complaining
because we got that car from Taunton and
that's totally awesome and it's falling
apart but that gives it more character
and makes it more fun
but it has a tape player in it like does
anyone actually own a tape I actually
have a box of tapes upstairs which were
like mixed tapes you know like when I
used to have like em I was younger and I
had always girlfriends and stuff I used
to like we used to make each other like
tapes of like songs like right oh here's
some like you know Soul Train and here's
some like you know counting crows or
take that or whatever like the musci
song was or at Gary Barlow forever love
that was a big hit like you know and you
like some bathroom you know like oh my
god who was I feeling like and then you
might write like you'd write a poem and
then you'd wrap the tape in like the
poem and then you'd like send it to her
you know and then she did I take out the
tape and then she like record a lot of
songs and write like something else and
then send it back in the funny thing was
and what am i what am I like long term
girlfriends when I was a kid while in
school my little sister right so every
single day I would I could write her a
letter and then give it to my little
sister my little sister would go to her
in school sisters like probably like the
first year and she was on like third
year something that was weird me about
15 and then she'd write a letter and
handed it back to my sister and then in
fact to me and I might uh soon be like a
postal service but sometimes mixed tapes
got put in there you know need needs
like draw over a table of hearts need
Stella take Kings on and you all like
expressing like and you
like I cry every day when were apart
how could this be you know do you guys
everyday like anyone ever do that leave
me a comment if you actually like made a
mixtape for someone or used to do the
sending letter things I'd say nowadays
it's probably lost because it could be
like oh head over to my iTunes Store
I put Dargo to watch a YouTube video or
you know I'll text you or email you or
something if you don't even email I'm
sure it's just like texting or I don't
know telepathy
probably some app or something but yeah
I did a lotta a lot of that stuff is
probably lost in translation lost in
technology hey that's a good one lost in
technology must use that in something
