morning campers you know and it's the
exact same spot the yesterday's vlog
started I whoa that's my mind melting I
didn't start making coffee someone
actually pointed out that I started a
lot of blogs while I'm making coffee
which is kind of funny it's kind of a
good observation
I just put something out in Twitter
right and you guys probably aren't
following me on Twitter if you want to
links and the bottom thing and I said
what would you prefer a really really
sunny but really cold or really really
warm but really really dark what did you
prepare
can't believe we never went around the
corner yeah guys look at this we
extended our walk but I'll be a checkout
boy well this is new to me but look it's
so much nicer around the corner that's
little island over there it's a little
island and there's a wildlife park which
we brought dossiers over that way this
is so nice I'm in two minds I'm thinking
like I gotta get fitter so I'm like the
walk-ins okay you know run right when I
start jogging or when I get one of those
machines I put it in the house when it I
was like stepper machine things what do
you guys think jockey
or step aerobics machine being at home
as we didn't want to tell you we're
actually moving and we're looking at
this sort of house so we told me show
you it so this is our new house what do
you guys think it's nice bike it yeah I
think it's suitable for our princess
princess Mia do you think oh we oh you
all left me I'm talking to myself
fantastic it's a castle
what is it it's a Observatory is it on
the top of it
Eriko is that wasn't she so cool beyond
when you walk around the corner walk
around the corner you're at a castle
hey castles got a satellite dish that's
kind of new it's nobody javis is a party
man yeah it is to us come on Mars or get
the steps to have completed the entire
yeah but to say you feel like you've not
only finished it but you've continued on
new heights what's up there
did um did you remember the key no guys
if you got the key
we've got to go back and get the key can
I help you you look nice in a castle
Castle suits you yo needs Akoni hassle
I'll be kind of cool guys you need to
tone this up if you think we should buy
a castle I mean best boyfriend Oh in the
world yo guys Saturday you know what
Saturday means Saturday means takeaway
day so if war doesn't take away you know
what they said to us he said it's going
to take like an hour to get here what
the hell is up with that
so Ana as she is a princess as we
establish at it on with the princess
castle so that's not good enough for her
so I've been ordered to make a smack
they've chosen to make McCambridge brown
bread catedral City mature with the
bread and the thing and the thing that's
gonna tease me it's a toasty
you gotta toast it first because what if
you grill toasted I find with the cheese
it's just not as good as real the hair
of my little assistant okay so that's
what we're doing our Saturday night
we're also gonna check out get him to
the Greek I think this was called hey
what are you guys doing on your Saturday
night let me know yum yum
did you make that did you make that
think about guys I got a pineapple on my
one mmm give your mouth nummies got no
catsup guys okay well someone runs a
shop and get me some ketchup
