good morrow morrow XIV Thursday I'm
gonna head off to the PIO box in a bit
after Alby of course prior he's people
priorities and we're gonna see so I rang
them in erinite oh yeah you got some
whore without tomorrow bye I was like
nice so he's gonna be first on the sub
well that's gonna happen today
someone's gonna get in the tub Walton
are you excited so excited as we are
guys and we're gonna answer all the
questions today oh so much is happening
are we all excited are we excited
excited in the light in well if there's
nothing there what if it's just a sack
of coal why don't they just go in and we
get a sack of coal and they're like here
you go sir you will Bowl this Christmas
cheer remember that we just lost this
place called Fred Zeppelin's and it's
like this really rundown place yeah for
like rockers and stuff well I had this
friend when I was in college the college
that I dropped out of here in Cork which
are just coming up to actually a UCC
studying arts and I was right this guy
one of my classes he and I'm still
friends them but he's into like death
metal and like heavy metal all this
music that like I'm not into it all like
I'm into like Britney Spears of Rihanna
so anyway he asked me to come to that
place Fred Zeppelin's because his one of
his best friends were was performing
there I think I don't know what he was
playing with he was in a band and so he
went just to like support him because my
friend and I went with my friend Martha
who's like the same as well no she's
probably more into like different kind
of music like more alternative like
indie music than me but she's still
pretty like you know damn yeah and we
had never experienced anything like this
before
we literally like we rushed there and
you could not hear yourself think like
it was just screaming like it was insane
and it was just like it was horrible and
we were just like we didn't know what to
think we're just like what the hell is
this never ever ever again
am I ever gonna do it but we went to
support my friends so you know it was
nice thing to do but yeah I'm not into
death metal music so any of you guys
like death metal I I don't know how you
are still able to hear because it's just
like it ruins your ears
7b Slapton but I didn't biggis ice and
slice it down because lesson here we go
slicing a bagel all day long the second
biggest lesson a bagel big big big big
big new bagels lesson here you problem
here is I can hold one hand it's not
just a bagel good it's debatable down it
comes and half you take the other you
put it in you slice it down say slice
say paper sis let's say bagel from
goes lesson today good lesson today in
Jamaica it may it go / Salman is Mabel
slicing man everybody in Japan
everywhere she bit off sighs oh me go
everyone in Germany I thought so that's
a bad word it has a slice of paper
everyone in started it sponsored by the
way go salsa make a really good more
sauce up I go really good everyone in
England is a mininet my brother the best
accent ever in the world ever but you'll
never be under God because he's an
important businessman an important
businessmen should never be on YouTube
that's the official son but guys there's
stuff on the subscriber wall look at
that folks
I had a vision that vision has come
alive it's a lie there's only one tub
shadrach there's only one special blue
one left it could be you it could be you
okay send them up you box 211 the West
2d dress is below because I can't
remember any of it okay
start of you trying me so he's that
let's start was the describe no it's the
bit wearing you got frozen potato
dr. photo
and that kids is why you don't play in
the traffic oh yeah
well arrange this
oh you find it
yeah we're gonna give them a cool-down
no I hope that person's okay whomever it
is that they're racing to anyway we're
trying to get to
and it's somewhere over the North you
never been there before so we're Google
mapping engine so at first he told us to
go to California like oh we gotta go to
Cali more like so I was I like shot it
put the dinner on we're on the way turns
out we don't got to go to California
it was the iPhone was telling me to go
to Google headquarters but that's just
defaulting oh my goodness gracious
gracious me nice what are we doing here
what are we doing here are you sitting I
was playing Red Dead Redemption I was
having the time of my life and now I am
just sitting in traffic having not so
time of my life
you think Eric will ever appreciate
these things you shall deep down inside
in yourself
God you know what this guys are great
those guys are really really good a
solid one for me coming all the way in
to collect me you know and it's our
Thursday
it's our Thursday today in like half an
hour everyone in the world is going to
raise a pint and say tomorrow it's gonna
be stupid but we're not we're not we're
not thinking people so you know we're
not down with that scene you know we're
not involved
we're excluded exclusion zone beans of
the future morning rower the boarding
gala
good morning growler right come back Joe
let's go and answer some goddamn
question owes he's my interviewer are
you gonna interview me ah that's bloody
coffee in the world
alright folks black black satin curtain
right grab out of it
oh my rocking chair rocking for poppin
in the rocking chair alright go away
it's question time good morning good
morning question well question number
one where's your favorite place in the
world Joe Nathan my favorite place in
the world anywhere where Anna and Alby
are boring okay right now is probably
quite dull how did you and Anna meet
sweet and mother of god what was that
that was the process like um you see
that's a big long story right so we're
gonna keep that for a separate video
okay what everyone know is I've met I'm
being the subbies okay I quit
and quickly is before your time I'll be
ok this is my my point of view of the
story right learning it I'm gonna make
this into like two or three minutes okay
really quickly okay okay so I made the
cork in college did the whole year first
year almost finished first year I had
kind of planned to shoot a music video
in this nightclub I kind of casted
everyone that I wanted to and I was
missing kind of the manor of the one so
myself and a friend of mine John we were
we were supposed to go to expense
Conrad's and we didn't have gone there
John was hooking up with his girlfriend
I tagged along to Havana no to Long
Island and like a cocktail bar John was
there with his John's girlfriend was
Eric Jones girlfriend's friend who I was
kind of being set up with at the time
didn't actually go ahead that night but
her other friend Anna did come with her
boyfriend so I just walked in to place
an item and I saw her I was like boom
that's it
bang chicka Wang Wang that's why wrong
way of saying that I will take a while
and that was it I thought it was how oh
my god and that was it I once I once and
then we kind of like chatted a bit on
Bebo we found on the sly and then
everyone was against us kind of getting
together and they were all like all you
guys can't she had a boyfriend and I was
just this dude from Dublin so anyway
eventually she said I asked with me a
music video and then eventually after
it's a cracker boy it was like but
eventually and she broke up with him
that's for the full story with it
without more detail
nothing to do with that whatsoever
well Irish a pretty didn't one pivotal
moment in our courting right wise am we
had sat in a shopping center for about
five hours on a bench just like talking
and you can do that you can sit there
for like someone for it just a man at a
time and just talk about nothing you
know it's a good one you know it's a
good thing and we went up to the corner
of this row which is in cuz when I was
in first year in college I was in
Donnybrook anyone know is dying Brooke
in court not that in Brooklyn Dublin
yeah um
sitting there we got up we went up today
there's a crossroads now it's like I'll
be knocked down the Tesco and everything
so how inconvenient of them ruining our
memoize which was the crossroads and I
sat across those and we walked open this
is the kind of one where she was gonna
like go home you know I am and I was
gonna go home because we met the halfway
point and I was like well if you want to
come up like for like a cup of coffee or
something even though she didn't drink
off here and I don't know what we were
saying she was like well I don't know
I'm sure not like but I trust myself and
then I was like well I trust myself and
I was like okay so it walked as my house
and we spent the night and watching MTV
music videos which was a pain in the
arse because my flatmate next time why
not go away Joe does not like this Joe
was nice yeah wise nice but it's just so
funny because he didn't know though no
no no no no because I always I was
pretty I was like I don't do it anymore
I have no interest in being with anyone
you know but and I changed she's a she's
a game changer a rule breaker okay next
question
mm my question is what do you do in the
university are you a lecture basically
guys you know when you go to a car park
and you know sometimes when you see like
dead bugs and stuff in the floor my job
is basically to pick them up and I don't
really want to talk about what I do in
the universe like everyone know is that
like you know it's animation and visual
composition stuff that are working if
you guys watch my daily but stuff
sometimes I put a pitch and so I know
what I want to go to detail I'm sure
you'll understand why obviously I don't
want to go full into detail I think
there's another question coming up which
will add to that anyway anyway
what is your favorite thing about living
in Ireland where is your favorite place
to travel or vacation or where would you
want to travel at vacation so first
what's your favorite thing about living
in Arles
favoriting by living on people people
people people traveled around I've met
the people I love the people in Ireland
sometimes it can be annoying that the
way certain things run in Ireland but
the people are ready there's just a lot
of January people and yeah when do you
plan on getting married and how many
kids do you want
I have one kid here to look after Anna
all the time as well so that's kid
number two we got a basket right next
September what are your thoughts about
ever moving to America if so what state
would you guys want to live in I love oh
yeah we were actually gonna move where I
think any he wants to get in boom here
today now we're in London and we decided
we're going to leave London we actually
were gonna go to America I actually had
a scratchy scratchy s'en I actually
applied for a visa and got a visa to add
to move to America because Ana is
obviously an American citizen so she can
just like strongly and I like stop and
see us we decide that we're definitely
gonna go move to America and what we
didn't anyway we ended up back here in
Ireland only because when like Anna's I
don't know if I should show that not
suitable for kids it's not suitable
anyone when an because that his dad had
passed away and stuff and her mom was
there you know we just I just found you
know we're always going home we're
always being ran out as family you know
more so you know I think we're not even
here like you know you see that we like
we bring Eric around surprise we're
always overhead with dinner and giving
her company so so I think he'll be
really stopped I think it's a bleep
perfect you will go to America and we're
either going to we're gonna go to where
we're Cynthia Texas right I gotta send
ya or we probably go to Cali
I'd like to Oh balls more yeah I think
oh wait that's not a steak yeah because
because of what I do for a living apart
from like the YouTube stuff because what
I do for a living like I would be
probably drawn to go to County because
there's a lot of work there for me you
know for additional media and stuff like
that yeah but Baltimore's nice hi what
do you miss about London how do I miss
about London
they be hot on them and how do you ever
rained I don't miss anything um let's
just get that one Oh
where did you get the name Albee from
somebody actually answered that for the
other person Thanks
Maggie likes egg no strawbe Immy onto it
oh sorry mine just quickly what sabe
what I'll be caca I'll be caca is an
Italian word for Abraham when he was
born he got apricot spots in him and I
said oh my God he's got apricot spots in
him let's talk about the caca Iowa
caucus along his intense we call him
Ally
what did you want to do in your little
why are people Martin uses sponge people
are pleasant and lovely and thank you
for subscribing and leaving comments
what nice Brenna what did you want to be
when you're a little come on tomorrow
what I wouldn't be little and I am doing
right now what I've always wanted to do
I wanted to be a nagging professional
swimmer I think because I did that for a
long time then I was a professional
dancer for a long time and then I was in
a band for ages and we toured her around
so I did that for a while and then I was
a dance teacher like without lb or life
he's at PlayStation 3 computer it's been
fun Abby goodbye what okay hold on
Oh keep I'll be good buy an xbox 360
question Oh Fran if you have to choose
what would it be limited clothes or
limited cosmetics limited cosmetics I
did German for six years
bye mr. braid hi sir if your action and
I lived in Germany for transition here
for a couple of months and then and
actually I never determine again and his
mother's family or German so Anna's mom
speaks in German and then sometimes I
just say German for fun like and then it
became sort of funny and then I don't
know I don't know
do you like the language I do like the
language actually I'm it okay well for
Alan could you ever imagine to cut your
hair short my hair was short Vienna is
now reasoning your hair short again but
those pictures of it on my face I like
it for ala be what you prefer to eat and
watch your favorite activity with your
mom and dad no his favorite thing to eat
is chicken geez chicken yeah or just any
kind of me and his favorite activity to
do pony walkies
yeah I'd show you a progress that's a
secret secret that's our secret time
okay um do you guys think you'll ever
get brother or little brother or sister
for Albie another dog or maybe a kitty
you will not be getting a kitty yeah
keeping that I well I don't know I don't
know I don't know you know sometimes
sometimes like we saw papi do today
where would I go my god so much fun we
see the I'll be loves playing with her
dogs you know but then it's like you you
can't just get a dog enough knowing that
one ring there yeah I know
okay it's not about the Ranger you just
got to be practical you know you guys
think of our lives and how what do we do
and we move a lot we do things and you
know if we kind of I I don't think it'd
be very pricey though at the moment
maybe things will change
yep what do you think is the annoying
part of each other hello cutie-pie
that's cutie pie over there guys well
it's not but no it's hers you don't want
yeah okay what's the most annoying part
about me oh she's so beautiful
her beauty is too much for me it's him
the way with me know in knowing why Anna
has the worst temper in the world ever
she like flies off the handle for no
this my new distinct she would I just
explode and she's like you say alright
put some popcorn
oh you mean like five minutes ago
she was trying to murder me and right
she comes out with like popcorn you
might as well do the questions now I was
like I kind of afraid of you
and the noise even was very you is when
you chew with your mouth open
that's like the number one seriously
that's like the number one thing I would
happen to be known again I know but that
is I feel like killing you sometimes
because sometimes like yeah like a chewy
thing and you have just like one or two
okay
why did you call it Ana Nina because her
dad used to call her and Nina which is
little Hannah and then I irradiated down
to just Nina it does all be have only
one i watch ha ha watch the video called
the journey the truth about Alby answers
that oh yeah no I don't think so like of
all that to all the people that have
ever met
I'm just like randomly on the street or
something oh my god no TV you're
traveling you know is there a bit about
experience you know the one thing I can
say is cuz I Meyers so I'm not saying is
any drug in fashion I'm not mocking
Irish beef or anything like that but I
can tell you that a lot of Irish people
will tend to look at you and they might
be subscriber or anyone know you from
YouTube and they look at you or anything
oh my god that you might but did say
nothing it would just I don't walk past
or they look and go like like they never
come up you're never say anything so I
suppose in that respect I haven't really
had that many interactions with people
in general in public like you know
that's why celebrities coming to Ireland
yeah because people just said oh my god
I've I've often seen like you know like
you to you or celebrities you to so
practical but I've seen fairies right
now just don't bother people just tend
not to I don't know what it is but
people don't go and say anything to
anyone
it's funny like that well funny how did
you propose um I was like some things
you just want to keep a little bit to
ourselves a little bit private you know
this is just one of the things my tally
later on I don't read her blog or
something out but at the moment like
some some elements of my life we're not
going to like put out there in a sense
because you got you understanding you
got to keep some things just to
ourselves and that's one of those
moments where it's too special um I said
in previous videos that she doesn't want
kid
do you love to me so tanana I'm not
gonna have kids I'm never gonna use this
bigger okay that's for sure mm-hmm after
first meeting Anna how long did it take
you to know that she was the one I think
I knew she was the one before in a
manner like before she met me because I
remember I specifically remember sitting
there on my mojito and I drank a lot of
mojitos that night but I remember
sitting there John and looking over this
girl and thinking oh my hat my list of
cars like that is probably the most
beautiful girl ever seen in my life and
I will probably never ever be able to be
with her because it doesn't work right
at you it doesn't work that way you know
and then she comes over and she's like
oh my god and she puts it on me and she
actually admitted to me because she was
like oh my god cuz I ignored her but I
ignored her because I was thinking to
myself like she's too perfect she's too
beautiful I have to sabotage that
whenever you guys sabotage that because
do not let that happen you know so don't
worry I did a pretty good job of
sabotaging that you know but thank you
hey yeah they chewed isn't a boyfriend
I'm like whatever
get out of my fantasy you know that's
all the questions that's it we're gonna
probably do another one of these I like
the end of each month or something I'm
not gonna do it every week because you
know I mean it's it's it's pointless
doing this every week so we'll do
another one in a month and we'll do the
same thing we'll an answer on a video
and then we'll go through all the
comments again you know so next one ask
more questions
