what what's wrong what's wrong
thank you one you serious you want to
get up
you know what John what what doing it up
so I'm sitting here trying to edit on my
computer and Albee estimates non-stop we
can't get over to miss bed because his
steps are only on Jonathan's in my bed
so then you reach the voice noises when
you want stick it on so cute
okay I'll let you up I let you up you're
too cute that's your problem that is the
problem with you is that you shake my
hand shake my hand good boy good boy
trying to get up with mom I'm not going
anywhere now we're gonna sit here for a
bit I'm busy come on gonna get up gonna
get up turns out you just wanted to play
hmm you just want to play come here I
gotcha kitchen you're gonna be good for
mom was awaiting boy dad yeah daddy's
coming home he's coming home he's coming
home only Kaka he's coming home he's
coming home ah you're so cute I love you
so much chick man oh good boy good boy
good boy good boy kisses kisses kisses
for the camera all right give me kisses
he doesn't usually gonna be kissing
survived lipstick gun maybe Jesus Alvey
I swear he gives me kids with sometimes
you'll give me kisses
sometimes just none all the time Oh mom
make me out for the camera come on give
me kisses
good boy boy did you see that I don't
know if you saw that Jonathan your son
you know some days I am like I might be
really tired or something and I wouldn't
even M like we watch over the vlog you
know I know I'll remember during the day
if I did something or if I need to edit
anything at other times I don't cuz of
minutes I could one day's like I know I
know what I'm doing right but sometimes
when Anna does them um she just gives me
the card you know my god he made car and
I just flip to it and last night right I
was them I was really really tired and I
was on the phone to my brother and he
was talking away to me and I knew I had
to get the vlog done you know so I was
kind of I wasn't even them really
looking at it you know I was just kind
of flicking through it going I just
clipping the starts in the end that you
know hi guys okay bye guys you know I
kind of stuff sit in there you know
I thought my phone is like videos live
awesome view comments
this is a question blog you know so I'm
looking through some of the questions
and I'm seeing these people saying like
oh yeah glad you didn't could have the
shopping bitten don't get her to
shopping Ridge on in and please don't go
ahead shopping all it's great that you
have to shopping in I was like gone like
what are you talking about
so you guys have actually seen her hug
before I've seen it cuz I don't see it
all the time I just assume that it's
nothing personal I him we don't you
pretty much see everything that goes on
anyway so you know do any bits obviously
like if I happen to you know record
something like the front of my house or
you know exactly where I work or
something specific that I might really
want it out there you know but
everything else is kosher well I just
think it's really funny cuz you guys
actually seen it before I did I didn't
know what you guys were talking about so
I just thought that was funny at the
elephant - oh my Pekka pigs on operation
it's like a modern one I love clear I'll
say the best forever
that looks modern oh yeah yeah I gonna
drop it
I love ball games he never let me play
war games
forget the iPhone check this out check
out the iPhone let's knock the phone
that's good it's this guy yeah you
there's nothing
you wondering what the hell are we doing
and the Toya well it's promised I have
no idea and they just sort of walked
over here and now was already here
oh my god it says on it was it's a
girl's best friend dude you're not too
practical max oh you know on this one
no so as a webcam webcam man you know a
bad cameras are old-school
chatting and secret secret chats best
kind of chats of secret chats yeah cuz
I'm a boy I is it's raining hoodlums or
a pack of hoodlums wouldn't want to mess
with us
oh you would not do you know what I do
Oh bleep vlog you in the head smack ian
had a new vlog we're at beam all right
said that a while ago I was like did you
just say red beam yeah I said right
because there's a red beam there then
Shh
you don't have any hair anymore to go I
never had heard but I was able to what
sit around like that what makes a living
relationship work I'll tell you what
folks that's one wifey don't things like
this oh yeah that's the stuff that's the
stuff that legends yeah on the toilet
like out the back of the toilet is a
thing of matches I just won wait can you
guys hear that go do that now oh my no
pass I just want to clarify in case of
one's like looking at his favorite thing
and wiring me on to new questions if I
actually answer all the questions that
you guys have there so far and what will
happen is that all the people on the
other side of the world who are probably
asleep or you know and like when I when
I wake up in the morning that's when I
get a big book of questions so one of
the news in there dude tomorrow is vlog
because it's fair to give everyone a
chance also know we're doing tomorrow
better check out the PO Box and see we
got a 10-10 what do we didn't got
nothing oh my go there and I'm like so
so there's nothing here for you right so
we're just gonna be first somebody could
be on that PO Box wall tomorrow cuz I
think like I'll just go tomorrow and
then maybe I'll leave it for another
week or or if you like you sent him you
can you can let me know you don't have
to you don't have that it's it's it's
private it's up to yourself but it could
be sitting on a pole wall tomorrow night
be kind of cool but we're gonna do
question time tomorrow so answer time
sorry answer time is tomorrow
question time was today yes yes and this
probably gonna be a short one today
because we've done because I'm gonna
watch the event I mean you guys see that
also this is new Bioshock coming I know
you don't care but I care I just saw
from tweeted from Gamestop and they're
like oh here's a nine minutes of the new
Bioshock which is like October natural
2012 but what oh man
be so cool looking forward to playing
that did someone ask me why to go I
never actually I don't even write it up
but he asked me was Red Dead Redemption
any good um I have to say red emanation
is totally awesome because it's
free-roaming you can do a review on Plus
comin out Sunday where I just spent the
higher they do nothing else but playing
Red Dead Redemption you can pretty much
assume that it's a good one if I do
nothing else for the day yeah but you
played the game
maybe I should like review video games
or something now be cool how you display
video games all day long all the time I
don't know unless you play video games
you can understand I'll let you know
what my new favorite thing to do now on
YouTube I came across this guy called
the birds and basically they're like a
group of people and under on the birds
lock newsletter if you better know who I
am they are so funny
the it's like it's just basically I
think they're like promoting and this
capture and card that uses all pc-based
stuff it's so funny like the commentary
when they're playing zombies um and it's
so funny it's really funny and it's like
I just started watching one of them and
then I watch another one and I'm like
addicted to it I'm gonna few just
watching so much I'll but I don't know
it's kind of like you just watch your
book you get in on the books because
you're playing you know you got the
headset you're chatting someone else you
share doing it well this is like you can
hear all for the players talking away to
each other like it's just so funny I
don't know probably not your thing could
be your thing if it is your team check
it out just due to like zombie custom
maps the birds are a man Thunder run is
the girl she's really funny lock locks
or something I was one of the guys and
Dominator guys but I found it to the
birds and then I subscribe to them and
all of them and I just think they're
hilarious to be funny but how many of
you like games if you don't like games I
don't know if you like it okay alright
so go to watch er apprentice
go and watch the event not sure which
one's gonna be better
what do you think is gonna be better do
you guys watch the Irish apprentice if
you're from Ireland or just watching
American Apprentice what it is like how
do you think today was back on and I was
like so happy because it wasn't like a
Celebrity Apprentice because doesn't
have really anything like celebrities in
it it's always just like who what and
it's always crap because they're like
ting concerned about their own image and
blah blah blah but this is like this is
like myself a night in Washington there
it was this like Miss America girl or
something like that and she was really
like you shook like yeah we should have
like Chantal blue
Saten Chanel because that my gender
Cynthia should kind of like Cynthia
which is really really hot and then
everyone was like so mean to her
all the other girls like gang up on her
knee over dishes like so let's see the
Irish branches is as vicious but I don't
think so I don't think it's funny
yeah yeah I think I've got some back to
this it was such screw you man if you're
watching screw you man screw y'all what
clean the car team the color leave a
comment if you support team Nicole bring
back Nicole that's never gonna end well
