b101 and it is lashing rain well that's
no way to start another 100 off visit
like come on guys
cuz it's as if it's your fault I'm say
come on guys you know what's the what's
the story with all the Halloween feels
more like November oh it's not Thursday
well that kind of is except it's Tuesday
which is very similar to terms they have
a lot in common they're like they're
like distant cousins
although maybe don't more like brothers
like bro hose bro huh what are you guys
up to on this Tuesday morning
even though you watching this on
Wednesday see what you guys up to on
this Wednesday morning it's cold dark
and rainy Wednesday morning which you've
been funny if tomorrow it's actually
extremely sunny and you're sitting there
alone why is this crazy
El Paso talking about
let me tell you guys it's crazy a Paso
Union is for 101 days
that's experience I'm an experienced
blogger a V lover so surely someone
asked me about all learn to answer those
two questions and stuff and we were
going to do that before but I suppose I
kept forgetting or 300 million tasks so
I never actually got around and actually
getting to you guys questions so what I
was thinking of doing is why don't we do
it now not like right now but right now
if you have any questions right and I'm
gonna answer like the kind of top five
or top ten quite a pump five five
questions I hate your pathetic mind to
like ten questions I gotta heal because
once you get some water it gets too
noisy by the answer like ten questions
or twenty questions just like in good
question so I asked for something stupid
but if you ask me something good
then I shall answer a question yeah so
ask me anything you'd like to know but
it in the doobly-doo and
I will answer that question I'll read it
tomorrow so I'll answer like in the next
video after that the video that you're
watching right now okay before we left I
didn't film it because this kind of late
but she came all the way down so that
was fine and she's really nice and we
had booked it like six weeks ago so she
but anyways now we're going to the
seasonal shop to get some Halloween
stuff and that's the place that I don't
know if you watch another video where
Jonathan and I mentioned that well I
mentioned that they got really excited
about it's an era I'm going there with
my mom who's driving so yeah
dinner's I should probably take pictures
of it too
Oh when's it open only Friday yeah okay
thanks it's not opening
I know one doesn't you need to play dark
balls and Elise maybe that's for the
guard dogs yeah
it only opens on Friday
first time she's at Franco proximate
like only Fridays
like I didn't know it was new well we
found in the main shop because Hamleys
has done like shop we found some
Halloween stuff so but I can't wait for
the actual shop to open I'm getting a
question
and we got some honey sexy reflecting
Alvey and and
yeah
you smell nice that smell is really late
said lots of for ages
okay so we left
Albie at home and we're going to Liberty
Grill which is a really good restaurant
place in court to meet my sister could
you just start a college and it's her
first week so we're meeting her for
lunch
so I just got home from shopping and
melodies smear hi Ozzie and he his face
is all wet because he always barks a lot
when I need so we went shopping and I
actually bought a ton of stuff oh yeah I
made a mistake and I know this is not
the style night Channel and it's not my
fashion channel where I do halls and
stuff but I wanted to show you what I
got I'm in a mistake I got an iPhone
cover we're just so cute because it's
got like cupcakes on it
and then it's got two cupcakes on the
front but it's for iPhone 4 I don't know
but and I have an iPhone 3 so that's not
gonna work which sucks what else is
again there's a paper chasin anywhere so
I've got a lot of stuff better I got one
of these journals just for like oh I got
this postcard which I thought is so me
says damn right I'm good in bed I can
sleep for days cute and then I got these
they're for your keys so they're like
caps I really like the pink one
especially and I think that's it
yeah that's what I got from Paper Chase
and then oh yeah if you go into Paper
Chase
they have like this 10% off feature that
you can get for online shopping so I got
one of those what are you doing excuse
me excuse me what do you think you're
doing
what do you think you're doing 30 please
okay what else do they got
so upstairs in the bedroom I recently
kind of put the rest of what we have to
put away away like clothing wise so now
our chest of drawers are so empty like
it just looks kind of wrong so I got one
of these you and I can both go into it
through that and then oh my god
Jonathan's pray with me and it's just
video he's probably gonna edit all this
out because he thinks this stuff is
boring but I know that a lot of you are
girls that watch so I know you don't
think this is cool um what else did I
get I got a cushion oh when I got one of
these they're cool they're like I'll
show you what these are
see that there there's smelly things you
pour the oil into the but usually you
pour the oil into of us or like a little
jar and then you put sticks in and it
your O'Malley carrot carries it through
the sticks cuz they're wooden and then
how do you like this yeah so I thought
that would suit you might put it
actually young enough I don't know
thank you why are you doing you're gonna
rip that open per month from them every
time we get something like in the post
they always love is ripping it open and
then once it's ripped open he doesn't
care about it um oh when I got now me
respond my mom got me all this by the
way she's really generous in case you
hadn't noticed from previous videos like
everything that whenever I go shopping
with her she always insists on paying
for everything which is so much zipper
so I got an aloe vera plant that I'm
gonna put in the bathroom and I'm also
gonna put this in the bathroom so got
some bathroom stuff and then what else
oh my got a plan
my other plan oh you don't remember
thing but but I should take it out and
putting water it
what kind of messy oh this can pull me
in here in this one room that's pretty
yeah that's nice um and then if that was
it
Oh without one Halloween decoration I
don't even know what it I think it likes
off any of you guys know what this is I
think that like so cuz it's not like
it's gonna batteries in it foot it's got
an on-off one so that's pretty cute I
have a few Halloween decorations now
actually and I think that's it yeah
that's pretty much it so now I'm gonna
take out this for walk and Doris the
actual pillow okay okay cutie pie
oh I love you so much you are disgusting
yes I'm gonna take you for a walk now
cuz he's probably really like charged up
because that's pretty much it so what
kind of day did you guys have
I wanna go serve monotony czar the same
old same old
you know nothing too exciting happened
although it's it's not freshly but all
the clubs and societies stuff's going on
then in uni so it's a bit crazy at the
moment parties your lunch break bands
playing how can anyone get anything done
no one can even hear me but hey it's
better than I suppose working as a
butcher because then you have to chop
animals up before a living and that's
probably probably not a fun job guys it
is it was sunny minute ago it has
actually started to rain I don't know if
you can see the raindrops in mine my
super duper camera probably not so it's
home time time albian mommy did Oh
because haircut today
yeah I can't wait to go home and see him
he's always so cute when he gets a good
Wow okay these cute all the time
we're like hair cut buddies you're the
king of that you're the king of that
you're the king in a castle or something
oh we must be the king of the castle or
some thing or are there Oh No just let
me just illuminate the situation here so
you've got a little bit of a toilet
paper issue here let's move over here oh
no oh no I'll be my friends like you've
done that she's probably going to disown
you you'll realize that have you done
honey okay guys I to making the taste is
thing in the world we don't know that it
get yourself some of this my Cambridge
bread put it in toaster lots of
McCambridge bread so I need you tight a
little bit of cheese though cuz I'm no
cheese for everyone make it work make it
work I'm told guys oh that's such a day
a hundred and one thing to say like
season 2 episode 1 season 100 or
something oh god I think I got turn the
lights on and stuff I almost almost is
going to turn the heating on these guys
that in California wherever like what
the hell is heating well it's this thing
that we do or we have to heat or
houses because it gets cold
oh you decided to okay well if you're
leaving there I'm gonna get this I'm
gonna get it ollie why do you like that
so much why do you like that so much
what do you think of all of these
haircut mommies probably said something
about that already
oh he's a good boy you're the best boy
geez all right
time to make some no nose we're going to
try and not go to Tesco so we're gonna
live a brown bread for the rest of the
day someone asked me there they sent me
a message right and I never seen em they
just set up YouTube channel and like how
do you should you tutorials I showed you
today so what should she do really like
you should do whatever the hell you want
you know you wanted a mouse today though
you wanted tutorials digit or it's 100
funny things do skits do comedy just
talk to people just express yourself
just do whatever you really want to do
no one can really tell you there's no
like guideline as to how to do it right
but there is one secret all right
there's one very very special secret
that I can add a second all right
there's one really really important so
you know I'm gonna go say this one's
okay what
okay now I'm not gonna repeat myself
okay so take that in advice take that
information and do what it as you please
oh I love the smell of this one
especially ground ground underground I
don't know I don't know but I do what do
you what I do know is trouble jumping up
stairs there are the troubles making
such a racket today so as I said this
morning leave any questions you guys
have for us anything or not any question
in the entire world you want to answer
you want us to answer leave it below and
if it's a good enough question we're not
like you know remaining if it's good
enough we're like if everyone asked the
same one question then we're not gonna
ask everyone's individual or derivative
of a certain question but you gotta ask
any questions you want and I will reply
to them but I'll read them all and then
in tomorrow's video no because this will
go up tomorrow in the next day's video
I'll go and have to read them all I'll
answer them all but if they you see the
plot before it I was like yeah I'm gonna
do that here and let's go ahead and do
that but then there was like a hundred
videos plus there are fifties they got
150 videos of sporadic questions for me
to go through and try and pick up on
them it's too much it's too much so on
this video if you guys leave any
questions you have on this video for us
we'll just go ahead and answer them it's
that simple it's that simple I'll be
doing what's going on here I'll be
Alvie what's that what's that
what are you doing what are you doing oh
goodness oh goodness me
okay so I gotta go and sort this out
