who's a lazybones
those are lazy ones who was that
lazybones who's little lazy bones are
you lazybones
get your leg just hanging just hanging
about hanging about huh he knows mom has
to go look you enough you'll stay if I
like you or not feel stay nice you sure
you got there get some coffee
let's get some coffee Fifi guys try and
ignore the fact my hair is just a little
bit extra cool today do you think it
looks extra cool loving lovey oh I'm
having bananas and Weetabix I think it's
not for me is it no no it's not for me
it's not for Nathan I get all your
comments telling me that Brett go fast
oh I will I will guys because you said
so okay what I was thinking right this
is this is what I was gonna go it I was
going with something like the Cambridge
Brown Brad what do you think we came
from brown bread for breakfast happy
nice also guys look I'm gonna put this
up today I'm gonna put this somewhere
around here anywhere it doesn't really
matter anyone's in place and I said
whatever doesn't really matter all right
with my manly hammer and nails a city
point debt and a handyman a handyman
okay I think there's enough in there
where I happened to make the beans that
means them beans make me a part
that's an award for the best boyfriend
in the world
Beyonce goes to me accordion here making
mamas lunch three little tomatoes
peppers chicken mayo easy on the Miracle
Whip she forgot that years ago easy on
America whip wasn't had years ago
you guys remember there was in the US or
was in Ireland or where it was I import
any cheese in it I would not I would not
I would know better I would know better
i'm a hoodlum today guys because my hair
is just not it's not working with me so
I've gone all hoodlum like wash your
hair with that come on work this isn't
some slow mojo driving now and I can I
can go as fast as the wind just one day
one
I don't like yet it's just if you if you
tell do witnesses and then you such a
maker upper half an hour and if we were
to aqui accumulate all the hours that I
spent waiting for you I think
everybody always seems common some jars
inside nobody's ever on my side and I
wonder my fault that I had to make you
wait she didn't tell us they didn't have
my phone could have to put our phones in
a different place you guys feel guilty I
have got a little bit guilty now oh it's
not your fault
last week I specifically asked her could
I text you could I go down together room
and can't my phone and text you because
last time you were waiting for hours and
I did and then I did text you telling
you what time and then you were late
might wait forever
don't look at me is you guys fault you
guys said don't go okay so today what
time what you came yeah how about how
about you text me yeah just tell you
like that's how it is like well that's
tank two dishes powers theory this is
the white team for generation oh boy
well listen to me okay girl my brother
will wait your wait a minute and that's
how things are rotten okay this is my
new place this is my new voice this is
my Sunday boys we're first here we're
late last week were first here today
hmm hope I get home to get the thumbnail
done oh yeah I just up that means you
should dude blog post about that
hunt it oh it's not fuii and it's gonna
calm
nobody go cards
come on you got cards I come bring money
up with me next time yeah okay I have to
remember that I need about fifty year
old guys if you guys remind me how are
you gonna remind me because this is the
next day we need some sort of a live
feed we just need to feed I'm hungry
that's because I was making your lunch
that's why Hana Kennish n√°jera
in her car cake artist bundle condom I
said before
probably seems like I've just dropped
Anna off but as a matter of fact I'm
actually on a collector it is twenty-two
five guys I had all these plans today I
was putting up War I
yeah I was doing all these he's
wonderful tasks you know so I come back
and I'm like uh and as I hear I was like
I just have a quick a quick you're a Red
Dead Redemption um like see you know I
happened to notice well now I did upload
the vlog okay and I did puppet um no
honey uploader style i video I'm play of
Tom Mills but I happen to just play Red
Dead Redemption the next thing you know
it is like 5 o'clock well it's quite a
fight now and it is time to go so today
I did nothing but play at the
PlayStation but you know some days some
days you gotta do that you know not play
a Playstation because I might be a thing
but sometimes you gotta just like watch
TV all day or I don't know read a book
all day or paint a painting whatever you
know some things you just gotta do
nothing and a date doing nothing
sometimes it's quite a nice day you know
like you have all these days where you
jam packed in so many activities and
stuff I died you know but sometimes you
need those days where you do absolutely
nothing
nothing is achieved whatsoever and you
kind of feel okay about it cuz I feel
okay about it if you don't care about do
nothing today
yeah you guys JEP do you ever have that
especially on Sundays Sunday's are
especially magical nothing day it wasn't
for the fact that Ana has to go to these
makeup classes I don't think I get out
of bed okay we'll get our backs at our
theater room but so we're here on time
which is fantastic but Ana is now yeah
and I can actually that's me talking I
can actually see through one of the
windows I think that is Ana in the
middle of her class
she's got her hair tied back and I think
she's at work down hard what are you
doing Albie was just reading some of the
suggestions you guys had for air the 100
a recap will be kind of fun wouldn't it
I could download although I'd have to
download a hundred videos that part that
part would not be fun having to download
a hundred videos avi especially in our
crappy internet mm-hmm download a
hundred videos and then like edit a
montage that will be really cool
actually I'd love to see that but not be
really fun
from the moment where I was like guys
I'm gonna try to do this daily blog
theme for like what I say first like a
month or something wasn't it
and had I progressed to a hundred days
like that'll be kind of cool isn't it if
I kept all the vows fighting keep up
come on guys I get 100 I'm like it's too
much too much too much for me I'll be
telling y'all guys how we met and all
that stuff we've kind of done that
though haven't we most of us people
already know those answers
someone left a comment there and they
were like oh I saw you guys outside
knock on ty and Douglas like you should
have said hello or did you say hello or
did you drive by and just like hey you
know because we won't bite you I'll be
might bite you might get barked at you
you probably would bark at you unless
you had a dog you have a dog you're okay
but if you don't have a dog and you just
come up and start talking to us
your brother barked at you but that's
okay we decided to walk around a park
area a little bit while we're waiting
because it's kind of boring to sit in
the car but it's nice okay thanks
whitter today it's not cheap hot it's
not too cold and being in here beats
sitting in a car anyway so much
especially on Sundays then there's like
the worst day to sit in a car don't you
think we know doesn't work and it's
sunny because it adds extra duckiness
look at my fancy makeup avi with you
like I do actually we did evening makeup
this is evening makeup it's made of like
an evening time oh my god the curse is
so dead on this camera yeah because I
looked at yours areas acne no just
looking at us a second ago compared to
the yeah yeah god yeah we're gonna get
new cameras gonna create new camera soon
anyway guys so I feel like that is some
sort of a bad or something oh no oh no
what you making for dinner honeybunch
oh yeah do you know I remembered which
you totally forgot about you stinking
new nincompoop did you look in here
recently open this stinking nincompoop
okay okay love you Bob
look it's like pizza day you know Friday
like I'm saying like a lazy day I think
the best thing to do is order a pizza
and hoo and behold two large pizzas is
cheaper than two medium pizzas
what kind of universe does not make any
sense
it was ridiculous anyway oh yeah so call
the people who gave me some good
suggestions what to do on 100th day you
know and I was like to do the
computation do it give it like what do i
do you know I want to want to mark the
occasion with some event you know and
then I think you're drawing what I do
and it's something cool I'm gonna shake
my hand well I'm not gonna shave my head
because that sounds like pretty intense
part I'm not gonna like it'll be no
scalp showing because I used to always
said my head from like about five or six
years my man Anna I did it's why like
just really really tight but just cuz
I'm kind of bored with the hair the way
it is and I think that would be kind of
interesting just to just to kind of mark
the 100th day to have a super-tight
haircut
you know um yeah so tune in tomorrow for
that event because this will be 99
although today is 98 this is actually 99
cuz ago that's raro so when I get home
from University on Monday Monday night
myself and my assistant so am what it
would look good or to look bad or look
better or what it look worse I guess
we'll have to find out tomorrow I'll
hope you guys are having a sensible meal
this afternoon if you are please look
away because num num noms okay guys I've
got to go and do something really really
important for the next little while I
can't explain to you the importance
