okay guys so we're gonna head out to
Wilton because okay let's go let's go
what is that that smells funny
smells like Sun cream Oh guys
fair - was absolutely rubbish I gotta
admit I wonder if rage is right this is
the problem right I wanted it and then
then I couldn't have it no one had it
and I was like what and it was like no
sorry sir we don't have that so let's
not get any more annoyed because they
wouldn't have it so it's absolutely
rubbish
I must admit but from when we lived in
donkey I have so fast I have these funds
that I've never done anything wait so
Red Dead Redemption sounds good horsies
guns
Wild West be Rome what could possibly go
wrong because throwing for black ops
okay we're all waiting for black ops
which is like another two months away
but Medal of Honor is next month but
then it's what to do between then so
we're going right there redemption plus
I can get one pre-owned for like half
the price so it's all the wing wing wing
wing wing movement so redneck Wilton to
do deck up also guys this is like
this is gonna be 98 98 holy crap two
more to the hundred guys two more to the
hundred
whoa we have to celebrate I wanna
celebrate something awesome something
amazing some amazing party time I don't
know what do we do hundred give me some
suggestions
why should I do for my hundredth video
what should I do
leave me some suggestions into Worlds
and we go I didn't actually intend to go
to Wilton actually I was gonna go up to
Beijing San
first but I got confused yesterday it's
the hospital that's my guys
that's right had mine you saw deeper
colors of Johnny I think this is so
weird it's like it says high street but
he says it in that Broadway parking spot
for get the feed shot Bobby were here
he'd be like yep yeah at the window
right and now he'd be honking he's
walking away yeah I'll be does that
whatever he's if he sees somebody like a
stranger or just a random person walking
if they come up to him he'll get quiet
but when they walk away he barks at them
cuz you're the coward like you wanna
hear you coming in right
come on znz oh yeah why it's good
it's a good open ask
yeah thanks oh yeah yeah come find him
over there though all right
1:54
you've no new ones better okay man's
like oh honey get the new ones
oh well go on so oh no actually they're
out for Xbox too so what what are you
trying to tell me oh man like so
obviously it's good no one's dropping it
back that's always a sign of a good game
yeah I know I think
happy that you got your game
see that other thing you chew in no
that's a code to get everybody game new
you always get a code which gives you
like extra stuff but you buy three on
one you never get that that seems like
for next to fiver I get all the extra
stuff you know you want to get rowdy
oh I think that's the nicest one I never
look okay in a room as well oh
definitely worried yeah you've got me
I'm gonna do you guys I heard you guys
better rubber ducky one
groan of shower not one okay get the
pepper one do not think our life is
complete what hangers I know
descanse no no I can't replace them I
couldn't find them onesies
oh no I'm not supposed to be here
the little just like a boyfriend
shirt time to think oh my god guys I've
been around way too long I know the
names of some styles of clothing
oh my god yeah but these little booties
for whom we're looking at that war i
crying Nana was like oh I want to get
these for my room since 2004 your room
and I was like ah no because the
subscriber wall so guys I am expecting
some beautiful artwork from you guys
okay watch like this and they just went
oh my god for her wall so it's got to be
something similar but produced by
yourself obviously or not I don't really
mind or a picture of a dog or picture of
you
I think remaining or going but you got
to make my wall look cooler than Anna's
wall okay I got some tax thing gonna put
on yourself up so she Anna's well in a
bit and we'll be able to see Marge going
around that's like the world's smallest
file what is that for what the hell I
was like the smallest file in the planet
get a final thanks oh wait a minute cool
stuff whatever look right here guys look
awesome
Hey all right guys here's the challenge
of today's question this file was in a
video right don't tell them this file
was in a video that we did now it's
under the floof channel it was a while
back before daily vlogging began right
if you can tell me the name of that
video you are with nothing but my
admiration and respect okay and we're
doing guys here it's from Charlotte but
that doesn't that that doesn't come into
the video it was like in in I say
nothing I say nothing
but yeah you are yesterday with your am
flight of the conchords a couple of
these guys got that right in the
concourse they tremens our dad I love
that show I was so sorry and ended it's
like you get many guys like watch a
rhettandlink rhettandlink on youtube if
you haven't Google or YouTube them ran
link they are so funny to do all these
songs they always have me laughing I was
actually only watching it this morning
but this guys are really funny but
they're very like flight of the
conchords and they're afraid of
Conchords gone this watch right link
always it is right you coming in a
motorway hey you guys know park right I
want to go through
oh you guys yo guys you guys I wanted to
go to p.o box 211 right fashion I ended
up down in mom and style.i its place
because I keep going to mom and star
lights and in my house are you confused
sometimes in coming off working there
like one exit on the motorway away from
where we live and then I just I took the
exit and then I'm just driving along and
then I'm like where the hell all right
I'm not supposed to be here autopilot
kicks in or something and you just end
up driving know what that was is like
snarf
this is no creature like a Nova's name
I'm telling her Nana guys what'd she do
okay it was a mistake
oh it was in the stage it was a big
mistake guys I'll garlic pesto because
we need to get some supplies and then
I'm going to play this like I never came
before what look at you you got popcorn
on your face the witness is everywhere
hey gonna clean that up now no you're
not
guys check it out look at I got run that
and then you can't see it anymore but
that black curtains because it'll help
with creating the false light over here
for the green screen because what you
wanted to be able to block out all the
light and then use the green screen
light to light it up because you see the
color in the green screen it becomes
much more see that anyway writing of
another oh yeah I will do it tutorial
like oh yeah you know what else it's
sitting here but it's processing it's
not gonna done so ivory uploaded in a
second time so I'll be wondering why the
vlog is late on this Saturday Eve that's
why this blog is later on this Saturday
Eve okay
oh the texture we go today oh the Tesco
we go off the Tesco we go today the
texture we go home Anna are you ready
you go to school today are you ready to
go to Tesco today go and we are going to
test don't you get choked up see Munchie
Munchie gonna mine the house right now
yes he's a good boy he's a job my mind
in the house
also guys just to note and there's a lot
of work to do because she has to
organize a multiple amount of photo
shoots I'm just the camera guy and the
post-production expert man so if you
ever see Anna tell her to get back to
work because she's probably not doing
her job where are your keys where are
the keys
Mikey you see Mikey oh yeah yeah yeah
it's very important that we fight in the
morning before Hanna goes to makeup
school and we spend the day alone
thinking about what we've done and we
collect each other then we try to be
really cold let me eat you today
I don't know I am NOT you're gonna have
to be you gotta bring an extra coat
tomorrow because I feel like the humans
are that you are gonna have to bring an
extra coat smart because I am NOT going
guys tell her I'm not I'm not
oh wait a minute I've already gone or
something it's time whose time to flux
capacitor transfer to whoever to the men
scoff ho don't you
stop talking to red
