you can define a stage these things okay
Jodie ciccone day 97 action okay so I'm
Joe Nathan all right what are you guys
doing in my room no no cut what I need
to be funnier
I'm sorry yeah you need to invite more
user anticipation i'll be i'll be i'll
be look cute okay man I'll be you okay
Frank Frank Frank look at me okay Frank
and actually look cute look cute thank
you I need to look you need to look sure
gah sake look we're getting another job
we can get another job anytime yeah I
mean I think you're piling on the pants
yeah definitely yeah is there any tape
lose 10 pounds Frank that's how much i
wany mom that's not good you need to
lose 10 pounds no you don't start tons
it's taking a daily booth picture thank
you daddy good picture guys I just
walked on I want in I'm taking a day
with you guys but you guys are sitting
there and I was like okay oh gotta turn
to the light guys you gotta look good
and overexposed you ever find it
difficult to take it yeah just have an
iPhone because the buttons here like
sometimes I think it kind of goes it
moves got it
that's see how do we do guys I can't see
anything
all right close that looks oh that's
probably like I think that's not going I
read a book today guys because I didn't
make it
you'd make it my hunger I'm hungry Evo
you don't eat breakfast leave comments
telling Jonathan I am grabbing a healthy
breakfast today guys
okay I'm sick and tired okay eat wheat
effects this is sweet
Oh sweetie look it's got a weave in it
it's got we did it leave comments
telling Jonathan to eat breakfast this
always happens at about 12 or 11 he gets
really hungry and then eat something
unhealthy like a muffin or hockey I love
your latest video and I agree everything
you say he said that Siana
okay I need to take these thank you
scream looks very huge hello my frankly
from when I showed Kate like a tour of
the house the new house I showed her in
here and she walked in and she was like
what how she's like um is it a computer
screen you didn't know what to say
that's the world
alright folks let's get some dinner
under go make the woman to make the mood
what have you guys said anything for
this you ever smell this because when
Anna dyes her hair like the entire house
is like filled with the smell of sound
off muezzin it's like okay this look a
complicated this is what step one I
can't focus
keep on gloves use applicator bottles Oh
blah blah blah blah blah extra lighting
shade safety instructions safety safety
instructions
it's a smell this man has just got all
know the gloves are out guys gloves have
been taken out one cloves are out shake
that bottle shake yourself I look at
this together he's back away back away
what's up in the window the computer
it's hibernating there's 25 minutes 25
minutes hey I need my phone that's it
guys we're done we're out we're out
watch we're out we're done we're done
for fun for I got it no it's charging if
you have a what there's a watch so I
took my life in my hand I get up
narrator I have fun I'm fun without me
oh hi Frank
guys laughing no you tell him you tell
him no I made a funny guys and it's very
inappropriate funny so we just got a
call that Erica stand in the hospital
and see you H because she was playing
basketball yesterday I think she like
dislocated her shoulder or something
like that um I don't know it could be a
sprain or something she's going to get
an x-ray but she's okay she's okay but
and I got a big fright when she rang him
so I got a long time but she's not she's
not dying she's just got a broken
shoulder funny I'm in a broken shoulder
I taste a dislocation but I don't know
if you guys have ever dislocate yourself
I know that when I used to play Gaelic
and Roby and stuff as a kid we
anticipated more time and the coach to
come over like punching the arm and it
would go back in his place you'd be told
to get back up I suppose it's different
for like a 12 year old girl and it's
probably like scary plus but and I got
and I got more of a fright so she was
all crying and I was all trying to tell
her it was okay but I was always mean an
insensitive or defensive he sent two
guys this one at i5 an hour traffic type
we're going into Java get out
so Erica if you're watching this this is
what we're doing for you it's the kind
of sacrifices we do haven't actually
beaten him before well actually to be
honest I wasn't here before
ages ago when I was in college I was
running some or scpi Royal College of
Surgeons audit program thing to get my
thumb's but since then I have been there
boom so and I would say just go so I
don't know where what but car park part
one
part one what I have to pay if the pay
hmm guys you know what the problem is
every time we're going to work on car
parks my window doesn't work the window
doesn't work breaks my heart because I
must get out of the car excuse me please
2 euro v she better be bloody worth 2
euros 50 I could do to your 50
none of my legs like this disabled
parking and then there's parking with a
baby where's like YouTube partner
parking there's a lot of packing there's
a lot of bargain
I'm thinking the one by the tree looks
good I have a good feeling about the one
by the tree anta crashing I think I know
a little bit just let it roll back hate
going in hospitals guys because if
you're not sick and you go into a
hospital that's your best chance of
getting sick so let's go you should like
Toy Story
no no we'll be with the kiddie stuff
here
this is like the biggest elevator in
history besides we found their way their
grandeur Bible we're going so hard to
find your way around
she's pretty good radiology PET scanning
and a for general intensive therapy
general supplies emergency department
emergency anything good
somebody's iris girl and her dog
we're trying to find the car for this
goddamn c CU h place absolutely massive
so we're trying to find a way back but
erica is okay as you guys I don't think
we're ever going home
seriously your life we won't coach you
we I suppose you took an elevator we
walked about five minutes your hospitals
where right now we'll just go around a
long way not the long way with the
outside way I think I know I never
remember that
I know here oh I hope so everyone hope
so
Strickland or dancing this is free
oxygen March diesel for tractor pump
yeah so M Erica's okay it was this who's
a sprain wasn't it wasn't too big of a
deal probably got a fright so you know
who live in the back see this guy's we
started here who I'm true here which you
can elevator down we went across now we
have to walk somewhere from here all the
way and to hear where the car is
somewhere look at that style diet you
can just squish her okay star bite my
hand like a style that doll how did you
beat me
you still going wrong way if you are and
it's going to get complete wrong way to
the wrong car part but her stubbornness
has forced her to continue on the wrong
path whereas I
the man has obviously gone the right way
and will continue the right way
I was joking a carpark because certain
people decided to validate their ticket
way ahead of schedule and so we're stuck
here that's a certain person PS Saudi
stinky sweat oh and it is not yet know
what's on her back of her pants because
she thinks I'm kidding
I ain't getting big watching
to find out I wonder if this will work
now somebody did that wrong it's better
work come on open your car door because
you don't you can't afford a car though
they're working window Oh little looser
score score Zeos now where are we going
Jonathan why I don't know some Indian
Italian restaurant somewhere in Bishop
Sanders the Chinese take wearing bishops
indeed there's an Indian takeaway in
Bishop's activity we're being told to go
there you know when your age so do you
want high or do you want indeed because
I'm
to choose I don't know we're just like
oh why is he running
no what's the wagamama knock on ty
although that one microfiber then we get
back your tie
then room I go where we go when we going
are we getting out where am I going
straight getting ellaby oh idiot
that's just fine fine hey guys I was
trying to make a decision there in the
light one way and read for theater
friends there
now we got time to get it we gotta get
not now I just live in there guys it's
Welton I still lived on wheels it wasn't
it was in court welcome present
practically did why you're so clingy you
never leave me alone with my son
you're the one who is like really
annoying and always hot in here
you're Noah god you're come back come
back quick responder just drive drive
exactly I can do it
magical skills my choice I'm not 30
years old and still doesn't know how to
cook 1987 I did my first cookery course
I found my parents did you have them
made you do cook recourses originally I
applied myself at Helia I had a role in
mind
yes
I completed eight years of
love us shock them us
okay honestly I feel so bad right now um
don't tell Jonathan I know that I'm
saying don't tell Jonathan even though
he's going to be editing this video so
it makes no sense but I just went onto
his um he left his iPhone here and I
have no credit so I just went on my
check my email and he doesn't like when
I do that because it wastes his credit
but I did it anyways because I'm waiting
for him right now he's collecting algae
so we can go get a high takeaway and
then bring it back to my mom says anyway
um basically I went on my face or I
checked my email and I just saw that so
many of you guys had left me comments
being like oh my god is your sister okay
and I felt really bad because all she
did was she sprained her shoulder or
wrist or I don't know if she has a
sprain anyway somewhere in her arm and
um it's because she was playing
basketball I think and she was doing PE
I think she just like badly sprained it
but it's really sore like she can't lift
her arm so um basically she gave me or
she called or no she texted me and she
said she was in the hospital and I kind
of freaked it and started crying because
I didn't know what was going on
obviously as the big sister you fear the
worst so um we went in as quickly as we
could to the hospital and it turned out
she got an x-ray she thought she had
dislocated her shoulder but she hadn't
it's actually a sprain so I just feel
really bad because just before I left
I had put out a tweet that said that I
just found out that my sister was in
hospital and I put a sad face because I
was really upset like I was crying and a
lot of you guys were really concerned
about her so I do apologize for that I
probably should have waited I don't know
what was actually wrong with her but um
she's fine so thanks to those of you who
left me comments and stuff like that and
tweets um so yeah she's fine but she
didn't really I don't think she really
wanted to be on camera because she was a
bit upset but she's fine
so yeah Jonathan's just gone to collect
lb and then we're gonna get food
Oh be good boy
we almost lived here these photos rumor
will up there like amicus and we went
themselves with Ronis apartments guys if
you ever are conned into looking at them
they are disgusting actually probably go
back to one of our early blogs and
they're like a hotel is I got
interpreted in hotel nice way a suite
buying our offices now we're gonna knock
on Thai
well snack and play its neck or teh I
used to work there right there
it used to be a baby boutique and
womenswear we take you to my store when
I was 18 Oh yummy
you know I have a fear of pregnant women
okay so no if I were going and I can't I
is always tricky we go up a bit more
what we should have pretty parked in the
for be mom's bloody hell when we look at
her place in there well yeah founder
delusion illusion guys all guys instead
we're in a bronx now you can't park in
here
yeah we've got here one time okay one
thing we are parking here so regardless
of whether you can or not we are you
want to wait here with all be positive I
don't even know I'm getting I just get
James Emma because I always get the same
as Emma so we have to wait outside for
mom because we're not allowed inside are
we
happy here oh goodness no idea where
he's being this way therefore Mamba
first mommy I'm going to put on the
mosquito I just got attacked by my nuts
with you know yeah mom irritating okay
young as you can't spell nuts what what
Brenda Douglas Community Park are
awaiting far because I said 40 minutes
come on in guys
forty minutes convenient before this is
all new well you can get a walk to the
Excel because you're a bad parent
simple as that every day you go to work
as a walk as I work to give him the
things that he wanted like give him the
good life need a good life
he's that Alvie you're never coming back
almost given up the idea of ever eating
again I've made a girlfriend as well did
you see the little uh a little white
girl look yeah yeah yeah
I will be
yes this
