guys look at this blackmail look at him
look at him if it's a Shivaree thing on
look at him look at this look at this
okay I'll be okay nothing we always come
back no you don't they don't they don't
but I'll be I'll be we have to go get
the PO Box for the wall and you know
people are gonna send you little cards
and they'll say hello Albie I knew there
to rip open things once you want to rip
things open oh okay okay we have to go
now okay
you gonna behave this is your boy okay
we're just gonna come right here now
okay
yeah you look pretty today
mm-hmm nice little outfit guys you know
date is I can wear a scarf day
what a cool it's gonna go um oh come on
come on good boy
now I'm gonna place you here okay stay
there
I'd be better if you stayed there Albie
because I don't want you to sit at the
bar
what happened to your bed Albie not
getting about to me I shouldn't even
about can you open come on there guys
there is a man or a woman I'm not really
sure outside the house I don't know if
you can see it well this big device came
like this big arm of a transformer and
something came up sit there do we know
like
look what that hell is that and you're a
we gots to go this mama style that put
this up I've seen coffee and some nice
stuff okay Abbi oh come on you gotta
mind the house okay come on okay you
know mind the house oh you know in the
county line he knows him the counters on
now we'll only be a minute would you be
a minute guys so we're down at the
market and hook up with mama style egg
because Pammy she's gotten hooked us up
with some math coffee which is kind of
Awesome because she's awesome like that
leave a comment saying mama Starla it's
awesome down modern pipelines from this
enormous
decent decent of all places drink up
you want to go into school train I've
never ever seen to train in a
shopping-center before
here it is nice
oh yeah the morning growler by the hand
of Mama starlight but a hundred women
stretch to the hand of Nina then they
give it back
that's right going into town I'll see
you later I'll grind you later for
cranes you up no I won't grind you up I
won't grind you up
I won't I promise no brunch Anna trunk
down
no not Montana run down into town we go
today
you know the Sun you know you know what
time it is just going to court with
maguro
we're going to court with my girl I
don't got my dog he's at home with my
whirl whirl oh really
okay I let you drive our diamonds I
think we're at st. John's st. John's
Church ins shootin
in st. John's Road in Bournemouth when I
was in University in the United Kingdom
by the kingdom acquaintance country and
when I did am I did this like animation
called jolly roly-poly I don't know it's
not my Johnson Jolie channel is gonna
check it out actually was Anna had come
up with like a nursery rhyme poem about
me it's like supposed to be bad once was
a boy called early early early so I got
this like professional a voice actor a
man to come in into the studio to record
the videos for it and I was like Newton
st. Johns Road but the guy was like he
lived in Johns Road I think it's
pronounced more the sts whereas we
brandy St has st. James you know so let
me know and you guys live in some Road
look that's court says quark city the
people from Clark Park onehans your car
corneum draconian we're looking for a
house right this is like or to 20 years
ago isn't it
when I always move I think is in like
yeah I think I wasn't like I was just
finished first year in college and I had
already met on like a little while right
so I was looking for like you know and I
spread my wings my house and this guy
right and he sat down and oh my god he
was such a depressing
Joey's alright buddy he called us like
he's like well now everyone has to view
would lunch going out after 11 o'clock
like him and not to be draconian or
anything it was like are you and I was
just staying
what is alright and it comes from like
ancient Greece rage yeah in ancient
Greece or something like that where like
they had some ruler College Draco a
condom or something and he was really
like by the book I think that's what it
means I'm like why would you even make
that reference this is the weirdest
thing ever like who's gonna know that
that hasn't studied like ancient Greeks
he is such a real time anyway oh my god
and the only reason I knew that is
because I had done it in the first year
yeah yeah yeah yeah he's probably like
pretensions theology studiers i was all
eyes we parked in we're both gonna be
was over here you guys remember that
you're walking through here looking up
here's your eyes does it sound like a
horror movie
it's a second years I'm walking there's
mine is more I know where do ya wuteva
overdone level three looks like a sign
to get to that before
my inner issue
gotta go back home because we needed
some documentation but we did not have
the relevant documentation so we had
some of the documentation but not all of
the documentation so it's gonna be
another year guys fourteen twenty
minutes so I'm not putting up I'm
holding off putting up today's video and
even though today's videos put up
seriously but I'm yeah because I want to
put in on a patient of the appeal box on
it but by the time you watch this you've
already watched yesterday's one you've
already seen it and you're like yeah no
we already saw it and we got it so what
are you talking about
well I'm just saying that here and now
in this universe even though you guys
are living in the past or am i living in
the future the future is now collect
food because we're like why don't we
just go and collect the food you might
as well as seen us we're gonna go back
have the lunch first and then did you
miss us Alvey did you miss us the Joey's
so excited are we coming too excited
that everyone's home he's a good boy
he's a good boy guys now for some lunch
so much deserve lunches I ever got DHL
delivery but we missed it because you
aren't here but that's all gonna change
with the popo box you gots the Popo in
fact message on my iphone guys
you know what from last like month or
something my dad I talked for somehow
the car had magically I don't know
healed itself or something because I
haven't had to put air in the tire but
we came at and so it's back to do
what's daddy doing
that was means it just sounds more than
it actually is
calm down
and bum mister nussbaum folks
so that's done
this is where I say something funny
oh okay also I don't want us to go to a
Halloween store we'll come back another
time
what is it honey yeah it's like why
isn't a Halloween store because it's a
season of shop and where do you see it
cuz I'm the pumpkin no look at the
windows when we go past a Halloween this
year
I'm going to dress I'll be up what are
you guys dressed up for Halloween
have you even thought about that yet
folks up I was a ballerina princess
Lincoln I'm dressing up as a warrior
killer king Obi give me a comment and
suggestions of what you guys think I
don't know about the devil though never
look cute but pumpkin well we could just
get a pumpkin and put them inside it
well I don't know guys I think he looks
to does it devil devil second no detail
how long has it taken you together this
way guys I think we're stuck in here
forever I think that guy is actually
just giving up and you can't see that it
used to be a pump well I hope he's got
excited because I was like Halloween
Halloween Halloween Halloween I mean
we're back in Cork City Center oh look
how much of calm didn't you say that
recently a core behind guys
tractor Joe tractor Joe or stuck behind
tractor Joe it's really sunny in court
at the moment but it wasn't Sonny and
you're on and so
just the way it is guys accept it
except this oh no I was
dr. Joe
I took the job I miss it down
waiting in the car for dad cause he's
betting the p.o box sorted out and we
had to wait in the car because we'll
Aldens not alive inside you know me
think oh boy the penis afford he'll be
daddy
who's 10
we're standing
go boy and it's super hot and sunny in
the car and I can't roll down Johnson so
we know because it's broken and if I
roll it down I won't be able to get it
back up again it's not gonna do that
and yeah
we're waiting so what's an equal cut
soon oh it's done guys I'll probably put
your dress somewhere else but you just
got it so it I had a choice of number so
only 211 it was like three five nine and
six one blah blah blah is like 211
uh-huh
211 is catchy 211 so P o box 211 to
Crawford Hall warrants for key Cork City
Ireland
I'll probably just tweet that now
actually I am I report Jonathan Jolie or
Anna saucony don't put Ali don't put a B
because the guy was like well you'd have
to get a business account if it's a
business which is like a billion euros
right so he said like I said too much
like you know like it's a community
Stephanie's like oh it doesn't matter
like if you get a minute like it doesn't
matter how many as long as the either
have my name or Anna's name on them like
he's really nice he's cool dude there's
a cool dude we get in trouble so I drew
up my name or and in the inside you can
put like if it's for Albie you can say
like for Albie but on the inside don't
put it on the outside put a real pouring
one on the outside girl Jonathan julia
noughton so Cody I'll actually open
I don't know we're new at this guys
excited so annotations which is probably
already on this video which is on essays
video which I'm gonna go home and do now
but are we all excited subscriber was
coming tonight
in hindsight and all behind us the tire
said to us to get about it I am out I am
kaput we've been sitting here for like I
don't know like a half an hour of 40
minutes
googling to find like a person you know
company that come out and fix the car
about nothing so I had the ring eleven
eight eleven
but I call 11 890 I don't know why I
didn't call everything 11 it got very
dark oh yeah so we're sitting there now
waiting for the man to come who's
hilarious though so he's gonna come and
save save our lives I am predicting avi
is probably not gonna like him I have a
hink link that he will not like him but
I whenever you know we're getting a new
tire we've indirectly got herself a new
tire but it was all for you guys we got
the p.o box mine came a moment ago and
scared to crap at albi but he's got like
some air remote control device so he's
gonna pump up the tire really quickly
and then we're gonna follow him and see
if we can make it all the way over to
his workshop or whatever and then like
he's gonna like put her probably
underground robot roll back to the
humans are dead these humans are dead Oh
common question of nuts how it is guys
if you can tell me who sing that he's
sing you sang that song you wrote that
song who performed that song where is
that song from we'll give you another
rendition make humans our dad one zero
one zero one zero that's the binary rap
no binary binary code binary rap binary
code solo zero one zero one zero one
zero one zero one zero
you might but is binary code I know
binary so 1 0 1 0 1 1 1 0 those humans
are dead
affirmative I touched one it was dead
yeah did you see him you don't think
he's that bad OHP Holden I forget your
memo brother
the phylum you I've done up yep I can
hear his to know you reckon you make
here
go go go
the hero man has come and saved their
nice you can hear it hit some good air
is like hissing out of it so you gotta
go we're gonna get our place when we got
to go now
all right second like numbers okay we
are guys Corbett tires check them out
the lifesavers they're our heroes
they're heroes this tire is dead
I know this is Biltz let's go down LV
something wrong with our tire it's
missing that's a good answer the ATM to
get money because of course they don't
take cards right it's like cash or check
who has a check
who carries a check around with them
checking account so an estate there what
LV that as make sure we don't run off
she can keep Albion out and if we are
very unfair so what it happens
no guys only in court would you get that
honesty right the guys is me
oh it's 150 right now Matt all right
he's like our 54 over is that confidence
kiddin I was like okay I'll go have the
ATM machine take out 150 thinking it's
gonna be 150 turns out that it's 70 but
I had 150 I liked Hanson 250 I was
walking away and all that kind of stuff
like man I love court
I've got Wissam for Albie a little seat
oh no stay there stay there that's your
seat let's go see ya guys listen up we
have got to say - Regina hardstyle
addict rude happy birthday because it's
her birthday today
so happy birthday to you I'll try to
give a shout-out to a cutie pie
double-oh-seven
because anna was in Wilton shopping
center yesterday and actually cutie pie
came up there and was talking away to
her and I wasn't there the blog he
wasn't there I wasn't here
look what I have to contend with you
think you're in the green screen if you
wrecked that if you write that that's
not what that's for that's not a toy
it's not what that know what you're
doing you're good you're doing stop it
anyway guys the subscriber wall is now
open for business
I will leave an annotation or peel box
which is Peter box
211 to Crawford Hall one's for ki Court
city our games begin
I wonder who's going to be first
together I suppose anyone from Europe is
probably
a lot quicker than modifying my skinny
what is it doing what exactly
exactly and that's what happened and
that kids it's why we don't play with
makeup you don't put makeup on them on
freken starlight get out of here let's
see you and a subscriber well you'll
never get in
I know don't do it don't do it don't do
it don't do it
