Morrow morning's just making a little
bit of Joseph missed it the hang of it
you put a little bit in make my mistake
of getting way too much in
I better than like the back lucky finder
is what I do that's that's just okay
blanston
he's a breakfast for chair
so I'm are you guys up to this Wednesday
morning Thursday morning for you
Wednesday morning for me oh look if it's
actually Thursday morning I'm getting a
peel box today but it's actually
Wednesday morning today so I'm actually
getting it tomorrow flat when you watch
this will be the next day so cool but
Nina made the Camino made chef Nina
Safina so guys this is probably gonna be
a short one today because my assistants
didn't do any logging today because have
you noticed a trend
in the beauty community in the world
because I certainly have because most
you guys probably came to my channel
initially from like the starlight and
like bananas getting on her vlog video
today and I put it up and she was like
oh my god up the comments you know like
127 comments you know star saw me and
it's like it always seems to always be
around like the beauty community or I'll
sees another video I kind of liked
another video back that's like poor
teenage girl like crying because
everyone's mean mean to her something
it's sort a comment that gets said
that's like oh my god like it's total
digital bullying like but it's only
seems to be within the beauty community
that's like that
yes sometimes it's a bitter hate but
it's nothing like and I don't like
honestly I don't really get a lot of
hate like you know the other time
someone's gonna say something mean to me
but a lot of time you don't and I really
respect that everything that's great but
you know it means that like you know
your audiences you guys are
participating you obviously enjoy the
videos that we do and stuff but I have
no idea why people hate so much like I
watch a lot of YouTube videos and most
of the times I don't even comment
because you know I just I don't comment
I just watch you know but I don't have
time you feel like I think I will
comment but
never come and say something horrible
and some of this stuff you know and I
just really annoys me you know and I I
remember a few months back I was when we
were in doggy I don't say about this
young girl that's all I closed her
account and she was being haunted and
plagued by these people and it was like
forms made up a better than all this
stuff and I was like oh my god I felt so
sorry for her
you know because bullying like it is so
horrible like you know and I'll be
honest like when I was in primary school
I was bullied as a kid like horribly
like and I went to a horrible primary
school like you know and then I used to
think like oh my god I used to hate
going to school every single day because
the same people would always say the
same crap and you feel so isolated you
feel so alone that everywhere you turn
there's just these people so mean to you
you know and I carried that for years
not really affected me as a person you
know and I I still carry that anxiety
like that feelings are still inside of
me I know what it's like to be like
physically bully and to mentally bullied
and to be picked on and humiliated and
people who say awful things and when I
see it when I see people putting out
videos and then other people like saying
like nicely do I get it like I get it
this is a form this is an open source
medium you guys can say whatever you
want and I I don't particularly mind
because you know I think anyone that if
you're playing as a kid when you go up
you you blaring you're quite tolerant
you know because you're gonna have to
get to a lot of layers
you know before you're going to get to
the real hurt but I'm very empathetic
you know and when I see people like
their same things and I see like
somebody being upset by down I think
like that's so unnecessary you know and
this is probably the first daily vlog
that I've done where I've actually
ranted about something but I just feel
really passionate about this cuz ages
ago when that happened I think that's
terrible and then we're in London like
oh my god like when I'll be lost his I
think was around then people were being
so mean to us like it was so horrible
and then on Twitter I would like I kind
of ran our names but like I wrote back
ups like would you please stop being so
rude then there was a video of a made
about how I was like bullying someone
being horrible to someone which is so
ridiculous just because I actually said
stop it because there's this thing like
when people say mean things whatever you
do don't reply in don't delete them or
they'll get even angrier something so
you just allow people to walk all over
you you allow people to say whatever
they want to you and it's just it kind
of it dampens the community bit and
that's what I wanted to create a channel
art daily vlog so I call you guys the
community I created a subscriber wall I
do all that because I want you guys to
participate in this experience this this
media that we have and every day we
communicate with each other and I read
your comments and somebody you guys made
me laugh all the time and sometimes I
smile sometimes you say really nice
things to me you don't want to say bad
things you know the other times someone
will come across and say something mean
but it just gets pushed down no one
cares no dan I see like alice-chan then
I see these other challenge that I said
oh my god check this grow that like like
those two sister girls in America I'm
like what why would you get why would
you hate on someone so much like I don't
know I just wouldn't I wouldn't and I
don't think my community I don't think
you guys would like from what I've you
know over the last like 96 days whoever
it is like you know what I've learned
from you guys that I don't think you
like that and I just wanted to say that
you know I think it's really really sad
that young kids are grown up and they're
watching you know other people say mean
things and they go hey it's cool to be
me so they'd be mean on YouTube and then
eventually definitely go safar tend to
go to school then the cliques to start
and then their be mean or maybe the
people that are being mean on YouTube
are the people that are getting bullied
in school and they're finding that the
only thing they can do to get theirs
back is to pick on other people and
which colleges get along click on help I
don't know if I just want to say that
guys you know I just wanted him you know
I have a voice I got I got 4140 you guys
and I subscribed to me and I feel that
like I have a voice and I just wanted to
say that you know mainly because you
know I'll stand up and say I was bullied
and I know what that's like and it is
horrible
it is horribly you cry yourself asleep
you spend days inside your head
it affects you it affects you and
although people think that it doesn't
affect you comments don't affect people
think like all these gucci girl girls
aren't affected by it i guarantee every
single common hurts and it's just not
nice and this you guys can take that
information and leave loads of nasty
comments about them like the haiti
people right now you can leave loads of
nasty comments if you want and you can
say whatever you want and I don't really
mind because I think it's you kind of
saying who you are you're saying a lot
about your character and you've got the
anonymity you don't put up videos you
don't put up calm you don't put anything
up you just say what you want and you
walk away and you know this just don't
get hurt well actually somebody does get
hurt somebody always gets hurt
