early enough there's a lot more internet
banking there's a lot more internet is
there yeah there's a lot more Internet
traffic guys it's a lot more internet
what what okay okay that's a wrap on
today's vlog guys alright from the top
all right guys there's a lot more
traffic today I keep saying internet
Rodriguez traffic hello traffic is Java
gets becoming known as Internet traffic
anyway our traffic in the road today I
think it's because um the university
that I work at I think it's fully back
now I know all the first years are
definitely and but there might be like
second interns in and a lot of them
probably drive and I thought the
problems gonna be the em the second your
school and like the primary stealing all
but ah up until like yesterday this is
perfect like it was never anybody in a
road and now all of a sudden right at
the little Junction coming this excuse
me
right at the junction coming up to the
University it has just become ridiculous
like you just cannot okay we're moving
nicely right now but I said I thought it
last
that's not gonna last at all although I
do get to take this little turn here and
I'm kind of hoping but I think it's
definitely University so do something
you can put some rule in where students
can't drive or something but then it's
kind of mean yeah so how you guys
getting on this is like M G look guys
this is day 94 like you want to putting
up today over 93 so given you by time
you watch this one is gonna be 94 94
days guys almost at a hundred days
that's craziness a hundred days 100 days
of Nathan javis I'm sitting there I'm
looking into the shop right it's not
right can you see that look it's t
something om e something can you guys
guess what word that actually spells
because it's missing two letters t
something ome something I'm like what
the hell could that spell so leave me a
leave me a comment if you can guess what
that spells maybe we'll actually go into
the galley Express tomorrow and they'll
ask them what the hell is just something
spell or how someone's gonna leave any
comments say it spells
ha Momo or something I don't know I have
been on traffic still in traffic so we
pretty much didn't do anything today we
just did a home I did a lot of cleaning
and I'll be did a lot of sleeping and
then I actually did a lot of something -
we took enough together because we got
really tired cuz um we went out for a
big long walk and then it started
pouring rain obviously didn't have the
vlog for that but I probably would have
gotten ruined anyway because it was
really pouring rain and then lb took a
bath like I gave him a bath because his
Philippine and I actually cut his tail I
know that sounds ridiculous but I mean I
cut the hair on his tail like his Bert
so I'm gonna show you what I did if I
can basically alby's tail before if you
know the Maltese breed at all or even be
young so there's a better look at it
or Bichons or any of those kind of dogs
they tend to have their tails long in
their head they're like yeah their head
and hair on their head long and then the
rest is kind of short and then sometimes
people like groomers will cut their hair
like on their the fur on their paws will
be a little bit longer as well why don't
we like that I'm on their legs as well
but anyway that's totally off topic but
yeah so it was too long and when he went
to the bathroom it was getting like a
lot of ducky stuff cause it so I decided
to cut it off and have it like it was
when he was a little puppy so I really
like this tail now it's like a big poof
of like white fluff so that's what we
did today we're waiting on dad because
daddy's coming whoa-ho
where is daddy yeah so we're waiting on
him and then we're gonna go to my mom's
house for dinner with Jonathan doesn't
know yet but she's making really yummy
chicken so nice I had one of those days
where I did something incredible
if the incredible fairy was around the
incredible fairy should give me some
much-needed and I thinking what could
you have done well let me tell you guys
Jonathan managed to render far not just
a render farm but a network driven no
based render firm that would email me
every time a render has failed or
succeeded and upon failing I could email
the said render farm back with the
server with a small piece of script that
would reboot the computer that would
then who what would then sort out the
problem we open the program and continue
rendering I am a God among men a god I
tell you manners wrecking my head all
day long and I knew there was a way
where I could control the actual server
from
you know email driven c+ server that I
could write some code I could send the
code by email it could read the code
understand what I wanted to do reboot
itself shut down change the registry
change the directory find textures
whatever the problem is it can email me
now the only small problem is that it's
I only left the university about like
five minutes ago and it's already
emailed me nine times so it's a little
bit needy it needs a lot of attention
but this is gonna be pretty cool because
I was able to queue up eleven jobs
normally I'm like you would create a
scene and you could leave it overnight
to render and then ever finish there
would either you can set it to shutdown
or something but I knew that during that
time when I'm not there it needs to be
still working you know nothing a second
oh no no no no no slacking so this
command script is going to allow it to
continue working on once it finishes one
job it'll shut down our program it'll
it'll go out it will make itself a cup
of coffee and you know my watch TV show
I gave it like five minutes between each
job and then it will pick itself up open
the program and start the next job oh
and it'll also email me to tell me that
it's finished a job and it's starting
the next new job and you know and a
little summary of how the job went so
all in all I think I've created I think
it's alive I got to name it but yeah I
should call it guys I think I should
call I think I should call it something
hmm but what so I might have made yeah I
might have made a little bit too needy
as you can tell corner couple emails
there speaking of this one what what do
you guys think you think Jonathan sure
that we clean like a bear bear or hairy
like a monkey
it's very conflicting because those who
were like oh my god you're so much
better than when you've got facial hair
so I don't know what do you guys think
your comment am i ugly I'm ugly I don't
know whatever let me know just so I know
because you know your opinion is
possibly the most important opinion of
my existence I kept one what's that
you're saying behind me this is the
empty wall but this whole thing this
whole thing this week guys
this week we are hooking that up we're
gonna hook that whole hole up I'm gonna
get the address out to you guys this
will become history part of you will be
inside a part of me that's kind of weird
when you think of it hmm it says
something interesting
well that was bloody great huh
an experienced youtuber and the best you
can come out with was get that via
stupid camera guys I love David Gray
I'm education here
some people are
they've become so far
we're going like so super pretty animals
today see look he can make it sound like
what else do you do so this paws off
this in all the way
okay my nice fancy box from lemak see ya
left jewels left gold home hands over my
favorite I like a flower actual flower
can't wait to get it all this run Somali
Watson he doesn't any how do you feel
sure all right
