good morning Internet at 8:38 under
Monday morning it's cold and wet outside
and I am NOT a happy buddy
guys I'm not raining it's cold and it's
a Monday you should never rain it should
never be cold and she'd never be dark on
a Monday every Monday should be lovely
and brightened and beautiful to announce
the beginning of the beautiful week give
a nice birth my god I still together I
did they didn't it didn't end
I didn't end guys but she was waiting
outside in Nicole's I'm such a bad
boyfriend
and they are that was last week I want a
whole week ago this week is gonna be
different it's gonna be got you guys
like the M my video couple you guys have
comments if you didn't actually see
squeaky feet I'm gonna leave a comment
here let me hear
I'm gonna be it's like jumping can you
catch it can you catch it I don't know
what its gonna look like that I see it
in post
but hey check out squeaky beat he's a
funny guy you guys like him I think he's
a funny guy anyway like it sit here talk
to you guys all morning but then I'd
probably be late getting in breathe out
there no braking we're going to UM
alby's all my pets my mom's have to have
lunch so I just we just came back from
shopping and alby's really excited
because we just came back and we're
gonna pick him up now and head out for
lunch is that right
buried it okay okay he's super excited
because we didn't get to go for a walk
tonight
so he's like uber excited and that's
kind of bad actually you shouldn't be
like that but you're so cute though
okay let me get your walkies on so we're
in an Italian like an authentic
shops that we do a lot here in court and
at any codes it's like stepping right
into a shop and main
so to show you
long
you think that push
and I got one yeah
we get this one
all the other contractors
I'll bet you
I wasn't gonna say anything because we
were all just sort of moving along and I
thinking maybe it'll stop this guy's is
the worst traffic I have ever seen in my
life
it just won't end just will not end it's
just so much of it every time we go
around the next corner it's like
back-to-back what's going on in this
Monday oh it's so annoying specially cuz
it's a Monday which adds to the already
annoying factor that it's actually a
Monday which is so mundane see what I
did there
oh you coming here
bye-bye-bye
now do not run over the dogs no going
Christ because I ran over one of them
now acquaintance yeah there's no
fighting snort I thought when they were
running over because they were doing
that teeth being there baring their
teeth and I was like okay do you hate me
okay
do you love me I know they love me there
we go guys day three day four
oh no it's doing that time what the hell
is that somewhere in this car cause it's
like everything lock how do I fix it oh
so many guys are still together finally
enough wedding
I could make myself feel like we were
eating together so a wedding planner was
I was accosted today and I didn't know
about it although I was talking about my
wedding on Twitter with my custard a
whoa that was haters a wife in the car
you're like you crazy off-roader hair
like so I'm gonna try and get the hobo
PO Box
it's like PO Box the PO Box sorted ASAP
because I'm in the studio maangchi when
whoa I'm trying to be all casual here
but it's kind of scary so I'm in London
she's a Wednesday so Little Miss
incapable of doing anything over here is
incapable of doing anything so I don't
know if she's gonna be able to go and
start today yeah I can I don't like that
don't forget to like mix it up a bit
sometimes I don't like that disfigure of
AIDS or pretty it's a third gear or and
I'm just like mix it up sometimes have
fun so yeah so uh I'm gonna try and do
Thursday now hopefully the minute I walk
in there and I'm like got kitty he's got
hello and welcome to Joan Ethan's
classroom reversing today we're going to
address first thing first Potter
universe
second thing totally out the clutch
until you feel that the car is moving
and in an interval sit nicely done okay
start to turned vehicle start to turn
the vehicle which ever way you want to
go any way to learn is to die good
choice good choice carry on with the
moving backwards using a mouse yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah
and here ah come on there's a run once
the man's a far bit away it's okay
it's a priest
is not that scary oink oink oink oink
oink slowly enough fun you can see
I'm packing your parking you tried to
reverse in the end of the parking not
bad at all
well we got the glass there you go okay
now don't kill the priest with gentle
Suzie turning turning turning nice nice
bit of turning the game change in the
third gear Nina yeah the game changes
because you can kill yourself in third
gear you can also kill me so it's a game
changer you accelerate like so
and you cut like so which foot do you
break with this one folks this one break
you should not be in 3rd gear you were
covered you were covered from it oh oh
oh she's trying to start it residents in
gear neutralize it
oh now rolling backwards oh there's so
much remember driving is not easy
well you should put it in gear before
you put them right then whatever do it
do it like they do on the Discovery
Channel
do it again now you and me baby we're
putting in first gear we're not gonna
drive with the clutch engage you and me
baby we're now in second year what they
will do and the game changes we break
before we clutch we break before we
clutch
otherwise we tow your clutch in
you come back before Hill Climb are you
in Turkey exactly okay we're coming into
this turn and I want to import gear and
then you know when you're touching the
clutch I want to see some slow
controlling Controlman
which okay here we go third gear holy
crap let the clutch okay now use an
accelerator using the accelerator foot I
want you to break slow it down now break
yep there you go slow it down
go right in the corner using the brake
to slow it down
don't push on too much or the car
whatever and let off the brake and apply
it accelerator well done well done
no man you're learning this is proper
driving now I'm using the brake using
the brake this is a much scarier now
because you can do some serious damage
whoa whoa whoa okay okay okay would see
it feels different out isn't it
now you're driving around the corners
you're not just coasting around the
corners is that you should proper Drive
dinner airway was just for fun
neutral put that down and now just um
slide it into first gear
cars broken is this forward what do you
do okay that way is it yeah behind me my
dad
and that is what you don't do in the car
I just wanna comment that someone said
and they asked me a question about like
the tutorial is what I was talking about
really quickly right because I'm just
running out and haven't got time to go
into much detail but just simplified
okay you asked me about when you're
taking photographs against the screen
and the shadow you probably picked up
one I said about shadow dispersal as you
can see the shot on my hand
you've got like tons and tons of shadow
there which is a pain in the ass right
well let's just take the same situation
let's take the same situation here
alright so if I shine your light we've
got the shadow okay now what you want to
do in this situation is you want
three-point lighting so you're gonna
want to put a light source like this
snare if you look at it it's actually
not creating any shadows behind this
because the light is above it same
factors and if you take a light from
this side you can see just no shadowing
or again same same fact the other side
this is what we call it three-point
lighting you have a key light which is
the light that's directly lighting up
your subject you've got a left and right
feel like you've got a live feel like
the right fill out the left those are
going to set up more of an
omnidirectional light source which is
going to set sort of a lightning round
and if you can you want an above light
which is a spot direct which is directly
lighting up the green screen or lighting
up your subject which will disperse the
shadows that's a real quick example I
can go way more into detail when I've
got more time to do that but I just
wanted to clarify that because I know
the answer to that and I remember when
years ago I had the exact same problem
and I couldn't understand when you're
trying to key out and he keep getting
this goddamn shadow well pretty much
answer I hope I can help and leave me a
comment and I'll make his toilet that's
the jewelry you want
