he's gonna make up school i'll be
picking up steam cool guys do you think
that the days video I'm going to be
sitting outside that school 12 hours day
or no siree Bob sunday I'm saying it now
slide past love I'm not going up there
to have six I don't care what happens
today
I am yes how are you on this fine
something or actually you're watching
or you win this fight much you know when
you've got that little bit of extra
coffee from the filter thing check this
ere I look it's a terminal flask then
mama style ahead and then I got me but
look if I put the remaining parts
although I kind of need some sort of
intermediary system maybe needs to go to
something else first because there's a
slight bit of spillage here but can it
works you know you always get this much
and sometimes you put too much in and
it's like look what you can do it too
too much yeah I'm like a second cup of
coffee ready to rock and roll and one
before yeah you got banca that's the
bomb oh so tired guys I had a coffee I
was welcome I had to rotted your
highness to makeup school now I'm home
it's time to get my groove on I was such
a fail guys I got more coffee in the
floor then you gotta say the termites me
you can see it but look Oh smoky and
nothing put the lid on anyway because
you might come back to it but I was such
a fail oh idiot Jonathan ah what
the hell were you thinking my trying to
put the coffee into the flask ah what do
you think is that an idiot oh man even
the dog thing somebody and now talking
something in here I must be an idiot
folks I must be one pretty stupid idiot
I let me just focus is in here huh hey
fellow rally so here we go look green
screen is up and running I don't know
you can see me in there Oh get the rig
setup got a big blight I got this light
which I need to kill because it's ruin
all the fun subscribe award and the
screen of greenness I could put my hand
anywhere in the world with this
technology so that's what I did right as
you can see look I got to those little
twisty in things that you know locked
into a wall this here basically is
doubling over so I can lift this up and
I can put this down I can put a second
life in between the screen if I want to
that way if I really want to I can light
up green screen because sometimes you
actually need to put a life behind the
green screen to get like extra beaming
light and you can have backward like I'm
for that just call lighting up the green
screen but um it's pretty cool cuz I get
the external hood and this and then like
here now tiny thing is i do have
daylight if i want to use it but think
about the green screens it's funny
because it actually works at the less
light the last daylight you actually put
on it it's better i know anything about
why cuz always been taking patient
service always like maximum daylight
well actually no you want to actually
minimize in daylight and maximize on the
controllable light like this guy here
you know because let me just turn it off
so i can show you my vid i have a dim
over here so i can take that off and i
can have the light which is 54 k and so
i can have that light shining out or I
can put layers over this so I can have a
softer softer softer harder life I can
mount another light up here to have a
directional now i'm just using this mic
here um directionally outputting to the
screen you know what it just it just
means it's just I probably look better
with the big light big lads nice i like
in the big lot but um yeah
you guys wanna know if I don't but what
was that I was gonna say like I can show
you guys more tutorial based on how I
actually put this thing together but who
cares because we just want to watch the
content we don't care how it's made I
just want the content let go on to 10th
well yeah so you guys have got pretty
excited about this which is cool like
you know so like if you guys won like
okay you know what I mean to add a
little extra dimension because once we
can't do anything people get to p.o box
which is next week but I don't imagine
like you could you could put you can do
right is that you could send a picture
or drawing or whatever of you with your
circle of commitment commitment so you
can say like um you know I'm gonna learn
to driving on this way they're gonna
pass my exams whatever it is that you
say you're going to do right you could
like draw a picture of you doing and
write like you know this is my promise
to myself and we put it on to
subscribers well anything you want like
absolutely anything can be said I'm put
on a scribes wall I just an idea as a
circle of cumin anything else you want
cuz i think it's i think it's pretty
darn cool for the community give me any
guys gotta go collect aniston high for
this time last week I was asked to place
now she sent me text messages anyone
promise you we're finished at five what
do you guys think you guys interested
guys this may or may not backfire to my
advantage right but Anna said to me she
is at five right now as you can see it
is 10 plus 5 I am still here because I
am waiting for this to go live so I can
put up the toenail and the annotations
but I'm guessing that she ain't after
about six as always because she's never
been out before then so I think she says
five all the time but it never is fine
either way it's about 15 minutes away
from here I know it's like way out but
there is a little motor waiting there so
I'm risking I'm risking my life on the
basis that she ain't gonna be until six
okay and if she does get out she's just
gonna take from said hey where are you
boom boom than 15 minutes I got this
order guys or do I
could find myself the head guys guys
didn't work backfired by fire she texted
me she's like I'm out where are you
where are you what's going on are you
not here yet I'm like oh I'm just like
two minutes away she's gonna watch this
oh yeah she's gonna watch this I'm gonna
be in so much trouble if I crying guys
wish me luck leave a comment telling us
to be too mean to me okay
