I think it's fair to say the Coney Joe
needs to point in the salty but in
Oakland
hello friends and welcome from garden
wars day to now yesterday was pretty
good right we had our little pool was
pretty good but then I'll see ya put up
a picture that he had a slide and I was
like did he just develop you think he's
better than this any mail okay so Joe
Elfie we're going to have to pick that
up and take it to the next level and we
are what okay so we are in the process
of setting up a water park in our garden
we've got some slime here Amelia we do
what I mean I need you to put your hand
in the slime I tell me what it's like is
it slimy
yeah then we have about a hundred
thousand Orbeez in here cooking getting
themselves ready okay and then we've got
this dinosaur Park over here the
dinosaur park over there yeah then we
have we don't even cracked open this guy
yet okay the plan with this guy is that
we're going to fill this one with Orbeez
and this one with slime and then we're
going to have a race a relay race around
the garden might involve the trampoline
so I don't know who do you think is
winning the garden wars even though I'm
probably the only one playing all right
I know what all right it's still funny
it's so funny okay so anyway the kids
are skewing this morning was your daddy
the daddy go to school with you today
yeah to do is a special Father's Day
wasn't it your honor
you can't like anyway I couldn't wait
okay well anyway media son came Don
Eduardo's inside let's continue making
our water part okay let's get the next
guy open oh hey what's this there's a
dinosaur
oh we blow that dinosaur up and also I
bought one of these thingies because
yesterday I almost died trying to blow
up the last pool so we are set we are
sex
you might be thinking Johnson you've
gone too far
Jonathan hasn't even gone far enough
Eduardo are you excited about the
dinosaurs look at this dinosaur over
here huh you have to have to whistle
okay yeah saying a lot oh and you can
say oh it's honor that works okay so the
first part we've used the leaf blower
the leaf for is great for blowing up the
base are the scientifically proven
weightless to hold I'm not sure which
ones which okay
ah well I think I'm acting all right
Thank You white white guys wait wait
what a party's no one yet
so practical is it slower hold on a
minute guys
that we're going to fill this up with
Orbeez noises no one else climb in that
one Orbeez in this one
hi oh no don't you guys why don't ya
okay we're now inflated the pools we're
now ready to move what we've been using
for the orbit creation but the pool got
ripped we created a little line a little
trail of Orbeez
just be careful Amelia we need to get
all of these all hands on deck here oh
and I has a bucket this one oh no wait
that's not real bucket get a big black
one
Amelia where's your purple bucket with
the woman on the ferry where's Laurel
the fairy magic in it no no there's a
bucket with the fairy stuff in it
oh wait a second is it in the car might
be in the car like Oh
there is a pink focus Amiga has been
using very magic land there somewhere
all right we did it
we lifted the thing in and look at this
to be depth like I've fully and see if
you can bury yourself in it stretch your
legs out see if you can bear unit right
it's like oh my goodness
yeah whoa careful all right yeah I'm
going to continue filling it up oh my
goodness is Orbeez everywhere everywhere
oh man why don't you like mommy's got
something tasty for lunch so because
when it is real rich we have to come up
with a backup solution which is to add
ten cows involved
everyone has bucket of balls right
normal okay let me that one okay media I
have a question do we need more ball
maybe maybe more maybe more ball right
now small merely a literally just having
a slimebag Facebook I thought all my
videos nobody have a salon bath in your
videos oh my goodness we'll get out of
there that's for the competition now I
like it
you like having flyingbat you're in a
box of slime okay and we are nearly
ready we are nearly ready watch I'll
give you this we need these Oh
keep stepping on lumps of Orbeez see
there we go
Oh
haha
Hey
ready
on your mark go for it
just
all right double can knock every day
write nothing down you can for that I
regard you should carry down a bit
oh boy
okay
all right
Oh
alright let's go check our check our
judges whereas our adjudicator let's
see-oh media guys one minute 2601
minutes 26 faster than last time that
currently holds the world record at 45
that means that daddy is getting the
chocolate hold hands who move it
together yes we can do it together okay
oh it's a race between you and me a
straight race mommy did you acquire your
skills okay
what
so let's bring designers on Twitter so
how does the winner you want to check
the bar Eduardo as the runner-up
Oh
you
