Jonathan look come here
Oh nuts he moved you look so cute for
ages so you may have ran out of red on
Twitter just there my bro and his wife
are they were the over in clonakilty
there and he's like oh you're gonna spin
up to Cork you know cuz he's been here
but his wife hasn't been here before so
I'm gonna check out the old pad you know
might even see a brother foot on the
blog imagine my dream my brother's foot
on the blog
we haven't you seen him Piero's asking
us like oh how come you guys how come is
never anything of Jonathan's family on
the vlog and it's always like and his
family I suppose like the obvious answer
to that is because we live in quark and
I'm not from Cork I was born in Dublin
in dirt and obviously like my family I
live here but most my family knows well
there was a stage where we did all kind
of sort of see each other like I hadn't
seen like when I went back to university
I didn't see any of my family waiting
for the whole four years and then went
to London and form it and stuff it out
and then back here we haven't really
seen any of them you know but I suppose
the big change I suppose you might I
don't know I mean you guys were watching
the style diet back then but you know
ever since the wedding and the whole
crap that happened and drama and stuff
we haven't really seen anyone tanana my
bro now he's over
there's a little baby needs food and we
don't got no baby food puppy food I
don't got no baby food even all the
things that suggested they give the baby
I'm gonna have anything like that so
that's all them head over to Tesco and
I'll go meet him over there oh you know
he's gonna love this I know walk in the
room Skippy doesn't jump up does he he
would jump over the balcony
so
okay I wouldn't work yeah with your
mother for me that'd be funny how they
is busy and there's water inside skills
I know yeah but the natural
oh they're hugging
who's your boyfriend are we good pal
isn't it bonus every time that step gets
me in the back okay
what are you two up to
cousin on the phone oh you dumb I was
always asking my family one of my
members of my family is my godson Dylan
say hello Dylan yeah pleased to meet you
Dylan
pleased to meet you no leave me nice
comments not quite the same is it Dylan
he's not ready for a career in YouTube
yet bye bye Dylan Dylan Dylan Dylan how
do you call a baby Oh bye bye bye bye
bye bye
bye-bye bye-bye I know my my
thumbs up for the dinosaur t-shirt oh
yeah you're cool rhymes render ender
ender ice while I'm at while eating that
for that surrender are you planning on
him jumping down or anything no no okay
guys this little section of the wall
here that's usually behind me right I
was thinking of getting like a little
like chipboard right and then um we're
getting we're in the process again like
a peel box so we're gonna have like a
pill box in probably next week and there
I was thinking right what we could do is
that you guys can extend me like a
picture of yourself or a picture of your
dog or whatever your creative once is
our a drawing or I don't know whatever
you feel like sending something that we
can stick on the wall right we'd have
like a subscriber wall what do you think
you can I go to subscribers incentives
they're like when I'm backing away here
like this you know right there in a wall
like all the subscribers stuff
but have you so cool see them send moldy
cheese like some moldy cheese ugly and
literally like moldy cheese
Abby says don't say moldy cheese okay
anything but moldy cheese can be sent
that the post service would not have a
problem accept it ah ah
but um let me comment let me know what
you guys think is it a good idea what do
you think subscribe the wall
