here at Mountain point because I'm
getting pointy getting some stuff from
my makeup room I'm getting like a duvet
cover and a pillow because my if you
don't already have an already seen it my
makeup room it was like a disaster it's
horrible and Jonathan study is like all
made off and nice so that's what we're
doing is that peppa pig look she's got
her own little healthy sheep so what
kind of bedding do you like cuz I'm
trying to decide
they were in the baby section Oh is it
kind of made
oh I'm yours
I want something with simple but girly
on same thing so we're just putting
together my room as you can see and we
bought lovely you gain set but the
questions that we
Hey
like one twist
yeah
are you kidding
finally we're finished the room well not
really like it's not actually top
refinished but this is what we've done
so far oh my god I look like sweating my
bum off anyway this is what we've done
so far and I think it looks pretty nice
so that's my bed which shouldn't needs a
lot more cushions but it will just it's
getting there
and then that's my makeup table I guess
and that's like my stool for now that's
actually a table of what I sit on that
um to do my makeup and then that's all
my makeup and my lights that I just did
which look kind of weird now but I'm
just gonna get I've decided I'm not
gonna get a curtain or like curtains
because nobody's really gonna be
sleeping in this room and instead I
think I'm just gonna get like a pink
kind of like a pashmina type thing and
then just like drape it across I think
that'll look really nice and when the
light comes in it'll look pretty pretty
so let me know what you think so far
obviously it's not finished yet
completely but I think it's nice
the blonde oh hey oh eyeballs I have all
the noodles a nose means I love you and
an ear means I miss you
what for you think we don't really know
he's being mean to me take off is my
affection you can leave your harness on
carries a yellow what is it a real or a
wheel for the next episode okay ready
don't come in yet he hasn't seen either
okay it's not finished yet but it's a
start
oh I'm bouncing from the pinkness
haven't seen a doctor okay and I got a
candle as well yeah you know they put
those stupid labels on and then you can
never like do you like it no I'm gonna
get a few more cushions and make like
par you're hurtin yeah I'm gonna get um
ya know like a pink like pashmina type
thing in them everyone send me a picture
of examples we're gonna whop baby
what's that what's that what's for
dinner
nothing
nothing hard guys how excited are you
for the next episode on the toy life
nobody's excited
everyone's except by Francesco we go
today buddy me don't know the song it's
the back from Tesco we go song back from
Tesco we go today we go homeward pound
fail
thanks for all your suggestions on
Twitter
we went with that edge tendon crispy
California cheese and Goodfellas chicken
provincial now if you were a betting man
or woman which one would you say is for
Geoff waffa waffa I'm from Nina Nina
Java or Nina Java or Nina if you created
an interesting comments guys do you want
to meet the character for the next show
okay I'm thinking of doing is I'm
thinking over the next few days I might
make two episodes of toy life because
I'm going to try and do it twice a week
so at the weekends what I find is I make
two EPs
two EPs and then put them out on
choosing third or maybe like Sundays on
Wednesdays Sunday and Wednesday actually
it's probably better because it gives me
more time listen well this week's
episode is going to feature this little
guy his name is squeaky feet cups F 203
grinder is that a coffee grinder guys I
think think and me
furtively right now hold on by javis
even how does this even work I'm not
sure what to do
oh um dad it's a frickin coffee grinder
oh my god under the bloody king is on
tomorrow what you call it the the market
oh my god we can get like beans my
dreams are gonna come true
oMG I am so typical is bad boy he's just
going on Twitter right now because today
is a good day guys
quick note oh and any guys uses this
thing dailybooth as moping about and
it's that love could we use and so
instead of like doing twit pics i'm
using this day to glue thing but i think
you follow people or something so
terrible i think you can like reply with
like picture comments or something
something like that I don't know make
them do follow one Nathan Joel does that
then I sell it mm-hm
you think there's meat there I had a
meatball and I'll get all like yeah my
how does your meatballs the other thing
was Facebook don't you guys found me on
Facebook right boy
I spend a lot of people who are liking
my life page you know what I'm like
never draining with a life page do a lot
of people use to like page but now that
I supposed to be used to life page we're
not
friends ah but we're not friends then I
suppose like come on like why would you
wanna select your first Nathan in your
life what what do you guys prefer would
you guys prefer do you guys prefer a
like page or to add add as a friend like
a normal Facebook page thing because I
suppose if the friend page is like
popular stuff I suppose I'm sorry like
having to double update Oh does that
mean a friend okay just let my be easier
but if you want to be a like I like Joe
first then click the like Joe first okay
scooch over this way first okay hey
that's a person robbed and attacked and
murdered rather I cried
