some of you guys went and checked out
the series the vanilla monkey thing I
just want to do more stuff in Italian oh
boy I am I'm not gonna stop doing the
daily vlogs hello they said she said we
were like friends sure that show I take
that as a compliment you know like the
friends show hold on while I make this
look good now so yeah that's one of mine
if I was a character from friends which
one would I be would I be Joey Chandler
or Ross or am i one of the girls
which one is Anna
which one is Anna he got these probably
like Phoebe I think he has that although
he's a boy isn't he hmm oh yeah let me
know which character from from the
friends TV show you guys think I would
be in our own little stick comm world we
have going on here if you can different
interesting responses yeah we're game
Johnson can
you guys watch reggae so funny
Ray J this is not a TV show oh this
morning mr. satellite made a lemon
meringue pie today and it's really
really yummy but of course I forgot to
film all day today which John's gonna be
really annoyed at um but basically yeah
this is it I've always kind of upset
that this part was all liquid but it's
actually a fish that makes for a nice -
all right actually you know what it's
like a lemon curd anyway yeah so we just
had a meringue type and I have nothing
I'll show you because when you do
anything today just wash enquired all
about russia under a pseudonym none of
us know writing it's because my aunt my
godmother island went to Russia along
with other places she went across the
world
oh it's no no that's not very book but
chocolate if you watched another video
the chocolate the Russian chocolate is
from her cuz she was in Russia on a
expedition she went across the world
anyway and I hope should watch this
video now
don't worry know what she did but you
did you went to lots of different places
20th the opion those are different
countries so it's um it's really study
now even though it's pouring rain before
and I'll show you my mom's flowers I
don't know if you'd be interested
hey zombie Niobe Oh myself
these are nasturtiums you can actually
eat these no put them in a salad and you
can eat them and they and it's pretty
much it yeah the weather is really weird
because it keeps its getting gets really
hot like this it's really really sunny
and then it gets it starts raining again
so you never really know what to wear
which is why I keep layering things on
my Johnson's that work so that's why
he's not in this particular vlog but
he's gonna be really annoyed because I
didn't do anything
today and I well I did do something
today but I didn't vlog anything so I
made the stars I have video if you want
to check that out ton style diet channel
what you should getting and yeah I'm
trying to figure out what this is
because my mom's cats are killer cats
and they kill like pheasants pigeons
anything any kind of anything that's
smaller than them basically which is
probably why one of them took a doubt
he's nice but I'm trying to figure out
what this is because it looks a bit like
the remnants of a bird
Ryobi
Hale be let's go G a big one
hmm oh my god
a pear tree a partridge in a pear tree
hi Albie what's this
is that a pond is that upon that dad
made what's up there is a dirty rooster
Turkey
we're gonna taste the ducky gonna go for
a swim
oh those pears are really big
oh yeah yeah I'll be doesn't like
blackberries yeah
sir I tried to feed him
blackberry some I didn't like them the
garden looks nice actually I'll be what
are you doing
come on let's go in hello you hate me
very much Oreo is my sister sister
started that it's cat she's not she's
kind of the least affectionate of all of
them and she's kind of mean as well she
is she's not very affectionate like if
you pick her up she'll just Scrabble
away absurd a tease I forgot that the
car doesn't run on hugs and gentle
nothingness
it runs on petroleum and ice forget bike
patrol even the car let's forget when
the morning
oh man come here stupid money card
I may not be able to make it to mama
style and for Ana's relaxing if she's
all like Oh
connect me on hello guys it's day two
the craziest oh no remember all the
advice we got from our peoples oh sorry
thanks alright we just floor it okay am
I gonna say nothing let us say nothing
go fir'd shut up I'll be stop
I'm traveling there drive
Wow
why is that Bobby go you try to move
forward in the car cut ash whoa exactly
but in the clutch yeah all right start
up the coaches boy
we do this first you wanna see if you
can use remember you can't do it wrong
so I like TV can remember what turn to
this first no I well look just learn to
drive first time we learn to rule the
road okay
like second second you don't drive in
first gear first design you for starting
nice alright bring this around
we got lucky today guys yeah the church
is open so we're able to just mow around
the church at the same time it was
rushing along today we got a little
passenger in the back you can put your
dog in there just slow at the end of
it's too much but it's going on momentum
I'm not even yeah yeah yeah okay
all right this time I'm gonna go crazy
okay this time I want a figure of eight
you're still used to turning around this
way so we need to go all the way out
there and back around turning it away
send it smoother than that there's more
like it'd be ten eight nice and smooth
for now we're turning the other way so
you gotta use the turning both ways no
no so now start turning this way use it
in ease it in first you donate a nice
little eight ten to one Handy's time
feed the wheel the wheel oh I just for
the grass Bridge strand
Oh crazy person how are you gonna do
you're gonna have perversity reversing
going in there are we going all
questions in the car you know no we're
just rolling records
that's not actual reversing okay okay
reverse just lay off the clutch laughs
let's bring her back so turning it's are
turning which way you want to turn it I
feed it in feed it in his head quite
laughs good no no you have to have to
coach at the same time or it's not gonna
work that have to play I can't see
anything they don't understand control
the car
okay I'm pushing the clutch and stop and
bring us back in very late look very
pretty in that top
look at the concentration that's right
don't go don't make it you'll make it
you like it you like it now what does
that blue sign say okay singer anything
bring us around a few reps flex in a
safe spot the movies driving early what
do you think your mom is driving she's
really good jerky that's why I carry one
first that's the problem that's why I
say Jackie Wow okay that's like a
balance of clutching the accelerator
whoa it's okay it's okay
neutral why
okay I always go to neutral okay all
right but first these poochie's
imbalance the accelerator nice and
smooth
that's the one and three two one and
into first gear in the second gear
straightaway no need straight away you
have driving first gear anymore
that's only for girls inside and about
emergency stopping okay so how it works
is that you're gonna drive along when I
say so
a little puppy's gonna ran from the car
all right
and you're gonna have to stop yeah all
right otherwise you know what's gonna
happen to the puppy puppy puppy all
right bring her forward huh
go
sorry then go oh so you have to land
you're annoying this man Drake no I
well done with everything okay how am I
still on no no your first handbrake turn
voluntarily
Hey
fancy driver
apart from Japan and China and most of
Asia yes anyone that was under British
rule no other countries matter except
America America and Europe did you
decide every other country actually more
countries on our side of the road than
there is and so it's Russia and
Australia okay thanks you come and
collect this later yeah thanks a lot
come on Harvey I'm he's gonna collect us
later hi mom
yeah
you can go all the way up and around if
you want we don't have to hand brake and
break off placed on the accelerator a
little bit if you feel scared pushing
the clutch and brake let me go I'll be
like oh let me go
ah touch there you go
mommy's drivin Alvie guys you have to
leave comments this is so impressive
after lesson two
look at you
showoff
so spider my hobby
Oh
oh I think it's gonna cut out the funny
noise did you go into fourth gear yeah
it sounds like it makes that noise if
you don't put enough gas on para watches
and zag hopefully recover will you
recover you can recover from you pushing
the clothes she just needs more gas but
don't wear ever too much
Nez that's probably for it yeah it's too
far over straight down is almost forth
like cuz look for is in the middle okay
I'll be like
get in so well thumbs up this one is a
test
carry on Android
ah guys I'm really so proud of Ana
because if any of you guys are young
remember learning to drive was so hard
and I know that she's kind of afraid of
it but God looking look at a commitment
she's like fearless how can I go it's
like fearless out there this is so good
like Alex I know what she really wants
then she's probably feeling like you
know I was liking her like 22 and you're
feeling like oh god I shouldn't a driver
already uh-huh you guys gotta leave
loads a nice comments kind of welling up
here guys can almost cry I'm so proud of
her come such a long way
uh-huh I'm gonna drive it all in a row
and actually be collecting me from work
