you go to school school today you need
to sort your room I think you need to
put it into the commitment circle
because nothing's happening
I need to get you some presents please
send all your money too because I don't
need to start actors you send all your
money to care of Jonathan Ireland the
world they'll find me everyone knows who
I am now Oh homework folders Oh more
folders messy bad I'll be cleaner better
well that's your start there
how is this mine here just dropped Anna
off to her makeup school Sunday Monday
as a matter of fact you guys you're
watching this on Monday happy Monday
one day on Sunday on top man there's
like no one in court today
I think it's TC yeah I think I got a
right this week the all right on filings
are fine fine they're all roles and got
a right this week definitely share it
and see all our top finals
although I'll probably get a comment
like by these two semi finals what are
you talking about like Topanga
oh my god is like a small target or
whatever you can see it you see it you
see it you see it is the same time iron
let's check it out it was like a small
apartment well ever OMG
hello my name is monkey hey guys so I
wanted to do something different for a
while there is you guys might have seen
this already or maybe I haven't got it
up yet I'm not sure I want to do
something different for a while other
than the day by yourself because I start
with Luke to do some like fun things as
well I'm sort of stay at the David
Ragan's awesome like and it's taken over
and you know come on like we're like 85
days or something in so I ain't quit
like I'm gonna keep doing for whoever
I'll and I can manage to do it you know
cuz it's great fun and it's cool to look
back on and but you know I'm gonna make
a film as well so I'm gonna be working
on that I've got I worked at in the
university as well so that's a couple of
days and I was like I just I still
haven't I'm not a hundred percent
expressing myself you know so I wanted
to come up with a sort of an interesting
series that I can do on YouTube with
different characters and stuff and I was
kind of taking it for a while you know
and then everybody's joking because I
can't help if I see an atom an object
like this guy here under my avoid what I
don't know I just make little voices for
him you know so I talk about what that's
what I'll bring that's that's the series
that I'll do right I'm like I like city
of characters like this fella here I'm
just gonna do funny voices and they're
only gonna be like what two minutes
three minutes maximum you know it might
be just like once a week
see if it's popular I don't know what
channel I'm gonna put them on and put
them on the flu I'm like to put them
under Johnson Jolie channel I'm gonna
make a new channel and come up with a
name for this series I haven't a clue
when I'm gonna call it I know if this -
his name is like monkey there's a holy
Pig there's the crazy out of hand
there's a rabbit ring there explain it
as a psychotic puppy basically all of
them live in the realm of alby's world
and they're all terrified of Alvie and
basically it's just their life and their
stories but someone ever trying to take
over the world has today - as they do so
I just like give you guys a sneak peek
alright it's the first time I've
actually
driving the car since I fixed the window
and it's actually lashing rain so I kind
of have this issue now where the rain is
sort of coming in my little air
conditioning unit so that's kind of
putting a downer on the air cond because
it's outside I'm getting sucked on but
what I look like
mommio me waiting for the mommy
so Holly was pretty adamant you know
yesterday he said like look at mom can
do it I can do it so I'm just gonna give
it a go all right I'll be so first gear
I don't think it'll pause gonna reach
the gear I'll be okay 10:00 to 2:00 I'm
just staring we'll all right bring us
forward oh you guys today last did you
guys remember last week I came here in
half for and I didn't come and so like
nearly six o'clock today five o'clock
from we're here at 5 o'clock because I'm
like and she even said to me oh
definitely be out of five guys it's 5
o'clock where is she where is she
no signs of her and I've been editing
all day long hope you guys like my new
series I think it's kind of cool it's
kind of funny isn't it just a quick
update no drop the camera still no sign
of nobody what do you think I'll be but
I give you a clue to obvious if
everyone's a hard-on but if I give you
any clue it'll be too obvious
ah snafu II it's not foolery that's what
I say I think I'm gonna tweet I think I
think the problem is the pebbles I think
there's no defined weight on the stone
but I'm probably overthinking of it it's
stupid it's something even stupider it's
always something stupid with the riddle
e things but what red is not the Twitter
app actually reads does that work I
didn't press anything
5250 to spy on foam cigar man anyway I
got it red red and some grammar anyway
check it right because it's like a pound
of feathers or a pound of stone
I'm so stupid stupid is the same thing
it's like always more like a kilogram of
meat or a kilogram of nothing well
obviously they weigh kilogram ah this is
stupid guys it is 5 to 6 I've been
singing for 55 minutes I actually run to
get here again again this is two weeks
in a row well notice the second week it
doesn't matter
oh she doesn't call me the next five
minutes
you're on gonna do I'm gonna wait five
minutes more so I was your weekend guys
what me oh I waited in a car in the rain
pretty much all of Sunday 12 minutes
past 6:00 still in the rain and guys if
you notice I'm sitting like a weirdo
because it's goddamn raining inside the
car which is not adding to my comfort
ability waiting this looking at me like
what's going on that way I mean like why
are we living here now why are we living
in the car in this particular parking
spot this happened to me last week today
I left there to be here at 5:00 next
week I'm not don't I ain't driving her
when you guys are gonna have to drive
outta here next Sunday cuz I sure as
hell am i doing it I'm Charlotte calling
well she just left me a Tom - it was
like hey I just noticed that I'm
Johnathan tied your last video trying
not to kill us I actually did I didn't
think anybody retakes I but when I was
putting the tags in I shall put the last
night trying not to kill us
so did attacks
well hey guys
nope no sign of it yet
and let's just note I am here one hour
1/2 hour 90 minutes
