what a beautiful morning
we have mean blogs on the waters in so
long oh my god oh my god maybe the
waters back but the nation is no fresh
today it's pretty warm I hope you guys
in the commitment circle who are looking
to lose some weight right in your walks
this morning what's your commitment you
know we're totally new in your
commitment get the book done yeah well
back in back in my Christmas chancer
chancer in your dad's book we published
this year so I'd like to have it quite
then but it's not okay to give you a
step ed okay all right I'll be I'll be
put me in a circle okay
okay try not to fart and to fight it
Murdock that's officially the hardest
day of my life
there's today about if they of my life I
am in so much strife but look how
beautiful this looks
I know you're thinking Anna yeah are too
late they make it all that you do kind
of think a little bit watching from back
here will watch you from our computer
screens down the rabbit-hole alley
in someone's house is there someone in
there you think there's someone in there
oh me hello I don't think there's any
way you could live in there
I'm Robert welcome blade Oh when I was a
kid I had a teddy bear called rabbit my
toys when I was a kid
it's called lumpy and rabbit my
grandmother made them for me a little
lamb Oh rabbit who is accused ever I
thought I'd help you guys out because
I'm good like that I'm just talking to a
denier about something intrinsic
motivation then you guys know what
intrinsic motivation is this is gonna
help with the circle of commitment
because when I was about 26
I liked well prior to 0 to 26 I liked a
lot of motivation you know it's easy
when you're in school or when you're you
know you're gone and stuff because you
know you have the format of every day
it's pretty much maxed out for you but
what you don't have is any you know
you've got these external motivations
pushing you because there's a goal and
there's an end or something like that
but once you're out there you're you're
finished all those things and you just
pretty much live in life fine there is
no external motivation anymore it's all
about internal which is intrinsic
motivation what is it that makes you
motivated to do something and that's I
think that's one of the key points of
white people might not achieve things if
you look at my pursuit of happiness I
talked a little bit about this where I
was saying that you know it's about fine
not not trying to look at like okay you
know for example I want to climb that
mountain I want to climb k2 biggest
mountain in the world yeah I'm gonna
climb that mountain maybe say that plan
amount what's gonna happen you gotta
fail yeah fall flat on your buff holy
moly because there's no way you're gonna
be able to do that but if you say to
yourself I'm gonna walk across the road
and I'm gonna walk back hey
congratulations you've just achieved
that and that is the cast and you guys
bite your nails what are we doing I used
to bite my nails and I could not stop
biting my nails put a little life of me
right couldn't buy couldn't stop what I
managed to do is like you're moping a
plan every day I keep quiet all my nails
buy this one I could buy two all of
these they're free for all and then
these and then slowly these and then
slowly this one and now I have a one of
a really stress error I feel like I
might be about these people that gives a
little daddy never already lunch anymore
but that was it chief of
because I did not try and do something
like I'm going to like lose a hundred
pounds and I'm gonna work out every
single day
don't even bother because you're gonna
fail and you're gonna probably put on
like way more weight than you initially
had because when you fail you're gonna
feel some crap about yourself that
you're gonna like eat a barrel ice cream
right well if you say to yourself well
you know what I'm gonna do I'm like I'm
gonna like once a week I'm gonna go for
a walk or everyday I'm gonna go for like
a 10-minute walk or something really
really small and when you get to the
stage after like 2 or 3 weeks when
you've committed and you were motivated
enough to actually achieve those couple
of steps every single day well Bravo
because now what you can do is you can
increase that ever so slightly and all
you're trying to do is you're trying to
commit to yourself you're trying to find
the extrinsic motivation not the
external motivation not that yeah oh uh
he won't drive me here or she won't do
this or the shop was closed or it was
dark or I couldn't find my runners or
the dog at my homework or whatever like
that's all crap because that's external
elements that are influencing you but
those external elements huh they are not
living your life you're living your life
so it's up to you to actually quite
intrinsic motivation anything that has
experienced your internal motivation
because you are the one that's gonna sit
the exam or he's gonna have your
weigh-in or whatever like or you know
whatever it is that you want to achieve
you know although most of the circle of
commitment are either lose weight or
pass an exam like school or losing
weight so we're gonna stick with those
is what I mean like so let's say you've
seen yourself right I want to get
straight A's in junior sir
okay so what do you need to do to do
that what are you doing at the moment if
you got like a great point of what B's
C's DS X I don't mind whatever it is it
is achievable you need to get the result
that you want but instead of saying to
yourself okay I'm gonna like read every
single book ever published on math and
science and history and the mystery
with the big back no forget that don't
even bother don't even try and read
every single book okay just hit yourself
let's move up a grade you know anyway if
you're if you're hitting DS in four C's
if you're gonna see same for B's didn't
beat embrace your hip name what do you
even complaining about you know but
those the little ones that's it just a
little little one little winds you know
accumulation of little winds equals one
big win when aiming for that big win
when after little wins it's not gonna
happen you know it's not gonna happen
say mister losing the weight thing you
know don't try and lose a hundred pounds
this week trying to lose I know it's a
kilogram a grab announced I don't know
whatever the little amount is you know
like dude doing the smallest bit
exercise and then slowly build up your
prove to yourself that you are capable
because you are you are capable say it I
am capable so I am capable and I will
achieve what I have set out to achieve
in a circle of commitment because ii of
commitment is important you know this is
just I'm just trying to help you guys
out because when I back 2006 when I said
to myself I'm gonna leave my job I'm
gonna leave like we leave everything
behind and I'm going to go back and I'm
gonna go to university and I didn't I
didn't tell many people I was doing this
you know I didn't make a big deal about
telling everyone oh I'm so righteous and
I'm so great look what I'm doing you
know I'm doing this and I'm doing that I
didn't I just act on my stuff got on the
plane and I moved and I left that I was
done and that was it you know and you
know it was so hard you know where no
money i had no friends i add my pads
ahead forget it once but like i love
that scene that calm and dumber but I
lost everything you know I had nothing I
was alone I remember working test I
covered all this in the other bling blog
you can go watch it right it's called
pursuit of happiness part 1 part 2 check
it out on my channel links pens where
you are so yeah it's tough it is tough
and you gotta find times me
be like committee but let's come back to
the video come back to this video here
and remind yourself that in the last
video you are a common congratulations
step one was achieved because that's the
hardest part you know that's why I said
to you guys
put down the comer because no matter
what you're going to do for the rest of
this year for our timeline is until the
end of year whatever you're going to do
like you could always come back and just
look at the time I look there look at
your Commons
it says I'm committing and you know you
might find that you've dropped out and
you failed it let's just come back and
read that you wrote those words that you
decided I'm going to do this do it come
on
I hope that helped your motivation leave
a comment if you're motivated follow me
follow me
howdy Joe oh okay today girls drive
do your tutorials driving tutorial okay
what do you do first
everybody stop that okay what you have
to do is turn it on
oh my god
check that it's in neutral what what are
you talking about we are just in a car
park okay we're on the motorway sorry on
then you put in the clutch
put in first gear hold on
let me let me get this for you oh yeah
in fact I'll just hold my hand here just
in case okay
can I be off after right yeah yeah off
the clutch and then we'll just keep in
first gear and you can pushing the
clutch you wanna slow down and break
look at this now I'm gonna jump back
don't you worry about that okay speed
speed all right we're taking it right
now taking the right no pushing the
clutch weight pushing the clutch in turn
the car and take out the clutch slowly
yeah yeah yeah oh snap Philly
you know the fading iron into the wall
normally you won't have to push the
clutch in all right all the way up don't
forget the breast bless yourself
it's going too fast going to start
putting the clutch all right there again
little burst again you're marvelous if
you're marvelous pavlovas marvel office
alright that have to clutch it a little
bit and let the car go back nice and
returning it returning it it's a turning
part it's too fun I can't see anything I
can't see beneath the car there's
nothing beneath the car oh I have to
catch a little bit going climb just a
little bit it's okay that's for sure
I know but pushing the clutch don't be
defeatist oh you have after put it into
neutral neutralize that neutral make-up
all right start the car
very buttons you just have to tell me
this video up and like this video now
because like come on Eva nice comment
Carolina give some support here people
this is very difficult
alright we're in first gear okay we're
locking it lucky the wheel this way lock
it this way first off lock it lock it
lock it rocket rocket rocket lock it in
your pocket
oh yeah nicely done
it's irrelevant
alright so now pushing the car could
scatter in a second go touch it
second touch oh yeah you're a regular
driver the calm down I can't remember
what country was on this way we're
hoping to go down there why are we all
the way over here
take a white turn Dewey it seems very
excessive okay oh my gosh and now it's
kind of skipping okay see a car coming
toward this
so okay I can't see anything it's nicely
done nothing yeah yeah play the clutch
like this alright okay now put it first
care single verse though not that break
maybe
is that okay yeah yeah that's a bit
excessive but okay standing up as we go
stated up staying up straightening up
straighten straighten straighten
straighten straighten up party in the
usa' second that bad boy second
yeah that's much oh ho ho it's a little
bit jumpy folks is that too fast you can
do a quick but you have to be prepared
to put the put the accelerator on at the
same time oh my god is a cat okay now
first gear straighten up the steering
wheel first gear straighten up say no
block it lock it lock it lock it lock it
let it go let off the clutch ease it in
II
she goes oh the car cuts out probably
because you got off too much clutch
without putting on enough all right
neutralize it neutralize the check all
right start her up
oh yeah clutch it
first gear engage and break let off the
clutch slowly and apply a suitable
amount of gas all right Ella salary
naresse also not really driver here hmm
vandal like eg your typical Italian oh
yeah second regular regular goal I'm on
fire without me in the car know already
but I asked and it's marvelous
just a secret right all right we're
taking our turn a turn for the worst
whereas him didn't like that so much
look at you huh
this is simple circle of commitment
secular commitment I'm expecting to see
some results from you guys watch out for
the part okay we're not we're not quite
there yet that I can ignore Anna okay
and spin her in and put the clutch in
clutch you in put the clutch in
