it is a busy day to me they gotta do a
photo shoot later on what Anna because
the a letter agents was a working with
publishing the book they got what's
there not gone yet
um the post is looking for the front
cover image and stuff so I gotta get
that done today I also gotta run out and
do some stuff oh my god Jake
probably best not to do that while
driving
okay now you guys gotta listen to the
music you see the entire y'all we're
making a video with Toby you can check
it out I think on Abby's Channel well
maybe put on a little flute channel
hello - or I'm gonna put this but
wanting something with this little guy
yeah so it seems I'll go with the book
again you know publishers are all like
yeah yeah we got it we gotta we gotta go
fill them so and we're getting their new
photo shoots and stuff Don okay a new
image we've done a plus they wanted us
to use em no images that had ever been
seen before so if you guys make a whole
new photo spread to use just for in the
book so pretty exciting times exciting
times this is day two of the commitment
circle how you guys doing okay I hope
you guys have been a following true
Luigi in our comments so you guys are
putting some hefty thingy bobbins
commitments achievements is it down so
am I'll be expecting to see no results
you know you say you're gonna lose 10
pounds I want to speed off 10 pounds
take a picture up to 10 pounds from the
floor know what you mean Oh
straight A's in science I'll be
expecting a photocopy of those exact
risottos Oh see what I've been doing
guys - wanna see - I've been doing
alrighty Jews now I'm gonna show you for
like a totally poppin I show and see if
we can do this we'll drop this down and
we'll drop this down
so now we have a scene of the film
digital camera those are character a so
character be sign are pretty world huh
so I've been doing my work what that's
not enough that's not enough how about
for a few seconds
sure that's it that's enough that's
enough of a teaser for today folks
what's going on in here you know that's
what we said I'll be went in wondering
what's going on it's not right Abby
what's going on in here now
oh we love it all miss who's on Maui
patrolman well this yeoman
ah bring it to the play area to the play
area
sit no boy oh my god guys did you know
and then Friday evenings they give out
free tomatoes in our bin storage place
we got a present
it's a bunny rice you come here Abbi I'm
trying to what it goes now there's a
Blair has faith in where is he huh
le now
you mean for a second give me give you
first we need to figure out is it a
bunny or is it a rabbit what or is it a
dog okay it's pretty quickly for a vegan
subset what is this just a bunny or is
it a dog you could comments below
because I said it's a bunny Mara
mama stylist is one of the sisters that
she's saying it's a dog
so anyway I love that kind of a cake is
this it's like lasagna but it's kind of
a green ding on the top sister style
right made there's not mama style add to
my earlier statement I must retract that
show show show show show show what do
you think folks when you guys seen
mostly Martha please taste my food it's
dropping I'll be inside cuz we're gonna
get some munchies for the crunchies
although I am not watching any of those
feelings that she wants me to watch um
can you guys watch the that's a call
macGruber or they're replaceable
indispensable in pencils that's got all
these action people in blah blah blah
blah blah we need new good Phil that's
why I'm trying to make a film
so uh munchie-t crunches will we get
what are you guys into
what's your favorite munchie-t crunch if
you're gonna watch a film why does your
favorite munch the ultimate munch Bunch
but I don't really like munch munch what
is your ultimate munch on a Friday night
to watch a film - oh yeah we can do this
before there's no point in buying a
movie just actually have one look if I
came though I don't so I had to intro
ISM no no just stop people from robbing
them probably they make them like that
yeah stupid munch I was talking about
what kind of muncher to get for a Friday
night what do you think these guys
curiously 'cimmanon always saw that and
I don't always wants them curiously
cinnamon with yogurt
it's got to ferry that's really good
looks good looks good yeah into sticks
you know what someone actually said to
me you today got this little device that
they'd never heard of these little
things I used to have an orange one but
I gave the orange one to mama style diet
in case anyone else doesn't know about
it it's like the top partner percolator
so what'd you do
okay coughs now these ones I like if you
can he's like the non bleach ones most
common aren't these ones which are the
most common you can just like get your
copy but the copy and the thing the
cattle pour the water over it battle
boom you've got percolated yummy yummy
coffee and yeah the person that actually
likes to come tonight you said that her
husband or boyfriend I can't remember
doesn't actually drink coffee so she
owes makes it 4-1 so yeah if anybody can
coffee for one like at some point in
making the big squishy thing or there's
no point in making it a whole big
prickly a coffee thing just for like one
person makes more sense to do it my way
cuz it's my way or the highway
Oh some question of the day boom name
the song and they the person that sang
it that's all I'm giving you
that's it I think this song is about
it's like 5 years old 6 7 8 9 10 years
oh I don't know leave me a comment if
you know the name of the song
