who's sitting in the Sun who certainly
was done in the September eve your
mama's time for mornings I'll be doing
this thing oh no he doesn't like the guy
who does give an act in Spanish maybe
possibly all right
possibly Spanish Shelby
now you see it yeah
gonna bring our beads in the end
musicians see what he thinks
there's a mighty mighty sunny day today
yeah it does actually I yeah
it definitely feels different today I'm
not sure what it is that makes it
different but there's definitely
something here
I'll be are you supposed to go behind
there a little bit spell Hesh
that's what you do guys that's really
good
nothing
you should check the lineup ball for me
from the past and you guys use a gmail
gmail account
did you ever lock me into Gmail and on
you know the right hand side but it's
like put in your email right do notice
that underneath it it says pot example
like an example like on its try to show
you like put your name and like you
should email pass an exam packet it down
what is it what's an example guys I'm
thinking of starting the circle of
commitment I think that's what I call it
because I was sitting there right I was
looking for an old photograph and I
opened up one of my storage drives that
I had from back in unit right and I'll
find true it and I'm finding all these
old father's these projects that I was
working on and I came across this big
project that I was working off about
maybe two years you know I wrote it and
I can't big concept even though as far
as I created an animatic I create
everything I really wanted to do this
but I had a huge limitation I just did
not have the equipment that I needed
like I didn't have like the rendering
ability I didn't have to process her
blah blah all different reasons so I was
like a year or so would be two years ago
now right and I just spent a guarantee
animatics made every Sun I create Amaro
so I was like so much about doing I
really really wanted to make this it was
like gonna be like a short film I really
really wanted to make this but I've
never had the time or had the check
and get away now I actually have all the
equipment I have the power film of
computers I have the software I've got
the skills I got everything that I need
to create this and I was thinking you
know what she know what let's commit to
this mofo right each young you guys
gotta do right there's something you
want to achieve by the end of this year
let's get the motivation for Lola right
it's September 2nd okay let's leave me a
comment if there's something that you
want to achieve by January 1st by the
end of summer unless we're all let's
meet up again tomorrow
but you know let's let's see if we can
do is we do it together then maybe
there's a chance to do it like hi my
name is Jeff oh I'm ASA
right I would like to complete my short
film CGI animation title unknown right
by the end of this year
you know I'm do something with it like
because I've one feel for so long I
created a lot of models I get all the
research I need the asset Maps is up and
I want to make that short you know and
I'm thinking like why don't I just do it
okay you guys you guys get on my ass
are y'all committing to a show foodie
what do you guys think you're
uncommitted to it you gotta leave a
comment something you wanted what I
passed exams you want to like quit
smoking stop biting your nails you want
to learn how to drive when to cook you
wanna I don't know I don't know we're
really good Phil um hey I do that one
you know what you guys want to do
anything you want to do right today is
the first day of the rest of your life
no but it's the first day of the
commitment circle
welcome to the commitment circle join me
on my commitment circle well is wait you
want to gain weight
one minute run when I let her walk swim
dive wear whatever you want to do this
is the commitment circle this is why the
commitment circle was created I just
created
Rickman's Urkel you guys like in this
circle it's just like not a circle
leaving my little white tux I am in the
commitment circle join me do I mean the
commitment circle you know are you gonna
join the commitment circle lazy does you
want answer because she knows this is
serious joke so me guys let me know what
you think he's got it yeah do you guys
want watching make it thumb boom we
could all be part of it love the credits
no I never it'll be pretty awesome
anyway exam so it's lady's little cute
little animals right
they're called schnooks right and it's
snuff already really cute oh then you've
got to evilness because I develop the
character archetypes the character
archetype is a sort of predisposed
position on the person's I don't know
way about and so you've got the goodies
and your bodies and your heroes and your
villains and all these different stuff
you know so the idea that when this
short narrative CGI fantasy sci-fi
adventure thing you should be able to
hit off all these different points you
know and be able to like be exciting and
not exciting you guys excited I'm
excited you may want to turn your bun in
then you know what you guys check out
the nature up another nose I will well
where am i where am i am I like you you
know somewhere else where I am is
already fancy that's a fantastic action
action replay action action replay
actual action replay replay replay
actually play action action we play
action action replay replay replay it's
my song for today because I had a tough
day uh-huh I had a bagel toasted with
cheese I had a bagel toasted with cheese
did you have one - Albie look at the
light the lighting effect is quite cool
this is naturally awesome okay these
guys
he's my rebel early in the morning where
does it end up toasty now one way does
it smell of toasty is now and way the
smell of course now guys you can decide
do you think like that one
grandpa's car on the camera icon forgot
in the camera I go forgot in the car Oh
