could inform their mind Morden I'm
feeling a lot better today I was taken
care of well by my loving lady friends
can you you did most adorable be you
slept the noi had and kept me safe he
looked me a lot maybe that's the key is
puppy licks puppy let's fix everything
puppy let's pick everything we could
probably heal the world of puppy licks
we get a puppy to lick the world's the
world that probably knew better
Oh someone's having a healthy breakfast
oh you might be named there's a who
that's pretty the best thing to have
after you're sick this is mine over here
this is my copy here I'm not having a
healthy breakup Hofstra and I'm tryna
live in I ain't no vegetables no I got
hella Bank a better word and they're
wiping I don't know what the hell I've
got you or anything
boy damn I don't know that's not very
convincing it was it was a little bit of
convincing to him it just wasn't a lot
of convincing to cuz I got stuck in the
shower today I'm probably gonna be late
chipper did I it was so warm and it was
nice and it's just like okay I got Nana
hold on okay I'm gonna count an inning
at ten nine eight seven okay why don't
you catch 20 and then get out because
why would you put yourself through that
okay general I'll watch a run why are
you gonna run to your car that said into
it I don't know but you know I need to
start giving yourself excuses and stuff
so I'm gonna do another shampoo he
entered in like eight shampoo is you're
like that's enough shampoo like I know
buddy that conditioner because my hair
goes like way to like the conditioner so
I don't use conditioner but I got stuck
in the shower it's so warm and it's so
nice and it's like cold outside as i ah
since I have a little shower box that
you can like walk around in like a
mobile shower box you call it
give me an interesting name for a mobile
shower box bath today's task
Warren impasto got down at home work
school started it's a bit breezy in here
with my hat
my funny window kids it's kind of close
but it's kind of open at the same time
so I hope this isn't too noisy now I
won't know till later on this is the
first time test driving the new winds
though because it kind of came down
yesterday when I came home and I was
like so destroyed I'm so tired but I was
just getting out of karna clothes I
opened the other window over there and
when I closed this one or when I opened
that one this one just came down and
Ames or something's like Oh nuts so then
I have to try and get that up and then
so now this is open like it's not open
but it's open like like a tiny few
millimeters but there's a little bit of
it's nice it's like aircon it's like now
the car has air conditioning cool you
know Charlotte said to me she had one of
these r10 she had a Jetta which i think
is like right the same thing and she had
the same problem so maybe it's like a
problem with this particular
like version of the car or something you
know and you guys have a border or a jet
it over pilots wagon in general and had
like similar issues because we could get
to the bottom of these guys we can crack
the cold we could be clothed crackers oh
yeah cold crackers
can I get cheese my cracker got me again
guys godsdamn lollipop and got to them
lollipop and she thinks she's got some
sort of a more for a power trip or look
at her so high and mighty she just
presses the button I said she does he
just presses the button which seems to
herself I control the flow of traffic in
the morning you don't control the flow
to try begin the morning
let me go down hot traffic where I have
the lollipop power and the lollipop
apophysis stupid memories lollipops in
power where the cooler rami pop lady
it's because she's holding the lollipop
or is that only an eye on the rest you
don't want in the name of holy crap is
that guy talking about with his lollipop
lady she's probably like awarded a
crossing warden or a traffic warden or I
don't know
I'll call me a lot about bloody anyway I
have arrived we're going to get from the
bus stop actually but um yeah we're
collecting her proper school and all of
these here Bobby Bobby right Erica
where's that gun you know what company
so we're stuck in traffic now in court
that's the court college you become like
College of Commerce and we're kind of
near the river actually that was true
the river there
and that's really nice
that's just a nice old church
that doesn't mention that old
this is the bridge
that's the Bank of Ireland what the hell
is going on with the subscriptions
because wait a minute I've got
forecasting so my life being compensated
you go forth pass I'm like oh cool so
they got a panelist 99s happen I'm like
what then I go back to 9 9 8 10 9 91
then 4000 - then 90 95 it's like what so
took the Evo pointers cuz I don't know
are you guys unsubscribing and
subscribing this is a game this is a new
game that I don't know that you know
about this new game
take a note what do you guys think of
the banner if you're not watching this
on the channel homepage I probably look
like an idiot an idiot oh is that so
September first guys it's September what
do you think that huh you guys had any
plans for September looking for the
Halloween that's in October a kind of
November yeah Jeremy Roenick don't like
it bad September gets colder
that's probably happened to me because
it just gets dramatically cold for like
no apparent reason you know I put on
Halloween because of this look at this
little guy here staring at me staring at
me he said hello Jason
hello Jonas and I'd like a Halloween
time a Halloween fun you should go see a
dentist because you've got some like I
don't know but all your teeth falling
out okay someone else actually said to
me on Facebook but there we were
chatting away about him Albie it's just
like oh my god I don't need to be like
horrible or something you know but like
how I only got one eye and it's like I
suppose most of the 4000 people that are
subscribed to me now probably one
percent even have a channel when alby's
at what did I know cuz the gut scratch
was London when it got removed I just
started so I started as channeling in
New Year's Eve so basically what
happened was we we got I'll be in London
we're living in London
we came to Anna's mom's house for like a
week or something like that puts into
our garland and when we did their
hobbies first time there the cats just
seemed to like one or one particular cat
Nikki the little black cat he got really
really jealous about me so sometimes
he'd swipe at him but um this particular
occasion he actually made contact and
scratched him like right across his eye
poor little guy oh so and we brought him
to the vet straight away and did that
was like oh no we'll have to just check
like it could be just a simple thing and
we're like oh I hope it's just like a
small simple thing but turn after that
escalated because the count actually
managed to pull the like iris part
across you know so it was completely
damaged you know so he wasn't gonna be
able to focus with the eye anymore so
they got a neurosurgeon
he's a neuro and optical surgeon
specializing when I I i captain surgeon
and just happened to be there in quark
that weekend did some talk or something
so we're like score co so we got her he
went in for surgery straight away they
kept me up for like three or four days
it was so sad like I don't know if you
guys never have a dog or a child that's
ever been in surgery like it's so sad
cuz you just come home when you feel
like empty and I quoted Mike Dunn and
you feel like it's your fault you know
which doesn't help when people come
along all these haters wrong ah that's
why I lost an eye
that's why start doing that because
people say those things and it's like
this week earth-boy why would you say
that the zone like he means everything
to me that I like and you guys have
little dogs or big dogs or any animal or
anything guys understand like it's not
it's something normal like you know yeah
nah see what we got the Sheep you know
he's like he's like part of the family
you know he sleeps in our batting
everything you know it's really really
upsetting when something like that
happens and you feel really helpless you
know cuz I'm not a surgeon like so I
don't know there's nothing I can do to
help man you know he might that donkeys
you know they don't they don't
understand do you know I mean he's just
like oh no I'm fine I just want a stable
you guys know in the nurse girl she's
taking
when he was all worried parents come
back please don't money sorry Fighting's
he's done something wrong because he's
been taken away you know and all this
we've said and then they put when I was
a combs on I'm gonna have to shave the
area I'm when he came back like you
actually have pictures on Hannah's
Facebook I think of when we were
actually in DM the surgery area not
obviously like that GP it was some time
for pictures but I think that I think I
take a picture when we brought him in
first off hey this is this is name he
still had to die but it was all
scratched they had done surgeon he tried
to sew up and fix the station and so
eventually got him back when we had him
four and then we end back to London and
then approved when we took the little
thing off we didn't actually keep the
thing on quite long because he didn't
really like it very much but he's quite
good actually he never scratched his
iron like that he learns he's a he's a
smart one everyone thinks that kids the
smartest but I'm like just them turned
off in the camera so we bring them back
and um everything's fine we're in London
everyone's grade and then we decided
we're gonna leave London and we move
back to Ireland everything's fine and it
was actually come to think of it it's
the day I set up the laughs roof channel
and I went to am Danny gorg all with
connemara for New Year's and I took out
me and I drove back up to whom we used
to live a donkey
in Dublin so we don't just moved in
there I went back with Albie and he was
just really lethargic you know and
that's if you actually watch the em too
much call of duty which was like my
second video but deferred the first
video I was like making the snow water
and I was like oh and I'm gonna make a
channel the second one is I think of the
second one is to call it UT one like
that's when he was real Authority you
know he was really like down inside and
when Anna came back then a week later
she was like well there were two sides
we're like ok remember everyone's in the
back you know so I brought through the
bag and the fact like casted the
pressure on his eye and they were like
oh look it's like the depressions too
much you know he's got glaucoma it's
cause where it is like pressure building
up in the eye and it's really
uncomfortable for him you know because
the pressure is pushing the eyeball
outside that soccer like now you know he
looks fine but
really unhappy you know so they said
like you know they can go and they can
spend loads more surgeries trying to
reduce the swelling or they can remove
the I know back when we originally had
the surgery at Audi that was the option
was to remove the eye but we decided not
to go ahead and move the eye because
surgeon said look there's like a tooth
to to ten percent chance that everything
would be fine division could restore I
wanted to give him that like it was way
more expensive but I wanted to give him
that two to eight percent chance of
continuing with the eye you know and
then where we were then it was like well
you know they can remove the eye and
they can put in like a plastic thing and
I said you're back we're just like look
you know what would Albie want you know
cancer I don't know like you know not a
trained specialist so what would he want
the vet said well I think I'll be
prepared to lose the eye and not to put
a new placement in and just get past it
he just wants to paint gone you know so
we said yeah okay we'll go with that you
know go what they said the specialist
said so how he went back in again for
surgery and he hated us for leaving him
there
took a few days and then he calls and
said and you can actually no no we had
the stylist in the flip videos even you
guys like even when we had two stylists
in a Food Channel we actually had the
video there are such a shame that's gone
now but this is this is kind of like the
stylist influence its original for me I
will hop hop anyway so my worry wasn't
it yeah thanks lost my my train and
falling in heavy on my arm my arm don't
market yeah so we brought it back and
you know we collected him and we you
know if you move the eye and he had
again his faces all shades and it was
like you know it's actually before I
brought Matt the nurse essence shape now
I want to prepare you guys you have to
be prepared because you know this could
be really upsetting on you like you know
don't worry actively because I hope me
like you know he's gonna come and
surgery he's gonna be excited to see
it's imagine we were like oh my gosh oh
my god what the hell is that that's not
my dog what some you think you know
someone you kind of prepared us not to
react just it you know
I was like geez he came out here like
stitching on across here and he's all
shame thrown here and it was like dried
blood and it was like I was really
saying with same time like he was so
happy he hadn't been that happy or
active and jumping around ever since
even their nurses were saying like are
the nurses that nurses I know and they
were saying that they just like put him
up on their hips and because he does not
like to be on his own
you got a multi easy understand if they
do not like to get around
don't buy a Maltese if you're ever going
to leave them on your own they're not
that kind of doctor the dog that needs
to be brought everywhere with you
maximum like we live out for like 45
minutes pushing an hour but anything
beyond that no way Jose he's got to come
with okay that's just the rule that's
the Alby rule he made the rules up you
said I'm gonna go crazy if you ever
leave me anywhere so that's the rule
although one time we're doing this big
photo shoot who knocked him for like
four or five hours I don't know if he's
actually over that yeah that was bad
like eight months ago
I hope he's over he probably wrote it in
a journal somewhere that's pretty
whining pees and poos sometimes it's
like but I bet I'm getting my Mac but
yeah so he came out and he was like you
know we're just so thankful that my back
you know you just want to like just
leave the vets and never ever go back
you just want to be bring him home and
cuddle him and put him in bed and tell
him everything's okay and give him all
the treats and buy all the toys and just
you know make sure he knows he's a good
boy good boy he'll be we get the baby
and he's just he's just the best boy in
aura cuz he makes our life complete he
does he's like he's just I don't know
we're not ready for like a family and
stuff like kids and stuff but definitely
like how he is our number one priority
like I said not a lot of people don't
get that you know like what don't
understand that when we go places like
who don't understand that you know I'll
be is part of our lives you know if you
are accepting us since your life you
have to accept Alby because you know my
siblings like they've got children and
stuff when you're night I accept that
they have children they have to accept
and I know a lot of people just people
aren't ready for that people are not
ready to accept the dog as part of a
family but people need to have dogs tend
to
tend to be better better equipped with
teaching with the idea that a dog is
more it's not just it's not just like
yeah and I don't wanna mean G dog or any
see I love him you know I should go tell
him I love him you should tell him you
love them leave a comment and tell her
you love him for god sake it's the least
you could do I'm just kidding guys um
yeah I don't know I have no idea where I
come from that was it you said yeah
September first on a Wednesday
conversation
