okay so today it's my turn to do more
vlogging because Johnson's sick not only
is he sick please also at work which
really sucks so I probably I'm gonna be
doing mr. blogs at least today I mean
and I'm going into town right now to
pick up my sister from school my little
sister Erica she she's the one who just
earned it secondary school which to
those of you that live in America that's
kind of like high school so yeah she's
just started and she doesn't know how to
Kent the bus which stands were target
but it really isn't she just doesn't
know had to get from her school it's she
the bus stop we shouldn't know where it
it and you know she's only 13 where
she's only 12
not even 13 and she's just never really
been to school in town before and it can
be really scary cuz I remember it too
and vulva so I'm gonna go into town to
the crop and show her how to do it and I
might have to do this like a few days
but hopefully just one day and then
she'll she'll know but I've never gotten
the bus from here before so I don't know
in Ireland it's just really stupid
because they just don't work with like
websites or online at all like it's just
not done especially not in somewhere
like quark which is kind of small so I
mean it's not super small in terms
Marlon but it's just I don't know they
just don't get the internet thing
so if you go on the bus station like the
bus services website it doesn't give you
the timetables or it does but they're
all kind of messed up and they don't
really work so I have no clue what my
boss is and I'm scared I'm gonna miss it
but um and also I don't know if I'm
gonna be able to blog this because I
know I don't want to show the camera and
Erica's face when she's getting into
school like it's kind of embarrassing
already you know when you're that age
everything is embarrassing so I don't
want to do that so I'll see how much I
have lost and I'm gonna shut up now and
have to leave I'll be on his own so he's
gonna get really upset so I'm gonna have
to
magic words and yeah I'll see you guys
later
somebody's sick and I didn't vlog today
because I was busy okay
I can't both all the time like Johnson
does and plus he can't vlog outside a
school or you look like a pervert or
something so I didn't bought today but I
did get Jonathan's medicine and that
makes me good likes to be so we're I'll
be staying in the home all day today and
get some accidents in there smells
really gross and of course I'm gonna
have to commute up see there they're
really gross I'm gonna have to clean
that up my other half is sick
so Johnson went towards state even
though he's sick and not funny made an
even worse you know I told him not to
but he did so I'm bringing him a yogurt
and actually I had a lot too because the
got any catalog through the door and
sort of my mom and since we just moved
in
so look at those stuff and hi kids
he took vegetables and their salads and
her had like me under the covers like a
normal person even people said today he
said Joe Nathan there's a good mom you
should take care of me there it's a
peach modest just a dying are deadly
death well this is just peachy please
don't mess the bag because I just
clearly change the sheet
yeah it's just yogurt what what just
happened I just changed the gene like
that's not even fair I'm sold on this
awful problem
