mommy's gone with the school today
mommy's gone school today
Oh chuckling away she's got together
barely impact lunch box - she's going
away to school today so she can put
makeup on you now came together like
this so some of them are oh my Dalmatian
- coffee coming yesterday lightroom this
is the official photography area ah
right books just bright folks today so I
was going off to makeup school today's
the first day drop right there she's
pretty excited we're all pretty excited
well I'm not playin right there let her
off right home collector but it's okay
because that's what good people do and
I'm a good person I'm good police you do
police more please
I've been watching way too much of the
it's called the wire you know who please
good please no you see no I you know I'm
talking about Avon Barksdale
oh yeah where are you honey bunny looks
like a professional makeup artist now
tell me the rules and we let the viewers
decide so they say you have to look
absolutely softly like a phosphate
sausage pens and pencils it is that for
pretty magnified
it's for highlighting highlight your
extensions I like two keys on I can be a
makeup artist too I hear something
oh you're gonna fix that poor complexion
of yours little bronzer on you you look
right as rain hey guys look who we got
be link okay thank you mamas diet so
what close that desk oh so might as well
you know reap the rewards it's picture
time
I was it that's the first thing you do
when you're trying to find a new place
they haven't gone to before will you
look up in a map will you ring for
directions for where do Google map is
putting in or iPhone move your map in
the iPhone hope you find the price it
looks pretty simple though it's actually
quite cool because I put it into Google
map I said I'm here and I want to go to
dare and the minute I put it in it was
like straight away I was like and I came
up with the name and everything over and
a little thing so they're up and coming
they know their way around the interweb
we have to stop because mama needs to
get some lunch and we are in Middleton
and you guys have in Middleton it's kind
of in the middle of nowhere
Tim Middleton that's probably what I
call it middle do you think that's why
they call it Middleton
in the middle of nowhere John tenders in
middle of him Johnson's in the middle of
nowhere
he's Nathan a couple of rowdy folk over
African people rate sinners leave a
comment below if you know anything is
moving a prize prize keeps cutting out
folks but they'd be happy to know the
tired anymore just raging
check out old Ireland folks a Main
Street fall geralt
August guru maha good-o enough room for
all the tyres on the Main Street we
survived you survived
tracers for bringing us down so this man
you know work right but I'm just trying
to experiment I've just tried to upload
and I think it's like 19 minutes and 18
and 19 minute video because I know that
could 15-minute thing happened but I
can't see anywhere where it says
partners are limited and lots under
partners do longer ones and I'm always
sometimes I'm like struggling to get it
down to 15 you know cause like some fun
things happen so I'm gonna try it's
gonna take like an hour I don't have to
upload then it's probably gonna take
like an hour to process and then after
that I might find that it didn't work at
all but you know it's only two o'clock
which means like if I have three or four
I can have like a live 80 90 minutes and
at least I know then that I can do it
cuz you gotta try it sometime
to find out if or if not I can actually
do that you know what do you think I
think we can ups I'll be your look kind
of like frozen hahaha thanks a lot
I think it's time for the old shower
what do you think
kids we have actually and to say
something hold your breath
now it worked out quite well for the
small towns but this particular towns
my tribe of all of my breath corty iron
as you can see
but a Nantucket I'm tired of it holding
your breath
he's actually watching another dog play
watching intent of me why are you taking
notes hobby that's called fetching
that's to go fetch that's what you do to
fetch I'll be what's right peculiar you
see no okay he's like she brought home
the tree so that was the way the tree
back foot
oh yeah what pleased to get around this
table lots of getting out of the action
a huge jump guys I have a sneaky
suspicion that Anna may have lied to me
mm-hmm
see she said to me she texted me and
said it's over at 5:00 but I think she
said it over at 5:00 because it might be
over at half I've to cheated men to make
sure that I was gonna be here in case I
was gonna be late
therefore I'd be here at 5:00 and she
commanded have fun now being the good
man on the lam I came here and half for
thinking sure it's our first time here
I'll make sure that I'm really early
just in case they finish early so I've
been here since have four it is now
quarter past five and there is no sign
of nobody that's where I'm starting to
think that maybe she's she tried to
trick me if you ever done that to
someone I'll admit it I've done it to
people if I had to get somewhere on time
and I know the person is like really
lack see I would always tell them it's
an earlier time you know so they
actually turn up late but then I need
are gonna be late but I'm not late
I'm always on time damn it that's dad
well confront her when she returns if
you have an apology for joining
if any idea how long I was waiting
outside
five minutes I told him that if we
probably alive because we can accept it
for something
and you guy like that to me
so the deal is today we have to buy
something that we've never bought before
because we always end up buying and
eating the same food over and over again
so run a challenge today folks we cannot
find anything that we've bought in the
last week has to be something different
do you guys ever do that it's quite an T
today what's this now this lovely lady
hello lovely lady look we got guys all
lights off oh yeah
I made a calzone towels all I've got a
calzone before I'm changing things up
also instead of chocolate though I went
for Tesco's finest soft squishy cookie
why I lost the phone
