I've been abandoned once more but not
for very long
and is heading to the Douglas market you
guys know - Douglas market she's going
without me she's going with Mama style
diet and being left alone some I loaned
some time here that are we alone some
time let's be together because 2 of
Anna's friends are coming in about an
hour and a half so if Anna's mom parking
in there right now I'm gonna have to
entertain them ok so our choice then I
gotta meet Kate did meet my destiny
first things first
come on little puppy Cup oh yeah that's
the stuff that's the stuff of legends
oh now we have to do something here is a
bit in a weawy weawy has to be
disinfected are you paying attention I
hope you're paying attention as I was
listening supporter assures that we have
to do no no no it's something about this
what else do you know
oh I think I remember this we have to
put this out I'll be like using a little
pool of light it doesn't pool of light
Oh be viewing back evil at the shadow
sketch it's coach hmm that's not a
sketch means that's pretty darn cute
thumbs up for cuteness I know how you
guys think you guys come to my channel
to watch the video that's what you get
to analyst challenge watch the videos or
do you just put the name in the bar or
the subscription thing anyway right yet
you have this new thing it's only
available to partners right where you
can create like a show a series so I
decided I was going to submit the
saucony Joe he's there 76 or than 75 the
one I'm already being uploaded yesterday
so by now secondly stick but then this
one is 77
oh I don't know it's too complicated too
much of mathematics anyway a web series
in a sort so luckily um
when you watch the video right it's on
the main page when you call the
suggestions right go to the top one I
don't know if you can pick that look
series right and if you click in a
series actually give you a new area and
this is all a series link so it's just
only a carnage is and it should all play
in secession of each other sure should
should not guaranteeing anything but hey
it's not cool to have like down his
series you know hopefully it shows up
and shows I've seen are people having
like shows you know so I like just ah
let's just hope and pray so before all
the tours happened we need to watch
something
what will we watch today like will we
watch today smart funny so look mmm-hmm
I like raywilliamjohnson he's a funny
man he makes me laugh he makes me
chuckle that's my chocolate my ballet
cakes not getting stuff for him my
friends over
getting like bread and salads and stuff
like that it's really really nice in
here they have like authentic French
food and like a delicatessen type thing
so it's really cool
young
I hate this place more than anything
else it's like he always just tryin come
in here and not read dry recyclin me
Papa dies have a good life without me
I'm getting the hell out of here I'm
eating croissant because I'm really
hungry because I didn't have any
breakfast because somebody made me a
rush to go to a market that doesn't
exist we should go to this market this
morning
turns out the market doesn't really
exist anymore guys well it's just moved
and I wanted to see this um Italian
jam stall it's this man from Rome who
makes the most amazing apricot jam there
so that was kind of a fail but we went
to the pigs bath and I got I saw up a
cross on both army
meeting right now and I got some salads
and stuff for my friends when they come
why so mean aren't you gonna bring that
a laptop like you discussed why don't
you bring the laptop cause it's actually
yours why don't you bring your life
mm-hmm we're gonna haul my ass well oh
my dalbi mama style I have to you and me
Wow to me I suppose it's mama style at
EMU pool until you go to so it's a time
for some dinner what are you guys having
for dinner
what would you typically have for dinner
on a Saturday today being Saturday of
all days of all days what's your uh hmm
what's your chosen dinner sorry sorry I
am paying attention I'm just damn
googling at the same time hmm you can
sitting there wondering where the hell
video is point at this is actually been
processing for about three hours now and
I'm wondering she liked to lead it and
upload it but I don't
yeah files notes do that do we Alby I'm
so mean to me help me I mean II got both
of them so I'm here for guys you guys
upload you ever had a problem where
you've uploaded and it's just this one
process and today's video actually that
particular one that was one of those you
know kind of not much happens I'm
talking about eight minutes wrong but
it's not actually got up
so I know something I can do it we go
back home which is not gonna be home for
like two hours and something so holy
moly and this is hardcore dedication
guys yeah the video won't process well
we're only over mommy star lights I'm
going live like five minutes away so
gonna nip home I'm gonna get the video
I'm gonna reopen their mama style lights
that's pretty hardcore isn't it yeah we
had an entire conversation about dollars
bad man Alvey they're bad men so I just
turned on the vlog and I started
vlogging Jonathan like walking up the
stairs to our apartment and then I
realized that I had shown all guys the
number of our apartment and where we
live and everything so I probably wasn't
such a good idea
but anyways um don't stalk us okay so
Jonathan has gone in to get um his video
because I don't know if he's funny vlog
that's already but basically the video
failed or like it went off but it kept
you know boy sometimes it you'll notice
if you do upload your own videos to
YouTube that sometimes it processes but
it doesn't actually like finish
processing it just keeps saying like
processing processing processing and it
doesn't like go live so even if it's
completely uploaded which is a pain in
the butt hole II as soon as I would say
and um so we're gonna take it and we're
gonna upload it at my mom's house
because it's like a really really fast
connection over there and yeah we're
just waiting right now I'll be albe
where's dad where's dad
um he probably thinks his dad at the
bottom right now yeah so my mom is
making chicken and couscous like tagine
tonight and she it's like a Moroccan
cookbook I think that she has so it's
kind of like a new experimental thing
and it looks actually really really good
um yeah I'll try and put in like a I'm
trying to film some of her cooking
because she is a really really good cook
and I can't cook at all which kind of
sucks because I literally like I don't
have a clue what I'm doing I can hardly
like boil pasta that says that's how bad
I am
and yeah the only thing I really like to
eat as well as pasta so that's also a
bit of an issue because Jonathan's
really like pasta and then I never
really know what to cook and here's
Jonathan again I don't think Vaughn just
because he's kind of freaking out that
I'm showing the whole building and
everything but where's dad
oh hi I got him oh ho look that's two
gig card cheering - fine nothing about
such things what have you done
nothing what have you done you silly bum
Nathan doesn't let I'll be have any
friends he's the meaning no you put it
on him I'm vlogging Saturday vlog is
mean as long as I forgot oh yeah I'll be
no stay with there oh yeah come on if
you want to play with your friends good
boy you know having a hand back
hi Pepe doesn't hurt you put his harness
on him
look Mike isn't even in he's running
away
ah you need to let him go do you think
Erica's in there it's eric has friends
dog Pepe who is in a dog show today
he's like a little toy poodle I wonder
is Erica there cuz um yeah yeah
ok come on let's go let's go home
alright check it out right you guys rush
it ever had this but he's Russian
chocolate oh yeah you need that
hello so I never had Russian chocolate
before hmm
Spadina what what's that mean
cell coverage no take someone's get used
to it just call right Koko's are not I'm
not afraid of international
relationships you guys what that
make you want to buy a chocolate or die
make me kind of scared scary don't take
a doll they tell you one one fact about
Russia go time starts now
one fact is Moscow okay God give me no
one come on a fact about Russia it's
really cause no painter come on go on
something that's not geographical or you
can't have mummy style a healthy come on
out of fur James Bond's always goes
there no is the accent we have a
neighborhoods when they speak English
and I love yes tell them about the name
of the dog our neighbor's dog I thought
his name was joy and then I was gonna
figure out his name good luck
his name is actually probably Joey as in
Joey Little Joe joy cuz of her accident
but she has a really nice accent that's
probably the thing that I
and Russian dolls that's all and a lot
of really pretty models come from Russia
well there you go topless ballerina
loads of really good ballerinas come
from Russia
yeah Tchaikovsky's from I think all the
Luxor say no and Khachaturian yeah see I
know loads of Russian composers you're
practically Russian Anna is the Russian
name Anna Kournikova Salian I've thought
of it comes right there that's another
thing I like Russia yeah I know loads
about Russia I'd be fine if I went there
but a primarily supposed to go here if
you're rich because there's a big divide
or something between the really rich in
the report and you guys Russian leave me
a comment let me know was Anna correct
me and made me an interesting fact about
Russia if you guys know an interesting
fact about Russia that anna hasn't
mentioned here in her amazing
encyclopedia knowledge but an even
interesting fact and it's awesome and i
will learn something
