the scariest part right especially if
you have a crappy connection that we
have to the internet but ah can you see
that 25 goodbye don't fail me now four
three two one that's been our - all
right like I'm like everyone get off
you're dead do not do anything it could
all go wrong and they could all enhance
all that so Bob what did this up I was I
wish it was a little bit taller I wish I
was a ball or I wish there was a mMmmm I
was a curse nine years ago there was a
song guys was always a little bit taller
mermaids mermaids like Arielle and
flounder you know pretty a hot dog today
don't you guys think she's hot to me pop
like a rock star I've got some bad news
I'll be heard that we're going to okay
guys you guys wanted to see it
you know Minehead you the mind house for
mom you're gonna mind the house tongue
doesn't look so innocent with that
tongue stick it out okay
look at the graphic is to hold on tight
in the house up who knows the camera
then no stay there and how are you gonna
mind the house okay good boy Alvey I
think it's because I came in he saw me
go back in a few minutes Abu just
getting some lunch
it's pretty mean that's cuz the first
art it's part process was the first
serve you guys in the wall yeah
yeah why do you always do this
why do you come up to the boys room and
then sign me out of everything this is
not for you this is our bedroom and this
is my room you're not allowed in here
fine I'll be that sounds like permission
to go into mommy's room okey-dokey I
have something here confessions of a
Casteel a holic or something
Tallulah oh maybe this one maybe the boy
anyone
there's not your loser look at all this
stuff I'm probably gonna get murdered
for this but it's all worth it what else
with you said that you're there no go
this is carries blog and I would really
appreciate it if you all checked it out
it's called chicken cook chicken cook
calm and that's Carrie she's a
professional caterer and are you know
Carrie author she was my neighbor in
Baltimore I can't help but look past you
no no no I never wear pants who actually
wears pants at home
tell us about your chair now off get off
or I would put you off okay so is it
just a little trim off the edge you're
doing the wrong one I told you to fight
no no no no no Mina take the dog care of
my life I have my sandwich in peace now
begone begone begone begone
