that's what I'm talking about
traffic 3 for June 18 I mean jeez all
right
he's not Vegas that I know it'd be
something has to say last time or one of
the last times that I told them because
we have this thing that we say when we
were leaving
it's I can't say that better he'll growl
or something great but she bite you
because the last time I said it it's the
thing that we say when we leave him at
home alone and we always say it and who
knows what it means
and he hates it so the last time one of
the last times that I said to him he
nipped my nose oh I'm scared to fit its
mi ND the h owe us so don't say that job
er he might thank you see my trick is
that everyone's trying to get in for
everywhere for like nine right so if you
leave the house it like a or half a you
know you're just gonna sit in traffic
but if you leave it like a quarter
tonight everyone's already at the end of
the traffic and therefore he does
Donnelly long also I'm going the entire
obsolete everybody else that you
somewhat leave Raydor searching worth
where everyone else is not working
although one says the university is
officially gonna open like all the
people will start going to university
and probably probably not next week when
all the school start but and that maybe
next month let's hope the students can't
afford to drive cars right oh yeah okay
guys I gotta go
we're having so much fun having so much
fun this morning good man
fine
we're gonna keep that tonight or today
I'm at peace at last night's dinner and
then Berlinda had passed on butter and
Parmesan so that only be leaving
possible
these are the peak doesn't really like
you already like pineapple
do you like
but I like the Hawaiian when I can
finally get employed how do do do do
today is my turn to cook now I have
handmade and then I packaged it after I
hand made it and then I hand made this
sauce as well and then I packaged it as
well because you know guys I didn't want
to make you guys feel bad about the fact
that I hadn't made my pasta so I went
down I got it I made a deal with Tesco I
said like look you know I'm gonna hand
make all my own food because I'm amazing
like that and you know I don't want I
don't want my subbies thing in like oh
no we feel so inferior to Nathan so
they're gonna you know I never ever used
this before this work okay you got me
there folks
can someone please leave me a comment
let me know how the oven this thing nee
works because that one whoa wait whoa
holy crap did you see how fast that
happened it was a little time wasting
there was no time to waste at all it was
like one second it was like cold the
next second it was roasty hot and you
guys noticed when you went to your
homepage if you're in the UK and Ireland
that I'm one of the most coolest and
awesomest most amazingest channels every
listing has been spotlighted okay but
like Judge Richard said to themselves
guys when you've got the most amazing
channel in the world I think it's time
to get the light and point
what do you think I like that more I
came from okay guys if you think that's
good get yourself the Tesco cuz they're
150 special offer introductory offer
your part I'm gonna be like 20 euros a
sniff next week but during the
introductory offers what you do we
should just stock up on them you just
buy a hundred and round and stock up and
that's what you think what's going on
here it's been a munching on over here
and munching hey munchies he's ignoring
us man lunging he's gotta have some
Royal Canin okay that's because it's a
test fit pasta tossed it thing so what
do you guys uh you guys up to today let
me call him let me know the stage in our
relationship and we can just like you
know shoot the poop oMG guys look at
this right I'm unnoticeable right
check out cool I am oh oh it's wine and
brown colors am blue brown look at that
lads and then check it brown kinda shoes
may be kind of tough no it's still on
it's still on is it and that's how you
scratch your lenses guys that's probably
what happened yeah yeah well
overmatching huh you guys we got
accosted by a manager hey babe Ruby's
here good I decide this is for punched
him in the face and ran
miss Kyi like have you guys ever done
that like you know got up in the morning
put some clothes on went to school or
college or work or whatever I can
actually ended up looking text the same
as another person
it happens if you're a guard or a
policeman or something because y'all oh
that's the same but um Shh or a public
servant but um it's not really happening
for where I'm matching with a girl
that's how close we are
that's how close we are oh my dog not
only that you guys can see it but we're
matching the blog on the same spectrum
the same hexadecimal number for all us
cool dudes or someone at the Commons
that they're going in to study
animations on Larry the lady's got a
really good animation course if you're
India was about 18 I think it is you
know Arts and Technology or something uh
but I'm yeah it's a pretty good school
for animation
I don't know beer I'm talking about like
2d still animation cel animation 3d
animation but either way like they have
a really good reputation because just
let me call brown-bag studios in Dublin
down Smithfield I think they take a lot
but I think the two guys to actually set
brown-bag up actually graduated because
my clothes he was in the same classroom
I think he knew them he graduated the
same time and he went off and became
like a freelance photographer and he
lives in Portugal now Portugal is a
portable memory that might go
I think it's boarding your cousin yeah
yeah I know what I know this might be
them interfere with the affairs of
anyone else what's going on here there's
no reason for this this back foot is
just going insane what's going on
what was going on with your back foot
then I'm just gonna little and say then
you guys are hardcore tofu friends do
you remember like ages ago right
flattens you guys eat flan that was my
question
do you remember eight this goddamn I'll
be verses to say of and I'll do worse
than the teeny bobbins well I finally
came up with something to put on
alby's channel I'm gonna try and shoot
it tomorrow I gotta shoot it in like the
proper HD cams not the vlogedy it's a
because he has his new toy and he reacts
the funniest you have ever seen a dog
react to it's a little caterpillar but
it's a motorized caterpillar and I try
to oh wow he just he just I just he just
doesn't know he just doesn't understand
but he loves it now he's refrained about
start but now he loves it now he is in
love with it mmm-hmm this is coming
along nicely time to reopen my
lymphedema yeah Papa are TIA
I rub about Tia sauce yeah every hour
out of ideas the Nemo Nemo
oh so that's how you don't know huh
say that again
Oh
