I'm really tired because Jonathan the
postman came this morning at 7 a.m. and
he was really he was dropping off our
internet like Reuters dingy and then
Jonathan afterwards she kept me away to
talking because it was wide awake so we
usually wake up at about 8:00 but I woke
up at 7 this morning so I'm really
really tired
I know it's her baby but you can
actually get ones for dogs
I'll be is a baby
Thanks thanks for minding LZ thank you
thank you auntie Erika Erika minds it
out we won we were out and we got you a
present
except we left it in the car sorry okay
I'm just gonna lock the door good point
three kisses you do me kiss him you do
me Guzman losers you're so cute we're
gonna have lunch now lunch no nose
oh yes
boiled water will be what so am i doing
my voice great some time aside now with
my nan na grater for new that means
grandma in so she's awesome half-naked
because she had an accident
in the dishwasher so it looks kind of
bare bum anyway so I have to turn this
off to do it because I can't great
others at the same time but and we're
making tortellini with butter and
Parmesan grated by me as home from work
and I got the speciality premium guys
it's come to my attention that a few
people have left me comments asking me
to clean my lens on my camera ok so I
tell you what but a few of you will take
a clot is it gone
is it gone
I really have to get that point across
it is going nowhere
okay and stick them up your speciality
premium balls yeah
Miren guys thoughts come to my attention
what is my friend duty Friends of you
really was a girl there again we block
sure no what do you think of our multi
EE parallel development process his mom
is like she's like a Russian girl with a
Maltese he sure it's not hot for words I
do I see but you look like a little cat
if I put the this much in their nose
she's really nice and I'm she was
wearing like she was wearing her pajamas
she just came in so you know she just
lets him it like in front yeah I know
like ah but you know he's 10 so he's
actually quite big that old but he's
really really cute he's very quiet and
I'll being him like my friends so I I
said I mentioned that we lived here that
we're neighbors and then
like oh maybe they can be friends I'll
be made a friend zo so I think because
it's a boy in the same joy I think it
might be joy like enjoy the boy no I
think it might be because the way she
said it as well as she was like usual no
she like joy I don't know like in her
language it might need something else
cuz it's a boy enjoy this boy this
girl's name and you guys decided what
you're gonna do in college I got a few
messages some people and I just
remembered right now and I should
probably answer because I said all I'm
seeing the blog but I never got around a
chance to name the blog so was asking
about multimedia and interactive media
and getting into media and like is it
hard and like what do I suggest they
should be interested in and what should
I do and what college to go to you know
just make sure like the college that you
look at make sure it's got good
equipment you know because there's no
point in going to a university or a
college to study multimedia interactive
media or any type of like media where
you're not gonna study theory you're
actually gonna need some practical work
and if you can't work on you know Mayer
3d ass and use the Adobe Creative as
premier Shh
you know any of the like really
commercially industry-standard programs
there's no point in going to con so make
sure to check that out you know and it's
kind of like interactive media
multimedia is kind of different because
you can go in as like a web designer you
can go in as a programmer you can go in
as like a like person that's really
interested in like the arts and
literature and you know either so it's
just so very I could I went in the first
year like I didn't really ever think
that I only learned about 3d and second
year like and I was like mid second year
and we're like okay guys today we're
learning about 3d earth max let loop the
whole thirtieth month yeah Paulie who
gon you know but that's it like just go
with the flow like just make sure to get
a course that you're slightly interested
in that you know it'll hold your
attention you know but am yeah because
it's exciting piece College is like it's
only about 40% of it
to actual like course you know the rest
of it better
I don't know enjoying the time and kind
of you know being being a student like
it's awesome it sucks because you never
have any money and everything's terrible
and blah blah blah but it's so much fun
because you're like you're not a kid in
school anymore and you're not an adult
anymore you're not kind of like limbo
in-between II where you can pretend to
being adults but act like a kid yeah
that's what it is
tend to be an atom's an act like it
that's what it is about going to college
it's totally fun you guys must really
excited I know in Arlen's you I think
everyone got their places dear today and
they have until I think it's like next
Friday or this Friday is it is this
right here next Friday they happen to
accept your places
you know so then you guys got the ones
you wanted or I mean you guys knock out
the ones you want it and now have to go
and take your second course like I
remember I fill out my CIO form in
school I remember we were just messing
the back you know because back when I
was in school school wasn't important
Anna we write down like throw us
retarded things but like you know you
get like a list right like want to do
whatever we were putting out like brain
surgery
veterinary this and like sociology and
histology and phlebotomy and I don't
know the craziest things you can think
of like you know just just for fun like
and you guys put it in stupid that you
know as your lesson what the hell is
that what the hell is that
did you get a new laptop Oh guys what
you think of my am I thinking bobbins a
lot of people told me well you could be
better you just want to think of my
teeny bobbins because we're kind of a
developing the show to show to show more
of that like you know it's kind of like
it's gonna be more like happy you know
like it's like what if it did have more
development you know my life's like
interesting I'm so sure you love looking
at me all the time but it's like you
know what I'm dare and then I understand
something else and then you know and I
can show your her so I don't know it's
very interesting isn't it it's like it's
like spiral off the Jomon baby oh my god
we should train Alby
and have a little doggy on him honey
what did you clear guys out his new toy
yeah obviously coolest new toy ever
yes he's so afraid of it at the same
time no I got my am my XPS my Apple XPS
this my friend system until that we're
gonna we're gonna hook her up with a Mac
patch
I'm gonna cut an iPad actually come on
Pat and iPad okay let's go my laptop's
are so last year
well she's a little lady for her makeup
at when he may lose also you know
sometimes these people like get sooo
upset and so like you know what if you
have if you have the ability right if
you're any of these like digital media
and New Age somebody bums right and you
have the ability to create an intro for
me create an intro for me then all the
footage is there download all the
footage whatever composited I don't know
make up a song just you know like I
could have done morning like tree and
all Bellomo but it's like it's supposed
to be kind of flaky and that was what I
was going for I just like that is I
think like that just kind of represents
us you know because we're like Messrs
and we're funny and stuff in the blue
and the white this is simple and it's
just fun like but if you can come up
with a better intro that's about like
five to eight seconds or something like
that I'm well open to viewing it or
putting it up there or something
like that like you know because maybe
you guys have been at me I don't know if
you are let me know because I'll be
totally awesome did go over there a team
cheer as well okay you're watching the
problem job Nathan these over there as
you're sitting in the pin I'll be over
there and he's eating my food
he's out a little bit rude just like
just like down on that cop that ransom
filter uploaded boom blob in from a cup
little dinner
