and the Monday morning to you too
here we go again it's getting a bit
rhetorical so I'm I don't know if I'm
actually gonna get a driving lesson in
today but you know no we get home and
when actually are you guys have said a
lot of comments about learning to drive
so good luck to all you people who are
actually learning to drive at the same
time I know you're all like Baltimore
America's easier automatic this probably
is easy because it's like a toy car push
Peugeot France for stuff but um I think
it's well I don't know I don't really
have that much opinion I learnt quite
years but I think I don't know I like
the gears I like driving a car with the
clutch you know like learn to drive it
now I can drive an automatic or a clutch
car if you have an automatic you add a
pretty simple like um the only trick is
you can turn it on unless it's in park
and if you don't know that that's a pain
in the arse can you sitting there for
hours going like ok welcome to character
around you don't realize it to go put it
in the park and dry crap yeah but em I
don't know I like the gears but I'm a
boy I like that I suppose when I was
like you know what I mean know that you
keep doesn't like Chinese those wheels
my solo where the hell did you go to
split the Bronx or something I'm sure it
was like that downtown here people then
you wouldn't usually drive around like
home dogs we're more very dogs can't
start the day we're at Joe Nathan Howie
he knows what's up he knows what's up
he gets really affectionate and really
clingy in the mornings then he knows and
I'm gonna go so he starts to climb on
top
 you how could you leave that how
could you leave that good boy good boy
good boy good boy
you want that Dubliner cheese I'll be
your boy
I'm hanging more it's about all we have
in the fridge you would seem Dubliner
cheese sit right up
good boy yeah my phone
she's really excited she's putting
layers done we should start school on
Thursday
we're getting presents for my niece and
nephew for just their starting first
grade so I just need her hair
appointment for half-past three and so
we'll just take me shopping back to the
car my favorite is frosted wheat and so
they have cinnamon graham
or you said your pickle I love cookie my
life I like the country not feast as
well
this was actually really good yeah you
got yogurt fruit
I made a choo-choo train that's what I
did today guys I made a choo-choo with
words and tracks and all sorts of
carrion about a billion polygons but it
was a good billion all right Sonny I'm
coming home and it's really sunny and
you feel like I'm spilling the
good-humored this morning I was all like
yeah yeah I've also managed to drive the
car one right hand right check it out
please insert hateful comments right now
about how dangerous driving can be with
white hand I did not drive the car with
one hand why'd you do is two hands at
all times Drive the car these are the
things I shall not be teaching Anna Oh
God
this house seems seems restful where she
looks really pretty she got it layered
and
oh no guys there is like a large
increase of traffic right now so are the
school's back no it's right have another
week ha ha
I'm only oh please don't go bad what
appreciated so I tried filming this
twice in the shop and two more so
basically I have to I have the niece and
nephew by my brother and I'll be stopped
I'll be likes playing with missing the
cat anyway so I have a niece and nephew
who are five okay yeah v i- baltimore
with my brother and they are starting
school like proper school so they're
starting in the first grade in september
so we bought them some presents and i
wanted to show you guys what we bought
so there's Matthew and Sophia so once a
boy runs girls okay so this is what we
thought first of all we got them some
markers which we wanted to get normal
ones but Erica said these were cooler I
know they change colors and things so
they get one of those each then first
send through Sophia it's always a lot
easier to shop I feel for girls because
I think it's just more fun but um they
managed to find some cute things for
Matthew too so
we thought these two notebooks and we
thought oh yeah I found this which I
thought was really cute it's a keychain
and it's got s for Sophia and Sophia is
also my goddaughter and they're going to
be what Sophia is gonna be my flower
girl at our wedding next year and
Matthew is going to be our dog walker
because I love yous the ring bear yeah
and then we got these are like little
zipper thingies I don't know you put
them on your zips and it was just like
customizing so we got that for her and
then we got Matthew one in blue so it's
kind of more boyish and then we got for
Matthew we also got these things which
are like magic pages and basically see
what they look blank but then if you
color them in they turn into a picture
so we got two of them for him and then
we also got two little pencils so the
blue ones for Matthew and the pink one
is for Sophia was hers too and then we
got this it's like I think that's Robin
Hood actually pencils for Matthew and
then we got this for Albie because he
just discovered he just discovered
windup toys not that move and that go so
my mom got him this sponge buggy so
maybe we'll see how he reacts to that
later then we also got wrapping paper
for the kiddies so this is obviously for
Sophia and then we had to go to a
different shop yes Matthew
just like little little robots
see it's always perfect to get stuff
before you my thing and then we got from
a car - I know I showed you guys the car
okay turns out that Ana's not at home
she's over in my mascot lights so it
gots to go to mama spell lights but
she's cursing me over telling me to the
rose alarm there so we'll see see I mean
I may beat her I may be here to Det you
know what happens
oh he's scared he's running like he came
he was scared of his cars off
