when I was younger younger than I am now
loved it well me doll motor and things
are just the same
Oh
by the South Boston
you
good morning it's Sunday on making
pancake and I just made Jonathan it's
Sunday I made alessia's first then
Eduardo I don't make it I see ahold
hankies now I used to just give her
bites of everybody else's and like she
would have her normal breakfast but now
she's old enough to have her own pancake
and it's just as well because this
recipe actually always made it would
make like four pancakes with quite a bit
of mixture leftover and now it makes a
perfect five so although hers is like
pretty small unless you're still eating
thank you for the bar okay like an
assembly happy birthday it is did you
notice that this I don't think we even
got a picture together at were doing
this one yeah it was so hard because
alessi was still really little and like
I wasn't ready at all are you going are
you going
yes I know you can ha she came she can
get around yeah with one leg chopped
under no no yesterday she got there like
a it's a little a little pumpkin thing
this is what I hate about the crime
no that's yeah no no
no no she's not leftist no no and this
yeah nope nope nope stinker alright come
on say night night night night this snap
is so short but she still kind of needs
it I think at least like 15 minutes a
night night night night everyone I call
this Sunday or something Sunday's Bianca
Navy if you were a singer you'd be a
rapper you'd be some sort of like one of
those angry rappers huh all right who
wants to go peepee he's dead type he
wants to go pee pees outside good choice
good choice guys
this is the dress salad salad salad and
we always bye thank you for watching
I have stock in our new hospital
but I hope you enjoy this rigid truck on
down below if you like the house tour
see you next time bye
so Alessi is going to bed night-night
for not number two and I have to dress
in case you're wondering doing tell them
what you had for lunch for lunch she had
leftovers sausages and mash and greens
she loved it and then she had strawberry
and apple and banana pudding Hollister's
her room stinks even though her nappy
there's a Sookie nappy in that bin
change like pretty much everything this
bin right here it's like a proper naki
bin but it's not like it's the it's not
like the bags are centered sent it or
anything so everything that you put in
there just kind of like just stays in
there and doesn't stop smiling that way
so it's not I don't know I don't know do
I need to get a different bin I kind of
don't think I do because like just
couldn't be bothered or should I get
like are they're scented not scented
bags that you can get not like
individual like I have those have them
right here I shouldn't just use one of
these
that was stupid but I'm talking about
like the actual bag like this thing you
know why should I open up but yeah it's
just really stinky I need to order some
clothes for everyone actually I'm gonna
do the kids first cuz they're more
important but we are going in a way
somebody asked what are we going to West
Africa I was like
noria because I mentioned in it I don't
know what Jonathan's I haven't watched
yesterday's vlog yeah but we are going
on a family like holiday so I'm just
changing a nappy so just put you down
but yeah we're going on this holiday and
it's we are going to my heart it's not
Africa though the clothes that I need to
get are like non-existent in the kids
wardrobes right now because I kind of
have them dressed seasonally obviously
and also thrown out of everything that's
like summary I think Emilia and Eduardo
kind of got away with wearing stuff two
years in a row like some things not
everything but like a lot of t-shirts
and stuff they still do have t-shirts
that fit but for the most part like they
don't have any shorts really any more
that fit them properly like they're all
very small and Alessia has basically got
nothing like her wardrobe is pre minimal
because this time round I just have been
really minimal cuz you just don't need
all the crap that you think you need um
but because we're going away like
obviously the weather wouldn't change
that drastically over here so I there
wouldn't normally be an urgency to buy
stuff like this like right now but it's
good cuz like will use them obviously in
Trento and stuff but yeah it's just
because we're traveling and we're going
somewhere hot and that's why I'm gonna
need to buy them basically like a whole
new wardrobe but it'll be good cuz it
will last it won't last Alessia but
it'll last the other two probably for
another summer if i buy smart so I need
to get swimming costumes shorts t-shirts
oh my god I saw the cutest little
rompers for less yeah I think I'm we're
gonna just put her in like lumpers all
the time because it's so easy and like I
did that with Eduardo and I don't know
why I didn't really do it
watch with Amenia I did I couldn't mean
er more in dresses but she was a bigger
baby and it just suited her better like
I think if I put her in a romper just
enough like for how fast she grew I'm
like how the time of year she was born
in Rob for so long so but unless he is
still pretty tiny and so I think that's
probably don't work with her and then
Eduardo when he was born and we took him
away when he was like four months or
something or five months um we just put
him in rompers as well and it was just
so easy for like sunny weather okay so
I'm gonna put a let's get to bed now and
then I'm gonna try and get started on
some shopping
I think Gap Kids and maybe Benetton
because there are the two places that my
mom always buys them clothes and Zara I
love but Zara are so small that I can
you just don't worry you're gonna get
Mustafar
my heart
by the time
saying
so
bad guys with some died but first they
eat chocolate and forever and ever and
then they die and please put them down
let's try
so look who's in a much bigger big chair
huh he's taking that thing off
well we're going to attach it we're
gonna attach it back onto your one yeah
harder than some sort of a sub holiday
Roggin rifle we're a book day which is
postponed because of the storm so it's
back on tomorrow
but look Alessia you've got no thing
anymore hmm
you can go right into the table now like
this no you can sit right at the table
now huh
that means you're gonna have to learn
table manners do you know about table
manners Eduardo somebody turning to
brother oh hi mommy
oh hi dad Oh a tattoo does it say I love
that oh that's right he is that oh boy
Oh what
is it ready word Oh ooh who wants
spaghetti bolognese spaghetti bolognese
Oh
