good morning and welcome to Father's Day
I'm still feeling sick like really
really rotten actually I feel like death
I feel like my skin's like swore to
touch as well but I don't think it is
the flu I think is just a really bad
cold kids prepare some stuff for
Jonathan but they've hidden amend the
base with it hello are you going to get
your things for Debbie right you ready
to get your prezis down you go and hunt
know your big boy oh okay
so Eduardo this is from you and that's
from Amelia no no that's for when you
are good boys and girls okay I know we
have to prove it today and then I have
it
I don't know steamed up you go clear you
don't love this we've still got a dog
website by the way I do not hit the Oh
Eduardo that's not nice
no what do you say to do you say sorry
feel okay so see you can have your
pancakes in yeah you're gonna have to
okay alright say sorry to him then good
boy
okay where do we open all your pie cakes
then knock knock knock oh that's not for
Teddy yeah tell me what you thought guys
okay which one we open first Anita or
Dwight oh okay
that was huge epic I like yeah let's see
oh my goodness back me a skull is it to
Daddy
happy Father's Day with love I promise
to make you pancakes and be a good boy
all day long come today
did you draw an X see ya good boy how
cute is not an express right a father
sizing he's actually bi is June 2017
Eduardo oh okay it's open of immediate
one whoa whoa yeah that's like your one
is my Eduardo I love my daughter because
he gives me chocolate for breakfast you
know our you know big any chocolate
brutality by give you just a reckless
look at the picture that was that was
like yeah nobody got to yes I'm sure you
have a fine head oh oh
like many thank you guys should we hang
those up on the fridge guys I thought
let's yeah what do you got for me yeah
give me a daddy cuddle
everybody in yeah okay I wanted to show
a quick little morning routine video
because people ask me how I get ready in
the mornings and still like that with
three kids well to a server in school at
the moment so basically I like wash my
face and like do all my skincare stuff
in the morning like before the workout
or before anything okay I'm dressed to
be Pat when you call this an outfit like
it's really not I'm just wearing I'm
probably going to change the bottom just
going to say
get away there for the moment you say
we'll be just fine
under the ice we'd suffer hours until
she stops Oh too bad my hair I washed it
last night
these lips go crazy when there's title
so that's what it looked like it's still
I think it might be still a little bit
dumb I'm just going to let it air dry a
little bit more I won't make the plaster
is this product here so that I've been
using this is the vanity planet slow
ceramic straightening brush this is the
box and it comes in and that's what it
looks like hey there good-looking here's
little something to help you step up
your beauty game it's actually really
cool so this is what it comes in like
one of these contain or anything's like
plastic container things and the plug is
all behind here it's got an off on
button and then plus and minus to
control the temperature I'll show you
that in a second that's what it looks
like as you can see maybe you can't see
I have used it a few times take out the
plastic bit take out the brush and then
the plug is underneath like this kind of
plug it in now and switch off what and
it's also got one of these swivel cords
so it's not going to get all tangled up
just going to switch it on and then you
can read the temperature there you can
move it up or down it goes up to 370
okay the baby is working out as you can
tell so you see quick you have to be
careful cuz it don't get very hot
especially the heat that I put it - um
so how it works is the plate width is 2
inches and then the bristles are ceramic
and they reduce static and add shine to
your hair it just feels so like natural
so what's more natural than
straightening
like with a flat iron and it makes your
hair just reduce smooth and silky and I
feel like I don't have to go over it
like as many times as I would with this
like with a straightener I take like
individual pieces and do it like that so
I'm going to do this the whole way
around my head until it's all perfectly
straight um but again I love how it
gives you volume like you can push it up
you can do all kinds of things with it
like you would a normal brush so this is
the finished result my hair looks really
shiny straight sleek baby still sleeping
as well so for and but yeah and that
took no time at all like probably about
five minutes so if you want to grab one
of these person to plan off be sure to
check out the description box again it's
a vanity planet flow ceramic
straightening brush yes got in one and
yes that's how I get ready in the
mornings no need to wake this baby up
what you're breaking the rules or father
day don't be a rule breaker
what how you will break you will make
sure wait oh okay
that ice is here plus we've got the
thing I've always these have the top
thing over her but lately she's guys she
really wants to like look around which
is cool because you can see amore she be
able to just see like a cover over her
and she's just chilling
huh it's your first Father's Day with me
LS yeah how am i doing so far as a
father
how would she wait me imagine with no
right now his tripadvisor my son's like
parent advisor and you could like rate
your parents how would you rate me
unless you maybe not oh yeah they got
rid of it because a cool controller this
oh my goodness I suppose you can look
back in these videos these are these are
like a diary you know years ago to
believe the right diary that's what's
the right Diaries but these are like
video diaries that would you know in the
Python you can you can watch these in
the featured idea so you can be like
liquid daddy wasn't a good daddy to you
I hope so in fairness like I don't want
to get to know honestly like I feel like
I don't want to get to know the children
as much when they're like this small
because anaconda does like ninety
percent after last year's management
where like when they get older he's a
monkey's here I do I get to step in huh
hey Chino is coming in here
hey do you know what's coming in a few
minutes that he ordered something silly
okay
it's something silly can I hear last
yeah let's see you less you see right
here oh you can't see here do you mean
like see her with your hands yeah you
know her yeah yeah
look at you do you get spent off
somewhere here I cannot wait guys for
the summer holidays some holidays then
like if you wish which means no more
school Oh hold on sound like my car
means no more school when school that is
over in a few weeks they're going to be
around to play during the day hmm
so school holidays that he has some fun
things planned hmm the monkey jump jump
jump alright guys watch the buddy
yeah mmm
Melia living desperate Amelia wants to
make a video guys leave comments if you
think Amelia it should be making videos
what you want to make video best and a
big cat you want to make a castle video
you know you want to tell everyone about
this tower we'll see what the people say
and then you check the friendliest
friend channel maybe this summer you can
upload videos I'm going spell I need to
your video just forecast Oh a practice
one for today I think of the about a big
cow it's go and ever that's scary gonna
stop play I'm going to show you how you
can stop that after before I say goodbye
sounds like a good idea okay now it's
broken
Oh what did I suck the fun out of it
love
you know me I think she's like oh QT is
her first full-on laughs she's so cute
hello
