whoa we're going to Lapita to the land
down under the plane goes by and like I
know we're not going to be that we're
going so it was really sunny today Anna
is Dan Adamic mom and her engagement
party with the girl is probably putting
those masky things in our faces and
drinking champagne and pedicures or
something boring but um I was a good
person I am I'm gonna drive in collector
of what well you see here's the dealio
Pope I made for my bro their burger
nothing because um I was thinking again
we're salmon well superb rooms name I
was gonna get a big screen right I was
looking on like a 32-inch or something
for studio you know something nice and
big but he has a 40 inch full 1080p
hundred Hertz beautiful Samsung's maybe
a year and a half old but he's finding
some new 3d vision 40 inch screen so he
sent me the SATs 97 gotta shift the old
and I was like well I'm into the market
for 32 but I'll take a 40 if you want to
take 32 money for it two-year-old 40
it's like yeah it sounds like you don't
plan it was like boom and he doesn't
even open he goes little bit outside
Dublin he'd go back to them and I'm up
here so we're like aw beat you like kind
of halfway so I mean Kildare and then I
was like what a woman Kildare sure might
as well drive up to Dublin and meet Nina
because I'm good like that
that's what asked again what I'll call
Nina yeah Bravo
after that amigo today off the dump me
go today
off to double me go today mommy's gone
astray so we're gonna pick up mommy and
we're gonna pick up 40 inches of 180
progressively strand pixel lines
1920 resolution by 1080 folks years old
and I'm really Drive kiss my bro is
getting the 3d engine I did Bradley
Bradley bloody but for it's a pretty
awesome prices okay gotta go
you guys watching at the Gaelic football
um I just listen there Dublin just
scored one one goal its Dublin and Cork
in the all iron final so uh and you guys
actually supporting o frontier and you
guys actually supporting Dublin or Cork
in the all-ireland final let me know
leave me a comment who do you hope to
win by the time we get home and we'll
have a winner either cork or loved one
looks like well Tom have already scored
so you never know I'm gonna off the m50
am all feet I mean I am fifty and
actually Wow
coincidentally that's the last time I
was bonnet
here we go dance power road oh hey guys
around here just decided to spa world
comes to our old folks license quickly
on the motorway
to
homes potency I was younger I used to be
a popular little disco sort of place
and you guys are gonna disco in his
power I would have been like a kiddies
kind of disco you know I grew up on this
road folks
you guys need Antonia whereas my old
stomping ground this we used to go to
skewer
see it turn her college please each
other and time you can see a buddy's
home mommy's all
I'm just taking all of you just taking
all of our peepees I'm sitting here
waiting for my bro
so I'm well actually I think I think
you've made a mistake here look at the
size of this back that's all screen
folks all the way back there that's our
screen holy crap it is so big
oMG Zach I'm gonna be like climbing into
the screen are you excited
fine as excited as i know i'll be let's
get you some water let's get some water
folks i'm back the cork we go i wonder a
cork winning we must check the radio cuz
dublin square to go and 71 coral and
finally someone got drunk last night
