what did you do treat a treat today I'm
being abandoned folks
I mean abandons leanest iolite is
heading up to Dover now I let my
assistant tell you what are you going
for my engagement party looks she might
be good like that
I would like no boys you owe me 20 goals
okay one like that oh yeah just don't do
anything with the flop until I come back
I'll come back at about 5:00 tomorrow
but sure we do watch over you with the
clunky Nathan I'll tell you what they
don't come - today guys because we have
the internet in sanitation balerion I'm
gonna do that I had questions thing
those thing so today we're honest things
the questions posed to people's yeah so
I'm already ready loaded this morning
else I'm sure that you do now cuz that
means everything I can actually just go
ahead and read oMG that starting next
week and we're going to start because I
don't want the next drive right so I've
done like two lessons winter so far
looking fun yeah okay we got you
whoa second gear that was people has no
work how does it work how you drive go
okay then you turn on the cart
come on the guy I don't do it for too
long and go on get up for to Jory no
somewhere in between you go very fingers
on it go to the crazy
then you put in the clutch just this one
so you have to go if you have short legs
like we have to go like mmm like right
in so you put your Karen actually and
then you go one two in the first gear
and then you that off the clutch would
be shinobi on at the same time put down
the accelerator which is this one so
you're kind of doing both at the same
time and then mister it's going and then
I'm going to change gear why I look so
everything that you put in a clutch off
the accelerator maybe you let off the
exile and then you put in not stop the
roll once you put in their clutches will
disconnect the engine okay you put in a
clutch again you have to go like this
your toys like me and then you take it
you go always well you know you'd bypass
neutrally that's rated first a second
okay that's fine
and then you go all the way down isn't
it and then you let off the clutch and
accelerate what would you wish
oh I forgot about the hand brakes oh
yeah what would you prefer
instead of doing all this touching carry
on all you Americans that your automatic
cars I love driving driving is fine just
let it do it itself smart endurance and
the handbrake that's also pending on
when Norway that was a point of the
Hungary is a hill starting Oh Evelyn oh
yeah we almost didn't roll in backwards
then do so
starting maybe went out he gets back
right we're gonna start doing it every
day for like fifty minutes or so so that
would be kind of fun on it come along
and watch Ana try and last rusty Charlie
Sierra pass our theory test which is in
exam you have to do in Ireland it's like
you're barely the first time where I did
my driving test and which is like ten
years ago some doors no terry test or
anything like you applied for a
provisional license you were sent out
when you're like seventeen you applied
for your task to do turn 18 you passed
your test boat you're driving
well I think it's kind of different for
boys because I don't know orange driving
I don't know any girls that how many of
you guys can drive I have learned to
drive or are in the process of learning
to drive because we can all do it
together we can be like teen lab to
drive all right yeah that'll be fun so
how long does it take we're tracking a
better month
Tianna could be dry
in a month what do you guys think you
can apply for the provisional duty
retest provided we pass at this time
because I have like 30 questions well if
you pass that we have and I can get a
provisional license which means she can
drive on the road and then then everyone
in quark better watch out
all right moving in here with me these
are I get an airport the clinical exams
I think you can just buy them
I know
she's a
I will we take this
behave I'll be a good boy
I'll take happen yeah
11:02 we're fine
oh I need to get captured for the
example well no we're we're not a dream
my mom my stylus on here you have to say
goodbye speaker
Ray's right there yeah two minutes two
minutes any other Airport Italy in
Ireland that's fine but than any other
country it's like half an hour's 400 if
you can get onto it as it's moving okay
yeah yeah
standard standard ages up to like 45
minutes late there's nobody sat in Milan
I've run through a lot of international
airports mission my mommy
one X when they get there oh yeah do
that - can you do that now this I
that's not Mama's ballet and it's done
what what what
running army likes all these Spanish
students coming along here all those
people laughing what are those people
so guys mommy's gone to Dublin for two
days for her engagement party tonight
she said to me on Facebook why aren't
you going to engagement party because
this is like Anna's friends and like
true an engagement party for her so they
do you like they're gone spending the
day shopping they're going to a spa that
drinking champagne they're gonna have a
nice dinner I didn't like a big girly
event where it's like why would I want
to go do that first it's her friend she
needs to do her stuff you know plus I'm
just gonna go home and write a
PlayStation for 24 hours straight so
it's really sad when you leave someone
especially you like myself and I don't
we spend like about 24 hours a day seven
days a week like pretty much all
platforms you wanna have the other
studio and stuff and obviously there's
times were where a part could we spent
pretty much our entire lives intensely
in love and together and then when
someone's gone you really feel that the
unit's just incomplete to rehab that you
know I know that I'm definitely Cynthia
probably feels that that's a Chantal be
saddened because her husband I think he
he like he works like nine months years
I'm looking he's he flies away for like
seven or eight months was on the oh my
god how could you do that it's so
difficult but you know what feels your
pain and has gone for one night and I'm
comparing my 120 450 is like six months
ahead Corbin
Oh help me we're a crazy group we're a
crazy group okay I'm in Dublin with my
friends my Emma in case
and I'll tell you
you're going stop shop okay we're going
to talk to him so that I can get a
balance for tonight it's really quiet
well I have mommy in the house that I'll
be isn't it goodness gracious
so uh I'm gonna go over to mummy
Stylites to drop this this this this
back to your sister starlight and
they're trying give it chair maybe let's
see we'll see what so we don't wanna
settle more I don't wanna let the cat
out of the bag or the dog editor the box
I'm running hungry and there's no food
in the house so thinking bye-bye a big
supply of chicken cheese bagels I've got
the chili sauce coffee that should do
for 24 hours right
what are we having - vanilla and what's
giving us tortillas this is our basket
one of our friends Kate is a vegetarian
so
it has to be a vegetarian dish so we're
getting onions and peppers okay guys um
I did well we can compact the wire
without getting killed by sister to
style that because the last episode of
the second last episode was in her
laptop their chairs ago and I just like
took it out and run and should have to
Facebook message saying like so I got
the back but look I got the chair Zeo
gudetama chair is not difficult to get
in a nano fell apart so heavy but that's
the thing about it it's really good
office chair anything you want wait oh
it's just a sign drop it jack yeah but
for some reason that's a that's a pretty
good one junior mean let's go buy some
bagels let's go buy some bagels any
bagels no survivin biggest rain showers
no need a lot of bagels
