it's not it's not there guys we're going
off to do something totally epic but
before that I'd like to point out a
couple of important facts factor number
one we have internet we have internet
systems in the house I found my like
take my texts or like all your services
are active dude
but in time you're really out which is
supposed to arrive only Tuesday
Wednesday so being amazingly awesome as
I am I got myself another reader
configured it and boom welcome per day
internet second thing Mina Sako knee
this Nina Saucony here this one here
he's going to do become a professional
makeup artist
oh right now she's doing a course she's
decided where she's going to become a
super-duper professional makeup artist
did well did she found here folks
oh look at this one oh this one
but yeah there's nothing there okay so
hi I really convert into t-shirt folks
I'm so excited
I wanted this computer for months months
and years and I've waited people it
wasn't one of these people I got
everything I wanted when I wanted a bar
Felina
I got you when I wanted you boom but
I've waited people waiting is over the
Internet
now he'll of Intel give me your best
processor John who's getting me selfish
now
everyone with the I got the last one
girl
No
without their amazing
no but that's the first yeah
we got a desk to which I I'll put it
together again put my wooden spoon yeah
would you probably get a hammer hammer
then it turns into
yeah I'll just take it in okay
again see what I see if you like them
it's like we're getting alone this
number now with this number here what I
can do is I can subtract this number and
this is this is what we're looking you
know this is okay yep - good day
everyone a monitor hey guys I'm just
laughs I'm just like stroll into the
carpark shopping
looks like they're pushing a stroller
yeah baby sunny baby is the best day
ever guys I'm gonna go home right I
haven't even edited and renders or
anything about me I'm gonna do it all in
like five minutes
it'd be like I think I'll bloated what
what just happened there
Who am I what is it
you've been watching my channel a couple
of videos I was talking about getting
this system yeah just get everything you
want those it's amazing ants yeah how's
the ants are so gross they're all over
our sunroom as well dead one be careful
like all our videos are packing your car
yeah I think oh is this
cheesecake
where do we leave that no you can't do
that anything it doesn't matter bring it
back I'm not leaving all that and I'll
bring record operating tonight Charlie
Bay over fine you wait here you can
watch me guys okay don't put it taking
up a parking space
finally Johnson's toys a lot even bought
I don't get anything I hate those kind
of the days and I don't get some hello I
got mine Jonathan just fixing the bumper
of a car which is hanging off if you've
watched our videos like from the
beginning you know that bumper bracket
I'm dying I think I'm gonna suffocate if
you don't open the window please it is
it's the processor uncle comes along oMG
guys birthday day oh yeah that's
the kind of day where all your dreams
come true
she's a pirate reversing our boat
reverse the indicator now
it's enough to do this look good it was
the CEOs destiny to win today's
competition name the song and I just
thought and the person who sung it and
give you a win why would you be great
it was why there's no actual
presentation okay guys I feel like I'm
always making things fast we get this
done the faster we can turn on the big
computer like a little white sausage
know what I mean tunes for assembly no I
got them here cuz we remember all my
stuff saying now they're very close oh
yes these two rooms like you know the
way it's the first time that we've been
in the house this big yeah but as a
result we've just used the two spoons as
dumping grains I know the house is nice
at this chap can you see this guy oMG
that's so funny I was a teen 13 years
old I was present in this guy's
disgusting
you look like it hasn't been washed
since then do you even need any of those
I do can I have an arrow no not is let
me know if she takes an arrow
yeah you guys should put the box in
there looks like one of those little
buckles that you get your nose baby so
you only have a little doll baby let's
feed it to Alby what kind of a person
are you
that's what he does in the eye because
you let him see water I see the water
and I see the water because is that for
yeah I actually noticed that I was a
shop and I thought like why it's not
even there underneath it a little punky
okay check it out
well I'm put the drawer pardon but it's
money working space well I'm getting a a
new big screen there as well it's the
old screen there now is my precious new
addition to the family
she fits in mastery with all the other
stuff this look at this you see their
hour and 25 minutes and both you click
like here on the picture the more likes
you get the more of a chance day you
have to win so please vote for me and
I'll because they don't like bloody kill
right cook that I like that I like it
what do I do how does this work
get on that case get on that case like a
holy mace and whoever right guys come on
look at that okay that type of little
prayer come on it's get your votes in
please vote for me and I'll be wrong
though
