it is a raining day guys that's no fun
that is no fun at all
what slabber cuz yesterday was so sunny
and I got loads of chores to do today
and it's lashing rain Oh mom who's this
little peanut over here with this little
peanut hello miss pop peanut it's like
you thinking about mapping the studio is
that this thing takes a year to render
hi guys oh subscribe and rate my video
and don't forget to comment so gay yeah
that'd be cool yeah okay thanks bye now
crazy oh I think I stopped myself in the
thingy plus um oh yeah so I I decided
that I checked that yesterday were like
okay so the only broadband I can get
here is DSL what's DSL you site it
asymmetrical deuce how much week but it
comes to the phone line right it's a two
parter comes your phone on maximum like
10 Meg right so we're going about like
seven Meg right so who can supply with
that UPC by the way is out Viking at UPC
I would have UPC here today but I'm not
a new PC area they haven't expanded out
of here I got guys come and check it out
computer says now tried Magnus magnet
are pretty good but they have about ten
houses in the country so if it says now
I tried WiMAX
coming across the nation WiMAX come on
across nature if it says now
her anus the rain
it's not nice rainy day today folks
but we'll see beyond the pleasantries
we garganta dougie
and change gear I'm flipping in 5th gear
please care one run put it go put your
handle anything I'm pushing the coach in
coaches in go go go go go open in we
gotta folks okay and let this day one
and then learning to drive your little
pinch you do actually from the glow club
DJ for a walk around town she's having a
good time
ah welcome to court
what's a bump it see like follow you
oh it's like you're teased it yeah so
you don't really have to bump it the
funny name hmm that's a really good idea
for doing like beehive oh yeah yeah oh
you put your hair over it from flat to
fabulous in seconds
yeah my hundred thousand over there yeah
it's one of those things that I get
thinking that idea
Oh what you don't
what's the cards for wedding annotations
oh really
no I'm making them with them oh good the
prestige one with the little a car and
no I was like him are you getting that
mean because I bought the a prestige
edition off them last year and he was
like he's like Oh lemme just check the
computer says yes he said I keep you
says that yeah they are allocated 10 was
any my 20 uncommon into monsters on that
he's like yeah and he goes put that not
in my book tap so there's only one left
no slide well give that to money so um I
went in and I booked in whoa-ho-ho so I
think it's like November 5th November
6th November 7th or November 9th
actually 9 2011 I think that's what it
is
so am I got my book all right and you
guys actually ridiculous enough to book
your pre edition of a prestige package
for call of duty black ops or maybe your
boyfriend or brother or husband maybe
not you are maybe you did maybe a
girlfriend is girls can play computer
games too you know I actually got shot
by a girl once and I computer game still
haunts me
doesn't matter which I don't play I'm
gonna be cool but then I suppose then
should be like well it's my turn it's my
turn to play ok guys what the hell can
you see these Eagle things then huh okay
I'm already sure what's going on but she
seemed sort of crazy enough did not the
dodge ignore to dodge there's a crazy
man of like weird little things going on
figure I go answers on oh no everywhere
oh my god
these are all Erica's looks they are all
inspired by Erica and she's going to
make me look like different people's
because she's amazing like how do what
is the gangster yo yo let's go to the
disco or we can disco dance all night
and that's the end guys don't forget to
comment rate and subscribe right here we
go 199 decent is it know how many
hangers could you possibly need a 25
another 20 heiner's me to say why I meet
you
is that a typo 40 I mean we bought like
10 of these no forty-niners everyone god
I'm making you come to I'm making you go
to PC well after this by the way I want
to see if we gon' the iCore systems then
cuz I can yeah this for Albie
the caterpillar you know he'd like maybe
you'd like that
no it's killing him
this is where we did it it's not on the
list it's not nonetheless it's not gonna
be made what happens
yeah it's sneaking off because it's
someone I haven't worked like
