that's what I was working on today in
work folks
well not all night cuz I had doing
something the city part there
they're part of a another sort of
advertising teeny then I'm working on I
just thought I'd show you a little bit
in my studio view haha sorry what's your
view there's a big window behind me but
anywho it's another little parent ooh
delightful go for anything any of you
congratulations to all the people I left
the comments that got like three and
fours and 500 points and I'll even serve
I am and commiserations to do not so
mathematicians but then again there was
a thing in the Irish Times this morning
saying that the highest fail subject was
actually max so you know you're part of
a bigger picture so don't feel too bad
about don't be beating yourself up don't
be going home and doing extra maths work
I hope you guys aren't gonna go and do
physics or Max or something you know if
you're gonna study on theology or even
oh I don't know
arts then there's no need for the
mathematics okay don't fret co so hadn't
yeah I know every single chance my
brother's birthday today
my brother is spy on drones ik mmm-hmm
mr. t 2 years old whoa
but he doesn't like to celebrate his
birthday nor does he watch these videos
so happy birthday big bro but you know
he's never gonna see it or hear it but
he's cool he's the guy to explain
zombies with zombies
it's actually called a world at war Call
of Duty but we don't play call of duty
world at war but just playing a zombie
thing you know you know how it is but
there's no rumors that the black ops
gonna happens on myself so we're pretty
darn excited about that
are you excited about that just be
excited for me well you see the vlog on
the future November it's going to be
kick-ass I'm gonna get one of those
midnight releases and he queue up all
night long and I'm gonna get that little
remote-control car thing you guys don't
know what the hell I'm talking about I
think I posted a link to it on my
facebook there about a week or so ago
about some some pack that they're
releasing a special backward you get
like this remote-control car and you got
like a metal and you got like a uniform
and it's so stupid but you know I'm
totally gonna cue up and get it because
hype can make you do something crazy if
you guys ever been caught up in the hype
of something like a forthcoming album or
a film or something where you were kind
of interested in it so you you might
have googled it or something the next
thing you know there's hype involved
like I remember Modern Warfare 2 I
didn't really like the modern more for
franchise of the computer game you know
I like the world at war that the Old
World War 2 rifle stuff right so my
brothers begin to and I'm like I'm not
really into modani gonna get it coming
towards the time everyone else is bloody
getting and everyone's excited about it
and there's so much information on it so
you decide ok fair enough next thing you
know it's midnight and then the day
before the release and I'm
midnight not just by this time tomorrow
am I the top and prestige package that
comes with night-vision goggles a book
event animated to murder game that came
with it things like color unity warning
there's like everything I have this huge
can of paint character and all sorts of
stuff like swear to God I saw the game
after about two weeks because it's
absolutely I don't know and something
more like I don't really like modern
warfare
you know I guess there's no I don't know
- anyway so if you guys have been caught
up in me and the hype of something he
bought something or got something I
didn't really want just because he's
good - hi Becky
we are going to get some you know it's
so sunny he does all day it is so sunny
- that she brought the iPhone and then I
went and I kind of fixed it but there
was a problem with the it's a 3G iPhone
another 3GS it's a 3G iPhone and
apparently the 3G iPhones with the 4.0
point one operating system that Apple
had which iTunes isit iTunes give me the
new upgrader
and restore it and it gave me they gave
me four point 0.1 so that's what I used
but it slowed down the entire user
interface and then the the data thing
just like locked out so she could use a
tree G she couldn't use the wires just
actually just crap like uni work for an
hour's on that so today I put 4.0.2 on
and now it is working I'm selling folks
about how I fixed your iPhone twice me
just just sign here please his crayon is
that full of crayons or is it just like
one massive empty crayon
18 mini water color paint pots
incomplete
so we're down Tesco we're gonna hook
ourselves up some things some Lucio's Oh
beats him in a test oh you can't beat
someone in Tesco well girl these like
photocopied games who wants a photocopy
game I totally won't wear em hey we had
a conversation about Modern Warfare
today my peeps my peeps it's quite empty
today in here this is a good time to go
shopping when days Oh somebody's bored
somebody's got the boredom bug is that
random you know if you guys had randoms
here and I was looking for those that
round she is around here randoms then
who makes him put the ads would be funny
cuz they just say like crazy random so
you guys remember here last week's in
life when you're like this everything
here like the weird selection of all the
weird things put together yeah kind is
but then it's kind of not quite marzipan
a little bit tulip tulip it's a little
trip can you say trouble trouble
uh-huh guys be honest have I overdone it
a bit
you get the right ones pizza polo god
damnit pizza polo may not be honest now
is that too much but they're all on
special offer they're all in special
offer we just buy them and save them up
for a rainy day
I need a cool kick cool kids alright
what the old room do you guys use I have
to use the camera this because I'm full
of chocolate yeah oh look what we've
ended up guys
of course we did I always end up here
when you go much maybe she's warming it
maybe it's near the other
deodorant
after follow the instructions okay folks
one day enough to dream up
- Darian mode
Erol
don't
put me put on the vent insert cash a
select payment time please stand your
cut
please insert your card yummy yummy
yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy just
like a Friday today guys cuz I am not
back in the studio until Monday so it
kind of feels like it's a Friday feeling
and the fried egg fried a feeling of
pride a feeling I don't know Wednesday
what do you think about that craziness
Albie I saw misty today Albie when I
came home you better hope to me she was
that hell old to me I'll be as in
kinsale today what mommy mommy and javi
went to can sell well that he was making
shiny balls and like computer system but
he made a physics engine so the physics
engine I mean the balls fall down like a
mop the floor with him I'll be the
purposeful miles on Memphis is I'll be
put a smile on your face the evils the
common the well we put a smile on your
face
oh my god to me guys who have comments
were like I got like 400 points my
lyrics are in 300 and so on that's
pretty good house I'm to you
congratulations powering back for those
who use that failed mathematics well you
do check this out right we got this in
the door today from Ashton school and
you guys know it Ashton school ID roads
education all right
funny thing about it is I wrote
education looks like a Chinese menu hi
can I get the can I get the wood carving
with side order
baby massages thanks anyway
you can't see it because I can't zoom in
right but they have like some of the
classes here are so funny that they have
one called like beginners for computers
right it's an eight-week course now I'm
not going to anywhere that to begin our
computers but week one opening a Word
document okay we to saving a Word
document
we three saving as hardcore week for
advanced Excel whoa which is kind of
crap because as a matter of fact on one
knows if these guys were up to speed
with the movement of the Internet they
would know open-source programming is
becoming quite popular wouldn't they say
my friend when flying that so
open-source would be not window wouldn't
be like Microsoft Excel on Microsoft
Word writing that crap like could be
like OpenOffice cuz on when I offenses
free go ahead OpenOffice Duggal it I
think it's OpenOffice that or download
it it's also free there's also a problem
blender right there because I write
custom shaders for 3d I'm able to
actually take the blender user interface
and they allow you to because it's an
open-source user interface I'm able to
actually rewrite the script and the C+
programming so I'm allowed to actually
do whatever I want in blender whereas in
3dsmax on Maya you're gonna come across
problems where the custom shaders that
you want to use you're going to be
limited plus there's like copyright
issues and Bloody Bloody Bloody Bloody
what open source is way for it so
they're kind of like you know teaching
people about Microsoft only products
just kind of crap and you guys use any
open source products or do you go brand
are you like a brand or are you a brand
go on Anna went and bought a pile of
these things the other day right look
this is for cutting vegetables this is
for cutting meat this is for cutting
fish this is for what is that not a
chicken yeah I think it's a chicken
and then this is something else but my
problem is that I have a pizza here
so please what do you use for pizza but
there's only one board okay my pinky
course when you are upstairs I want the
big one flap so you get into paint okay
Yeomans ii Humanzee I am yeoman C
vitamin Zi Yan Zi Ponzi heavens ecommons
Yeomans a Taman Z but I Tommen Zi Yan Zi
the right thumb and even today I can see
allergy Monday I'm a date and what are
you making up some crazy Germany
language even right now don't you know I
don't spackle z2 each nits Paco Dages
pixel which is so good people
instructions the battery on the camera
is kaput
