morning folks that's a Monday morning
the Sun is just basically coming up over
the horizon and I'm enjoying a nice cup
of joe
what's the Alby
look at it stay to the place all that
stuff arrived but or made putting it
away the fun part is the unpacking gives
you like oh this when you like limited
stuff or like I don't know what's it
like to movie three weeks I've lived
through it and all this stuff and now
it's all backing it's like hey that's
pretty cool I'll be pretty happy cuz
that part of his toys are right here
what are you doing I'll be okay he ate
the whole box taking the whole box he
gonna take it all yeah
you just toys I've been taking out
trying everywhere
come on yeah that's all I'll do
it's my help come on don't give up need
luck
we think he's found something edible
oh is that help me I don't need those
mommy because it's like seven or
something so I don't think mommy's up so
it's a lovely Monday morning there is
actually something as much as you hate
Monday mornings there's something fresh
new about a Monday morning cuz it's like
the start of something plus even better
Ericom just texted me that's like
exactly eight o'clock and a button
um and they said we are going to don't
forget about your appointment tomorrow
tomorrow we're not gonna broadband
tomorrow what we might get the light
install tomorrow
and once the lines in so then I can
check to see which type of bravura again
then we might get the energy or stuff
I'm like oh my god not only totally
amazing
oh yeah no no I don't show you guys
later because Nana's iPhone is it's not
broken but I finally got it working
right right finally done oh c'mon
everything's working and then I have to
go online you know to activate them to
iTunes I have to go online of course you
can stay here yet I tried to tell her it
off my iPhone but it wouldn't let that
happen so it's not working so she has is
like Nakia 57 something rather like it
is most I think it's like the first
telephone ever invented it to are like a
backpack and like a wire coming at the
top your life and now and now 52 days 15
days okay it's not that bad but it's
pretty crazy yeah my iphone stores I
don't see it the problem is it's great
kids are great kids are important
fool is important this school is really
important you guys you make sure to go
to school what how would you feel about
never going back to school because it
takes me about 10 or 15 minutes to get
from my house to the University here
which I'm just coming up to now right 10
or 15 minutes right because it's always
16 but wait you see it's gonna happen in
like 15 days or something or whatever
you guys it's I think it's not so much
the seconds you just want to primary
school the parents drive to the school
but man traffic is gonna be mental then
there's gonna be so much traffic and
it's gonna suck ass I'm gonna leave so
much earlier so I think I think the
timer skills or whoever gets them into
school either let's start this new
initiative where everyone has to walk to
school themselves or don't go back to
school I don't know should we come and
take it here off take it off take your
time relax
you get driven to school or do you walk
this girl which one are you
it's like 8 o'clock and it is lashing
rain like where the hell did that come
from and it's just dropping them Alps
inside cuz we're gonna head to Tesco and
get some shopping because I had there
was nothing for breakfast I didn't bring
a lunch which made I had to go and get a
lunch which is a pain in the arse and
now
alby's actin funny what's he doing I am
so tired guys i built the city today
guys well I built it in 3d but still
that builds the city I know it's so so
difficult I didn't even take a lunch I
didn't get I didn't take anything I said
I know I sat in front of a computer for
about 10 hours or something like that
and I built a city I created it so I'm a
creator of a city today but I am so
tired and I need some food
big time well we got fed in mama style
ads so so this was good job mm-hmm good
yeah mm-hmm well why is it raining
it's like jorah hot it was just that it
was so sunny and then today it's like
lashing rain ah Eric you got her am her
school uniform favor first time she was
just showing us it so she's really
excited and you guys gone into first
year or and you guys came into first
year in college or first year of primary
school I doubt anyone's gone into first
year of my window but fresh air in
second feet or first year in college I
know what is that like a junior what you
go I'm a freshman I'm gonna call it in
high school I'm not sure how in America
when you finish high school not sure
what it is but in Ireland it's about 17
or 18 or sometimes 19 people finish
school and go into college or they go
around 13 they go into first year but
yeah so she's pretty this is like five
days a week and she gets a half-day
Wednesday and she has to go to school to
like half three or like quarter for
sometimes whereas normally it's like
when you're in primary school you finish
it like two o'clock or something
everyday so it's like I'm so excited you
know
she's looking forward to because hey I
guess you feel like such a grown-up
don't you I don't know where the first
time you get to university as well you
feel like oh man you're a uniform it's
like whoa you're growing up but you know
novelty novelty Hokies wear thin and now
I Drive to university every single day
I'm 30 years old I'm still there what's
going on now CUDA Nina
right on cue a busy behavior is a
behavior I don't know you never know
cause you're the most beautiful you're
out in the world so sweet chilli share
words will we get rice which won't get
Uncle Ben as well look Oh fab
I thought we probably won't get this up
for the whole week just for a few days
yeah all the time it's a great though it
saves us so much money and it saves me
so much time
you should have fajitas though it's like
a Nikita's for lunchtime
