one of steers mine finder like change
things up a little bit folks maybe a
checker look at mommy
and a little pretty hair I love what
you've done with your hair today like
twist off and test on its trusty thing
oh my god guys it is so sitting today
it's like it Caribbean or something out
here you guys see just look at your son
it's like bursting through the fields
but I simply refuse opens name I don't
know if the EM camera really actually
shows how beautiful and sunny yesterday
my god I love a Sunday that's actually
sunny don't you Albie Oh shake it off at
me it's the water
I think he's like then
are you doing Ali you can't get out
there you can kind of get out a little
bit their movie is so sunny tonight we
trying to get Alvey down to the water's
edge as you can see the tide is out I
figure at regular water drink you drink
you drink you Tommy
jinkies oh you're pretty hot today
aren't you mommy mommy doing down there
mommy doing down there now I'm not gonna
read that somewhere my good shoes what
you see right there pass the barnacles
just pick him up and bring him right
there I think he's trying to get us
himself there yeah
see he's just so hot he's just gonna try
and slip on if I told him to do that
there's a little pocket
can you get it boy Alvey yay
oh it's all right you're not human
wait for the 10 million comments ah you
can't give your dog salt water I'll be
are you saying that yeah they it's
taking forever
some days it takes really long and some
days it's really really short I didn't
know why cuz it's only about 10 or 11
minutes
no about 10 minutes or so today and it's
just like an hour and a half us on that
I don't know God into this month I am
talking myself up with a new computer
folks I can't do this thing on it's
thinking forever and plus it's like it's
falling apart okay so we're gonna hook
us up with a new computer soon but for
the moment I'm gonna bake little slice
drop it in take it up press it on
collateral damage and bring it up big a
person hey Carson you can bake a slice
like me get yourself up Big Dawg spicy
oh he's so tired
there's the mommy shut it down what
drive - let's get on the go
love this stuff Valley free roast
chicken bits Oh yummy
got some sort of a cheddar ething mature
trigger I don't know which one it is
well we got it get the second one to go
for Hannah okay it meets it okay it's
not working folks encourage it to work
better
there we go there's we go ZZZ as soon as
that's finished we will put that in
there someone asked me um this isn't a
proper understand we will we will hook
that up when we got the internet hookup
what someone's asking me do I call an
Amina and why do I call an Amina
well it's fairly simple why do I call
you mean I mean yeah Vanina you got it
folks right from the horse's mouth right
from the Nina's mouth that's why I call
her Nina because it's a derivative I'm
sorry I took the minions oh it's a
relative of the minion health I know
English good yeah and then why do you
call me Jonathan Jonathan which the
derivative form of that became Nathan Jo
sometimes you call me Nathan which is
not me no my name is Jonathan joliet not
Nathan Joe or Joe Nathan actually I went
to school with a guy called Joe and a
guy called Nathan and that's pretty
funny because Joe and Nathan and I'm
like Joe Nathan in the middle but um
well kind of thought that was known
but yes it's zero one okay so miles
asked me I'm just thinking off the head
because you don't have internet do my
tattoos mean anything and you know why
did I get them done and do I regret it I
definitely don't regret any them ever
ever ever because when I'm gonna get a
tattoo you know I wouldn't just try and
I would never pick from the book step 1
don't pick from the book because any
appear from the book you can be pretty
darn sure that someone else in the world
has that and I don't want to be sharing
the same design with somebody else so
I'd always a me either draw them out
myself or come up with a design and then
what I'll do is like for a while before
I actually go and get it actually inked
I'll actually go and look at the tattoo
you all the time and and keep looking at
and keep thinking like do I want to
still want it's because sometimes you
find that after like even a month you
might look at me go oh she said I know I
like that as much and then you know
what's on you you kind of stuck with it
so you know like obviously doing here is
my name up here Jolie that's never gonna
change
this thing here started up here and then
sort of elongating and down to here here
I was like you know could have finish it
it's it's like if you have tattoos you
understand that it's not about it it's
not a rush to finish because it's not
about finishing anything it's about my
journey of my life and this is my body
so I'm customizing and every time I sort
of achieve something I graduate from
college I made it make a life decision
or don't something personal to in my own
subconscious that I wanted to you know
mark and remember I've got some ink done
and you know my back I've got a dragon
it says carpe diem and just a little bit
so erasing the stars and each of them
symbolize something to me but it's not
like have you got them finished cuz it's
like this to me isn't finished or it's
not started or Sun halfway through it
it's not anything it's just a memory to
me of why I got it done or maybe I'll
tell more maybe I want I don't know he
just said if I feel like I'll get it
done you know
yeah so and you guys got tattoos give
you some comment those and what are the
questions you blast
what's the difference between quid euros
quick wits up my slacks you already got
a euro a euro is obviously the European
currency is euros and then that's for
the notes and then cents is the little
coins a quit it quit was kind of like an
English pound
um I think you kept saying Tanner Tanner
is like 10 euros a tenner a fiver there
5 euros and pounds we don't have we used
to have pounds here years ago so
sometimes likewise 20 quid you know me
because I'm used to using the word quit
as in like 20 pounds when we used to
have Irish pounds which is actually call
a punch not a pound which is the English
to have pounds and then you know what we
call it once but then it was like 20
creator like a monkey years ago you stop
slang for like twenties and fifties and
hundreds and stuff we were so cool back
daddy
but yeah Quinn's Quinton Mike expected
oh yeah I think Alan's dynastar on
YouTube like ages ago we were together
we were together about a year before you
doesn't it
and I had an earner channel sniffy
Sophie but your things to need it now
and yeah thank me just shoot up CRT - I
didn't I didn't know I'm gonna use
YouTube for my journal from Jody channel
I was uploading like college work and
stuff like that like I never saw it as
something to vlog or anything like that
and then Anna was she created a few
videos which is like em like tutorials
for like I don't know like had to copy
celebrities and stuff like makeup and
dress and all that stuff and then you
know she meet we're just talking we're
not cheating with his idea so like why
not like you know I want to write this
book and I want to do all this stuff to
help like young teens because she
struggled ourselves you're like I'm
gonna make up a channel and I'm gonna
like help these kids up so that's what
she set up like the style like the
official style diet one and yeah and
that was like two years ago now or
something that a year ago a year ago I
said no I wasn't moving then I don't
know anyway yeah so am I got into a bad
it was the New Year's Eve you checked
like when I created my channel it was
New Year's Eve of 2009 and I was like on
you know I'm gonna do YouTube this year
like I'm gonna give it a go I cuz it
seems like such a cool way to express
yourself and I'm recreated I like making
funny funny things so I started doing
obviously the stuff you can see back in
my era stuff with just like the little
skits and the space and it sort of
messing about it and then well my own
interest in social media and curiosity
that you know this stuff is obviously
more engaging I find in television that
I started a blog 63 days ago today folks
thought I feel so old I'm gonna retire
soon 65 but yeah so that's that question
so I can't think of any other ones but
you got any questions leave them below
and it seems you do get the Internet up
and running and you guys work for air
con we're own air calm or can like take
a string and like pull it hook me up
with some internet and then doesn't be
done faster okay
yeah
like guys hey we got some books I'll be
got a toy car
oh no you're gonna get it what is it
what is it it's a windy up in burger
it's a of Kinder car
shake out all my stuff boom my own biome
by the what oh that's not again man
Oh watch your head Albie the guys check
it out all the stuffs is here has
arrived
I'm very happy and now all my stuff is
here I mean what's gonna
oh no it's like way at the end like we
get like you Oh Oh make it drive make it
drive from under here make you drive
that itself hey Ravi mom's stupid
because she rolls a fork you just roll
it back you just roll it backwards
no you're going will forward back
forward back forward back
so yay yay yay yay all the stuffs of all
these cables external hard drives we've
got light reflectors and tripods and
Ducati jackets and all sorts of good
stuff limited edition modern warfare
packs which came with a little head one
the telescope II know we're going over
to mama style last upload yesterday's
vlog but we're all happy my stuff has
arrived
look at this buckles over here right
sneak peek oh snap
hey every page looks empty we do it this
way it said the game is NEPA pick pick a
page Oh one sees one sees can't have
sees
