bonne journee just to change things up a
little bit guys today I am going to make
this into a bookshelf and this and no
not that part this part in this part I'm
going to turn it into a bookshelf what's
going on over here I'll be what's that
what's that get froggy this problem -
froggy safe area
why are you get the home so more because
I need to get a frame
if it says now give or take leaving
photos right and I'm in a video today
she looks super hot nerd the lighting is
pretty good in new place serving
suggestion a fireplace
did you realize me one video in the wall
all right mommy okay I'm finished so I'm
gonna try and put this app app words
together that's step one folks might
need a lot that's okay that's it it's
like poor all the sweets all the genes
neurons modern stuff it comes with a
little atom
well we need a screwdriver it up I mean
inside where does this go Oh what kind
of Chef level as you like so we pray for
the top and a bottom run this probably
on the same line you see those two
little bits go together rather than mine
yeah yeah
white pops in here I guess maybe do the
middle ones three four five six one two
three four five six
how does make a difference it's all the
same now pardon a little helper Joe
furnace they go in there right
oh these type of thing is like huh you
guys are efficient putting these things
together you start to learn the crazy
way in which these are made crazy
Swedish people I came up with all that
stuff right from Ikea mr. IKEA
you guys remember that back in little
area right that time that conversation
what are you doing especially oh I'd
rather hurt your little fingers you
pushed him in delicate hands
well how so let's just squish all those
things in yeah but you don't need that
money you're gonna win it
oh because obviously I'm not going to
put the three of them there yeah
oops why shouldn't the squish them in so
much all right it's coming in I don't
think that way look I think just leave
the middle ones Ken yeah yeah well the
middle middle all the way if you twist
it it comes out with my arse mmm
no one was the easiest have some sort of
opsin on is a really nice
you sent it in there for some reason I
can do it and you can't cuz I have
little our fingers know just like the
dot makes it look like makes it look
like there's another hole oh really yeah
that's all here you just got it right on
yeah yeah I'm good like that
okay that's sad let's try this now
Johnson be careful there's I'll be here
our guys help me shut up Chelsea Prince
I think it is guys huh
it's a super cool check this out right I
think this sounds like poop stick some
cardboard for it's like would just add a
little bit of extra texture to back yeah
it's so simple what yeah how do you you
just don't want to put it in no just
think of anything you need it do you
well that hold books don't ya know hold
just about anything oh oh yeah I hope
it's bringing all this toys that look oh
let's try just as your it looks more
like a shelf yeah yeah
like that hum or anything so well I
think those things the things that are
left over are probably no yeah got the
text
well if you don't want you if you're too
lazy or not man yeah boy just for big
night big things we have part of that
house or something oh yeah you know the
big ends another song um the TV I'll be
what do you do what are you doing
Christon listen listen monkey what I'll
be you in a monkey
put there's a monkey do this is what I
used to get beaten over me so we're over
mama style let's look what I'm having
for lunch so allow me so me with some
Hill Medan and bagels making some bagels
for Nina - what do you want oh my god
can you guys get across words mama
styler and sister style I are like
amazing and crosswords come here and sit
there and they're like even mama style
life is like that what's it called the
cross air which is like the hard core
crossword and you guys do crosswords you
guys get across words
I'm just gonna put it out there I'm not
gonna cross words because I think you
have to like train your brain I'm good
at the Sudoku one but the not the cross
or the Alice's or it's a worth a number
at work class class number cheated man
before you know look we've come over
here for a dedication dedication to the
cause folks up saluting Z loading fry
hey today is the day where I'm gonna
actually do all the loading fry camera
and you guys need to load and fry it Sam
is it a shopping center it's an
apartment store in Munich I think it's
like it's off Maximilian stress it's
down take a right and it's just
basically right there yeah I was in
there when you go in like this guy opens
the door for everything's like wouldn't
talk mine Freund so it's a common today
so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna head
in there now I'm gonna run to a lot of
common questions and we're gonna we're
gonna we're gonna we're gonna attack
that addict with ass Tyra so Johnson
going home badly so we're back home now
guys I must say that I did not get a
chance to look at any of the comments
today because this silly bloody internet
problem so let me just read a dress it's
right once we get the internet here then
I can start uploading every single day
and then we can start being able to read
the comments and stuff and then I'll be
able to do it then oh maybe we'll do
like a monitor all exam blogtv things I
don't know some will work or work
something out okay don't worry about it
okay so am oh yeah what's her name
Dubrow flat not be floral Quincy's
fireplace fireplace congratulations you
found now be reality has a channel in
case you missed the essay I'll be too
Maltese and floral fancy found it and so
am maybe I love you might post a little
comments to her channel huh what do you
think Ally would you do that
would you be good enough to do that
would you post a comment what did you
lose
my ideal would you be good enough um I
was pretty pretty excitable that's mine
that's mine I'll be give me that give me
that out of me there's nowhere left to
turn to pee whoa so I can have this
basically basically you're saying I can
have that right so basically you're
saying I can have that right so
basically just and I can have that right
so basically you're saying I can have
that right so I can have that right all
right can I have that sorry excuse me
can I have that piece I'm gonna look
back is he still there okay you in my
alley
