hello friends and welcome to the
sunniest day ah yummy your life
yeah did you like that if you like that
wire just eat a cherry me and we were
just outside today just so nice and
sunny guys so you broke out this old
couch which is full of twigs instead of
the table with the breakfast was that
you see a little insect yeah yeah it's
just a visitor you should come in to
visit here that's all aren't you
beautiful the beautiful flow of life
business hello Amenia Thomasina did you
enjoy your cherry what you didn't like
the cherry Oh Jeff and cherry cola no
isn't dr. pepper no you did it wide open
as we know and we need water like this
cherry real see debris - yeah we can
have a rear side wha yeah real I mean I
Thomasina taken beginning immediately
hey Eduardo Jonathan circulatory add
water little delicious
this is like that you know that YouTube
channel where the kids try all the weird
food dishes right now no no no no no no
each of each of sharing and cuddles okay
so taste the cherry let me see you guys
eat the cherries need to cherry first
eat a chair you can get a cuddle is it
yummy
now you may come for a cuddle did you
like yours Amelia and you having great
success
oh thank you
all right go back and have another one
then you get another cutter
what are you doing you can picado -
somebody got poo on their shoe did you
get it by work that's usually quite good
though
let me turn it to spray mode I try that
we go ma'am yeah
hi mrs. are you ready to go on a little
adventure
are you ready to go in and into an
adventure and you maybe be going into an
adventure
are you really going in isn't a ninja
check this parking right I parked on a
no parking sign as special all right we
are at a special fair this is not having
a fun time
ready guys - OH - into our fair come on
mister what yeah just wait put your hat
back on please my goodness the guys
getting the cupcake weirdo got it white
one and me - that pink one
oh you don't like my cupcakes now which
one - lollipop yeah that will make it
happy like that I wore jeans and it's so
hot oh my goodness I was wearing a short
or a dress like you're done speaking too
hard but I've now can we get an I love
dad Pat here please
no a media where I love that get is what
I love that one
I heart dad dad smarter best no sunshine
dad anything
oh that's that super dad will take it no
sorry
alright well alright net are broken
touches hide water which would be one
what it is you want an elephant one oh
let's match immediate one you Betty
think that see what that he would add
fifty years ago
wonderful and what is looking after
lasted for me in a great job there
alright was on happy birthday to do two
guys do - oh he's ten years old today
and they invited me down to go to a
Father's Day event where you see all the
cool down here is what dad's get off
their lives dad's on Patrol
everybody's Neela hi she's a dad for
today
hi I'm here for the birthday party
it's your birthday cake do you think I
was just going to say do you think I can
climb on that I know a James Bond did it
what the oh oh my goodness there's
people there oh my god how do you do
that how do you do that I want to do
action okay so apparently there's a
giant birthday box around there someone
we're looking for it I didn't see a
birthday box
I did see none those though anyway I
don't want four cheeky Nando's anyone no
I got happening we have is a big giant
birthday box around here somewhere
that's what we're looking for right
steel guys giant birthday box
soozee these who is the world look at
this thing
it's a giant birthday one oh can I go
inside a Vivian anyone this is the Box
keeper here okay tell me what prizes I
could win so there's a fantastic range
of positive tickets to go see Justin
Bieber
they were tickets to come up at the o2
BRP accident for the o2 priority lounges
drink vouchers and free parking there's
quite a wide range I'm gonna defend me I
just walk into that in in that box all
my dreams are in that box okay here we
go we're almost there guys
you can actually visit it by the way you
come to the o2 you can visit this or if
you go where's the Facebook page visit
the Facebook page facebook.com 400 doing
the o2 go there guys
I'm going to show you in a minute what's
inside here what's inside the giant box
oh my goodness oh my goodness oh my win
alright we're at the front and I owe my
mom everything we're almost almost there
he's the gatekeeper that guys that guy's
the gatekeeper if you can get any guys
so close okay he's the gatekeeper oh we
go guys good luck
whoa whoa his name's berry blue how are
you - oh we're good
hi Jonathan what a race with our
presents are walking away so victory
dance
don't go watch any more special word oh
forget the best crime yeah yeah we had
fun doom now's the time you get to read
it already
gimme pengon and it's all on film what
go beautiful presentation
beautiful pressing things oh yeah well
you look like reason and you are going
to receive notice of the high quality I
can tell you the because of that decree
go
don't laughing at me by Christmas kids
they're laughing at me now we have
another emergency because emma is coming
into the airport as in London but
weren't quite near the airport
and we were like texting her to tell her
to come here because Erica's still here
because she's helping me out but she's
not answering her phone
and I think it's because she can't she
hasn't got Wi-Fi and I am afraid that
she might have gone to Brighton already
because I texted her like multiple times
and it's not delivering so oh if that is
the case that's really bad
and yeah don't really know what to do
about that so um I'm gonna make a coffee
I think that likes make me feel better
do you want your coffee sure yeah Jared
oh good I you sure though I can do cachi
no all right okay Oh Eduardo is on his
tractor which he loves best Christmas
present ever
look at him he's so good at it as well
so cute hi Eduardo Eduardo hi hmm
I said hello you look handsome
hold on yeah what are you just what are
you doing
whoo making a house that's very creative
well done oh nice lesson here why we're
chillin here after I was at my box of
just a utilitarian dinner party with our
fire dragon move we got tickets to Vegas
with my jokes my trophy tonight - you're
killing it here so cool Father's Day
dad's the best guys
Oh
Oh
Ellen
a quick little update we managed to grab
hold of Emma her flight was delayed by
an hour so that's what was going on so
we are having their dinner and a minor
are supervising and she'll make a baby
and you've never seen a thug she's got a
whole excited when I came over
hi hi hello hello hello I see that hi
Cena Oh see knees look at the leg oh
she's so cute
oh I know baby
all in however it is not food right now
because it's just so hot oh my god drunk
so much water today I just feel like
calm down but not possible it's so city
and also I got some new pots and like
flowers for etc front door which is
actually our back door kind of doesn't
make sense but anyway and yeah Eduardo
picked this off one of them for Emma
just pop great
alright couple hours later we're still
here don't take it off guys take it off
in
it's the best water saver it is my snap
and I am home here's oh I think I feel
like I'm a rock star maybe I have a
rough start guys man I'm sorry guys haha
again hear anything right Venice
ah it's worth the one that got it so
long I'm inside
whatever got everything okay look at
this okay so the kids are definitely in
bed asleep
I hope so noise leave it all off
you either hush think ah look at the sky
it's kind of amazing kind of amazing
I'm gonna slice is a top-up it's a toad
oh okay right better go inside and see
left family the reason I would away the
anagen company is to get obviously shape
to stay home and I think Eric I went to
Brighton I think Emma flew in today and
they all went to Brighton no Allan
didn't go to Brighton yeah I'm gonna go
guys see you tomorrow for amazing for
Thursday story
ah
