good morrow mine finders what you making
my coffee you see this is my my I'm not
coming to the studio coffee because look
at the size and it allows me just to
linger slowly over the coffee but then
on the internet' is I have a quick
coffee a Jojo a fast Joe because I'm
usually rushing yet oh my gosh I mean
has an actual cake in his red way did
you get the pig Alvey ready to get the
piggy oh look there's the new rug that
oh my god isn't that much nicer then
just flicked you're like yesterday's big
no not yesterday's like two or three
days it goes or whenever you'll see this
room without the new rug it's not rug so
much nicer it's really similar to the
one that we had in talking but that's
what is that Sam my mom says yeah yeah
what I like him computerized devices I
think we're gonna head over to the
market there's that there's a market in
Cork City on Thursday mornings and last
Thursday I was in the studio small
enough as it is
have you ever eaten a black banana would
you either blue or would you chop it off
like me be like I probably wouldn't need
it but I really eat bananas that much
viciously and brutally attacked her up
I'm wearing a wife-beater I am a wife
beater
come on life I don't beat so guys here's
a little a little question I got a pose
to you right
we were em I was sitting there you know
announcer Sam
I was checking up on some things and
doing some tally padding's and I'm
thinking you know ever since that we got
their litter ages and stuff when we were
like moving forward and publishing a
book absolutely nothing is happening
what what you asked
that's funny it's like ever since all
those things happen nothing has happened
and it's kind of annoying isn't it cuz
it's like yeah I know right yeah just
bureaucracy and then we have to go over
here and then we through didn't need to
diet me through this and all that time
we're sitting you're waiting going like
but we did all the work you know we had
the art competition that the people that
wanted to harvest daddy and that they're
waiting around because there I go you
hold off and everything like that and so
we're getting a little frustrated and
you know they say like oh we're gonna
get some working on that but nothing
really happening so you know I notice a
growing trend Jeremy let me just put
online those those things see the graph
is here and we want to get here but
generally mean you can't until you
penetrates marketplace and the
communications overlaps behaviors yeah
so did you notice that okay put your
hand up or maybe even comment if you
guys watch more YouTube than you do
television enough put your paw by their
paws I accept them exactly exactly so
you know that shows you that people are
making like people that are making their
own entertainment in a way you know all
the YouTube people that are making those
videos are entertaining me more than the
television people and because the same
music you need on itunes do you like
cheaper go to itunes would you go into a
shop and buy a record I searched and I
have a record from our record or if you
got a chain just oh yeah pretty then
download that and then do you buy a lot
of independent music stuff on iTunes
that's a lot cheaper because it hasn't
been going to a record company install -
the same thing people making raw music
making your films making their own TV
making our entertainment making their
own stuff and putting their own stuff
out there and like my job like as the
digital media I like him something is
that I develop media for online
structures often instructors 2d 43d any
any D and intervention so you know we
developed a book we designed the book we
took the photographs of Island suffered
you guys the ones that entered in one
did somebody artwork which is amazing
you know everything is done all we
needed was the distribution and it's
like well isn't YouTube isn't what we're
doing now a perfect platform for
distribution oh not this challenge
there's like you want over there where
zillions what did you hit it I think I
might hit 30 cows and subscribers today
if you're not subscribe to that's our
light over there that's gonna and I can
imagine a real-life enactment of a
YouTube person what have you so funny
anyway let's all go to market let's all
go to market attention span so we
weren't singing oh it's straight back
into anything you know and it seems we
design and do it all in the book I said
I finish all off that public right not
publish it but create the entire book
ourselves okay boom here it is okay I
probably need the book now we'll make
that available online for like half the
price a quarter of the price that it
would be in the shop because we can do
that because we don't have to go to a
publisher every night and you just
companies out there that would allow you
to print hard copies - and have hard
copies of it and we'll develop an e-book
and an e-book is I don't know you I
don't even know what an e-book is they
think it's just like a PDF that you
download it's not that at all what you
do is that I'll write a program that
it's like you download a program like a
computer game and you click on it and it
installs and when it installs what you
have is the entire book in front of you
interactively so plus all pictures you
can
turn you have an iPad you can like flick
in the pages long ago yeah it's not like
we're talking miss beautiful and then at
the Faculty of those interactive
sections where you can like fill in your
details or you can like you know like
start all type of idea where you can
move the clothes around and it's gonna
be awesome at it's gonna be that didn't
work it's gonna be it's gonna be awesome
you guys have to get in on this anyway
think I think this is like the best idea
you've ever had in your entire ever life
and leave a comment tell me that go over
and subscribe to her if you haven't
subscribed to her and he's subscribe to
him you can find him oh you can find him
I'll be has the YouTube channel by the
way I set it up a while ago if you can
find it I'll give you it's his name and
he's only he's only subscribed to two
people yeah so little TV in the
satellite okay if you didn't get yeah if
you can find it subscribe to him and
tweet me and tell me that you found a be
okay actually the first person to tweet
me with a link to Ali's channel you say
I found Alby and put the link to it will
win something I just go with it man it's
like you just did it go with it so
that's the thing Matt follow me on
Twitter what are the Twitter account for
and literally our Twitter account for
Johannes Kony so follow me yeah I don't
know I don't know Symantec's who cares
about what a prize it's all about the
win the trill so find out his channel
and tweet it to me saying I found out of
these channel the link you think and
tweets me out I'm Joey okay and you'll
win something I can't tell you what it
is because I know
it's gonna be totally awesome instead
play your world world so we're at the
market markets over there all the peeps
style diet to come along
she said she's leaving the house now
Alvey you troublemaker be a troublemaker
oh you're such a bowl of out unsubscribe
from hourly
I've grabbed the clay so you get the
actual copy look it's the actual oh did
you notice you can get like different
you said time to get together sunflower
and the bear one they don't get the
Hobby our blue one or the red one
mm times you know cry saying look you
can get this for our new way
because a lot of people suggested that I
do grind my own company broader than
that
mom said yeah I'm going to eat it off
do vegetarian ones yes and then to with
the meat and one with chili in there
okay we just that we just dropped Erica
erica students at cooking course all
week long in town here I don't know
where some cooking course anyway so I
she just dropped her eyes just walked
out to drop him somewhere
here's the army
and then I think I think we're gonna go
to glad the home where because I really
want to get a desk use okay because I
tried to edit the video this morning on
the table and it's like a pain and a
ball oh let more limits and goalie so
didn't I was thinking right what do you
guys think of questions Friday although
it's more of an answers Friday because
we'll just stop thinking there because
you know because Judy's every single day
and then I'm a studio I'm doing
something else and then you know
sometimes I'll sit down and I'll reach
all over comments and you guys last a
lot of the questions and I'm not being
rude or anything not answering you it's
just it you know by the time I read it
it could be like a couple of days later
then there's another video open and
there's more questions so my plan is
keep asking the questions and then on
the Friday vlogs what I'll try and do is
that every Thursday so the front
sort of Friday okay so on Friday
I'm gonna read everyone's comments then
on Saturdays vlog will answer everyone's
questions that makes a lot of sense it
looks that means that I've time for me
to read all the comments so leave
comments all week long and then every
started a vlog I will answer them it's
pretty lady coming up the road here now
I go over to Daddy talking about my
Friday answering question idea but then
I just realized that wouldn't happy
Saturday's vlog
you know yeah so
leave me a comment let me know what you
think and I'll answer it on Friday you
probably noticed because you've been
sitting there and I was like I'm back
here again so we're back hearing again
now I have a I need a little little baby
sister diet is down there oh my God look
subway
both last time we had subway I was back
when we used to live in Tokyo isn't it
under a subway there we have monkey had
subway since then although I got that
sweet chili sauce yeah I know but I love
the speech itself I got this lemon green
green green green lemon grass sewn to a
grass
it's not sweet chili it's green chili
because you know my problem with sweet
chili like I said before is that it gets
all like sticky and stuff and I hate
that and it's really like I don't know
it just seems so bad for you but am I
actually said that to the guy you know
he's like all he said was tell me the
exact reason why it's a sticky and
disgusting and how his one actually
doesn't have any of that badness in
itself I'll try and show you guys later
because it's pretty cool we got
