good moral - flame didn't so today I'm
heading off to the studio at all Bessie
Darryl kicked up great rock and Emma is
bringing Albie to get his first haircut
in court so we've got a little crazy
here guys I'm giving the blog to Adam I
know I like shopping she may actually do
that but it's gotta be more interesting
than coming to the studio of me because
nothing is really going to happen and
then it ends up like yesterday's video
which is pretty short because you know
sometimes it's gonna happen and it's
gonna happen dude Newton do that so we
devised a strategy where mommy would
take you where you going Alvey there you
go getting a haircut
there's no idea he can okay so I was
actually half the size of this it's just
he was supposed to get a haircut what's
that some way of asking for something
he's supposed to get a haircut just
before we left and then obviously we
left so we didn't actually get rent
getting his haircut and now it's gone
insanely over it's only because the part
of me where it goes over his eyes a
little bit and then you can't really see
and you know he's already you know down
one so I don't wanna make that any hard
runner so that's what we're doing folks
that's the plan of action today so sit
back buckle up ready 1 July Bobby what's
dad doing what
so Oh
goes down it couldn't close it all right
Mickey no lunch yesterday guys yeah
Erica's doing a cookery course she made
this sort of a chili thing so I'm going
to nut bread in it
our cheese part of the air quiche we do
how did you know we have another up I'm
saving that for yesterday looks
ridiculous I was saving it because I
thought I could have it for my lunch st
all the cool kids bring a lunch to
school I need to get ready though yes I
know but today is your first day because
the blogging your own yeah but can you
take this and I'll therapy excited yes I
feel privileged okay this is boring
you're boring everybody knows how to
make a rap why are you making why you
making bagels as well well didn't just
leave it I'll reheat it or something oh
yeah when I was younger right we used to
add a New Year's Eve we used to hang out
in these at my parents friend's house
right
and they have three kids and only
recently I haven't seen these people in
like 20 years it's on that and good old
Facebook a it introduced us all together
Ilana Lauren and Haley are family so I
think a lot of
today I know that person so cool is that
cool
oh god babe it's just kind of that's
enough
now folks unfolding its most important
break you should cut it in half but
she's wrapping it in cling film yeah
yeah it won't if you get the cling film
it put the cling film which film
underneath we did yesterday and I know
it's fine what did you guys do did you
cut it in half or would you just bring
it this is my I really like this look
it's closed
yeah where's gonna be difficult to eat
when the stuff starts spilling out yeah
the stuff will start filling it then
I'll be going to a new boomers today for
the first time and he's really excited
so I'll try and film a little bit inside
and show you guys what it's like there
or here I'm a bit scared because it
looks slightly different to the last mix
that we used to go to looks very
official yeah so as he's gone and pretty
sad I hate bringing him somewhere for
the first time I don't really know the
person and but she seemed really nice
and she had a doggy clock collecting him
in and out actually now it's really
short
you're just in Tesco and we've got about
fifty million packs of polenta which if
you don't know if that is it's kind of
like it's Italian it's kind of like a
maze yeah and it's really yummy so I'm
gonna do it Jonathan please to us and
say leave in the comments below if you
have ever tasted polenta or if you liked
it or if you don't like it now we're
going to pass things I'll be actually
there he is I just saw I don't know if
you could make that out but we just saw
him getting his hair cut anyway we're
going to the pigs back for nothing
yes so I'll film a little bit in there
as well
yes
we're in a really fancy I really like
this coach
I am the wrong scented candle
this is my favorite one
yeah this is how I want my room for
Albie
oh look big more of that stallion do not
like oh look the Ballet's I wasn't
allowed to ballet when I was a little
girl
sorry really really didn't understand
that stay Albie stay broke boys
good point
was he okay were there many months
we're in currents restaurant in court
which is really nice it's got a rooftop
garden I think he's still up he's here
and he's really tired because he came
shopping with us so now we're just
waiting for our waitress
okay I'll be good boy
