their lake hopper pretty popper Lizzie
was happy wanna go free no way Jose
Coney police are coming the car the
police are coming
no yeah he's married my boy I got my
little boy folks compared to here folks
she said ok because some people have
some mementos and they were like our
easy when I not to get the camera I'm 23
Jesus whoo yeah I'm hungry too but I'm
waiting for my brother my brother aloof
doesn't doesn't work sister style.i it
goes well and then you're like brother
flew for sister flew it doesn't work it
doesn't work as well brother-in-law
style died no okay
anywho yeah he's standing in court today
and he's like oh man I'll hook you up
and check out the new house and all but
he doesn't know his way around quark so
he was like he was like in Washington
Street going it's gonna take me hours I
have to get to some juries hotel it's
near UCC and your court gets the joke is
I'm watching the screen you see see
miles away I don't think so I know where
he is why he said he'd come here
hopefully I know I haven't made a big
effort and cleaned up and everything
she's good like that
what and she bought me a bookshelf and a
desk but I cannot show you because sorry
she bought us a bookshelf even though
all the books are in momma flew this
house my works a little bit mama laughs
ooh mama laughs oof capsized in this
little corner please here maybe in here
here it is pointless like this since you
got rid of this cheaper thing he has a C
or T anyway besides is TV like it goes
back about a million miles flatscreen my
ass and then this stupid skybox that we
always seem to get left in apartments we
rent it always seems to be a skybox left
behind her sir oh yes we bring him in no
I can just go to bed folks I leave here
and like a nurse or something
oh you're like a little kitty
teddy bear I'll be trying to go to omars
house baby
I'll be trying to go to oma RISM Oh mrs.
D say things that aren't true
come on Alma's house Cisco I begs you
Bob today okay that'll be a boring one
move you're in my way you a bank what to
get my back that's what why don't you
dance to dance I know you know that I
don't care about me I don't you know
thank you
I'm in the end I know you know I love
that show
I love them they're so funny sometimes
you get a bit repetitive and boring yeah
cuz it's always like Sam's present
murder
well I'm sorry Buster and there you go
Shawn Shawn Spencer are so funny
this is my partner Ronald I think it's
already met him in the u.s. unless you
watch it online I'm gonna live and you
guys to watch the site if or comment us
I didn't know a new season that started
and I friended online we had six
episodes to watch and y'all finished new
what they all finished
no I know much like freedom is on man
let's go
