and Monday morning to you too right yeah
so I meant after the studio this morning
has upstairs in bed the lazy poop oops
oh yeah just no right this is very funny
I wasn't actually gonna say anything
because I thought it was kind of amusing
what ten people have written too many
long comments in relation to this fact
about where we speak when Anna says in
the shop like oh I want that for my
rooms because she does have her own room
and I have my own room but we combined
her our own room you understand we sleep
in the main master bedroom with the
ensuite in the big room and then I have
mine I took the little room like it
streetbet in hats white room which is
like I've got my computers and
Playstations now I kind of have boy
stuff and then she is her room which is
like all her clothes the wardrobes and
her makeup and all that stuff so we have
our own room for our own likes and
dislikes and then we have a bedroom
which we sleep together so I just
thought I clarify that because it was
kind of funny enough people were
thinking that we don't happened the same
bedrooms together because our last house
was a one bed apartment was a duplex but
a one man apartment because my office
was upstairs so and then in London that
was a too bad apartment but my office
room was always the other room and then
we'd say to get a mirror so you know
what you know it's cool it's cool
hello Mon just wanna clarify not just it
clear up the air okay now tell me you'll
be missing me today while I'm gone hmm
I guess not I guess not indeed is so
sunny today August get so sunny and
September oh I think this is all the
kids since I've got back to school and
that's why they make it extra sunny okay
in your back in in in in in in listen
I'll be come on
in in one radio station do you got a
system 2:00 in the morning
it really depends on where you are I
suppose all right since we moved to
quark I got this to read FM where FM all
the time
I like the morning guy I think you'd
open I used to be always like am oh nice
a gentleman he's always lie isn't a 1 or
2 point 2
it was fancy pictures all that
underground peeps well I think I think
there is another one is not just 96
something like that on today FM and to
FM I like to your FM or when you're
driving around his country because it
never goes out of coverage and I'm to
infection if you have to move it's kind
of cool but in quarantine here it's
being ran mmm you guys in Cork what's
your what's your radio station of choice
you guys this is red or 96 or if there's
another one let me know so I can like
dialing into the thing we can be rocking
together
yeah I'm having me old home dog look at
this on the go look at this on the goal
thanks a lot did you miss me Alvey did
you miss me port jeepers jeepers in the
morning time you're like
they feel after a day of life rendering
and live my brain but you know it's
fulfilling when I come home to my lovely
lady friend lady friend and my doggie
friends don't affect my foodie friends
who she friends my sony friend and
coffee friend okay so I just sit who's
out here munching what's this rustling
sound I hear I love you you're so cute
they do easier chocolate steps so I'm so
lazy I'm sure you're scared of those M I
broke that step it's like a show all
right shop mm-hmm
that's what you learned in Munich mm-hmm
they do anything in here I know how to
get hangers I didn't want to leave out
after the heat the way he reacted I
didn't want any form on his own mhm this
is where I honestly don't see my room
because we're together basically sit in
this rocking chair again that's all my
clothes all my work in belongings well
at least you get some space in the yes I
was thinking you could put all your
cables and stuff in there because you
really think that you couldn't have that
chest of drawers in our bedroom that's
gonna mean look this is probably the
first time in the whole of history of
this house that this is ever going to
look like this but see our laundry
basket it's empty that never ever ever
happens
oh yeah princess one it's a real dog
ball walkies walkies watches well I
don't know about you but I love your
walkies too
time the daily walk
what you walk on it a long way that way
my love's somebody's playing football
now because how dare somebody just go
ahead and football
hey you what are you doing what are you
doing in my part ok Abby what's the plan
here this is planting here Abby
it's a plan of action guys we finally
found we decided to go air come for our
broadband because the lovely Sarah a
sudden is grow up Sarah on the phone
from America you know I actually call
her commented on today and they were
total idiots right so I was like I'm not
going with them
then I rang Vodafone then I rang you TV
dinner int arrow UPC and I've right
everyone and you know I were not in the
coverage area so I decided to bring back
aircon anyway and I get a line installed
cuz I was like fine I'll gather light
install but that's it that's it I'm
gonna go someone else because the guy
hated almost terrible it's this girl
stare answered the phone and she was
full of fun and full of love and I
decided purely because her awesomeness
that I'm going to decide I'm gonna go my
account broadband so guys if you're
talking you want if you want to talk to
someone in an aircraft just ask for
Sarah because she's awesome and she was
fun I just thought I'd share the love
