marlis marlis borrowings making some
Kofi Kofi cook today I'm hoping to get a
desk how do you feel about that yeah is
your major malfunction maybe he doesn't
like the Dodge it's on his head here's
the thing I could get I could buy one of
those to a nunnery these cameras like a
flip camera something well it's like
this is like this is day 55 so I feel
like I already got 55 vlogs out of it so
I feel like that's not enough after a
hundred I'd be like okay I've got a
hundred blogs out of it that's where
close at the end like 150 quid or
something well not fifty-fifty just
seems too little so we're going to plow
through and we're gonna hope that
wherever the hell this god thing is that
it's either gonna go away or it's going
to me and you guys work for Samsung
could you please ask them why the hell
my you ten is a dot on the goddamn
screen anyway look we got yesterday what
is it again basil it's not like buzzer
buzzer faulty it's a faulty basil oh my
god guys so I know Anton is just like
Italian shop in Cork if it's like a
proper Italian shop right and check out
what we got oh yeah can you read that
can you read that I don't know we can
read them there we go look at that I'll
be Kafka it says own juice guys it's
named after him how cool is that
there's Alba Kaka means kudos dogs in
the world that's ok ok so it's like
apricot juice hello how the hell do you
get apricot juice like have you squeezed
an apricot to make apricot juice she's a
dried-up prune peach cobbler
peach cobbler I've never had a peach
cobbler for some reason so mrs. penis
first thing goes to my head is cobbler
peach cobbler what's your favorite word
to put behind another word that doesn't
make any sense
leave me something interesting let's
have some afternoon delight so it's a
Saturday I love work we're walking
around in circles people over they are
beginning to stare they think we're all
crazy what they think we live down there
do you
mr. fly fly that's what they always
enter ok a lady as you can't go this
morning
see it's not so different and I had like
huge swollen hangover she guy said she's
like massive cankles it was really
really funny howdy
come on little among the Munchkin so hot
today is it but like ten minutes ago
ten minutes ago two minutes ago it was
like waiting for a second when our
outsides the leg thing and soon I might
feel spiteful I'm not sure of the words
of this song but it doesn't matter you
can all sing along Oh fright for ya not
the lights look I'll be mother I mean
think it's like an independent woman
Abbi you see folks that's why I like
living in court I just ran into some
peeps up we met before one of the girls
used to live what actually when I was a
university and there's this today we're
walking the dog and it's like it's like
hey it's like that's why I like I like
the friendliness the familiarity I don't
know people are just nice very windy
here now there's this huge dog
he's still here actually see him
but like he was looking at how he was
all like I used a little dog for
breakfast
I put usual dog in TomTom and I digested
slowly so they listen for the most pain
because that's what I do I am a big dog
big dog rules yeah this new puppy
I call it the aperitif inside the advice
for me my master be like oh my god she
said embarrass my hand why did you just
leave him she's like so much better than
him he's like so ugly and buckled and
fat and bawling a german favor these
juicy generous juicy flattened pork
meatballs are made with onion red comes
herbs and spices there's an expansion is
all things nicest Oh fancy toaster lady
couldn't walk drive - yeah but you do it
jack is a yum yum yum yum yum yum
and you guys have the chicken all to get
the Swedish meatball little ones as well
but these ones are so good you don't
cook them the other way I need you to
take them out and you eat them mix
ketchup I'm freakin hurtin miss ketchup
would you guys like ketchup with this or
Mayo with this alright just a chili
sauce if I had chills are probably
wrench injuries I probably just drink
the bottle of chilli sauce and then have
the murder that's part of I don't have
any choice a sauce
bedside tables shelves so I should have
some fun times you have bedside table
shelving units they're definitely gonna
have a desk right this one yeah and when
it's easy to read from a distance you
don't have to like trying out of the
numbers when this whole nice picture of
these people God these people veins read
the team is read the team that was a
wallet
this is leaving big mark anyway after
time you know
so when that res gave us is it except
invasion is one of these actual stores
in every Valley what about this one
allure this is quite alluring what oh
it's all free there's no prices awfully
close the curtains I get a little
princess house
what's that for anyway
which that wasn't eliciting is to get
today so let's take the list I know but
we'll end up getting buying everything
so we just stick to the list now you
have to buy the whole rack
luxury cotton that's a horrible color
mom let's get it the kitchen anyone but
Anna will be distracted this wasn't on
the list this is where you got this
thing it's quite a few time here 4099
clear cosmetic organizer well there we
go okay this one yeah did you get all
these ones I already have lipstick one
over there same thing
places
something for my brush Oh woody was on
the list my own thing goes on the list
was it good Yankee Candle for the car
all flavor is that vanilla cupcake and
they actually taste like vanilla
cupcakes similar you know no one might
have seen it but I hate having the noise
in the box I want them in the little
holder thing but I can't find them
anywhere in the Italian shop No oh by
the way I'm gonna get it
anyone out there I was blind their own
coffee beans look at this
anna says no
you guys ever done that leave in common
that you know isn't successful that one
I'm gonna make my own coffee making
coffee
Nathan Joe when you guys are coming to
our wedding or you want to buy me a
present buy one of these this is so cool
I want one of these for ages it's like
to make the best coffee and if dad you
saw used to pick this copy that way he's
coffee Vegas coffee that way I really
want one in what have you found super
Jeannie
they must the floor so you walk around
and as you're walking around it must
show them for Alvie you seen this are
you're not getting it what the hell is
this
there's a ped egg look at your eggs
makes your feet soft I don't remember
that being on the list for shizzle oh
look there's the thing you guys
relax
mom mr. Beckett list now it's my turn
for the fun and stuff hawk whirls hot
world
Oh Maxim so cool yeah look mr. chairs is
that actually a would invest in us
that's it yeah Serrano I was like the
worst collection of office furniture
I've ever seen
yeah that's it is that the only desk you
guys have okay
that's a nice bed to go to matter yeah
she had one she does the same thing
though this is what simonize he said he
got one of these so you can sit you out
I didn't I see okay you can just type on
it I want to see if I have any - yes sir
not exciting but we found a 3d TV with
the glasses what you guys see this
doesn't really work though
are you watching so trying to find a
desk but this is becoming increasingly
difficult look at this rally he'd love
that
oh yeah put them in there I don't know
what you like it hey does it detach
Simon is one wrap with Dylan you always
there runs away so I am heading back to
mama style diets house because I'm gonna
play the PlayStation with Simon and kill
some zombies but we don't have the
internet yet so I'm just gonna meet us
down here later on actually no I'm gonna
crack the Erika I don't know we have a
little sister salad I it with me at the
moment okay
it's so sunny today and you guys in
court today
OMG sad I gotta do my magic
open the gate II sing
