the best way to do it that's how we got
there food food
royal king nine adult small log what do
you think it is Albee reading reddit
Smith's special or like what these dogs
and they make shapes especially for you
al be made especially for Alvey
especially for you okay I'll be you want
that you want that Audi you want that
huh
it's alright because they're lumpy for
the whole day whoa you think it out huh
well there you have it folks I'll be
like seafood we bought him food before I
got just hypoallergenic stuff this guy
tried to convince us that was awesome
for him well I we just looked at him I
was like I mean I ain't no afraid you
know ghosts so that didn't happen
boy then this one he likes crazy o crazy
o I can't get the computer to boot it up
this old old Bessie
hasn't liked all the environment I think
it's I think it's time to get a new
computer sure I got a new computer so
maybe it's time I got going here because
this thing won't even put up which means
I'm not in the studio today so I'm not
gonna be editing the vlog there so I
gotta do it old school on the old school
computer in video I got like the quad
which is basically for computers and
each one of those computers is much
better than this one thing that our
computer like I have I can't even edit
in real time in this thing it's all like
jiggety jiggety jiggety Family Guy
voices
so here we go come on come on m XG o 6
min series but guys XP asses are awesome
they are totally awesome
I do recommend them I recommend Oh what
are we doing today lovey you do probably
move in a bed moving a bed maybe or
something just to see just to see how it
works out
we won't talk about it we'll just do it
actions speak louder than words did you
just say buy hangers because anyone
remember how many hangers I brought into
the house help you keep you all used up
how many hangers do you need
I've got a hanging addiction no no but
it is the thing you have it the other
thing oh yeah you can attire fire my mom
said that she bicycle pump foot pump
look at this issue power adapter type
cannot be determined please replace only
boots with the 130 watt power adapter
adapter operator strikes the FC one key
it's a shuts down yeah love this issue
try to reseat the power supply do you
know how many plenty times I proceeded
the power supply and still nothing then
she does work all you to do is you plug
it into all the plug sockets around the
house till you eventually find a plug
socket that allows it to work yo so am
we ordered these plumber people plumber
is him yeah the plumber man comes and he
goes upstairs and he's like oh yeah sure
I'll fix that problem you know so he
says to me well I don't know 20 minutes
ago he left and he said oh I know that's
what I'm meeting up to but you've ruined
the end of the job so he's like oh I'm
going to be like an hour or half an hour
get apart I just looked at wouldn't know
a few minutes ago and he's standing
outside the door talking to his friend
for 20 minutes so this is his friend
have the part and he's just gonna wait
out there for an hour and then come back
in with the part I have no idea I have
no idea the guy's insane you guys are a
plumber or electrician call and do such
such a thing such a thing has done to me
we do that for free
nice cup amazing the combos f1 hi that
was quite funny right because then your
lives in those kind of country places
there's something they know like this
isn't a big city here you know so
everyone everyone like locks their doors
all the time you notice that a plumber
man comes up just rings doorbell opens
or just comes on in you know because
like I said people do right here I was
like and he like try to like eat them
and yavi people are nice around here
Albie this is in London or Dublin
they're friendly folk you guys live in
no sense and you guys live in those
towns really kind of everyone like
leaves the door open or you guys live
one of those big cities where everyone's
like armed with a shotgun and waiting
like anyway leave me some comments
oMG said guys Oh John I did look at it
completely because it said the power of
charge it was the problem so I unplugged
it and liked it speed it up oh no your
necklace so guys that's what you do you
just unplug your computer and it works
will you make it a v1 folks
quickly quickly like it's automatic
i new complex has a like it's an entire
engages complex but you have this em
it's like sensor thing for the car so
when you drive up what goes we were just
walking there what it let us have
finally something familiar explorers
intrepid explorers see she is
I guess not be Donna oh it's windy
let's work off the crab burgers from
last night we had crab burgers if you
guys never had crab burgers before I've
never had a crab burger I've had crab Oh
crab cake was it krabby patty was pretty
crabby oh it's kind of nice stuff well
it was really salty but that was things
but it was pretty nice where'd you get
that the market yeah a local market
who's got a market yeah I did an idea
and yes there's like your blogs are
becoming so repetitive and boring these
days
mmm I've tasted dog I can't cook and you
guys eat duck I had a one time and I
thought guilty so now every time on a
sister and masala always buys it yeah
our sister style life kinda defeats the
purpose anyway
yeah the Orlan it's like it tasted like
chicken but squirrels here you know it's
just more squelchy it's pretty fatty
yeah yeah but I don't I don't like that
do you guys eat duck if you had to go do
Chinese would you eat what do you order
in your Chinese she got the duck chicken
Taichung or duck each item was old
school thinking I was the thing I always
get our cream most places
yeah chicken green stuff because I
basically copy sisters died alive
whatever she is because we're in Wagga
Mama's informant cut to mamas
my hands
and chicken katsu what the I don't know
what this is
what's inside it's nothing
I think it's solid you're supposed to
even watch salad I'm not familiar with
these these new-age terms you know
you guys from anyone
so add in your
