hey guys so went home to mama style diet
so I am so kaput well we got a couple of
days now to kind of chillax and get
things organized while I wasn't working
I don't went and picked up some nice
little thing it evolves but yeah just
just just just just to clarify a couple
of things number one and this is the
only thing octopod Li okay I know
there's a little dot in my camera okay
it's somewhere I don't know where it is
but there's a little dot somewhere
around there about a week ago I think it
was better we go it was about a week ago
I noticed a little dot when I was
editing one new video and I was like
what the hell is that
and I spent ages cleaning down and dust
another lens and nope nothing did not
come because the dot looks like it's
actually beyond the glass and it's like
on the lens or something which is so
annoying so I'm pretty happy about that
so I can't clean the dark folks I can do
my best but I can't clean the dot off so
I'm really sorry I hope you're all not
going to unsubscribe and hate me forever
because there's a dot on my camera but
you know and we're calling it actually
actually it's my it's my watermark
it's my like trademark thing you know
that's how you know it's me because
cleaning up Abby's mess look how dark it
is today in the house because it's like
10 o'clock guys I'll be in the morning
time I forgot the blog I it's because
you know Joe Nathan is trying to take
care of family you know it's just so
dark is there any way to make it lighter
well back to the sunroom guys might be
lighter out there so uh well I think
this is even darker its openness it'll
go from
so did you guys have a good day today in
work college school what else for taking
my plants we also got a little tree here
it's a little tree think might bring
hardly a furlough or thinking actually
going through the cinema because we
actually don't have internet telephone
television I don't really care about
television and telephone I care about
telling that and I wish I had the
Internet
because life is quite hard where yeah
okay okay I'll be I'll be are you done
in here Oh forever
now I'd I'll be I'll be what are you
doing there
you know what oh the place Excel
Orangina Orangina well howdy-do ma'am
what you have them for dinner something
you picked up
so show-and-tell pitch market I can't
say did you get it out there yeah or the
market
compared to market did you get it what
mummy style ad and help me sound live in
my pre-fill what happened when you
collected them up okay you've just
walked into complete darkness I'm up I'm
up which is when you have to bring back
by the way bTW whoa it's like a samurai
mop oh man
you wouldn't want to break into this ice
with this summer I'm up whoa that's a
bit too excessive alright accessorize
yourself did you do a haul shopping huh
yeah ma
and when Nina went to buy them up myself
and mummy style like they bought the mom
they bought the top thing but they
forgot the bucket no you forgot the
bucket and I'm ready clever you're not
very good at this it didn't have this on
top okay and then we will ask with just
the bucket and no questioning and then
we realized we can't actually Marcus
wore it with that so he had to go back a
Norman laughed at us because we had made
such a stupid error and then I got these
things look that
to go with my makeup set they're like
complementing things Oh stone POTUS
taehwa mer Wow what do you think avi is
it the best mirror in the world what's
the best manner in the world
what's a spice rack doing doing good
folks guys all right you can't sneak us
in the dark zoom into the life look at
this gravy bytes two-in-one nope you add
a little bit of water to it and it's got
gravy in it
mega magnified oh my god guys check out
the megamagnifier whoa that's again I
was like this is crap I can't see
anything and I was like what's the other
side like oh it's gonna make a
magnifying do you guys have makeup
magnifying glasses that's fashion stuff
wrong channel guys got a style diet for
that kind of stuff okay quickly come
back before I get in trouble guys you've
got me into trouble again you're always
getting me into trouble it wasn't me
they told me to do it
wait about this there's also more more
more MORE we're having such a good oh
wow I can see oh that was broken
yesterday yeah I tried to fix it
yesterday didn't work Oh
blitzing Groban oh that's the light on
in there oh oh oh ah oh ah oh ah oh wow
sorry we got distracted like those
saucers for them saucer will tailor to
this tree like a tree from the wild
can't really see it's quite dark out
here for yourself on the throw it's too
dark we can't see anything it's too dark
it's pretty I neither any of the real
subscribers would recognize these things
they would if they could see them but
it's so dark so dark and dreary
it's like Drury Lane hey I put that in
there just now guys oh my god I'm like a
specialty fun or something Hannah told
me like who say you guys have let me say
let me Shay and then like a cool red
toaster and a cool red kettle which you
can't see it that's too dark
nice breasts Hey how could you my yogurt
again that's a damn you had it there are
my file pots
lounging around my abode as I'm off
working striving to keep us to family
United it that's about it that's about
it look what we got guys
then you guys theme this season one of
the wire we'll check out season one and
see if it's any good if you guys have
watched the wire please leave some
comments and let me know if it's any
good um that would be pretty awesome
because that would save me having to
watch it for a million hours okay you
know what where did you get that plastic
thing some people after the comments are
storing more that early in court home
store more you heard it here first home
store and more hope so more did not pay
for this take home for an art allocated
oh my god I miss Terrill I set up with
Jonathan's
annoyance it's full oh hello Abby who's
a cutie pie huh like house at the same
thing
and then you turn around and it's like
sign that included suction cap don't buy
shoddy showmanship chirps oh look a
little tick next to that one
where'd you buy it more
