I'm gonna make a whole movie haha but
that I find guys this is the first
camera I ever brought myself my brother
went half he's on it and we bought it
for like I think it was like hundred and
fifty pounds
yes pounds 1998 we bought this bad boy
and look who's actually a tape stuck
inside of it I've no way of IQ we need
to take my anything it doesn't work but
I kept it all the years because look at
this goddamn thing it's hilarious anyway
we're home yo got the important thing
plaster Shawn oh we got some royal canin
who's a royalty
there's a lot of bad multi-leaf luck at
the moment with the whole like video
because it's actually quite difficult
because you know I'm in this new studio
so I'm trying to like you know adjust to
that you know and then there's like
Anna's kind of doing her thing and then
we just moved in here and we don't
actually have incident here yet so I'm
actually just like doing it from work so
bear with us okay
we've also got a new addition to the
family my voice is quite seductive boy I
think you should all rate this video
subscribe and wanna leave me a comment
what do you want what do you want leave
it to me
you're telling me you're telling me that
it annoys also folks and you guys ever
heard of boards on AE it Sam it's like a
website for me in Ireland I'm actually
registered to use it cuz it's been
around for years it's like you
registered for years but someone has to
come and they were like all this guy is
like getting like their stuff sad about
he reports it he sounds like
so I went there I'm gonna check that out
that is hilarious that people feel that
passionately upset and not possibly
annoyed but if you guys go back to the
first video I ever made on the daily
vlogs day one of the day rugs the one
thing I said I wanted to do was to
create an interactive media and when I
have done folks
I've created an interactive media people
are talking about me in the forums
I don't really character saying goodness
or badness or let's be honest it's
pretty all bad they're ripping into me
but I don't mind I mean check out
yourself go to port sunny go to the side
search bar type in the fruit TV and it
comes up don't play me in Johnson Jody
cuz they spell my name wrong so that's
not gonna come up but yeah it's
hilarious I mean if you guys want to go
there and defend mo defend mo mo mo
defend oh they'll be remembered remember
awesome remember awesome mo defend oh so
you guys want to see what mama style
diet and Nina got me today as a present
some of you may think this is stupid but
look Susan spices in all these places
this is the best present you could ever
get a joker for Nathan look at these
things look at these things look at
these things look at these things oh I
like classes I like spices a lot I like
to play spices in my food and eat them
because I like things spicy do you guys
like spices what is your favorite spice
and don't say solve and don't say pepper
Tana are okay so what's your say I think
I love chili I love chili any nice kind
of spicy because it kind of it takes
food and it brings it to another level
your ass we got your house we go
I go down a guy you'll probably see this
in some future stylized video but I
think you put lipsticks in there and I
think you put some sort of foundation or
you know I don't really know to be
honest but I got something else totally
awesome now I don't know how you guys
are gonna feel about this but uh tea
cakes with marshmallow and jam big bike
cheap cakes
boy that's what we're talking about
that's my favorite thing so far oh I
also got a flask look so I can bring the
good coffee to work because they have
this in the canteen area thing and you
can going to like the university because
in a university campus so you can go
into the university but they think
they've got actually a cafe mocha I
think it's called why the coffee we're
in like the nearest one to me is like
you know boiling water to the dust so I
can make the good coffee and I can bring
the good coffee with me so that's pretty
darn awesome guys do you know what I
mean I don't know it uh hey miss we
bought don't say her and what are we
gonna get
this is our first shop and I knew
how awesome is this
I think we should get pancakes to
celebrate American style
all sides you can get pancakes I'll let
you guys think excited to go we're
looking said to go Milano pizza you guys
ever had in my life it says and you know
if they're good I will probably have
consumed it by the time you leave me a
comment to let me know it's good but
never in the most important section
what's it called shop in you're walking
away from the chocolate though walk into
the health field
