so today is the first day of working in
a new studio in quirky so that's a
little different this is like official
honoree now like proper organs so
Hope Island manages to sort out the
apartment today so we get to go back to
a new place otherwise well become I care
what isn't too bad at all so I'm not
much you gonna go the shoot today it's
like first day so and like walking
around vlogging where hey guys hey so uh
what's going on we working on today you
know and finally decided and if curious
let's see how it goes okay
it's always the way because this is a
new studio and I didn't I don't know
Court that well I was only here for like
three years of zone college so I left I
was like I'll give myself an hour
you know I leave at 8 o'clock and I
should get there at 9:00 or so well you
know it's 20 past date and I'm here
because Clark is not like London Clark
is not like Dublin Cork is quite small
so I guess I do not have to leave that
early but you know you guys ever do that
when you starting any like school or
college or job or something where you're
like oh one of the time I have to leave
it maybe I'll leave the day before or
something just so I know I'm okay can't
sleep
come outside yo this is that hard to
find because the 10 where the
universities so it wasn't too difficult
to find but there we go so they one is
in the bag just heading home now so I
don't have actually she started at the
apartment alrighty
I only gonna get everything there's
nothing that much
mean I did it folks she saved the day
who's that they saver who's the daylight
savings hole what do you think guys it's
a bit messy wouldn't you think look at
this guy's I'm running around Ernie's
out now do you got any idea what time it
is seven o'clock so I'm really sorry
today's vlog is gonna be late
I'm talking to my peeps piranha God okay
absolutely amazing yeah wonderful
okay so that's why tomorrow's today's
ones really really late but tomorrow is
gonna be really quick tonight's like
today's it's been really quick and then
hopefully I'll be able to produce him
and render him and all in the studio now
so I'll pick up but anyway check out my
a bold mofos oh no one no one no one no
one no one no one no one no I don't like
much light look how much life and about
King knows about Chema's and the house
key so much life the videos are gonna be
shot in there any awesome cool look at
the couches put yourself read out the
hem face is wondering about you guys
this my room okay
sticking out chicken in the balcony
please check out the balcony
yeah see what's going down sitting room
oh hey there you want to show us there
show us the upstairs of your abode okay
mm-hmm leave a comment leave a comment
if you think that smells good
ah that's this couch come on little man
you're either the team company the last
person left all these bangs her hair
inconsiderate I'm gonna go back to
school I love watching our beef up the
stairs
this is the case you guys know like we
totally sleep in separate bedrooms
because we're not married yet
obviously like who doesn't hey good
covers in here
I want the goose down god damnit do you
guys prepare goose down or feather down
I know the goose that but I hates the
goose down there for John instead in
here because the rest of them this one
in the war to be able we need to take
care of move this somewhere away from
here Oh we'll see we'll see we'll see I
don't know 50-inch plasma here we're
gonna have a pole here for the latest
when the ladies come over to dance
because the dancing ladies they're gonna
need somewhere to times the rest of
Hannah's wardrobe this is Anna's order
wardrobe room wardrobe room number two
eyelets space
let's see let's see it would be quite a
luxury to get up in the morning and hype
your clothes and the same room that you
sleeping that's that we pretty close
that's a lot of hangers okay I put all
these hangers I put all these hangers on
Emma's hands that's cuz you sleep in it
stinker Mike stinker seems to be numbers
waiting lovely lobby lobby lobby cooker
here's the toilet
here's to Joe Nathan my toilet right
what but I like that one
can't you see I love this fish you guys
know I'm super here also sometimes I
need to escape and short notice and
that's pretty much the way I will escape
okay now we're gonna head over to mommy
mommy style iets get some dinner mama
stuff render upload
