hello friends and welcome to a very
important day what day is it today media
keep side you're going on your school
tour your first ever skills whore and
then we get to say are you excited
Eduardo is not going in the school work
but you're going to go to the big
playground I heard
mmm-hmm because we had word of
parent-teacher meeting yesterday mm-hmm
did anybody else are you gonna have the
best day of your life and you have a
better name in him and then anybody at
everybody else will tell us is Alessi
gonna school Tori what ha hence you are
you and that I didn't study huh what
all right shall we go to fuel guys
Eduardo I realize you're not wearing
shoes
maybe you should refuse to school what
do you think I think that might be a
plan you know what do some vomit
I guess the castigated at allmovie
denied everything paint a nice we'll get
to be colorful cookies the cameras on me
and her and Jessica's got her truth so I
bought poppy seeds on my little puppy
well I know the word poppy air so I
think I'm going to find her head I can
show you Jessica maybe at my place
do you have any clothes unless you know
you get hot oh yeah no toys because
you'll lose them at their farm yeah what
you want to lose the kind girl forever
wardo and you're not a palpitation your
first tour Amelia better go in at
Facebook
all the guys they might eat in Captain
Morgan bombing come on mister I just
play hopscotch it only Palmilla by look
imputed final show I hope you bloody
blue glam blue children are in school
guys we're heading home cannot believe
there's a big coach outside to school an
immediate getting on a giant coach and
heading off away anyway I think I'm
excited for her but I'm terrified for me
when I have nothing's going to go wrong
but it's just like your child is the
first time my child is like leaving
going on a motor propelled vehicle
without me being there so lassie and I
are heading off to a baby massage class
looks like I've got no clothes on right
now what I do putting her in for me
good great time oh yeah I'm gonna be
great
you're gonna give mommy a massage oh boy
and I think that the health visitor is
making me do this
the veggie is concerned for my men so
talk to another mom and she was like hey
we need help
she was like oh I was told to do this
baby not that toss and turn ooh yeah
should I sell pay you know they're
worried about like okay great
I'm going to need to put a post coated
hold on
friends do me a favor go over to this
Instagram forum for five right it's got
1,000 children 23 followers crush it and
everybody go and follow it okay so my
sister and her husband recently turned
40 years old and she's really gonna kill
me for that we're saying that but they
decided that they were going to go and
live in Austria like the sender's music
but sister and I would have always been
crazy explorers like they've lived in
the Antarctic like they don't they even
got engaged my sister's husband proposed
to her in the Antarctic over like those
flare things Aurora things like people
they travelled the world right and then
they dipped enduro like their old fart
know that but um yesterday the boat
turned 40 they got three children they
were like let's go and on her route
let's go on an adventure and then I was
saying like oh you should drop that and
they were like what's the internet who
are videos so we gave up an idea well I
should do an Instagram thing you know
make Instagram videos and pictures and
some people I think it's so interesting
even I mean if you want to watch so if
you want to watch I think she's trying
to put them up daily out a tour for no
day but there's a couple battery so
she's living in Jeju to go watch it go
follow it'll be cool right just twelve
hundred followers crush that give her
like five thousand let's try and do that
like just cuz you crush it
leave loads of comments and the new
comments and say like your best little
brother Johnson sent me here yeah
because she's two little brothers
climbing and Jonathan so Johnny don't
say Simon because I'll be unfair and
noob I go yeah thanks amazing and what
gonna do it today like guys do that for
me
dinners me and it's rewarded cool so
there's an Austria where in Australia
she just doesn't say in the video so
turning it does but I yeah there's lots
a lot of videos and stuff to watch it
but it might be pointing if you're an
Instagram person II like watching the
Instagram things go watch it fun four
five Instagram fun four five crush you
guys I'm gonna check in the next day
it's gonna be epic she's no idea I'm
making this so like it'll be cool for
her as a surprise like oh my goodness
nobody we have returned home and Emilia
is here and she's going to come forward
now and tell us all about her first-ever
school tour Lighting's better they're
okay
Emilia Thomasina saucony Jolie you're in
the hot seat this is the hot seat tell
us all about your first get your feet on
that just be honest you're not watching
high is it's a Friday it's God don't
pack up all goodness right
come here key game yeah no no hi welcome
back we had some technical difficulty
okay immediate tell us all about it so
so the bell rang what Bell didn't ring
okay did you teach your come in and say
boys and guys make your way to the book
no way started with register register
only one of the clerk's plan on high and
then demeaning Aug and then what
happened tell us tell us all in details
this is just a story time story time
don't doubt me got off dance and BA yeah
I did just a lineup yeah I know he was a
backstop all line major a very important
question in media where did you sit in
the bus did you say the front of the bus
the back of the bus or the middle of the
bus another we have a sensible choice
sensible choice sensible choice okay so
no pressing buttons so you arrived at
the farm you went into the farm and then
what did you do oh my goodness but no no
no I could part No Oh No we've lost
things
oh my goodness who hears me tell me tell
me tell me we're all ralick the edge of
our seats here Rhonda has your seat the
comedy graduated
so you need it away the first thing you
did is you and for a wheelie okay it
doesn't look like we're going to get the
exclusive interview we're hoping to get
here today the only way you need to
really now one thing why are you messing
it like that it interviews consoles
that's it
Tonto what oh gee pop after are you
going to tell me the story later okay go
play in the garden I think it wire dos
like in here he's around here somewhere
where's your book what's wrong open it I
have to get a meeting at school bye get
in a car gonna help Wow okay go
find me Amelia school bags you go in
there somewhere in there it's somewhere
in here mister thank you and it's your
lunch box as well
it's her lunch box in those we're all
good man yourself there now good man
huh to tell you some pictures are you
are you painting your pictures yeah
homey yeah oh it's very nice of you
okay go oh you did get an IOU our dough
I know my password then I did try a
faster and event
well because you didn't you didn't need
one at the time you see oh and I put
some salve land on remember and then we
use the disinfectant wipes yeah we took
it off after the shower remember you
want another one okay all right does not
appear to be on this translation so
Erica has taken a train from Brighton
down here to us but in the process we've
lost Erica I'm supposed to collect her a
while ago and she got find her so then
she called me in his backup because you
can't figure out what Eric is welcome to
this line 820 she's not here but you
remember that time I lost the mountain
her mom and self they're in the other
side of the translation so I might nip
over to the other side of town see if I
can find her haha she has been found and
I couldn't find you and rang me yeah you
keep it right down
I think I'm straight ring you like 50
times
oh did you do that first we open it on
you and I'm going on no okay no it's all
right cause I'll bring my honor back
call the police off we found her
they have returns Oh guys guys look
wipeout look white bones was it
shouldn't I find hey did I find it
didn't we tell you didn't we tell you oh
yeah get on a first girl ship today she
came back as a pig oh my gosh went on a
big bus to another bus and everything
Shh uh-huh all right detail account Oh
we have a small problem here one of the
children has how did you even do this
okay oh okay can you sit to that oh oh
hey is that it's a cena cena see now you
need to reach up and unlock this for us
peanut hmm I can't go no you can it just
wait whatever you squeeze you what if we
squeeze you to the letterbox Oh we'll
try that one it's another buck oh gee oh
boy okay we managed yeah we managed to
squeeze the air and meanly I should let
it off okay close it over and uh where
you did good job we squished a certain
letter box no you know we squished you
to the letter but you did it right oh
you didn't what
look at this so since I knitted her baby
massage class she was ill massages with
Alexia but she loves it
can she love it huh
I thought I might care I'm probably
distracting of what I guess here she
just goes smiles so beautiful like all
on their little toes he keeps curling
them hi busy poor little curly toes and
then you're meant to go clockwise around
the tummy hi no hello Oh could we have a
big smile can we have a require go weak
Smiley's when's my turn so I get a
massage after this they're very cute
mrs. no Nadira keep updating massages
mmm take it I didn't know
Oh
