today guys we have Alby one whole year
since we rescued him when our horrible
place just a joke OB that's like a real
mama we know is your your birth mom you
his surrogate and surrogate mother
where is real mama Nami what do you do
now
thank God I got him
until of course someone saw you then the
cheek would be up
I just happy I lack or somebody's little
puppet school could set you on someone
came second boy one must go and have a
video you making a video today Nina you
told the people on Twitter that you
would I know I know you should make a
video how much you love me and why you
love me why I'm so great and why I'm so
amazing and why I'm the coolest man in
the world ever
I think check out that video later on in
our channel the style right because
obviously yeah okay it's like so
yesterday video well the one I'm
rendering and editing right now might
look a bit funky and funny or it may be
it's a lot better I don't know but the
program that I usually use for some
reason probably because this computer's
falling apart is not working it's got a
problem with the codecs or something and
it keeps crashing which is a pain in the
booties and the same happen with the
other one Adobe Premiere and avid and
movie so all of them for some reason are
acting a probably registration but
Corral which is one I think I got for
like 60 50 euros and ages ago only guys
see the tutorial um some later channel
about HD editing this is actually
working so it's really awkward because
it's not a be editing so I'm not really
sure what's gonna happen but you know
it's actually rendering so we actually
have a video today so please forgive me
if it's crazy
javi
Oh your vicodin who are you marking it
Oh
oMG guys look at this oh look what
happened to my pond
luck I am then you guys didn't know I
made this pond about two months ago I
think it was but we put a lily pot plant
thing in there and look it is bloomed
the lily has bloomed I think this is
falling over this back up the lily has
bloomed oh it's so cool isn't it it's
probably got loads more to go there's
another one over there ready to go huh
that's so cool yeah okay thanks I'll be
look forget the Louie plant no I can
watch it's coming along it's all grown
up
it's all grown up without me
sit sit
when there's no one here we tend to that
I'll be off because he prefers being
that enough didn't zone pain hanging
about you know we're mean Anna walking
her was introduces last time oh yeah
yeah in Dublin yeah but now we're here
this is like this is our local we live
quite quite nearby to here so this is
this would be our our local walkies okay
we're all going on a walk ease we're all
going on a walk okay - the shoes cuz we
run walk but no way I'd have to see it
from I started all by myself guys all by
myself who was the only cause I had left
as well I love that shirt oh wait
who's a pretty lady a pretty pretty
pretty lady
this is awesome
Oh someone with fever like they moved to
car see her little pink car and shame
and the second
it kind of gets pushed around
it was been in hedges and it's been all
over the place and obviously somebody is
moving on to the main path here
we're like get it rid of it get back in
the bed good point
oh look it looks like in the ghettos got
it cuz someone take its wheels off but
they put it on blocks pulled over ask
for directions boom alright they left
the lights on seats out Barbie movie oh
oh he doesn't like the volume of you
know I know I know now I get aa B I'll
leave it there are you kicking up a fuss
you're kicking hey hey hey hey hey hey
hey hey hey there mister man 30 IV
Dalbey dirty young me
the hills come alive with the sound of
I'll be you're going on the road ring
keys
okay keys oh they did they're gonna
collide I've even stopped me was like
hold on a second I don't know if I trust
this so much don't get your paws dirty
yeah this is the river rivers getting
very small is it I call it the ocean the
Irish Sea yuck you see there's a tsunami
hat no hat no swim oh hi no swim he goes
under water towers and he go
investigating their investigation means
go back to the grassy part though yeah
he prepares it and get a good run what
do you guys think
let's go hide
hahaha find us you for having us
you pass the test you may come home you
may be allowed to spend another day with
us but every day we'll do the test and
every day you must pass the test the
dalvik there's no prophecized hmm never
good feels good feels like a good field
field of dreams never could farmer face
there you had how it boils what do you
guys think of my cool shoes someone else
in common they said they hated issues
more than life itself I must inform you
these shoes cost 4 euros and I got them
from pennies they are not a fashion
statement they're not a comfortable
statement they are absolutely not even a
statement I kind of Donna's house I was
building the pond and I had absolutely
no shoes well I had my good shoes then
want to ruin them so we bought these
ones so they would get ruined and it
just has so happens that during the
packing process these are the only ones
that I ended up with that's why I'm
wearing them ok
getting es whoa
did you get a hope how far how far down
does the rabbit hole go close are you
gonna win the race me or Albie Albie oh
yeah yeah I think you should find out
okay guys
where is it - where's the race to the
path the path yeah
what about those trees okay those drugs
mom okay all right
like he won't know that it so mean if
you're a nice dad you just let yourself
one oh you don't wanna be late for
dinner all I got this is the vegetables
cuz all the good stuff will be gone hey
still no chicken or something huh
he's smaller than you
yeah
mm-hmm
doesn't obviously smaller doubts in him
yeah yeah I want to go probably a week
what won't come back
I'll be good boy
