finally I can change my clothes people
oh my god
well not that long but since all the
moving all my clothes my clothes and my
hose have all been stuck in writer
laundry basket or in a box last night I
put on a wash and it is finito from the
tumbler oh yeah come on guys come on
Naja popping oh you good guys hey guys
boys and girls good guys and boys the
boys and guys in your house all right
now now I'll be uploading today's video
now what can I do with a drunken sailor
hmm of the fresh I love the freshness
smell the smell is like fresh you know
what stuffs like just edited tumble
dryer you know and it just it's all like
fluffy and it's warm it's like your best
friend and it smells I swore I fell
asleep but oh no it is lashing rain ah
rains all the time I'll be what happens
all the time
somebody left a lot of comments on the
last one there right I hate when you do
that above I said it's those stupid I'm
in the wild ooh your animal voices
because I don't like them well here's
the deal man it's my real voice
taxis got this a brother-in-arms bad
company it's pretty awesome OSIS it's
like em which thoughts not like he
gained its am a simulation a stimulate
and thesaurus that's basically what you
do anyway I'm gonna vacuum thank you
series we're staying here for a few days
we got it we got to earn our food and
our shelter with chores and tests and
tests and tools and all the dust baths
and all then I'll do some chores and it
won't be a moment and with some giornata
some more so come on now that's though
now let's all get ourselves some home
anything else
awkward silence it's like the tickle
police have found Alby Oh me of the
tickle police found you
oh he have the tickle police found you
the tickle police are very deadly
serious it's very dark here
hop up there let's have a look at her
little fellas porosity and I'm going to
make a video you guys can check our
video today later on because everyone
wants to watch the stop what's today's
video gonna be bad
you kind of make it up if they're world
exclusive fellas fellas and fellows
fellows at the world exclusive she makes
it up as she goes along what are you
doing what are you doing what do you
mean that's my hand you're chewing on
that's my ah I always exercises in the
back of his mouth to get a good shoe in
there ah he's such a little nice teacher
who's a little ass teacher are you
actually actually I don't know like
that's actually kind of sore to be
honest I got a move because we can't
move in till Tuesday
I'm gonna have to take most of the stuff
out of the car and bring it in here
which is really bloody annoying Mike but
I'm gonna see what I can do at the
duvets are a must because I can't be
diagram to duvets and maybe one or two
two bags but then everything else is
fine or we could keep the duvets and
move half the stuff and then used to do
way to cover everything behind OMG sad
you guys want to help part of me
doesn't even want to look at the car but
I'm guessing I'm guessing the yep
the usual usual problem goodness I lock
itself Oh pink laptop tires lots and
lots and lots and lots of do they make
you saw this driving approach
it's got like no room for anybody or
anything it's just like pretty much
stuff and the sick
she sent me three text messages
apparently I don't even care but she's
got enough guys to hold the camera for
me so you guys could just leave a
comment okay and say I miss the most
beautiful girl in the world
, she is so lucky to have Joe Nathan
. those exact words and then I won't be
beaten okay
oh my god it doesn't look like you want
to just like climb in and go it's like
to do bake our inception know there's
cars out here and you up with the camera
people obviously need boosters for you
but you do have a short Charlie Sam like
you're at an airport you know that's it
get yourself together
didn't that remind you of an airport
well that's why Reiner said one bag per
person my name is Joe for penny and
every single day I must seize 126 bars
of chocolate if i eat 127 is too much I
say 125 incomplete feeling normally it's
in you my man is 126 chocolate Oh bar
anyway smooth stomach glass everyone
consumes of the bars of chocolate when
also consumes lots and lots of
wheelchairs others you know have the
goodness of fire inside it's all over
elves you missed it we pack a car make
an administration mistake wait four days
to move into your apartment but you have
a chocolate addiction that's probably
enough oh look you can actually see out
the back again that's a good change so
gonna head down to the shuffle door OA
to get some munchetty crunch because
it's a Saturday night folks
I think
I think I'm going to eat shop all night
and watch some filler metals
it's inconvenient
let's go g1 folks I'm in gear yes I have
lighter
oh my doors open this is more for anyone
actually drives but see that light okay
that light only comes out if there's a
door open so I'm a little concerned
because we're driving along here
apparently one of the doors open so I'm
kind of open all my stuff is not gonna
just fall out one of his toys into the
military let's figure out which door is
actually open
anymore you lose the tire let's get the
pumps my way so I would pump it up pump
up the jam pump it up
this is hard to do hard loggin so this
is what I went way to feed my hunger and
I got three people saying for free Yomi
Yomi
so um that'll definitely do also guys
what is your favorite flavor of Pringles
because I love the hot and spicy I like
anything that's kind of spicy or chili
or anything because like nachos but
fortunate you can't well not just you do
make it home but you gotta make them in
blah blah blah blah blah but anyway what
is your favorite flavor of Pringles
