oh my god guys sometimes being a growing
up sucks patooties
ana he forced me to do the grown-up
things I do the grown-up thing guys
as they say rip the plaster off so we
Ram brownies brownies yeah last day in
the doctor's what you do what should you
do for breakfast from people from LA
what should we do today if you want to
do today Albie I want to be involved in
everything everything and I mean
everything
let's play a game where's Abby I don't
even know where LD is howdy
I can hear something
stop hanging around don't try this at
home
all of this what's this what's this star
this part oh he's got that books it's
the hardest part you concur so I think
oh we should bring all that then it's
the most important things you know you
can't get rid of your modern warfare our
special edition box ho no Jose no way
because these are the important things
you need to keep what you got I'm
goodness gracious although you know
what's come in handy
thank you very much Charlotte crawling
in my web check out our youtube check
this out
she gave us a big box now she didn't
just send this big box folks in case you
missed it
she sent us because lisen baby a ghost
lesson it's in court waiting for us we
can't be a ghost less no more any hope
so the big box is going to contain
something ornaments morning those
finishes the lighting stuff little pink
camera so that was kinda handy that was
a handy number so we're gonna leave half
the stuff in my mom's house and we're
gonna bring the bare essentials with us
because we're coming we're gonna come
back to Dublin next week and get any
stuff that got left behind
oh you're left running down there
all for Oakwood Oh fill up full to the
brim goodness and items of item is city
so it's got pretty much more stuff done
they're gonna head to my mom's house now
she gets welcome to mom's house come on
to mom's house we're trying out so much
clothes what do you guys do a closing
turning back my mom works dad she works
more Hospital
beside the hospitals they have when Rose
knows like charity shops so she's got
her kids she's like take all her clothes
and give them in there I read so well so
you've got all these bags of clothes
there so we're gonna go it's town and
drop them off there cuz it's the good
thing to do hey cowboys and Indians
so check out what's behind my house this
is really watch all my stuff so how my
stuff is going to my mother's house all
the clothes are coming with us to Clarks
you guys think that's fair
our handsome person right so he's made a
creek right behind me I haven't won you
guys in over a month
I kind of thought so now just gonna drop
off all the stuff she had she got what
is that's all the conservatory or
something good
decking a garden see like look how much
the light comes in the door now it's
awesome yeah yeah just covered all the
crap that's way better
oh yeah her insides outside yeah the
whole room is just feel a little less a
lot bigger I rings me grant my brother's
kids thank you my mom is my mom in her
boyfriend boyfriend okay so what room oh
really - did you see my mom's friend
that works in the garden yeah you see my
mom's friend in the garden did you guys
notice my mom's writing in the garden
he's over here
who's this guy there's another guy now
we just am we just let our be command
back to the cavernous
you are pretty hot troublemaker the
trouble he's caused Wow okay he didn't
because there's no scars or anything
Baker so we have all all the half of
stuff all the stuff here that we're
gonna put in mommy's house leaving this
here now we're gonna head back pack the
car again and tomorrow morning we're
gonna head to court because tomorrow
- I'm worrying about six o'clock the big
men are coming so we're gonna wait for
the big man to come and turn the best
feature about this house is it's got an
ice maker what I kind of split the water
over it squeezes them give me the give
me a chunk of ice deserve it now then
you guys have the ice-making machine
things in your fridges I mean I want an
ice making machine thing in my tree I'll
be ya know who's your friend huh huh you
guys friends again
you told them what it is where we are no
every time I go away I'll be kind of
upset so I usually end up putting him in
somewhere and when I use my hand to like
back him away from the door
he's naturally nipping at my hand and
going like growling at me he takes after
his mother cuz every time I go out I
have to put an ax in her place and she's
always nipping at me Oh mom that's
plaguing magazines what's that one there
there's a brain what's that one there
that's why she what's this one here
folks
we just scooch around here something
about a Top Model
something about a Top Model who's that
pretty lady yeah she said take it it's
the burning one is it one must edit edit
edit edit anyway someone just asked me
on a comment why do I say oMG Zed cuz it
is correct it is Zed oMG so my god what
Ana's mom and her sister always come up
with these really funny things like a
coups ha ha oMG Zed was one of those
things in like you know OMG sad cuz I'm
so like non-conforming kind of funny
thing and then I always just said I'm
picking up on him because I think it's
really funny cuz it's wrong but it's
like oMG Zed Zed Zed oMG so that's why I
say it ok this little fella here folks
ah look at him he's still life in him
yet where everybody's
we can make a sound sophisticated when
no informant was it a little guy what
okay
and here he is 50 P and what exploded on
the comment section on the last video or
the video before Mary sure and people
ask you but I'm firms has purchase
princess if you read the house in
Ireland you can a get an unfurnished
house or be again in furnished house you
can choose most people who will rent
will get first because if you're renting
you don't usually buy beds and couches
and tables and chairs whatever but if
you're gonna buy a house most times you
get it unfurnished because you're buying
it and you'll want to put your own fist
to it so that's my friend this is the
answer to your question
