this is it like that
that's my more in song for you guys oh
and you guys want to come down give me a
hand moving because it is a pain in my
holy a holy moly Nathan Jolie so uh what
you doing there are we just chillaxing
yeah
Jackson understandable okay
so I'll be busy all morning and I wants
me to show that throw at all my
childhood memories and I'm thinking
that's kind of mean ah guys remember
this this is where we film the the
haters video and you guys watch that or
this is this where I did most of my
minor flips up from the start
thought it was New Year's a few days
after New Year's I shot the first one
down there oh the memories guys pretty
gonna tear to my eye this is right -
teacher dance cameras against this wall
the light their shattered dancer and
there I am geez now now we move to move
on to a new place a new place that's
going to bring new and exciting things
now old coffee cup name is Dustin the
cup check it out
I just found right who's that guy who's
that he's a hunk
who's that hunk man who's that hunk
look at these things why why I know
those other ones though there's like
color ones as well
I was always complaining about me having
tons and tons of cable and I don't know
what her problem is you know like I've
got this little bunch here you know I
don't see a problem with that moving is
such pain in the hood Bob okay guys let
Anadyr for me
isn't that cool she's such a talented
young lady with a great future and a
bright know what did I say great
potential in a bad future we'll keep you
in file
Oh
Hawaiian 3d are you in 3d I'm looking at
you
cameras ultra you are the worst thing is
when you wear this I see taking off
you're like what the hell color is the
world anyway guys I'll find one blue
scrapbook right you guys want a little
peep into my life if you get stuff let's
get to the good stuff guys get to the
good stuff seven back-to-school party oh
yeah my name mm-hmm mama oh I wasn't I
wasn't a gentleman
hello would you buy my product yes yes I
would like that
I'm deep in thought yes yes I do I'm
happy we're cool goods yeah
I'm doing all the work
me and the guys up here we're like
reminiscing you know we're finding all
the things that you want me to throw out
oMG guys look at it check this out right
you see that 1993 like I was in there I
was in Connecticut and I was like
Turkey's I got a book shot shot in there
got a couple of nine-millimeter shots
there I didn't get any both eyes what
you don't mean 10 years I have good
times with these guys and you have no I
drove my chevy to the levee but the
levee was dry start thing unless you
want to wait up drop it on the floor
let's go next I hear boom Menke boom me
about me JC climbing yeah he tries to
just climb into as many suitcases as
possible at the same time because he's
scary that we're gonna leave him even
though we're so busy and so much to do
and so many tasks I always find time for
an upload except here it's like the
worst silliest stupidest crappiest
proper net ever I'm taking like two
hours or something to upload I even have
to make the quality a little bit dingy
er just so we go up okay guys change
your plan because
it's too much it's too much water but
only a Mac so we've decided that we're
going to extend our stay here because
it's just it's just so much stuff to
move and it's you can't it can't be done
it's physically impossible people so you
know what we paid up here to anyway to
be in their month so we're gonna wait
another two days because in two days
you've got they were cycling company on
us that's gonna comb so we can shift all
the stuff that we want to show out and
we can move all the stuff in a more than
actually pay so it's two extra days so
we're gonna move in on Thursday instead
of Wednesday good to see ya just think
it's too much it's too much it's too
much I'll be I'll be is it too much
mommy is it too much
mama style light yeah
Nina's very stressed even Antonia little
meanies she's only a little meanies and
she's all stressed out lads
she's got stressed out we get us on
lunch come on now come on now you can
sign up I'll give you a 10-minute lunch
break
that's pretty fair so the
to me
we got lunch and I got the vegetarian
roll I gotta listen you fought well and
so tasty ma pong and it's nice the M
unless you rapped from time out time s
it's a delicatessen that's like right
next door to us it's so handy you guys
should check it out other really likes
the food what you got there let's get a
sloppy joe all right
oh my god you shouldn't give your dog
tomatoes aah aah the bridge lady
I'm the ogre under the bridge you made
it we made it made it across the lake
today head down to the bottom of my
channel and check it out I'm in the top
100 thank you all very much thank you
and you and you you and you and you
thank you and you in you in you in you
in you in you that's why as my present
present to you I'm very happy with this
if you have not joined the coolest group
in the world ever hit the subscribe
button and join be with me
don't you see being with me cuz I am
funny
Papapa Papapa poker face so I know full
of micros the approach
