it's kinda moving day we're gonna head
back up in a bit now looking forward to
the driver mmm tasty muffins oh snap
yeah I got her driving but okay nice to
see the whole place for a bit do one
last vlog yeah that was pretty awesome
so we like pretty much sign up the
forums and we paid all the stuff so and
back the best they can do is Wednesday
so Thursday's blog will be like the news
place although tonight this vlog I'm
gonna have to upload on the old internet
network so it might be a little bit late
tomorrow because the Internet's pretty
darn poopy poopy pants oh we won't have
internet so we move into new place for a
couple of days so why'd I have to come
here to upload which is kind of annoying
because they don't see Eric every day
and she's like
oh yeah let's go got free intent phone
yeah yeah like like things we have
London movie first with it on our phone
Internet yeah thank God for the iPhones
but let me I've got a lot of video on
the iPod could you imagine
they have like cinnamon and Apple
it's my lung Oh we'll never ever be back
here again this is it forever
oh so much to do a just folks cars only
remember this place folks
this is what we call us a little bit of
a problems remember we're in the end
when he wouldn't go cheerful hopefully
today we won't have that same problem
top it all in three four go let's get
out of here before I change its mind
that's number one in the bag
so we've got a sucky max oxide problem
here so we didn't have enough petrol to
we know enough to get all the way to
Dublin so obviously I've decided to come
off the motorway now rather than waiting
till the petrol runs out but it's like
normally the course of Dublin Road is my
one row but now we have to come off the
motorway Oh
now we must find the petrol station
what's up buttercup
all right so my vlogging it's all my
fault
it's inconveniencing open the window
people can listen to them you guys like
sound so we put the petrol in the car
mommies inside paying for it does a good
process we have oh but now we are full
to the brim petrol liamri so there's no
more stops I said that myself fill it up
to the brim brown because we are driving
all their back to Portland seeing I'm
picking a roast chicken oh my god
they're cooking a roast chicken and so
mean because that's what I want normally
it's like oh we're having lentil onion
and grass clippings for dinner and then
as soon as like an hour or two after we
leave they're like having a roast dinner
a roast dinner that fancy lady who's
that fancy lady who's that fancy lady
whoo hey girl you want to come to Dublin
with me I'll give you some sweets okay
and I have a puppy her she could dress
like I want a puppy we thought you're
gonna come back with some sort of like
ice cream because everyone else got out
of the shower ice creams
No
wasn't feeling very generous ah nuts
Erica Texas they're having roast chicken
she doesn't understand you don't know
what we were talking about here you just
she's just come halfway to a
conversation she doesn't understand you
understand
there we go folks
we made it all the way here look and
strips down so
well we're back in da key now just
waiting on Anna
she left her scepter iPhone in the car
I'm so tired but oh god the drives over
now the harder part we gotta move
everything look at a car and everyone
back to work
it's gonna be fun do you remember this
place
vaguely vaguely oh guys how many pods
some of you new guys new people that
have had new subscribers that have come
on recently this is where that's where
we live just where we're leaving at the
moment this is our old stomping ground
as you can see it's my my office is up
there it's kind of a duplex it's the
kitchen inside it's teeny your computer
room outside the dog Oh mr. kitchen this
is where I'll be learn to go up and down
the steps
help me pop see people I told you I had
under clothes but you didn't believe me
but y'all order this at first yeah
obviously yeah I just realized that I'm
when I was vlogging before we left off -
I was like member for something day four
this is a different kind of walk for a
change
normally it's always to walk down by
cokie and quark this deal stomping
ground
this is how we used to walk all it's not
my sharing river walk this way we didn't
welcome this bit because we're waiting
to get our food we said like 10-15
minutes so put it loudly we decided to
bring them for a 10 15 minute walk oh
I'm running away from me
