all our friends have gone it's just the
old team what are you gonna miss the
most about your new friend just being
able to talk a bit stuffed up because we
had a lot in common and it's kind of
difficult to find that with like other
girls so yeah that's right anything I
had missed the most I can't see me a
byproduct of his friendship
we walked like I'll be walked so much he
walked from UCC in the tent on all
around UCC into town all around town for
ages and then back from town JCC where
we were parked is like crazy and my
muscles are so sore oh using it upon
Dobby they've added ducks this pond is
growing and growing it's got little
duckies no plants and even a rocker he's
growing up a little bit like it didn't
sings hello hello there
may I pass please but I have permission
to pass by mommy mommy ready to go you
gonna come get a coffee okay so the tire
went flat and died again you can see
here which means go back to the crazy
pump but you know keeping herself busy
it should be you come and help if you
wanted to and are you okay now you feel
good about it
I can't hear you I can't hear but I'm
just choosing not to hear because I hate
all right now it are so much and you
don't want it like it's outfit and I
like life how can you hate something
more than life itself
if you don't hate like so by saying you
hate something more than life itself is
that kind of saying that you hate life
it's a kind of a weird statement still
waiting for the food waiting for the
food
I'm so tired are you so tired yeah but
I'm happy cuz we're getting lots of pine
this is my order all that number four
yeah it's for all of us okay ma ma ma ma
you're really biting things you don't
mean
when I was little I used to I used to
have blocks right on like building block
it's wooden blocks it's very therapeutic
first when you're achieving like
obviously I'm not eating right now
Barack's to bite on I never have blocks
to buy it I just really like the
sensation of like um getting here
and do something maybe that's why I like
mmm-hmm no I did not I didn't like I was
like a fright hated little beads and
things they freak me out like okay it's
like bad you could choke on them for
like building blocks like wouldn't you
isn't it
you're the one in the classroom don't
eat all the Lego and have all the chew
marks on the Lego and everyone else to
be like I'll give you like picking up
the leg or two bits in it I used to
steal things from kindergarten oh my god
do you like pieces of jigsaws
do you guys ever steal jigsaws and
pieces in Mozart when I was little that
we used to go to Pier 1 which is the
shopping it's in America it's not like
here in Dublin Airport that's the
Ryanair one Pier one and they used to
have like jars of those little baths not
bath salts but like there would be
little animals like in plastic and then
it's like a gel inside like yeah yeah it
dissolves like in the water but anyway I
used to steal them like I used to go in
there with like my parents would be
buying the furnitures and think and I
used to just put my hand in I grabbed
all cuz I thought the animals were like
free you could just take them and it's
just stuff up my sleeves and then walk
out of there and my mom actually knew
for a long time but she didn't say
anything because she like enabled my
stealing but it's always the parents
typical Baltimore a Steelers dealer
neener neener neener
I never saw actually one time I was in
this gang when I was a kid it was called
skills and crossbows he cycle our bikes
around the green down levana oh yeah
hardcore so my initiation ceremony one
time I was sent to the case you are and
you guys have like Tara near you go to
case yours commercial was a shop right
and I had to go in and steal something
so I decided I was gonna steal and know
there would be a good idea a raffle
booklet because that's completely
useless so I actually went up to the
raffle thing and I was stood there for
like an hour
frozen waiting for my moment to strike
it's definitely an hour just like whole
eager like I'm sure like you saw his kid
like sign there for about an hour like
you know and then eventually like got
out of that and then like what we gonna
do with like a book of raffle tickets
like they're like well it's a raffle
between ourselves so I did it I didn't I
get it although I found you know I quit
the gang you know he was getting too
tough they wanted to go to Lake lines
and like psycho over the bridge I wasn't
that was too hardcore for me
now I think I'm ok
