we should friend Alvey you guys want
some privacy making out with a dog so
we're down in photo was shown candy yeah
you can't walk in that's like you know
you got jaywalking yeah I think it's
don't don't know the desert to find a
fine that's so cool
Anna's got us lost in photo Wildlife
Park I suggest going
now you can easy you're tricking me not
up there I'm back around two drafts and
leading over to where the Tigers are
Anna suggests huh
what do you suggest do you suggest no we
good this way
that's the actual official Irish
transportation yeah
she's having a bit of a munch oh my god
you can do like a photo hall and you can
like pair two pencils with the parameter
yeah yeah yeah it's cute well you are
you the numerous try it anyway
doesn't matter try before you buy is so
cool oMG so I got a couple of pizzas for
a Dulce she said she wanted five feet
five and look at this one piece of ham
in my on my ham and pineapple pizza that
guy's open liar
there's like further up there's like run
to walk we're always on the walk but
like 90% of our vlogs somehow end up on
this walk what do you think of our walk
on very long we just started this is net
far into mommy
so we're gonna lay out for a walk and
why do you know it's raining there you
go
as proper I dreaded what's eating their
dad breeze come down another youtuber
over here
do you guys some chocolate no you got
some job don't send him Chuck do not
send in chocolate donut send them
doughnuts I like doughnuts guys so I'm
making the big chili and what do you
know what everyone else is doing
watching dr. miner do you know actually
okay what mince veg boom press it up man
take this time what am i over there look
at the cars it's all the colors of the
rainbow I hope you color so very low and
that's our ring
for candy
what a nice spread you got there lady
but how many people are feeling
I'm just add well he's getting the
matchbox the dietary requirements you
having yes yeah yeah wait thank you very
much I'm ready for mine thanks oh I
don't know under there
