morning so we are heading to see a place
which has fiber Rob adding it is within
fast paced walking distance mommy's
house hey stretch we're stretching here
folks you can walk now shush and sit
down now it has everything you want
everything you wanted Scott it's a nice
little prize in the closed gate of the
carbon apartment Cartman's place so you
know the deal guys you know where floors
I don't want to live in grandma's house
no weird furniture no weird furniture um
so uh come on all in the adventure but
everyone missed that as time is running
out because you know we need to sort
this out pretty darn quick low low
because every all the other things have
fallen into place now and this is the
last factor in our in our adventure that
we're missing
so am a little breath for me this is
nice kind of quiet yep
yeah it is
did you guys have any other stuff around
this area while I waiting now for the
duplex this is the wrap right we
went to see that one disgusting
disgusting you saw my head chucking
disgusting so this girl here you know
choices car is she's ready she's going
to show us a place now it's a bit over
our budget it doesn't it doesn't
actually do it do it doesn't take all
the boxes actually over the budget and
ok look I can walk doesn't a fiber rod
bond you know Anna can walk her mom's
ass but we'll go things I'm sick and
tired of looking at the dingy dark and
dingy the poets they're all in really
good areas they're all that's always the
problem looking in government
and the difference villain in it it is
different
it's modern you see the well you're like
like the Badger as it as a room
that's got incomes at a rocking chair
something like a 50-inch plasma in the
wall here get the PlayStation here
that's lazy boy here yeah it's what I
was thinking to be walking I'm like oh
oh no guys that's probably nicest place
I've ever seen in my life that's nicer
than where you have it doggy oh wow
we're moving here please live in donkey
by the way thanks but we're moving okay
what are you gonna do actually but you
know what to do before we leave or walk
out the drum we show you exactly where
we live you guys can I go oh yeah uh
AMG's ad oh my god I just couldn't get
over right there's aircon in there you
notice that cold it was like holding a
good way look at the light it's got a
balcony it's got a Sun Room it's not
like the size of all the rooms or the
size of ceilings what have you guys all
hit click on the ads
oh man it is so good that is so nice oMG
what you guys think huh
come on what do you think come on Oh
m-mother I did negotiated folks Monaco
see 18 skills I got the price inside
their budget I put a straight face what
you talking about I put on the love and
my passion that could be eyes guys
that could be ours all that light all
that's real estate I got my own room
I'm G's ad would you grab that keeps up
like that clean and make dinner for me
every day yeah not like dinner I'll keep
it clean okay so hold on hold on
step one work that step two breaks that
step three appears you've work at so why
do we need a groom of Robbie can you got
any you guys from court recommend a
groomer for Allah because we've been
using this at this woman in Dublin who's
like really really good and that'll have
moved to Cork it's like okay we need we
need someone in court that's really
really good so if you guys anyone from
court if you guys could recommend a
groomer that am all for our Maltese you
know it's got to be extra specially
amazingly cool all right let me know
leave a comment send in the card check
it right hey shad and guys haven't seen
all right it says B is for brilliant
I don't even hold on she can't see it B
is for brilliant B is for bold
B is for brave the dazzled behold
alright and then you open it up and it
says B is also for best man especially
in your case congratulations you got the
job do you think kind of cool isn't it
it's totally unexpected the undisclosed
person who is to receive this card
in the next few days would you think
look at it a little buzzy be like
fighting is something for is kid so
we're about to go shopping to get em no
way Jose
that's the suspense I'll tell you guys
later
it's yeah you can guess feel free to
leave comments if you would like to
guess but you know you know you know
okay we are going to have to go to the
shopping center to do now store as done
stores for breakfast for people from LA
I was just talking to my friends and
saying fun inside the first in there
should be three she doesn't care when I
first moved to court just before well
already given four I'm Anna I need you
to this has to just go Bernie and Joe
and I just flipped into Bernie there and
last time she saw us was when we shot
that music video and then obviously we
were dating yeah news that we just
bumped into her it's like we were done
we're like engaged and they're we've
moved back the core and we're like
living together we've got Alby it's
crazy isn't it like it's three years and
only four years ago and then we bump
into her and esto
I found the perfect breakfast there you
go
I was kind of in stereotypical
oh yeah yeah definitely and you're here
you can just pretend that you're cooking
yes only one pack
I wouldn't eat one every night me either
and I said she was gonna cook some fresh
pizzas straight from dough did you add
you cook those big Wow did you make that
yeah whoa you roll the dough and red
cheese and what's what's it lying on I
said did you oh you made a little box
for it to go in oh that's so cool oh oh
you put it in a box to make it seem more
authentic cool well you think so much
and I got that one didn't you yeah his
Oh perfect timing went there and I was
hauling him up at the at the window I
suddenly just no warning at all he just
turned red one
