mornin kind Souls Day is the of the day
so what you may give me for breakfast oh
absolutely nothing I'd like to cover
Jonathan now that's such that you told
your woman gentlemen's I better guys
send the car today to my best my am
saying dear best man will you be my best
man of my forthcoming wedding that would
be terribly awesome
what I'm tell you the best part or I
keep the suspense I think I'll keep it
as medicine okay so just booked another
property for tonight at half five so you
know you know you know the rules guys
alright keep us clean keep us safe so
that's a half five it's in a big gated
complex it has one photo of the outside
you know keep the riffraff that were to
be gates but um yeah we'll see we'll see
how it goes but I suppose I better get
dressed
hey guys so uh I got a meeting down in
downtown got that at the University and
I was going to I'm gonna drop her off
because she doesn't owe me left home
alone so our dropper at the shopping
center she's gotta go shopping
she's gonna go shopping and I'm gonna go
do my fine but first of all we must put
air in the tire because as you may have
remembered I didn't actually go get a
tire that time because I managed to pump
it up with a bicycle pump but now it's
gone down again so I need to reapply my
hair
did you notice I'm looking quite dapper
today when it's a little extra effort
marino dapper brass things grass oh it's
so powerful look the way I'm doing this
I'm like a weirdo because I don't get it
you know it's definitely the best one we
went open at the ones in Dublin where
you put the air and tires they're always
really crappy and they like blow back in
your face in the crowd with these ones
that here in Cork are like awesome my
because is more like hey howdy doody
welcome to my car guys so um it's a
while after our being and CIT actually
got wrapped up in himself I start for a
couple of hours so I never actually got
the shooter anything but heading down to
the shop adora because lazybones won't
come with me so I'm on my lonesome Tod
um some time I thought it was gonna be
today we're gonna see yeah mmm I hate
this turn guys it's like one is really
scary turns because you can't really see
round the corner as you take the turn so
it's but scary but as I roll
we will see a place tonight which is a
it's closed all the pieces are coming
together by the way so yeah it's the
same like you know about all the UH
all the pieces are coming together so
far you know moving into quark
definitely seems like a pretty good idea
pretty good move you know like you know
I think I said it's the dancing was like
oh you have to look for the signs and if
you want the signs to be there it's like
you know we moved here to okay we have
moved here yeah we were thinking about
moving here and you know goodness
happens goodness happens and you think
oh goodness goodness has happened and
then you know you look for other other
things to happen and other things did
happen followed by other things and
everything appears to be pointing
towards coming you know the standard
quark and today I think well it's
probably a final sort of yeah yeah it's
definitely right you know yeah the
lifestyle is better here and every
everything's better
everything's better in court no offense
to the Dublin folk please you know I did
26 years in Dublin you know I'm a I'm a
Dublin man but you know you reach a
point in your life where you have to
kind of decide where you want to live
why you want to live there and this is
where I want to live
why because cork cork and me see eye to
eye so time to make dinner
we've been gonna go in with the Tesco
round statements 20% extra free instead
given 20% extra free why don't you keep
label sent off because it's not 600
grams when it was 500 grams well I
brought everybody 20% off rather than
where was that extra fee wholly cheap
affair was you percent affair 20% more
of something or to make it 20% cheaper
that's a good run actually that's a good
one books but she blows
though she blows let's get some light on
the situation
oh yeah oh yeah
get on me fan me check it out why honey
it's gonna be chilly because how many
chilly but it's gonna be something good
min CB fondle they don't normally buy
the red meats am on Anna's mom bought
the red meats the red meats
what you doing in here that's in here
oMG I'm watching that's 16 or pregnant
if you guys ever watch 16 a pregnant it
is probably the most depressing show
I've ever watched in my life it is so
it's so sad it's so sad it's like this
is wherever you call her and it's like
her boyfriend is one wonder she's
pregnant she's like 16 years old she's
to drop out of school and her life is
over and it's like it starts off with
alright we're gonna be a happy family
and ends up being like the saddest show
ever
you're not gonna cry every time I watch
it you guys watch it guys the amount of
fat that I just got from that Club what
did that came out of this that's the 20%
that's the 20% extra three you get 20%
of griffey dropping fatty you poopy
folks any hope so you know you guys grab
your plate line up behind me Alina I
don't know I don't know where that I've
been told don't eat in the fray do are
YTD car right and as a project i'll then
this lady depart you guys can watch my
progress I don't know what that was your
job you should pay attention please
that was your job is raining even coitus
nope so we're having you just drive eat
healthier
you put no taught into this did you know
Joe so I'm passing it over to my little
assistant over here
what you doing well Joe Nathan was so
silly and you realized he had the right
sauce Oh fashion though not too much
what it says it's Madame Curie or
something
oh it's a lot of mayo over to you or do
my job is completed don't put that in
the food on no no just no no no no you
got a murder oh my god Abby she did it
you're gonna have some ice burger ice
cream my guys iceberg our ice cream they
make ice produce into ice creams now
once him um and his sister Emma she
bought a Hogan ass cookie dough she
picked out all the cookie dough and left
the vanilla ice cream so essentially it
was the top of vanilla ice cream she
held the cookie dough so you guys never
done that somebody just wrote on my
facebook actually got someone marry my
girl the Mac girl I miss you vlog so
much my speakers are broken
ha ha ha Oh shucks ah that's so crappers
