somebody stopped my foot and stabbed me
in a foot and Anna's making it worse I
got a splinter in my foot Albie how do
you feel about that exactly how do you
feel about that my son I hate feet okay
but it's really painful
okay don't hurt me okay okay
no it's not big enough
Peter if you ask me a beat or a beater
no oh do I have Bakken on my boggle or
do I do the healthy option and have some
dried rice come on thinking boggle
fuckin fucking a bacon Hey
and you guys know I'm dulcet can me 87
she's like when I'm his friends last
night two years or something I think
they've known each other in YouTube why
damn she's like one of the like super
duper biggest uber amazing youtubers in
America probably the work you don't I
don't actually know her statistics to
give you guys rundown but I'm sure
everyone knows if she's got like a
zillion billion subscribers 100 billion
zillion subscribers something like that
anyways she's coming she's saying that
she's in university studying fashion or
something over in LA and they did like
Erasmus or some kind of exchange program
so she's in London I think for three
months or something like that um she's
been a couple of her friends so they
were gonna like hop over to Ireland then
I was like what
so did you gonna hook up so we're gonna
select her from the airport in Friday
we're gonna show her this this beautiful
town that is Yellin open boat uh you
know all the touristy stuff
you guys making energy yeah would you
like this piece of bacon my shirt that
I've been wearing every single day for
the last two days that's a problem daily
bumps not change your clothes every day
because people don't know what you wear
then you know you guys I probably
shouldn't have brought that up because
now you're gonna watch everything how I
have to hit well they just color correct
the videos make it like a different name
do not be like blue I'm blue da da dee
da da ba da dee da anyway got the
boggles got the fuckin doctor puppy not
to cheese Nina where's the cheese gonna
see a place now which is in the heart of
a little village that we really were
really wrong really want to stay in so I
new plant yeah well pumped you guys pump
stay with me to keep the focus focus the
energy oh ma ma ma ma ma humma-nah
humma-nah humma-nah ho ho that's the
focused energy so it's a good place
don't place wooden floorboards what's he
looking for
alright so you'll say we want right we
say why now because you'll see in a few
minutes okay what it is wasn't forest
check modern modern check washer
dishwasher racking parking
no crazy furniture no crazy furniture
please okay so neutral colors neutral
colors right yeah we're simple we're
simple folk you know everything to
picture this one writer yeah so but it's
got fiber it's got fiber internet which
means faster uploads to YouTube which is
very important in this day and age so uh
let's see what we get one of the
bedrooms there all right there's another
bedroom there different study in you can
see you have the style of a home where
beds there but we we say no carpets well
you know it was a bodega yeah cuz it has
it
and that's the little garden thing the
first one I walked in I think one step
in I was just like I'm ready to leave
now
yeah I say open the door you looked at
at the mat and the carpet no it's like
no stopping it folks
yeah that's right it's hot and in the
second one I was like okay the front
door and we open it up and I started
like coming I was like okay it's more
light but then I was like on carpet and
and it I was like couches are horrible
no idea what I like the Rose Garden me I
like the little guard anything this is
why we bring you guys along you got to
keep us honest
that that fan you know sometimes you're
like you get desperate in a sense like
and you're looking at place and looking
at places and you're just like I'll take
it but you guys know what we want you
guys have to keep us honest you gotta
keep us clean they gotta keep us honest
because that did not we sat outside like
you know if 10 minutes ago we said
exactly this this this distance did I
have one for us no did that have nice
furniture no why is that old and dingy
and dark
oh there's somebody in your pool okay
I'll be okay
so we're trying to decide when to
actually go back to Dublin because we
have to go back I know I keep saying
that every few weeks a bit and like I'm
talking so football much going on behind
me don't mind them I'll try and quiet
them down
so em it's like tomorrow I got a meeting
so tomorrow's out then you've got
Thursday but then Friday morning we're
picking up candy at like 7:00 a.m. so I
don't really want to go from Dublin to
crack airport that morning just a
weekend there today and that leaves like
next next week like Monday so it's gonna
be him it's gonna be a rush job oh we're
going to Anna's neighbor's house to
close all the windows in our house
because we're good neighbors like that
that's what good neighbors to take a
tonight neighbors houses and they closed
the windows couldn't ring Holly because
apparently Randy killer have come oh my
god look I'm like totally in the blood
while making the vlog talking to the
vlog a block of Rockefeller Cody
I love my subscribers in the morning
time please subscribe to Joe Nathan like
this video
no I don't think you want to rate it and
save it to favorites be really awesome
too
