it's another start to another week and
start up every week
you always have to wonder what is this
week gonna be what's this week going to
bring house is we going to enfold I
haven't a clue you haven't a clue but
we're gonna find out in a few days what
the hell is going on I'm hoping this
week we're gonna finally find a place I
know so far we are gonna have to go down
to Dublin because we've got a sort at
the apartment thanks guys
you never say those things to me I
depends on the comments for a problem
the people need to hear these things
people need to know that you love me as
old
it's like Edward pepper hand do you
remember that time guys where I made the
end of pepper and reference no no no my
coffee I think you have some pepper Rami
stemless oh what are they black all of
them because Iceland goats cheese what
are you making I hate that more than I
hate life itself they are the most
disgusting things I've ever tasted in my
life they are the most disgusting things
I have ever tasted you know in my life
it's goat cheese do you guys like black
olives or even green olives any kind of
of iPhone brilliant personal internet
device email device Twitter device
facing device whatever absolutely crap
telephone device but I don't really am I
don't make a lot of phone calls with I
don't use it really has a phone
I'm or use it as an Internet device like
it's got my emails my Twitter and
everything but do you guys have my phone
I'm with you I think of them I just
think as a phone like it's just it's
always got problems and it's just it's
not very effective but as an actual
mobile email Twitter Internet device
it's really good
I didn't step in to our portal because I
think you're saying nothing we push it
lads
this is what most professionals deal I
jumped over it I'm a water jumper funds
over there
let's get our heroes is that the people
when you walk with your puts us together
mental ditches look at the beautiful bay
bay of quark
huh
good boy hmm hubby
my friend
no Abby
Hey
that's that
I think I should forgive her guys they
become and let me know if I should
forgive her and then by the time next
video comes out tomorrow I'll tell you I
think you better not
I hope you've all learned something from
today
and sometimes get grumpy with me
Michael's develop this habit paper
it's nice the best fun what are you
gonna rap though well this isn't
project this is a different one but
anyways this is Emma's cart
you know posted to her bedroom signifi
many demands in
a manly like five is better at football
or something I just think it can be a
generic in sort of card yeah that's fun
well it's got a birthday yeah so we can
edit that out in Photoshop we build the
cars cars
everyone loves cars every boy loves cars
you were a little point about this fire
little boy I probably eat that or
something you're thinking that you're
thinking this child is going to read it
and sit down on a nice toss and wine by
the fireplace and go now let me read my
correspondence from Ireland dearest
Matthew it is a great pleasure to walk
my dog that's all I want you to do to
walk my dog even though he'll probably
be walking you wanna get this one what
do you think
please be sophisticated look that says
would it be my bestman
know having a friend is like
coincidences okay okay oh my god I got
it I got it I got an ax would it be my
best man
you're so boring that's like will you be
my friend at a wine tasting competition
Shantanu Oh God look at this stuff
what kind of a wedding is is gonna be
and I I find a book do you think a
husband's book that's that everything
that's for me what you need I don't care
I want real bad
I know it's kind of dark right because
it's a nighttime but I had to show you
this or we've just that we've just
dropped someone off hello lovely check
this out right this is at the top the
hill in court I don't know if you can
see that right what's saying is that
Cathedral or something is that chanting
leave a comment if you think that
Shannon or if you know that Shannon but
we had to go up like a million hills to
get here
the bus station where the buses are at
our bus station Wow nuts nuts girls
