almost there almost there
what are you going what are you going to
shopping for we're not invited we're not
invited we didn't get invited we didn't
get invited
ha ha in the back I got no clothes holes
you know my holes bros in my brow how
are the girls in the holes and all the
boys are bros take is that and this is
the thing right Erica and amongst other
people we're trying to figure out what
this actually is leave a comment if you
can figure out what this is so there's
the designer as he should who is going
to guess what it is the other one which
is kind of fun is the cookie and milk ad
says ruin my life you realize that all
right I've just fine now we're going to
a party tonight
probably we're about to partay oh no it
looks like headphones I have a feeling
that I may have made a mistake when I
bought Jonathan one of these shirts I
love the same I'm thinking this is for
girls little large one the love heart
what about like so you could do maybe
walk around like that
hi boys yeah so know what cut to this
one I kind of like because it's more
fitting or does it look good yeah my
haircuts in my ballsy remember where's
tonight to the party
hey you should it's really nice on and I
like that it's headphones as well
what how many times you gonna ruin up
for you guys oh honey just like a runner
- up - all right
Oh way to go boy I'll be the good boy
oh where you going tonight oh yeah let's
better than you it's like no it's so
tiny the Ephrata doesn't come in a
little beggar no no I tell all the boys
and girls hollow Chipotle's and the
Colleen's
we all avoid yeah
oh well be your poles you're soaking wet
Oh sucking my paws so we're heading to
Ana's friend's house Emma because our
best friend BFF forever after me because
Ana has something to say leave a comment
if you think hannah has ever looked
disgusting because she's the most
beautiful woman in all the world okay he
never looks like me unless I say so
now what are you doing are you going to
Emma's house she's not gonna I don't
think she's gonna watch this video
before we actually get there I love you
she's at the window watching her you bet
you guys are like no that's what's mean
what
people I'm asking her to be my maid of
honor where's Erica she's getting
sopping continued Tommy no secret so
it's a big move it's a big moment for
and I suppose but she's just being like
debbie debbie downer that be down her
pants you're pessimistic Peter okay so
why don't you guys know I tore the card
in on his face and be like you're such a
disguise you know we'll see what happens
we'll see if we can actually Oh
well-well come on
you know I mean basically right if she
doesn't take the job as maid of honor
we're taking the subs back ah leave a
comment if you can guess what the
present is presents
a green bag I agree my kind of a knight
and a card
this is crazy
for five minutes
