now I'll be Kafka poor Jaden what's the
operation Roman woman woman woman happy
woman
my name is Howard lumen he's nuts
Oh Oh nuts Oh nuts
Howie I know you think this is all fun
and games
sorry sorry sorry I'm the bad parent
folks oh okay now that's gonna distract
you you see that's how these neighbor
friends they're like Bros this is a girl
yeah misty and I'll be up at 3:00 you
got to reapply my air it's like we're
applying makeup this little little team
of people are you going I'll be good no
walkies you don't know no walkies is it
or walkies
don't tease tease me he's gone on the
walkies I'll be first you got up at the
end tire okay mm-hmm it's got a little
squishy again yeah party is gonna rain
I think it's gonna rain
all right no they're just probably like
weeds or something well looks your
liking is out there looks real like em
desert II I need an old folks on our way
home in spite of the rain so I suppose I
better address the fact that this is day
like 33 um so like 31 30 31 could be
like a month so like we're gone passed
among people you never mean last time we
were seen here but I don't even know
what the hell we are we like probably
like primary school or something in this
state I don't even know y'all thing is I
was like well let's say a hundred right
let's just but let's go that's a hundred
days because that's kind of like that's
long it's like the week is like oh it's
a week you know I'm done a Mon design
whoo okay okay no 100 days 100 days that
gives me another was I got 40 days yes
Jonathan because 40th heard you 470 67
days Plus this 167 blogs coming so am i
asked gotta be kept cool actually you
know cuz loads has actually happened
since since we started doing it you know
because when we did it like I suppose
started and then boom we got engaged and
then I suppose next thing you know we're
like we came down here for two weeks and
now we're gonna move down to Cork and
you know those things are changing it
was really exciting and sort of
interesting and none of this stuff was
kind of planned you know and interesting
is really cool and so it sort of
involved a revolving it evolve it you
know mm-hmm nothing better left over
chicken for the night get a bit of
cheese get a Chia batter toasted cheese
the back - ah
she's the chick in the backpack chi Chi
Kappa beta that's what she said I
suppose rock TM named it
as the hairpin you
the follow-up
they do exist
Lunchables dumped doubles
my hands
a Greek one was a salad for Greek salad
salad
it looks more like a mess really got
marshmallows on your fingers making
s'mores s'mores it's a little smile as I
keep taunting okay now on to mine so
we're gonna cruise down we're gonna
check out his other path this is the
same person the same estate agent that
and I had the place that we went to look
at and then it was gone and then I rang
her and she's like oh look I just happen
to have another exact same place is that
so you know same location within walking
distance even though somebody pointed
out that I said within walking distance
I am driving okay okay but in - splendid
walking distance if you have law that
time to waste in your life right now I
don't have the time to waste it my life
so we're going to head there now we just
work
it started raining so we're gonna wait
in the car she said she's only a minute
away because of traffic and afterwards I
swear to good Josephine oh I'm getting a
haircut because I am no longer pineapple
mine I am sick of being pine about her
that's my hair supposed to be like this
right poof
what the hell talk about split ends I
got split hair split hairline or
something like that and then pretty lady
ahahaha this is very hotel I can spray
the carpet or something how long was
that bad wasn't weird experience that
was a really weird experience it was
like it was like a hotel wasn't it
yeah yeah yeah what sounds like yeah
it's nice for a hotel so I twisted her
arm and I negotiated that we're gonna go
see a house later that she also has you
know which has a little garden and ever
sent like it Sam it's one of these
little amuse is there a person upstairs
is doing there sharing your bed sharing
her bed Jesse oh I see I'm gonna get my
hair cut now doo-dah doo-dah I'm gonna
get my hair but now I'm to get hurt the
folks say goodbye to pineapple pineapple
Express pineapple over thinking of thing
I'm gonna go tight bugs I'm gonna go
pretty darn tight I'm gonna go real
tight
I tried it once it didn't really good we
are about to look at the house waiting
here for the estate agent to come along
and show us where the new house you spot
it's around here somewhere so we will
find out soon enough what it looks like
hope it's nice this particular little
spot here seems to be them she's a bit
dingy no it doesn't so um what'd you
guys think of my new haircut is that
super uber uber cool or is it like uber
uber cool or am i sexy mofo or my hotel
photo leave your creative and
interesting responses below I'm too late
to the kitchen
