let's get for lunch what's cookin
chickpea chickpea Karma did you make
this up
aged baltic multiplied or this is great
a rice does not look a bit dodgy like a
dodgy deal look at these crazy bananas
over here kind of a banana is that
that's a crazy banana if a comment if
you can guess what kind of a fruit this
is is there a fruit what is it don't
tell me what it is what is there fruit
or a salad or a fruit salad is it a
vegetable
is it a vegetable no intentionally leave
a comment yes it's a vegetable yeah okay
it's a vegetable you get you get
absolutely nothing if you get it right
but it'd be cool what's your one chick
pea chick being went for their chicken
something order with some toward torn
paper I got the paper so we're heading
off to see how see number three now
lucky third time lucky
Anna's gonna put the lipstick on and
it's definitely gonna work out you know
so it's kind of like it's in the right
location i its Gosselin
it is in the right location
it's got access to fibre broadband which
is really really important it's walking
distance to Anna's mom's house it's
right in the center of a really cool
village so you've got like loads and
loads amenities and shops and stuff
right there
so basically everything picks the box so
I hope I hope that this is it you know
and that usually means beautiful or
stunning or luxury all I mean that it's
actually nice charming means it's
disgusting very nice or lovely usually
mean that it's not that nice so let's
find out the very best start because the
girls late to show us these farmers
which kind of puts it down on its you're
already feeling like oh yeah look at my
hair today it's like a pineapple okay
look at it it goes oh okay it's
pineapple leaf look it's like the top of
pineapple I like it like that
you're supposed to put the stuff in here
the stylists come to full o nuts a calls
since she just called and she was like
oh I'm sorry like someone already took
that one they just called this morning
they went to see it last week or a few
days ago and they decided to take it
today diam it but she said she is
another one coming on the market to this
evening so she's gonna give me a call
back about five o'clock and to see cuz
it's in like the same area because this
area it's pretty darn cool but my
assistant here is going to find us
another one isn't that right happy
assistant yeah the best assistant in the
world not only does she assist me she's
dialed me she feeds me and WUSA
eventually turns into a mom okay okay
okay pineapple head
to make our umbrella the best way to do
it is just to run for your life here's
that you to places I don't even turn the
camera for a second look is always
alright okay what's happening here where
are we what's going on
so here's a sitrep right two places
opposite each other one is a tree bed
one of them is too bad what they have
the same square footage so you've got
the two bed is a nice area because it's
got more room way more in light a little
car door yeah things I didn't like
mm-hmm when you come in the door you're
in your house there's two you know you
open the front door and you're in a
porch and then you open a second door
and I'm here oh yeah yeah that's what
happened you obviously didn't notice
that he opened the second door
yesterday's blog was in the lovely sunny
they had in the park playing
fire horrible
Hey so many people have left comments
I'm like oh my god I hate the heat you
guys are so lucky I know but I don't
know like what the rain maybe going
doors the sheet like you were Munich I
think I'll open a window it got hotter
by the way though I don't like that so
much you know okay I don't like the rain
so much get happy media but I think our
it is a happy medium because it's a good
mixture our brain okay yes it is right
yes it is it so yes it is
hey hey you been got damn
thank you thank you so erica was
watching MTV what's her name
Selena Gomez right Ana has got these
earrings from Munich from where they're
from
Buju Bogota can you see can you will see
you can you'll see well check this out
right
Erica noticed on MTV that that girl
what's her name Ian Tiago West senior
Gomez valina Gomez Selena Gomez has the
same earrings as anna has whoa I get
like take her earrings away okay go play
crazy that's crazy y'all annastolz
really a go message gomez
so I had like a cool idea right I was
just thinking imagine you had a video
right and people watched the video and
then they'd see like oh look he's dead
in my lower form or here at st. in
Galway or Limerick or Dublin or any
place right and you could watch the vlog
and then you can see that I could leave
something kind of like you know a box of
chocolates or anything else something
stupid right that you just leave
something and then after you watch the
vlog you see where that is they've you
know where that is
you can go and actually take it you know
and I mean and then I do a Twitpic or
something say like oh my god look I
found it but not be really cool become
like am a hide-and-seeker like a puzzle
game or something puzzle game I don't
know thank you some comments if you
think that's a good idea
and I might actually try it out by
playing like leave a little card asan
behind like you know congratulations
card our surprise a surprise that
envelope in a specific location you know
there's some comments let me know you
think
