welcome to the video bandy bonnet in
Bailey business my wife better the Billy
Billy BAE hi bill you back don't clap
and rusty I don't take me back dr. Bates
spell-o-pedia boo each birthday better
very good for you I like dates in the
morning example for bother bother needed
to come up just one well
my judge is speaking like that no crime
to don t oh yeah so M is very model of
the bug anyway guys seven years we've
been blogging the seven years ago is not
an angel at seven years ago we were like
oh we were like I was like that's that
let's do this for a week in our little
flat in Dublin that's mad to stick to
something for seven years you know yes
every single day for seven years like
such mental the Joanie other thing I've
done every day for seven years is like
eat sleep wake up breed so look what
I've just bought Lucy is not for her
it's for her babies because I was
looking up playmats
for my baby and then I came across a cat
one so they all get out and love it
princess raisin is tight round so when
you opened it a little bit more I think
princess Sultana second row oh I will
get some footage of Jimmy I do on your
Instagram maybe I will yeah like catnip
yeah I know if I put food in there
oh yeah exactly he just needs to lay
flat that's all and then chop it yeah q
okay you Daanish be perfect it has begun
all the stuff oh my God if I'm doing all
this work with Lucy and Aaron's having
the data they've even started working
out
they're just played her lying down
playing in the caffeine
yeah just finding you from side to side
oh my goodness girl with stuff balls
things it's funny cuz we clear debates
in a minute ago
and there was no ass I had a shower
chance Lionel different :
Valero oh so cute
Oh cute hello miss hello miss yeah he's
so cute
I'm so cute huh I'm gonna change a nappy
yeah we need to take it outfit trailer
don't we just to chew and can hear you
are you good yeah yeah do you make
dresses like your sister hmm she'll be
happy okay this is summer games at 2.0
Ciccone Jolie's at year eight day three
two one five do you know that I've been
making videos on YouTube for over seven
years
oh seven years hello leo Oh for your for
and life to making videos for over seven
years Amelia my dress come up here I
love your mouth
Yakub go butter some up the top just
something in the bottom I'm just
wondering are you know do you have any
what okay I am back we're getting ready
let's put this down here so you can see
pretty much all of the gardenia all
right
yeah
and if you were a professional
yeah come on everybody revenge everybody
whoo Wow
so we got to break that thing out now
it's like summertime ish
all right break did I leave comments how
many how many times up do we need a
media you pick a number and if they do
that many comes up we get to take a bite
here pick a number be hundred okay fifty
hundred eighty okay guys you've heard it
here first if you gaze up on this video
bounce bounce bounce bounce either
bouncy boy and a bouncy ball
what well if the world said you can have
a couple guys guys do you know what
sharing is sharing is caring that's
right so when Eduardo finished having
his goal he is Holly
oh no
Eduardo should be giving me that little
girl to remember this morning do you
remember this morning wardo when you
really wanted to let the dogs out but it
was actually Amelia's go to that dog
eaters and then what happens
what did Amelia do she gave up her turn
for you because you were sad and right
now look Amelia is sad because Amelia
really wants to have a go on this now is
your chance to step up so be a good
brother
and say you can have a go Amelia is that
what's happening now good boy here you
go Amelia
well done high-five - go God you have a
go whoa whoa can you jump over somebody
nothing could you come over me
well I lie in the grass you try and jump
over me does that seem like a logical
thing to do yeah ready ready wardo jump
over daddy
so you just hooked on daddy
here we go no thanks guys it was at that
moment he knew he had made it no way oh
it is terribly your mother will never
forgive me
did I didn't I not just say didn't I not
just say oh my goodness go wider quickly
to Batteries bed today go what oh no oh
no oh no oh boy
place your bets folks place your bets
folks so farewell Amelia's gone too bad
she liked to study and drink her first
champagne tonight eclectic you want to
nurse your own collection Riley what a
globe one of these Playhouse video no I
mean there's shop you wanna Oh kids go
shopping alone they choose to suit
Saucony Jolie's do you like you a you
enjoy that who's your favorite koni koni
you know Jessa Jessa Connie Jolie now in
the show in the videos on YouTube you
know the Ciccone jollies who's your
favorite Saucony Jolie
okay the battery died now me me I tell
me who's your favorite to go usually
from any male movie
well then you go to bed let's go no I
like it
- oh sorry ty show you so you want to
change your so who's your favorite
my daughter totally forgot to show you
this piece right the other day from
Armani
10 meters look at that how cool that it
has dad engraved on it and this new
Armani code was it called Oh could we
call colonia colonia one is so good oh
my god I smell so go but how cool is
that that it has like a little time we
splitted it
sorry diesel sorry you know just height
height of diesel he put in the middle my
little gang and these guy here I'm gonna
level Matty but that is so cool that I
just a bit mutters I would so happy with
that okay this guy just went into the
car and you can see slopes six six six
miles 666 miles a random is that what
and our date night is it a sign Oh quick
let's just do a quick mile you big
monster
we're sewing finding us in the garden
I've been to the Valentina started we
just do a play to play a part of
hydrogen yeah see where we get a parking
but yeah I thought it would be nice then
bill does not do our section but it's
very small
I mean it girls in ages though go tables
we could talk in the park
cuz look a little squirrel her Louise
you got high relief I don't think
they're ever coming at her bills again
there's no play like they came in and
then they just kind of like went down
the end there but like it's not really
anywhere forums actually go oh by the
way we got a garden place in bills yeah
we got the garden bill have a new lamb
burger but lamb burger sounds like
hamburger lamb burger Lamborghini can I
get that okay okay the cameras already
dreaming in itself for yeah but then
with all that I didn't get to have my
Lamborghini okay Oh kiddo kissy okay
crazy gun so I chose something new from
their menu which is the gnocchi with
spicy sausage and King Kong oh my god
it's so good it's actually amazing like
spicy like chili with it yeah really
good
I wanted the lamb burger Lamborghini I
didn't get a martini I got the chicken
martini engaging I have second where
with the build
this is really good so I really
recommend it and I feel as if new room
for dessert tournament does it feel like
that if you like that's the kind of
situation rising okay I'm having absurd
obviously and we bought the new crumble
and peach and raspberry and Johnson got
a healthier way
superboy earning a half way no pasa la
happy so happy I thought - I seem like a
normal person
these are so cute the only thing oh it's
hot mmm nice
I'm organic sorry but this is the actual
about what was it called Lucy oh yeah we
feel like the actual Walking Dead and
see buy you can buy it out Oh Amelia one
for fidget spinner guys I don't know
what to do so I know I won't wear these
Archie GT waiting even common should we
give in and get Amelia I'm sages spinner
and ninjas better just I just don't
understand what you do okay yeah a
little girly won't be a purple one
yeah you have to get Remy links or some
like fun like girly one that immediately
would like a religious better thing and
I was trying to learn how to digitally I
think really like the Chuck I've never
gone in here friends it's the ended
video but it's actually the next day
it's actually 17 weeks ago I made that
last log I don't even know anymore
they're a bit they're a bit muddy puddle
T it's just social anyway long story
short and we are looking for an animator
to join the team a 2d animator a 3d
animator a hand-drawn item whenever you
got can you make the cartoons for the
kids that's my question so if you can
please email testing as little squid
media co uk I believe link down below I
may forget to leave a link down below
but it's casting a little squiggly
lyrical UK said you show real friends
and you could come and work here
ah actually we have in an office that's
not here but we can be best friends
would you like hang out together okay
very well it was I make all my staff
hugged me every day it's called crack
okay it's not but how whenever matter
focus please if you'd like to if you're
finishing if you're graduating from
university or you happen to be a genius
who's learned all your shelf
come work for me be an animator it'll be
amazing I'm working on a huge big whole
series thing it's going to be super cool
coming to YouTube and I need one more
member of the team 2d 3d hand-drawn
Magic Man whatever it is if you work for
Pixar covered for me a set we get Disney
Pixar Warner Brothers 3 where you get a
ball come on okay goodbye good luck
