so I need to go and get the tire fixed
the other green car because it's had a
slow puncture for like ages now and
because you've kind of left it for the
time when parents works we use the other
car it's completely like decrease dance
so I can't even drive in it so I'm gonna
try and pick up just a single tire and
then change the tire and then as a
choice on how things are that so there's
not tire problems okay okay so thank you
so bright that much Nelly coming to get
you it's going to get you I don't know
why he hates it so much
it's not like it's offending any water
causing any problem it's your friend
movie oh look what's playing what's
playing in the background
well laude do it's yesterday's video
it's just gone up so I was putting up
the tongue nail I don't watch my own
videos I don't know what you're talking
about boy
and is unable to multitask
I am extremely efficient and
multitasking this vlogging and driving
live my whole first lovely suite again
which again tortilla it's a lot of
tortilla you guys like tortilla is it
yeah like quiche want some tortilla put
up your hand and you'll get a slice or
at the airport folks Airport folks we're
at the airport folks I excited and
delighted they don't know Lana's come in
here you're fighting Hanna's at home
because there's no room it's gotta be
this question very musical and look what
they're coming home to oh yeah the
beautiful beautiful Irish weather nuts
and I bet you it's been really really
hard in Munich for elastics Oh
35 degrees just look for the group of
shivering folk coming out yeah yeah heat
porter loma
toughest man so they should be here any
minute now I'll be does not like him I
hate being invited the things on
Facebook Oh until we're go to your
stupid party is not like not a person's
party I mean like like all these like
pubs and clubs and nightclubs and then
like you know maybe as a button duty
event of get rekt while throwing shoes
at people are something stupid and it's
like I don't want to come and then you
got like tons of everyday it's just like
these people like who they are and you
guys I'm telling you oh my god
oh ma is the German for grandmother Mamo
is the Irish for grandmother oh ma ma ma
whoa
so German is essentially Irish backwards
that's it
we've practice that's the German
language the German language is Gaelic
backwards
say R this drug
Sarah Corvus Chuck sister pig
well howdy-do folks we've cracked the
Germans wake up German language we got
them to be leavin German language that
smells looking at the frame waiting so
long sitting in the airport with my girl
and my dog
the flatten it fastest one but it's 22
minutes past and I'm sitting here I wish
I had a gun I don't know what I would do
with that girl but I told you this until
you ducked and never again when I
collect people from the error report
mmm what's this boss faster Stas that's
his food yeah it's a piggy chopping
board my very own piggy chopping boards
our own pig mouth why is the piggy thing
see the start right always uses the
market so I was like there's another Pig
here as love toys like I always like the
pig and now I have my very own pig white
point what do we call him
swift the neatness you just rip
everything open there the excitement
puts to keep us out in 1873 it's a fluke
oh yeah did you get in the same place I
did first topic fruit okay so we're
gonna pick up the tire but beforehand
we're going to pop in here and have a
look at one of these places here so Anna
told her mom that she's gonna move back
up the cork was mommy happy yeah yeah
she's pretty unhappy that I'm moving up
the court because she hates me because
all I do is dig holes in their garden
and fill them with water
so that's how see one in the bag well a
parchment e one they didn't like it was
gonna get the tire first we're going to
Anna's neighbor to try and get a bicycle
pump to try and pump up the tire so we
can drive it to the station ourselves
let's see how that works out that was
successful because I actually managed to
get a pump machines come on pump it
louder for Dina Mikey no Center gotta
cook no she knows that better cool oh
yeah swell the German kids away
