kind of not in a way I really enjoy
enjoy pork you know and you know what
our decision about moving here itself
it's like yeah give her you know
anything I kind of like thinking about
something and then you think more and
more about it than you know you're
looking at places himself and you're
like look and I think oh yeah that's
pretty cool like and then you're so far
cuz feel like two weeks we've been here
and you get to that point where you just
you don't really want to go home just go
back like to do all the stuff and
organize everything and then come back
here like we you just want to like oh
let's just let's just stay here now
let's just stay here right now and just
never ever go back well you know it's
probably I need a few things and I don't
think that would work out very well
what are you guys doing over here javi
what's happening here there's this did
you know Cody's over
it's like really really thick grass
thingies
now you could build like a touch cottage
or something in here this is happy so
what would you choose would you choose
it's a nice apartment it's an apartment
that's got a nice a lake just beside it
with a walk but it's kind of like away
from your main but it's in a nice area
or would you choose a house that again
it's got it it's actually got a little
amenities close by to it are we selling
this because the apartment in the house
are kind of in the same area so would
you choose an apartment or a house yeah
yeah an apartment or a house like an
apartment obviously it's gonna be
smaller but you're probably gonna get
more luxuries and more luxury items
whereas a house this is going to be much
bigger like a tree bad house or like a
too bad apartment hello hello there did
your friends tell us we're the ones that
rescued the other guy
you know obviously good he'll just say
he'll fall into pack mentality so we
just met this half Italian half Canadian
woman who had two little pugs as you
probably saw a second ago
and she lives and she lives like right
here so I think that's kind of like
that's kind of yeah later on he'll come
back there somewhere but you know that's
what you kind of do isn't it you kind of
go somewhere and when you see a sign
something like Albie has a friends there
really really not easy I don't think he
likes the horsie so much although you
remember at the pet show when him and
horthy didn't get along so much
screaming for like five minutes before
she even didn't
that's like mr. P behind us you guys can
see so we're gonna go and try and find
this AB this house that we were looking
at it looks really really nice on DAF
daata eak that doesn't necessarily mean
it's nice but you know we're gonna pop
along and we're gonna try and find it it
said it's like really really close to
here but I tried a few days ago and
failed so I'm gonna see if we can go
find it now
you must look so suspicious looking when
you're looking at places and you'd like
driving around the other place yeah
oh my god I think I found a place like
now some of you guys going back my god
you can't live there but you know
everyone has their own preference okay
so what'd you guys think
noise I like it you know it Sam it's
spacious you know you know you can
pretty much put it anywhere yeah I like
it too I like it a lot airy very very
quite contrary get that view but like
I'm in some sort of a Lego house or
something I'm lying here like an
innocent man
and I got me fish fish fish would you
like for your folks okay
this can't you just have them okay but
down to tell Jenny would do it you can't
even do that property can't even do that
property can't even do a property free
bigs yo one for you go you know once I
catch that once I can say it's all it's
game on
it's game over for you folks it's 11
o'clock
the petrol gauge automatic onboard car
thing he says that we had like 5
kilometers so we're like oh yes if we
get that into the petrol station which
is about like a kilometer or so away and
it's closed and the petrol thing says
zero kilometers left we're like uh-oh
so now we have to try and get to the
24-hour one which is like Douglas oh
that's like I don't know if the max
works out it's I don't know if it's
gonna work out if we're gonna actually
make it enough but we're gonna defy the
laws of onboard computers and try and
make it because we kind of have to make
it
you know you don't have a choice we just
look all right so let's uh let's go
ahead and turn the car and see what it
says how many kilometers oh look zero
commoners no he sure had happened folks
but luck it's gone up to five it's gone
up to five we might do this start doing
RV Chris dad where's dad can't get over
there
who's that red dad where's dad
the grid okay we made it to the petrol
station actually imagine this pushing
our dander or you tight I'll be every I
don't leave refers to the car and get
out be two to run and road pulling it
along
ah yeah a hundred and ninety baby 190
kilometers I think I think we'll make it
home before 190 kilometers runs F we
kind of noticing that there's quite a
lot of hugs around here
so life mofos hey can I get out of here
please
go for it go for old man of waffle at
the top of the barn no guys
