son Mauro there's a son Mauro by Mauro
mom merrily merrily merrily merrily
Nathan jelly
guess why I didn't bet my bottom dollar
what sun shining beautifully beautifully
it's Shawn Shawn a beauty Farley and I
live don't know wrong just to know that
language does not exist you ever get
that you know you sit there for ages and
you've got like a bear leg and you put
something on it like I don't put a
laptop under her bare leg look at it it
imprinted the laptop what's right that's
the charger it's the Chargers it's like
that battery here's a fancy tattoo lady
what you working on there and I'll
strawberry love no I think say what
comes into my head
private private times
I'm working hard folks working hard and
you guys watch like ok it'll be like two
days ago
we watch a documentary last night
another Louie taro and it was I said
African one was uh Nora t2 or PVC or
whatever you want to watch it for them
my god it was really hard hitting it was
really really a polluter I was really
good at that like I'm a Ross campus in a
rust rust camp nice campus even on gangs
and some news like oh I'm so cool but I
find the movie terrowin it's much more
compelling much more scary much more
interesting because Lily I don't know
it's like a Chancellor but it's really
really good and it's testing out some of
her dog whisperer techniques technique
one keep him on a short leash free he
says well
how was he
13 weeks there's no guys just yeah so
 like you'll have fun I'll be
easy good boy I love the smell of like
the sea when it were tracks the sort of
a barnacles mouth and SpongeBob
SquarePants barnacle is actually a bad
word it's like I say hello you know it's
been rain when it rains like for a
couple of days I'll be doesn't get out
so then we need you bring a man at the
end of it he just goes mental like and
all the dogs are in the same boat it's
like it's just like tons of dogs all
over here all gone mental like its
evolving i cooped up for like two days
they all woke up this morning look at
you and you're like oh my god hubby
would you like to go mentally meant okay
you ready I'm ready to go mentally
mental go boy mentally mental dog and
that's the last we ever saw I will be
caca I don't have it either good boy
well done well done miss that is like
come on
they're friends
but you got there a popper
so Pipitea pop now show the kids how to
cook a pepper make sure the spider eggs
mmm with my fingers Edward Edward pepper
hand me my wife come on it's been
putting out time folks no people no
style a poor froggy hold on to the
subscribers hold on tight don't you pit
up into my bed yeah we may have overfill
this oh my god was it oh my god this is
big time oh my god
oh that's when you push it down
it is actually right and we forget about
that one
the technique come on I would have won
except that that was long
that's your second order
that's a roof snail a roof house roof is
on fire
we're here BRR BRR BRR hello do you
realize how smoky it is in here I don't
know if you can see how smoky it is but
it's pretty darn smokey Smokey the Bear
I'll show what's going on oh goodness oh
goodness
