it's another disgusting rainy cold wet
day in Ireland and I have absolutely no
jumpers or jackets I'm wearing like
shorty shorts and a t-shirt and that's
all I got that's it now I gotta go down
and shop and get some bagels what's that
you're having bagels today I know
totally new we're decided we're gonna go
great visit today and get some boggles
my goals by those you're just like chart
up right is so disgusting rainy
fantastical let's press the alarm now
okay folks I'm a hero folks I'm a hero
among men your men
you mean you guys in like Texas and
California or wherever probably have no
idea what it's like with the Sun all the
time I suppose
does the Sun get annoying as well I bet
the Sun gets quite annoying some
lotta horrible horrible
all day the horrible horrible horrible
day or I want to be an aunt and time
it's raining it's towel and it's all
pretty Modi order would be outside
but alas Here I am and a cruel today
with no ham or I'm forced to go out you
must go out to be you
I must provide for my family but I don't
have a jumper and I've lost my
immaculate
of course it has it's got like a million
billion zillion times more heavier rain
cloudy rain way day right now as I pull
up into the driveway oh boy oh boy oh
boy oh boy I like a little cats looking
at me is I like watch you doing human
this is like so dark today I actually
have to put the lights on otherwise you
wouldn't be hard even Z me he wants much
geez here's another tidbit from Jonathan
and you guys like a sweet chili sauce I
like a chainsaw but I don't like the
sweet chili sauce you buy as a side of
the sweet chili sauce because it's
really not very nice but what I find is
that if you save a little bit of the
sweet chili that you might use for food
for dinner and you just get a little
just save it title for the hinge and
then you can kind of just a little bit
and put it on battable someone needs to
call NASA or something because there's
something crazy going on with the wife
didn't look at this carry on over here
I'm coming it's insane at the front like
this is crazy out here as well oh my god
oh my god
let's start off for a big storm look at
this crazy mess it's like a pool of
water Ida what you're working on there
beautiful ad blog post is it oh my god
maybe it's your brain I got a mean look
mmm
you mean look do you mean what do a mean
luck oh that's really good
now doing I love you you're Nathan look
fixed
that's why is it so I know her you know
all this crazy rain weather the wonders
is God punishing us because you know a
queer as being really mean to Dave and
she's always like saying Dave's an idiot
and maybe Dave's real maybe dave is
actually some sort of a god or a
communicator of God and maybe this is
God punishing all the Irish folk for
Cuevas behavior I don't know just just a
suggestion someone has an appointment
with the dental hygienist okay it says
no brushing required and I think this
isn't really a toothpaste I think this
is more like fresh breath fresh breath
and dental paste to paste no fluoride
edible tea place with natural breath
painting no person requires clean teeth
and fresh breath why do you put a little
bit on now who's gonna get their tips
pushed what do you think of that nope I
love it on put a little bit on a little
teeny teeny tubby you know you're
probably not going to like this cuz
we've never done this before like it is
little kitty
whatcha cookin good-lookin I don't think
you're supposed to eat that no take that
oh okay
cuz it is I captain vegetable yeah what
you got there aren't you supposed to
cook that first what you making she's
playing swirl brownies that's what
you're doing the Saturday oh yeah
oh chisel and you know why folks
were going out the auction today
oh yeah that's provincial there was a
special offer two euros one pizza for
you four euros two pizzas so he said
let's go ahead and do that
I got a film set up I got pizzas in the
oven I've got some sort of a she's great
swirl brownie it's gonna look something
like that and I got a beautiful lady to
spend it with a chocolate lady later so
yeah I think we're gonna check out that
eighteen film then Dan Pinard Dan but do
you guys seen it yet my prediction is
going to be total workers strike but
parent eaters hot chicks loads of cool
gadgets special effects and a silly
story line what else could you possibly
want for a cheesy Saturday matinee I
don't know what else could you possibly
want for that kind of a situation they
don't know what time it is
they don't know what time it is I don't
know what time is well that kind of
gives it away a bit yeah look what if I
just go like this like oh look it's half
man in the morning and get out a light
just came on I don't think it likes when
I am touch that yeah so uh this is what
we're gonna understand a night we're
like like rebels rebels would have it
cause there's no cause here folks
