sometimes it's really confusing because
this is the one that I'm doing now but
I'm editing borrow nope you different
lady tenderness of Sun have to sit in
the back mom this exact spot like three
days ago or two days ago we actually
Vlad how to make friends and influence
people John si si si oh and e3 every
guys can you set it really really fast
she's a really fast have you practiced
JK si si si oh and E that is a espresso
Kony
totally fail blogging Jo away si si si
oh and II better say is no Ciccone and
don't be I got to the ended forgot here
stupid microphone you can't drive and
talk at the same
hello father Mathieu
may I enter a Patrick Street please
there you tell you have to ask him don't
mind the wiper blade it just came up
here so we watch wasn't in our film when
that's left for most of it it wasn't
like the intellectual Joyride I was
expecting you know yeah
like Avatar I suppose you know but she
was the same main guy you know just kind
of not very good story right although
it's a beer I remember as a kid watching
it um Pegasus no it was cool like but I
just thought it was a load of poop you
know I don't know am I getting old or
something
I like a film a bit a story to it
nowadays I just don't like those let's
make you the treaty
let's put flying dragons yeah yeah
totally matter to go film what happened
to like the idea of a concept of an
emotional interaction with a exactly
exactamundo s' hey do you want to hop
out here because it is like five to
okay Nathan have you open the window no
no don't talk about the window you can
just get out the door it's okay see you
late it's too late apologize this bad
boy is 35 euros and Boots pesto has had
it for 15 euros for like two or three
years I got this hair trimming thing and
then I've been just using it basically
to at Shea but now I have a Remington
Steele
you guys remember anything steel I have
a proper so I can do what you make him
for lunch and what do you know when you
make a bagel fourth you do know
something you have to yeah do you have
to clean the bagel slicer but there's
some there's a tradition when slicing a
bagel one must do I did I just knocked
over all these water oops
don't you remember five six seven eight
fatal sites and Magel sites and
everybody's bagels not some bagels not
some I lost my breath my balance and my
body my one you make the best lunch he
makes the best lunch time the same every
day what are we gonna do today huh hey
hey lady
nice BAPS mmm we've got tender pops
your butts are tender and nice there
babe I must rescue the dog
I'll be off today Nina come on come on
come on she's the world gonna end
give me that stick
come here come here to me come here I
got him and he's stopping he's stopping
and token and the rescuer mmm moves that
chair who moves the chair folks I'm
being sent out in the rain folks to get
the milk because as if you guys have
been watching these videos day one
there's been a running team my loved one
brings my milk every day every night I
say don't treat the milk and she drinks
tonight if you love someone if you have
someone's love in your life don't drink
their milk and don't even look what's
gonna bring the next day
I wish I was at VidCon this weekend this
began this Friday watch a couple of
videos I'm like I'm so like gel to the
earth to the earth to do hopefully by
next year when I'm like the totally
totally like the biggest most subscribe
most amazing challenge ever on YouTube
I'm gonna sell VidCon in like Ireland or
England somewhere and either London or
Dublin because obviously if you're gonna
try and cover the European people
there's probably a lot more than I'm in
the UK didn't really darn it but
wouldn't it be totally cool to have one
over this side of the world because like
I was at that manager I can pull that
off friends follow me up I'll be totally
cool VidCon on Ireland con maybe like
some sort of an Irish pub YouTube
community thing like for like like four
or five big partner to YouTube channels
in Ireland we're totally cool to try and
like I don't know do some big thing
we're just jealous
we're just jealous we're just jealous
now I need some food he's a food woman
food me no food me Harley moulinet and
jelly so hungry and my woman won't cook
for me you guys got any hints and tips
on the best way to beat a woman so she
was you dinner like should I punch her
in the face but then I'm like of a punch
in the face will she still have grace if
I kick her in the leg
will she find me an egg you mentioning a
rib will she give me a little tid bit oh
I was like to add some some license so
you've got the pot on right I'm gonna
put a bit of virgin filippo little bit
of salt little bit of pepper I'm gonna
put a little bit of chilli and we can
see that it's can can put some actual
chillies in so
that chilly isn't it so on Katie pates
TJ lattes are you a Pidgey patty kicks
Pat get cut what's in here what's in
there everyone wants to look in there
hmm
I am proactive so I don't know if this
is something that I do myself but I
bought me I always do this with mince
meat I'm gonna be training this party
with the George Foreman thing is but you
can see here with the chicken right okay
team in a fact that comes off it okay
and I personally don't want to eat that
so all there was like when I'm halfway
cooking it and all the facts being
released
I'll just get a spoon so you're
basically just taking all the excess fat
out because folks you don't need all the
facts okay there's enough blood II crap
who do you think I'll be if you ever
find that cooking is difficult all you
need to do is talk to Billy bear cuz
cooking is easy with Billy bear check it
people plump pancakes noon Apple check
it we got the dough we got the Apple we
got the doggy forgot the things over
here
