so this is the start of the new process
as you can see look I'm just rendering
out that one from which you are probably
gonna be watching um and now we're gonna
start this is day 26 we are seeing your
infant's mofos oh yeah say that to me
it's oh yeah I'm gonna do it again you
gotta make sure your hair kind of blocks
forward right right there we go
ah Yee that's how it's done
I am dressed for a summer vacation in
the Mediterranean so it would seem
because Ana said oh don't bring a coat
or a jacket or a jumper why would you
need one for it to sunny as a May Day
all day in Kwok it's pissing rain
outside I'm freezin my only jumper
someone's got about you pissed on it I
have no idea that you guys got there you
want to jump her inside out if you just
love enough could be like a Couture a
fashion we lived in London man we should
do anything in this goddamn country oh
em gee ro would you notice oh look at
the stain have you ever had a stain in
your clothes and wanted to wear it but
did you know how oh well style staying
in style Singh Kham Palestine for all
your Steve Stan's team what we done
already
oh my god starting stain is amazing I
taught that my jumper was ruined I
thought there was no chance of me ever
ever writing a jumper again and then I
heard of stylist Anna
oh my god stylist aid that's better than
a conventional grind star stain
the teams on quite a good life one do
you guys do that do you guys am if you
see a snail when you're walking on you
notice like a wet day the snails kind of
come out and you don't have step on them
and crush them but you guys picked him
up I'm hoping I'll pass I know always
says that she's like she's Pro snail
style stained style stain for it strokes
no rescue that could be like a
subcontracting division of the status
now style snails no stain style stain
starless off oh my god say that really
fast 10 times gain snail style
all right go stain Sansa okay let's hear
how the faster stains new stains damned
snob that's not it comes go to stain
snail snail who's that Stansted smell
that don't you can tell how does not
drive because I released that the first
thing on the car okay
that's just a cowboy rodeo cowboy on the
road he saw me did it it was a Galilean
oh I'm gonna get into the pet shop here
one quark treat Albie should I'll be to
some fun fun found stables he doesn't
know who you are climbing in this made a
friend just something moving in the
grass
keep discus fishy friendz make it what
do you think of as a little close did
you dress your dog do you dress you back
do you close you can actually see okay
Carolyn he's a boy
but everyone thinks he's a girl anyone
oh my god Ivana if you ever got fish
this would be a nice fish paradise look
can you see this it's like a pink part
of us so in case you guys didn't catch
that because we're kind of whispering so
this little girl is like playing without
me and she comes up slowly and she knows
it all correcting this little girl comes
up and everyone's having a good ol time
right in this little boy comes running
off to Alby and comes up from behind him
and he just puts his Honda Navi and I
know I'll be you know and he's kind of
timid you don't if he gets a if he gets
a fright you'd be like and then some
people might see that as aggressive and
they get afraid and then the child cries
and then it's a big mess of crying them
darking barking dogs so I said I was a
kid dad I was like whoa you shouldn't
you shouldn't run up didn't grab a dog
from behind you know and his dad called
him over and then we were in the aisle
and then I could hear them underside
yeah all the dad was like given after
this come up to a dog from behind no it
was like three or four oh my who's like
repeat after me you what do you never do
but it's true you shouldn't walk up a
dog because you know what happened the
exact same child will do that and will
cry and be like and then the child was
all quiet those people were actually
nice they get all the people in there
were nice we've met some horrible people
I mean like oh how dare you I'm like
your your stoner came up to ya control
your child and it's like I'm not gonna
go for that so you know I was just you
know putting that there you know terms
and conditions apply if you run up and
grab out of you from behind like that
and I'll be did turn around and he
didn't like she was so well-behaved
yeah he's a boob yeah I know it's been
watching the dog whisperer and she's
them
she's practicing our direction yeah it
really works and if you put them on a
short lead and kind of give it some
slack but then a holder I own the
backhoe theater I am the eager I
kind of look like him a little bit do
you guys think I look like I care what's
them Cesar Millan
that's just like the stairs that's gonna
come back it's gone this isthis is a
biochip
we're actually
yeah let's get up in effect
yes
here you get one of these her oh yeah
he's traveling he can carry behind him
please stand our first item
please take your card
you possibly do in two seconds have you
guys seen Clash of the Titans I'm about
to check that out check that bad boy out
knowledge in 3d cuz you know I mean two
dimensions is enough and is good sure
I'm not being greedy two dimensions two
dimensions has been pretty good for many
a year you know so I sat on Anna's legs
my huge crushing arts smushed her little
tiny legs and they riffled and smashed
upon the couch and it was a boy and I
she's winking and crying inside
