I'm an unsung hero folks we doing the
vacuuming the vacuuming is a pivotable
important time in one's life I actually
quite enjoyed vacuuming myself it's um
it's quite well actually because you
take a messy room and you clean it up
unlike some people who don't do any sort
of maintenance niceness this look at
this carry on this little painting in
here
and it's going to meet her friend today
: Colleen so uh Joe Nathan's been left
home alone once more but it's okay
because I'm cutting myself a midday Oh
midday is what I call when my bro
logs on and one of them is so I barely
can look for my coffee we all know Joe
Nathan likes his morning coffee
you know one out of this she puts it
here she puts my boy my hard-earned
boiling water into here
now I got a reboiler water do you know
what effort it takes
so honest friend called her and
apparently Colleen's cat is having
babies a couple of days ago she told me
that she was bringing it to the vet and
the vet didn't have like the sonogram or
whatever it is that you kind of look
inside to see how far along the kittens
were you know but yes she rang this
morning just like I can't fake it my
cats are having babies so I'm stuck with
Nina all day long and guess what folks
is lashing rain all the live long day
sixteen guys today is video it's
probably going to be quite short and I
know I know you usually want you nine
minutes of need done but today we're not
gonna get that oh maybe you do actually
I don't know until I enter red adhirata
what I'm gonna try to do right isn't
good in front train to stretcher because
right they 25 folks we're like we're
beyond amateurs now we're like order up
100 you know I mean that's like some
serious vlogging and going on let's give
it a talk yourselves a random applause
come on
what you're going to eat we're end of
applause
fine great my video comment video or
suspect my video do something only
kidding
so like 25 and and for all those people
that have actually watched this from the
starter I'm subscribed or Facebook or
Twitter or favorite it or like the video
or commented and anything like that like
I really appreciate it guys I love you
guys you guys are awesome you guys have
high five you guys
that was like a high ten five ten you
have some change but just that's like
you many change give me a five back you
know you guys what what else turns it on
you know more you guys common one you
guys rate and more you guys participate
in this the more it kind of ages me on
to do it more and more and more and
that's why I was trying to figure out a
better way of actually doing this you
know a better way of actually catching
more you know because so much drama
sometimes happens at night and it's
always get mixed and orell so I could
record another Lea because they fit into
the next day so today's video is kind of
like just there and just a
want to put in because I don't miss a
day and then tomorrow's video will be
tonight's video and then the next day's
video will be all day yesterday you get
me so it's like every day the next day
and I will probably work out better
because for people on this side of the
planet that's like Ireland and England
and mainland Europe they will actually
get it every it'll be kind of like the
morning or the daytime and then to us
you guys get it like kind of when you
guys wake up so it should be there every
next day rather than every day because
that's my time you put it up and most
people have already missed it or it's
not safe so you guys probably watch it
the next day anyway so this is this is
gonna be better it's gonna be better
that's got even better ha ha ha and
we're gonna go better and bigger and
better and bigger because tomorrow's 26
Albie oh yeah oh yeah we're no longer at
quarters we're no longer in junior
infants we're going into senior infants
folks we're going into senior infants
