it's an early one today folks and has
gone into Brad Thomas because she got
called for a ping pang so I'm gonna
drive her in give notice when you wake
up first scene morning you always said
that sort of by habit or huh
oh ho dope yoohoo yoo-hoo
that's how I feel right now but
everything can change so fast from a set
of the mighty cup of joe can I help you
can I help you there mister yes speak
clearly
use your words use your words
don't use your cuteness don't use your
cuteness use your words oh he'll be is
that my sock Oh me I need that
oMG I'll be oh em gee I'll be well you
have to what's going on how's the
bringing moms into town gibberish you
know these they're fob things right you
ever think like sometimes like little
thick knife stick my buddy oh yeah
Anna's got Mike in that house because
she coincidentally forgot her engagement
ring oh yeah
mm-hmm this is the cracks the cracks in
marriage already oh yeah oh yeah here
she comes now
oh yeah we want to know we do people
want to know huh what's going now huh oh
hey I'm making yourself young and
available for the boys is a vocal ease
Paul please now now how does this thing
say it again you guys in town today keep
an eye on
I'll say Oh nuts mopping and - I'm
excited
green means go and gray means ball one
let me inspect them she's looking at me
boss is behind you know yeah if I know I
mean one must behave oneself have you so
you up here to everyone
you and me you and me mommy
so imagine three what do you reckon
Albie hmm think I'll pick it drive can
dogs drive I don't haven't got opposable
thumbs but driving is pretty easy
although I don't think you can reach the
pedals
yeah the pedals might be the problem
Pecola problem but little bunny crap
don't you hate it when you move past the
red light like you know you're just kind
of like edging there's no yellow boxers
I'm not breaking the law but you kind of
move forward past the light and then it
goes red and then all the other cars are
slipping in front of you but now you
can't see the traffic light
so you basically watch the cars behind
and when they look like they're trying
to you know get a noise you're not
moving
that's if you fall off the seat did you
want a seat no oh the seat fall off did
you fall out to see did you run off to
see oh keep sketch Jim we're in Dublin
there a few days ago and I was saying
the tallest building in Ireland and it's
the elysium that's a bird
what you up to just playing PlayStation
isn't just chilling out there playing
the PlayStation hmm well oh yeah I made
a video a while ago called
pursuit of happiness and I talked about
like go mighty University and changing
my life for the better and get my life
more on track and what I wanted to do
and you know and then with like I found
myself and awakening and then rushing to
succeed I begun to realize that
succession doesn't mean happiness and
happiness can lead to a very very
different place than you initially
expected it to leave for example where I
am now in life is like totally different
to where I kind of thought it was gonna
be like when I was graduating you know I
got like a 2-1 I've seen really well
animations flying along and and then I
start working on some freelance jobs in
London and you know the morning is very
good you know but it wasn't it wasn't
fulfilling you know it wasn't exactly
what I thought it was gonna be
although like I totally enjoyed my
university experience because it gave me
the interact that I have and it gave me
gave me an I suppose gave me everything
I have it gave me the tools that I
needed to equip myself for not so much
like actually learning it's more about I
don't know the experience changes you
you know that's why I definitely will
promote people to go to university it's
not it doesn't matter at the core say
you know some people will need the
straightforward sort of you know a to be
to see you know it's kind of like I
remember I got this poem published now
it's been 16 right and then it was like
we're in this ready-made world we have
not much in possessions nor wealth or
well-being at our beck and call
and it talked about how even though you
can be happy and life is like an A and a
B and then the fastest way to get from A
to B wants basically a straight line a
to B and the ready-made world in which
we live in is the world where we grow up
right we're children and we go to like
kindergarten and then we go to primary
school and then we have our primary
school experiences and we got a
secondary school and we have our
secondary school experiences and we go
to college or university or simply we'll
go to work or an internship or
apprenticeship and then you know during
that period you might meet someone and
then after that period you might get
married and then you might have children
and you've got the job and then you
retire from the job and then you know
and never bility so it's like that's the
structure of life in one point to the
next and the fastest way to get through
all of that to your end goal is a
straight line and I've definitely tried
to live my life in as much zig zaggy as
possible
you know what actually because I'm
trying to you know trying to experience
at all trying to compact as much
experience to find Doce inner peace but
to find somewhere where I fit in to this
crazy world you know and you know with
doing this you know my evolution from
there getting in to youtube and then
start making YouTube videos and although
my degree is in interactive media this
is for me interacting me so I've always
been drawn to doing this kind of stuff
but it's like where do you go next and
what's kind of fun is that you know
we're 20 so days into the daily vlogs
and you know it'll be kind of really fun
to say this would be the year this is
the year that you look back on because
you'd be able to it cuz it'll be like
360 videos to look back on and say okay
well like you know in a year so we're
gonna get married so let's let's let's
watch the adventure unfold what are you
gonna be here so I have no idea because
this sound last year I think I just
moved to London and here before that I
had just
graduate from college in Cork in Ireland
and he be two years before that I was
and a marketing executive man in Dublin
and you know I mean I Drive my car and
doing my fancy stuff and a couple years
before that I was just nobody just like
a guy working just hanging about company
and for that I was in am I was in a boy
band we wanted a world Music Award we
were touring around Westlife you know
copy is for that I was a dancer we do
that I was a swimmer and you know I mean
it just keeps evolving keeps changing
and it's like he just never
you just never know so it's kind of cool
to to look to have this anyway this it's
kind of I don't know as an excuse you
possibly have a daily bar or without
going shopping
it's like it's like our trademark meant
to be there bored of eating the same
food everything
I kind of do but then again I'm gonna
eat it kind of happy we bought it do you
guys eat the same food like everything
that you get into routine isn't any but
you're too chicken to buy a lamb hu
right here Turkey it's like the same
every single day look at this little
homie try to kill em there's a monkey in
a monkey disco
