so as you may have noticed there's a
little intro to the star to this video
we're just playing about I wanted
something like you know I didn't wanna
do something all serious knowledge just
learning something fun and it's kind of
like you know so leave me a comment any
kind to me let me know what you guys
think of our little our little team tune
so when that's my point
because you guys remember a while ago
last week and my playstation died and
then I went and I got a fixed spending
some like heat problem or something so
I'm sitting there I'm playing
singularity I'm gonna shoot in all the
zombies boom now this is like sacrifices
they give me like a month warranty so
I'll go get that fixed again but in the
meantime I'm like forget it I don't want
that PlayStation anymore because clearly
it's got issues I got a fat ps3 because
I don't know it's got a bigger fan in it
and I just kind of had him from the
start and I kind of like the fat one and
I don't know about the slim one like I
don't know it's got like a smaller fund
but the problem is that the one I have
at home right he's got like all my map
accents got everything on it so I can
just basically take out the harddrive
and swap it into new hard drive on this
one so you know that'll make that'll
make everything wonderful again you know
I was really concerned because she was
like oh no now we're gonna have to spend
more like quality time together
you guys spend time with me P I spend
time with me and Abby spent time with me
hello know Nina's too cool for donating
don't you know the rules of the road
Jonathan oh my god a van just drove past
right and it had like ASL for the
neighbors company do you guys remember
years ago in chat rooms and forums that
you go onto and I was the first thing
you always have someone ASL hey ass
he'll pass out if you know what it's
like age sex location that was like
years ago and then one day someone came
on and they said lol and whoa whoa we're
all like back back up there what the
hell is a law I never my on point
before well exactly
firstly first
offense connection but first
I like that
succeeded wearily got herself a new
jacket that's not denim okay you're very
aware that it's not denim so all in all
it was a productive afternoon so our
home I've transferred the hard drives up
day in the machine now I think the dude
the two guys that had this cuz their
user profiles are just deleting them but
it looks like they never ever went
online so that's kind of interesting
now I've transferred the hardware from
this photo to dispel and let's hope all
the fellows are felling bellowing okay
folks regarding our invasion situation
okay what in the name of holy hell is
that thing
okay okay but it's the best clothes that
I want to get to it what is that thing
there okay please leave a response if
you never hear from us again
we were eaten by it wherever it is I'm
trying to cook my chicken telling me
you've got it okay slide the carton why
don't we use a piece of paper you should
use a card we're just gonna just like
beat you light or whatever card
okay it's fine it's fine I think it's a
butterfly
hold on let's see what it is first oh my
god you should go ahead it's like a bun
or something I had to market mMmmm
it's a mom sounds like some monster
and then you might have just leave it
outside yeah I like leaves the class
yeah nope we bit of people believe mommy
looks saucy today well why can't I tell
me with that well that's uh that's an
hourglass shape of I uh saw one but let
go please
what's today's video Mike we should move
to work
sorry move to court leave a comment if
you think you should move course cuz we
do whatever you guys say totally that's
how it works if you guys do it we have
to do it guys leave me a comment if you
agree okay then you guys watch like Star
Trek you know not Star Wars Star Trek
you already used to wear those suits
those like really tight see he's not
he's not you're owning this you would
ever you've ruined my life it's hi sock
like funny ruining wouldn't isolation
okay
do do live long and prosper you can go
live long and prosper
they tell enjoy Hawaii like she looks
like
ensign Kim more and said if you go back
long and prosper well you don't go like
we're more like live not no prosper how
do you guys think is my lovely teleport
us beam me up Scotty
here's got a bit Mentos Leo today isn't
it
let it go
I call it a creme fraiche
