this time heron as a kid I didn't like I
used to do it my hair I did that my hair
a lot of the times Mel is a kid I used
to have like I remember I did like a
full peroxide white hair my friend we
went down to like Wexford I didn't just
ran to drive I was like 17 see me like
fruit flew net we drove down to expert
and I'm girlfriend Sam and yellows me
her and Joe and we went and bought like
any chemist bottles of peroxide in the
campus cars like what are you gonna do
that you know and then we just went into
the room in our hotel room you know
we're just like poured it on her hair
you know it was like whitehead like
who's crazy with nm then when I went to
school the principal is like you can't
have that kind of a haircut in the
school they're really strict on like
having any sort of normal my finger
thanks for the video requests people
know
people are asking me about the mere lit
poster it is yeah hello yeah
what is the manic poster for that's
strudel so no laser sight italiano but
that was with Anna's dad that the doctor
Laura Ciccone quark
that's a very fancy one that's another
fancy-pants one for she I didn't get a
fancy-pants poster no fancy-pants poster
for Joe Nathan no Jules no bigger in
denial give a pack of Julie's that looks
just like a biker Jews oh my god mom's a
princess and she has a pack of jeans we
could trade admitting Dirt Devil cattle
we could milk him
everyone would like to be a cat to
little cattle
so it's like Audi I'll be get your ad
over there get your head out of there I
want to see
I mean I'm easy that's what it's like
when I can't know gets here bad like
Jamie and his magic torch
you guys remember at Jamie and his magic
torch or Narnia for the younger ones are
down at Douglass courts own in do some
drawers on a Jordan definitely
I feel like every blog we've done in the
last few days has somehow captured us in
you're so much better than Dublin we're
like find stuff for a week and here
we're like buy stuff for an hour that's
it Ben you don't need to do the Mondays
you see the big shops on Monday its
announcement or if you like doesn't shop
every day nice fancy pictures walk by
some girl I think she bathed herself in
perfume you guys ever do that front so
much bathrooms ever walk by someone and
she walked fighting me almost kind of
like taste their perfume you're right
hey it's rising big its icing big it's
nice think that's the way we go slicing
bagel slicing hey cuz I see that's bingo
Tuesday go Tuesday go to Dave you
forgotten your first day either placing
the Eagle slicing own slice your hands
off with a big old slicer yeah where's
mine forgot to put my one in show the
kids at home how to do it well guys it's
pretty simple right you put the vehicle
in the slicer your sliced and the
guillotine yeah and I come to Bombay oh
wow
or you now and you get this free sheet
but here's the dilly dally about
formspring okay see learn a question
okay but here's how I feel about foreign
spring it's like I don't yeah anyone can
ask any random question but you get
asked so much crapping I stopped doing
afraid this and then I kind of did a
little bit recently and I don't know I'm
just I'm probably not gonna use it
anymore if you guys have any questions
or you have anything you
want to say like use Facebook or use
Twitter I know you don't have the
anonymity of saying anything but you
know if you want to be anonymous like
you're probably gonna say something
nasty so if you want to say something
just hit me up on Twitter hit me up on
Facebook or leave a comment below or
leave a channel comment or anything like
that you know but I don't I don't see a
useful form spring you know because 90%
of the time you're either repeating
yourself or you're getting silly
questions so that's that folks they
should invent some sorta coffee that
drips faster pretty cool
oby you're like most favorite invention
if if the world could have been
something tomorrow they can invent
anything in the world what would you
like them to invent not like a time
machine or something that's not even
practical looking realistic like I was
saying a few days ago I was like would
it be cool to have a car to drive
yourself and someone saying oh and top
gear they already have a car that drives
himself yeah which is probably lead into
the satellite and GPS and the cameras
and the sensors and that probably only
makes sense if everybody's driving one
of those cars what will be the invention
that you would think would be like
really really cool the next big step you
know something oh really help your day
go by you know maybe some comments let
me know I'm kind of taking like probably
really cool what do you think have you
best invention the newest invention
nobody said to use your creativity brain
think you think your daily life all
right think about your daily life
thinking everything you do during the
day and will be the one thing that would
make life easier for you Oh doesn't that
and I've had a closet done you could put
your dirty laundry in like one part of
it so anything that's dirty you'd put in
this section anything that's cleaning
put in this section and the stuff that's
clean your closet will automatically
hang it or fold it for you
the one that's dirty would go down and
shoot and wash itself and then come back
clean and I could style a muffin me
excuse me excuse me
style diet excuse me style diet
excuse me strike right excuse me excuse
me style diet
excuse me style diet excuse me a light
we have a video request we have a video
request
