hello do you know today nope yesterday
horses are the seven-year anniversary
that IV I've been making videos on
YouTube with my sidekick sweet memory of
your making video like well we have to
making videos for nine years for eight
years some of that but consecutively
putting up YouTube videos where I've
been doing that for seven years
mentalness so we decided today being a
second tier anniversary we would react
to some early vlogs I've gotten is he -
gone and compiled him I don't know what
video she's pushed me but we are going
to start pressing play and reacting to
some old videos I think we're going to
start with day one don't mind the dogs
and your children barking in the
background to know how a little bomb
alleles and jet lesson yes before okay
my minimum line what no fixed up four
people five people Oh eleven or less
yeah we gets better
okay felt first off day one to watch so
anything I'm just embarrassed to a lot
of like empty I'm embarrassed by a dog
when dog look it it's like you shushing
what are you wearing coat anybody know a
green Wow
did you teach my this okay so I have to
start the blog we kind of just me
yammering around the house so that this
is now seventh of July 2010 Albion
omertas oh oh
is that my that when I was really
bad I don't think so oMG I owe me oMG
I'll be my god hello a difference ten
years manual very common now my goodness
like not a sailor you know their body
knew her tell me my hair why didn't you
tell me what my hair looked like that
and stomach into the house because I
don't we forgot her engagement ring oh
yeah huh how can we were engaged I
lovely car it wasn't even our car our ex
joke to this 19th of August 2010 so
seven years ago it's a good time to go
shopping
Oh already bored somebody stuck the
board and was my Brad's are like just
imagine yeah like not remember the stuff
we used to buy in a supermarket
you guys have a photo so we don't know
kids definitely just randomly and women
resident at the same time because like
much more girls remember that for me one
that cam was broken and I couldn't
afford to buy a new one so we ended up
with just a broken camera for money what
is it mr. crap my name is but then it's
kind enough it is it's kind of luck okay
let's move on to the 22 August 2010 they
are all inspired by golly is this before
the puppies as well I'm Cena and Cena oh
my goodness oh yeah gangster y'all okay
we're gonna leave that one there
God 18 to September 2010
oh hello I love the audio very
what okay Joey Fatone ej9
Gavin hatchet that's funny because it
wasn't even close to Connie Joanie are
you guys doing in my room
yo la oh yeah ends that way this place
not always Bobby what are you doing okay
I love you okay almost I look ready with
the unit so I was putting a be chair
there was a period when I could I'll be
there okay - hey Juventus Oh nice hair
what is your is there is there a name
for this recorder this is before Game of
Thrones so maybe this one do I know the
kinesin was like wow why a oh my god we
were embarrassment keep you gonna watch
it Sunday and women generally look at
this and take you already people but I
don't feel like that's me yeah you know
oh my goodness did you return to my boy
there's a movie that's a coaster gonna
do yeah Wow our whole blogs are all
drama
yeah all the time okay sorry
that's it you see deserve it are you get
older than I purchased anger
yeah ah and it's still under water
inside our bedroom I know Wow 23andme
is it moving folks they're not cameras
on our Father I remember even taking
those pictures and then making that
Clyde shield well our chicken oh my
goodness is just one where Albie's toes
froze she remember to turn the black
device oh my good you remember that my
it was like the middle of the night
right I'm gonna just like run outside
because it's not it doesn't snow a lot
like this in Ireland so everyone's very
everyone in the whole apartment block
with that yeah purser yeah yeah yeah
that's what you want first step but I'll
be just turns into like a block of ice
we're particularly ordinary like covered
in snow job first open
oh don't worry just walk the clerk all
my own a full force a quick one actually
even is there frozen I'll be your
nearest they might have actually blood
there have you ready
he's loving it River yeah
okay miss official favorite a good one
later huh oh there is the energy you are
I'm like okay like life was a lot
simpler back then but I wouldn't change
it for the sleep-deprived life that we
live down the stress and worry and
perfect features in this world and so on
oh did I hit you and then you give it to
me
oh yeah abrupt to be hesitant what don't
you know
no way to Middleton
this is the least features property on
our videos mom crazy in a straight-on
we're excited
you always are going in there I am you
guys are going to put gardens and so
forth but the bill is all about ladies a
moment you know that was the first sign
we should have taught gasps doesn't
sound right wha there's no bed it is
okay what a different experience going
in there for a media and being concerned
about leaving the job than all of them
you know maybe your mom like to drop in
and ask them then I was like come on
black we going forward like compared to
what we just did with 11 at the moment
so different the machines are the same
you know is Mike Harris like my breasts
hurt I believe it release the hair and
the makeup and the eyebrows are good
when I put all the machines everything's
the same
yeah it's complete our life and we
should take the public ticket right we
go oh I know this one
ready I'm gonna yeah what is this my
name that's all right I can write here
and talk in there oh it was the guy that
delivered Eduardo and Maria was when I
first saw is like also a human
attraction was off was like oh my
goodness
a little boy boy thank you
if the OB says you'll be gone that's it
that's it leave it alone
small shithead with the driver secretary
various talent it's like we're the media
to actually wear each other and I think
oh my god that's so weird it's like an
idea come again I'll give clinical side
amazing yeah oh my god some more of our
stuff that you can fit in quite a cool
though with the am catch there we can
mark they're not even now there is a
proper post or so different management
so crazy we have no idea like that three
years later when we die 1415 huh
dead Spanish one oh honey kind of Hana
on the field trip traps yeah
oh you're just your guide today the
little thing all right in your ear my
name's Amelia I'm a debug I'm having a
heart of flavor
yeah big enough super half her hair
looks like a let's go now yeah but she
seemed to reverse you always do their
little shake things in side to side
ah geez remember that she still believes
to say this is that really happened like
there they were all real you crying
happy
that I have awkward ah here's the best
thing about this job getting like
bringing the kids to places that they
get the experiences themselves yes
there's not that a lot better at word
over here maybe is it only I know what
this one is whether this is troll
madness only two are living the dream of
yoga better boat it's a bit about give
one friends welcome small the third best
day of the fourth month of the best year
of your life
thank you the first year of your life in
and that is seven years she looks so
different
already she is excited Finnerty is not
mental to think like if we keep going
for another three years an entire decade
of our lives
I've been captured on tape because this
is year a day one or day two or
something that you know and then like
imagine going back again and doing a
whole thing in ten years time and
immediately will be like four five six
seven meters only seven inhale after ten
years thinking of a seven year old Shane
that's crazy you know and also did the
thing about the best year much the
reason I kind of stopped doing that is
do you remember I was doing on the first
day I didn't do that was after the
ariana grande thing at the concert and I
felt really hard to say it all that week
and then it just kind of fell out of
saying it because I just felt like I
just not I just wasn't I was just so
shocked by that concert attack that I
just couldn't go on saying it was the
best year but I mean that is seven years
will we go for another year remember
every year this is it guys you comin and
likes and maybe we will go on evenly
and I'm going on anyway just make you
feel like we won't go
we won't go on anyway friends I hope you
enjoyed that go back and watch all those
videos you haven't seen them and we'll
see you tomorrow
Oh
Oh
