good-morrow mine finder he missed it
that's my favorite coffee in the world
ever Coffee Roasters summer help blend
premium and roasted coffee gobo what's
going on let's get on a little witches
catch really and then what happened
we got today folks oh yeah
bopping bottom what do you think okay
poor little plants are thirsty gotta
feed the little plants a tirsty plants
oh hey Kahn jr. there are be
why it exploded on me I was trying to
water the plants and I got kind of
exploded on I'm something well come on
come on Abbi I ain't afraid to get past
I'll be climb quickly 100 you know as no
it's like super SuperDuper hot it's like
you were walking around it's like oh oh
oh it's like the ground is hot and say
you know it's super duper high although
it's supposed to grind let's get hot
although I remember I am my cousin lives
in Texas she was telling me that you
guys might know this situation is that
you have to actually when she goes like
to sleep at night she has to put it's
like cover on the inside of her car so
her dashboard doesn't melt I was like
well that's just insane
and you guys have that problem not if
you live in Ireland oh you know we
little guys they're all happy you're all
happy to get in water oh yeah oh yeah
hot cheese hot cheese thanks a lot human
oh yeah can you can you just tell me oh
jeez that's the stuff that's the stuff
we want that's the stuff we're looking
for
it's a little person's chair can you
guys see it a little teapot we gave that
to Anna's mom for Mother's Day it's kind
of cute isn't it it's like a little
watering can depending on why I said
teapot but it's a little watering can
and it has like I know it's dinky so oh
you found yourself but I definitely
found myself when I was in court you
know like when I was in Belleville I
love the job but then when I moved to
Cork I went to college and I met Anna
and I just what he found myself you know
I went off to the UK and when the
University and then we came back and if
you guys found yourself somewhere and
then tall like this is actually suits me
you know cuz I think a lot of time in
life we try and be someone eat that we
see other people being like we're always
constantly look
our neighbors per se you know and
looking at our colleagues and school
friends and thinking oh yeah I should be
like that or what's going on with other
people are watching people on YouTube
and thinking I should be like that
person or I should act a certain way or
I should have this kind of a car or
living this kind of a house and and then
you're kind of conforming and then
everyone sort of conforms the same and
then every now and again I think you
know you have to just reassess yourself
look at your life and think like am i
happy you know although I might
materialistically look like I'm happy
I'm a on paper seem like I'm happy but
you know what is it that actually makes
me happy because you know it's my it's
my joy ride my roller coaster roller
coaster I love we're here to get honest
and treatment for her hair it needs some
frequent people it needs to be treated
mentally
implications of an instance
the store hmm
I think she's the producer pick that one
in the hair works she noticed since
avatar everything he's obsessed with
like 3d and every film is in 3d and now
the career in 3d
well it
Coco Pops you just like Jahan right this
one here it looks like him
Macaulay Culkin
don't feel like it
we just met one of Hannah's friends
right in Ireland when you finish school
you get this thing called a CEO and you
fill it in and you say like oh I want to
go to this college or that College want
to study distance to be that and based
on like the points that you get you go
to any college you know so it's good
manners when I was friends there and
she's like in 40 year doing law and she
was saying that she absolutely hates
doing law and why is that her dad
changed her CA Oh horn behind her back
imagine like imagine you wanted to say
like the arts or something you'd enjoy
and next thing you know you got four
years of law and she's just been on
chest repeater because she just fell and
she has to do it all over again long and
then and then after four years getting
your bachelor's and then you're like
thank god that's over
now to like do what I want to do what a
waste of time what always the life oh my
god have you any you guys in that same
situation you know I guess that they
probably they want you what to do a
degree but she can do it degrees of
anything else yeah you can arts degree a
foundation degree and then after that
like the side wherever the hell you want
to do hmm human human rub my hands woman
OH
money treats for everyone
three different sized treats okay three
different sized treats are you doing
take a little Symphony Oh
it smudges like we should just take it
already there's Nikki dings unless you
chop them into tiny pieces it's weird
but he's really like that you guys hold
hands when you're walking along and I
was just saying me today that you ever
see people I like don't hold hands you
like Pauline Hanson she mm-hmm
I mean obviously when you're going for a
proper like walk like this why are you
following me I think I like the meat you
guys never got bitten by a horsefly and
I just got bitten by a horse leg if you
don't know what horseplay is it's like
this big fly eating right and it lands
on you and you you wouldn't even know
it's there until you brush it away and
then apply to you let's have a look it's
over look there poor little meanies
where's it gone the wife's plane landed
on me folks it's following us is Rami
salami I think it's following us home
there's nothing there folks
okay I officially hate this place
I'm officially doing folks of course I
don't think massive you see you shine
like eat me it's like chewing on me Abey
Abey just jump from me to you to me
