hey you guys who watching videos for a
while I made a video a while just before
I may start making a daily vlogs and I
explained that one of them are things
that I hate more than anything else in
the world is waking up and finding out
your significant other half has used up
all the milk question Anna did you bomb
the milk yesterday no you didn't know
could you pass me the milk please
haha thanks alright
hmm feels a little light but who would
possibly go ahead and put an empty
carton of milk in the fridge what isn't
that like mockingly oh why don't you
drive down to the shop to get some off
you go off you go there now honeybunch
tah-dah hey did you guys do that your
and you guys guilty of actually
finishing something okay and then go
ahead and leaving an empty box or an
empty you do that more trouble because
even without we're afraid there's like
no milk over like darkness and I find an
empty box
one time one time Ida actually win and I
actually bought me milk which is
fantastic what did I do that day why did
you do that I must have been in like a
super bad mood she took pity on me
she had a pity party yeah that one day
but and even like it's the same with
like yogurts are sweets or a packet of
biscuits or something you guys don't
want to die to relieve like a box or
something behind because you're like
totally afraid my theory would be that
if you're gonna like everyone how's the
kid and you take a few a few things you
know and you'd be like okay I'll just
take one biscuit need to sneak back and
you're like okay I'm just taking
everyone I'll just take you know next
thing you know like you're over halfway
done well my rule was always like just
go ahead and like just delete the whole
thing not delete the whole thing but I
steal the whole box you know therefore
when a whole box is gone you can deny it
ever existed and you hope your parents
will just feel kind of senile and they
don't even remember it being there
whereas if it's open and they actually
see that it's there they'll actually
remember anything
hey wait a minute why is that open just
a point of you guys are gonna steal
stuff on your parents that's the things
you gotta look out for
although the women came on and they had
all these dogs near like professional
dog dancing and on it so and they came
on they talked and I walked open I was
like oh he goes from dog dams and folks
like him Britain's Got Talent
oh no oh no they talked about how the
dogs could dance and they showed off
their awards like come on peeps
I wanted to were there for the dogs and
cats oh my God look at the bird that we
saved you know it looks just like him
let's pretend it is him we decided we're
gonna call him birdy probably guys
suggested birdy was a fitting name for
him birdy birdy num-num
but her - hey
num-num num-num means better word you
understand alright let's test this bad
boy out
got yourself a bagel I don't really know
what I'm doing here folks so I assume
take the device you lift the guillotine
up take you place the bagel into the
bagel slicer oh look it fits you take a
slice you device II and then you just
like it's probably not designed to be
done with one hand so and you guys
thinking of actually getting singularity
it is totally awesome and totally scary
there's this scene where you gotta like
sneak by these like mutant monster that
like vomit a still at you if you don't
and it's like really really cool so
thumbs up Wow totally got it way worded
what do you think on it crap you guys
ever hear of a show called The IT Crowd
it's kinda it's an English show we can
get over in Ireland I was just watching
last night and it was just seen right
where you got the guy who wears Friday
pumps into an old school friend of his
and the school friends like really
successful is like a writer or something
for a games company or something he's
really successful you know but he's
really arrogant we never asks and the
main character anything about his life
you know said main character walks away
and he's thinking mana sucks she might
never ask me any questions about my life
you know he doesn't know anything about
them in his own private life he's having
a problem with this window washer guy
who's left his bike inside his house so
he gets on the bike in his cycling and
rode in the window washer bike and his
friend walks by and kind of looks over
and he's like oh no no no crap no no I
don't work as a window washer don't work
as a window washer and then later on
he's found and he's on he gets stuck on
a rooftop somehow you know and he's
coming down on a rooftop crane we
the washing machine and his friend just
walking by and his friend looks up and
he's like hi dad who window washer I
don't clean windows I don't clean
windows you know but yet he's on like a
window cleaning device and then at the
end he brings his friend up and he's
like oh no just want to let you know
like I don't clean windows I work in IT
and his friends like all right can you
fix Max and he goes no no I only work
with windows to get it window because he
does can you windows because IT people I
suppose do clean windows they don't
clean and the Mac operating system which
is like I think it's like Snow Leopard
let alone so that's kind of fun isn't it
have you ever had that situation no
we're never like I don't know like you
met an ex-boyfriend or an ex-girlfriend
and you know it's all you always weren't
into them when like you're in like the
worst state every you look like for some
reason you're in a show and you're
playing a homeless person and you're
walking in the road and that's when all
your ecstasy you or you meet people from
school and you look a state or or just
hate it it's always the way isn't it
whenever you look really really good
that's you know what you never beat in
anybody of course of course why would
you why would you everybody has to
assume that you in the background anyway
leave some interesting comments and let
me know your were scenario like that go
to get the supplies and extra milk I'm
thinking I'm thinking extra milking
looking thinking
this is one of these cars you know it's
like a safety car because if I one put
the sim belt on and I actually start to
move the minute the car moves it's like
popcorns ready
let's hear a favorite sauce to put in a
Walkman conejito winner you guys go for
like a light or medium or a spicy one I
love the sweet chili what's you guys
look it's the pond equipment shop that's
where I went into the guy when I was
making the ponds which is rather kind of
funny because he asked me I never made a
pun before and patola
not sure I'd watch a how-to video on
YouTube it can't be bad guy he thought
it was easy
