the main downside I think to having a
cat is that they're they're kind of like
little killers you know but an acute
moment me and she's really upset she's
like oh my god one of the cats caught
something you know and I was looking at
the window at it and I went here to have
a look and I could see that it looked
like it was still alive so I cornered
Nikki and I got to drop it and I brought
the little guy inside and he seems okay
this is the little fun here he seems
okay I know I don't know now he's gonna
survive or not
gave him some water we gave him a little
cup of water as you can see here the
world's smallest cup of water and you've
also given him a little bit of bread I
don't know he's gonna survive or not but
I feel really sorry for him
so we rescued him anyway so I hope that
he I hope that he's gonna just come
around and go the better you know he's
close little eyes in the open every now
and again he doesn't look like he's that
injured cats tend to like him toy with
their prey so I hope he's gonna be okay
I hope you're gonna be okay little guy
so it's about an hour or so later and
he's definitely more alert now hey I
know what are we gonna call you hmm
really Konya little friend did a family
you guys got a name for this little this
guy hmm I think you've got something of
mine
oh my god did you see that we keep you
guys updated let me know what you think
we should call him
hopefully I'm hopefully he'll be alert
and we can let him fly away tonight or
maybe tomorrow I'm not really sure I
don't know like how badly hurt he is but
he's definitely woken up now there's a
lot more alert so I hope we've saved him
okay guys big development in the story
so far our little friend just flew up
here all by himself which means he's
okay he's okay he didn't there's no
blood on him behind so I'm right over
here happy he did fly into the door and
he kind of bumped his little head I hope
he's okay so he's got a little bit and
saying where is he - he what is it what
is it Bobby wouldn't hurt the birdie at
all can you see him up there you see our
little friend
I'm gonna try and get him and I gotta
find him inside you there you there out
all the cats up to be in a different
room so far we've got the tree caps out
of here you see the Bertil be okay no
rain I'm gonna be okay no rain folks
look at the cup okay now he may fly do
not freak out okay yeah okay
Oh Jonathan be careful I don't want you
to hurt yourself anymore okay I know
you can
Oh
okay he's gonna go for it okay okay it's
okay it's okay
hey I just fine no I want to get those
cobwebs off you okay I'm sorry he's
probably already handling disease afraid
I just want me to get out of here okay
no it's really quick this time thing
just try and guide him towards
I'll be shop
be careful Jonathan if you fall
you can
don't squeeze them okay
don't squeeze them don't suffocate him
okay no III don't want you I'm scared
you're free go go up there where's the
top trade look Oh
we saved the little guy we saved the
little guy folks have a good life stay
away from those pets so we didn't go
yesterday
so mom so we gotta go now but mmm no I'm
done um some of those that some of those
names that you guys left were so funny I
thought I have answers with so funny
answers and they're on a testing that is
so funny I mentioned oh my god cuz that
loathsome I never even thought of like
you'd read them first you'd be like
kinda takes a moment so we're back in
Dublin now and back actually didn't we
go to Subway just before we left quark
last time we're in the exact same subway
just as we've come back so this is like
watching a video in Reverse whenever I
go to one of these industrial states or
business places you always feel like I
should be wearing a suit or something I
feel like out of place because we're not
like those most people I should wear a
suit and tie should have like a suit and
tie in the back of the car whenever you
want to go to one of these industrials
they've just so you fit in
I'm father now it's the funniest
Construction sign I've ever seen is
someone else if you got their Hertz and
cheese party tiny'mon yeah we're back
home
anna has to go into a chore and why
she's gonna tour I'm gonna nip over to
exhibition and finally find no lolly get
the game
here we go folks finally I have it in a
nice plastic wrapper home-sweet-home
--is got the subway what did you get
yeah you got an I got a monkey brains
