tell you start the name love zombie how
are you on this fine morning
well that was an eventful morning time
for some breakfast oh let's see well
it's probably more like lunch time I'm
gonna go with the poppy seed bagel um I
probably I gotta go the chicken bacon
root like yesterday I think I might just
go with the chicken and the cheese I
just had like a yogurt we're gonna drive
up to Dublin today oh I feel like I'm
forever driving driving such a pain in
the arse um um when I was like 17 or 18
driving less such a luxury was such like
well who like a drive now it's like a
pain in the arse I say bring on those
you notice computerized automatic
driving systems that you just have to
sit in you don't even have to drive I
don't even think they're invented yet
what do you guys go ahead and then
something like that we like totally
awesome I'd be like so happy it's my
hair crazy I think my hair's crazy yet
born so do you guys think we're trying
to boys in between gonads Dublin today
right but then we don't have to be in
Dublin till tomorrow and then we're
gonna go to the pet show but it's just
not like Friday side it's not a Monday
but the thing is I really like when
we're down here because I really enjoy
having like a house rather than a kind
of semi apartment duplex Singapore well
yeah I know it's just like he's on you
know ever you
oh sorry house once yeah like it's nice
to have a garden and I like court I
actually like court you know yeah of
course you do
I like I like our village where we live
in stuff by yeah still I really like my
race
it's just novelty of being here you know
but then I don't like driving up and
down all the time and I feel like oh
that's just staying here until we have
to you know without thinking like okay
so Mike attend tomorrow tomorrow go down
do the business
then go to the pet show and then come
back you're in jail Mickey mmm iffy you
know right off sniffing look at that
good Memphis Memphis Memphis now enjoy
the Sun spend some quality time outside
do you guys watch wipeout
I have watched UK version but I really
like the American one it's more because
I'm the two guys John and reveries call
them damn so funny the porch em you
gotta watchin a laptop because whatever
channel that's on and you see our a b c
or c BB BB v8 we don't get that here hey
guys so you probably can't see me hidden
behind out of here but I'll be cleaning
my face thanks a lot I'll be able to
appreciate this he's doing a pretty good
job as well he's a good guy
yeah we clean him he cleans us it's a
sort of a deal we have what do you guys
like to do on a lazy day you know those
days we just you don't want to get up
when you don't want to get down and you
don't want to take a step to the left or
a step to the right you just don't feel
like doing pretty much anything we call
it a leaves a day what do you guys like
to do on your lazy day you like play a
playstation or do you watch TV or like
those daytime TV shows Ellen and Oprah
and whoever or do you like to just like
sit out in the garden well it's kind of
dull today so you can't even sit out in
the garden and you don't feel like
driving you don't feel like you just
don't feel like anything like what do
you do on those days
what's your favorite flavor of juice
just curious if you guys have a vitals
quick mixes wishing it you go into a
shop and you must push my favor what
kind of oh my god that half-price fight
them off nice folks okay well actually
didn't mean buy them all but let's go
for it let's go wild what else do you
need time to them each my name is one
cookie right so that's just like for
cookies yeah don't lie like crazy about
that books hold you prepare guys did you
go for their cookie mix chocolate cookie
mix no chocolate fudge cookies muffins
yeah totally oh hey I totally got it
totally I just gotta watch the old
person
I can still smell it won't go away
but my skin I need to shower so you've
actually come to this area to breathe I
had to hold my breath when we went to
those super Niles just to get away from
me but you guys wash your clothes in
yeah these bowls are these Percel our
non bio or lavender or use the little
pouches or these tablets or you go
hardcore and put in the actual stuff I
don't put the stuff in because I can't
figure it out you we're in the pillow
section what's your favorite pillow
what's your favorite color
without kidney one how could you sleep
on this vintage Italian of painting
paintings
wall art wall art are you actually
guilty of ever buying one of these
pictures from a store I'm putting it up
and leaving it there and be like yeah
I've got some art in my apartment it's
that weird like a single sunflower
they're like my own sunflower have you
ever eaten potpourri I did once by
mistake look at it it looks like a box
of sweets can you think it's a box of
sweets but you tasted it doesn't taste
like a box of sweets how do we always
make up story that's how we just came
here to buy supermarket something
no no somehow it ended up looking like a
cheesy effect I know was a joke
this is payback time this is what
happens if I'm dragged to make up stores
and they get dragged here like this
but we have to wait let go back the next
revision because I'm not paying for it
what is it
copy I'd love that actually looks just
like me oh my god
all right thanks guys for even nice
comments on Anna's wedding post cuz I
really appreciate that because a lot of
people are mean to Hannah on YouTube and
it's not very nice you know who you are
stop it that's my wife you're talking
about my wife to meet smudgy smudgy and
you guys watch fringe you know the main
kind of bad guy good gun are we sure he
is William Bell
he's like the main scientist guy
what matching William Bell had a son and
he called him door his name would be
doorbell nothing so funny if you are
like whatever you guys think of any
other funny surnames we were trying to
think I don't want did you use like if
your name was like call and he named
your son make that our viewer if your
first name was like it could be a real
name news and comments of some funny
ones you've ever had in your life
