can you see is how it is it's pretty I
gotta drive that's mom and the family to
the airport we're all pretty tired
well okay go carry all the bags to the
car this is Court Bear award
you know you drop someone to the airport
really early so it's like 20 to 7:00 now
and you had a cup of coffee in your
folio H that's here Mike and you get
home and you're like buzzin you're like
yeah that's right
22:7 I wonder how am I gonna do was
enough room in the car to bring the
family so Anna's at home at Albie and I
brought our family to the airport that's
the family's person I am I'm a good I'm
good that way I kept missing me it's a
little bit sunny in court today as you
can tell she can finally see absolutely
nothing it's wake up part two you know
to go back to sleep and then you wake up
a second time here I like something I
lose my hands
Jimmy can I that but it's uh it's what
we call curtain and
Skorton millions copy time heading up to
the bishops town to exhibition to try
because that single
pick up that singularity I try together
when he came out but normally if I was
back home now I'd step up I know we
better put in court can't even get
deliveries like once a week and it's a
Thursday so I'm wrangling a few of em I
am I was kinda like oh I'll just wait
when we go back to tell Berlin but I
looked at some footage in YouTube last
night and I was like what okay so that's
total crap I got a ready to go back to
Dublin apparently the computers up here
in Cork aren't linked to the ones in
Dublin which is total bull crap so now I
have to actuate it like though look I'm
at 7:00 tomorrow because the Pet Expo is
on this weekend in the RDS you guys are
gonna go we're gonna go to the pet expo
on Saturday in DRDs if you got a pet you
should totally come along to give it
like like they're doing like a fashion
shows and all types of stuff loads of
stuff for the pet to enjoy themselves um
I'll be really like socializing their
animals so he's gonna have a hell of a
time there
but I am totally peed off man I just
listen to the radio there right don't
mind I'll be okay and the guy was
talking about his first date right and
he's like oh that's fine just believe
you should bring the girl to the cinema
on the first date because that gets to
him closer together
that is totally crap like imagine
bringing your girlfriend or your
potential girlfriend to the cinema to a
horror movie what kind of film would you
bring like your attentional boyfriend or
girlfriend on her first date because
this is person there's no offense anyone
actually does this for me personally I
would never bring someone to the cinema
on her first day because you know she
would pick who want to go out to get to
know each other
sure why don't we do to get to know each
other well that's gonna sit in a dark
room for an hour and a half and not talk
to each other well that's just sounds
like the best first date ever
not you I be like why don't you just
like go sit on the water I go to the
park or go somewhere where you can like
talk to each other not somewhere we can
sit
maybe a second or third or fourth or
something after you actually like have
spoken words but a first date but you
don't even know the person to go sit in
the dark that just doesn't make any
sense to me
leave me a comment let me know what you
guys think is your like ideal first date
because what I don't like our kind of as
suppose the first date was that we just
went to like like it was a mall or as a
cafe that we sat in a cafe for about an
hour then we went for a walk we walk
around the area for about three hours
then she came back and we sat in my
kitchen for a man or four or five hours
and she went home and that was it like
we just talked that's it talking because
it's the best way to get to know someone
not sit in the cinema come on peeps I'm
gonna have a chicken and bacon and
cheese bagel act because I'm on we don't
have a toaster there's a toaster folks
I'm gonna toast my bagel I'm gonna put
chicken bacon and cheese in it and I'm
gonna have a fun time I'm putting no
vegetables I'm not even gonna put one
single vegetable in there
oh no hard it's gonna be no vegetables
and my fun time finally free roast
chicken have to bake your bagels
somebody's bacon Jesus why does it scare
you what the hell is fight that cones
that's not hounds I don't like
mayonnaise in general yeah but this is
like I've never seen this brown so it
scares me slightly
do you guys eat mayonnaise what do you
put on your bread I don't need butter or
mayonnaise or any of that kind of stuff
so I'd like line your bread I don't have
it dry or put a little bit of pesto a
little bit of bass of pesto across it
just it's just a moisturizer what do you
use is your moister maker Mayo Mayo
easy on the Mayo remember that adds from
years ago Steve gerecke child and what
are you doing what are you doing hey my
coffin woman come on woman thank you
thank you thank you
ah this is my constellation Bryce him
we got the bacon chicken fill it up with
a little bit of cheese sit on cheese oh
yeah
bacon chicken cheese bagels yum Yum's
now all we need is some coffee
Bobby has the funniest sleeping pattern
LD hit his blog does appear to have a
lot of car driving time in it oh my god
check out my hair when I'm just out of
the shower
and he got out of the shower hair and
it's like all over the place and I'm
gonna chant so he do anything with it
and I thought I really do much with it
but I'm like that straightener thing
again see how that works at
it's your large bug in the game there it
is folks Gloria Jean's they just
reactions oh it's like you got a copy
buzz you get a sugar buzz you're gonna
clean me buzz you got a coolie buzz it's
like I don't get much I get 24 ounces I
think that's fluid ounces oh it's real
good folks job completed folks you're
younger it's your parents your
grandparents ever listen to like long
wave or medium wave or a shortwave radio
I run my grandparents even my Paramaribo
we had in Don's we had a glance e25 to
Marino's medium weights and he always
had that sort of aristocratic or sort of
Old English or you know and today's
weather forecast is going to be this
right nonsense I'm sort of like in an
old eerie sort of sound I know I just
like it you know rather than like the
FM's really good but I don't know I kind
of like the sound of the old radio
stations I don't know what do you guys
think what's your favorite scent you
prefer the new crisp pinging FM you know
it's kind of that I suppose the
difference between when you put on like
a record and it has that sort of but you
know barn you press playing an mp3 or
something just like crisp clean there's
no I don't know environment sound or
there's no Jude on I mean it's just I
don't kids a sort of character or
something to you know it's like magic in
there
the mystery of radio that's this guy in
this big like radio tower station or
somewhere playing a radio song on on the
Telegraph hello it's the radio yeah
