so it's some ridiculous hour on a Sunday
morning we've been kicked out of our
abode because almost coming great oma
for you al be great Alma have to strip
the beds we have to pack everything up
and we're heading off to the other side
of the house as nice and as bright as
this room is his nickname is the spider
room and well I think the name says it
all the spider room would you sleep in
the spider room hello there before we
move to London I left most of my stuff
here in an attest and anything if she
didn't like or didn't want me to bring
that left behind and this is a guy here
what I don't know anyone who's not Irish
players know who the hell this is but
these guys really famous now and I have
to get a guy around here somewhere as
well but Anna hates them so much I know
hilarious
so what we call a lazy Sunday so we call
it what the hell is that
mama style diet got a fright who's
afraid of an itsy bitsy spider that'd be
so I like a bee cutting a web half
swallowed okay it's something on my foot
there's a spider on my foot right now my
buttons on my area but they're wise look
at him wait that's tiny that is a killer
spider I didn't see the one I hunt them
down but I have no shoes on and he might
eat my feet are you afraid of spiders
are you
are you afraid of spiders I'm not afraid
of spiders
it's my only friend and you here my
other friend who's getting a bath later
who will not be my friend during the
passing time it'll be a sad time don't
be friends
help me mommy's idea
you see if you watch Doctor Who last
night you'd know that the Sun is
actually the TARDIS and the TARDIS is
continually exploding that's what the
Sun actually is you know that the
Pandorica needs to be fired directly
into the Sun in order to bring back the
universe it's a very important fact this
is history stop laughing
I'll be no it's a bag it's just a bag
drenched I'll be sopping soften soften
them up their alley what we are oh my
God look at the Kiner you see you start
looking at it something moving in here
things alive in here and they're not
alive with the sound of music you know
you're alive with the sound of fear
hello kitty look at me it's a kitty get
the kitty what's the matter no razor
blades will you pick out a song okay
let's go Russian Roulette what's that
sound like it's Friday Cherica advantage
game but you won't pick a song pick a
song go July Hondo
that's on trucks what do you think
exactly we got two votes for our hands
oh come on Ricky so you're you're coming
on say don't call my name don't call my
name yeah yeah you're going to say moons
meeting you're going the opposite way
yeah just do the opposite to me standing
here so it don't call my name don't call
my name together you know I can see so
when that moved there when you put
yourself right use your arm is up here
Jonjo don't call me baby
you know hey guys totally in for 2010
are you maybe something different oh I
have a stinky underarm and it must be
watch could you just come back oh that's
the stuff that's the stuff
so spilling in is always gonna be
spillage folks Oh who's a good boy who
is a good boy I think you all watched
the girl we're all pretty much watched
free you may go I'll be and that's how
you wash a puppy
