today we're in court I don't know is it
falling there's a phone it's something
wrong wrong my phone I take it below
this is cork is the college calm come on
are we gonna Anna I look temporary
remove this area okay that's you can be
all nonchalant II to where I made up
Erica's gonna meet our friends in town
today thank you
here we rocks are we're sports sent in
to spy on her
make sure there's no mischief I got the
binoculars in the car and I got the
shotgun that's actually the tallest
Church in the world radio television got
your television oh you are in what would
you go in there I don't think I'd go in
there who team are you on
Jan Bert no what is it King Edward -
Edward Team Jacob
I said Edward like such a low B Bremen
nice word take up yeah Jacob wolf yeah
we're in the wolf's feet deep
two three Lisa yeah
which was which
we're going to eat it
look at Max and I'll be in them you eat
that if you feel I said I'll be bit I'll
be Couture Couture our baby oh yeah you
to choose between Coco Pops and Coco
Chanel what would you choose I choose
gogglebox I go as you choose Coco Pops
or Coco Chanel the folks just be the
sound
three years ago and someone this is
where I'm at
Long Island
in their nap dorm 3
about three two months three years and
so I meet you there I stole you there
good day
okay comments that was so funny you were
fine like when you know your brain and
under pressure your brain works better I
couldn't remember the name of the game
so I walked into the shop and I couldn't
remember it so I walk up that is it you
got it
walked up to the tail and I said welcome
to like do you have singularity for ps3
it's amazing that your brain can work
under pressure couldn't bring it down
and show you where we met but I'd shown
you where we made the infamous music
video that's cubans michael by the way
behind me but this one here oh well you
can't really see it now out of the pub
area uh-huh oh it's up here this is
where all of the car
came on this is here this is the night
book that's where we shot the music
video it started the whole
I forgotten where it was everything yeah
I didn't know oh well no no big deal it
was just was just another ordinary day
looking special happen on that day so
the winner of the demonstration
competition video is going to be off
today I'll forget to check that out see
if your name is in the number this is
the winning one here really keep anyone
just our shop front there where do you
think they got their design for it land
at the store or the front of it don't
know if you can see it from here
director's cut
excuse me three sweat you see
but YouTube
cheeky girls laugh must mean very well
to music because they're selling the
actual eyelashes times are selfish
I saw her giving you a hug she like she
really just like to beat what she
doesn't know I just got poked by
analysation and I'll see you in a
station Doberman cross oh we shall be
had big long hands I can hug me like
that more so Kiko I made a friend
mistake Sandridge
if you like wrist a sandwich
anyways that was done
Brenna Lane what do you think it was
there's no zoom on Rosie
member without a certain illusion men
aren't supposed to have some see I'm
meeting you
am I going to great way to shop some
shoes
oh my god I'm going home good job
bringing two cars and now I can just fit
in home I can start excavating and no
longer al because I'm not neglected
it's all nonchalant girls are going
shopping girls going shopping I'm
planning to get say this no no I think
you're walking into it you had a frame
see I bye
justyou're me UPS alley weird a cool
team won a cool team huh did you miss me
how much did you miss me
why'd you tell as much as you missed me
ready that's a lot of listen for that
we're home in our little mmm our room
our home away from home our home being
home Diggity Dog so here's the thing um
if you guys aren't following me on
Facebook click the link below follow me
on Facebook add me as a friend on
Facebook um I said I was saying on
Twitter smarmy guys Oh would you two
talk about Facebook if they're gonna
talk about Twitter fine follow me on
Twitter and me a friend on Facebook and
Pat me on the back when you see me on
the street don't pat mana back when you
see Miss J cuz I'd be kind of freaky my
famous Kaimuki in street just like had
you under that's my shoulder that's not
my back anyway diverting from the point
I'm thinking of like naming it something
because it's like I can't call this like
hey welcome to the food TV or something
I like although the channel is called a
food TV
I wanted to like call like this little
sort of like daily show ething something
I was thinking when I came over because
um I always refer to this camera as my
vlog 'ti it's like hey if you got the
blog it it's like oh where to put my
vloggity because I don't know it's just
like the name that I've come up with for
this it's like its name it's like yeah
I'm looking at some song HD 10-megapixel
turn ugp whatever whatever but I called
my blog a so I thinking why don't I call
this like the vlog ADIZ you know truTV
the vlog at ease donaga tease if you
guys have a really cool name that kind
of encompasses Anna Albie and myself and
what we do and don't leave something
rude or mean or do you know what I
always say if you got something rude and
mean to say leave it to comment below
because freedom of speech people just
annoyed interact anyway what am I saying
I don't even know what I'm saying
anymore leave me a comment let me know
what you guys think I should
call it as a sort of like we make a
little intro thing like about like I
don't know like five seconds max of like
I know like a little chin like okay see
what I just did there nothing like that
something like kind of fun you know it's
like you know I don't know I don't know
I don't know I just think it like could
be fun you know anyway let me know
