tomorrow stay I'm going on a feature in
the Starlight and a zoom an updated
video and scarfs and how could you not
include me in the video come on people
we're gonna do the mail scarfing you
guys what starts I love scarves when I
was in college we used to like every
time I'd wear something I have to put a
scarf on it it'd be like putting on
t-shirt put on a scarf this is my lucky
number one I'm just going to the area
I'm a supermodel I made a pass the first
one rather than a second one now folks
why do you think was I amazing okay this
is a more formal one this is like number
two just to note you see what I'm
wearing folks you know out of this today
I am so hot I am sweating but I am a
goddamn professional right like Biggles
you know Biggles from the show I've been
dressed finished and there we are the
final look
the I think sadness or a be nicer what's
that okay that's it walkies we go
walkies probably going walkies
Howdy's don't for Iraqis that boat
sorry that was me I couldn't hold it I
had to I'm talking to the boyfriends
never borrow your girlfriend sucks she
has a big problem in it because you've
got these big Mongo feet and they
stretch out herself Hannah always goes
Eppie flacco if I borrow herself and I
say that like are we supposed to be some
sort of a bonded unit where we can share
sucks and share love each other like
this together but oh no she toes the
line at sharing sucks everything else in
life when it comes to socks let's just
going too far
do you have a statement glad it's can I
borrow your socks please no please put
the I'm wearing the shorts I'm serious I
don't have anything else anyways I was
brief I could find them
sorry guys this is the truth now you see
her true colors now it's all being best
no
sucks for Julie thing
hey you know what sucks but I don't why
not Mary talks in soft shoes but you
know hard shoes this is what I've got to
choose from these big purple purple ones
this winter ones you see what I've got
to choose from these two these two and
the summer is funny they on a summer
sunny day find a box I dated stray I
don't know look we have to choose from
and you don't care you're happily just
to continue on in your life knowing of
my strife I'm a rhyme missed you know
the rhyme BC mo do you guys have dogs if
you don't you should get a dog because
it's so relaxing to like bring your dog
for a walk like the most relaxing
just think about things you where's like
relax walk around fucking a TARDIS
it's pretty terrible terrible
therapeutic therapeutic beauty beautiful
that's a big kind of Red Bull ain't it
funny how dogs have to like snick snick
sniff everything and pee on everything
but like imagine humans when I don't do
that like every time you see a wall just
give it a quick sniff and then like pee
on it I'm pretty funny oh my god it's so
funny like let me just chase to leave
under the middle-of-the-road
probably wasn't the best thing to do
today oh my god I miss that I had the
camera off right I had it my pocket I
was gonna turn around but I didn't know
walking in the corner right and there's
two guards coming towards the g-girl
female guards and she stopped she's like
necessary could ask you questions I was
like you know just like um is that a
multi I'll be of course it's like basket
where everyone it was really funny but I
can't believe I missed it
pretty much at the ocean's edge you ever
like go for a big long walk right and
Saturday yeah I just women like an
adventure of a lifetime and then you get
about like halfway you're kind of
halfway to where turn back time is your
blood you destroy it and you're thinking
yourself this is probably a big bad idea
because I'm like this way but now I have
to go and do that all over again to get
at home having attacks okay so you might
have seen in the video our team ago
right I was talking about a Russian log
or a Russian slice assisting a cell in
done stores and these two telling pass
codes right so we looked up online last
night and we got the recipe to make it
looks like a bowl of poop but now we're
going to take it out so assistant
scuffle I actually need a scalpel but I
was Wonder say that do something that
would like to use it out this is what
your hands me seriously gentle gentle
gentle withered gentle don't just don't
just pop it in don't just pop it in whoa
Bobby here pudding need to make a
pudding
all right most important part chop it in
half
this is compressed this is like three
cakes mushed into one cake okay well we
could use a knife you keep it tender
we're professionals here and use a knife
or we could go to cut it with a spoon
it's way better than our chance of
spoons it doesn't cut herself something
is really exciting something it's not
you know I suppose that's the whole
point isn't it showing you that life is
a variety show why did you want to
invest a certain amount of time into
just this not just this like if you got
like you decide to put your life on hold
in a way right you said okay like what
the hell is a year you know what is time
your life he said what if I were to just
like do this you know I'm just see where
see where it leads you you know take
take chances take risks go in certain
directions that you wouldn't normally go
just to see where we go because it could
be interesting you know to see I don't
know it's totally cool to look back on I
don't know I don't know how would you do
what do you say what if he cools B
to see your like your best dates you're
like I don't know it's just I just find
out when you're looking back on it it's
really interesting and it's really
interesting to watch like something
unfolds I mean develop like this is like
the perfect character relation like when
I was doing my thesis and I was trying
to understand why like what would we
like to make the best interactive
experience and always what you'll find
is they're trying to understand and get
into the you know I mean the archetypes
of the main characters and how you could
really you know connect with them and
it's always a tall were always relaxed
is that you don't know anything about
them and this is like this is like the
duration of the show which is like you
guys getting to know us and we're all
getting to know each other and you know
maybe I'm day 20 something's gonna
happen maybe day 15 maybe tomorrow who
knows because there's nothing really
planned but it's really exciting to to
be able to look back in it to kind of
document they say like on this day this
is happening
