it's the nighttime of yesterday but I'm
gonna try some I was watching um Big
Brother right and I saw that guy Ben
right
he's super hot blond any kind of guy and
I saw him using the hair straightener
and I was thinking man you see the
weights my hair is normally like up off
floofy right but normally what I do is I
have to shower
a puppet oh by that and I'll go asleep
and I'll sleep on it when I wake up it's
kind of like in a mess and it looks cool
so Anna said you know I mean try using a
hair dryer so just a hair dryer I dried
my hair with a hair dryer as you can see
I've kind of like I've got like bangs
excuse me oh my god this is crazy oh so
I'm actually straight man this could
work really cool I'll just give you like
a total mess so - I hate that I came up
with it
oh no we're done okay I don't know what
she's talking about this is like totally
okay so I'm like Alice Alice Alice
forcing me to straighten my hair how
does it work I'm kind of afraid but
straighten this cuz I like toasters or
something and like it's a pink one folks
there's no onesie this in a onesie yeah
do it so it's kind of cool you know he's
there's his hair straight
mine's curly I know but just make it all
up in there make it look like day tune
hair that's what you're going for
that's the lucky going for it's closer
it's closer to me it's gonna be straight
that's the only thing just don't burn my
hair are you guys thing up in there see
what happens tease it don't easy is that
is that all it does because it's kind of
crap I mean it's just straighten listen
I make it stick up and ya know what come
on man like a head Barbara
okay do your beard oh my god I look like
something out of blink 182 or zone
although okay what Oh am i bad all the
small things then we have to drive or
mine soon quitting the old guy of a
crazy hair
- hi - hi David
why I'm like six foot now or something
oh yeah well that's not going to crazy
see are you from this side cuz it's a
bit alright but this side I'm lying
that's just because there you go yeah
and you guys like hair expose our hair
desperately I have my concerns folks I
have my concerns but you know leave it
in you will ask me to straighten it and
put this make it go stick up no it's
awesome and all but I'm just concerned I
don't know why do you record easy though
to use that stuff because living it
whatever you do to it it'll stay yeah I
don't know I like it I like it I like it
let me know
yeah give me some comments I got a hot
date so it's the next morning you know
wait turn down it's not like
dramatically crazy but thank you bad got
some letters but I'm gonna go and bring
my playstation down to this tech repair
place
so the guys have down behind my dolls
so just behind my dog it doesn't seem
like this is gonna place
Bowser jumping
no more than that come on yep so I'm
walking Hannah's crazy
leaning my $400 your own plate station
I'm sure what could possibly go wrong
should we go down there I don't know
about this you guys never hear from us
again
miss made fun of course no one's there
and I didn't bring my iPhone because I
don't like hanging my actual phone
around and this little camera because
they're the same size and I don't want
too much both of my pocket there's a
ways down and it makes walking so much
harder so we're gonna go to Molly's
we were extra special pets to offer
another inmate
with all the little clothes and stuff
there's one I think this one here it's
in city all right it's gone now take a
little toy commander with your little
bit longer okay
I got sixteen foot there it's next to
photons open they're the same for the
string like that yeah okay cool so cute
Alfre takes a bath to put a dressing
down on him he's got slippers and maybe
like a hot cup of cocoa no make it cheap
so cute
so exam is that B gonna do a half yeah
that would be hall i'vegot you got that
one in London hexlen
oh really Joe show-and-tell
oh he's a pirate folks he's a cool pilot
it's a ribbon one check it out oh no
it's just a ticket
look at that it's a ribbon one never
break ever and look at this little thing
we got them I love you boys out here
it's out here it's officially the
cuteness so here I am again to try and
get the PlayStation fixed let's hope
this time the guys here
damnit backyard again and he's not here
dear world please fix my playstation I
don't think I'm asking too much no way
I'm asking too much
who knows if I'm asking too much I could
be asking too much but I don't think I
am does that no one else think I'm
asking too much
what about you what happened oh he
wasn't there
you know his bicycle was there this
maybe it's not Monday or Friday maybe
it's only my name Friday
today's Tuesday that's what it is
some people have no shame at all
we were like parking the car right and I
was getting out of the car and she was
like listen how he you know these two
guys walked by and he actually almost
stopped to looked at her top why she's
going over well do you have no shame at
all whatsoever do you guys ever happen
to you guys never happen to me actually
but I don't really have much of a chess
to look at oh my god I've never denied
to a girl like in my entire life I
contact eye contact cause it's like so
obvious and it's so ridiculous and you
really need to do that this is it folks
this is the third time I'm coming here
with my little baby I swear to God if
this guy isn't here I'm just gonna throw
the PlayStation through the window that
would make a pretty good video stay
tuned my station is gone well it's not
gone and actually dropped it into the
deed to get a fake so you know hopefully
and hopefully it works okay that's okay
we're gonna in a corner be people there
