you don't have to do in a Monday morning
I love to iron my clothes I don't really
but things have to be done with my
beautiful lady to be over there looking
at me you can't rucious here's my end so
I'm going to wear today my combat Ian's
come back the end we're not an army
board because we've pretty much hardly
ever iron things most of stuff I wear
doesn't need to be harmed
just kind of put it on and you let your
body walking due to business but this
particular case not so I just take a
table chart out a towel bat up ooom so
companies might have noticed this is day
8 and I'm still here because the amount
of like people that have sent me really
nice comments and like lots of stuff on
forms being a nice blog and stuff and
everyone seems to really positive about
me continuing on with this so you know
let's extend our week to a month right
let's you keep on going I don't want to
say like oh I'm gonna do is for year or
something I not because I don't know
it's like it's so far away I wanna I
want to keep achieving my little stripes
you know so let's just go ahead and
let's say like for next month this month
the month of June 2010 I will continue
to do vlogs every single day but
provided you guys comment ray and thumb
it up and leave me a nice comment and
say how awesome ma'am but even come and
see how much you hate me I don't really
mind intellect
zip-a-dee-doo-dah my oh my what a
wonderfully here genius you guys have
been saying to me can I do him for like
15 minutes 20 minutes
eighty beyond ten minutes I hate that
truck you know so situation is that
because I'm not as cool as the style
diet I'm not a partner yet which means I
can only do a maximum of ten minutes so
if you guys like subscribe rate and
comment and coming up and get loads and
loads of like interactions and stuff
then I can become a partner and then
that means that I can do up to like 30
minute videos Wow 30 minute videos
yeah pretty minute videos most of the
days I have to actually edit down like
there's so much stuff happens and you
end up editing it down because like 10
minutes out of like was it 1440 minutes
of a day it's like it's so small you
know but you're trying like not boring
because life is pretty boring you know
so you're trying to take out all the
work stuff you try and take out all that
the boring stuff from the transitioning
parts and you're trying to just fill it
just like 10 minutes of like
entertaining parts read today or things
don't want to stay or you know whatever
is going on so you know no it's time for
the weekly shot yeah
to producer
you get - yeah
thank you so much for helping you out
come come on hurry up
this body gets to go as well turn stop
it now I've never sucked just traffic
like this since I've lived here do you
think I ask too many questions
Anna says I always ask too many
questions some arse like do you guys
like that or do you guys like this or
what do you think that guys should I
stop asking questions you have signed
our it's a question asking a question
should I stop asking questions but
however I'm just questioning my friends
my buddies my pals
it's jealous mama it's just annoying
most of the morning this you're like I
like cheese
you guys nineties other cars do you do
blue Aston is do you guys ask people
that I love
when you get the new coffee right and
you got a port this is what I've done
for again it's the 50% free
I found argue with it I don't know if
you get to pour it in for the first time
hello make sure to take the spoon out
because anna has some time forgot to
take the spoon that and then there's
Bing get sprayed if there are jobs in
life that keep everything strife and
then her mom got me this or I think it's
my third yet so when you got me that
coffee thing seal for freshness make my
friggin lunch woman
you're kind of boring the same as
yesterday look they're like friends like
oh my name's capture oh thank you let's
make out
and we can make like some sort of a
prawn sauce file they're biodegradable
and my tum tums how do you cut the
bagels I'm going to show you hold onto
this camera here hold this there okay
first thing folks do not use a knife
like this okay so okay bagel on the
ground take the knife in the hand pull
this like so cut across then you can
hold it like that to finish it off and
that way that's not how to do it folks
come on I'm hungry okay we're just kind
of like this see
Needham bagel cutter right in do see
here that's all I got that's mine you
can't have that
that's my sandwich join the pepper
do you like the peppers okay but this
one you know that's not for you okay
it's for me
no that's not for you no no do you eat
the cheek to cheek the cheek of you the
cheek of you hmm
and everything is for you are me you
looking at these all-purpose do you like
that you read the peppers
I know that's why I did it shop all the
weight again is the same thing I have
lighter hair it's also I think that if
you shave very very often
