chicken is cooking nicely to it I'm
thinking based on yesterday's discussion
some green peppers okay this is almost
impossible to cook while holding a
camera thinking like these bad boys here
all year american-style poppy seeds
that's the four sizzle my assistant is
here to help my fame my beautiful
assistants a beautiful assistant what do
you think of my lovely food sorry we did
you're my beautiful assistant yeah okay
I okay so at this point we like to put
the puppy in on top to marinate the food
no puppy flavored in breakfast
cuz I'm a fried and man nice never wants
to be of a scene in the OC they had a
bagel slicer
what's a bagel slicer it's like it's
like this thing this is like the size of
the Vega of maybe a bit bigger and then
you like slide it in at the top and then
you bring down the like blade cuz it's
like a guillotine no no I mean I've
never heard of that yeah it's like
ridiculous as you can see Anna's
technique for cutting here this is where
the worst way to cut it into your hand
let's see no you cut your fingers off
that way
oh yeah like that yeah that's it that's
it there you go come on safety is a
priority here
the way okay it's not the way it's not
the way there's no no way you might have
to show her the way
and just for the record this one's mine
okay um you'll find that Hanna's always
taking in one of the more profits no I
don't actually care at them was he
hitting my teeth and then I look at me
like you suck yeah I'm only joking just
cuz I not on the style diet you weren't
on the first videos but then I realized
how open you were so okay I'll be I'll
be streaming doctor phone instant pizza
MTV yeah yeah say hello hey is your zero
to your nephew say hello to your nephew
you said avi hmm no no no an hour to not
by June pissed pissed fished
giving our food away again do you like
my lonesome
the channel is about fashion folks is
about real realism okay so these doing
here this goes here this goes here can i
already put mayo on hers that's kind of
silly boom boom yeah a 50-50 nose for
the little man no it's not you waiting
like a good boy Matt so that allow the
underneath taking my bullet he bottom
fly water two tops
would you buy a canoe or would you rent
a canoe and how much does the canoe cost
you see this is the thing why would you
rent it if you're gonna do it all the
time
is it really worth your while it's
renting it or would you just go ahead
and buy it because they're not that
expensive
i surf rescue champion 1998 oh yeah 18
this is where I used to used to Train
and race yeah and it's so good for you
for AB for like working out and stuff
you know it's awesome I do get the the
open bass not too keen to kayak you type
once oh and the 40-foot today fallen
little kid really killer
every time I Drive down here I'll take
myself I should turn the camera and show
you guys this but I never think it's
ever been
ladies this is I don't know this comes
out
I got this every time I've been to hook
let's see it this is so cool I'm so
crying it really
you mean some sums up what island is why
people like island
was like I thought he would start
working it shows not to bark yeah
probably if he can order and all in your
heads there through the you can one he
can order what oh yeah look at this now
I've just come in this is Leah my little
sister and that's what I found here look
at this
oh yeah typical typical typical just a
fan and it's magazine isn't it at that
one point if you're doing a short
version sidebars no I need em anaconda
dies I can one of the first ones to
bring it in that whole thing like
underneath your legs have them if
they're small yeah but I think that's
really good yes I've got I've actually
seen it like people with your keys
underneath their feet and it's just like
you know like thinking the barb jump
killer
suits me taking off my skis what are you
doing having fun there
yes this is my mulch no I don't want to
scared no really good it's just like
sneaker Krabby Patties no you got the
burger it's like no way it small that's
what it is by four quarters horton hears
a who handful of fries half a handful of
rice my life ever but look at these we
love the chicken
