so what up day six and I was kind of
thinking that it's got she's going quite
well I'm quite enjoying the experience I
was thinking maybe I should just maybe
I'm gonna change my channel type from
comedy to unfortunately you can't just
change it to vlog and you gotta change
it to entertainment and then from
entertainment you get a sub categorize
at the vlogging which is kind of
annoying but we're gonna come in a
walkies okay
that's it we're gonna do it so it's
gonna happen it that's just gonna happen
it's gonna look at all mm yum yum yum
which I should I do it together like
this is on special offer there inspire
for like 17 on send cherry a more Muller
someone asked me on formspring which I
thought was kind of interesting they
said you know when I was talking about
cameras and stuff that they didn't quite
understand or get the F and the speed
and all that stuff so you know should
you get a flip cam like the flip cams
are perfect you know I I didn't get a
flip I got the Samsung u D or u 10 just
because you know the flips are great
technology but every time something
great comes out it's only a matter of
time before a competitor will come out
with something even better and
competition tality so I think that you
know he's a better but if you want to
actually film things right if you want
to like make a little short stories or
whatever you know these these cameras
are fine but I only got this for
blocking you know I don't actually use
this any my work that you'd see it's not
done by this camera this here is the
camera that I use for any of my
professional videography work you know
it comes got a full harness rake here
too with it it's a full mounted unit
it's the Canon 5d Mark - this is what
you're gonna get really high-end film
work with you know what you're not going
to get anything quality weight a flip
cam but if you just want to do simple
blocking and stuff then yeah go ahead
and get one of these they're awesome and
they're really easy to
to get around because they fit in your
phone about the same size as at as a
phone which is awesome and they're
really discreet you need any help but
applying that makeup just let me know
I tend guys to go with this one here
yeah the brown the brown one the brown
beauty I like to just run it across my
eyes put it in my crease what it's the
same thing though I shadow in the crease
or you don't
I don't know this brown stuff yeah I
wake up in the morning and I look like P
Diddy let's make the sandwiches and it's
making the sandwiches I shall have my
blue pop from Moo whoa hands off my
yogurt
plushie and the unknown Oh puppy
who's your pen I'll be I said that's
that yep gifted I'd give to dad I love
it
you know a guerilla fights back yay I
should have this I shall have this and I
should have you and it's the worst
person with all the killing geez you
guys get a pic geez
sometimes I come back and I find the
cheese like and I have one cage or
something enough but one time I open a
fridge and I found that someone can
actually just taking a bite out of the
cheese do these little teeth marks see
you know it wasn't me I'm not gonna get
a haircut on Saturday because if you get
a haircut in a Saturday there's like a
million people trying to get a haircut
and a queue is like ridiculous there's
no way I'm getting a haircut on Saturday
what you do up here I'll be more OB
letmein more oh hey guys it's sister
takeout yeah Oliver I'm local ah Cochino
tanner and Xena omocha like 13 O'Connell
have you ever animal to Latino camel I
love green peppers right but here's the
clincher I don't really like red peppers
yellow peppers are okay tolerate them
but it's not really weird because it's
the exact same bloody thing but for some
reason the red ones I don't know the
green rooms are my favorite I always say
that and it's like totally ridiculous
because I even know if there's a flavor
difference between them but there's
definitely something about the green
ones versus the red ones
is it not a zombie sandwich
so annoying being camping about between
July is like so emphatically sit up here
in the grass
we're like so so unfair
rights in fact four little dogs like
he's like who to jack it makes a new
cheese and a nice burger but my heart's
burger we got here so I had to eat my I
suppose the first amount full so don't
my family I even made it really nice for
you I will probably eat it look what I
did though it's a round paper bag I made
it off it in the ground
we'll keep recording just in case to eat
them
so you trying to find a spot to get in
maybe the art comp which ended yesterday
is going to be uploaded today on Ana
site for you guys to be able to vote for
your favorite one so here they are
this is the 36 images that we're gonna
upload today I'm Jill if it's Kendall I
love this cattle not all place we have
one rose modren you know I was modern
plasticy cattles this it's like a big
old-fashioned book and god there's no
water that I don't know I just like it
if you guys see your entry in Anna's
blog later right and you think that you
know you actually enter tree individual
images like this you know what I'm gonna
do is I'm probably gonna combine all the
images together and as you see what we
have here then is one single image with
all the guys in there together did you
see that you wait there's a few of them
that I've had to edit or take out your
name or because I don't want anyone's
name or any identifier I'm trying to be
a professional here working away and
look what I have to deal with but could
this carry on here oh goodness
excuse me Albie Albie could you explain
to people here what you're doing and
some of the drawing was a really good
and I want to give you guys the best
chance possible at winning this so um as
you can see here with this one what I've
done is I've actually when it came in it
was really faded back so I've done is
I've brought out the levels to try and
try and just bring up the image give you
guys best because I'm gonna work it's
really good but I don't want it I don't
want it kind of like people not voting
on it because they might be able to see
it or I want to give you guys the best
chance possible for everybody
