hmm I think it's time for shaven
authority over that fire get in the
shower
every blog is gonna feature at some
point me making a cup of coffee it's
like probably one item say it's what I
do all day long but it's definitely yeah
a variety what do you guys think about
getting am getting another dog for Albie
you know I like the idea you know I'm
having a friend for a because you know
every time he's out with him or their
friends or their dogs and stuff you know
he's really he's really happy he's
always really sad to go and you a friend
of ours who kind of his mind that I'll
be a couple of times and he stayed with
other people you have dogs you know and
he does seem to definitely like the
companionship of other dogs but I'd be
terrified to think that he'd get another
dog in an album you'd be like really sad
or he'd feel that like oh he's not he's
not like our number one anymore or
something then you guys got dogs leave
me a comment let me know you know what
happened like cuz I was a year old now
you know so like I was thinking like you
know but this is just like sending this
property I was like what I'm like
he could be like you could get a little
a dog you know younger talking and I
would be like his big brother and like
he looked after him but it's that silly
like two dogs actually do that or will
he just get really really jealous when
he's sad or what'd he think like he's
doing something wrong or I definitely do
want him to feel that way you know he's
definitely my little number one boy
yummy yummy nominee nominee
I love with your cheese you guys need
cheese right this is that kill meaning
this is one I get which is how I used to
close one look fully mature boy limit
your white cheddar I like white cheddar
but has a moocher I know I'm already
into the miles cheese so much but the
fully mature you only eat it you're like
this is so mature
it's like whereas like immature cheese
which is really like easy singles or
something I don't have to explain it but
I really like a really distinctive taste
one of my other favorite cheese is Port
Salut and you guys eat parts of it I
used to buy the little slab
unfortunately right peel the orange bit
off in flack eat the whole thing
so YUM best thing about YouTube is you
know you're just having like a quick
lunch or a quick bit of lunch you just
want to watch it where you quickly you
don't invest in like a 30 minute 20
minute show I'm watching Charlotte
crawling in my webs video now what's
also about this video is because
normally the videos are bad like makeup
and stuff you know but this one is about
cars I do approve of this car
Lonnie's dad is pretty cool give a
morning routine that you do online I
noticed that every morning when you get
up right the first thing you reach for I
use you for iPhone they check emails or
whatever right and then when you
actually turn the computer on
you're kind of noisy between different
websites and you always find yourself
doing the exact same thing and it's like
just like a way that you do it you know
like a first thing you might go what do
I do
okay you always check you've checked
your emails right and there's nothing
that you need to follow up on it's there
you might go to a Facebook and you go
home and you kind of like
voyeuristically you on what everyone
else is doing and then you might go to
like you'd open up Twix deck and you see
the got replies and you kind of read
what everyone else is doing and then you
might go to youtube and see your
comments but you've already got that
email to you or you know what do you
guys have a routine like that I think I
remember years ago back when I was like
a control
society person I used to get up and I
don't have my breakfast that I always
watch Sky News and then I go to work
more and I like when I got to work the
first thing I do is like I turn on the
computer I'd open up Outlook and I go
make a coffee and when I came back you'd
always go to all your emails and that
was like the first thing you do and I
was like the exciting that was back in
the day when people didn't have email
accounts at home and Internet was only
something magical that the companies had
you know I need kind of like you go into
work and you might send an email to
someone and then you'd actually have to
wait till the next time you're in work
together which is kind of anticlimactic
because the only way you can ever read
your emails was in work which is
horrible so it was kind of like a very
conflicting experience although emailing
was good Humana was also bad this is
real life folks no grammar you guys to
get married of think about
responsibility think about the wee-wees
or Louise you guilty party
Albie so I've had nothing chemists to
get Anna some hay fever medicine like
what suck having hay fever
you guys have hay fever Laura
yeah I was fine yeah did you miss me did
you miss me did you miss me Oh
cousin salt water on himself unless I
can do this
I'll do love the hair girl
and I love you those weren't right we
make it so cold
five my name's Jonathan and I like
it makes my hair go
it looks okay go ahead and answer this
little Beatrice it'll be just felt like
the 40-foot and it's like a 40-foot drop
and loads of people at the wintertime
jump into it
and it's really cold they're really
really dumb ha ha ha crazy seagulls
enjoying your day look at that guy look
at how brave one
he's eating a sandwich or something oh
yeah it's so cool
it's like a seal in the harbor
I was playing with the fish you're gonna
seal the deal first Siebert
there's another one he's looking right
at us okay
just accept lose another like an offer I
make
heyo
okay so slow fire these blogs I'm pretty
good but actually apparently gotta seal
