so I'm gonna head back down to our kids
in Don Larry to drop back that piece of
junk they gave me yesterday man I I know
I was like I'm gonna flip because I'm
going to test that this new one but like
I brought it down um I did some shots
for last night in some low lighting
conditions and I had a look at it this
morning you know which is annoying
because I shot a bit of stuff just
smoking a bat and then I lucked it on a
PC and I'm happy to actually transfer it
to look at it cuz like you've got the
1080p which crops it like this right and
you've got the 720 which is right here
and then we got the VGA to bed here then
you got the Q PGA and just to give you
guys an understanding QVGA is 320 then
you've got VGA which is 640 they got 720
which is overseas 1280 then they got
1080 which is 19 - do you ever notice
when you're looking for a view on
YouTube right which I find hilarious
because I'm looking at the U 10 and the
kodak zi8 right and it's like all right
what's the u 10 like can you press like
review video the guy reviewing a video
is shooting unlike dislike really big
massive like HD camera 1 like my big
professional camera and he's talking
about any showing you and you're
thinking wow look at the quality of that
video it's so awesome and then that's
nothing like what you're getting so why
you all I want to do is I want to see
someone blogging with the camera I want
to hear the talking I want to hear the
background that's all I want to see but
oh no oh no no are you gonna be on your
best behavior young man come here what
are you doing come here listen to me
that's a bad start
it's a bad start Alvie we were about to
leave to go stun drum shopping center
and of course I'll be cuz its usual
really scary sad you know so we're gonna
try and we're gonna put him in the
handbag as we only do and we're gonna
bring him in - don't drop that Center
we're only going to swap at this so it
shouldn't be a big deal
so before we bring a hearing I'll be
dancing
we decided probably gonna go to the park
first train tire and out is that way
he'll be more like you know just asleep
and all you know things we do for your
little man
Where's Waldo who can spot Albee where's
that Albee hey YP I'm not a white I'm
the fiance you're skinny like me well
you can say hey fiance e be on TV what
do you then I mean oh is that how much
often they have some kind of like
missing part from a jungle-gym like how
much fun could that be like what do you
do like push-ups
oh yeah it's like every so often this
kind of thought like this tractors and
everything
Albie he's a farmville if you got you
here I keep the tractors
another one
another one
oh poor little Nina at a fever
I don't suffer from hay fever I'm all
like I'm a bad husband we're a happy
family on our first day in the park
first day first day as mr. and mrs. to
be oh my god what did I do those kids
over there
screaming nothing like they're crying
age-old question again
I get another
we did it folks but I'll be in and out
of the store
is that our o mean my not suppose
popping in shop we got just some hobby
here we have beauty ten just like an
unboxing video that all the cables USB
cooler sometimes an actual wall charger
you don't want a wall charge it really
did have a HDMI and FIM where's no wall
charger there it is
ooh wow I guess so kind of bendy one I
got the red in because I'll take in red
school
so what have we got it's a 10 megapixel
look one touch of youtube sharing full
HD 10 megapixels 10.1 make this that's
pretty good full of these little cams
did or did look cool as well but again
big problem theater and was the audio is
just a joke I'm not even going to put up
a sample just to show you guys I'm too
embarrassed by how old so my iPhone
probably takes better than that device
it there this thing is awesome this is
like a 28-minute wide-angle lens right
maybe put this up in the same kind of
place right like it that it's almost
exactly the same like alright so far I
definitely think that this is definitely
a better and it's a 10 or cheaper I got
10 euros back as well so the other one
was 10 euros more expensive and it had
less megapixels and it was chunky and it
was ugly and this thing is like so far I
really like this it's really simple
I've just been informed that my sandwich
has been prepared by my soon-to-be wife
but if it got for me soon to be wifey
panino what kind of like mail oh oh
honey no honey no where we got chicken
cheese and some sort of a pink thing
always making me the vegetables folks
but that's why we're so in love I guess
right here all right Coffee time
every time you say copy time you ever
think of copy time dude
hmm
I'll be I'll be has a new trick
it's a good time the new truck will have
to wait you know we're running a
competition for looking for the
illustrations and probably no Anna just
tweeted I actually noticed because anna
tweeted it dad am on Saturday we're
gonna put up one only because we were
talking about this the other night and
some of these are actually like really
really good not like actually like
really good like the actually really
really good like I'm quite impressed do
you guys want to sneak peek it just a
couple of ones that I like okay that is
just a few right so just quick nip to
them here but I'm not going to show you
all them but you know so many stuffs
really really good so keep sending them
in if you can I know it it's just like
forever it's always like oh my god you
know what just happened and I hate when
you do that but I I came down the stairs
and her dog is barking outside right IRA
and the stairs joke and go like good boy
fun right
I'll be ran down the stairs and they're
thinking like so what how he has never
been able to get down the stairs and he
just ran up and down the stairs ah he
just stared over there his dinners is it
a boy that's a good boy
he do his nutrition hey radio my gosh I
feel like such a parent that my son's
just being able to do something big one
no big one haha good boy good boy okay I
feel like such a parent because it's
like we've been forever trying to get
him to get into stairs he's so afraid of
and it says and he just ran down the
stairs it was so cool tricks decent
tricks
come on again what I mean it's finished
the chicken isn't something you finish
the chicken no like I mean the bit that
I took out of the thing
I am forever Telangana and not to finish
the chicken she use up all our food and
gives it to the dog oh that's ok tell
you why you're actually giving him the
entire like chicken you're such a good
boy Allie oh I think he's being able to
do that like months ago right and every
time we leave he goes upstairs and he's
like pretty playing the PlayStation or
kicking his feet back and he's like
having a time was life when nobody hears
us by putting the key in the door he
runs understand he's all like oh oh man
I'm so cool oh it's made my day Allie I
get you running up a nemesis huh
