we'll never get me you'll never take me
alive Howie Howie where's mommy
shake it off you ever felt guilt like
the guilt of a puppy
I'll get this you try and leave you know
and this what Abby does like you runs to
his little spot you know and he's gonna
sit there now he's gonna put on his
little shivers yes whatever you do do
not leave me alone all right this is
pretty important and maybe you guys can
help us out now we've been watching
jerseylicious we pull down this season
so we've been kind of like binging on
jerseylicious and one of the words
Wilson a main girl code
Olivia Olivia uses his tan gotta have
can right I'm Way over here in art we
say like 10 done with the IDI at the end
what which is right
who put that truck there last year we
were in formas we uh we weren't as
colorful as we are this year in doggy
you know probably because I was in Yoona
Yoona who's diversity I was doing a lot
more like you know tippity tapping on
the computer and writing Jesus's and all
sorts of malarkey and Anna was busy
painting her nails
Olivia Olivia
and then what do women I want where they
took all her makeup off and then she was
like she has bronzer and she likes just
like I'm just like a different color but
Tracy uses fake tanning fake bacon oh my
gosh from her fake bake on a perfect
page on ones I'm not done wrong
I don't pull fake bacon once right and
she didn't like wash it off you just put
it all on and got into the baking and I
I was getting into better put the coat
up and oh my god she's so dark it was
like ridiculous covers covered in muck
give me her entire face and she was
trying to convince me at no turn this is
normal this is what's supposed to happen
no what happened hi every good bye no no
it's a time crunch I'm in Ireland on
YouTube like Anna's one of the top
channels but constantly she's having
this bachelor last life it's like
Westlife and then debuted on and then
Anna beat Sam and then Davey Donna and
it meets them at the moment they're on
tour somewhere in the world so they've
got that just like gained a lot of
subscribers or something tonight or like
a head of iron at the moment so
subscribe to me subscribe to Anna and
big Westlife hoorah we found a spot
folks green light means as a spot what
are we going to jump from town centre
today see
ooh House of Fraser is what we're
looking for
special to us for the first skit stop
this one
okay that's right right thanks by the
way I know yeah
you
for horrible
I'll show you my pain
what's so special about summer age angel
some are angel
fine till the last ages
order
oh I've made up a word folks I'm calling
it nonchalant e so we're leaving the
town center was that a productive day
that was a productive day folks I got
myself a new totally I'll show you in a
moment
first of all over 1/2 well folks well
then too much detail right but let's
have a look at this right this thing was
like for 250 and I guess right special
offer down to 190 go up to pay for it
160 boom that's what we're talking about
and check it out oh you can be saw like
you say yo I'm blonde I'm not vlogging
I'm on the phone hello yo guys what's up
hello oh yeah no problem yes oh come on
what's up hello totally cool right
someone said to me recently young horns
ring when am I going to make enemies
level
I didn't actually make me think
when you think we should make you miss
love
here a year at least a year
was probably a year after you get
engaged or something you think
would you need a really big diamond ring
though to get engaged yeah how big
this baby that big she's got a big
diamond ring on her finger
damn folks guts up way and I'm such an
idiot
I totally I do apologize to my blogging
community but I forgot to bring the
camera in and isn't it the way isn't it
when you don't bring the camera the most
exciting and funny things happen ever
you could have watched a guy make my sub
sandwich I got the subway mouth
you delight veggie Delite but you do lie
I also just riding my big sister I told
her that we got engaged and she was all
like I decided to tell her first after
of course the mothers because she's like
my big sister you know and like your big
sisters like kind of like your mom in a
way you know she feels probably like the
most responsible for you she know how it
is
we got all emotional emotional but she's
my brother's my everyone's my she just
sent me text like welcome to the claim
Oh
money we can be happy as Cynthia
apartment
I used to have lunch stand behind me
hell but I got folks which I got this
new Mathis my phone
oh it's called Subway melt and melts in
your mouth
there's something under here oh it's a
little LD look I hate when you get into
a car and it's like you open the doors
and it's like oh you're like on fire but
then the windows open and they eat so
bad what are you trying to do getting
engaged is a whole different story
because one of the first things you have
to do is you got to go into Facebook and
change your status this is a high
priority always getting questions about
what kind of camera is good for making
blogs and stuff so from now on my vlogs
will be done with this now I don't want
loads people complaining because
obviously the audio isn't going to be
good the video quality is not going to
be as good
it is 720 Wealth's 1080p but I'll put
the 720 I see myself on the nose beat
myself up I'm beating myself
