good morning we all got some yesterday
check it out
oh don't mind the breast pads better
exposed but yeah this is where my
t-shirt line was think of my eyes are so
puffy as well and Melia got someone who
cheats didn't you and unless ya hack she
she look fine now she has a tiny bit of
what looks like sunburnt Brenda I think
from when I was breastfeeding her in the
restaurant because we were sitting
outside yes we were but anyway we were
just doing foot five you get a foot high
five boom again boom boom boom boom boom
boom so cute so let us let till 5:00
this morning and then it looks worse on
camera I think than it actually does in
real life when he gives you real life
and I don't usually get sunburned so the
only reason you didn't get some branch
and like at all
was it weirdo is using Italian stallion
barely I got some on my arms but it's
already kind of turned turn it girls
that got sunburned what good are they
cold sunburned girls this is why I don't
call thunder and girls not called
anything because you're sat outside la
yesterday for so long we don't usually
do that in direct sunlight in the middle
of the day foot by foot 500 hmm right
let me change this baby's nappy and then
we're going to make some untied
I love headboard with this pancake and
car it's time cake making sundae
a little bit she's got the little drum
got the morning some day from wait it's
Amelia making the pancakes today I'll
Eduardo whoo three types of lips that
Bowl what well yeah yeah and a lot of
remember that time turn up baking video
when the egg broke or something
Joe this is not sound like a nice thing
all right egg super spider in the know I
think it's a spider pancake sword spider
pancakes
wow I think month I don't know let's see
no you make you to the milk number okay
you ready right Oh watch it
I'll put it apart wow you did it why
don't we can't you broke the egg help me
with the coconut oil
I'll take one egg Wow and why are the
word Oh like one no don't do that
 look at this it actually looks like
this eggs are like a giant white teeth
legend I hate that much white it is okay
now next we gotta put the goose eggs
what I was just thinking it does look
like a gummy eggs I have one of them
updated yeah we should do that you know
the real food versus gummy food
well done guys
Hey not yet oh when it's cooked let's
grab one of these this is a nice car sir
yeah you like this one okay okay let's
go some questions sir
good job good job try not to question to
everything I take try not to questioned
everything clearly you don't have to
questions everything I guess what do we
need to get again you remember we to get
money and spider-man hai kahan maxim
where did the mushrooms come from are
you sure I was on the list
yeah do we judge should we need me fruit
or vegetables right that's right we
don't have any great Co we do need them
for breakfast I'm glad I brought you
along so okay let's go that's why you
came always guys pull over here so might
be better great luck seasons coming to
bag or you better hold on wondering so
red
see this red grape see this right great
oh is the same thing yeah the same thing
well no because we've got other ones
coming so we're going to be ok ok good
job you're doing a shopping today
okay spider my leg into my training ugly
from the fruit
what we want to get a good hand guy no
no no no we want to get a nice one
let's see we got here hmm
aha fresh from the deli you like you
like that one it's got like it's got
like herbs in it no I don't like that oh
you don't eat on a herb all right I mean
you wanted you like herb you know I've
heard cider well we're not that one
that's like the smiley face one no no no
it'll crash from the deli there you go
this is actually great
I mean it did your shopping from now on
as soon as we can teach her to drive she
can come in here herself it'll be great
normal people over okay I need only only
nice cafes okay
oh there you go as well okay let's go
no I think we're good on that watch out
watch out the remote shopping what you
got against official verdict do you
immediately like the family changing
yeah we're going to skies yep
do you know that this time enemy lives
from Scotland
say hello all my friends from Scotland
all right let's go
first thing we do is get a bag okay and
now you need you need these all right no
no no no we can get the bagels in the
packages here now what kind of role
would you guys like oh they look good
get you have one I think we need mineral
for guardo which one oh wait wait
immediate I mean I mean I mean yeah I
heard a rumor the floor is lava lava I
know you can do it you're safe okay well
if you think that we need them whereas
you need a crush on John that's Joe and
Eduardo no you can't eat it oh please
we'll take it now we have four
okay we need to pick up rag guy so many
different types of breath oh this one's
got funny faces on it
Wow
what no we can't get it because there's
a funny face on it except if they want
you to think of me yet
except plan um look at this one right oh
yeah I'm Lindsay hmm the way something
looks like not too bad I'm not too good
huh there's so many different options on
bread like in common what is your
favorite kind of bread my sugar bread is
like CD red what where Oh No who put
that there
what Oh No oh jeez are you making your
own decisions now have you paid your own
decision mommy's going to be happy about
that what's happened now
we need them to you haters a deal look
to for 250 what Raiders thank Raiders
what you are looking at all the
hula-hoop no cut okay this is a
limitation all right we've got the bear
things now as well okay - you're not
happy at all like they're pretty good to
have them at all the birthday parties
they go to you know oh geez now what
have you spotted no you don't need
yo-yos I'm sure we don't I bet what we
are good on yo-yos go push your runner
go push them in order put open our
package if the media has informed me
that glim ease are the new thing now
wash is a gloomy mushrooms and Scotians
and shopkins and Glenys not going to
talk dead body when it it glows in the
dark do do we have to collect all of
them that we do oh hey oh boy anyway
let's get a present
take all my houses oh of course they do
all right you are who do you want this
to be which one it can be it's going to
be what the expert the media is awesome
Rapunzel or clumsy so it should be
sleeping beauty it can be Ariel Oh
Cinderella the green one Oh Ariel I know
what that or which one do you want me I
go yeah so which one would you like this
is my wife no wife no I you said alright
okay let's find out everybody guys oh no
way
No you got one you wish for yeah it's
not going to change but how amazing I
wish if I really thought it was not
going to be the wondering you get that's
so cool I know I really onesie - go -
being like all right we are all off to a
beach party is that whatever it is right
little movie getaway anyway I'm holding
a baby right one of her mom has a
presence in her bike okay
for immediate friends parties at the
beach party though or a pool party or
something probably have a pool in their
house they're putting like sign and said
okay let's go
all aboard we're gonna be late putting
emulate anyway night what we need to get
a car seat guys it's like brown but
matches really annoying me
okay I mean yeah core and either side
okay it's a couple hours later we're
back from the party but I'm we're seeing
the kids cake give dinner in bed yeah
the kids are in bed and they never ate
the cake because they got was that
marzipan
no what does it look like Alan did
something I think icing I think it was a
homemade cake build by I think what it
was cool the whole thing was in the
shape of like a beach like this is the
sign for the beach party and had her
name and like stuff punished it was like
a sign hello this is not part of the
party yeah let's cool we're having at oh
just here like we're going to eat our
dinner now yeah 200 we're going to our
dinner at 8 o'clock 5 o'clock dinner
we're going to go and watch some oranges
any blacks look at the color of me look
at the color of me lads probably
recognize me huh
it's like you know me can we go to
Sorrento all the time we come back I'm
always like I love myself for a few
weeks
vlogs lavalla Japan the animal animal
there I probably enjoyed today's video
presentation you wish hope you find it
in your heart and like it and hit the
bell button and press the comments and
stuff I'll see you guys tomorrow
Oh
