I think watching people doing those
daily vlogs right for ages and I think
they're really kind of interesting human
is you kind of watch them and you think
this is way better than TV because it's
it's actual reality TV reality YouTube
where you Alan TV is like so far from
reality well I think that's a scientific
experiment to see because it does I
think it does change you and you do
actually look back and think wow did you
see what you did like recently I watched
that shake how one where you had the
baby I was thinking that's incredible
like that kid got to see his entire like
development process like all the way up
until they actually had the baby now
he's born and then they're probably
gonna keep on going and you see their
whole life and even watching those
little kids you can't see them grow up a
bit no I don't watch it religiously but
every now and again I watch it you think
wow look it's change and I think it's
really cool to look back on it as well
you know and myself and I don't like you
know who moved here you know if we had
actually been daily vlogging I suppose
since we actually moved to Ireland God
like the change in see development you
like the ideas that you had and then you
know where you're ended up now be really
really cool you know and at the moment
you know worked in the illustration
competition because you know the book is
kind of coming it's happening now and
it's really exciting times and you know
I'm doing different projects and these
videos and stuff and I think it's really
cool to actually be able to watch that
back and be able to see it you know I'm
you know I think to see other people's
participation you know cuz I think is a
big change happening where you know
content creators on YouTube are becoming
a you know an actual you know sort of a
media you know we are beginning to
control our own entertainment or
something like that I don't know but
anyway this is going to be day one of my
daily vlog I'm gonna try it for this
entire week so today is Monday I'm gonna
do sing my security fighters artists on
it I have no idea like I don't really
have much plan for this week you know
there's a lot of time where I'm just
sitting there working or I'm just like
doing nothing so I'm gonna try and bring
you guys along for the week and at the
end of the week let's just see like
let's just see what happens you know you
know you let me know okay we're gonna
done stores
chorim's course so sometimes is quite
good then you guys go to those stores or
it's just like test goes all the way we
used to go to Tesco's but if you go to
Dunn's I just think it's better against
like although them to foods all like
Irish bronze and stuff you just it's
just tastier or something I don't know
that make any sense to you
dude is not talking to me
there's like a small tiny issue with the
front of the car
and a kick-out I did this exact same
thing right I drove too close to the
little curb part right and we left a
piece of the car behind so I heard it as
I drove up to it remember reversing
No yeah look okay let's go single time
is this part important the simple fix
folks job completed I have gone with the
frankfurters hot dogs hot dogs hot dogs
hot dogs and mr. Kuney ones peppers
chicken and peppers peppers chicken
impression I prepare hot dog for a hot
dog or a peppery chicken peppers a
bridge in peppers a lot of chicken
peppery chicken
and in the most important part do you
guys use coffee filters right but I
found these guys if you care 100%
unbleached I used to always use the yeah
these ones you know that one things are
kind of like the more popular ones that
everyone kind of uses but then we found
this a little store that sells these and
then number two but they're kind of cool
because they're little small little
fellas and see the rack we're really
small and cute little t-shirt thing you
can pop them in like this it's perfect
for like one cup you know what's your
favorite coffee um I kind of go for a
mixture you know does that well actually
I've been using the Bewley's one
recently because they're giving 50% free
so and I get us a love heart that oh my
gosh
ah cuz she loves me is it cuz you love
me yeah these things I made your lunch
you think Sally is the cutest guy in the
world
doesn't need a packet party comes with a
clock always wonder we forbidden can
coming in here blurt
Happy's walking on the street he does
this little sort of squatty thing when
he needs to go to toilet so I'm trying
to throw him go to toilet in the street
we haven't got something cleaner up so
who bring him in here
we just got Emma some peasants cause
it's her birthday
because I got oh wait drop all right
I'll see it looks like rap there oven
gloves but one strike be in one spotty
and she kind of likes most much stuff
myself and I got our car and then I got
Omar card as well because she's sick
don't you get out of him he got afraid
because brain went ahead over you
I got somewhere the other day and he got
it
Ichi as OMG Zedd but Ana got me some
aloe vera gel he gets so itchy
oh my god if you guys got ever got
sunburned what's not even some where
it's just lightly Sund over Sund oh my
god I get so itchy but it's aloe vera
99.9% it's awesome but I know so I'm
gonna get home and it's like yay that's
that's off on to the next problem
you guys got Playstations
right I press the button and you just
shut down in the middle I had it on
usually I leave it on when I'm rendering
just to play about with it you know and
I flicked it on everything's going fine
and all of a sudden just shut off and I
was like oh well it's just off
stupid thing you know press the button
and it goes nothing absolutely nothing
I'm not gonna line it they're all saying
like oh it's like you know lights of
death or whatever whatever whatever you
just think you pay this much bloody
money for a computer and they can't
bloody work properly oh so annoying so
I'm trying
I'm just taking out the hard drive I'm
gonna put it back in and see does that
help the situation I have no idea why
taking a place in the hard drive would
make any different people are saying
like it's overheated or something but I
don't know like it does not feel
overheated but then again in same time I
left up over here screaming away because
it's overheated it's always overheated
so which is kind of funny because we're
not somebody fix my playstation I bet
Anna's probably chopped it herself
because now I guess we can spend some
quality time together watching rom-coms
and the sort or what's the newest one
jerseylicious in the Gatsby
she's like worst day ever oh my god
first day in the blog in the whole world
has come to end so that's always turn to
YouTube and that's this guy he's doing a
tutorial basically he's taking his a
PlayStation apart as I'm doing here see
my problem is that my warranty which is
just so sticker here um if I pull it off
my warranty is void but I bought this in
Bournemouth when I was in university and
there's no way I'm going back to form it
I can pay 150 dollars to send it back to
PlayStation but that's 150
pounds-plus packs with postage I just
don't have time for that huh
leave when you whip the thing off it's
like like your life is over
you have destroyed any chance of ever
having your PlayStation again
