hey guys so you've probably come from
the style diet channel if not click here
go back to the style diet channel and
watch the video referring to the
competition but if not if you've come
from there then welcome to the terms and
conditions the competition is open to
anybody at all in the entire planet any
age group male female if you dog or your
cat or your zebra or your elephant can
draw hey scan it it and send it on
basically you've got one week so it's
going to close on the 18th of june and
you can send us a scan of an image that
you've drawn you can take a photograph
of an image that you've drawn or if you
can somehow magically project it into my
brain then I'm willing to accept brain
projections okay so to give you guys an
idea of the kind of images that we're
looking for it's on the line of vector
art and if you don't know what vector
art check this out these are some images
that i got from i stop which gives you a
good idea of the kind of drawings that
we're looking for this is the kind of
style it's got to be fun it's got to be
cute in order to better your chances
it's probably a good idea to subscribe
to my channel and subscribe to anna's
channel if you're successful actually
win this competition and it's probably
highlighted what you're actually
learning gap but just to reiterate what
it's going to happen you chose an image
that wins will be published in the book
the starlight there will be no royalty
monies later on owed this competition is
for the subscribers of the style I to be
more involved in the style light and it
were pretty cool to have your stuff oh
you gotta draw Anna myself and Alby
we're looking for those tree characters
and they can all be together in this
scenario or you can put them separately
i would prefer if you put it on a white
background don't actually write a
composite in a background or draw in the
background because they will be like
conflate Iran so you don't need to know
about that kind but draw the image and
send it on to his email at art at
Johnson George calm I'm gonna leave and
that information below and i put it up
across the screen here
well art at jons enjoy calm you have
until the 18 and basically I will be
choosing the winner along with Anna and
Albie Albie is pretty much in charge of
everything we would have done this
ourselves but this is this was my entry
and good luck to everybody and talk to
you later
