hi guys welcome to my farm check it out
I got the carriages and the tractors and
the ducks and the houses and the teddy
bears and the funnies and the houses and
the houses and the trees and the curves
you know things and I need to feed my
Birds my cattle and sheep and this thing
is never ever gonna get done and look
what Anna did to my barn
it's ridiculous but I got a stonehedge
isn't that pretty darn cool folks that
look easier too so it's been like
forever since I blogged right loved
loved loved loved loved it's like
putting a lot in a blog and then blog it
so I'd be like so super busy with like
working stuff and Natalie thing and oh
yeah friendly people out there we're
thinking what is the pole is so bad it's
because obviously I'm not using my big
camera I'm using an asterick so I'm
gonna show you this is what I shoot with
alright this is my camera you can see
you know this is what I shoot but this
is my family a full rig that goes with
it yeah well obviously it's completely
broken down because I only break it up
when they use it and I do have a Mac box
which it sounds in front of it which
connects in here and then the side part
here and the side part here that means
that less light is getting in and my
aperture is not flicking I use a prime
with an extension for a 28 mil macro
front-end lens got a grip into it as
well it's it's nice
yes yes it's beautiful best thing loads
of you have asked me you know can I do
more stuff on like photography or
videography our cameras and itself but
you know asking me to do a video on
cameras could take forever in the month
of May because it's just so much stuff
but if you want any specific tutorials
or something honest
cific element like you know how to
maximize shutter speed or aperture
focusing or you know what's DSL or
versus that's the lore and you know
compacts and any any specific question
you have leave me a comment below it and
you guys think kick-ass yes holy crap
it's brilliant absolutely deadly if you
haven't seen kick-ass go see it it's
kick-ass that's probably call the
kick-ass or maybe it's because one of
the lead characters is called kick-ass
which probably makes more sense remember
they called him kick-ass which is
probably actually a metaphor on him
being agents opposed to an actual
kick-ass character because he's not
kick-ass at all but however the little
girl knows oh my god I think he's gonna
be a little girl she is deadly I hope it
now was saying to and I was like in the
sequel you think like oh man wouldn't be
cool if she was like a teenager and
she's all grown up but then at the same
time that would suck because I think you
what makes it really funny is the fact
that she's a little girl like she's like
a little sister's age I'm rich in here
like kicking ass like with guns minigun
are crazy crazy out but I check it out
totally worth it
I'll be thumbs up thumbs up to pick guys
I'll be hubby
I'll be as very erratic sleeping
patterns leave me some comments and just
say hello say hello nicely don't say how
old meanie now you know who you are
say hello nicely say hello kitty I would
have said that maybe I'll inform stream
but I don't really use for me anymore
because I was kind of getting questions
no such getting questions and then next
thing you know when they last you
something like a hundred and fifty
questions are like why are you so fat
why are you so ugly fix your teeth
you're a retard blah blah blah blah
right back as if I'm going to waste my
time answering them so like it's just
gone too ridiculous like so I'm probably
not going to use for anymore but add me
as a friend on Facebook and we'll be
like BFFs forever
okay and join my farm and then like feed
my dog and fertilize my land and give me
loads of free gifts on farmville and
we'll be like total B F F that fast I
don't know what the extra s part if you
have any idea leave a comment in with
the xref star and give me a thumbs up
and give me a subscription and then
it'll be totally rockin awesome
