so we're at my aunt's house at a
barbecue for my grandmother on my mom's
side
she's like 80 million years old so I'll
be hasn't being out here yet so we're
showing them the sights this is what
glow
let's go find the chicken bloody thing
you can't let him off the lead so much
around here because apparently it was a
vicious chicken we're gonna try and find
that vicious stricken okay if anyone
doesn't know what a cowshed looks like
this is this is why you live in Ireland
look at the horse oMG we just spotted
some horses horses horses you know
excited about the horses not as excited
as I am about the horses I'm pretty
excited to see a horsey I'm kind of
scared of the horses but
if a horse can actually eat you and then
you never be too late idle horse horse
I'm scary ass stuff folks right with
some spelling round stuff oh now he's
also now you're all up for our guys I
know everyone know everyone can't be big
Abbi OH
shake yourself watch yourself you think
of these guys Alvey Oh PFF my life
