hey guys I know I haven't made a video
like age is being like a week or two I
think maybe about a week so I did the
springs from which is like a forever in
eternity on YouTube but i decided that i
might as well due to a Pollyanna tag
that's been going around she tagged you
in a video have I never or never have I
ever and never have I ever which was
more you there hope we got out the cut
today and exactly like a name i will
show you him i did a video I'll to talk
to do that job he doesn't even know okay
so you never have I ever I thought like
I know I never have I ever beauty stand
over could never have I ever so i
decided i was going to never have i ever
on a couple of different things okay so
what I'm not gonna can't go mad cuz
that's gonna take forever and I want to
get five fingers over at a time never
have I ever for brown sauce in my team I
saw that intermission if you start at
intermission when we squished all the
brown sauce and just a tease like 10ish
what I've never done that and I think
it's disgusting I've never understood
the hills I don't know every week when I
don't watch didn't watch any more but
used to watch it make any sense to me I
thought it was like a crazy show with
the guy was weird ghost beard weird I've
never enjoyed foot night I am terrified
of fun tonight not because of the
undesirables who because of the speeding
uncontrollable rice leading on to the
next one I've never gotten a roller
culture I've never been on a roller
coaster my life I did however in Germany
I was in wonderland and happy flappin
and we went in his crazy roller coaster
instead of being on a roller coaster it
wasn't a roller coaster boy just landed
in water and it was pretty cool I've
never drank paint when I was in school
and primary school we used to get that
water based paint the Eternity acrylic
painting or let's go up be able to move
used to drink I never drank that I've
never eaten a spider actually never in
the spider we just crazy I'm saying
before he goes of lightest tortillas and
by numbering the spider I've never got
past level 50 in college duty zombies in
their eyes I've got them like 36 and
dumber that's annoying I never pierce my
ears I'm too much into chicken I don't
know do you were in Greece when did you
take
sanity I'm never falling from a tree
it's completely arrives it's a dinner
date which is kind of cool that's not
why I put that there I've never been
married that's obvious I've never had a
pet monkey when I was a kid and friends
used to be on who were raw Scot Marciel
things taught myself get this little pet
monkey I loved dapat monkey I always
wanted a pet monkey they like to help
him one key to something I've never
owned a tamagotchi ever you were
tamagotchis do a little thing that when
I had a little game thing playing get to
feed the cat or the dog or the pixel and
I ride one of him I didn't revert it
anyone just put that out there never um
I never sky dive or bungee jump or
pretty much ever jumped out of a moving
plane out of a moving car I've never
jumped out of anything even a break why
would you jump off a bridge I don't know
it wasn't making any sense to me but
I've never done that I've never been to
Asia and I'm sorry Cynthia who and I'm
never driven across London we're not
using my gps okay we live and learn it
every time it was like oh just nip down
to the shops I don't know why you taking
the English accent oh just nip down to
the shop so I will be glue I'm in
England right no you did it but you
never you get lost everywhere you go
right I'm just gonna go down like just
down there take a left take a right you
can take a life cycle right you're in
like 10 out of 10 hours away and
it's to get about it so don't don't
drive across London we're at a GPS
device I have never run out of petrol in
a car or a bike or any device because we
weren't any my brother is running out of
passion everyone i know you swear I
petrol never add that you're too
paranoid I don't want to push anything I
never cleansed her toned which is kind
of beauty related but I've never ever
cleanser toner like Joe and may earn a
man in Shane and all my friends in
school is so I can cut your Clinton to
nothing pluck their eyebrows more banks
I've never missed an episode of stargate
sg-1 sorry glances Stargate the new one
looks like i'm totally on the move some
kind of energy side but then I'm kinda
like the daughter dr. Stein oh but soggy
since I was like 10 or turkey and
remember every March Annette same file
sorry I could get never missed an
episode of Battlestar Galactica I've
never watched a sopranos I've never
walked through wire my laptop screens
down crazy I've never been able to
unmanaged to understand rural Irish
speaking people when I first moved to
court you know from Dublin like we do
have a different kind of accident two
people down in cork but I remember I was
at and taking Oaxacan bargain and i met
this guy and I was asking him a question
I camera was about but remember i was
very soon he wrote here to look at five
I've had and it's visible that and I was
like what language is that cooing Tom a
struck go on over speaking of which then
I should speak Irish on YouTube dear
which is small on YouTube August Oscar
may sir Oh Christopher no I don't know
no no it's my long this video no vmail
um this I've never I've never be able to
speak Irish ha I've never been able to
touch cotton ok now I didn't think this
is crazy right but if I see coughing oh
my i touch cotton all right it's like
you start to taste it you know and it's
like in your madness of cotton man comes
when was like you can taste it you're
like students are disgusting and
it's like to talk the feel of it I've
never eaten eggplant I don't even know
what eggplant is I asked matter what do
is I'm not even she said I hadn't eaten
a fund leave a comment below and
eggplant is I never be deadly funnily
enough I've been all around Europe all
around you're looking for a room
upstairs Downstairs off the PERS like
them right OH the way right there I've
never read a bit ly never went up there
and paranasal home I don't want it I was
one
to see like paintings and stuff yeah man
pope pope john hall I'm speaking of her
oh oh look a small he is oh say hello
i'll be great that's a poor Molly I'll
get follow me on Twitter Tommy or it's
called lightness notice that you can't
fathom you like some on facebook now
it's the whole rage formspring me you
know and do all that anyone in court
don't forget am a man Point Man point
shopping center for the elite model
thing if you guys are around either way
we'll say i do i say i do i do
