hey guys so we're in cork you may have
noticed that this looks a little bit
different to my study I wish my study
look like this this little fancy books
Oh having so much unmarked anywho i'm
doing this video with no coffee i went
to get a coffee this morning okay and
actually i might actually show you am i
cut to right now cut and we're back I
think we're gonna be back so I guess
I'll go to make my coffee right I take
the milk out of the fridge and milk
looks fine you think it's pretty good to
me I pour the milk in and as I'm pouring
it in it's like lumpy and thick and it's
like and as I stop pouring as all I
goopy stuff just like goobie goo burung
so I look at the top and it's like oh
aight what the hell is that doing here
two years old I think that they're
trying to trick me because one time we
were in London oh my god just remain
rude okay I'm lying in bed okay and it
says to me she want a coffee which is
like talking run she does not make me
copies every morning okay very suddenly
does Joe Nathan get a coffee so I'm
lying in bed and she comes in with a
coffee and I can hear a rumbling and
tumbling in the kitchen she comes in
with his little smile on her face and
she's like here you go I'm like is that
for the milk in the fridge is I no no
it's not i was like that man's gone up
it's not gone off and then she chose
this big strop about how I'm a horrible
boyfriend because I'm like not believing
her and why would she give me gone off
milk and stuff so I'm like okay dokay so
I take out I'm like sitting in bed you
know I'm right I'm right oh my god I
could see the floaty bitten and I as
gene tell i'm not actually holding the
camera an assault on camera that's why
there's a little edit their sleep right
there right there you see to edit that
little cut that happens that's not my
fault okay normally my own kitchen but I
whenever I shall not anymore because the
camera may fall anyway so I'm lying in
bed okay and these little floaty bit so
I'll floating around and the thing you
know when you get gone off milk in your
coffee that is like the sin of all since
that is the most disgusting thing I ever
explain you drink it right and it's like
coffees pretty you know you drink cup of
coffee its kind of it stays in your mat
for quite a while until you eat
something else or goes away you know but
it's quite
strong young gone off milk now I'm
pretty sensitive when it comes to gun
off milk right so I'm like all right oh
my god my this is kind of yeah it's just
like buddy called yourself our butter
bean today I'm like oh my god like
vomiting on the inside on the outside in
my nose and my ears it's like running
out I can taste herself it was like
nothing so I run outside the kitchen
like there's gotta be something there's
nothing to get rid of the taste of the
gone off milk if you ever experienced
something similar to that this is not
why I made the video today i made this
video to introduce you guys to the cats
so let's move back on to the story oh
where was I the bunny robbed all the
eggs turn them into chocolate gone off
milk meet the cats so I got four cats I
want to introduce you guys to so stay
tuned say hi leave the comments rates
subscribers don't forget to follow me on
twitter hit me up on formspring well
sister i don't know follow me at home
follow me around my life get on my back
and I'll give you a piggyback bye
