do not mind the fact that it's gonna get
bright and dark and bright and dark and
bright and dark because there is this
massive cloud that is like circulating
over my skylight here and every time I
press record the cloud just moved over
and it just sort of darkens the shot and
me going me and I have started and
recorded this in men a million billion
times but now we're just gonna cause it
we're gonna call it an effect I'm gonna
do some leg in effect but it's not ready
got darker oh look it's getting brighter
again recently I've been gotten a lot of
private messages from people how do you
know if a guy likes you and he wants to
be more than friends if you're putting
on an act for a guy then he's not
actually gonna go out with you he's
gonna work with the axe and then
inevitably you're gonna stop wanting to
do the act and then he's gonna see that
you're a kind of a different person and
that goes the same for girls I've I've
gone out with people where I'd like
pretended to be like yeah yeah
notary man I pictures every day of my
life I'm like the chess master you know
and I'm gonna have this girl cuz she's
into chess - and then you know she's
like play chess I'm like yeah cuz all
the chess master you know I got on my
plane chest every single day I'm so
behind cart I'm tired of playing chess
but it's because I'm not interested in
chess so why don't we have a chick
that's interested in chess because I
want to be with her so I pretended to be
into what she's into and then I just
turned into a mess don't think rat
familiar if a guy is playing on these
stupid mind games and sing as a girl but
girls playing stupid mind games with you
and making you run around in circles
don't come put up with it because there
is like I don't know let me just
calculate that up there's like a billion
people in the planet right and
half-animal girls and half-animal guys
so the chances are if you're unless you
live in some town where you're like
there's like one guy in one girl boy and
you're probably better off scoring with
that chick or guy but if you're not
there's a million people in the world
you know there's a billion people in the
world you don't need to settle for
somebody if you're if you've gone out
with some girl or you like this guy
right and he like flirts chew and then
you first with another girl then you
first attune and you first to another
girl he's basically doing that because
he doesn't know what to do and he's like
trying to you know get the most
attention to feed his ego or to hurt you
go forget about it every guy is leading
you on and then he's getting cold and
and hot and cold and then hot he's
probably playing some
with you so don't get involved don't
play along I mean just like you know
what to do not to do all just ignore him
I remember when I was first interested
in dating Alastair Kony and I was
running around like a stupid little dog
with my tongue hanging out and I ignored
me oh my god like you know I'm not being
like you know hot but you know I got a
bit of attention from girls night was
that it easy to like you know pick up on
girls
but oh my god like she ignored me I know
I said what's going on a question to
myself it's sport I was questionable so
that's the trick but on the other hand
if you ignore them too much um it's not
gonna work either because we're gonna
get bored you know myself and Ana when I
started going out when I started dating
courting whatever the phrase is we were
each other for almost a month before we
even kissed before we even got together
you know we just learned it because
that's kind of the fun part isn't it you
know the chase you know but then if it
all happens too fast like you do go
ahead to my meet them kiss them bah bah
blah blah blah blah then exciting to
kind of you know cuz you got the rest of
your life you've got years and munson
hours not a jack bauer relationships
over
but like take your time enjoy it like
you know enjoy the cheese enjoyed it did
you know we'd be on like Beebe or
something that you know I don't remember
it was the forbidden all her friends
were like don't go him and like my
friends is a frolic you know and
everyone was like the whole world was
like trying to keep us apart but like
I'm B whoa this is like ages ago used to
be able to put up the civil status you
know and I remember right you're like
boy MSN is fun and then I was like oh
MSN it's fun I'd like my MSN username is
blind she liked MSN username is blah and
then we've deleted our status things
then we start talking
is one of that call each other because
uh all these idiots were stopping us you
know we started and it was fun it was
scary and it was exciting and no one
else knew what was going on in her own
little adventure and then we had this
thing where like after about like three
or so weeks all of us like you know sort
of flirting and dating we're cooking and
I had this thing like if you were at a
ten and if you're at a level ten you got
it like a little kiss but you know so we
like been moping about it we both knew
that we were into each other but once
you wouldn't you initially have that
kiss but that's the end it's not the end
it's to start a relationship but that's
kind of like the end of life you know
that there the firming period you know
before in relationship and then you're
all comfortable new stuff and then this
is your exciting parts like marriage and
wedding and blah blah blah blah blah but
I remember like I was cooking you know
Anna I was I remember I was cooking like
a steak and probably wasn't looking
mistake something and she was like oh
you're like a five or something I like
you know you have no power over me I
don't care what number I am to take no
thought like you know and the thing is
like that moment when she was like oh
you're ten I was a schoolboy
I was so shy I didn't know what had come
over me I was all like you know there we
kind of like you know I kissed her on
the cheek yourself I think that eight
was the kiss on the cheek and then I can
was like that I smoochy kiss you know
but it was so scary he's so excited once
she initially told me I was a tan like I
needed a Paul was started in my court
again and I was all-powerful and I
didn't turn back into our bedroom you
know but I kind of knew at that point
let me just watch the film and then
eventually in the middle of that
ridiculous distend film
how romantic we am we had a smoochie and
I was it like you know but that month I
will never ever forget that that was
like I finally beat him I did it
together but that was like most exciting
thing and although like all these
different adventures you haven't like
you know those relationship moments
those moments that you
back home when you might like like your
turkey in a 14 or 15 or whatever I get
first kids like I remember I first kiss
was the most to be honest I was the most
disgusting experience I've ever had in
my life it was like this
this way she was like slapping me it was
horrible I was in this band and it was
right before the all-around I used to be
like a big swimmer and it was right
before then and I was up it is back here
name our band it was something stupid
and we're all like pure has emotional
emos and this girl was like sick do you
know and I was just like but my second
kiss which was my first long-term
girlfriend
it is disco hitter and I don't think she
watches YouTube I hope not okay um we're
going to dis school disco thing you know
I was so sure like I was just like oh my
god I was so afraid of girls or
something either but am yeah it came
back the whole night I was like making
up these crazy stories hair like I need
to TJ's brother his sister and uncle and
then I couldn't be with her and them and
all this crap wasn't fun I was just oh
oh she's so freaky
I was just stupid and a boy and I was
afraid until right at the end her disco
we're outside and she's like chose me
against watch like you gonna meet me or
what
you know how romantic again but yeah
Tina's got considerably better but
that's the thing you gotta just if it's
supposed to happen it will just happen
and you gotta just let it happen I know
you're pretty sitting at night don't
like like go out anymore without this
awesome but you can you can you can just
just it's defining that the text
messages to trail you get a text message
you look at the name and you're like hmm
and that's like
you know but that's the whole fun and
then it's like you know once that's over
it's a like but on the moon Rama I'm not
trying to say like once it's over
because every single day where Anna is
excited you know every day I wake up and
I'm like yes
you know I got the house girl in Ireland
you know but like it's not just about
looks it's about the person on the
inside anyway subscribe rate comment
Twitter all of the above catch you guys
in the flip side to do to the D to dumb
