do you ever have those nights where you
just lie awake and your brain is going
like a zillion billion miles an hour and
there's nothing you can do to stop it
I have had so many of those nights like
the day before the exam the day before
you gotta go somewhere important anytime
where you have to get up the next day
that's really really important your
brain just is not shut up or sometimes
you'll find that every single night as
you know you're kind of sitting there
like oh god I'm asleep I think I've got
it bad and it's like as you have Shh
the brain just goes like mentally fast
it's like thinking of this I'm thinking
of that thinking of this thinking that
that's the way the TTH goes but got down
I remember he just got I used to drive
me insane so I found this book and this
guy was explaining about this process of
like cleansing your brain and shutting
it off and I was thinking like this
guy's like there's no possible way to
actually turn your brain off but it
turns out I was wrong because there
isn't actually now this is gonna sound
crazy okay
so before you give me all the tumbling
down okay
listen and try to feed yourself what you
need to do right it's like when you're
going to sleep okay imagine your brain
was like this desert island okay so just
picture this island okay it's surrounded
by water okay and then top of it in top
on top of his eye just fill it with all
the crap it's like work or relationships
or work or relationships or work or
relationships or else is there so I'm
just think of all the crap that's going
in your head and million miles now right
let's put it up there take this
imaginary comb and brush over the island
now I know I can't even hear you it
sounds crazy but it's not it actually
works so just picture your brain your
little desert island brush to comb and
brush all your talk to eight now what's
gonna happen is as you're brushing them
you're gonna start developing this like
your imagination will take over and
suddenly there's a master
venture-backed brush nice I think what
kind of brush it is is a comb and if
it's a comb and so they want our King
combs or a big comb what kind of water
is it and some of your comes on in
so here's a big battle with the ships
and they break on the Isle and this will
be John Locke comes along and there's a
portal and do you know me next thing you
know Richard is there and eyes is crazy
but if you can manage to control all of
those ideas and talks and everything and
then just stick them in one place and
brush them out of the way and then
imagine your island with nothing outside
and just stop and just listen to your
waves
that's it and you can use UI there and
just don't try and go sleep
just concentrate listen to your
breathing listen to the waves crashing
in and out of the ocean it's quiet
there's nothing else around it's just
you on your Island with nobody else your
brain is tired that's heavy
you just feel yourself breathing and
drifting and calming yourself down
because tomorrow tomorrow you can think
about everything tomorrow it can be a
million miles an hour
if you don't need to think about it all
now what difference is it gonna be if
you think about it at all now when you
can think about it tomorrow because
nothing's gonna happen tonight nothing
at all just I sound like a crazy person
but here's Alby here's how we hey yo me
what's your trick to go to sleep mommy
gets grumpy I'll be went in the park
today mm-hmm and he met for Maltesers
and he was number five is five maltese
and that was awesome they're like
miniature little sheep running around it
was pretty cool
comes up 5 stars or nibbling up the air
anyway guys I just thought I'd share
that tidbit of information with you
I don't I know you're probably like all
of our seats there on YouTube on it
don't sit I'm you cheap on and on
because what it actually happens is that
the more input you put into your brain
the harder is to go to sleep so the best
thing to do to go to sleep is on a read
a book or do my technique of brushing
and combing the beach what's your
technique you gonna sleep leave some
comments press the subscribe button
depends on what you cheat you are
upgraded or downgraded or left brain
what do you mean to talk about what are
you even doing here subscribe rate
follow quick poodels do
