hey guys today I'm gonna do a video
which is a bit different to the normal
of flute videos but you know I think I'm
just gonna try and be a bit more
versatile on what I'm doing
thousand lost 25 she's one of Ireland's
top beauty bloggers she asked me a
question this morning on Twitter which
was how can she photograph makeup that
is already been applied to the skin but
that's going to allow that the colours
to come through and that something I've
seen which is I've seen a lot of people
who've taken a little sort of candid
photographs and they make it might be
lost in the photograph and the only way
you think they overcome that and span
like tons of money on really expensive
high-end equipment but you can actually
create a lot of beautiful effects using
very very low end equipment so what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna run you through
some very basic cameras and I'm gonna
show you some tricks and tips that are
going to allow you to achieve some
really high-end photographs probably for
a minimal cost first kind I'm going to
look at is this this what is this this
is a canon camera this was I bought this
for Anna about two years ago for back I
don't know it's like a hundred pounds in
our dates in the UK I think it was this
camera is it's a very good entry-level
for a very very small and this is kind
of camera D you get someone if they just
want to wear it partying or just taking
quick snaps it's got a very very minimal
sensor and I think you picked this up oh
look it's a power shot Eve one you pick
up a car shot e one for maybe like a
hundred euros or even like 50 60 euros
they're not expensive what is really
good about this Canon camera is that
beneath the lens here it has a macro
okay then a micro lens is going to allow
you to find very very fine focus on very
small elements which is perfect for
photographing makeup because you'll find
it's the texture of the makeup is going
to really allow the colours to you pass
through so that other people can see it
whereas if you start to lose a lot of
the texture and it blurs over you find
that the colors aren't coming through
these textures and coming to you you're
not really getting a sense of how the
applied makeup is going
settle on the skin when using this
camera make sure to always activate a
macro macro setting is a second you'll
see it kind of looks like a little
flower
and if you click on the little flower on
your top screen you'll actually see a
little micro icon so make sure it's
actually activate the macro place the
camera close enough and then as you
gently touch the big the button to take
your photograph
don't push it all the way in and you'll
see the camera will start to self adjust
itself and that and then just find your
focus and then snap the picture a lot of
a lot of people now are becoming more
media savvy and especially when it comes
to bloggers and people that are using
YouTube they're more aware that the
entry-level stuff is fine you know it's
perfect blind that you can blog and log
and blog for as much as you want with
this particular equipment if you
actually if I take this camera again
okay and I turn on the flash and I take
a photograph of the makeup okay
more than likely what's going to happen
is I'm going to over expose the shot and
I'm going to use all the detail of the
makeup so the best way what I always say
to Anna is that we turn off most of the
lights okay we get an indirect
illumination which is the Sun or the sky
or anywhere where the light is falling
from above in an omnidirectional angle
which means that it's surrounding us
what is important is the ISO settings
you can set that to automatic if you
want if you have the ability to control
it go to your menu you know even on this
little camera you know go into the menu
have a look as you can see the cooker is
oh I got macro I got flash
I got multiple shooting options so
that's gonna take the makeup all right
take the camera now if I need to shoot
this
okay I'm gonna look down onto the camera
and I'm gonna do it and I'm gonna turn
on macro which is the little flower turn
on the flower turn off the flash put it
down slowly press it and get in and out
until you can actually find it and it's
a fine photograph and then snap happy
that's simply it photograph is taking
the other thing of course is light
as you can see for example on my face
right now
two spots one fill and an indirect
source the how that works is let me to
show you if I were to soften the light
on my face that's what's gonna happen
there okay that's no good
anybody wants to remove the light in any
interaction what we have here is light
and darkness that's not good so it's the
same concept when you're shooting the
makeup when you go to a room and you
hold up the makeup okay
we've lost all the details so destroy
life back in again and as you can see
straight away it's lit up beautifully
okay you don't need to spend a lot of
money to create that kind of a lighting
effect
so we've taken our camera we've gone
through the ISO settings we brought the
ISO settings up as high as they allow us
to do it in a low light situation we've
gone to the f-stop we'll open the app as
low as we can for a moment play around
with the ISO settings play around with
the f-stop try the macro if you don't
already know about it it's wonderful and
you know posting comments of any
questions you guys have
don't forget to check out the blog the
foodstuff blog spot.com for some
photographs and you know hit me up
inform screaming at me for so Jonathan
jewelry twitter.com portal Jonathan
jewelry you guys many questions
complaining more specific in this video
you'd like me to cover you know I'm not
a makeup artist I'm more of a digital
media expert so my my obviously
understanding is really in a more
technical direction of how to actually
use the equipment not so much in the
makeup or have to apply it but I hope
this is helpful
see you guys later oh don't forget
subscribing ready
