hey guys I first started YouTube I fully
intended making videos like this but
then I thought mystery guitar man really
pretty piece but suddenly I started
making videos like my last one and
people start leaving me T comments
telling me how I've influenced their
life and motivated them so this kind of
makes you feel real good about myself so
I suppose in the future I'll make more
videos about the motivation or about my
life and how I pursue my happiness but
don't worry it'll be plenty of videos
Albie
also I recently set up a blogger account
I don't have any you guys use a blog I
just find that during the day sometimes
I see something or you know I'm not the
best Twitter person in the world but I
use it occasionally but the blog is
there you know if I want to talk about
photography videography animation media
or you know just my daily life or
something funny or Alby or you know I'm
posting all the little flute videos
there check it out
it's lapooh blog spot.com I'll leave a
link in the sidebar which if you using
the only tube it's a sidebar if you're
using the new YouTube it's below the
video so that's pretty much it it's just
that's pretty much it it's a short one
today to make up my last videos like 20
minutes long - 10 minute segments today
is gonna be sure that's it folks it's a
short one it's a quick one sweet one
don't forget check me out twitter
formspring blogger Facebook whatever
subscribing right
