you know this is it I had stripped away
everything in my life there was nothing
left of all the things I did not want
and all I was left just me
there was no multiple personalities
there was no layers of this is the
business - it's a clubbing mind this is
the dis man in this manner it was just
me you know there was simplicity of
Jonathan and I never really met myself
before I never been in a situation where
I had to be myself but I finally was and
it was hard it would be waiting at
nighttime and I had my motorbike so I
used to like you know whose dark and I
was driving to my motorbike I remember
towards the end of December of that year
so I started college in September I had
no friends I had no family I had no one
in my life I had just moved in as a sort
of a flatshare with the sort of person
who lived in home pretty much so I was
living on my own I was driving my
motorbike home and I had to be crash and
car sideswiped me by put on the side and
I was sitting after picking a bike up
you know and moving to the side of the
road and I'm thinking to myself looking
at my phone gun I actually have no one
to call I actually don't have anyone
that's not on there I know when they
call it was a sense of alone I was alone
but for the first time that wasn't alone
because I knew me you know and I managed
I managed to get home I did it you know
the next day I got up you know I I found
well you know I didn't even have
internet just so you know right it's net
no phone no nothing so I went I went
down to the local community center and I
looked and I found like breaking shards
and I had to go off and find my parts
for the bike and then build the parts
back up and that was really tough and
then Christmas came along and I
remembered that particular year I spent
the week of Christmas completely alone I
said no friends no family no TV no phone
no internet just me on my own stripped
away you know and I remember New Year's
I remember New Year's night that
particular year I remember taking myself
5 4 3 2 1 boom that was it the year was
over I was on my own nothing but it
wasn't that bad because all although I
had nothing all the things that not King
thing of the nut they were all gone the
all the things that would hold me back
there was no excuses there's nothing
there was no reason for me not to
achieve or not to complete whatever I
wanted so although it was very sad it
wasn't it was very humbling of me to
realize that I didn't need all these
things that I confused myself with work
basically distracting me or confining me
to one place because why would you go on
a journey to find something if yet what
you have right now is satisfying you I
have a big car that's got leather seats
and blues and now for mayor it's fancy
when I drag around people look at me and
go
that man successful that kind of does
that complete me does that mean that why
would I want to go and find something
else when I go home to my apartment and
my apartments locally in the slush in it
it's expensive and I have all my things
and my friends come over we go ahead
drinking and we laugh we party and we
eat food and why would I want to give
all that up for one thing the one thing
been happiness being inner peace why
would you do that there's no motivation
to do that well I like that there and
that New Year's night I said to myself
this is the intrinsic motivation this is
it this is key because now I have
nothing I have nothing good nor nothing
bad nothing to stop me from progressing
when you are on the right path you'll
find that the right things starting to
happen because when you're sitting there
in the crappy job doing the cracking
remaining and you're unhappy and you're
sitting there going nothing ever goes
right nothing ever goes right because
nothing is wrong to you goodness and
karma and the essence of you know no
means succession is drawn to you when
you are successful and happy therefore I
had nothing absolutely nothing but the
universe was drawing everything to me
because there was nothing to stop me if
you imagine a mentor this is how I used
to always look at it you were at the top
of one Hill okay
now the way you want to go your next is
up here in order to get up here you
go down the mountain lose everything and
climb the mountain once more of course
when you're up here you're probably
gonna want to go and keep and keep them
keeping keep the key key but that's
another video so after a few months you
know after a couple of what I call like
the winds where I got were kind enough
to let me test go anymore I was looking
to move to a better place to live you
know I started having friends again you
know I was I was really really doing
well in college you know I was doing
things that I never thought possible my
day was filled with the kind of things I
would dream about that might chose not
for me it was like multimedia design
videography animation all that stuff so
for me every day I get up I go into
college and it was like okay guys you
know this is pretty serious today's task
we need to create motion planes to do
some compositing work for some rotor
scoping exercises another like oh my god
this is amazing
this is amazing what I would normally do
in my time when I wasn't working you
know I was doing now as like my main
task in life was to achieve these things
which why would I would do them anyway
and it was so easy for me you know first
year I got like distinction time mark ii
just highest mark when I got my degree I
was like ah nerds I was like top marks
because it wasn't difficult because this
is what I wanted to do you know it
wasn't like I have to study for exams
and all that I probably did like I can
see over here like all these books it's
like I never had books but now I've got
all of these books and these awards and
certificates and degrees and stuff
because it's what I wanted to do I
finally found something that fulfilled
me and it was English doing is
effortless so a couple of months down
the line I'm hanging out guys I head off
to this cocktail bar you know we're
supposed to go to some other club it
didn't work out I was already interested
I didn't really care I have no interest
in finding a girlfriend
because I thought there was just no in
for me there was no one I was ever gonna
meet that would have the same logic that
I do I've had like I don't know like
about 30 or 40 girlfriends and they all
cuz it never works because I think one
way and they think the other way they
just want to do their thing and it's not
going to work because I wanna do my
thing and not many people will think the
way I think you know but lo and behold
because I had lined everything up and I
had put everything in place and I was on
the right path that it was time it was
time for me to meet the one girl that I
ever met in my life
that made me feel complete I never met a
partner never met a girl that I could be
with that I could be Jonathan with I
didn't have to pretend to be like hey or
cold-war someone else I could just be me
that is the most amazing thing I ever
experienced
that's what I think the parents go on
about when they're like just no and I
just knew I walked into Long Island then
you know as long island court and I was
sitting there drinking my mojito and I
looked across and I saw this girl in the
blue dress and I thought wow that is
probably the most amazing looking girl
I've ever seen in my life
with us getting together my train of
thought my motivation my passion was it
you know pushed out to Annan I would
talk about these things and her entire
life has probably changed because she
was just in college doing her thing you
know just just studying Greek and Roman
mythology and philosophy and English and
history itself and I just you know and
she would sit at night and dream about
you know art and fashion and things or
interest or do you think he kept him
those things for a living
you can't really do those things you can
never actually really be one of those
people that's for like the crazy people
the people on TV you know but alas those
people started somewhere when you see an
opportunity it's very important to
obviously like to not just to sit around
and talk about how you're going to do
something where you're going to do this
or I'm going to write this book I'm
going to make this film are gonna do
this you got don't even tell people just
go do it here's the deal here's the deal
that you're making too
yourself okay we're going to capture
we're going to achieve intrinsic
motivation
step 1 X X is going to be a simple task
that you are going to achieve for
example I'm going to put the trash out
on Friday I'm gonna do my homework today
I'm gonna drink a glass of milk next
week I'm gonna just clean up this I'm
gonna do that whatever it is and no
matter how small it is
that is the times that we are going to
accomplish once we've accomplished that
task we go tick you have actually proven
to yourself that you are capable of
doing something small next thing
candide can you repeat that process for
a duration for example for the next two
three four five six weeks every Thursday
morning at 8 o'clock I'm gonna do this
and then walk the dog I'm gonna scratch
my toilet not 5 minutes I'm not gonna
smoke I'm not gonna drink whatever it
may be you can achieve that is it a
career goal do you find yourself in a
job and you're saying to yourself I
could do that job better than that
person how could you do that job better
than a person and what could you do to
ensure that you get ahead of that person
leave you comments and leave the
agreement to yourself and convince
yourself inside your little head that
you guys can achieve anything and don't
like this guy win cuz the guy that he's
gonna be all like mm-hmm
no you cannot you will sit yourself down
young man or young lady and you will
just do the mediocre and you will not
take any risks will god damn you you can
take risks you can achieve anything you
want the world is your oyster
leave your comments about what you're
gonna cheat subscribe I'll be really
nice that loves subscribers because you
know you guys make me happy on the
inside inside subscribers don't forget
to check me out on Twitter com4 choke
jonathan Jolie forms Me Not Me 4 soap
Jon Lajoie you guys got any questions
lay them on and I'll talk to you guys
later bye
