hey guys today I wanted to talk about
something that I get a lot of questions
and comments about especially on
formspring around Twitter what people
ask me you know how did you go to why
did you go back to college or what did
you do or how come you in a second on
what degree do you have and what this
month that so I decide to clarify it up
and let you guys know that you know
going back to college it should be a
decision that you guys make for whatever
reason that you want to you know
complete or succeed in whatever field or
interests you at or if you just want to
go and change the life for example when
I was about I don't know right between
when 18 - school all the way up to about
26 I was just I you know I'd be there
cut up put on scene I went to do a job
and I did that job maybe because I was
kind of like everyone else was doing
jobs like that and I would add I would
go to work you know I would just do a
job and I and all I had to look forward
to was like you know Friday night or
Saturday or Sunday was like the worst
time ever because Monday you gone back
to working did you ever think about the
way you actually think about that
because that's like that's that's it you
know you wake up and if you hate what
you do you don't have to do that you
know it's like when I met Anna and then
I was doing a course that she didn't
really want to do but she's doing it
because she felt that it was like okay
this is what you do you just go on and
do what other people think that you
should do even though you're unhappy you
should just continue doing it but that's
not true because you will not succeed as
successfully if you're not happy now I
was not a genius in school all right if
anyone watched this actually knew me in
school I was not the most intelligent
person I was I was good at sport I was
good at socializing I was good at
parties I had all those aspects covered
but when I couldn't the actual doing
homework or sitting exams I wasn't that
good because I wasn't interested he did
not satisfy me or inspire me whatsoever
I went on and just did whatever I think
I went to college I chose the course
because there was more
in that course so I thought hey this is
gonna be the best course because I have
no interest I didn't I didn't really
feel there was any draw to anything I
was interested in apart from like sports
and then I got into dancing because I
wanted to do it America succeed very
fast I was really good at it naturally
just he just happened it just progressed
and I got into music in a band and stuff
and it was so easy but then at the same
time I lived my life as one person but
then I had a second a person that I used
to pretend to be which that guy would
like you know you talk about business
and you go to work and we fill in forms
and he answer phones because that's what
your parents did or that's what you saw
other people doing in society and you
feel that oh well if that's what
everyone else is in society doing then
that's probably what I should do but not
necessary because unless it makes you
happy there's no point in doing it but I
spent twenty five I got a job working as
a personnel manager for a promotional
company my job basically want us to hire
staff interview the staff will do
castings for it and commercials or the
street advertising or basically anything
that would involve people good lucky
people average people extras you know
just just people that would like going
from handing out flyers and you know it
was any type of job that was more
interesting than sitting at in an office
cuz I've done that as well
now the job was putting I really enjoyed
it I used to go to different events I'd
be invited things on paper it sounded
cool and looks cool but every day when I
went to do this job there was something
energy was something missing you know
III felt incomplete I had a really nice
car I had a really nice apartment I had
a girlfriend I had money I had I had you
know I had a love dog you can say I had
everything but one thing and that one
thing just really really made me feel
incomplete so I would go to work and it
would be guys there don't be like my
management nor my colleague - they
weren't fulfilled by just doing the very
basic of media your taxes like they
would just do their job to the limit
paucity of 95 and I couldn't do that I
felt that I always wanted to take
ownership I always needed to take more
than just the basic you know job I
couldn't do it you know and then you
know as time progressed and certain
things would come up like more design
tasks more immediate tasks and I wanted
to get more involved in those tasks but
I would constantly kind of put back way
other people a lot of people will try
and push you into I start of a molded
and persona that they want you to be
because that makes them feel better
about who they are but let's truth be
told it's not the way because that's
their insecurities being projected onto
you to make sure that you do not succeed
because they are too afraid to succeed
now I did this I went along with it you
know and every day I would go home and
I'd be upset and you know I'm driving my
lovely big fancy eye for a man to go to
my beautiful apartment and my dog and my
fiancee at the time and it all seemed
great and my friends were doing the same
thing but you've always liked the
certain thing it was like going out
drinking or partying or you know I
thought it was born it was born every
night since I was like what 12 years old
or something like you just it gets to a
point where it's boring you know one day
I just I couldn't do it anymore you know
I just couldn't I couldn't take the crap
from people who would always presume
that you are this set molded you know
persona that they wanted you to be I
couldn't do it anymore I said you minds
just say no more you know I got the fear
you know I remembered I still remember
the morning that I went into work and I
sat on my desk
open up answering my emails and I got an
overwhelming sense of something
something was about to unfold something
dramatically in my life is going to
change I know there's a lot of people
were gonna watch that name this guy is I
but it's not it's a sense it's like when
your parents say you'll just know when
you find the right one
well I have finder I want and you know
what I did know back to the story so I
was sitting in work I might have this
overwhelming sense that something was
going to change something needed to
change and I knew it needed to change
and I didn't know what it was going to
be but I felt it was it was a taste in
the air so my lab manager comes down and
my CEO my we have a big conversation and
the outcome at conversation is I decided
to leave the company how am i nothing
but I have just lost my job you know III
was I've got freedom I was excited I
left there excited you know it was like
somebody had released the inner me I
didn't know what was ahead I don't know
what was going on but I knew that this
is not what I wanted to do anymore and I
was free so I went home and I explained
to my barn at the time and what I was
gonna do and I didn't know what I wanted
to do but I knew what I did like you are
used to sit at home every night you know
doing the web design or you know
figuring out a be online reading
tutorials figuring out that guy who's
natural you know I could just do this
stuff I had like the smallest little
camcorder and I'd make a little video as
I cooked him up and waiting for YouTube
time you know but I knew I enjoyed that
I expressed myself a little something
about the expression you know and it
ties back to when I was a child that I
write poetry I write short stories or I
draw I just needed to express myself you
know when I was a kid we used to play in
the garden with a rock and that rock
would be the symbol of an entire empire
of exciting opportunities and epic
adventures we did that Playstations mean
in our television we have not allowed
any of those things so you could just
stuck in a garden and your own creative
nation would explore all that ideas well
in modern society you will just totally
get rid of all those ideas to get about
it like you can have those things that's
the point you can't you can have
anything you want you can achieve
anything you want if you're sitting
there right now watching this video
thinking I can of course you can of
course you can all you have to do is
take a look at yourself and realize what
is it that's holding you down why are
the chains in your life what is it what
are you afraid of because time just goes
by time just move on time is a horrible
and vicious because it does not care for
you it will just continue to move and
unless you find that intrinsic
motivation that one thing that's inside
of you that makes you want to get oh
that makes you want to give everything
on you know I get people ask me silly
questions sometimes like you know that
famous question what would you do if you
win the lottery well I know that sir
that question this anyway it's like I
have no idea because I don't play the
lottery because I don't feel like even
wanna win the lottery because I find
there's no motivation for me to go and
actually fill in a ticket and win the
lottery because how empty would that be
I know you got loads of money what are
you gonna do that you can buy everything
you want I'll keep okay right now
goodbye everything I want I don't want
that many things but then what am I
going to do what am I gonna do hear
about a lot of people that win the
lottery and stuff and just go crazy
because there's nothing there you know
you need to find your path you need to
find the one thing that makes you
sacrifice and sacrifice is key to
actually you know continuing so for me
when I have to job you know sacrifice
when was a job who's the car was the
apartment I even lost my partner I lost
everything I found myself seven or eight
months later in a new town and moved
down to quarter I was working in Tesco's
I never in my life gone and worked like
this kind of a job okay I was always too
proud I was like I'm not going to work
that that's just for the the servants of
something but I have to do it I have to
take all my prior to everything intro it
away
you know tonight's going attic to sit
there you know all they're not enlist
partner but I got paid like five or ten
which like a five or an hour or six of
our minimum wage was you know and it was
really really tough
