hey guys today I wanted to do a video
about weight loss what I was up until I
was about 26 I never even thought about
weight there was just it was nothing I
just never everyday I was just eat
whatever the hell I want to do whatever
I want now I was extremely active so
maybe that held apart and we never
gaining weight but when I was about 27
or something something's starting to
change now I didn't notice it so much
and it was like a little thing it was
like oh my god oh good
alright I'm sorry goodbye like you know
30 t-34s and it was like 30 force were
tight and stuff you're like what the
hell's going on was that about you know
and then once I was in college all I was
doing I had recently gone back to
college anything we didn't know and I
was writing a thesis and I would sit
around all day long you know right you
ready right early still you said you
said you research research study tweeze
your ATAR I mean pizzas and burgers and
especially when we lived in the UK
because they just chuckle Iceland right
and in Iceland it's like you can buy
like a million pizzas for like two
pounds you can buy like a thousand
sausages for like a pound or you can go
up to Tesco and you can get the healthy
fat is solid thing for like a tenner now
when you're a student
what are you going to choose the million
sausages for two pounds or the healthy
salads for 20 pounds
you got to pick the two-pound option
course you're gonna pick the two bad
option because you can just pour it in
the grill and cook it don't prep it
don't do anything you just put it in the
got down thing bomb pops out a couple of
cook sausages young buddy bumps right
you eating all this crack down your
evening you eating it you eaten in
you're not thinking anything of it then
suddenly you know you start to feel a
little bit heavy and you start to notice
like a bit of weight coming on and and
then you know things don't fit anymore I
had I was sitting there I was like holy
crap I am like 13 and I Knox don't I
never mean 13 a sign every mean 12 and I
100 uh-huh
I never even got there so I'm saying
what the hell is this a bad like how
like how am I gonna get rid of that
today
start at the Arby's process of trying to
actually lose the way and it is so hard
but it is actually impossibly hard okay
it's like you don't get weighed in your
arms and chanting nakki your head and it
was just just a funny thing you're like
yeah any guys who watches you don't talk
and masters so good thing it just kind
of pops out you know and it's like you
know I have to cut down and all that
crap you know and I started you know
like Anna's almost vegetarian so we
pretty much never have any red meat
anymore so something like chicken or
something either she makes a lot of like
you know what I mean pasta dishes
without any meat at the start I was all
like what are you talking about woman I
got to eat my meat every day but turns
out you don't have to eat meat every day
or what if I don't know
so you know I stopped I've stopped
eating all the red meat and I stopped
eating I stopped buying all that stuff
from ice and you know I moved away from
all I kind of faster I pretty much don't
need any fast food I don't go to any of
those conveniently things they're
convenient all right convenient you know
and and then it's like walking everyday
and and eventually after about a year I
finally back down to my little slim jim
you actually look at probably the first
video that I made here on YouTube
writing is the ecology do you want you
can actually see now I probably gonna
get like a million you're right right
right comments but you know I don't care
please leave comments tell me I'm bad
don't leave a comment on me unpack lucky
mmm now so my trick about weight loss
this is a couple of simple things walk
just go for a walk you don't need to
join a gym and spend a million pounds a
year on fancy gym equipment and fancy
gym walking stuff and you're on
something just just just walk it's a
natural thing you just go outside the
door walk around the dock you know what
Joe it's actually great get honorees
little buggers
right because every day this little guy
needs a little what not right yeah yeah
every day you gotta walk in so he's a
great factor also trying to run after
Albie what do you steal it's tough
losses definitely helps you know but
sometimes you just you wake up in the
middle of the night and you just say god
dammit I won I hadn't burger right I
remember a couple about two or two weeks
ago I was sitting in bed it's about two
o'clock in the morning and I was just
done I was I was just done it was joke
that was that I needed meat I wanted
 moves I wanted sausages I wanted
bacon in it I want a hamburgers and
chicken burger I want I wanted a pizza
led with hamburgers bacon sausages pour
it on cheese just that's what I want
okay so I get up in a minute I'm like I
spend half an hour looking for like
24-hour ways online this online that
there was nothing nothing was open
there's nothing I could do but alas
there was a 24 hour petrol station
across the road so I paid fair I run
across the road I got like a big box of
sausages a big box of bacon and like
bread and tomato sauce and eluding a
cheese and I made like the most superest
do pourous baking me cheese each time to
be bright thing and I know it's not
gonna be gonna what the hell are you
doing
she doesn't understand she's nothing you
understand you understand you know what
I'm talking about
and I'm like eating this thing or just
big smile on my face there's like food
dripping everywhere
did you have to do that sometimes it's
just you just sick and tired of eating
like sticks and like oh what am I gonna
have for breakfast though frito Breck's
are we he we treat and it's like the
bread it's all like rye and we should
Ryan Ryan wheesh and browse what happens
a white bread I've missed goddamn white
bread white bread when it's flour and
its provenance it's it's texture is
lovely and and doughnuts and cakes and
all these wonderful things now it's all
like well your recommended daily
allowance takes like getting older sucks
okay so if it younger you don't you -
you should eat as much crap as you
possibly can because when you get older
you can't eat that stuff anymore it's
not fair it's just not goddamn fair you
know my brother had a kidney today the
other day brother a kid about
I choose birthdays and and he was
telling me that like when he when his
wife is pregnant that like he put on so
much weight as well because she's like
eating all the stuff you know what he's
thinking you know but I know she's had a
kid so like she's lost a lot of weight
he's like oh what am I supposed to do
now I can't have a kid
can you so Marla's story this folks
he just got down tough work to get rid
of her weight but when you do get rid of
it I think that's when it clicks that's
when you start saying to yourself no I
don't want to eat the fast food anymore
no I don't eat all that crap anymore in
it I actually find myself in a shop I'm
that guy now I'm flipping the stuff all
over and I'm reading like I'm on the
protein to make it did carbohydrates in
an effect on my daily allowance a two
and a half thousand calories and I'm
like when did I become that guy when did
I become that guy okay if you're any
you're that guy you're that girl leave
me a comment let me know of any crazy
situations you have you just freaked out
and said yourself I can't do it anymore
I need sweets oh and I don't get sweets
I don't know man I don't get the craving
for sweets and never it's just if you
watching a show at elevation or
something you just see them like cooking
a big grizzly dirty greasy festive
burger with cheese and stuff either
watching a show last night and it did it
there did some chef Australian chef dude
and he was like everything was like The
Apprentice and then he was like cooking
this big burger right and it was like oh
my god looking at it I'm thinking I say
that I was like oh my god I can feel my
stomach just like churning it was like
rocket salad or or something like that
that's oh definitely you know get rid of
that but no no it's not you know not
nothing nothing for fills the void there
is there is no way to fulfill the void
you know until every now and again you
crack and you have yourself although
what I've started to do now I got a
pizza and I couldn't happen I've half a
pizza half a pizza what the hell is out
of that like you know I'm a manly man
so anyway leave me a comment if you've
experienced an or if you're on a diet
okay leave me comment and let me know
how how's the struggle gone we'll fight
the good fight together people will
fight the good fight together
