hey guys so I picked up heavy rain and
if any of you guys played it yet it's
pretty awesome on the first level it's
really really tough you want to walk
around the mall so that it's tough but
it's like it's really your heart is
pounding you're like yeah or something
all the shops and all oh my god if you
haven't played it it's it's daddy I'll
see you get this cool little thing while
it's installing they teach you how to
make a little arm at origami
little guy it's kind of cool as you can
see the front of the box I recently got
a bonsai this little plant here now I
don't really know much about a bonsai
maybe you guys have a box I do you leave
me a comment or something to tell me how
I'm supposed to take care it is because
the girls in the shop said not to water
in it put on into water like every
couple of months or something and I did
exactly as it said you know what it's
kind of withering now I haven't
yesterday I have it why did the bowl
thing I put water onto the soil but I'll
be concerned that it's just it's just
dying and I want it to look really cool
amount this is the second little tree
you know I'm having trouble of naming it
and everything
heartbreaking as per usual what sort of
food video around its main star hey it
allowed me to say hi ami what what
happened today you're chasing a big fin
what was it huh so I'm sort of a filter
system you videoed it cool I'll give you
the video today alright guys so check it
out
