just changing Alessia and she is in such
a good mood which makes me really sad
because she's getting her shots today
and so I know that's gonna put her in a
bad mood
but she's so happy right now hi you're
so cute
you look just like me yeah I think hmm
and I feel like I don't know maybe your
gums are just really like prominent but
it looks like there's two like they're
not the teeth but you can it's like you
can see the teeth underneath the gum
like the two front ones like the top one
as in you sees the bottom ones that come
first but I don't know why today I just
felt like I could see the two top ones
like really clear like underneath the
gum I don't know am I like going crazy
or maybe I have it wrong or something
because she still seems really young but
she does dribble like not like a lot but
like she does kind of dribble a little
bit like all the time so not looking
forward to bringing her four shots not
for sure it's not gonna be fun at that
but we're gonna do it we're gonna do it
together okay okay yeah yeah I'm gonna
give you some Cal Paul it's gonna be all
good so yeah oh good okay pretty your
eyes they can't see you oh hello you do
security he was so cute this morning she
was sitting in her little trip-trap
the median Eduardo was sitting in there
is watching TV and she was watching them
watch TV and then a media caught up and
like sat on the table like beside her
and she was just like so content because
she was watching her big
stare like it was just so adorable or
she loves it don't you you love it
off you go Alessia you're going to try
your first little slip of kaupo today
but you're also getting some injections
okay but mommy's going to be there
everything's going to be all right right
now she thinks the world's a lovely
place filled with happiness and cuddles
and then she goes and meets the
phlebotomist in America the lighting is
terrible that's my problem
nice alright we're going now I just pop
these in here so I took me in I always
say not what the hell is wrong I call
Alvie Eduardo
I get Alby and acuario mixed up and
immediately let's say I make job how
does their sense than that
anyway might at the time my dad used to
call me mi Eric how all the times I
think you might grab your birthday if
you don't hold your children with it
I do when does it run a porn star was it
Eduardo was born in the 9800 24k job
every birthday yeah that seems born and
the 30th of May March ha immediate yeah
you always remember yeah your first I
remember aisles and snowy she v have a
wrong when did in April 28 Freddy age of
yeah puppies April yeah it was more able
11 this fourth horse you don't allow at
all yeah
Xena doc April a forward port November
4th
no fish my dad's birthday gift no is it
no second yeah I knew it was before I
see your birthday it was right here time
makes an awesome that's great
everybody banger the trick questions pen
or the end of the puppy what do you
understand a time for a buck tips no
fourth of April April yeah so it was a
trick question you already review that
one we're supposed to anyway we're late
I know my friends
anyway yeah I brought unless yet to have
her first vaccinations and she screamed
such a sign afterwards um the only thing
is right she bled because they didn't
give me a plaster why do they put the
cot one on a flat time chick in cotton
wool and I was like holding it and then
I thought is going to come back with a
plaster you told her they usually do or
and they did it and if you met all over
her baby bro like I couldn't do anything
about it because she's like okay you can
dress the baby now and I was like okay
so I'm sort of hold these
- since you got shot in two legs both
legs I was like okay like the book no
okay that's like I'm not she would fine
all right look these are a little cherry
well these are the big chairs that we've
got and these are the ones that I bought
in a petrol station they're so cute
that's Eduardo the one the little hippo
one and this one you can open it up huh
this is Amelia pink one do you remember
them Amelia this one slow inside I'll go
to some new car parking again okay
I probably parks terribly about a
terribly part easy what you think first
time a new car I remember telling me hot
really nice yeah company drama I mean
yeah cuz job he's company car oh like I
was in the line was in the line how did
I doing this but yeah inside the box me
guess I was good I was a bit scared it
disappointed about this sort of stuff
here that came from the world you know I
need it I need it into our driveway yeah
okay hi we're going to read a musician
it's join the band guys want to I'm
bringing a band back together
oh my god imagine I did that about to
buy my together too much of a good thing
already
you so much fun yeah you guys would love
it no you wouldn't trust me trust me I
found myself blogging testing making
music that's my thing now and I just
woken up from her nap I'm very happy
today
Oh guys I just got back in the car and
some bird has pooped on my car
who is no what is it who did it oh good
look here
I'm bringing the car back ruined it ah
it's a leopard
oh my goodness
you guys are cute there's a baby making
noises and says she wants the toys is
Cruz's roses
oh we top little Alessia wake up little
Alessia wake up let's see yeah please
we're top so let's see yeah I see it's
Friday evening slide Avery and guess
what friends I don't know if any of you
care for orange is the new black just
got released on Netflix 13 episode 13
hours Turner on noon for the next 13
hours ready okay she um I'm very excited
about that fact out the fact Ellen she
got her did he tell you she got her
shots today no we told you that she's
not very happy did the funk align I
don't know
I fried and he got a drink alone on
Friday Alessi is doing the old boob boob
drinking over there I'm gonna crack this
open Lutz yeah Friday hi
I even have a glass don't even have the
proper ding thank you thank you hey boy
oh boy I always forgot about this one
I'm going to try and keep this one no to
elasti his 21st birthday or something we
got this bottle of champagne when she
was born I was like that's pretty cool
so we gotta keep that person this one is
for Dwyer to 21st Thanks
Thank You V whoa it's such a good
brother he always looks after his sister
yeah you looking a little high knees he
always makes a stop crying
CLE hi
let's go say hi stroke so she can see us
be very far away yeah yeah you see your
favorite little sister you know the way
media is your big sister well you're her
big brother
mmm
the kitty cat you know
she looking at you she she loves her big
brother you're her favorite brother did
you know that she when you're ready to
take home whatever you want her hand
when you put your finger in she bitchy
grasp this hey he did it
John you kissing their foot hey who
wants to give the baby her medicine yeah
okay excuse you're hangin from Norfolk
yeah they're so tired and cranky we need
to give her some medicine she doesn't
really like it because it's a bit
different and she's a bit small hi no no
no damn Dan otherwise you can't do it
quick otherwise you can't do it yeah
good boy okay okay dr. Amelia and dr.
Eduardo
she was okay if I don't upset her before
her bone upset her before her medicine
please yeah okay how are go I love cows
I'm gonna wait hey you did this boy
genius wish you love it now okay
is all of that right yeah your turn
you're never going Melia hey let me let
Emilia have a go your you cronikeys
Jesus hearing you backpack we can have
turn you can all have turn it's a bit
different from the breast milk you
thinking to herself he's not even crying
better America your doctor the media
you're going to be a doctor when you go
up a pediatrician it will be handy if
you became a pediatrician then you can
look after an white Eduardo's Frankie
what are not kids
I think I'm into children his
grandchildren
Curtis after the waters grandkid
smudging that look like they're pretty
watching this right now
hello this is your grandfather John
Devine time excessive losing and your
vision
my animal the animal is everywhere die
she works
oh boy I'm excited I'm excited orange
blue black animals animals might have
some reach puff pieces I lasted a while
though I bought that at the ballet show
oh you're backless I'll be I'll be right
there
hi oh hello Ali do you mind going inside
is that all right
it's okay we didn't hear into your plans
hey blue I hear nice um blue butter
darling right so I'm feeling like a cup
of tea
oh this is the cup of tea that I like
for her because Anna on the other hand
is different
okay she likes the vanilla chai hi
try let's go slide kick don't ring ding
oh that's us in the bag the box and the
7th of pieces I won't treat myself lads
to something mental oh wait Thank You
viscous
Oh
