it was about a year ago when we found
out that then I couldn't have children
it's great right difficult time in our
life we freaked when I first saw him we
just couldn't get over how tiny he was
still feet yeah his little nose his eyes
he's just so adorable I just knew right
there
he was the win for us yeah he does sweep
in our bed you know we tried everything
but he just he won't sleep in his own
little room and so no bet you just cried
all night if he does so almost year
later he's still in the same meta
thoughts during the day but I would work
he either stays with my sister or he
goes to daycare
yeah we've been a great daycare in here
where we live and he has a lot of
friends there and he seems to really
enjoy it he's of t-shirts and jumpers
like I keep the stuff it isn't
I got an actually yeah just like this
it's so cute were like father and son
we're at the park they're always saying
like oh look I keep you guys that oh he
has changed our lives in more ways than
we ever could have imagined being dads
it's everything to me
yeah and being a mom is everything to me
he's just the best little boy we ever
could have wished for it
