I've been getting a lot of questions on
formspring and Twitter mainly formspring
and one of the questions you guys asked
was about tattoos and someone asked me
can I please make a quick vlog and
explain the origin of each of the
tattoos I was kind of wandering around
the world looking for my place to fit in
and do anything I had unique to
everybody else is my surname so I was
trying to find my own identity and then
I kind of developed on start off this
one over here took like eight hours or
so it really really really hurts it was
so painful many one says you but you're
so hurt they are either like Superman or
they're lying the first one to I ever
got which is on my back which is a
dragon which has carpe diem beside it
which is like you know cease today I
went to this little like place down in
where is it thing is like Thomas Street
or somewhere in kind of North City
Dublin area I had a clue but anything a
little naive SEC Dublin they're coming
in sir please first thing to do right if
they put this little like it's like a
traceable tattoo on your back you know
so the guy was like yeah sure and he he
printed off like a photocopy or print
the design and then they put the stencil
on you and they rub it in and then they
take off the stencil and then they kind
of draw around or a pen and when he'd
finished it I was like oh I didn't hurt
too much you know what what you've been
complaining about it doesn't hurt it up
but it turned out that that was just the
actual stencil drawing and how rude of
me
you guys want a coffee after getting
this pencil on the guy was like okay I'm
going to section at you now you know and
I was like ah nuts now he's gonna start
it oh my god the anticipations
yeah idea he just don't know what the
hell has happened and you're lying there
of backwards in this chair right this
guy is like got this like he's right
okay hold on a second you did you picked
up this big needle gun and you're like
what the hell is that for
I don't want one of them you know and
it's like we got it scary enough right
he's like pull turn it on you're like
you gonna turn it off I mean you're
gonna turn it on he's like
like what and just like digs it into
your back
I suppose they got to do their job you
know they got to get the tattoo done and
overweight but you definitely feel as
you'd like million to your back then he
doesn't care he just does not care at
all that my feelings
how I'm doing at that exact moment
because he's like you know and it's like
doing your mind works for your whole
pleasure pain thing inside the second
and end you don't even know about it
it's like I wasn't too bad
so he's like and he takes it away
tonight oh actually I could probably
keep behind oh I could probably oh I can
probably and it's just a vicious cycle
it sounds crazy because not only do you
have to go through the pain of getting a
tattoo done you don't have to go to the
local chemist and say hello I'd like
some hemorrhoid cream please you know
and they give you this funny luck as
you're twitching because your arm is
bloody and man pain you know here we got
tattoos like leave a comment for your
own experience of how utterly painful or
how Superman is for superwoman is that
you are like you ever watch that show
Miami Ink and you know the guy like him
alright however he's talking Wayne it's
like oh yeah just like I'm gonna like
drill into this person and the person is
like telling their big long story about
how I don't know something sad or
something happy or what glorious moment
they had inspired him to get a tattoo
and they just lying there like no I'm
sure of like Discovery Channel I think
that's a shoots it I'm sure there's a
whole production crew standing around me
as a gentleman I try my darndest not to
look like a girl but still I think I
feel a tingling of a giant needle
sticking into my skin putting ink in my
village when I was in court my decision
to go to court basically was because I
wanted to change my life forever idea
was no longer wanted to
you know do like business e-marketing
and all that kind of stuff I didn't want
to wear seal it anymore I didn't want to
do a job that I didn't feel a hundred
percent passionate about because I was
24 years old and I realized that I was
gonna do this job by forever this is
this is my life every day all I have to
look forward to was like Fridays
go ahead Saturdays and cry every Sunday
night cuz he's Monday morning you gonna
have to do it again I got some
fulfillment I was successful when I did
but who's never it was never who I was I
was wearing the skin of another person
so you know I went back to college and I
wanted to change my life and after
cheating the first year I realized that
you know I did really well and I was
going to continue I was gonna do this
you know and I said if I ever got to the
point where I could live the life that I
want to do I would customize myself to
the way that I felt that I should be
portrayed
so I finally done it I finally completed
the first year in college and I felt I
felt really good about myself and I
wouldn't wanted to express that in in
customizing my own body so I decided to
get a tattoo that I would no longer be
able to cover up where the t-shirt
because all of the other ones I had like
you very easily hide them you know
because that was easy I could go to work
and I could be like this like suit kind
of guy and it wouldn't really matter but
now I'd have no way of actually hiding
who I was what was I slide moves of cork
and I decide to get a tattoo done and I
wanted to get one that I couldn't hide
anymore when wearing a t-shirt as you
can see here it's like that's it there's
no getting away from it that man is a
criminal and a sailor that's what I'm as
dad used to say I went into this am uh
roamed around cork and I kind of wanted
to find someone that would do the job I
wanted to but I didn't I didn't want it
to be like I don't know I felt that now
I'm like 26 years old I was like very
mature and I could make good decisions
and I didn't want to have to go to some
sort of like cheapo place I wanted any
get like someone to it so I roamed
around I found out like who's doing the
best of the kind of work that I wanted
an attorney I just French did down um I
have no idea things of anything anymore
Dean Court he's off the big long street
with the corner thing and he's got the
markets and then the opposite side of
the markets
market-town so I went in there I got it
done it took like five or six hours it
was really really painful but I got half
a ton I basically got the outline I was
initially gonna color this in and she
can see here in a light shade of gray I
was gonna put a drop shadow on it and
then it was gonna fill the other size
with a white therefore would give a
lovely sort of like contrasting look to
it but after getting the original part
done
I wasn't that hugely impressed with the
guys work I don't know if you guys can
see that if this'll even let you focus
but there's a couple of lines that I'm
not very happy with so I decided I
wasn't going to continue doing any work
with him because you know it was like
you don't have to you know it's like
whatever like I can do whatever I want
it's my body then that was I think I got
that during the week I met Anna it was
in and around the time I met Anna
because we definitely why do I even
bother why do I bother sorry I should
let Hannah tell this story because she's
so experiencing everything Wow so it was
around the time that we met you know we
hadn't as I was about to say we hadn't
actually been together yet so it was an
inner end time we were hooking up
you all know the truth you don't know
that sir and she's got like 20,000
subscribers not got like 2,000
subscribers so clearly that's eating
thousand more people are gonna listen to
Hannah over me you know leave your
comment if you believe me will you
believe Adam I'm pointing that in here
but it was a lot of pointing down here
because Hannah's down there now I don't
mean like that here isn't like sitting
on the floor I mean like all the way
down there she's cleaning my mess
clearly Claire she should be she said be
you know yeah I'm talking about you know
I couldn't like it you know it's weird
you know it's like everybody I get so
many comments aren't you gonna call it a
cap to win by so if anyone's gonna ask
that question like like I like it I like
it the way it is I do then after I had
completed my higher National Diploma in
multimedia I really felt that you know I
was gonna go on and I was gonna do a
degree and I had achieved a lot and I
got the thing yeah I got like top marks
oh yeah and I was like okay I want to
celebrate that I wanna do something else
you know and I remember I used to say
like was I such a little dweeby romantic
or all my girlfriends need to say like
if you look up at the same stars I'm
looking up didn't we're like looking at
each other
oh but anyway these stars used to mean a
lot to me because I've seen you
everywhere I go and then I'd move to
Arlen and whatever wherever I was I'd
always CD started no I don't know it
just meant something to me no so hence
the stars now what I was going to get
this done um Anna actually drew D's on
for me using mascara as you can tell
these you guys got any questions hit me
up on formspring links in the side bar
that's the one and then don't forget
Twitter's in the sidebar or as people
say did you really do it seems to be a
popular description of the sidebar
recently by equals 3 or mr. guitar so
I'm not trying to like jump into the
gameplay but do what I do
I kind of like it it's kind of catchy
anyway subscribe rate comment
all that stuff just just just do it okay
just do it
