why would you want a tripod for your
iPhone seriously
it's got something that
maths science history I'm travelling mr.
week that's all started with the Big
Bang geese were like about 10 or 15
minutes possibly 20 minutes into our
search to spend our 3 pounds on Amazon
Nakota you can't which sounded that
started out as like probably the best
idea I've ever had in my life I have
gone through 14 pages of cables oh I'm
not getting a computer game's not
getting speakers not getting cameras
clicking get a whiteboard what else is
there what am I missing
toys figurines I got three tenacious the
elves its tenacious the Wonder Boy and
pick a destiny and that leads me to one
pound and 74 cents so it looks like
music is the way
okay so I've just realized that you can
just like download the album Amazon mp3
download Oh everything's changed
what's one song I don't know ones on one
album
goodbye that reinventing the music video
like
what's an audiobook this is probably the
most painful and difficult thing I've
ever tried to accomplish in my life
Cindy I know I can get something good
and still getting a little time so I'm
thinking if I can get a group of little
toys then I can make a little fun
stop-motion video look is cost 20 cent
delivery for 50 so I'm choosing between
a family character finger puppet and elf
and finger puppet
a crocodile finger puppet or a bad time
finger puppets now you see the bad time
finger puppets is actually for I think
it's for little finger puppets okay so I
can't even buy the finger puppets
because about ten cents of the price
that I need and I can't find ten cents
I'm even looking like Amazon just can't
find your Center I spent two hours two
and a half hours and I tried to buy
things tied by anything I tried buy a
farm and socks and teddy bears and toys
the CDs and music and there's actually
absolutely no way to do it but it just
feels like god dammit I got that extra
four pounds in there and there's nothing
I can do
why is it no Amazon that ie doesn't
Amazon probably Europe but that's no
good that's no good for me at all have
you guys got any ideas of what I could
do with my three pounds of 78 pens leave
a comment if you guys have ever been in
a similar situation where you've got a
remaining balance on a voucher and you
just can't get rid of it guys don't
forget to hit me up on Twitter
twitter.com forward stroke Jonathan
Julie
