hi guys welcome to the flu have you ever
been in a situation where you
introverted ly sabotage things for
yourself I'm here on your own sort of
destructive path
I bet low with the situations in my life
where just because I've been impulsive
or had no patience I've gone and
destroying chances of anything ever
happening for example hey guys
on my arm so excited I meant to say fear
today man she's so perfect was that
beautiful she gave me a phone number
self I'm gonna text it see how it works
out hey babes the guy from the bar wanna
hook up
we're not working with them and probably
check my I say there's probably a
problem on media it's probably a problem
of media maybe maybe I maybe I'll
texture again just just just in case if
I reboot the phone maybe if I send her
flowers this is like ping gradients I'm
kinda interested in you I'm pretty
interested in you I want to meet your
parents that's what we're after
somewhere fancy somewhere she'd enjoy
yeah
I'll cook all that and not surprise her
that's probably I don't what it is the
phone probably doesn't work
second Marengo hey this is what she's
probably doing right she's probably like
God I'm a number and ringing me ringing
it's not right is it worth
hello hello echoey okay that you alright
you know it's me you know thinking about
I don't even like her
you know what fish in the sea for me
yeah I can tell me do better than her
yeah do you know what her show her hell
yeah bye bye I have a booking tonight
for two people yep that's a girl really
hot girls I met but I'm gonna count that
booking mm-hmm to lose my deposit that's
okay that's okay because she's not good
enough yeah yes sorry sorry right didn't
appreciate that you know I'm gonna text
her I'm gonna tell her that she's not
she's not the boss of me you know she's
not in control okay she's not in control
where did she text me when I'm texting
out maybe I'll stand on the line just in
case she texts me at the same time you
know she is like not that I care I care
it off
- its Africa hello yes
sure yeah no you had two dinners spoke
to know I am give no problem okay bye so
it turns out she was just busy and
hovering the restaurant back oops
