hey guys
so Bioshock 2 is being released this
morning I'm gonna head down to extra
vision I'm gonna trade up two games and
get my shot for free what do you guys
think of trading them I always think
like should I buy them but then I've got
like a mountain of games I have so many
PlayStation games I wanted to point
something out here this morning I went
and I picked up Bioshock 2 for the last
20 minutes or so this is what I've been
looking at please wait
even stalling I'm a little PlayStation
expert technical maker man but it's
pretty crap mean I got excited when I
heard a little music playing I'm
thinking yeah this game was pretty
kick-ass I got the Big Daddies and all
but it's just loading he's just
installing he's just installing it's
just gonna install forever I'm just
gonna turn off the plays Ami's if it
doesn't hurry up and install finally
installed so let's see
it's okay because unless today he gets
up knew he can't sit down like this
morning had to go off to do some stuff
with Anna for a bulk and then then we
had to go and drop the dog off now I
have to go and collect the dog again and
I finally got the game loaded and I have
to go at it again so typical you know
it's gonna happen I'm gonna get home
later on and Anna's gonna be all like
you can't play that that's really
violent I'm not for killing children and
with using a biochar - did you write
Bioshock 1 Denis the little kids you got
the adopted kids you can adopt the kids
to kill the kids I adopted most of the
kids
shaycarl tttt I love a TT nervous
remember what that stands for them
traveling tripods maybe finally hoping
to play a paper piyo shot but one never
knows like who else is here
oh who got a haircut who got a haircut
yeah I also wanted to say a big thank
you very much everybody because I have
now 1000 subscribers I think I've a
thousand and three come on Ali
let's play some Bioshock first I think I
need to drop you down to mommy
mm-hmm yeah
