hi guys welcome to the floof have you
guys ever wondered what goes on inside
the head of a hater we've taken the time
to translate some of those hater
comments for you are so freaking ugly
how are you even allowed on YouTube I'm
too insecure to have my own YouTube
channel I'd like to make videos but I'm
afraid of getting hater comments you
might need to lay off the chocolate
pocket Jonathan I wish I give you as
many chocolate pockets as you and still
maintain that beautiful figure how dare
you mention my username I am so happy
that you gave me a shout-out in this
video you can come back and let the
comments know everybody knows that it's
me that they're talking about therefore
getting more attention why did you even
make this channel you are so boring and
your videos are so retarded oh my god
I'm so happy that you made this channel
now I actually have something to do with
my life I hate you I love you I wish you
would not I wish you were my boyfriend
and what the hell do you mean
anyways you've been named I wish I could
speak a foreign language with you after
all this time one day she's gonna wake
up and realize that you are a total
loser I'm so much better than Anna
please break up an Anna and go out with
me please
you look like a deformed gremlin and
your teeth are disgusting and yellow go
fix them and get some surgery done and
get your stupid sorry ass off youtube I
have such low self-esteem that I feel I
need to protect my insecurities onto you
what the hell is your job anyway like
what are you even doing on YouTube
shouldn't you be at work
I've recently become unemployed and had
nothing else to do of my life but watch
youtube videos get a life I wish I had
one you are like so disgustingly ugly
looking at you makes me want to vom my
parents never told me I was pretty as a
child so I feel they need to tell others
they're ugly
oMG shaking a puppy like that I love you
I'm totally reporting you
and I'm gonna put up a Twitter campaign
to month up from your channel right away
I'm gonna take this opportunity to
create loads and loads of drama to get
more subscribers and to have loads more
attention oh my god you should totally
get a life if you think that you're even
close to funny I just watched your last
video and I have never laughed so hard
in my life
well can't even if that well another way
to talk is that that is like so retarded
I wish I had an accent
and sounded unique like you oh my god
stop telling me to rate 5 stars just
because you're including your keep puppy
in this video I think you're boring this
is the most boring video I've ever seen
so I'm gonna read it one star thank you
very much I wish I had a cute puppy like
Albie I hope that gave you some insight
into the mind of a hater so leave me
some comments and let me know the worst
here comments you guys have received and
maybe in the next video we'll translate
them for you oh yeah and don't forget do
with that test
