hi guys welcome to la floof how do
people know what number blade to get
your hair cut out because everyone else
going before me was like yeah give me a
number to give me number four and give
me number three number six and I was
like I just want a haircut well scissors
snip it if Nick I'll be tell them you
tell them which I today is alvey's ninth
month birthday happy birthday well what
daddy's back to me Oh as a mofo we saw
functional simple workstation simple
assembly instructions please keep a few
efforts how anyone puts all of it it
would be using to ask someone to help
you at this stage at this stage that
stage one stage winner asking me to call
a friend what the hell is stage two
that's why I feel about that so why is
it every time you get a flat pack or
something like that you get like
leftover that's just built what the hell
is this took what use has this got in my
life this lovely monstrosity that I
can't get rid of looking for like addy
addy I think was like the back section
and setting any addy I got two c's so
then they expect you to bring it back
but you're not gonna bring it back why
are you gonna bring it back do you know
how much work it took to actually
at the desk out of Argus into a trolley
which I kinda have to steal from Tesco's
desk those are looking at me a bit funny
because I was like running out and
testicles in a trolley and they're all
like what do you do in my trolley I'm
like I'm just thinking it call it out if
you're get to keep the button it's a
beautiful I don't think they listen to
me but how I never it happened I did it
we took care of it I got home eventually
and of course wouldn't even get out of
bed to get out of the house to come and
give me a hand because she was doing her
hair so I had to go and carry every
single piece of wood back here myself
broke my back broke my legs broke my arm
spoke my heart so I'm sitting there put
the whole thing together realize the
massive big Caputi and I'm like one of
my supposed to do roller sexo am I
supposed to take apart all the work that
I have already put into it take it the
screws that I've screwed in unscrew them
and the hammering and the unclipping of
the clips and put it back in the box and
bring it back down to the car park from
steal another Charlie fantastico and put
the artist thing in there and bring it
all the way back to Argus to go up to
customer service to say to them I'm
mission somewhat because the response
would be very simple although we do
appreciate your customer service sir we
here in August when able to facilitate
or warrant service because the package
has been opened if the fact it wasn't
open then maybe we'll be able to do
something for him because blacks does
mean homage doubts we got proof that you
were a person actually brought something
in there and I'm all like oh yeah that's
no problem I'm going to change this
could somebody claimed to me what this
is because I'm not a builder man okay
but how does a screw work without having
any like
tourney bedrock okay keep the screws
he's a screwy der he's screwing bad he's
like a screwdriver screwdriver something
that drives the screw this move that's
why I got a screwdriver alright guys so
as usual do it this
