the iPad says I'm pretty garden jealous
you might like one please daughter dawn
dawn oh we got with it
whoo dude check it out man they got an
iPad today and it comes in this pretty
sweet little padded envelope thing it's
like totally awesome man check it out
let me just take this iPod arms
no hurry dude that part anyhow check it
out mmm
something so I can like totally like
check-in my friends
hi guys welcome to the flute today I
have in my possession that is pretty
darn cool thank you to each and every
single one of you you and you you you
you what you guys smack on observe
country
fibery dimple felt Abby can you explain
to the viewers what you're doing oh just
having some cheese and McCambridge you
would seem how they watch this that's
from them those guys say thank you
what's your best score in solitaire my
best score is 725 my brother got about
seven hundred thirty one time and I was
really going to beat me but we're about
five years or so I've been like mucking
the ballots are there I've never beat
735 sorry you know if you can beat 735
maybe you can if you have leave a
comment if you haven't leave a comment
either way leave a comment everyone is
these competitions it together a little
sentiment subscribe or something right
okay that's good let's push the roof up
folks I'm looking at that thousand when
I get attached to subscribers I'm gonna
have a little competition I have no idea
where the competition is going to be for
hey you might even win Alvie pretty good
Jen's not gonna win I'll be certain
results in a riddle nobody actually got
the answer to this nail but yes the
horse's name was Wednesday is everybody
yes I hear you wall horse's name was
Wednesday the town remained the same and
the night continued onwards but the
snail
ah the snail was not solved what we have
is a snail a 20-centimeter hole every
day the snail moves up three centimeters
oh honey falls two centimeters there for
one day
he is achieved that is correct
one centimeter so what's going to happen
on the 17th day let's skip ahead to 1701
the seventeenth day he's like
climbing up huh
but I'm at the top
silly carbs in the South because why is
he gonna fall down another two
centimeters if he's already outside I
won so don't forget to rate subscribe
and comment pretty much exactly what
this is about to tell you to do
