welcome mastizaade it has lasting
welcome everybody
sighs rusty said one two three four five
six seven eight nine times left a shame
well it doesn't mean yeah it's a lovely
son have you got a son go so welcome
everybody to the big deal
young digital actually xss cut cut cut
welcome everybody
anything welcome everybody I'm
practicing one two three four five six
seven eight nine ten times less to sing
one two three four five well done
welcome to you sing time did you just
lie be anyway guys today and me know
what today I got to I am I came yeah it
also has a yellow t-shirt but I think he
has he was a vest definite into school
and changes but both of their sports
things because they're both lower school
juniors and seniors opens hey yeah yeah
yeah that's exactly in time and opposite
sides of the vehicle
it's gonna like go and we're gonna have
to run from one side to the other
thank you thank you now have we have
wheat not right you didn't agree I ain't
one of my well soon as your grades guys
you can put out bugs on video we watch
out bugs in the morning hog balls oh yes
there first
every sports day I'm so happy for them
come what say we get also cactuses oh
yeah but that practice but today is the
race it's going to be like arguable I
don't know that we're ascending on your
mark get set go you're gonna run like
the wind doing onions it is clearly an
egg and spoon race did you get to eat
the egg afterwards Oh what
don't drop the egg I'll be on the
sidelines cheering you on ha
because there was actually real egg okay
it's a car I eat your break up bastard
come along no no one I am that everybody
oh good job mister alright let's put on
the off bugs and she's watching the ad
yeah knowledge-sharing
carpool karaoke right and I was thinking
do you know we'll be amazing Harry
Styles and then cheering clap just
saying just saying I think that would be
really good you know right here dirt I
think that folks I think ask for too
much you favorite at lowland but I think
I'll be really good mmm to say this Jake
James can come too
but I'm just said just putting that down
okay like directed it back oh my
goodness so she's gonna meet me on one
side Eduardo I did I said I'll be there
some morning Oh No thank you both Marky
so sports day is over I mean it did so
well I mean it came first in one of her
races huh whoa let me see that let me
see that gold medal
what champion champion now we're heading
back look at this champion baby huh gold
medal baby hmm she won first time still
a jigsaw Oedipus ah okay so this is the
song of chop off the bottom edge of the
top and my name is Cora Leone and this
is what it is going to be like to
posture talking and chop off the top
what we have left your pretend good pop
chop chop the teacup dear interests we
failed you today because we went to a
sports day but we still love each other
don't we
yeah how much you love me right now
more than I did 10 years ago
woo we were talking about how difficult
it is with the old children makes that
makes everything a bit of a challenge
right here
no you're just doing as sometimes you
feel that like as life goes on it gets
more complicated you know sometimes you
got to work on not tripped it you know
that's what I have so much my hope for
this year for the future you know we
finally get our house sorted we finally
are able to be a family again more so
you know which is really complicated at
the moment because we're working on so
many projects but the goal of all of
those things is that we eventually get
to be closer as a family you know and go
on a boat not sure if that's happening
do not mean Bianca I love to bring them
imagine okay no you come being here okay
alter too many responses there is be so
amazing
we bought Benjy my family does nothing
what God I know and what if one of them
fell off well let me know one let don't
wave it on what about you huh
Bianca I'm gonna build a swimming pool
in my house okay you're gonna learn to
swim pretty who'd you think you'd be
back to work
I'll be okay Nevaeh oh she is isn't she
yeah that's right actually two more last
summer we had the big oh it's another
profile picture daddy
Ready Steady Cook we actually took a who
do we have in last night Bianca sank and
Nevaeh
yeah they woke up
I hope you want to hold her uh-huh
Sandra I know get her bow hey I'll put
the dog in the boat Yankee do not take
another step
do not take another step think you don't
treat the pool don't drink the pool
don't take the pool Amelia okay
these girls will do late so we have we
don't actually have we don't own any of
the Twitter accounts of our dogs that
are Edward already instagrams but they
all have twittering cassadine cat
whoever the Twitter whoever runs
Bianca's Twitter she is like so funny
she's always without as though you're
very funny on Twitter - is it here -
Hugh yeah you have a phone in your crate
there no and your side pass ODI pad yeah
how do you make a turn on how did your
homework yes I have my way you have here
mm-hmm
hello Bianca Navy you're a special one I
know is it there's going to be a short
with today folks because basically we're
at sports day for most of the day I now
record in life and I mean low is there
like work stuff to do so unfortunately
it's a short one today you've anything
to say to prolong the inevitable ending
so pity that you can't like show I know
I know
Laura was saying that as well thank you
oh yeah Anna's friends are over there
kids as well so which is going on in
your friends like there's only one
miserable right it would show me alone
the friends no I as in there were only
one over oh yeah yeah but it was like
you want to see like the kids running
and like a funny-looking one
Emilio could you do it one or two she
definitely one one one one for sure I
think the other one might have been had
time but that's like and even the
principal I was having a chat with you
mean he said he's like Amelia shown
great promise I hesitated for her age no
sir not do you know do you know her
father I was an athlete and it wasn't
like the racing like it wasn't the fast
running it was like the obstacle one
yeah yeah she's able to traverse
cleverly she's able to like focus mm
going to be back once the best no it's a
gift drop again they all get dropping it
and then at the end she's running along
with it like this it's not a NATO it up
like and then we got into deck chairs I
don't any all so with your deck slips me
boss decades yeah you never got to see
them because we use them in today's
video yeah yeah but their little pink
butterfly want to do it ever I know when
I'm is quick keep sitting in it and it
was like Amelia with me over sixes
holding toppled over in spaces like wow
like you can I wish you got that on
camera
his face was told money and then I asked
him what the best part of his his sports
day wanted you to be take the paper cuts
he had and so that that's what he always
a GP or day I don't beat me listen well
anyway from us here at saucony Jolie
headquarters we wish you a Merry
Christmas the dolly girl is gone that I
fell I go to go anyway alright good
night friends I'll see you tomorrow
we'll make a better our first full did
you detect me whoa
ah
