hi guys welcome to La flu Erin you guys
get her riddles a cowboy rides into town
on Wednesday he stays one night
he rides out again on Wednesday how is
this possible
just a note there is no time warp
Stargate flux capacitor anything like
that in process here what's the answer
to the riddle a little snail is down a
hole the hole is 20 centimeters deep in
order for the snail to get out of the
hole he's going to have to climb 20
centimeters but every time the snail
climbs three centimeters he falls to
spend two meters there for how long is
it gonna take for the snail to get out
of the hole hey if you guys know the
answer leave a comment below and if you
don't know the answer
read the comments below because you'll
probably read the answer doctor how I'm
gonna work that's because if you
actually write the answer in the
comments below other people will
probably just copy your answer but you
could be wrong and everybody could copy
the wrong guy you ever do that in school
where you'd like cheat up someone else's
homework and then that person got it
wrong and then you got it wrong and then
then actually why did you get it wrong
and you got it wrong because you copied
it er person that happened to me a
couple of times you guys can follow me
on twitter by the way I have a Twitter
account that's Twitter board stroke
Johnson Jolie if you guys read about
formspring taught me ass that one up her
name is like Anna saucony and you guys
can ask questions anonymously I said one
up two just called Jonathan Jolie you
can I can honestly just ask questions
and people answer it you can either
leave that you are the person that asked
the question you can just randomly ask a
question whatever you want just go ahead
and ask
it's like Twitter but it honest
anonymous
what's in there another lie - you guys
said teaching the dance thing don't
worry I am working on that I have to
make up routine I think I'm gonna do it
- Anna's a doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo
because you cheap are very particular
about royalty-free music and what music
you can put up in YouTube so we already
have the rights and permission to use
dad's music evil one must care I
remember I shooting this commercial once
and I had this director working with me
and every time we would start the
rolling of the film rail he'd actually
forget to lock the tape and actually
print any picture so I don't know what
made me think it is but I just thought
it was really funny um okay he's stable
in position
yeah okay all right markers check okay
it was a good take that was a good take
let's just go ahead and wrap that up
again all right
so and markers okay and bread that's a
wrap
yeah no dough needs checker we'll just
go ahead and look at that back in the
studio and of course when we go back to
the studio it was a very upsetting time
guys don't forget to did usual the
braiding and the commenting and
subscribing and recently someone who
might have you about favoriting it's
favoring something you guys do in
YouTube
I think my favorite in a couple of
videos but I never thought it was
something that you actually did so if
you want to go ahead and favorite it put
it in a little favorite pile and have a
little favorite box your favorite
YouTube videos or some days you can open
it up and dip it out mm-hmm this one's
taste good this is my favorite video
let's throw that over there because hey
