hi guys welcome to the flute rental to
tears from one ask me why don't I call
my channel love loop blood flow means
the fluff the fluff was originally a
character that I used for an animation
and I start talking about my hair being
fluffy and we came up with 87 ask me in
relation to my last video if you looking
for some of my examples my graphic
design interactive media or anyway
animation works you can check out my
other channel is Jonathan Joey I'll put
a link in the sidebar you can just check
jobs enjoy that calm holy man looms that
my only talent was being I didn't know
being a practicality I know a lot of
talented people watch crazy ask me
what's been a music video I cashed in
let me tell you ten even a badge don't
fret her song it's choking in a music
video can be found on my website
Jonathan Joe calm buggy seven eight you
asked me what is the best use of her
time in the water with her kids the best
thing to teach a child when first
experiencing water is about floating and
putting their head under the water it's
not much you can reach a child that age
other than floating and being
experienced and feeling comfortable in
the water like anything yeah you learn
something the easier it is I think I've
noticed recently when looking at my
views although I may have seventeen to
twenty types of views on my channel I
don't have that many comments rating or
subscribers so I'm starting to realize
that people are watching in and not
subscribing rating and commenting this
is a problem so what I like you guys to
do is that from now on every time you
watched my videos make sure to subscribe
great in common if I start seeing views
and I don't see comments rating in
subscriptions me and YouTube we're gonna
find your IP address we're gonna check
you down and we're gonna find out why
are not subscribing commenting and
rating because subscribing commenting
rating is a very important aspect of
YouTube if you don't subscribe comment
and rate well we'll get very good
seventh you will say after meet
subscribe comment great they it's
subscribe comment rate subscribe comment
rate your there you're not saying it
subscribe comment rate hi guys and
welcome to knows the men like me like to
drink manly coffee
I'm not on no style diet that's because
I'm a man I also like to play the
PlayStation cuz I'm a guy and I'm cool
he was me when I was in the band I was
really really cool that's me the one in
the hop
here's the
for all you true fans out there and
here's a postcard with the name of my
band at the bach I'd also like to give a
big shout out to my number one
subscriber cupcake one three eight four
cupcake keep those cool comments coming
my girlfriend Anna is always trying to
change the way I dress these are my
favorite shoes this is the kind of shoe
that she tries to make me wear I don't
like these shoes they're not manly
enough I want you guys to leave a
comment which one do you prefer Anna's
favorite or mine silence dog I always
have to do it Anna tells me it's not
fair
please save me from wearing these two
tight shoes what the hell is going on
here what the hell is going on here it's
a fraud
