hi guys welcome to the flute plummy 87
recently asked me what is my talent and
can I teach you guys something but
here's the thing why do you guys want to
learn I do have a variety of different
talents but I'm not sure which ones are
applicable let me just read you a list
um what I have achieved and what I can
teach you guys I'm the kind of person
that likes to try a lot of things to
fully understand what I do and do not
like for example when I was a kid I
wrote a list of all things that I wanted
to achieve some ridiculous so I'm gonna
have actually achieved so let's break
that down well start with the boring
ones I have a couple of qualifications
and certificates in public relations of
marketing and business booze booze booze
booze booze no swaps and trends and
marketing statistics and analysis and
projections and forecasts if you guys
want to learn about that I will teach
you it will be a lot of fun when I was
in school I was a bit of a job so I
partake in a lot of sports more than I
would partake in a lot any academics I
slapped repetitively for about 15 years
I didn't become a swimming teacher and
teach you guys to swim after that I
moved into lifeguarding and then surf
rescue which is like competitive
lifeguarding on beaches so I can teach
you guys how to get into a recovery
position I've had enough water in my
life I then moved into gymnastics and
the reason I've done it gymnastics is
that I wanted to learn how to do a
backflip to impress a girl but I really
fancied who I thought that really
appreciate me and think I was super
macho cool if I could do a backflip it
worked well I was with energy mastics I
came across a guy called Robert who was
doing some crazy stuff on the floor and
I said Robert teach me your ways so I
land breakdancing then later joined
dance the nation's which is a dance
troupe in Dublin which you later became
dance attack so I could teach you how to
Diane her name progressed as you do into
a boy band we had a lot of fun we toured
our own not played a lot of gigs met a
lot of people car key records hey we
want to add Irish World Music Award
mm-hmm I've also tried my hand at
creative writing I have a book of poems
are written I even got one published I'm
Dan I'm actor computer I have a
certificate
in digital video production and online
in broadcasting VTech in digital movie
processing I have a higher national
aplomb and graphic design and multimedia
I have a BA honours degree in
interactive media specializing in 3d
animation in computer-generated to
decomposition also the thesis on
creating an emotional connection from
computer-generated animation this is the
first drawing ever there
I think I drew my mom so if you guys
want to learn about that kind of stuff
I'm all for it so do you guys want to
learn about I'll teach you to dance I'll
teach you to spin I'll teach you this
thing I'll teach you to die I'll teach
you to ride I'll teach you the song bah
bah bah look do I not look like Doctor
Who wearing this scarf to the TARDIS
