hi guys welcome to the flute today my
stuff and I'll be are here to talk about
our lack of water you guys ever noticed
how much you actually need water you
Albie Oh kisses poor daddy so we just
took a list for things he cannot do
without water no boob wouldn't he can't
make coffee and not getting up it had my
coffee number two he can't watch the
dishes
this is all I got from a breakfast
number three he can't wash your clothes
this is all that's clean number four he
can't have a shower
god damn water won't blood mm-hmm double
something children's names number five
you can't have a bath number six
you can't drink that little juice drinks
and they say you need water I'm sure it
tastes just as good without water I'll
be what do you think of not having any
water see he's turned away in protest
I'll be got a card today from his OMA he
gives you too thick I was nice at MoMA
Thank You Owen so I recently had
Christmas got a lot of Amazon vouchers
and I decided to spend them all on
PlayStation 3 games and I have a lesson
because if you go and buy a load of
cheap PlayStation games from Amazon
although you think you're getting a load
of games actually turns out to draw
pretty crap are you just waiting for me
to talk
my cell phone I recently watched a film
called freezer burn with Tom Green if
you guys never seen it quick synopsis
you've got these aliens that come man
from some planet because they want a
vacation on earth and you want the
Earthlings to be their slaves but their
little Achilles heel is that the fact
that they can't handle the cold
so basically Tom Green had to attack
them and defeat them using ice cream
snow and ice what else have you guys
seen what films you guys like you guys
like comedy or horror or action or
adventure or musicals
it's a good point she got video games or
fellows if it's good enough game that
has turned enough feel like a film then
it's interactive enough because I feel
that I am like the character the hero
I'm a hero or a villain the guy doing
the thing saving the girl from a living
room or do you watch your films allows
you to sit there you watching the film
and you feeling like there's no
interaction there boy just like I'm
talking to you interact subscribe few
days ago
I was recognized by someone who watches
the flute when he came up he's like a
charlatan and I was like hey that's cool
so when do you guys ever see me on the
street you recognize me don't be afraid
to come up to me and say hello but for a
guy and a brass your name or your
YouTube ID but leave a comment below and
say hidey-ho as beautiful guys subscribe
raid loads of comments more comments I
love gonna read my emails and his
comments their subscribers are great
just like wouldn't subscribers but
comments are so similar the comments I
really appreciate that if you do not I
shall make another video that's what
I'll do
I'll show you
