hi guys what can fill a flute today's
video is going to be more of a vlog
did anyone an article pair for the
snowstorm that never arrived I'm just
stepping out to get some milk well my
internet service provider ever provide
me with Internet service providing why
did the rest of development have to end
one - what am I supposed to do with my
Christmas tree here's a couple of
questions show put forth by the
Commodores Fox weekly upset are you
going to get to tattoo in your right arm
Phil when I got the tattoo on my right
arm completed it took about eight hours
and is extremely painful and afterwards
I kind of looked at it and then I kind
of started to like it and then I kind of
liked it and then I suppose that was
about a year or even two years ago and
then I've kind of just like it now
chaos Carol 85 right are you actually
going to eat those solid crisps with us
sweet sandwiches as a matter of fact I
am if you actually eat chocolate and any
crisps and any chocolate again it
creates some sort of a thing which is
pretty darn good Susie goes dead how
they ever been to Paris first time I
went to Paris with my brother and a
motorbike we drove from Dublin's watch
their every took a boat from our side
and share berg and we drove from share
birth to paris cupcake 138 for rights
who the hell puts milk before the water
and a copy i put milk before my water
and a copy and if you don't know why you
should put milk in for your water and a
copy pinkie and he brought up by the
special edition call of duty
night-vision goggles yeah I was one of
those people that queued up at midnight
on the opening night but also just to
note I found a call of duty world at war
it's a lot better than call of duty
modern warfare to a few people who ask
me how did I make too much Call of Duty
and Big Brother well I can sit here and
explain to you all about composition and
creating said act and how to fold fans
and crop and create and bla bla bla bla
bla but I won't for you basically I took
one film I took an
and I pop them on top of each other and
wanted a sign in the film I pretended
that I was acting to the other guy and
on the other side I pretend I was that
neither guy does playing at the
monologue in my head I got a lot of
comments on my chocolate pocket video
people were nice enough to leave
responses and telling me what they're
kind of sweet snack is so chick Rio says
banana Kahala french toast if you want
to know what that is
go through the chocolate pocket video
find chick real common and she actually
left a recipe plus instructions plus
ingredients like hub I don't know I'm
Dana Wright
she left the pound cake with the Nutella
that's bloody good barber pop 11 says
she says ham and cheese sandwiches with
jalapenos with jalapenos jalapenos the
knock jokes but jalapenos in a ham and
cheese sandwich that's gonna burn emo
girl 1 3 to 7 says she dips her
McDonald's fries into chocolate
milkshake I actually did my gums fries
into a strawberry milkshake so we're
pretty close there Experion thank you
very much for your comment about the
Montana the Gina G left a comment about
my Jeffrey character sounding like the
bad guy from CBS lazytown but if you
guys think that Jeff sounds like the guy
from lazytown leave me a comment if you
guys want to tell me what kind of videos
so far that you'd like is it the more
the narrative face ones or the more the
blogging or the fun ones are whatever
you guys want to see more office or a
particular type of character that you
guys like or a particular type of style
of video that you guys want to see more
of you guys let me know what that it on
the status and a fluke this week I'll be
has returned to us after his operation
we will be catching up on that also I
think we may be visiting Ikea or II kN
I think the ek is one anyway don't
forget to subscribe to this badass than
a fluke and check out the style light
and don't forget subscribe to me family
well I read this one oMG you are so lame
your teeth look like it's train wreck
I don't know what
stinking with a classless dirty boy like
you she will wake up and dump your ass
one day I like thank everyone so far to
has commented rated and subscribed and
of course continue subscribing
commenting and rating otherwise it's all
gonna come to an end
