hi guys welcome to la floof today we're
gonna learn how to make a chocolate
pocket maybe even early 90s I'm not
really sure my parents had this real ad
posting machine big thing so what it was
you'd open it up I have a circular piece
in the middle and a long-handled okay
now you know what you do you should take
you two pieces of bread and you put it
between the two circular parts you put
your jam in the middle and you squish it
close and it was making a little circle
and a little bit to peel them off from
Jordan boy then you be left to
disconnect let's back this side actually
this is a little tiny little thing and
you put it probably into an open fire
but you know we had a gas those and you
just kind of put it under stove and flip
it over and flip it over flip it over
and flip it over till eventually burns
and tasted disgusting so next we have
the evolution from the strawberry did it
chocolate now first of all I was a bit
unsure of jumping straight to white
bread it's the first thing it is I got
Montana if you don't know what more time
this please comment below and somebody
in the common box will probably tell you
what it is I have no idea
we've eaten outside of our island orders
everyone in a row eating this thing
called Montana but it's like a brown
squidgy bread with little squishy things
in the inside yum yum
so basically I would toast the Montana
and then put on the nut shot and then
one day I thought what the hell am i
doing toasting and then applying uh uh I
should apply then toast
so I applied the Nutella top of the
Montana
I put it in a magic squishing device and
I created the first ever chocolate ish
pocket here aloof we are very concerned
about your health and we believe it's
very very important that you make sure
and eat properly nature well I'm gonna
have a goddamn chocolate pocket then god
dammit I'm gonna have a property so I
got myself the biggest thickest widest
bread
find a big doorstep it's okay and I put
it on now and I have a lashed on
chocolate and then we'll ask John
chocolate I put another one on top and
put it in a toasting machine that
probably the toasting machine was that
offering ring around was just a bit
disappointing but now whenever it was
done in our pot hey chocolate pocket
amazing come to 1993 I'm in Connecticut
I'm down with my cousins it's like you
want to tell us the sandwich I'm not
what the hell is a toasted sandwich
Shannon pulls out a toasting machine I
never mind I've seen something like this
you can put things in you can squash it
close it was postings so I say wow I
gotta have anyone in EM so there's a
couple of things that you're gonna need
to get started step one we're making a
chocolate puffiness to find the best
kind of bread as you can see here this
bread it's okay now you can always go
you know you're a peanut you nights
being at poppy seed baguette but I like
to put this kind of a baguette we're
like bacon and chicken a lot of people
are probably watching me thinking what
the hell is he doing with a stove but
you know you can go ahead and use your
microwave if you want but we're trying
to be all old-school here with the stove
because I still does give a nicer flavor
then a microwave
it's got away from me the chocolate
train is comeing them all right that's
the kind of average amount of Nutella
you're looking for what you want is you
want to toasting machine to be an
optimal heating level before applying
the sandwich that way it'll cook faster
but it won't heat to chop it up and
finally presenting the chocolate pocket
it's very important at the end to eat
all this so that's the end of todays
video hope you guys liked it I hope you
guys learn how to make a chocolate
pocket if you guys actually interact
there makes the chocolate pocket please
leave some comments below and let me
know how it goes
also just to note also when I call
let me know what is your favorite sort
of treat that you guys made yourself you
know it's just sort of pirate with
Natalia or something like crazy like
gherkin bananas do looking man has to
leave loads of comments if you like the
chocolate pockets or if you made your
own choc the pocket hater
put a video response or a comment
response or even give me a goddamn
rating just to note Nutella have not
given me this Nutella to promote in any
way or form but on the other hand even
if anyone from Nutella is watching and
they would like to send me some Nutella
so I can review I am very very open to
negotiations I do like Nutella
