with no folks last final journey well oh
you just gonna have a new friends all up
there is that their filings one there
you can see the v8 urban one oh yeah go
rich tomorrow all right I put Milan put
it here
okay well the beige everyone is there a
few days you did any discoveries and I
don't know what I'm looking at are you
excited friend I'm excited Oh God say
goodbye
what's hot journeys don't get this oh
yeah
put a big musical montage of all the
time together
no when is guys sad to say goodbye
I have enjoyed it mm-hmm that was
another range over Jonathan that's when
I got enough for all the kids in the
dogs yeah the Scotland oh mylanta
fucking thing
what's this one a paradise oh how cool
exact guys look underneath heretics
let's cook oh boy it's so cool-looking I
wonder what's on dinner she's woken up
to see the new car you are you gonna
smile smile for daddy no you see it's
like you saying no no no let's see we're
ready to find out what the car looks
like maybe put a Mini Cooper
you ready we're ready theater but
yeah you you Instagram it he's proud of
you we didn't we didn't plan no I'm
gonna do it like I'm gonna do it live
yes you kill one pipe yeah wait okay
here we go here we go Oh God look at the
wheel
oh my god they're so big oh my god this
is the real part oh oh oh my look at
that what oh dude that is down
I came up with such a good idea oh look
at that certain stitching on and the
quilts right side a quill is good with a
little black piping just to break the
air no it's nice so much oh yeah
so nice now this have heated kid-proof
well I mean it's triple a pitch so
hopefully that won't kick it to ya ah oh
good it is literally did you make the
dream car
good you've made up see oh because the
outside like I do it the outside look
like you know new media but I was like
words to go on to the carbon everywhere
yes carbon everywhere so carbon tops
wing mirrors so I've been in carbon on
the front and you've got the new 3d
letters to go with a car there did you
put some silencers on it sorry hope it's
not noisy it's poisonous you look it is
back ah so cool
only in it turn it up soil start it up
start it up we can get a couch with God
again that was my idea
oh my god let their weight I give it a
little give a little harem when I was
about nine or she didn't cry that is a
good family part yeah being tested here
oh my goodness I'm very excited
get yourself get yourselves in urban
lights get yourself an urban oh don't
look at it oh you could have one bite
there's no harm in yeah I think we
should probably get a buck get one just
yeah
I'm looking for you to throw it away
when we get home you know like did you
watch those you get sick
well you know we got to keep them in
business like Oh
pic and cheese yeah ha yeah maybe
0:03 okay
has to be done guys a month shut up to
three packs for nine pounds box cover
okay you pick for you once and I'll take
you I want ya know me tears joke SPR to
say SJS sacani Jodi oh boy okay and I
see ever going to look at this I'm gonna
start we're gonna go we're gonna go
we're gonna go oh yeah let's put it
there okay
and she's home like this is her friend
hello meet on her friend oh my goodness
look at these got 23 inches on to Calif
now only you can get to know each other
get to know each other and it's taking
the next year and I've even upload the
vlog that I'd it's already half life so
I'm imagining you want a video today
what who said that we are home and the
children are here so what no one need
yeah that's a surprise
that's a surprise but Amelia has told me
that you scarred you Charlie got lost in
the Chocolate Factory
hey Eduardo Gigi daddy's new car you did
when could you be daddy's new car when
did you see daddy's new car why it's not
in there it's over here oh it's dance
you want to see do you want to see
daddy's new car
do you want to sit okay okay while the
bus is running don't waste words were no
guys
wait forehead wardo why waiting for you
stop the date night and the gababa
sinners here and we are about to head
out but I figure actually show the kids
the car before you go I know cheater
cheater cheater cheater come on the dog
in your lair
it is the black color guys yeah
you ready guys whoo okay you ready for
your side guys ooh
hop in hop in hmm
just cool guys and look look it wardo
you can put your hand you can see daddy
through there yeah guys this is called
carbon fiber so it would be better if
boys and girls didn't put their feet on
Daddy's carbon fiber okay this is your
little bar area here no don't put the
feet on the carbon fiber now guys
remember I said there's no TVs in the
new car because that II got poked at sea
life there's Wi-Fi the car she was
cracked Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is everywhere
Eduardo no this is my seat now on
occasion Wi-Fi Wi-Fi now there we go
this is carbon-fibre okay okay Eduardo
I'll be unless you see okay what no no
no I just I just said there shall be no
fees on Daddy's new seats for the next
few minutes
oh you know hyung you can use
say what it's written to to say why is
the car talking between this and don't
drive a car hey you there
come on inside it's like inside I look
at the daytime runners up you see I see
on a carbon oh my goodness
isn't it a B flat it's a beast it's a
beast okay come on before mommy cuz I to
me what have you done
why is this all on okay get out of here
get out of town run right inside bring
your doggies in oh my god guys this is
so ridiculous okay so do you see
Jonathan right there we're at a petrol
station on our way to Brighton to see my
mom oh no do not have any kiddie ones
left and I saw these three chairs can
you guys see hold on I'm using them and
I'll show you so see the three chairs up
there well tomorrow it's the median
Eduardo is two points day and you're
supposed to block goodbye you're
supposed to bring either like a picnic
mat or like a picnic blanket or and or
chairs for the sports day to sit in the
grass and so we just spotted these or at
a petrol station on our way to meet my
mom and we just spotted these and I was
like oh my god Jonathan just buy them
like just buy two adult ones and then a
pink one and a blue one and he's doing
it right now but like hell random is
this rap what is it even called ignore
this place is called pease pottage to
make of me I don't think there's any
kiddie ones left
oh that's annoying I'll move it all
right ah
how cute though are you asking me going
now anyone who has just bought a new car
would only has four alloy wheels for the
crunch so Chris oh and if those really
thin
okay we need to park on this level only
my parking here the back closed for me
yeah look at it good
what's your parking engulfed in here ah
that's kind of cheesy I really wanted to
park in a seat bud and they see open
parking space also look like Thai people
going up you're at a car park
then not all boys no no no no no you
can't see no it's fine this is fine
oh is it fine oh thanks thank you Oh God
okay thank you change one I don't - no I
need I need to be on my own devising the
first one this is - I'm really looking
for something whatever the neighbor will
need attached
well there's one there that's not posted
oh you're right actually I'm a bit low
there's a little one on either sliders
and now we're talking this car parked I
was gonna take this car apart aren't you
all right one in our town is like with
my wheels are straight from it
I don't want to care at this point I
would care if I was driving this car
though
oh look at these things here gasps right
behind the security my private security
company I get it I don't even have to
park I just because I just like cruise
up
I was just biking across the tube until
I roll dystrophy you know laters like
pregnancy are like define a pregnancy
but kid parking there should be like new
car parking yeah it's like really big
wide spaces for like new cars the
parking purchase idiot
or maybe a party I think your M&E
there's women parking you serving is
very controversial oh how would you
think definitely the most dramatic case
night interpreters from as well
extravagant adventurous raaaah we drove
to Brighton we flew your mom in and your
sister and your other sister just forget
extravagant we got ourselves some pants
the situation Erica a resident how many
days are your residents one day are you
being a day one we can look back in this
in years when you're the mayor of writin
tear it all began you what have you got
what words to design me the cheap gaming
of your journey this is important this
is your talk Erica 20 years later we got
a carrot in the future
because them not very inspiring look
Erica on your journey we can take your
visitor for the first day and sorry we
forgot the blow-up mattress yeah just
talk about that Marga vm take your
daughter
we forgot to like say goodbye and stuff
see you guys so much smarter goodbye hey
hope you liked the video and yeah and we
thought your consumer shows is like a
flag it's really nice so few videos that
I could see members for channels and
he's like that don't forget to eat the
barrel and yes about it yep see you guys
tomorrow
you like when your car well from my new
parts history the other parts of the
pink around Alaska what what oh god new
your finger
ah
you
