oh boy okay at we pop guys come on get
your umbrellas oh my goodness guys
welcome to the summer summer summer
summertime all right that we popped out
we pop me at the corner Nevaeh
okay let's go to the car guys let's go
to the car go jumping in muddy puddles
go to the car please
why let's go let's go everybody let's go
everybody for the last week or so it
seemed so nice so I guess like you're
always guaranteed to have a bad day all
right hop at it right umbrella Club
we've added away that's at the end no
specific so forth on Briella Club who
know is the last day within the school
on in this car guys new car is being
collected tomorrow in the torrential
rain Sun oh maybe it'll be sunny
tomorrow okay devourer new cards coming
guys
let's let's put our bags in here oh what
a day hop in along let's go
whoa it's a rainy situation folks I know
sweet creatures cash I'm a blog without
the sweet creature anyway we made it
Tesco Julio's and we got soaked like
that so pretty oh jeez avoid doing was
like blown really hard they're like hold
their brothers and drop it and flick in
the back it was a Hooley of a mess but
I'm back home still lashing guys oh my
goodness so the weather forecast says
tomorrow is going to be sunny which is
cool because I'm connecting my new car
right because like everyone knows new
cars are not waterproof you cannot bring
your new car at and rain madness right
that's not true
just in case you think it's true but on
Thursday the kids have their fourth day
like their big summer their first ever
big summer sports day with metals and
long jumps and running and on and it's
like cool cuz they they make it into
like a big family event so like we all
calm we have like a big picnic we get to
watch the kids having their sports day
like it's just it's just a really nice
sort of like family and community thing
what a clashing rain this is gonna like
really say that they're going to call it
today or tomorrow and they have a
back-up plan in place like if it does
rain but I'm like oh I really wanted the
kids to have do you remember m√ºtevazi
some of you guys are having your sports
days for IRA members but not sports day
as like a teeny like grown-up school I
mean like in the lower skills your
sports day like and I
I want some chalk because I ran away I
think everyone gets a medal I feel like
it's really important it's your first
competitor it's not when for some people
might be like your first like big
competitive athletic experience if you
can even call it that right we're going
to run for the house all right hold on
to your hats
hold on yep fallin I just lost my phone
mm-hmm sweet creature Lanier lad I'm
telling you
Nile fellow Irishman I'm not German
don't be thinking like why am i
supporting you it's just Jeremy like
he's got a thing going on I just want to
say guys I do love my dogs okay like
I've seen some common thing like she
hates her dog she stalks them so
horrible like she locked him in a cage
all day which is not true by the way I
never do that
they sleep in that crate that night and
look they want sleeping in they're crazy
but they're only locked in there when
it's night time and maybe one like
before the being locked that's pretty
much it and I don't hate my dog guys
like maybe you don't get my humor but
like that's just how I am like I just
like to keep it real I totally lose my
you know walk with them a lot because um
especially lately cuz I've just had a
baby
um but same with her
oh when they do not that's unlike that's
when I lose it with them say like
driving and saying really fat it's men
but I do love my dogs I was just
explaining that I do I was doing it yeah
yeah there's our banter and so just I
don't know like maybe those of you who
think that just don't get my humor but
like I say the same stuff at my kids
like my kids drive me crazy sometimes
they get on my nerves I like lost myself
and a difference in the bathroom trying
to get away from them but I love them
you know like that's the normal normal
life like if I say I hate my dog doesn't
even RVD Kate without it's just like in
that moment maybe not I'm perfect in
every way
Wow I love you at all - no carefulness
it makes relationships and I know I got
to make already because people are like
too sensitive on the internet I feel
like they're not like not all of them
just like the ones like Nick
keep it coming oh yeah good this is your
life yeah and I pretended like it wasn't
you know can you imagine if a because I
was talking I had a weed on the sort
came I just I was like Oh think Pete's
office to love them oh they're so cute
oh my day is perfect like no way today
again may we never discipline the kids
what are you insane like eighty percent
or they say that I'm the main
disciplinarian actually not it's him on
the other there everybody thinks I'm
like the cross one because you always
make that horrible baby's gonna get
upset or whatever I'm going to get cry
over there actually I know him we're
just learning to entertain dissipate
because I am calm I never lose thank you
sometimes yes very right then when he
does that that that tells me know that
they've done something really bad what I
do I like freak out a bit small stuff
and like they know that but they also
don't really take that very seriously
because I just like no moisture can be
cam right we need to be using it we're
smarter than the case
that's the always remember you are
smarter than each other child it's kind
of although mean is a bit scary mean is
really smart cause she's like her mommy
yes what you have to do you just gotta
usually tell just perfect you never I
don't like boom as no more like
shattered them organize with them I'll
just go right I'm going to be smarter
than you and I'll discipline you in a
way that I know without the maximum
effect but just putting them in their
room and closing the door says people
like to make their own have everywhere
be are these different yeah I think
people are like oh I'll have obviously
the disciplinarian one and Jonathan's
the fun one I'm like you might think
that from watching is love but you
actually don't know
oh you're probably more very like
emotionally vulnerable different you can
tell somebody's like from watching like
16 minutes of their day even if it is
every day you just can't it's so
different
there's so many things that happen how
many conversations that happen where we
don't lock it like like everybody was
like oh my god accompanies that bet the
umbilical cord universe I gotta give you
calm for stroke at this toilet it's
about but a Eliza birthday drew if
you've seen the birthday you probably
have and everyone's like all when
Jonathan was like when the baby came out
that's because there was a cut there
yeah tell me what you said did he say
Caesar I thought the baby came out and
the thing was wrapped up and I debated
the numerator they opened it was real
calm they just like I'm just gonna rip
this thing off brand and you couldn't
get it off and I'm gonna mix it and
after they've retired I want to do a
very sensitive and then I was just like
the baby said well like oh my god you
know I know what you guys like and we
have all people we have all that on
video like we recorded all that but we
just chose not sit for David like all
the birth videos we have like the or
edited version of them for
our own keepsake yeah you know they're
very detailed yeah I just don't believe
what you see on the Internet oh it's
true even on Instagram yes life is
terrible isn't it if not Instagram like
don't believe it you know like I'm sorry
you believe so good you can would you
keep it real but you don't show
everything like somebody on my Instagram
was like can't you do it all I'm
struggling like I don't do it all I
don't I struggle a lot like no huh huh
just don't see we need to wake up
huh you wanna see yourself Oh who's that
pretty girl
yeah pretty girl who's a pretty girl
somebody told me that I think with
Jonathan's uncle actually that um when
they blow bubbles it means that they're
happy I don't know if that's true or not
oh you look so happy oh my god okay so I
did my eyebrows like later today and I
usually go over them twice and I went
over them just once this time I don't
really like them like I'm getting
freaked out just looking at myself in
the viewfinder so let me know what you
prefer if you prefer it lighter or
darker you're probably all going to say
lighter now but like I don't know I
think I prefer them darker with this
much eye makeup on like I think darker
is better I might go back in and put
some more on
I feel very self-conscious now yeah yeah
mmm
well si and I are off to her doctor's
appointment and this is a
Johnathan's car which he has soldier so
that would be a disaster but um yeah so
I get checking already checked but
trying to get chat and we're really late
on this because I didn't know didn't
know it this had to happen because bit
complicated cuz I already got checked so
I kind of thought this part was done but
she has to get checked too so yeah kind
of a mummy sale on that one but
basically skinny vaccinated as well and
then she's like a week or two late with
that three have to book her other
vaccinations straightaway so yeah I kind
of failed by my next child by my fourth
child I don't know what I'm doing okay
okay okay all done everything is fine
everything is absolutely fine but also
saw there was a complete idiot that's
okay I can live with that but I mean I
think she thought it was a bit of an
idiot and I was flew all the question
she's asking me like where as this and
where's that was like I don't know like
and then she was like so you haven't
been checked yeah I just get so confused
because she's been checked loads of
times and then I try to get her
vaccinations done and that was the
problem they were like you can't
vaccinate her without her having a check
I was like what she has been checked but
like multiple health visitors and like
I've been checked my my OB and
my doctor was like she open my book
she's like see husband she has been
checked as like yeah that was my whole
thing like no one will listen to me and
she was like I think she was pretty
confused herself but anyway everything's
done now she's a little bit late but
like that's not a big deal
looking for her vaccinations now I'm
going to go now get this baby home and
have some lunch
unfortunately I didn't get one like you
wearing my MSB I got one though unless
you should go anyone if I have one of
these is like a size up I don't think
this is know what I mean
why no nothing that is like Milan
working is when you go like this with
your formula only mommy daddy can do it
Oh daddy can't organize no idea how this
work is over this time you go like this
I just a dope okay here we go party
lessons oh my god you can do it you can
do it I can't do that what how amazing
our teeth are like look how cool you
look I love these old jumpsuit yeah we
can wear in disasters imagine like a
long-haul flight though wearing this
thing we so cool we are okay oh my gosh
now we can do gymnastics
Oh
