namely was a variant elected Baroness
and think I'm obsessed mr. Stiles and
his music his musical styles and he has
a first album I have purchased in I
don't know how long it's been a long
time since I've got an album I bought
that like whenever and first came out I
had a one song and I was like
 I tell ya I know so good ah it's
oh sorry I've just got two kids Gil
right it's funny when you go to the
supermarket at this time in the morning
everybody here has probably just dropped
their child to school so it's like the
post school run and Parents Association
it was kind of like a house having a
little bit of a moment because the kids
are funny the way they the way they get
older the way they like mature and grow
up sometimes it just sort of like
happens without any sort of like big
deal about it
but um I dropped Emilia in as I always
do drop of water in his class and I go
around I drop a million Hulk's by get
her name
Morgan I see at the window it's like a
routine I walk around through the
playground and as I'm exiting her
classroom is like towards the front and
I walk past the window and we go first
window second window turn when the
fourth visit all the way true and then I
go do this little sort of like not Ali
Wehbe entrance then is the last window
which is the furthest well in any way
the whole time students school I've been
doing that and today I went to the first
winner when she wasn't there I went to
the second winner she wasn't there when
the third winner I could see her with
her little gang and they're all like
yeah what did she is almost like no way
and then it did and they're all like
having the gossip of the chaps no she's
died in there like is they don't know
wave at me
does anyone and I was just parted waving
at random kids bye have a good days go
up again now people are looking at me
because I'm shouting and waving at my
dashboard well yeah
oh is this I left it I was like that's
it that's probably over now she's
probably never gonna wave at the window
anymore
oh yeah I just gotta go check which
there's always Eduardo and then Valecia
one of them god I wear them pounds away
by the window
I'm going home tell anybody Christ
it's going to Martin's and get stuff
that I've we forgot welcome to money oh
my goodness guys you're not it is right
yeah that's different go to the video a
minute ago there's a video a minute ago
not that you look like her with no
makeup on so you can see which actions
this is Jennifer Lopez I've always said
that Anna and Jennifer Lopez looks so
alike I guess with no makeup on like
with the hairline your face the bone
structure you guys are so alike if you
had a tan right now
yeah I'm farad yeah I am you guys look
so alike and pull your hair up like you
did a second ago yeah you should
oh my goodness you should do that video
you should do a video where a JLo makeup
look thing or something like that and
get a picture of JLo and I bet you could
look at maybe get someone else to do it
or whatever like something I can do with
you good makeup by say what you're on
you know what I'm like you look so like
her does it make difference oh we think
by looking at even looking at me here in
realize I know you guys think I'm such a
heartthrob to you did anything but in
real life I don't like anything like it
know if people look it so yeah people
look different on camera people look a
little bit different on camera true and
you do but in real life okay Alessia
looks like you you Eduardo looks like
you immediate looks like me
and you look like Jennifer Lopez and I
look like Mark Ruffalo yeah yeah look at
this her nerves no I know right and that
one there yeah look at that look at JLo
ela you look there tell me man
oh yeah like it's like Amelia and
Eduardo mmm I think for like Anna
some people are saying it's all the way
around yeah weird like you literally see
different things and you do everybody
sees a different thing like yeah I do
think she does really like tomorrow but
then sometimes I think she's like me
yeah yeah remember that one you should
do that you should will we create the
music video thanks to media is on her a
media company would just about unless
yeah is on her play mat and she looks so
cute hi this is one of the first times
that she's ever actually used it and
like properly enjoyed it
hi hi hi do you like this thank you sick
she keeps looking at everything got this
soft cushion into the bear and then
she's got what else do we have here
we've got a buzzy bee we've got a
another teddy bear and I've got a
raccoon and we've got a total which is a
mirror I think you you and then it's got
this mesh thing here of trees it's such
a cute claim at like oh I feel like with
every child we have our play must get
better and better like Amelia's one was
like this bright pink bright star it's
one not that there was anything wrong
with it but like as in it was probably I
can't remember what it did it have it
affecting not stuff like this oh it had
like two like an archway like two arches
going across it wasn't that bad actually
but it was like there was wire in the
arch thing whereas this is more like I
don't know it's like more modern or
something obviously things get more
modern and then Eduardo's was
get popped one I remember this is skip
hop as well and I think it was I don't
even remember it was like different
animals or something I thought yeah I'm
pretty sure that like an elephant
I don't know and then this one is like a
woodland creature type one or like a
camping one it's so cute every every
time we get a new one they'd just be
better and better I feel like you just
get the clean treatment don't you what's
the next child going to be like a Gucci
plane up said a month just have returned
home from school how was school and
while I was very tired in school today
Amelia went a bit mad and why didn't you
wait communica windows are you too cool
for dad now are you too cool is that
what it is you're cool dude yeah I don't
I don't know where my dad water wants to
go to the school of God don't you want
to go to daddy school what's wrong yeah
no what are you doing oh and Ana's lying
in the bed in the clock oh do you wanna
build a snowman
oh wow that was nice Oh guys guys guys
guys guys don't that's enough for you
that's not for you oh it's not for you
can you do I don't I don't think that's
what you're doing anyway I gotta go I
see you guys later my nose dad do your
chores I'm going to the moon
now she's waving at the window all right
do you wanna build a snowman
Hey look at is how much is that doggie
in the window
Oh kiddo jeez now so we're back home
obviously it's many hours of fast look
at that life the second lesson affect
the ruler so what we're going to do here
folks it's what I have ourselves oh
don't be alarmed by the screaming baby
having a bath and she doesn't like when
she gets stopped skipping ahead okay
guardo secretary media April 1 my screen
nation bangs out like that yes that
isn't me ok so beside a media secretary
media I am what guys leave comments if
you read your baby your kids stories at
night I'm Eduardo what do you like about
getting a story read to you at nighttime
ah I what's your favorite part about
getting a story read to you do you like
listening to the words and then
imagining it in your head and what
connects your like pressing the oh you
like the books will you press them and
they make noises and you like lifting
the flaps all right for you say where
spot what Amelia what do you like the
most about getting a book read to you at
night I'm going to do it in a wagon I'm
not in my room
what can you wash and I dare to 1g but
no no we're not talking when I'm doing a
book review although that's not a bad
idea maybe we should give you books but
tell me what is it that you like about
getting a book read to you like
listening to the story I like about
doing do you like the baby imagination I
like the print gestured
is it because you imagine yourself as
the princess because I actually
lots of straight Jeffster what my Raven
because I like pink and I think you what
do you think of when I'm reading the
story do you do you think about it in
your head
yes nothing else nothing else yes
what what's your favorite book
princess book but do you know any
particular book the time you come o the
tiger comes to tea so I owe the line
host over the line where did girls
Goodell and blank aside and she hides
the line from the mom and dad but I said
daddy and run with it right they didn't
like the line but then remember what
happens
what was it happens again son
yeah the mummy came up this is and saw
the line what did he do float in that oh
no and then he went to the town and he
hid in the town and then what did he see
you see her the robber yeah and then he
went back to his house he did go back to
his house is not the fun thing about
reading because you learn all about
stories that's the big reason why I'm so
excited about bringing out a book you
know it's gonna be so much fun are you
excited for the cat knock both guys yeah
nobody can't see it yet
or don't you know what I did you said
you want to see something on my phone
guys I got the Illustrated proof guys of
you guys as parking do you want to see
illustrated versions of Amelia Eduardo
for the cotton apples let me find the
email we pull a team out here is their
daddies of this man arrest me pretty
cool dad
yeah once we failed what we failed a
little bit under blogging today I was I
did okay in the blogging somebody over
here you did Anna did upload a video
channel
let me tell me right so grab it that's
what I want to just Jimmy what's up
licks the vegetable even I didn't
realize like I have my EP now yeah those
of this song fuscus which you like I do
I cook good
you know I like cook but I just
Oh woo woo lighting the kitchen this is
this is one of the times when we build
we got our house sort of like it was
like yo something wrong with my camera
wasn't no she's like if you look at you
use your camera if you let the camera
look at that light over there it just
slaughtering anyway sorry
you know 10 years ago today this day we
recorded a music video me when I'm
actually doing chores right I really you
oh look I looked at the license baby us
this day five years ago every good I
call so you're right with the price I
said you took me mention why I think you
guys the brightest okay guys 10 years
ago today is that blue champagne jumbo
you have to be there munich 2008 come
honey
yeah yeah so we want to show you I don't
know if you guys people have seen if I'm
gonna put in a little bit of Lizzy video
here this is on a day view acting
performance as a scorned woman scorned
okay yes keep hey hey
so it's always a talking I want to talk
into town
Oh
you
I hope you enjoyed this video don't
forget to hit the bow is how many people
it can teach us of the valve you're hurt
like undersell fellas breathe oh I
guess all right do i rises tomorrow
ah
Oh
