when I think about the class when I my
doggy just here's the cluster roommate
to love to love Easter to love hot so
that was the song we have to sing and
then he hit one
the cross was so option he had and then
when he was a change
damn it when he was Jesus was a king the
mummy daddy and celebrated and then a
wicked witch put him in the cellar then
he died and then he has to go and then
he had to go outside to make him up to
it
a big no me some the song again this
song when I think about Jesus Jesus is
the special
we love hot
we love hot wieners just wrong of the an
app each round but he doesn't love time
to love time here we love hot hot hot
how would you like the song of the
genius nah my sad little song that you
got in a Sunday afternoon huh
and I suddenly afternoon song wait a
second are you bringing all those toys
with you oh my goodness come on guys
let's go to the zebra crossing
no wait you gonna go just like we're
going this way this way right oh oh my
goodness these guys these guys or so
this guy I mean it's not too bad
hello she goes the media's fault is that
she goes too far ahead on the bumpy bits
oh oh my goodness it takes us a very
long time to get anywhere if what always
wore no sepsis which waterfall is it
okay and we're holding holding the
activity moving forward
okay move as a group move as a team move
as a group okay okay we look right all
clear let's go let's go
Eduardo Eduardo immediate stop let's go
I know I know I know come on come on
Toma we were gonna tear them imagine
last year there is a ruby so cute we had
a little bit of a lion this morning
which is really nice
we slept him too like hey I think I
slept into my alarm went off although
elected did wake at about 6:00 so um
technically that's not really a lion but
it was kind of because I just brought
her into bed with us and and just fed
her and then fell asleep with her on my
boob and then woke up at 8:00 so that
was quite nice usually it's a lot
earlier and tomorrow they're back to
school so it's going to be like the
school run again which oh I mean it's
just tough going but and it's summer
holidays and that's good but yeah those
early mornings I kill but I mean with
the baby
an early morning anyway so it doesn't
really make a difference okay going to
write the date on this and pump oh yeah
so locked in here now look how cool that
is
I'm so proud of myself because she keeps
not taking them because I'm never really
away from her at all and so I'm just
building up and building up so may end
up using them in future who knows I will
end up using all of them if not her
it'll be Eduardo he loves them
he loves people this is really gross who
came back one day and he was like
drinking the end of a bottle I was like
oh my god Eduardo you're three oh my
goodness look what Eduardo did
Emelia now you look guilty now you look
if you touch it everyone's going to
think you knocked it over oh no the
police are going to come and they're
going to say yeah exactly
and they're going to say young lady can
you explain why you why did you knock
the fence over I dig it
who did it then young lady you don't
know well I'm going to have to take your
name Seth under what so 100 but the
midterms over tomorrow guys it's all
back to school time it's crazy it's
madness like I don't even know like
before the kids went to school this time
last year we had like no one in school
right and it was like I was used to
having them all the time and then Emilia
went to school in September and then I
got used to own and we started wardo
remember in EM nursery in Red October so
both of them are in somewhere but not
full-time and now come like this just
last like a part of 2017 both of them
have been in school yeah every day five
days a week and now I find that the
midterms harder was running on I'm
excited and dreading at the same time I
think they get nine weeks off for school
in Ireland you got 12 weeks off we were
summer holidays not mental twelve weeks
off but in in the UK here and the school
that our kids are in they get nine weeks
off so what are we gonna do nine weeks
well actually I know I'm going to do for
some of those weeks time when I was a
kid or something I used to always doing
some organizing with my brothers and
sisters and seeing if we could do
something really cool the minute we
finished school on a little holiday
adventure family holiday adventure huh
that'd be fun sniffing sniff your
pension we are going to be exciting and
then obviously we'll go away and another
holiday or something I add a son a son
holiday the first one will not be a son
holiday it'll be like I'm a spoiler
surprise
it'll be a fun adventure holiday
probably will rain narrator hey okay
here I am making plans well you're
asking all the time
did you just bite me did you just say me
you a biter
are you a biter are you a fighter
ah alright everyone's havin lunch final
board Oh finally got dressed really are
you just saying that to get out of money
No so where are you going
alright come back to Timothy I can't
wait to see so what doesn't I prepare
you for lunch an amazing husband always
making me lunch
isn't that right Jonathan yeah Oh as
wire does anything media I see two
Tomatoes left sir oh yeah why is it
crumpling Wow excuse me alright both of
you sitting down in your seats please
quick I know it's lovely I teach you
when last night yeah tada Eduardo come
on your hands are all messy from lunch
come on I really don't believe you
okay well then two tomatoes won't do
anything to your tummy so but these two
MS
and then you'll be cured your tummy ache
will be gone
fair one try okay okay okay money I do
tell me
come on yeah Eduardo can you come back
and sit down in your seat please
my chopper Eduardo rare for a drive I'm
gonna pull over by the police
okay can please coming out they stick
you mistaken I'll do the talking
I'll do the talking hello hello officer
right oh gee
okay okay I'm okay don't fly home for
the place hi officer ah what what were
you not good no no no no no it's got now
Pete not what I
I mean they actually shot me in the face
why don't drop it
like I like Leonard he was about to run
you over no no no no he was gonna run
you over okay
I tried to save you no no no hold on no
wait wait wait
Mia famiglia that's me no you're kind of
your shoe so what you got your shoes on
for driving you can't just go friend
shooting people for driving Oh shot me
in a face yeah is she still behind me
hidden I mean okay okay mister you okay
everything's okay I've been saved
I've been saved Carrie he's lardo what
are you doing
what I'll tell you what I can do me
there I'll tell you all right watch this
right
now run run like the wind
run like the wind wait sure I shot at
her tires
all right now who any meenie miney moe
catch a tiger by the toe oh my god I
look like a disapproving look and
there's no bullet for me what in there
okay Oh mm mm mm hi I know I do the best
baby sister Oh like your captain hmm she
loves looking at herself in the
viewfinder oh yeah you do you look
looking at yourself in the viewfinder
hmm yeah that's you
I can hear in the devastation going on
at life tonnison chasing people around I
say people I mean and we Han Eduardo
friend with a tractor I think isn't me
on my picture okay
say hi CJ hi we're joke you see here the
house I hope you heard I don't know
daddy's crazy hmm
now this dogs barking this is you and me
up here it's not as nice today quite
windy and a lot cooler than it was
yesterday but I'm still wearing shorts
so we're still winning currently we're
still winning I don't want this nice one
hit to end so lovely but I think next
week is let's change which is sad my god
craziness going on outside
if
- cute who's the party Friday night is
that it's not a Friday night
this is Alessia you know called bent
backwards our friend me no I let you
look at where her head is like now buy a
better party is dinner way oh hey
translate what my belly better better
for a jealous okay you're on maternity
leave I was told I was informed how
long's encouraged me for that's a
nickname to it I don't think I'm on
maternity leave
I'm still working out what no that's
different is it away properly put - put
it away
they're ordering some pizzas and I said
we'll come up here and order my own
because I'm too complicated Russia
because I get no cheese and Lotte
awkward self quiet any sort of Minds
like him back to the kiddo she needs a
nice I'm busy busy in my life I'm busy
with the kids and that's our son night
friends we're out of here we're gonna
you're basically just imagine us gorging
ourselves on pizza and falling asleep
and waking up tomorrow it's all back
tomorrow I kind of school runs and
everything tomorrow you want a small
visa
I made you go meet go big or go home
well not baked medium Clevenger five
inches like seems like an appropriate
Sunday feast I want to be able to get
outta bed tomorrow morning I'm bringing
the kids to school you know hey I hope
you enjoyed your weekend friends hope
you enjoyed our weekend and I'll see you
guys tomorrow
buh-bye Thank You Betsy
Oh
