man there's something peculiar going on
here now with cool across this bowl of
uh oh my goodness everyone needs to try
this water that's different
there's something new so I'll give over
a meaning for the power gamma this is
filtered water than immediate we have
dating media scopes and inside there
what the dogs just all just came over I
mean it's their waters their water but
they were like whoa Wow you guys see
that
oh I should try I'm gonna give it a try
Joe never in my life oh they're like oh
calculate a fan base you see this
underpants kind of here anyone else
anyone else is always the Pope is out
here oh I'll be holding no he's inside
Alfie would look at that me like that
and now there's not a room for everyone
I'm too hot too much little thing over
here is having a boob coming to boob Oh
like you face or something I hope
someday we have a big amount of land I
mean can surprise
1:20 climbing all tonight we have like
you know what I huge has to like land
and like a farm I'm really not a farmer
just land we could get like quad bikes
and like cleansing and just feel like
the best playground in your life so cool
whenever like yeah let's yeah Valencia
and then Sierra man I love this weather
so it's just so better it's the only
problem with the size of the world it's
just not something all the time I'm
gonna watch the weather in England
better than wetter and artist that's for
sure she'll only three just nice
it was they all assess sound deflection
and that way there's another water so so
much is much better at the end every as
a dude a brand deal mass by Evian Al
Yankovic as a special promotion this
week if you buy 10 bottles Avion Amelia
we need a doctor
we need a doctor quickly where are your
doctor equipment what do you do when you
climb it on air for oh yeah oh my good
ok well that's it no more babies yeah
baby days are over immediately stepped
into baby makers haha what he sums up
potatoes Xena so I just did my hair
because I'm going out tonight to Helen
if you watched yesterday's vlog or the
day before yesterday's vlog you'll know
that helen is our dog walker and she did
the floor is lava things when Jonathan
like he's like Lord lava and shoot like
jumped on the bench so if you saw that
video that - Helen is but it's her
birthday today and she doesn't know but
um
I've been invited to a surprise birthday
party for her it's not even a party
really it's like a birthday dinner but
she has no idea so this whole time like
haven't even texted her to say I can
birthday or anything I think I'm just
gonna leave it for the day because I
don't want to like accidentally get her
thinking that like I don't know I just I
don't want it to know at all I want it
to be a complete surprise so really
excited about that so I did my hair for
tonight just because I know I won't have
time later and it's not 8 o'clock so
that means I can put MSU down and then
go cuz she usually goes to 6 plus 7 and
she's been doing so well lately like
last night she slept till she slept
until she wouldn't rest until at 8 I
think I had to wake her at a half seven
because she usually wakes at like 6
o'clock but she didn't wake up and she
goes to bed at like 7 although last
night it was slightly later I think so
that's probably why she did sleep later
but she's a really good sleeper at night
I have to say but here she is hello no
don't focus you have the dirty nappies
you have a pretty lucky hi hi
no oh shall I change me I've been
sitting in this dirty not be all this
time you're talking oh crap
hi oh my god it's wet ah
oh ok I've been using facepalm ah
right ok I need to drive it
and then 52 on a wash well that's bad
do you pumpers active fit but we ran out
yesterday so I had the other ones that
were actually sent to our beer hot and
very good so okay I'm going to change
everything
no wonder Europe just sitting in bloody
week I'll picture watch so I don't do
that no if it just happened now you can
see you mustn't unfriend again I don't
know you want him to look up okay I
better take my baby sweet rice and it's
on home guys but Eric is coming back in
like two okay echo his neck oh here I
can come back in two days guys and then
here genomic well no two days
tomorrow Sunday I think you come I think
she's going back on Monday Wow
I can come back on Monday yes I put it
in the shoulder there okay guys guys are
something very important to tell you
the floor is lava the floor is lava oh
oh good thinking Amelia oh you lost the
foot good thinking I wasn't sure what
you're going to do okay now you take it
as a danger line I just wanted to climb
up a project just to see all right let's
getting a messy stroller
yeah
whoa where she is now
damn I forgot did you bring their
furnish with you little monkeys right
hey guys the flush it's okay the floor
is lava
good one get away
that was a good heart we create media
that way we feature songs about our end
arrow because we're getting some of
these what do you want the Belgian
chocolate milkshake or do you want the
Belgian chocolate milkshake become a
vegan half a beautiful hot chocolate
telephotos I mean with that oh yeah you
add look we want these ones no no no no
no no everybody's got their stuff now
huh
what did it mean I guess they weren't
happy oh she put all this nice nipple
cream and stuff on it for cream and
stuff on it yeah would you get the end
as none Vladdy went with the truth now
which one should we give to last year
guys who wants to share what last year
hi hi hey whose children are playback hi
hi hi hi oh that's the fun things to do
here in this device children to play
much controlling the play much oh man
this one man look at yourself is a art
that's it you look like hell
huh though they look like though they
look like Alice yeah huh no it's okay
for the body kiss daddy kisses are big
unmanly
I just kissed you all right so I'm
heading out to heaven surprise birthday
party can't wait kids are all inside
thankfully Alexia went down for me which
I was so happy about it like within time
cuz I have to be there before Helen gets
there that's that part is really
important obviously cuz it's a surprise
kind of stressing a bit I need to be
there now so I'm okay though I've got a
bit of time but I'm bringing her present
which is wrapped with sausage dog paper
of course and I'm even bringing the dogs
beer that we thought as like a joke I
got this doggy beer in our p.o box and
Helen doesn't really drink like she's
kind of like me like she doesn't really
drink alcohol and but I thought it'd be
funny if I brought it like pretending
like I was bringing her a drink or like
a bottle of wine or something but then
it ends up being dogs beer well that
would be quite cute so yes heading out
now and hopefully I can find this place
because I've never been here before
start heaven is here I'm going to fill
my head by topic scream I don't want to
be like
okay so I'm home now that was so funny
guys I don't know if you realize what
actually happened at the end but
basically the guy came home with the
cake for Helen and they were singing
what sounded like happy birthday but it
was a little it's the different language
and it was really loud like I don't know
if it came across but it was like it was
like some kind like she was being
attacked or something they were like oh
really really loud and like I think she
actually got it and then me Heidi the
woman that was sitting in front of me
and and Donna who is the same maybe that
does my nails who was sitting beside me
were all of us are moms so we just like
instinctively started singing happy
birthday louder to drown else's hexafish
we're singing in a different language it
was just so like it was that was the
best ten year anniversary so it like
stepped on me and then I guess what I'm
really glasses nice you should come here
okay so thank you for watching this
video don't forget to give it a thumbs
up I turn the little bell on oh yeah I
never John I don't tell people fairly
Belon turned it on and send me a picture
of you turning the band on and I'll
follow you on twitter
well I don't know people break up with
us who this is not
we will fetch a selfie so happy okay
good night
Oh
Oh
