keep from like a prison this really has
okay so we just did our workout please
don't mind what I look like I'm
literally melting because we did such an
intense workout didn't we yeah and I am
saying I know you feel it really is a
nice easy they looked really good and I
just literally look like deranged I
don't know why you do the counting using
all the training camp in 30 day no she
did it with me but ya know so back on
track and feels really good even though
I feel really sweaty at the moment this
ponytail is so long that it's actually
touching my back and like getting all
wet from the sweat custon but that's how
you know it's working
exactly hi how do you must you mhm
it's really hot today me me ask oh yeah
dress yes we wear this one pick a cute
part which is light I'm sure everybody
your outfit there we are
let me see I see your outfit very cute
going to stand up and show everybody
well it's quite proud of one actually I
don't think you've won not felt before
okay let's dress your sister and then
arrange dress up I choose I did it again
this morning instead of putting on
makeup and then I realized I had loose
each day and I was like oh we're we're
done max sweat so much ah no thank you
alright so what you want to wear come on
this dress would be really nice because
it's so hot out and you're gonna be
playing outside you know okay alright
let's get dressed
could you imagine doing this you're
going yeah don't be amazing artificial
colors glass what do you think guys yeah
yeah so cool anyway
that is not what are we what are we
doing here today well I got a new
wingman house and she has an amazing car
now old McDonald car
whoa it's quite a lot of stuff quite a
lot of stuff how is it it was our no
wait wait so we're looking early as well
hey I mean look amazing look amazing
oh one of these don't mind came in the
back of the head
oh this is what we won here guys what I
thought this one has a slight on yeah we
need our lead dad no how do you check
DIY won't get that dog okay well well
there's a pirate one oh these were
pretty epic the whole is pretty amazing
isn't it yeah exactly
okay scale it back scale it back mmm we
do actually a mecha jr. tower playhead
that looks like something I could do
what have you gone crazy if you go crazy
okay well now what you do select a
denominator brochure complete the order
form we do have to look for this one I'm
not sure what we're supposed to do next
though
none of these guys they're so cool oh my
god I think I cute these guys are guys
huh they are real hello welcome
do you remember that time where grandma
pig got all of them on grandpa pig
didn't want them to remember and then
gumbo they got them all anyway what you
remember
careful careful they're probably made
out of something that breaks easily okay
but these will these things are cool oh
my god the mice break so what do we
think all Eduardo's should stay away
from it I think it's most likely to
break if it water was to touch it it'll
set not anyone really nail is cool and a
little piggy like a snail no no no no no
no they're not real nothing when you
choosing huh like this one this is kind
of cozy it's abuse oh my goodness what
just happened
it moves back that one touch of a table
sell it to me Eduardo
do you like a blue one looking flop ax
yeah but these ones probably can flop ax
you huh
the hard toy sighs you know home again
is looking over there the pools in
summer last summer
oh my goodness looking at there it's so
tempting
thank you it's so tempting guys together
no city pools no no no no no no no no no
because if you break it it becomes your
bed hey guys look at this over here okay
he's over here look at this over here
guys
would you remember humor last year we
hey this is better look it's good yes
the one we had number is really peanut -
sighs I'm leaving the Vegas lazy spa
when what we fuckin do when we've got a
new house with it for our new house good
so remember you used to have a little
brother whatever happened to him humor
at time do you have a little brother
ever wonder better watch it there he is
- over here monkey okay won't get your
boat out of there you can test it out
okay you had tested out since they've
changed them though I like the padding
on the side what happened sighs all
right this is this is business
this is the formation of a bad bad idea
I'm colder but look at that you're
having fun one floor protector she's
never left you never learn what oh where
does the sleep guys oh you sleep as well
okay I'll just I'll just go then
okay bye guys you going to sleep I am
yep she is keep on keep on no no no not
too scary stairs on this way right you
heading um yeah when she got to pick up
some at some tea this up for sei y-yeah
you are the leader you are the leader
yeah I couldn't I couldn't get an Amazon
I could get an Amazon but it's going to
be like a week or two delivery and I was
like it's 2017 if I can't have it right
now or tomorrow morning at the latest
I know one ish so I'm going to manually
manually yours what is this what is this
world I live in
guys guys stop stop stop
okay wire it back to the car right this
is what we need here guys keeping
granules which probably isn't eating gel
as well okay is there anything else we
need okay that works with a convenient
mmm mmm might work for cheating my wife
I've been on do you think you're what
are we making the decision right now
hmm we're going to get this works
alright this is what we've always used
kita leave comments if you know anything
better
it's what we've always used what I don't
even know what that is tums
no thanks me Wow I think we'll just go
to Tita is it worked on you love is gone
jealous well junior gel from three one
Phoenix isn't even that isn't even three
months yet no I mean yeah look for three
months we're going to wait a week
jeez are you mr. signature all right
I'll see you guys later than a phone
into thinking chair
- other one look and it says from one
month to two years I'll get this one
because we always use it but this one is
mine today
what what are you doing you are for
right oh my goodness what to do here
so Alessi is looking at me right now and
explain okay no Alessi is looking at me
right now
family oh okay oh gee how many picture a
partner let's get a million and probably
picture I just want a picture with wardo
unless yet oh I'm nasty yes with quiet
everybody
yeah okay that's all it's all gather or
gather all the bodies gather of all the
children and then to one side and she
had tea can we see some Mirchi classier
white
oh right I'm tracking Eric Topol
translation she's coming over now
good news Erica is no longer homeless
okay she's never homeless but she
couldn't find a house she's been flying
over Mac a hundred million times years
now so everyone when she gets in the car
everyone vote congratulation
but we probably won't see contractor
everyone's excited about the good little
cheating in the country in a car my
booty P cancel cancel flat open a boot
its openings opening um is it you can
put it in the back seat instead yeah
clothing clothing lock from the back
seat inside
hey cool stay cool it is so one today
let's get everyone to news can I hear
you say it again no everyone do these
Erica well I got a flat clip where Erica
is now officially a brighton resident
yeah you wanted a cool youtubers now
you're not an old-timer like us very
excited for you
so is it going to be a house tour yes
you've been on a fixer one I'm like Oh a
pre one and then do some pieces yeah I
liked it before not been bit of kick
bass boom yeah very excited look
everyone copies me right now only twelve
five hundred plane right and we're there
go
you
