look at all the dogs he just got and all
our new dogs on our new doggy oh my
goodness
imagine is where all your dogs well
that's mine well I know that very yeah
that's me
they were both on the same day but
they're nobodies do anything yeah I know
everybody you know what's when you want
no you are newbies you pick movies which
imagina you just pull over the side of
the road like you want to you want to
you want to buy dogs you know one about
oh my oh my daughter this one here is
what is what pees on carpets come on
these are sausage doggies here these are
like hot dogs anemia is that you don't
eat them yeah
who's in the back who's a big gang in
the back oh hello everyone in the back
oh whoa look at the big one in the
middle
Mabel coming at me well you're going on
your walkies now what have you shouted
walkies really loud right now I got
every wrong they all cut the little
heads up oh you're so cute you're very
lucky you're very lucky
oh yeah Pina Pina you gotta don't go
ahead yeah yeah like that I mean I'm
just gonna three sauce you honey your
numbers okay
right all right you're going on your
walk you know come on guys
people walking at walking our one child
maybe someday we should have more kids
right now this is nice we start one
child my wife stuffing her face to
protein bars
what is it oh it's the raw ones the
naked oh phones are ringing at our tune
Saturday look at the models ahead affair
okay there's the destruction of the
playground I wonder though you know this
partnership I think they're getting rid
of the pirate ship can I have that I
wonder if I like ask the council you
know in a pirate ship do you guys not
want I can I have that and put it in my
garden I'll be amazing with this corner
I wonder yeah it's gonna be a water park
how exciting oh it's gonna be way
funnier guardo you you you'll see why no
if any child is to end up in the pond
someday it'll be this little fella
you just sees the very fella that will
be in that pond trying to trying to feed
a dog or something
there's no honey though he's so naughty
right but he's so funny so it's really
hard to get annoyed at him because he
makes you laugh so much
kids hilarious the comedy value lads
well everybody you shush yourself oh oh
oh all right we ready you ready for
picture time give me big cheese's why do
I can't see I can't hear your cheese's
look at the two of them they're inside
this matter this monster thing when
apparently it closes all right I mean
into our to have gone under big slide
are we ready for some big slide action
come on get out we'll try and get an
exclusive ok you ready guys go together
hold hands ready go guys you faked out
Oh little baby who woke up come right
now hi hi hi you can smile for me
so we had a quick nap I don't know why
sing quick after was pretty quick it
wasn't that long love it and now mommy
needs some coffee in her life mommy
decent party in hangar Lily leaves and
coffee in a few short resemble a nappy
actually like them because they're
actually very comfortable but they
remind me of an adult Muffy that's what
they remind me of and yeah so that's my
life right now and we're at all happy
just like my baby Justin some reason I
sleep during the day though it's very
conflicting because sometimes if I sleep
when I wake up I like literally cannot
wake up I'm like so even more tired if
that makes sense
like just initially when I first wake up
I just feel like I can't actually
physically move and so has sometimes
like in like the opposite effect well
afterwards I feel better that makes any
sense
oh and just to update you guys I signed
up for a big massage class how cool is
that
so same time light that's bad
my fake tan is just crap these days
because every time I put on I basically
sweat it all off again
and it just hasn't been working for me
like at all
I'm using it the same exact way as I did
before but just with her and like
feeding her at nighttime I think it's
just like I'm just sweating it off
anyway signed up for some baby last
night classes which should be fun and I
can't wait to do that actually I never
did it with my other two just because I
don't even even know if it was available
to me but with the health visitor and
everything they like recommend stuff
like that so um my house is it really
wants me to do it so like fine I'll do
something because at first I was like
I'm really not into the classes and she
was like I get what you mean but like I
think it'd be really beneficial if you
did one I'm just like not that kind of
person you know but then I when she said
baby massage it's not I'm not doing it
even to me other people like I'm mostly
doing it because I think Alessia would
benefit from it and like the two of us
would like bonding and stuff that's why
I want to do it like I don't want to
care about meeting other people to be
honest I just I don't know as I've got
older like my circles just become so
small and I just don't like a lot of
things have happened where I've just not
been able to trust people or people have
been friends with me for the wrong
reasons and it's just it can get it can
be really really hard because of what we
do and everything and I know that sounds
very like it might sound come across in
a bad way but like I don't mean it to
it's just that's the truth like I'm just
being hundred percent honest I have like
one best friend and like a few
acquaintances and that's it because I'm
just so scared to trust people because
I've just been burned so badly before in
the past and yeah my family err like
what the most important to me so I don't
really care about anything else it's
sort of a to be honest and now you doing
all the smiles because I'm not recording
you hmm
now you do know the smiles many do it on
Chrome who's that pretty baby hmm
don't see yourself ah okay
yeah you that's you yeah so we're
heading to the cinema for date night
Alessia is definitely teething I can't
even I be I'm even famous because she's
so small but she was like putting her
fist in her mouth and like chomping on
it and I was through coming out and like
that's definitely a sign of teething all
over zero that have been fairly teeth
growers yeah like Amelia and Eduardo I
think was four months and I'm pretty
sure yeah I mean she could be teething
and he don't come for ages one two three
and you know she could have she liked it
I think it can't happen where they're
doing it for a while and then it takes a
lot to come like which you so close to
that today though I was very excited
growing order people when it was oh
she's not she all right though like once
she gets to see one which is a pretty
good sleeper like she's actually a very
chilled out easy baby that's why I was
just like okay what's going on
you know like you know there's something
on but I have to say I have been really
lucky like
where would you look your husband you
are not even your gift thank you I love
you accion I think you got lucky with me
to really hear even looking maybe ha
well and we really didn't how many
nightbeat's have you done Jonathan some
ways how many night seats are ever done
in your life where you see how many
nights have you ever done near life on
to the question zero
yeah but in some way lucky I would call
you no no no no it's our relationship
works because we were a balance of like
well some ways you're lucky and in some
ways I'm looking in some ways I'm
probably a terrible husband and it's so
major to have a wife I don't think I
could send her back but I mean are you
taking types of people right and I'm
social added you're so like you know
like are like you might even feel
quicker than I do but I think I'm quite
children my husband there does YouTube
for a living and like I trusted you and
like when nobody else did through your
mind I was like whatever you are my
first subscriber you can do whatever you
want I don't care I don't care about
money I don't care but like I was so
chilled out like you always beat me out
to be gone and I am no my first discover
I know
Wow from a long way anyway we're going
to month electron we could have gone to
Jamie's Italian right there nah we could
have gone there but unfortunately we
ended up having Anna's Italian Jamie's
Italian yeah we're going to see just a
romantic comedy what's called how one
woman's love for an alien for the alien
is a metaphor for her struggle to find
love
as I smell covenant it's all about the
covenant of love it's in the Covenant
something that witches go to hurry up
well maybe it means something then
Commons is not an American Horror Story
one yeah I think it is - which thing oh
thank you maybe the alien
witches yes I mean this one the aliens
or witches I have to question like yeah
I was doing with the talking black cast
no not that kind of like the prop were
like oh no I was a weirdo anyway the
remember game anyway I've decided to
bring a jacket because I fear it might
be cold in his teeth Hall he at all but
I wanted to wear a t-shirt wanted to
like walk around wearing a t-shirt
outside and enjoy the sunshine
so I tell you guys the new cards my new
car is finished I tell you that but I
can't I'm not I'm not going to collect
it it's finished and ready for me but
because the kids aren't after midterm
whatever term I'm not going to pick it
up until next week but I'm really
excited to share with you my new car the
whole fella over there
so I shouldn't be talking like this in
front of him you might get emotional did
you find out what number after a gringo
no you guys should bring that the
college with Hall number up hello is
that hurting new helps it doesn't echo
in here
let's go to the alien movie area we made
it whoo Oh
watching you a winner I hopefully
hopefully nobody's it dance nowhere sit
on down you can I go sleep now we go
down yeah we like it but it could be
fragile I have scary it'll be like sauna
will be as scary as like the original
one
take those original humans but then they
were scary when I was a kid my kid
anymore so you looking that girl oh oh
Sabrina what's your name Nicole
Scherzinger cold sore singer I saw her
on the spot a picture and I was like
your friend Sabrina Nicole oh sure
things are like I'm waiting for look at
our different take over here what do you
guys think I know what you mean the I
think that looks so like Sabrina
everyone always says Sabrina like Kim
Kardashian is prettier than 400 with no
contract you watch the vlog oh they're
both pretty
procore name
ah
Oh
you
