so we got a text and an email yesterday
that screw up that's on this morning
yeah skis back on this morning everyone
thought they're getting a four-day
weekend
schools back on us yeah maybe it was
like oh no but at least it's a Friday at
least it's a Friday huh
could be worse imagine it was a Monday
again we had no plans for uniforms today
Oh me and as you said Oh Oh yesterday oh
come on come on we're all gonna have to
go and get vaccinations did you know
that guys so we are all going on a crazy
trip really really exciting trip which
is call which is that which is very
funny now it's not funny but it is funny
so we're going really really far away
we're going soon where we have to
actually get vaccinations and stuff
before we actually
go it's not NZ media which is really
exciting and it's coming up very very
soon
it's gonna be so much fun it's gonna be
like a once-in-a-lifetime kind of a trip
thing it's gonna be saw happily these
guys are going to the places that we're
going mate oh and I am being cagey and
I'm not telling you about it because
it's fun to have an exciting surprise
could be up soon what's gonna make it's
same blogs how blankety the sky is I can
hear an air paper I can't see it
yesterday
Ireland was in such a bad way there was
like a curfew and everything was crazy
sister you used to live in the Antarctic
she was trained in case you ever get
stuck outside of that the base that she
lived at so as she made an actual igloo
with her kids yesterday and I was I was
like man I was like get me some footage
of that so I can put it in here to show
you guys and this is what Irish families
do and it's knowing a spacious red
warning has been extended to 6 o'clock
tomorrow tonight in Waterford
blizzard-like conditions to status red
the country of coverton points a
significant amount of snow could fall
this will have a huge knock-on effect
over the next few days the risk to life
and limb presented by severe weather
conditions should not be underestimated
by anyone we are facing severe Blizzard
like conditions which will spread across
the country from 4:00 p.m. today
people should not be outdoors before th
stage these news the elements in that
one day make for important I go by that
time
our family are building an igloo in the
hopes of survival against the blizzard
of 2018 oh there we have one member
oh what's that would you Oh stupid work
terrible woman so this is the entrance
and as you can see I've got my Antarctic
expedition boots on which are essential
for this kind of climate of the
Antarctic Ireland 2018 this is the
window I like that here we are back in
the blizzard of 2018 Jaclyn our igloo
now inside we've got our roof structure
taking shape hopefully when they're all
ripped off then we'll take out the
structure hold it
it's very nice did you build this you
can we have a spare house exactly that's
what we built it so we sleep out here
tonight oh that's awesome
you want to sleep out here tonight Haley
whoa me and you see down here you'll see
both hair care up
yeah bring your baby it will be the
phrases but it will be quite a fun
do you keep over here is the cave
but we're gonna try and go to London or
bridge one and try and make away
there is always almost Rama these days
now change the trainings change in
platforms almost missing trains okay Oh
where's it going he's nice and cozy in
here
you need to get that pin you know the
baby on board in oh my goodness look at
this okay guys don't freak out but we're
just gonna walk oh my god they don't
care they're all gonna fly yes
urban ones there look at that guy's you
know those people that I see it looks
huh Oh God in a career strategy for 2018
very exciting stuff you ready to
strategize yeah waiting for the team the
dream team of this snow I need when you
get that snowy we are finished the
meetings and it is snowing again oh my
goodness Oh careful Otis could be
slipping now
a lot of responsibility yeah we got a
text in the skillet eventually closed
mid-day cuz it start getting a bit crazy
again cause I go I know but anyway
everyone is at home and safe but we're
not we're just like out here first when
we just take bikes can you guys see it's
like a blizzard out there
everyone's like join us for lunch and we
all got briefly basically ordered the
burritos off the menu the three / - four
we order three of them so I got the
veggie one what should you get pork
before it and then Jonathan got chicken
I'm so excited for this I'm so hungry
okay we have ended up in Oxford Circus
trying to no entry I think we need to
cross over here it's a beautiful morning
where they're basically shutting
everything down in about an hour's time
the school is shut down on Oxford Circus
so we're gonna try and hopefully get to
London Victoria get on the train and try
and get home let's go find out of the
train now what a journey it's getting in
there it's insane
other countries will be having a laugh
looking at us been like these guys
it's barely snowing the whole country
shut
now all the world's asleep
the leaves in the woodland away spider
now to the ones running so
the tree we made it back to the beasts
oh my goodness is that why you got wait
where am I going
thank you fused okay we did make it hope
I mean we're not home yet but we did
make it back I mean all these cars are
like sliding all over the place it's
scary if she stuck oh it's not the
sliding thing I'm feeling do you think
that's what's happening oh yeah they're
all stuck I mean it wasn't that long ago
that I didn't have a car like London and
it's the weekend you don't actually have
to go anywhere those doors
I think Ricardo came today who did so we
got food talking again if the internet
goes down then do be like whoa whoa whoa
civil oppressed you don't know what I
wanna be reciting I don't know if you
can even see cuz like the window is so
I stopped all their little kids doing it
as well okay you can see any of them the
window is like all I used up and then
whenever I put it down all the snow like
flies in so I just I just didn't it does
I mean it looks really pretty but it's
so dangerous that's the problem like
goodness this has been quite the journey
friends but the gate is the best we're
gonna get
sting keeps blocking because of this
goodness it's just so pretty though we
made it home and the whole gang is here
welcome to water Tate Wednesday we
survived the snowstorm guys oh my
goodness is kicking off kicking off what
what all right let's go
so you decided to come outside and play
in the snow a little bit before bed
because the weather forecast says that
it's gonna rain tomorrow and then it's
all going to be gone and that won't be
fun but you know I had this like fun
idea we're gonna go and see if the
tractor will drive in the snow
you got a carrot for the snowman all
right now are we ready to see what the
tractor work okay look here nice we got
a fresh powder don't eat the carrot
we're the first people ever to walk here
guys
okay let me drag it out first
you gotta drag it out then we go here
okay hold on okay you guys ready okay I
have no idea if this is gonna work or
not
are you putting your foot down isn't
nothing happening maybe it needs a
little push wait for 1000 I gotta work
in go go come on
all right try to low gear try to low
gear try to low gear
Oh
yeah and I think this is working
hey guys with me hard Henry that's not
any time guys all right we're gonna
inside we got some food on the go kids
are bad we're watching this new show
that's on an MTV or a Sky glad to keep
you have it we don't have sky so we use
an arrow TV to watch it what's it all
again save me really good six episodes
check it out guys it's really good but
we am because of the snow and everything
guys which you already know because this
is the next day I wasn't able to get the
vlog up because it's stuck in London I
was there so close to being stuck there
and we wouldn't have gotten home here
who would be like terrifying but we did
and we got home we got the kids to bed
but something had to give and it was the
vlog
okay so sorry about that friends if
you're waiting for a video yesterday I
hope you also enjoyed the footage of my
sister making her igloo in Ireland it's
crazy how much snow is in Dublin right
now like my whole family are buried in
snow it's crazy and it's they say
friends if you are in up north or
Scotland or Wales or Ireland or even
England wherever you are if it's super
snowy stay safe come on mister come on
in in in in in in stay safe and I'll see
you guys tomorrow hope you enjoyed the
video thanks for watching
