hey down a little person he drinking
we'd be pretty good with a pretty smile
who you pretty go really smile yes you
if you all along
yeah no no what you got a big smile that
was equally as cute though equally is
cute
she just had a pink beat up yeah yeah oh
I'm just gonna go away I'm gonna come
back yeah I'm gonna go away I'm gonna
come back you know you go baby
you're so cute so J cutie pie well show
me where today less yeah so we are
toying with the idea of going to the
beach it was a couple hours ago but then
it started raining a bit I think we're
still going Erica wants to go to
Brighton when Erik is moving to my scene
no we really figure if you got an to
bridge home to the beach you mean unless
you to the beach
is that the rain has comments it's got
rainy and cold what's not raining right
now anymore
it's just also go probably we can still
go join us or oh oh
Emma Louis do you want to go on stick
you little toesies in the sand
yeah for a few little things I don't
even know we went just watch the vlogs
and yes the Conan Doyle oh I went to the
beach I went to the beach one day huh
summer summer summertime buggy chill you
go to a tea party Oh
Karrueche party if you go down into this
today
you surely get a surprise there is a
teddy bear picnic
you're gonna tell you bear picnic oh my
goodness look at you
cheese do one of those carriages not
like a stroller like you know the
old-fashioned like carry when we started
in Munich with the big wheels and stuff
as you need that we do you need huh all
right let's go
hey guys you want to go to the beach
running on the beach do you want to eat
a peach at the beach Oh mind about the
be the bees more concerned about you I
look at the glass with the lines moving
along more eat it yeah oh yeah like a
cow or a caterpillar is it true okay so
we made at a beach but it's lashing rain
and it's in the car bless ya what it is
oh my goodness of ours can you taste the
smell of the sea guardo in the rain it's
actually well goodness but we are doing
it we are doing it keep off the groins
the what ok you ready guys ah what a
nice beach experience what what a lovely
beach shot
like Monte Parker your hands
Wow sorry I just need to get this order
off my glasses all Network so you guys
are just beautiful to add me Beatrice
and I get a rule no critters oh that's
for you I'm pretty excited
Sammy I look at this one it's rolled
into Lola there's some pretty pebble
that's right down on the water pretty
well we made a sort of each just the
weather dramatically change College I'd
bring you through the beach today guys
yeah why don't they care they don't seem
to mind
Wow what's a good afternoon
yeah okay what a day what a beautiful
day if I could just comp in our green
screens and blue skies
over that time we're in California but
these Acula these are cute oh thanks I
think you can rent them why don't you
all you had to actually know why don't
you relative media which store we sign
it what videos orange one here that's
good as what get out you take a picture
of us you're a phony ah
I know come sign here beside me we'll
take a picture can you rent and just
live mornin either oh this is a
non-smoking hotel everyday okay
no smoking in there
you haven't got any idea how Eric is
house is big 20 staircases
Oh media there's another decade whoo
this is nice whoa cool what's in here
this is Erica's new high score there's
my walk-in wardrobe it is they walk it's
a walking water blood you can walk into
it
walking wardrobe I have one her name in
my room why did you want to live here
with Erica well did you know is the
slope Erica
all right give Erica hugs we got a
minibar it's getting good nurse well the
mini-fridge no bar what Eric is want to
try and find a house to live us okay
well don't be sad I'll be back soon yeah
you want to stay here okay I'll see you
later bye Erica yeah I'll see you guys
later
she's man care wouldn't even care my
handles apart to give me money huh
oh you're walking wardrobe thank you I
admitted come on give us a cuddle get
very good cuddle okay oh oh okay come on
let's go mrs. magorium we got to go see
Henry hugglemonster the two sisters
together
meanors watching her iPod I don't have
to be taught me time and what are you
doing in white Oh
careful I've got coffee day okay careful
hot coffee
well I got less of one where you can't
mess my bed
man not mmm what happens if you mess
mommy's bed well why me Jim horrible ah
that's sweet
I just do not to mess it when I've made
it because then it's what's the point of
making a tea like that and I know I'm
not the only one who shares that feeling
I was talking to Laura read this and she
was like I hate when Lily jumps on my
bed after I've put all the cushions
Laura's a nice mommy number and she said
she doesn't like when Lily jumps on her
bed after she's made it to I mean either
but yo said mommy y'all bad and you like
an old wreck and she's gone so cheesy
haven't you you've gone really cheeky
you need to stop being cheeky mister hey
Enzo
chosen to take control over the car and
he was like well I'm still in the car
like you just so cheeky myself
that's not your talk you expect oh you
don't have that but you do have that
seat but that's all right
you've got cute little feet come here
see you really don't think there's no
nice tea you're not cheesy they're nice
mmm are you doing what are you doing
money
oh my right she put the baby the other
way she's if she rolls old not control
her little print like that today was
kind of a failure today because it was
raining we didn't get to reverse the
beat just started ran down with the kids
in a split second I'm spot accident for
with the rest you ever cook she didn't
have to cover for her okay Amina had
picked up the baby while I was blogging
yeah
great parenting 101 I'm like in the room
with them and stuff still goes right
yeah the media's on her knickers on
display so I can't actually time oh man
yeah I'm not you're my child
tit audio picture what do you mean
normalize IV okay fat why am I not the
normal size in my picture so you cut a
baby without more dope makes me feel
crazy
to
