that's where are we at the airport and
Olaf is here we are collecting Erik hot
news around here so man I'll tell you
okay it's freaky or not frequent like
kinda like Jon thing is you can be
careful because like I don't know the
key army but it's definitely armed
please like it's all try to open I have
like all the roads closed off not done
they're looking at you like guns women
like whoa
series that's not on which is the mad
it's a weird - weird the weird time the
very time my name came back when I was a
kid going up to Northern Ireland all the
time my mom used to work in Belfast a
lot and having to go to like checkpoints
and stuff like that so I will haven't
seen that kind of stuff in a long time I
guess it's on people it's probably here
in America all this we farm so I guess
you kind of used to it
could you press that block could you
plop lip that oh no now it's orange
orange guys you don't want the orange
one now what are you going to do when
you first see Erica you're gonna break
into song look if it is black
welcome to got Big South Terminal now
paying attention look left and right
check your skates off crossbows okay all
there's a couple of those strollers over
there guys this is what I want though
from then when you get to have a go in
distance and departure we're not
departing are we departing what is this
is me why do we all sneak away on a
holiday together
do not would you just jump on a plane
and go anywhere where we go what what
you want to go to Center right now about
mom
hey CJ at home your dad this is old
Amelia time hold on
so Jonathan is just going to pick up
Eric hat from the airport kids have gone
with him except for an SES sleeping in
her bed right now I
they look bloodshot that's because I
have hay fever like really bad right now
and it's so annoying because it's like
if it's not one thing it's the other
well crack nipple it's enough you know
it's constant but yeah my eyes are
really like bloodshot and kind of just
like they're actually okay right now
with just generally itchy so I'm taking
so for it but it doesn't really cover
like the eyes for some reason you
recover I don't know I think I need like
stronger meds or something because like
from the doctor like prescription
medication because it's just every year
is the same thing good news is I fit
into these genes which are maternity as
you can tell but they were these are
size 8 maternity which stopped fitting
me like halfway through the pregnancy or
like 3/4 of the way through so that's
good because at least it means making
progress because these didn't fit like a
couple of weeks ago so you know and I'm
going to do my makeup because I have
some time when the baby's sleeping it's
really hot and kinda regretting cringing
but I wanted to look nice like Fabiano
my makeups not done
I just wanted to wear something nice and
I work some my Valentino flats because
they look kind of cute with this top in
the ripped jeans I think it looks kind
of come in a set of blazer as well but I
can put on top so go get ready now to
update you guys hold rescuing ok he
wants to get in you can both get you can
both fit remember you can post it all
right Eduardo's Gucci bum to the corner
this is made for a family
how we doing the working is it is it
working
yeah all right we made it work all right
let's go let's go let us go what that
was a big one
Jenny - whoo all right dum-dum down
faster how fast you want to go guys
do you see Erica the easy answer hmm
Eduardo got up this morning went out of
the kitchen how much chocolate did you
eat I don't know Lynch bunny well I
think somebody might have encouraged him
and entire lid bunny some granola bars
oh and all laughing yeah yeah the
evidence are you waiting long okay all
right let's go
are we all aboard all the children
aboard I just look at this oh no no
really you've grown and the Pez wasn't
well thankfully it's not working
all right work you folks feel like a
diver okay done there's been a hungry
baby uh-huh
I love his little baby don't you feel
baby
oh you don't get email baby no hey I'll
be I will end you you stay in your bed
can you get some three nube ass come on
obesity right are you all gonna fit for
me can you sit ah
six hold on I can't sit in a spit
he'll fit dubler fit Oh cook grown as a
yeah and that a friend
how'd you get your dog to come rent any
of them you can have one too you did
absolutely nothing but so I'm making a
sandwich of avocado and feta cheese I
think yes
oh here we are
set a cheese avocado mushed up and
microbe some Tomatoes
who knows on the face is fine
ow ow ow ow ow ow hello everybody it is
me or less yeah oh boy oh boy
Oh careful where to where to where I'm
with new Khan Oh careful careful sire
oh geez oh geez almost Oh Jimmy okay
nope
you've no idea what you just happened
wardo that could have been dangerous
okay so you wouldn't believe it lies is
that boy who believe is actually lash
and rain
oh it was so good for the whole week
when I was shooting which is amazing but
today immediate letter show on for a
couple of days now and whatever we need
as Iping like drivers of the show
dropping her off and waiting outside to
stage or because she only goes in for
like they're like half an hour and she's
there for but today we're all going to
finally see her and it slushy rain my
goodness Celestia excuse me I'm gonna
flock here I know I see him on his long
but nothing no wow uh-oh
this is literally what I'm doing right
now
Amelia's partly misleading last night or
yesterday and bled into her with her
superior
into curve - so I washed them now
they're soaking wet so I have to do this
you
all right how we're all here
are we ready guys are we ready this is
it the final performance and we're all
in the audience here so it's got to be a
best one tonight okay lots of audience
but tonight's the one in media you got
to make a fast effort huh even Alessio
come now hopefully Silesia has been cry
catch up guys
so folks hopefully she doesn't scream
crying in the audience guys we could
cross now drag them kreygam why come on
we're going to miss the light ah we
missed it okay show's over
huh Alexia's you want to be like Emilia
when they grow up
all three of them will be in the ballet
show one day together okay let's go guys
let's go let us go are you excited we
did all right we're just starting to
have to take it
meet us in here I'm going to drop her
off at the stage for a minute
Oh upstairs Olivia
all right I've dropped Amelia back to
the behind the stage we're sitting here
waiting Lexi's out our first aid show to
let the excited is then I say excited
what because behind the curtains is the
magic remember we cluster Zarrella here
yeah Cinderella was here today today and
Amelia is going to be on stage very
exciting she's going to way well maybe
Cinderella still there might be a bit
artist Cinderella still there was this
exciting they chose back to start are
you excited Eduardo I'm excited
chonmage ever detect and minute now are
you going to clap I'm going to do a big
hop scream I'm going to go for ok real
tiny tiny little class forgot a tomato
oh oh oh ok so I'm back and I collected
a media and I saw me difference - ah so
you're on stage you were so good
did you see us but we saw you go - claps
and running around and everything was so
good and we now so proud of you huh that
he was so emotional
so wise when he was hit attaboy Tijeras
copping and warda was screaming for you
huh
because you're on the big stage yeah you
are far away but I'm so proud of you I
hear I hear all the clapping as well
I'm so glad I mean act was so proud of
you
let's yeah bed and slept and Eduardo
said he wants to join your ballet school
he wants to do one of the Tigers yeah
Eduardo wants to join your valet he said
yeah everyone's good one that's ok see
shoes so mad like which is in the class
is the wrong little world but why are
you proud of her
