welcome to the video presentation of the
Saturday what the hell was that
something's being thrown at me my way
was it you little boy did you throw a
little toy
you will try to annoy me
to the G a little boy it's a smart card
my friend if you throw that we will
pretend that Mina has another highlight
show today Eduardo who are you that if
you got Tinkerbell why oh that's no
white we think about outfit on what
Anna's over there yeah you can get a
little bump whining
are you ready immediately good you are
like a full time performance are you
ready for performance today young lady
have you rehearse did you rehearse last
night yeah yeah I did ah that's a
matinee prefer my kid yo you can't just
go around yeah open on Daddy's daddy's
were not all rich oh no I feel this
could go terribly wrong
oh my goodness and the show is cancelled
because Emilio broke a leg well I like
your laugh I like you I could actually
jump my dad√≠s
I don't know didn't say I don't know
this is what's gonna happen when I got
three Obama Chino children
my life like the life and times of
Jonathan ciccone Joe father tomorrow
father Melia
para Bolivia he hasn't guada and from
this friends we all don't go to the set
all right yeah
let me see oh yeah you have to be
careful because you're black dancing in
the ballet show just be careful with
your little feet okay they're precious
should I put a plaster on let me see I
think it's a blood sister oh no it's
just bloody okay I'll get a posture oh
okay all right
how did you get one - oh here yeah I
don't like a serious one really serious
is it a little one okay world
championship the finale in the Olympics
II drop Amelia Thomasina comes up can
she take the gold that word of the
college only does it he does it a croco
world a media comes in this is it this
is it
can she do it can she take the gold Oh
daddy is ready for the seat drop he's
preparing himself he's getting himself
ready why's your time here oh wait
you're not here huh
I have questions about dogs hello my
name is Anton Athena hello
what a who's your man dude oh boy oh boy
oh boy
escalation no how is this a piece of
party Friday night no like the old days
last week we didn't pee everywhere we'd
love to let you up here all the time
Cena's a bit guilty this is mommy Cena
and bad EP Oh No
hmm giving a cutter right out that's a
very nice brotherly thing to do tear
your brought your sister from another
mister okay so we just did a media's
makeup for being quiet because - I do -
lipstick Asian tree now we have to do
her hair honestly the hardest part the
case it's a lipstick I find like the
other parts are easy like the lips are
just so hard they put their mouth and
everything okay leave that for a second
let's do your hair we need it slipped up
you don't need that today come on
quickly
cuz it's half possible for you come on
let's do your hair
and then you'll be done you looking at
horrible today is the matinee
performance immediately I have to give
it all you have to give it your all
but at the same time you have to be
family-friendly okay because it's their
back so no peeking anyone up onstage or
anything huh it won't be kicking at G
but is it a crime be sure you're doing
correctly you're cracking show oh you
know what if they all have that all
falls down for the floor falls and
all right let's go now why are we going
again
don't kick it out jeepers supposed to be
a ballerina not a karate person a good
big brother
and then she absolutely loves wine oh
it's so cute anytime she gets fussy he
said yeah yeah and she starts smiling
like she's smiling at you I don't she
says oh she does love him but she just
thinks he's going painting I can tell
like her face lights up when he comes
over like same as a media but I think
she thinks that he's put here the best
Big Brother and a whole one hey hey what
I'll just get the skin okay this is a
new game mm-hmm laughs ah plaster
plaster yeah Oh instead of skin to skin
classic luster play yeah all right lift
up your top she's not making her or I
know put your leg out looking smiley put
your leg out and touch her like she's
basically screams goodness Mary advocate
I just don't want to get them undress
hmm yeah all right okay I'm gonna give
her some milk now okay oh man fever you
can hold her in a minute yeah I'll just
need to give her some milk okay and then
you can order all you want
we layers at her show I'm going to go
collect her in about 40 minutes so I'm
just going to wander around pain sleep
for about 40 minutes and get some light
bulbs
check out the things look at these low
for chah's no wait actually showing a
blue light
oh there's no battery to test it okay I
guess we'll never know
but yeah girl is right here why some
things I don't need which is rappin for
the next act is merely cat stained by oh
maybe we need too many amazing oh my
goodness like on the American stuff what
snowball Gobstopper
oh goodness my grandma haha
Lucky Charms we oh my goodness Anna
would lose herself and it would
literally lose her life I'm gonna get it
for she would literally lose herself
greased up like I would never I'm not a
fan of peanut butter I think I'd like to
hear what are you bawling to butter
coffee see what her fingers well I think
we're gonna get her that she's gonna
like hate me for it because she's gonna
eat it all in one sitting but it'll be
good honey guys this is a honey right if
it's when I use but when we run in a
honey right I started using so-called
agar they it's amazing and apparently
it's good for you so it's like what is
this peanut butter and chocolate spread
very good probably a terrible idea
what I feel like
for when they going to do the recent
teachers challenge
there are people down the weekly
challenge how much weight can you eat
and different variable types of uses
it's a retail clustered now we're just
having a little snack I'm having
raspberries and is why we decided on an
apple so he's using it as sighs
something to do it almost on
that is in her sway she really doesn't
like oh so like she can only go in for
about five minutes maximum at a time
otherwise she got through setup and I
just played the splenius trick on
Eduardo I told him I was like careful
that a bird is dead and get your Apple
and then I went to the window over there
I was open other way so funny I'm so
mean I'm such a horrible
I'd like come for him after it's me like
some reason sorry okay cuz he genuinely
got a phrase like oh so mean but this is
always going to miss right
this is the kind of all the one that I
usually buy because Ana does not drink
at all and then I feel it there's no
point in mine a big bottle of wine and
like working it all the time I don't
take a lot like unless I'm at like out
out what advocate and again I think all
of this for them this is great you do
you got to get these like little tiny
one
definitely little little shot shots of
wine to this world free pack recycle my
fave like my absolute fave little three
pockets like when I was younger ladder
was always the six-pack of beer and then
I'm older it's a six-pack of Prosecco
only because lads I can keep the weight
off I think there to make the second
wine is like diet their funny thing
about cereal trend is that there's
always a balance of life fun I'm healthy
I'm trying to find a balance in Poland
houses not too much fun like some of
them are not too healthy like this it
might be a little too much fun then if
you go to healthy the kids like you know
for like will buy all these like organic
ones for its I even chocolates like coca
and all here so most of them for like
different stuff like meeting all my
goodness I say it's what is this what is
it much more an ethereal 20 favorite
multigrain mallanna okay
all right mallanna starts okey-dokey one
and Prosecco
when's the Sainsbury's and I just got
the basic for you huh Reese's Popeyes
come on now I try to get left on the lot
on it huh
it seems healthy look at multigrain
cereal cereal ever what's not like I got
Reese's Pieces bread to go with it huh I
know I thought of that in American
section what else did we get Oh oh well
I dig at the guys guys do you guys like
mushrooms yeah there's like mushrooms
right that's what I did while waiting
the show
you
