all right we're on the way fourth day of
filming and I get these guys here one of
them is a dummy strike that guy ha look
at these guys all need to be taller
taller than your brother Michael made
him Michael makes people yeah I make
baby Michael makes people so Alessi and
I are going on a little adventure
together we have her check her
appointment check my check and checkup
appointment is what I went today so
that's where we're headed now and then I
have to register her one more dogs at
the doctor's because it's a lot more
complicated over here in England than it
is in Ireland to get your child
vaccinated and then registered and the
doctors in Ireland that happens
automatically like you just bring your
chance to GP when everyone and you don't
do anything anyway but over here you
have to actually register them and do
like a whole on paperwork and stuff
before you can actually get them their
vaccinations which I know so
so learning curve you know what I mean
yeah
and now we're hopefully don't where I'm
going I should actually put it insert
that into Scott now just in case I get
lost so Eduardo has turned into Batman a
warning we're sure you're free your abs
look at those a blue seal that's mine
look like exactly it actually modeled
this off me is it too hard for abs yeah
I feel the same way
Oh let me see you turn around
whoa bad guys beware hey there's a bad
guy over there who we gonna call Batman
Eduardo do do do do you Eduardo I mean
is getting yourself prepared over here
ah what a gay afford an accountant
are you superheroes guys we good oh I
can get using a fast can you run that by
mine then and in it and and in a Capano
pop come run back this way get in and it
Batman
whoa Supergirl oh and I get bhutesu
bizarro Wow
why I don't have a superpower guys I'm
boring I my superpower is school runs I
can rain shows not a skill run is that
super water
hmm what do not do that to me
oi oi come on back girl woman bats email
back person whatever you are
oh no the bike has got you all right
show me how fast you can run dead nnnn
nnnn
can you run then and then and then and
then it Dan hey I'll have to dark the
lights done all crazy you know so I'm
back when I'm in the same position but
I'm back from tell us health visitors it
was fine but now I've just realised Tina
has a tick so I need to bring her to
that which is just fabulous BPA bosina
set mummy in repeat busy right you need
to move over you go in the state good
girl
and mommy's going to stay here okay it's
absolutely disgusting guys I hate stuff
like this like I literally cannot go
with ticks my dog's fur another dog i
watching
and so jealous
all right okay
oh my god I just made a really quick
appointment
buddy I am nothing they could squeeze me
in because they have to remove the tick
it's literally a little sucker but like
sucking the blood out of her head
disgusting like absolutely vile people
creatures but anyway I'm going to sort
it out now spin are we going to start it
out now these little ragamuffins oqr
they like what about me all right we're
going to shoot the last scene but
everybody it's the whole crew well all
the cats are gone home but it is the
crew this is the woman I made it happen
they got sunburned badly sunburned the
whole crew Emeritus everybody tomorrow I
have to take the photographs this is not
the group I'm going to take the
photograph
all right god it's great okay let's go
dig up an actual
that's Oh No so I am home from shooting
today no I need more cuts uh no I'm just
picking myself an immediate picking off
yeah I said that's a Brits link of
bruising it's not real though but today
who came on set and who had a little a
little part-time like we had her like
backer I like this but I had to add like
she just walked in with his wardo if
you're going to receive the most movie
like it won't it's not going to be ever
on YouTube or anything it's going to be
I guess you get this that's what my goal
is
oh damn a makeup artist to this she's
going to do it again tomorrow I think
it's again tomorrow
yeah who we doing we say goodbye to
everybody that that's much most of the
cast or most of the crew were looking
whoo but there's some some of the cast
and crew are in tomorrow again yeah oh
and tomorrow I'm actually meeting up
with the team eggwin team I'm gonna have
a look at the book the next phase of
illustrations and stuff like that like
writing a kids book is different it's
like I wrote the story like ages ago and
then you know we have to bring me to
find an illustrator and then we
eventually identify an illustrator and
then you know as she shows me like the
first drafts of her stuff I'm like all
that I start changing my story because
I'm my partner really good and that's
what it is like forever like adding
things and JT veins and stuff like that
like you know it's really funky or make
you guys like the best
friendliest friends books you get don't
make you guys the best film as well what
are you doing
come on folks man upstairs okay
good morning and welcome yeah yeah I
have no idea what that is
okay so I haven't eaten a meeting I had
a meeting this morning with the project
rail and guys outfit you want to see the
son of a gun
yeah you want to see the book okay that
cat an apple and this is the again but
it's not colored in yes
is it that can you spot everybody yeah
yeah yeah yeah Familia
Eduardo molestia mommy daddy the cat huh
you guys come home from school and yeah
what is it cool guys thinking anything
that is the meaning that I have a very
important meeting
I'm Amy for self respect
I know inherited wardo will you try to
help mommy yeah that's okay though
because you were you're being a good boy
so ask it meets what publishes and never
heading off to do the final scene final
scene and that's it folks then the
shooting is over every post-production
for the next 16 years but em yeah I'll
miss those guys were a bit enough
alright we're here on the last location
of the film only the coolest people
remain ah oh is he's not here tonight
should make a joke I'm getting at is the
first time we actually got to see my
face look oh wow oh my goodness look at
oh wow
that's good ouch my goodness everybody
my proper like busting my head open
bingo which I did all right good.you
opens hotel it's so nice this is where I
was a run for the egg mom meaning back
here now we're trying to make that
operation make a hotel room feel like a
home
so it looks like an ad or something so
well yes I may be affected by the fumes
of the makeup I love you guys all I have
are you guys oh my goodness guys where
has been smashed over Oh like this this
is how to make a movie
oh good it's up here we'll go stick in
making I'm taping cameras and mirrors
what other cameras looking at cameras
taping cameras and mirrors oh my
goodness and then smashing boxes of wood
and hoping it all works and the end okay
the magic of film wise word in all the
mystery oh okay again reusing the super
box of Z oh the great brand
it helped us through everything what
everyone have comments about Harry
Styles over here at Harry Styles little
brother seriously man he does that you
seen the song which was is it time you
like no I'm not you do what your brother
be so annoyed sure okay right manager
I'm going to copy it and so I just got
home in time to bring Emilia to the show
oh my goodness let me give you got gel
in your hair you got makeup on Wow
who put your makeup on come on
Wow careful don't don't touch me I don't
know where your face it was going it to
smudge and line extra yeah Iseman oh do
you know what you're doing in your show
okay show me here we go five six wheel
your garden I know you can remind you
what I am I'm going to tell you all the
time
okay ready here we go five six seven
eight go you know you do you climb up
the guard island
no no show me tap oh oh you watching TV
all right we're all ready we're heading
to the ballet for the fish forget you
little princess yeah are you so excited
these are like that don't forget your
dance now
you know her okay
that's already successor oh okay now
it's kind of funny because like every
kid here all checked up with your head
up on the shelf gonna put all the kids
over there everyone around here charlie
is in your class that was his sister was
it okay
what a day for it whoo sunny we are back
home after the show and Amelia is
officially a superstar are you
officially a superstar tell us all the
better hey Wow
the curtains went up yeah yeah I did
just an yeah whoa whoa and then everyone
clap no oh oh the walks Oh
oh we're getting a full get in the full
show don't we go yeah yeah okay into a
lie and then sow again a cat
Wow that everyone clap for you you so
good Quinton Tomomi you guys look like
twins if you love that you're gonna do
it all again so hyper when she came as
so hyper oh my goodness full-time
superstar yeah every day every day for
the rest of your life
and
