hello friends welcome to not the best
day of the best year or the month of
your life hello Bianca so these videos
are probably all over the place because
I'm shooting this film all this week
long so they're not going to be in the
correct order or in the correct days but
last night Manchester at that ariana
grande concert was that an explosion and
my like system it's just a worse like
you know like a little kids pop concert
you know she's like was really crying
this morning because I was just like it
like accidently my kids that was
someone's children like it was like
totally like 20 thousand little kiddies
at that thing like young people i what
the hell hell was that about like you
know not that like okay like you know
it's cool with older people were still
like she's like man you think like I'm a
parent I got kids you know so more in
the mindset of more that's like to be a
parent and I think like yeah like Amelia
and her mates like in a couple years
like all coaches ariana grande
contributing like it's going to be fine
it's going to be a safe place it's just
a little kids concert everything's going
to be fine you know I mean they're gonna
rush is there everyone else's kids there
it's safe it's the same thing let's go
do it like oh my goodness mmm sorry
debbie downer guys just
I'm a mom I'm upset I'm sad about that
Salman Sydney world anyway I gotta go
give the kids their breakfast and then I
gotta go bring him school and then I'm
going back on set Anna is killing it by
the way with the clogs these days she's
doing such a good job and there's
another bird in that there's so many
birds lately all right thank you won't
go into let's go inside kissing our
uniform there was there somebody in the
forms that they got hats everything on
so I kind of shell you know what I look
pretty cute
dimensional hi hi so I'm going to dress
today
sk√°l I love this on you it's so cute
and I'm a little bit of a chewing
situation they're chewing her dress but
she looks so cute
oh I went with pink on my nails I don't
know if I updated you guys on that it's
like a fluorescent pink I love it hmm
and I got the thing on my toes at the
scene when I do these can't wait for her
to paint her nails for the first time
think maybe I was like eight months and
was a disaster maybe nine months
actually think on holiday in Italy eight
or nine months something like that but
it doesn't really work out the way you
plan it to and it was just your toenails
obviously yeah speaker the code that you
follow he says to her too slow
thanks mom thank you
your douche mom she had a little nap
this morning from 9 to 10 I pumped and
then I want to presume soon like 5 to 12
but she kind of was dreaming like sleep
feeding on these I don't want her tired
she is right now you don't look very
tired
hmm we don't look very tired
nope
not yet two of the shoot and the shoes
has come to a halt because we have just
found baby lambs oh my goodness everyone
get it away
look what we found oh do we get to keep
them they're so cute
they could be extras and yellow chickens
over here hello wait again
I think I'm communicating but mom dude
oh talking food open house it didn't
seem very excited
Kenji we're all you're so cute so cute
I do the chicken study excited oh good
call good call
come on she's a vegan can't you sense
yeah
we are poor or vive you oh oh oh oh oh
oh thank you
not eating off the hand that's yummy
isn't it no oh give me the place you
know yeah they're so cute are you coming
over to you know I think it's so cute
room with Jonas this is the best
location ever the day to zone was
actually like it's like five o'clock we
were shooting all day long today friends
they twos nearly rats but I'm it's going
really well
it's going really well so now I'm going
to eat some food ordered Nando's that's
a data Betty Nando's you've seen those
little babies
stuff money just how much and then those
there is oh my god you can smell it just
follow this mouth part on his mouth
sorry I got your dip is how you got my
favorite if I really take on my hands
until I'll cut up to love it the top day
for me so Eduardo's back from school
and what we do today this time that you
done yeah when you're down wreck it is
music yeah well with the music teacher
was she nice dear
you know she's Charlie's mommy enemy
next one this is not last time we did
the capital offense
you did a caterpillar son was up for
assembly whoa what a meanie others back
oh yeah yes oh I think it humbly Oh
what was what just was hard job would
you succumb okay looks like yeah but
you're talking to mummy
alright that's five minute okay bye
poor thing he was getting me a burp
cloth and he was like trying to be
really fast about it honey
so she and I sold understand dude it was
really fun he was trying to rush back
he's running down the stairs and I was
like be careful and then I heard a big
bud and I was wanting a baby I was like
so I had to like run over and then he
grabbed my hand yeah and you were like I
could see his feet through the banister
like one was up here one was down here
wasn't it you're all over the place like
an octopus legs everywhere all right it
was sad though because he was just
trying to be nice and like helpful and
just try to do it he was like maybe
reduce lost crying but he was fine thank
God
Caitlin stares pretty scary
are you not going back out again come on
I miss you what about ya delicious all
right guys it's the next day of shooting
okay it's just a three course it's a
four
I can't remember it's at the end of day
it's like high-stakes or five o'clock or
something up and look I just want to
show you guys we're back here this is
where we shot the comic relief seeing
you guys remember all the beds and stuff
that's how because we've been working on
this movie for about three months now
and when we were talked about in the
comic relief thing we'd already scoped
at this hospital and we were like let's
do it another way another good day of
filming done friend oh you're just
finished and we have the coffee's the
most important person I've got my one
yes oh if you got everything hope so
hope so do you remember this guy's right
I'm jacking looks good looks good so
last year's outfit super cute and it's
like a ticket angel typical week yes you
do don't mind the dog sorry one second I
am so sweaty you can actually see here
where my makeup stripped off don't ask
me why I'm wore makeup I like started
putting on this morning and I remembered
that I was trying to work out like Oh
what am i doing but sometimes it kind of
makes me feel a bit better just like
wearing some makeup even just to work it
it's only a mineral makeup so it's okay
but yeah sometimes it just like makes me
feel better
um milk still cute puppy all right don't
tell Anibal we got another dog hi dog
number 700 there's always a dog everyday
I'm gonna use him going on the user Oh
how old is up either puppy right Oh six
months six years yeah what oh my turn to
take a 6 year old dog so mostly across
then it's a miniature one nice mess
oh hey uh she's mostly very busy oh yeah
aw jeez okay do you do you little dress
oh you look so cute
slipping slightly slipping everything
you make them stop the dogs in I need to
threat this out every day restored so
anyway hmm thinking you might do my hair
actually shakes I'm making a free minute
when she's napping um anyway I did my
first I know I said that before that I
did my first intense workout with Lucy
but this one was really intense like we
did like 70 jump squats like it was
crazy so I am sweating like seriously
sweating but I needed it like I need to
feel like I'm getting back into it
because I just have been feeling really
low about myself lately I think it's
just more more like postpartum bo I
don't know it's just hard um yeah let
you make it all worth it though here so
whew
we shall feel we should yeah check
upstairs I need to get every sweaty
clothes okay
ah
