good morning and welcome to the 23rd
best day of the sixth month of the best
year were off somewhere really special
and nobody tell anyone we were going
wasn't an der Rohe guys budget down the
road they go oh guys are you tell me we
spot anything I decide oh all right and
they made a lego what's that what this
oh my God look at the sign oh my guys we
look to go ho tell me that a Lego Lego
oh yeah it's a nice man look at the
berries oh my god you're actually doing
like oh there's a little lego man oh
yeah look at the lego man I'm seeing
things in block oh cool get ready to
high and awesome or what's gonna say and
also watch it often like guys day out
unless they've got all the letters of
the piece I wonder w
are you excited right now
does it W oh did it smell welcome oh
yeah maybe like a whole let's park up
and let's go there hi guys I like how
all those planes are like like alright
yeah or Legoland guys we are here today
because the Sun super days and Lego
invited us here today to tell you all
about an exciting opportunity all you
need to do is collect two free tickets
were over a hundred and twenty pounds in
the Sun newspaper between May 20th and
June 6th collect ten a couple eighteen
tokens to get free tickets the last day
to start collecting is May 28th how
exciting guys so get the Sun newspaper
get the super day's Lego tokens save
them up guys and boom you can come here
to Legoland and have a Lego tastic time
like we're about to have to sit back and
watch what a Legos are you ready for
Lego plastic time guys yeah all right
oh jeez hey guys there's a new white
coming did you know that the Ninjago
right early colonial yo it's not open
yet
Legoland this is very exciting guys very
exciting guys if your family is actually
real Lego it is really like I mean if
you want to sit down with them do you
want to sit down with the family no all
you want to see the dragon the dragon
looking at guys is made at an actual
Lego okay when we get home guys I'm
expecting you to go and make this for me
at a Lego can you do that for me
oh wait I will show you have the lens
cut off talking good so you're good
okay guys do you want to go where do you
want to go we've got like Star Wars
world
we've got underwater world you wanna see
the officious that leg overs are so real
fifty five hundred ninety five thousand
Lego bricks oh my goodness
five hundred ninety five styles and Lego
bricks guys how long's he not might take
us to do
should we get five hundred ninety five
thousand LEGO bricks and try and make -
imagine imagine a media we made uh
Sakuni Jolie's Lego you can make a giant
Lego thing like that imagine s the whole
family Lego what you can't get off you
don't have to get up for okay let's go
let's go let's go moving on moving on
learner we're going down we're going
down we're going down
come on we gotta catch up with right Oh
what I there is an option to take this
area or take the thing with an ax talk
or to go this way okay I'm going to meet
you down the bottom okay you go for it
I'm going to meet at the bottom all
right we're just going to get on this
airplane here so it's makes it a bit
annoying but it should be okay guys so
climb on it so climb in it don't climb
it I wasn't joking reporter don't go a
minute climb it
how cool is that like someone made that
I cannot believe like it is a shy
thinking test guys
Legoland is actual real Lego look it's
actual real blocks it's war know it
happens there although that is a kind of
funny
like you love it
daddy will be able to build you wonder
that when we get home come on oh come on
come on oh my goodness guys I want work
and here's our Eduardo is in his element
they're just running around we haven't
even gone to one of the main attractions
or rides yes but they're too busy just
running around but all a little bit
let's go go go catch up you want to go
in to watch roll
whoa boy I don't know about that one
Eduardo is that scary you want to go on
that one I know I love you there look at
the Lego men on the top oh boy it's so
cool I guess what oh my goodness go pick
one which one are you not BMO we're
number nine number nine number nine
drive drive drive drive drive drive turn
turn turn turn turn turn turn
don't question for the day okay crashing
everybody oh no oh my god I did guys
it's like miniature world
it's so central imagine that in the back
of our house much we feel that in the
house that's so cool
exactly the same could you imagine huh
oh my goodness look at this day will not
be so cool that would be the dream life
is a working boat oh my goodness I need
this in my life I need one of these in
my life but oh the cows over here Melia
I look with hummons
this is so cool oh here comes the train
yeah so it's stopping
I'm so cool what's a mini offense unless
he's asleeping through her lego
experience oh my goodness restaurants
fold it's a room for us
it's good to blow valley that sounds
like the best Valley but he's made
energy flow it's like opening for life
rocket Italy Italy
welcome to DUPLO Valley what luck Duplo
Valley
oh look anything personal is your Lego
what what do that I co-financed wait for
everybody else
you're excited you can't come to
Legoland without getting some Lego toys
that are actually lego movie we saw this
movie guys remember and look at wardo
got a Batman
oh look they've got ninjas here as well
oh hello Batman
hello Batman hello Batman is Minnie hi
I'm a ninja I do Batman voice is that
Val enjoys oh yeah what we're going to
get an SBA guys
sorry everyone to get elected a we're
going to go a piggy go alright we are so
we're going to look at a tunic so funny
but I also look nobody I'm wearing a
giant a giant one I have a giant went on
I have a daddy what Oliver you guys are
so funny
Anna and Eduardo going on a police
helicopter myself and Amelia just went
on it what oh don't - Oh Eduardo no
George don't do it captain Eduardo hello
captain Eduardo Oh guys look there's the
new what I was talking about coming soon
who else exciting we are looking for
food hmm which will food will we get
hide popcorn so for dinner we got a
healthy selection of fresh warm Donuts
is my one look at our review though we
have some here that's the world okay but
look at the Lego plane this is so real
the nice little view alright sit down
guys and have your ice creams and donut
hey do I know you try to climb the ten
whoa whoa lucky why rape Amelia
look at this though imagine making that
all me did you think you could make it
huh oh my goodness across this stuff
Amelia LEGO Friends some data might be
Lego friendliest friends huh huh could
happen could be a thing what are you
doing you got a hook in your head oh my
god it's such a fun day guys a Lego day
I've actually I've quite enjoyed have
you enjoyed it I quite enjoyed this one
it's also fun for adults life not just
fun to the kiddos but they also have
amazing sugary doughnuts and it rained a
bit my hair's bit of a mess but I'm okay
with that I'm okay with that you want
something else right Oh join some people
where by my employ
alright guys money about five minutes to
pick a toy don't take that off that's an
alarm that's not the toy oh are you
about my mother hook in his head and we
are back at the car where it all began
guys kind of starting that Alessia back
there did you have fun in Legoland guys
did you can also store you are lots of
Legoland stuff as well put the Hat on
put the hat on together oh yeah you guys
go cool Oh anyway guys I'm going to
leave a link down below like I said at
the start don't forget to get the Sun
newspaper collect the tokens link down
below all the information that you will
need and come to Legoland bring you
along maybe I'll see you guys here
