guys don't be disappointed but I'm not
putting up a proper vlog today in light
of what happened in Manchester I just
feel it's really like I had planned
playing this super special video up
which I told you guys he filmed a few
days ago he was scheduled to go live
today but I just I can't put it off I
just like I was the most disgusting
thing that happened in Manchester and I
know so many people who will probably
there probably watch our videos and like
as a parent to think about like what is
that like that's just kids like it's
just so terrible you know so I just feel
like it was just I'm just I just I can't
and I can't allow that can't do anything
guys so how many sorry if you are hoping
for video just tomorrow to play video
I'm also going to put in a picture here
which is going to show if you guys are I
just lost people or you're missing or
you're lost yourself or I have no what
to say you guys this is horrible you
know be safe out there folks
see you guys tomorrow bye
