there were five in the bed and the
little one make the best editor next one
said hi
add the eyebrows that is it a nap and
they can do it
good morning and welcome to the 21st
bath day of the fifth month of your
eyeball of your life we're all showing
in the bed nice directed here Leslie is
having a very fun morning when her
brothers insisted ah she's having a
smiley time that everybody jelly sis
Joey who's Joey
well Joey don't you make us dizzy
you're just dreaming like oh my god -
Joey's party what happened to thank you
for gently why don't you are a mental
man Romania as well - right okay in the
family it is a family photo art oh come
on oh she's a whore publish
forget this me alright Jess go right
here got a baby on the top and the day
the bottom is everywhere he's on the
dachshund is on the oh my goodness go
good boy you oh no I was on all night
what I know we went into the
sitting-room instead Oh No all night
long the doggies will be listening to us
to sleep hello you know
alright guys now Oh seeing this it's
Pancake Day I mean yeah I mean yeah we
just hold these boxes eggs please just
on it I know you did which was play
deflecting 100 as if everybody oh good
idea guy you don't want out huh okay
yeah mommy fake mommy's making the Thank
You super mm okay you can help me but
you can't eat the Nutella mm-hmm oh I
use chocolate chips yeah you're gonna
have chocolate chippies a tomorrow hmm
pizu birthday too I didn't I'm gonna do
that chocolate
I don't want you talking you talk it is
a chocolate chip guys we found a new
bird we've just just kind of the Nixon
appointee somebody let us know what it
is knee problems like underneath his
tail he became human before he goes so
look it's got like a little look
underneath his tail it's like bright red
you can't even see that now or we only
get like Robin and then she says it'll
like lady do and that was their proper
zoom on them Jonathan up give it a
woodpecker is it a woodpecker look at it
big it does look a bit what peccary oh
my goodness better what record how would
it be that shot
look at her I'm so pokey Google just
like a nature program guys do it fast
wild whatever I'm excited mister eats
the saucony jolie food he wonders am I
going to be on the vlog today oh my God
look oh my what pecker yeah look at him
that's actually hear me favors oh my god
that was the coolest thing I've ever
seen
Wow I'm not sure you can see we have a
pet woodpecker immediately a woodpecker
like that you know we're taking out you
know Woody Woodpecker and where do we
saw a woodpecker the woodpecker not is a
coolest thing ever
I don't think I've ever seen one before
me that's why you feed you never know
what you're going to bring you invite
him guys came in second in hopping
pretty soon huh nope he's in like that
flower bed okay what he's like or like
that was in hey look guys look at the
way he helps friend
oh my station
deceive Amelia for feeding the birds
now we're encouraged because we found a
woodpecker girl what I like together
might be honest legal or something and
even might steal a dog though this may
be bits that draw you get the squirrel
yeah they go to the squirrel or a little
mice sometimes it is mice living in
there yeah woody believe me
good job sire you helped my right Pardo
you can do this with me because it's
important it's important look how cute
Amelia's hair look Wow so it's doing
this like little 1960 like hair spray
type look how cute is that and it does
it naturally itself when you brush it so
when I brush it like that it just
springs back up Amelia are you aware
that your hair is amazing alright so the
leg bones connected to the foot bone but
bones connected to the this oh you broke
the spine Amelia so try to build wardo
is it when I go in the dark with 100
bills and play cake time Construction
Set okay okay okay 39:18 really enjoys
oh we got a Peppa
we decided to be what's that okay we got
him to live
hello doggies we need to let the man out
is he free he's free he's free to be
whatever he all right
so we guy I made the kid's lunch I made
them a cream cheese and salmon rolls and
then we ordered ourselves some bills
takeaway and I got the fish finger
sandwich let's let's hear everyone
else's where's everybody else guys oh my
goodness oh the drama in your food oh
okay bye
well no one's your favorite guys I got a
fish finger sandwich leave comments what
is your favorite thing to order on bills
in bills if you know what bills is
restaurant in England if you have a bill
if you maybe you're your dad's call bill
what's your favorite thing your dad
makes when you guys come to suit yeah I
might to libero
from people that's an idea imagine like
like independent like Jane dandro makes
really nice lasagna and you could like
order a lasagna from James and the guy
comes up to George like hi there I'm
here to collect a lasagna for your
neighbor not sure why he sounds like
that but
not bread Thai curry I never thought my
Hannah curry looked hurry
in Barbra Jean yeah you got that is that
you what I meet I made you a salmon and
cream cheese sandwich oh no this isn't
dinner she's like I already had lunch it
was the Internet
halloumi brioche or something probably
Emma oh no
halloumi burger Garth
Oh burger burger don't you want some a
daddy's sweet potato fries ice cream
there's no justice here I never thought
that ordering would you guys say friggin
Sam oh yeah roommate you always get the
same thing dad idea
I feel a out there ray a drop of Golden
Sun me a name I call myself that rod so
Neil calling trash la anoche follows our
tea a drink with jam and bread dad will
bring us back to doe doe doe doe doe a
deer
oh my gosh we should remake the standard
music as a special episode sometime
since what no no no we'd love to
sneaking downstairs to the basin right
now
well I've got checked the trick all
worked out
I
Oh
Oh
I am
