hello and welcome to the 20th birthday
of the fifth month is the best year of
your life unless he's not having it up
here of her life so she does savor an
oil change in there we're just out all
day guys doing a job which it's a video
that's going to be coming out in a
couple of days I can't tell you where we
are right now but very exciting it's
coming out in a couple of days maybe you
recognize
excitedly oh ma is here well she's not
here she's back at home what's not home
yet she's coming over with Eric axe they
came into Brighton a couple of days ago
Erica still hasn't found a place one
move jeez okay here we go one move it
all worked
yeah Erica still hasn't found a place
but and she slides she flew over with
her mom and Emma at her sister's here so
they're all cold will call enough to our
heads tonight and the kids are very
excited so we're heading home to do that
now but we had such a Phonak how much
you guys to watch the video
I think it's Tuesday it's coming at so I
steal for that yeah crab claw right
cause I was individual which other
brandy there's a strong little baby
named flag burpees just be casual
breastfeeding in the car parks on our
going on here you watch Amelia did you
have fun today what is the best one if
you run that oh you can't say what where
we were today it's a secret I knew
you're going to do that yes are you
ready to go home who's at home guys oh
man
and again how excited are you can see oh
my Erica and Emma and I shouldn't care
what's nice is that my god you know me
yeah she's obsessed two dumb kids assess
it on me is in Ireland member yeah I'm
sure it's a lovely sunny day sake
offense all away oh yeah it's gonna be
sunny data let's crack open this guy
nice I know a text yeah do you want to
jump in your seat so we can go home and
I can what do you think oh she like
knotted good yeah yeah you want to do
that shame you gotta keep it in the
glove box can you transport a Charles
mclubbe I can close the roof guys okay
unless yeah I think it's time you learn
to drive the car okay now put your hand
on there your hand on there okay
all right you ready I know you're crazy
you think it's too bright it's just a
joke just a joke
come on it'll be so cute - hunting it
here yeah
hello let's go put you it oh okay yeah
it's a good house I can let's go Oh
using my foot oh my goodness the
castilian sunny is raining while ago
it's so bright so bright it gave me a
fright okay move all the toys out of
Alessi's car seat please
you got a lot of toys friends we can you
see oh boy
oh boy
we're on our way home see Eduardo has
fallen asleep
media until away left is the origin is I
considered America is she be playing
with her
at the ready Avenue get in the back
there was a baby there was another home
yeah I took her to check in on her once
we have for lunch guys
well commedia let me out for lunch
Amelia tell us about our nutritious
lunch that we had me reading reading but
we don't I yeah now I'm looking for
services
yeah clients dying for coffee a coffee
Oh
that's not like living Arana no excuse
me that it's exactly what I am suffering
over like that that took that out and I
hate when I go and you can only find out
only that we don't even know what good
did I do for years like so I was like oh
yeah I do this and I like but I got to
take it one like that he was like me
like how do you not know I learned a lot
when you start sometime tonight you're
doing snores oh hi where are you story I
don't - well then you know things ever
happen to you I wouldn't say anything I
will just put I'll put it over the side
it was your where God has a Boys Noize
when I'm sorting I mean when I'm not and
I know oh yeah I pity Eduardo boy giving
you I'm not me
not yeah ender and everyone fell asleep
about two minutes ago
yeah and snoring our story is out for
the beep the beeps in liquid e c.o see
anything else anymore Zen affects us an
effect needed crying baby beeps snoring
child
I'm so tired wife Oh
seat belt removal beep yeah hello
everybody
you still have your fans on guys you can
keep them on if you want why almost not
here yet
hello everybody hello everybody a whole
look through my cast uniforms for a film
next week we got some medical wear hello
Alvey
Oh mr. Alvey cookies hello hello the
would do I had a fall today didn't you
yeah he firstly he split his lip
you didn't split your left you ate
Eduardo's lollipop that he got for
slipping is listening and was like you
did once remember
yeah well Eduardo was very brave when
these little over t-shirt with very
brazen
come on mister I'm a couple of guardo
are sneaking off to the train station
medias upstairs I can't take everybody
cuz not enough room because it's
Margaret Emma and Erika here so Amelia's
upstairs chilling out with mommy who are
bring my little monami buddies enjoy the
adventure hey my son of a gun really
little son of a gun time on board oh the
thing is so beeping you climb at your
seat that will do thing is they'll be
polite huh
let us come here alright I got it guys I
fixed it
beeping no more no more actually hold on
a second they have bags don't I I should
probably take all this edge oh it was
good tinkin I didn't even I didn't take
it oh no oh jeez oh jeez hope you never
even thought about that actually
oh I just go put it here for a minute
please so rain or I'll go insane in the
membrane
oh geez okay I call out there
everything's okay weirdo
are you in your seat can you see
anything
oh yeah I trying to be Bing off
hey let me just be pleased with her foot
up okay expression okay add water you
excited because daddy's new car is
coming very soon it is oh is ready next
week but that looking to use up blood
all over your t-shirt what are people
gonna think yeah because I sad you did
fall
wait okay now yeah there's a medic look
after you didn't he yeah yeah I was okay
Lokesh so daddy's new car next week that
is probably not going to be available to
collect it next week I thought and my
lips Oh was it all right come on
yeah yeah all right let's have a look
all the train just pulled in
door-to-door service Eduardo now we just
have to wait here for oh ma will you
look at it and tell me if you see oh ma
you see her
keep your eyes peeled all right everyone
keep their eyes peeled
what does that term mean I peel your
eyes not I don't want to peel my eyes
you want to peel your eyes no doesn't
sound it doesn't sound like something I
want to experience now okay
I saw the train oh here's table here's
table and checking my water you're just
going to pop out the door bub up up up
up bum bum bum bum well you got to keep
an eye out for them okay you got to let
me know when you see OMA okay Oh what
are you going to say when he's here I
love kissing segments oh are you going
to take two Erica I can't decide and
that we can what do you say dad Emma I
love you and I can't is that don't I
know that's yeah okay we've rehearsed
that we're ready we're ready to practice
everything bring on all my arrogance
the Tartar who's this guy do you know
this our train oh my goodness we're on
the wrong side of the Train why hey wait
a second
whenever on the wrong side of the Train
what if they get off Forbes are on wrong
side wardo they're on the wrong side
Reynard a pending question you decide
the two to two sided system it's a two
sided system handed butter hand in there
yeah big great phone ringing because
where are you where are you my mom is
waiting in the cold oh my goodness
what have you abandoned her because I've
got wrong okay hold on
let's call Erika back let's go oh my
goodness
crossing the railway to the other side
and there somewhere oh okay if I'm phone
right going to be right here there's
Erika they're right here guys they're
right here at the wrong station around
education well I have video evidence
that I was correct video evidence
and that I'm not going to believe my
video evidence whether I will run the
other side of the station
I was waiting over dinner side in here
hockey yeah going on what happens what's
wrong did you hear me going come on go
see oh my oh there was enough room for
everybody
is there enough room for everybody
hello come on jump up come up
okay yeah leave all wrecked anyway
they're all party days all right dinner
for 7,500 people I guess you meant the
plate what that's not oh ma what all my
sit next to you Eric and who do you want
Sarah media who do you want to sit by
Erica pull that works mommy can sit
beside Emma are you chopping off Emma's
messages are you giving them to
vegetarians lunches oh so we're just
meeting the meeting Wow
okay so we got sausages made of meat
rocks is made of vegetarians
the cash is gratis what does it call
someone Iseman right Oh what I had a
name fish yeah and then noodles or
something looks really good
smarter whip this up I ended our five
minutes yep I didn't even though she had
to the wrong train station he's nice
hidden truncation I was you know on that
side of the road and they were over at
woody art choose our dinner price yeah I
know there's no way I just thought
people come back what are you doing
what's she doing over here
did you slip oh well that's probably why
I shouldn't wear your shoes in the house
yes pirates don't wear polo pirate party
i heard so where where it's dinner time
Misha I want to be a pilot you want to
be a pirate with Danny she feeds on we
applied it for two more minutes a pilot
or a pirate
that's not working now oh really nice ah
is so nice okay Oh
wannabe hope everyone's having a good
time
