good morning and welcome to the marker
the best day of the fifth month of best
year of your life keep forgetting that I
have an appointment at 11:00 today I
feel like I'm going to forget I think
had a nightmare last night that I forgot
as well I'm hairs really Gracie was not
really greasy but it's kind of prettiest
so kids dogs stop grooving yesterday and
they look so cute look at the O and
newbies and yeah oh I know baby
and then we've got Cena Cena and we've
got Bianca Bianca and we've got Albie
Albie okay cue you so yeah yeah yeah
yeah
the Bears trying to eat her breakfast a
Janeiro's it is you can go okay finally
got three she was not in a good mood
this morning she like did not want me to
put her down
so uh she's in the sling and her
shouldn't even want to be in this thing
she's one of the feeds so we did that
and here we are gonna go on my breakfast
now they're making a different breakfast
we've been having a lot of forage and
it's fine like I like it and all but I
just feel like I should probably have
something different you know my mom and
my sister are coming to visit this
weekend which is fun and I think
ordering something exciting tomorrow not
really sure if I'm gonna say or not
I'm heading out to get waxed um unless
he has asleep
I found her quite a bit like before I
left um was a full boob to accident pump
today I felt like such a big store in
the freezer cuz like I don't use the
stuff that I store like the melt that I
store it was like I'm never really away
from her for that long and she just
never needs it but um I think some
people think that I like have someone
else looking after her all that like I
don't know like it's she's attached
literally attached to me and and I only
pump just for the future like because I
know things are going to get busy and my
hair's really annoy me this piece is
like too long to be like bangs anymore I
dunno what I mean Oh anyway um so yeah
she's basically with me like all the
time and so I haven't been using up my
milk and I don't want to start pumping
they don't want my supply to go down but
then at the same time it doesn't seem to
be going down at all so I don't know
what to do really
I think I'll probably continue to pump
but like for the for this more oh for
this morning and just I didn't have any
time so I just didn't bother anyway I'm
heading to get waxed now hopefully I
don't take that long and why should I
just let me indicate on my clothes wrong
with me do not remember where my keep it
I thought my indicator on instead of my
wind to wiper is okay goodbye should
surely nothing scarier Dan look at all
these cars for so much Oh
echo echo that's really a good advice
off
terrifying amazing just got all my
waxing done here's my little bed here
isn't so little much perfect but yeah I
was in for bikini legs and underarms but
we left my legs because and when I was
pregnant with Alessia and maybe out my
leg hair stopped growing and I think
I've got some like leftover hormones
from the pregnancy because it's still
not growing so from the last time I like
that I've done it hasn't grown at all
which was like over a month ago I think
so that's really good that's a plus of
depression see it won't last though I am
yeah I'm gonna head home now feel really
good actually did not take very much
just like happen I even half an hour
yeah 20 minutes baby okay get ready and
go home to my baby okay are we all clear
are we all clear getting into you guys
are we all clear we are all clear for
better VR experience Olivia's people
from the global oh is it oh okay okay
are you guys on something I'm not even
looking at me okay whoo what is this I'm
still broken from Dublin are you what I
see yeah and he'll have you recovered
even a week we're broken people or
people of the brokenness running whose
fault it is I wonder I wonder I wonder
whose fault it is I won't even ask him
oh I'd love to closely
let's all pretend to be asleep does
anyone actually sleep whistling yeah why
do why do not know anything
10:40 you call it abuse mr. sniffer
wheel why I'm tired okay okay what do
you want what do you think she wants a
change in I'm I'm the change in
department not the gate carbonate media
and health I feel weird Eduardo we have
just the same I know I know don't be a
grump
we need a who I thought let's come with
you get so many new viewers a comon then
yeah answer questions this here
Eduardo has this as well and it goes
away after that like two or three years
it happens when they're being born it's
not like a Burt marks well I suppose
it's a mark
she got when she was born but Eduardo
has one just like that was born oh I'm
sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry
what do you know wait um but they don't
eat my finger oh geez sorry mama mama
mama she kind of does talk a little bit
she says kind of like hi yeah okay okay
okay wash is this immediate Thomasina
Tony Tony did you get a sleeve tattoo
nice job what oh gosh my teeth where's
the brush price need do you also have a
touchy one
No aah mrs. McGowan all right folks
let's take your drinks to the Frenchies
come on let's go upstairs
let's go outside guys I'm responsible
for the elder children somebody will be
coming either because your arms to hear
somebody will be coming along to take
care of you in a minute okay okay okay
all right I saw older children something
I know that can be drama on a Friday
night
all right guys let us see a Valecia can
roll over on camera now we want to move
over a little bit rolling over now we
know she can do it guys okay you guys
gotta help right a little bit there's a
strong little baby called Alessia and
the song little baby called Eduardo hard
Oh wrong little baby because ah Jessica
come on relax yeah listen to the song no
don't be a quois you can do it
no I don't wanna wanna careful careful
no no no no no you she's not gonna be
able to roll over here we get rid of
kodos what okay in my yeah see ya Gigi
no no is he ticklish
AG she got to tickles right oh she got
to tickle you take commission me there
are an SDN don't take them her balm
Eduardo
what I know you can do it I know she can
ever we've seen her do it before you got
a pension fund right kiddo hello little
baby little baby like the box
little baby like the bat she's a very
often indeed poisonous baby in the back
it may be in the back I'm the bravery
I'm the baby in the fog huh he's a
strong little baby in that but I think
guys she has blue eyes I don't think
those eyes are changing any color any
time soon
I think it's pretty okay what's wrong
there were two wiggly worms climbing up
stairs to wiggly worms climbing up the
stairs and if one wiggly worm with
skittles one too little he worms and
settles what is going on under here
hey waiter sombrero in here tell me the
we deal with what
all right into bed to story time let's
go all right ease we're having some
dinner and we're watching from Fargo
where we're at by episode eight or nine
or something really we're good fit into
us hello Theodore come on scooch across
okay everybody else we gotta get
everybody up everybody up I think we're
gonna bring Cena to the vet tomorrow we
can she's got like an extra toe it's
like an extra toe so I think we're just
gonna bring her get our check tomorrow
look nobody's like she has like the four
toes at the front right and then the
little fatso toting at the bottom
whatever let's call her big toe or toe
MERS open ball over foot and then in the
middle there's like another one but I'm
wondering did something that's stuck in
there it's all swollen over years I
don't know we'll bring it on chat crash
Oh such a good show guys
Fargo recommend oh geez oh geez oh well
thanks for watching the video juice oh
wait revenue do but oh sure no problem
