chicken morning and our last and welcome
to the 18th basis of this one person is
here after life Oh everybody welcome to
the video
oh no in clashes coming up oh I'll just
drop the kids to poon oh how is
everybody going today oh I said today
playing they won't win cool okay
oh I'm in with you hey so many big
Phoenix this is what we got the kids in
the airport last night on the way home
and we gave them to a breakfast time
they're very excited and they wanted to
bring them to school so we QE adores
business tourism drama drama alert it
was drama so we're gonna put them in the
car seats we were back home look cool me
Oh yesterday I don't know if I said it
in the video at all I didn't really want
to say it in the video I don't know like
I haven't even added that video yet some
people partied up comments and what were
you doing there why didn't you tell us
what you're doing there so obviously
some of you guys knew because I spoke
about my grandmother a while ago what my
grandmother passed away over the weekend
and we flew back to Ireland for the
funeral yesterday and we left
immediately duardo had that important
skill later left them in school and we
took Alaska with us everyone smooth
sailing guys but you know whenever
you're at funeral you always kind of it
makes you kind of think about how
important relationships and love and
family are you know and sometimes if you
have an estranged relationship and then
you sort of remember that what's really
important so you know what you got a mom
or dad or a brother or sister or a
husband or wife or a friend or anything
keep it all texts now give it a whatsapp
or a Twitter there spannabis like give
them a hug and just be like I appreciate
you and I love you and
you know and if you've got no one in
your life go look in a mirror and be
like what's up friend I love you and if
you go if you don't even have a mirror
hello
I appreciate you and love you and
respect you and you're an amazing person
seriously
it's important to remember to tell
people you love them that's what I
that's what I thought about yesterday
hello everybody most you want most you
work the anger most you be barky Bianca
never lock the car are you a frequent
flyer these days mate
Ichiro frequent flyer huh what'd you say
did you like it oh what are they
guilty you what me present where is it
real in the basement all right when you
guys wait closed you ask me okay I'll
try and remember right now
the warden also breakfast order they are
here take the Baba what Cuba one covers
oh all righty
so oh I see them all not too happy over
here so this thing here so that yogurt
looking hangers into ah I got rained on
we don't have any of that then this guy
here okay okay birdies okey-dokey we got
our way up we got some real let's watch
everybody flock like a flock of birds oh
maybe that's what I call a
I'm just slinging around good what's
this are you eating this they've been
exposed to me over her head but she just
wants to look a little frequent fire
hello are you back already
okay I promise this time we're not going
to Ireland okay I'm not going to go in a
plane to Ireland I promise okay oh my
eyes
so this morning and I'll be well the
dogs are being picked up to go to be
groomed and
and it's usually Helen but hadn't has
other people working for her and one of
those people Susie was picking them up
and Susie has this thing where she
always picked up and Albie hit Wardle
Albie whenever he hits like news is with
me as well it's like a lie basically he
has this thing where he won't walk on a
pavement and so every time they get to
like the paint the patio he turns around
and looks up at her and he picks her she
picks him up and he picks her up truth
but now he's got used to him and because
she babies him I'll be loves if anybody
babies him he's like obsessed with her
and when she came in this morning and
she was putting on the Highnesses join
us interesting that it was so ridiculous
like I was watching him like are you for
real he went she was like oh I'll be oh
you're so cute you went up to her and he
was like like rubbing up against her leg
I've never seen him do that with anybody
else like ever like he might do that
with Jonathan but not oh no he does he
does he wants attention for me anyway he
probably well yeah he might do it to me
sometimes but like not with anybody else
no another kind of dog and
he loves Suzy so he obviously has a
thing for Suzy and I texted Helen I was
like she tell you this happen but like
we've got some stiff competition
Suzy as you like know how he is fully
cuz he's like a chocolate trial a little
brat he is so much if you baby him he
act really sweet but if you're like
rough with him at all he like what you
are like white you Bush try and bite you
at his gums animal it works so it wires
girlfriend has called around where what
takes your attentions with my son what
the guard oh oh oh my gosh ha ha and why
no you sure about it are you sure that's
why I like her that is that the
infection time is now holding that all
day for that moley mom no wait wait
we've got mommy is that Mommy didn't
what in this enemy do y'all can develop
a monkey go what if you see what
happened to media
well there's rumors that it wasn't Lily
she still do you think he squad be there
on the double come on baby squad get the
baby come on baby squad so we have to
get the baby baby squad baby squad
runners run enjoy baby squad please
squad baby's got speed hair on Java did
it did it did it did Oh which way is it
again oh yeah
now listen do we hear a baby crying
listen look oh we hear a baby crying now
what's the first thing we do when we
hear a baby cry
feed the milk okay first thing we do
guys we turn this off but ours we're
going to get off right now what was that
right don't be cheap at all oh my
goodness did you do that can you do that
you can try if you want you don't want
to is it scary yeah okay all wearing in
mommy and daddy's room we're just
getting the baby alright sit on the
chair
sit on the chair sit on a chair you can
hold her everybody
Eila preview everyone together oh geez
okay is everyone together ah ah God so
many kids there oh that's yeah that's
did you turn it around I said you see
two babies okay let's put Alessi in the
middle yeah okay ready
ah look at the gang oh my goodness
imagine we have four kids you know it
look like actually would look like any
other babies there's so many babies so
we have oh let's see David Martina
Louise and Shaniqua ya know if I'm at
work Lily I'm gonna see ya I believe yes
indeed rila so living Eduardo oh well no
no no no pick up wha what wait for me
where's everyone going
hey Josh
yes guys you remember a couple of months
back I bought the Sony PlayStation V or
headset right I did it a little bit okay
but I kind of made me feel that sick and
stuff so I didn't really use it and I
was like what's it needs it needs
something more well a couple of months
ago this thing was released on pre-order
okay this is what's going to feel like
if you preorder friendly a friend book
and then you got to wait a few months
you're like huh yeah we're going to cool
and then one day the bus is gonna ring
you be like wait a second what is it
cool this your eyes I'm going to share
with you I'm hoping this is going to
solve the viewer problem they're kind of
sticking this problem because what
you're missing in viewers and knows
that's why you feel kind of sick is you
need like a point of reference so I'm
hoping that this thing here it's going
to give a point of reference Oh lad
ladies and gentlemen whoa
the aim controller it also comes to this
game fire points this thing that's going
to me I'm gonna look like this dude here
well I think that by holding this in
your hand right and then looking through
the goggles and actually seeing it in
the virtual world and holding it in the
real world it might actually think all
you need is there I got all them very
excited and I didn't get sent this by
the way I paid my hard-earned money I
bought it well it faces so did call me
unavailable okay love all your toys
big fan all right we have a case to
solve
guys the case of the missing dog do you
know where it is right oh look wait wait
a second I'm missing two dolls yeah I'll
watch a close hello Rosie hello Robbie
no no I know he's rolling oh hello
I need you I'm Robbie Wow
Rosie I thought I was a generic monogamy
no no he's rolling Rosie and Rory are
like in room I sell my house tonight so
I'm in I ha
Wow thought he was a lion
had stolen Rory's toy no I didn't did
you not be sure about that little
cartagena car my lord - I couldn't you
couldn't what are you doing what have
you done that I'm seeing it on mudgy
okay let's go who's gonna find them
first
okay now quietly guys are last year's
going to bed
okay let's you can find it first ready
ready God go if they're there they're
telling them they're Midlands Linda
lifted them into the middle Linda Linda
Linda Linda mr. Tim will it be Amelia
will it be it word Oh who's gonna find
the toy do not go inside the room or I
will beat you into a little pop please
find a toy and don't be your home making
lots of noise and keep it Alesi awake
that's not the trick we don't want to
take our time we want to find it fast so
we can go to bed and mommy daddy can at
last have some peace and quiet at the
night and watch some TV shows not to be
bothered by those silly little children
Papa Bob so awkward zoom out hi have we
found yes but immediate you hit us how
have you not been the edge
how'd you do that do that music music
didn't then they condemned indeed there
was a little girl named Amelia she would
dance around her room she wore a Mickey
Mouse's and Minnie Mouse I could never
quite tell which mouse it is because
they look so gender-neutral then there
was a little boy named Eduardo he was a
special KC to eat play-doh he would
dance around a room he would play under
the match do you actually think the toy
is hidden under the flat mat the
defendant intended the dungeon yes there
was a little girl named Amelia
Thomas EDA ciccone Jolie she was a
litter bony Pony smoly holy moly Jolie
Foley Coley Wally boli toady
you
