and morning and welcome to the 17th best
day of the fifth month of the past year
flower of your flowers you wouldn't
realize it but at 6 o'clock in the
morning I really excel that was
unexpected as well kid you join a helmet
at the doggy - doggy - yes Krishna
let's go piranha i handing off the key
trail to grab a Flash's any time into
the children boo today we're heading to
Ireland I just gotta give you these keys
granted without you guys yeah well not
be mummy putting on her breakfast now
the airport rating they all stopped
they're like uh no dud
what what I was kinda rainy a little bit
I love that brighter it for 6:00 a.m.
please we're talking the more and o-6
like a father either mama didn't know
you didn't he Jesus give us a mobile
isn't here the jammer booking lemon with
yellow radio here - looks to me everyday
living angle now those rooms of crap
what Pina see anything it works alright
Scott Brooks ah I haven't had any years
well I just made myself sing it I used
to know that so well this is not a
Friday evening moment is no speak until
Jesus screams been brought in
similarly here not already mm-hmm
ah it's not so up under rules and Latins
dives deep in our so if you go to
novella Mia
shameless I made myself world and this
word salary for why are we having in
cart Brooks
singsong this morning who knows
okey-dokey let's get some breakfast for
this little monkey let's get out of here
hmm oh we are bringing the last day with
us please be a good girl school today
okay okay give me mr. need Oh oui oui
okay into movies into will be central do
we be central
all right we're at the Queen terminal of
a geyser isolation that's cooking
traffic and Anthony quiet for like ever
oh my goodness flight boards in 20
minutes takes off in 50 minutes
hopefully that's okay let's go inside
we're going to they have a baby with as
well - forgot about the old baby
situation departure security go over
this way we've checked in and everything
we have no vibes we have the stroller
but I'm thinkin I might just take Billy
and it just goes straight
oh look check-in bag drop maybe have to
go through this thing here I'm sure when
checking the mic drop
hold on yeah who our priority check-in
hello
okay impose okay we got tight the
expected we have a tag let's see is
tight you can just drop her in let's see
his first time going through security
and you're laughing are you laughing are
you laughing could you went to security
or anything
Oh cheering laughing like that was great
guys let's do anything I haven't locked
in yet oh you ready mrs.
you ready for your first flight your
first bike huh
you know Eduardo flew and he was only
two weeks old so you know my supportive
name you ready mrs. your first step on
the plane someone to thank the first
time
you send a friend yeah we're about to
change a baby across rivers if you're
looking out groans benefit there has
been no will of one would have on the
airplane lovely so is it there kind of
hungry angry angry and huh oh boy
you're bitten out freaking Alamance
but yet water whenever playing with
money like think we killed forever those
media are the media which are internal
structure Bennett whatever their animal
is accounts of all trees elationship you
as our nobility recorder fights dubstep
us if you don't you're a tyrant all
English protective we're here the image
will quickly play that it need to the
plate and we get ser mark like type all
just something pouch double Jeff that
and just hope it won't be as we bounced
around sweater hears about the
difficulties of North but earlier a
multi-plate my third your cupcake
any reaction at all
last year as orange alarm you or about
the fly
and we are here in Ireland blessed over
here having her first or four-speed in
Ireland didn't realize it was like his
first time in Ireland mad yeah when we
were going through customs would have
their customs guys her his daughter and
he said watches our videos physical Anna
Anna Anna wanted to get the painting for
supper we took a photo rapid you know
who you are but I don't wanna take it
personally must happen or not is fine
since your epoch Coursera
but then you had a you'd wish you had a
different activity so we do it in
Russian Airport food I got this thing
look so tasty into a fruit and a coffee
in a water and then I got some dance
beats and what oh yeah dear generica in
America McCaffrey founders of iconic
names for density wonder they dance when
you drink them the dance dance dance hey
if you don't work being here this is was
over an airport food court looks like
very very exciting place not very
exciting guys today we're going to eat
and we're going to go alright really
color here my brother has a nephew and
show us that now show us your fidget
spinner the obsess you do a posture that
was in miles an hour I'm gonna name this
video thousand mile an hour stage a
spinner
oh well that's pretty good unless he's
like it all the time into dis double he
doubles them up I don't have those
tennis skills Joe good times such a
finger to that Homer
alright this hole here what's the
fastest you've ever done it is it's
alright he did huh yeah have you ever
hurt yourself have you ever put it on
your nose after what your forehead me
yeah
I wanted to leave me here on the phone
if you go around baby shopping center
you see them all Walker I know I'm crazy
this is better than comment if you have
digital which me that's going to show
you fidget spinners do you watch my
videos where we're going grip it up and
you guys I used to go to school here
here at the old stomping grounds we're a
bit lost l broke away from the convoy so
it finally happened now the mother
amassed the child yes there she is now
number nine number nine your ninth
favorite my son my wife at 9:00 at night
gather there we are now there we have it
now well often appointed don't be
teaching her Irish now is born and bred
in England obviously depictive baby
Roger was no very important to become
clean this is a video don't we tell in
your political opinions so this is that
man start an argument in the comments
see my grandma
yeah grandma green food color I didn't
know that I thought I was
grandma block jammer blah little monkey
here to be older if they've multiplied
this next child still here here
ah look at this young man here
coordinate along you bringing the
shopping bring in the shopping
so that is Lea's daughter where is she
Lea's daughter this one Chloe at the
front coming in first followed by Kara
no there Katie
no Kara what ruinous hello oh my
goodness Jose what we're saying we need
to do a big thing when we got like
everybody together this summer so we get
everyone together all the kiddos call
your 1900 grandchildren
I'm counting Oh leave you alone for five
minutes have another baby yeah you
didn't look like that when you came here
this morning nobody dinner there number
four coming from this corner alright
we're trying to get a photograph and
everybody here who brought that child
you Russia to just get a psycho
everybody else yeah
the inner place who made the baby cry
with Photoshop the right then yeah we
are back at the airport
you just have a feed we just had a feed
everyone just had a pee when we get a
therefore looks empty
oh so nice seen everyone today like so
cool you know Dylan the little fellas a
little boy the spinners in the car
that's my godson by the way if you guys
didn't know I have a godson I have a son
of a gun and a godson it could be our
kids don't have any Oh we'd only have
godparents I think we should have like
pleased with afternoon how're you I
thought mother I'm only a godfather to
done so I'm available can you multitask
can you be multiple partners I don't
think so
really do you know why because I'm
American I'm not kidding I don't know
did you guys see clean the guy yeah he
talked obvious all with the right to
think that's my godfather cleans my
godfather but my godmother was a friend
in the families that like traveled all
the time so I never ever saw her if she
liked Iran I actually no idea no idea if
you're out there watching a pneumo job
mother leave me a comment and I mean no
it's the best thing I find about the
godparents is that an Easter time I got
an extra Easter Egg a beer and a
Christmas I got an extra Christmas
presents an extra President ordered math
I only know what the benefit on
yeah it was just it was cool today I
think million water would have really
loved hanging out but a meeting a
comedian an Eduardo had a very special
day in school to it so we couldn't take
them out I don't know like we have video
I don't know if I can put it in or not
because I can put the audio in like now
so you guys can like see and of all the
days for it to land on the data we had
to fly out here and I was like ah no but
yeah we got someone to go anyway and
watch it for them
I'm video it for us so we're just gonna
wait here
head to the aeroplane that's like to
slice that I fly ok here is a fan you
want a picture you better look at the
mute icon again the braudys plate
Ellen's mate so glad dad's able to come
over here and run in the vlog but
opposed ran ago yet knows loves you know
I'm hanging in the blood okay let's go
get the aeroplane in about three hours
back on a plane let's yeah are you
actually trying to rescue a scuba top
which he has an American cheese with
mouthful of it yeah your cut oh you oh
you get the pockets so you have a new
pocket
another package I don't know
just happen over by Tony he prefers
watching my life to later hmm
two flights today missus we call it to
play slinging oh well if I wasn't the
cutest me they ever czar oh oh oh no no
no well anytime we have an emergency
problem we are back in the United
Kingdom and the first thing we did is we
went to star book near over Starbuck
wins an arrow and got the we're just we
saw an advert without a plane we were
walking past heading to the carpark we
saw an ad for the new mango ice thingy
so we got us less yeah did you enjoy
your day of adventure two flights today
less yeah keep like well done time the
minister for this little thing again
because remember when we used to all
that traveling last year we used to
contain all the time look we gave them a
perfectly good stroller and now we using
sent back or maybe fix it at home
yeah they always come back and always
come back damaged literally humor and
many strollers we went through last year
the last year or the year before we
cover yeah yeah Archie we didn't have so
the past year for me I'd like it water
storage we're going like to the us all
the time we break like all the time
hey guys I'm going to take this we put a
heat row as well as over there attract
the drive ahead of us manual we're going
to go down hope you've enjoyed today's
video and I'll see you guys mom if
anything in his ad
Oh
