good morning and welcome to counter e
16th day of the fifth month is the best
year of your life
unless he's not in a very good mood but
we are bopping around to try and get her
in a good mood and she basically just
got put down in the swing she doesn't
like the swing Niall is widel liked the
swing then I keep thinking like maybe
they were older like maybe they were a
little bit older when they went in I'm
not really sure I'm for now she doesn't
like the swing and hello her swing is so
cool even compared together to like her
swing is totally like futures too it can
like slick-looking and it looks really
cozy and it's called baby move with two
O's and was like just some trendy you
know wished him liked it so hope she
just wants to be held but now she's just
very am upset that she was put down so I
need to keep walking around to reminder
that I'm here oh yeah I'm sweating it is
7:59 I mean it's a wonder that I haven't
lost all the baby I keep saying that the
hell have I not lost all of the baby
weight yet from all the sweating that I
do every single day like seriously feel
like I'm sweating all day long every day
yesterday when I went to that lunch when
I went out for lunch with my friend
Laura sweating the whole time literally
stuck to my jacket couldn't even get off
me Oh sweating so much because I was
carrying the car seat like no mr. sweaty
Betty just I think the more kids you
have the more you sweat honestly is that
true like can I get like some other mums
in the comments like backing me up here
I'm not the only one
my friend Sabrina says the same thing
like she sweats constantly do it's not
just me
anyway so I'm going to make my breakfast
now
try and get something done with the baby
and me I think I might be able to do do
we think so we think so I'm going with
that last night so so fire for hashtag
winning okay
so add some equipment here we're going
to go and do a little dry test because
I'm shooting my film next week guys 200
months ago all the planning
Muncie planning we've done in this we've
built new camera rigs new style of
silliman because I'm trying something
different I'm not trying to sum a basic
like not basic but like in normal foam
on it I want to try to do like an
experimental immersive experience so
yeah put that man we have to build an
entire new camera rig system and yeah do
something Neal but we're going today
we're heading out into new place or not
anyway yeah I just say wrong words I'm
paying to race can you open the boat I
need a third hand just press the button
underneath the Reg thing then the magic
happens
imagine didn't happen oh you want to add
the magic has happened okay all right
yeah put it we'll make it work also
thanks to super duper for now creating
my camera box appreciate that brand oh
it's not open my age is going to move
for a drive
I'm again it's what a sunny day did we
did well but yesterday was like storming
wait assign the bike ah I moved it today
I just popped it in like a child
okay so part of the scene writer film
we're actually filming here in our our
town so I can actually do the school
runs at the same time this is one of the
cafes we're going to be using yeah I'm
finding dice at Nanak hello
reporting to you at half past 12:00 in
the afternoon and baby has not left me
hello
she went to sleep for you know last clip
I filmed I think I was in the kitchen
right to make breakfast or I had made
breakfast became member well she was on
me then and then she fell asleep had my
breakfast with her on me she fell asleep
so after my breakfast I put her down for
a bit but she was kind of fussy like she
wouldn't really sleep for very language
isn't like her I think she may be going
through something right now because all
day she just does not want to be away
from me so after like you know I bet her
for ages and then I tried to put her on
like the change not the changing mat her
little like bunny mat which usually
really liked likes and while I got
dressed screamed the whole time and then
um yeah I am rockin by the way sorry
that but and then I just had to give up
a how to get dress really oh forgot to
put breasts putted just realise that
there's always something like breast
pads sanitary pads well not anymore but
like in the beginning breast pads
sanitary pads like your belly bandit
thing if you're wearing one of those
this sling thing there's so many things
that you're wearing honestly too many
things to remember anyway so I'm going
to get the kids clothes ready for after
school because the media's got something
so I wanted to get changed about
something
and yeah oh yeah I saw some comments on
some like ridiculous covers on the last
I don't know which video was I don't
usually read comments on YouTube anymore
just because like especially on our vlog
they just get so crazy and I feel like
it's not an accurate depiction of like
how our audience actually feels because
I go by like my twitter and like you
know where people talk to me like more
directly so like Twitter and not so much
Facebook but Instagram um that's pretty
much it actually Twitter and Instagram I
don't want to know anywhere else but
yeah that's usually what I go by
um but yeah some people were saying that
I was a terrible mother because I didn't
bring in media or I mister media's
first-ever show guys that was a dress
rehearsal
that's not her actual show um I'm
obviously going to the show and then
they were saying like how it's funny how
I would go and get my nails done
like prioritize that but then not go to
see my daughter's show and like just
because she has a newborn is no excuse
well obviously I'm not going to go to
her ascent or an awesome be her dress
rehearsal because number one you can't
watch that anyway Jonathan didn't watch
it he waited outside the whole time like
there's so many things that you don't
see that go on like behind the scenes of
a vlog like I just I can't even
I saw those obvious but obviously not
like there was another time when people
were like I can't believe you late left
unless you're crying on the floor like
Jonathan was running her bath and he was
getting her ready for her bath she was
crying because babies cry especially at
that time of the evening when they're
ready to like wine down for bed it's
just like if you can't see something
like don't assume the worst you know
what I mean so yeah anyway just thought
I would address that I did not miss
Amelia's show a first show because I'm a
selfish awful disgusting terrible mother
come to me child oh my goodness what
happened okay what yeah didn't order
what happened
Emelia Ciccone Jolie has a church
rollover you can roll over I don't
listen to don't listen to her listen
don't come here to me come here to me oh
my goodness Amelia can roll over huh I'm
so proud of you you are a superstar
swimming but Amelia got a certificate
well I'm back again just last time a lot
of it came oh really
well I mean all man treated on my bike
guys you want to come to the car and get
all the stuff from school because I had
to go straight out with the crew but I
said I had to stop because we're making
the film remember I know you're helping
you're the most important person you're
my number one cheerleader kids on
actually in the movie but they're
supporting me in other ways by behaving
themselves
well I just all your stuff from school
is in the car remember I have to just
drop you guys off to swimming so that's
what I thought we lost you there mister
okay go we need to collect all our
school stuff
grab all our school stuff please grab
all our school stuff it wired up Eduardo
come over here please hey hey hey I like
Thank You mr. delicious
mr. delicious come on I have a surprise
for you oh it's the best kind of
surprise Eduardo it's the best kind of
surprised that wardo
this isn't daddy's new car that these
new cars nearly built oh I got I got I
got another update their details guys
we've got that they're doing the
interior at the moment the wheels are
done the body kits done the engines
everything's done I just am doing the
leathery stuff on the inside so I could
be ready next week but I'm on set all
next week with my little film so I've no
time to collect it so it'll be the week
after careful careful careful careful oh
cool triple mushrooms over cut mushrooms
now climb on you like em Jane Swain Jane
I don't know whatever his name
the one Directioner that close
what do you think hmm major - Oh cause i
whoo wait you gotta see what you did
there uknown a little puddin's
hello puddin and pie let's turn you off
hmm
no no is there a little child in here it
is the Bambino hmm come on Mia bambina
Mabini hello
oh my Jenna so tomorrow guys were flying
to Ireland with Alessia she's going on a
flight tomorrow and we almost had a
crazy situation we didn't realize that
we needed a passport for her to go on a
ryanair flight honey no for Ryan and we
did I know but we got a flight with that
another carrier I know we're kind of
lightweight another carrier that we
don't need a passport because Ireland in
England have free travel it's just that
Ryanair decidable Ryanair come flying
near here okay
he does be here exactly oh my god
imaginary travel that be cool anyway
unless he is coming to Ireland tomorrow
way to watch this video we'll already be
there the kids are not coming
it's just Alessia
can I go meet everybody wants Mapple
single-sim Apple you up on this thing
what yeah I'm sorry out of bogus well
then where is it
there you go you're gonna draw like your
mommy get it when I came on me
you gotta go feed the children the older
children's put them to bed what are we
gonna do with you huh oh we started
watching Fargo last night
oh yeah what do we think you watch
season 1 episode 1 2 and 3 I think it's
good it's just a bit like it is out
there watching is really good Martin
Freeman is the same thing stuff is
amazing Freeman knows I'm Morgan Freeman
he was in the office they were after
we've watched startup which is an Amazon
show totally recommend we watch all the
shows guys come to us for TB
recommendations but I definitely
recommend Luther guys just didn't happen
did it
we watched like we watched three
episodes I think me game like it yeah
sorry sorry later gave it three episodes
but just couldn't do it
sorry so we moved on and it was on
Netflix so I didn't pay for it on Amazon
and where's the other thing well Fargo's
on Oh Fogle is on Amazon I actually had
to pay for half our eagle-eyed she
bought Fargo but it's actually really
good totes recommend it just weird but
it's really good I didn't weird like
some people might not yet what if you've
seen the movie Fargo it's very similar
as values Coen Brothers it's very
similar it's very very dark humor like
super dark humor yeah like if you are
offended by dogs getting we are people
getting murder wise and Hosea it's
madness like it's really dark humor
would play like so Julie's everyday dog
is different if America lost all hate
much myths of love were like it's black
humor oh my goodness anguish it up for
like a comedy thing makes here like
slightly funny it's not even funny
mm-hmm
right
Oh
