good morning and welcome to the 15th
best day of the fifth month of the best
year guys you have your GCSEs this week
noted all motions of the day well you
guys have your GCSEs this week and your
a levels and your weights it'll be
levels if there's GCSEs and a-levels
what about BCDE F level huh but I'd like
to know more about those levels I watch
until a god is obsessed with this show
Eduardo sitting on the wrong seat oh you
sitting in the wrong seat mister I think
your bum ba-bum the stars
put your bum to the star welcome to the
stars
home to the stars it's 729 so we have a
bit of a bit of extra time you want a
hot cross bun it why do you want a hot
cross bun to what about I take a hot
cross bun I chop it in half and I put
some a honey in it
yeah what you don't want honey in it
well we're gonna go share these with
Eduardo more cereal and honey very
important in the morning time to give
your doggy some love then they all get
competitive about the loving you got to
give them kudos we got to give a little
new for lots of extra photos and then
there's a yeah and then see it are now
the and Bianca's going to slip me the
look and the advice that I need to be
involved
I guess I'm formal it's gonna have a big
stretch press okay media thank you you
can just leave it there
it's so fun after we have eaten a
breakfast who would like to come and we
like to brush our teeth so they smell
nice and clean for school Eduardo
Eduardo come along please an older dog
so let us go in here now oh well push
your father push a push pop push pop you
guys different push pops
don't push me push a push pop push pops
entertain if they're not they're like
you're a pop you pushed what is it what
is it
put in the order inside come on like
that Chris a media your look now look
what you could you started a revolution
all right five four three two one
you are lucky you are a very lucky girl
okay he's going to go first Wow right I
was over all right here you go to our to
your pink bush wait a second
what yeah
all right let's get our teeth brushed
all right my tree kids are ready for
school okay everyone got their red bows
in yeah my tree kids ready for school
can I do this cool trophies all right
yank it dangle go brush your teeth
Wow what other is another space right
there is there a key for that yeah let
me put our shoes these on we got our
school shoes on media it's got new
school shoes a while ago with this thing
because issues that we were buying her
relaxing her about about a week what
back to silence the butterfly was
mourning
like a move discussed all of them all
the time but these ones these Clarke's
or something we make these ones yeah
Clarke's these ones have like this
protected rubber thing on the front of
them so there's no more scuffing from a
media stuff freely okay yeah right then
we get our bag and then we put our coat
on and then we get our lunch box from
the fridge and then we are ready to go
get some coats down school coats don't
forget the book bags you get the lunches
from me
are you taking all of them then mommy
does the hair cuz that he's not
qualified to do the heresy yeah he
doesn't know how to do the hair and say
mommy goes there
I'm he's very good at the hair and then
we sprayed them doused it with the
nitty-gritties hey mommy Kardos one
child
go to child's go three child go it's
what I know they you know room for one
come on guys it's gonna rain let's go
let's go to see we are all on board and
we are ready for the school another hat
side
okey dokey congratulation myself I got
toys in my pocket anyway that is the
morning or Dean true to screen right you
should do that I see it 100 odd egos
today
Oh who's that there we got in the
picture it's a little baby he sees a
little penis
he says hello little baby oh oh I don't
like that
don't put your hand don't put your hand
don't put your hand don't watch your
hand
don't put your hand both over the head
Oh mm mm mm right so I'm put on let me
do this later okay so it is pouring rain
I'm going to see a friend of mine Laura
that I haven't seen in ages
babies crying got my hair all bunched
bucks on this thing and baby not a good
start
this is my first time taking Harriet
like property like this on my own
anyway babies crying but I'm heading out
with her on my own for the first time
like kind of like properly like this
we're getting lunch so bigger concepts
of it okay so Eduardo her finished girl
we were going for an adventure run to
the castle rule hello I know we're not
gonna door hello knock while wait is our
house is the other side of this door our
house you're gonna I know you I
know you and you're falling I know it
you're like I know it you're like oh you
so media is that ballet and we I think
we're going for a run would seem like
we're going for a run
texana and as that was Nora I texted NZ
where are we empowered by jobs Guerrero
I join a part of Sasaki following us
okay the doggy doesn't appear to be
anybody around who owns a doggy
so we were going to wait in the car for
Amelia who is assumable our one who
leaves the premises
and go on the woodland adventure while
we're waiting for Amelia what it so much
your muddy do you like mud
no I presented i said 'no mad a donor I
was stopped we're home I am absolutely
exhausted I went out with my yes hello
hello hello
oh she's so annoying so okra that was
really cruel she basically was meant to
not sleep past
what time no five o'clock and she fell
asleep at like a quarter to six
all right hold on one second scooter
some burpees we do some burpees but your
leg sorry
oh okay two million the price I think
you look like me when you look like baby
me except with two eyes okay don't have
long hair if you have a baby actually do
because you can put it up in a bottom I
found this camera and is actually easier
with long hair because you can just put
it up in a bun the only thing I'm
regretting is cutting these bit because
you always have to style them and if you
don't they kind of look a bit crappy so
like I'll have to like either you I'll
have to either like straighten oh yeah
look at my sweat oh how embarrassing is
that and see you have to either like
straighten or curl them or like to do
something to them whereas the rest of
your hair you don't really need to that
much
yeah I sweat so much today sweat it
sweat sweat I did a workout with Lucy
which was intense it was like a first
proper high intensity workout in like a
year because I got pregnant like a year
ago well already I got pregnant I got
pregnant like back-to-back and so what
was I saying
oh yeah so I sweated a lot obviously in
that like during the workout and then I
went to meet my friend Laura whose I
didn't vlog at all because I left my
camera in the car I was like talking to
her I was like yeah Jonathan always gets
nah but he gets really annoyed because I
would like
never vlog anything like you always just
logged in the car like you always forget
to vlog I do though I like get
distracted so easily and I forget but
actually didn't forget this time and I
was telling her about it and then I went
to reach for my camera and I was like
rummaging through my bag she was like if
you ask something on screen you know
where my camera's I left it on the
passenger's seat of my car oh I
shouldn't actually vlog anything from
our dinner or our lunch but it was
really nice to like catch up and stuff
it's just um afterwards I think because
I was breastfeeding like unsupported so
like breastfeeding is really hard when
you don't have like an armrest or
anything it like kills your back at
least it does mine so I was feeding her
and then I was holding her and then
feeding her again then holding her like
the whole way through lunch which just
gets exhausting and I tried to put her
in her car seat a few times left she
didn't really want to stay in there like
she wanted to be on me so um then I left
I think we stayed there for like a few
hours and then when I got home of
completely exhausted but I think it's
collected the workout floss that um and
I know that sounds like really like not
big tasks it's not it's just that I
forget that I had a baby like six weeks
ago and it's still early days
hmm
yeah tell everybody where you end up me
like an idea registered to Tommy who
told you that
he's Moody no where did you see him
somebody else killed her
all right now don't lick her it's why I
don't like that it's sick tell everybody
hey yeah
Amelia hi laughs as positive as videos
I have that's okay your hand isn't your
hands on the limit thank you thank you
Amelia as a confession Eduardo okay
welcome to our immediate what's the
confession who told you to think your
tongue it and do that
who taught you that tell the world name
and shame don't tell me who it was
hello there who was it sure was it
Jessica Sofia Sofia Lyons we'll teach
you my daughter do our husky thank you
guys look II as I tell you about the
time my cuz it's the fraud yeah second
time welcome emailing the last things I
had like yarn me wow you had Northern
Irish active you into a woman whenever
an abortion immersed myself in away one
of you watches our videos
therefore strippers alright everyone's
asking to say it again well I can you do
that acts in the media and Northern
Ireland Ison you gotta go nipper snipper
sit up members in the first round a
burning never our snipper
say like that you will do it no babies
what about you we never snipper but I
mean oh my goodness in media Thomasina
Saucony doing and Mia Thomasina sacani
going mmm Eduardo what did you just do
you just flipped off the bed
you did a big jump we're going to turn
around there alright hold hands and it
all like meaning to walk off the bed
oh you're crazy
look at me just walked along flip
alright guys let us go and say goodbye
to our friends and let's go straight to
bed like an order no I'm begging you
okay little boyfriend wife and thank for
watching my video presentation situation
see that immediately - yeah what I think
like I say video I'll comment
describing and things that atmosphere
Oh
Oh
