good morning everybody welcome to Sunday
hope you know leave a comment if you
have a good morning read we're all in
the back yeah
hello there nice hat thank you
can I see see okay there she is
there's no mohammad we're not rolling
daddy off the bed we're not really done
everybody how I hold ha ha ha ha
that's an herb herb yeah daddy off the
red wires no no guys guys
if you roll daddy off the bed no don't
listen to me
this will be sad separate two guys have
feelings too
that's a real people don't and oh
quickly roll let's yeah let's do save me
that is a baby he can't even walk
what he didn't matter horse maybe she
will maybe still she's gonna let waffle
day and then she's gonna learn to walk
all the way into your room and steal all
of your toys and we listened and she was
oh we're not no guys I thought we
established is not a rolling no no I
is that my spot if you take it at ease
but 34 low spot anymore guys oh okay
hold ahead a coloring I think she's very
needy
jonathan is playing hide and go seek
with the kids and I am making some
pancakes Sunday panky you're losers we
have what favorite place so far you've
got dry ingredients wet ingredients and
when you add the two together okay again
funny boy go find him okay well I'm
actually making the pancake so always
for about vanilla about vanilla I hope
I'm not forgetting anything else I
honestly do it from memory now because I
do it so many times I think it was one
time I forgot sugar and then I added it
in like just at the end so I almost
forgot the sugar
that would have been interesting don't
watch me but I bought a organic Mattel
ax but it's actually really good I've
tasted it and it tastes amazing it's
this B ona
organic milk chocolate hazel spread it's
basically Nutella but it's an organic
version and it's probably healthier for
you I don't really know I will say I
think it is actually it is about any
like a number and couldn't have seen in
there so pretty good actually but it
takes amazing it tastes exactly the same
I would say it's not better
kids don't notice the difference so
pretty cool candy in the very intense
game of hide-and-go-seek whatever scare
the kid losing the homeless young at the
door and I snuck back around into the
kitchen whether that good one guys I
like in the kitchen if you say we have
to do is kickin and how would you guys
ever
what will we say when I die that's not
some information daddy knows magic
Shirley tell me you both
I can't a magician can never tell his
secrets I'm sworn to secrecy by Harry
Potter I know how you Potter I know what
so it's a very exciting day today cuz
amelia is going on stage that's why I've
got this Wow oh yeah reflecting sparkles
on come on this is so cool when I was a
kid I used to do stage shows and
everything I'm seeing it like I watched
pop star
Amelia seen videos of me with my band on
stage in the net like that it was a fun
well yeah so it's really cool yeah Regan
immediately chilly oh yeah look at the
cream it's exciting yeah night I do
almost touch thank you there are no it's
exciting in media yeah for security okay
cuz I said how exciting huh are you
excited I'm really excited for you
is it a now under torture oh really
really I guess so we are back from the
show was it good yeah yeah yeah was that
scary you went on stage and everything
huh
we're just putting our shoes back on all
right let's go
Oh what you do okay
okay Amelia once see I put petrol in the
car the first thing is you open that
thing up there all by magic and then you
pick one of these now we like the 97 one
which is the blue one this one here but
it's all mixed up now you see this is
the one more after here and we go go
so yes maybe input to it it's happening
all right because this is petrol media
now we do while we're filling this up
here okay you're going to have to
entertain everyone by doing the gun show
okay so let me see your gun right now
what you have to do it right now
yeah but you have to do the dance right
and then we put a little hot down and
then that's how we pay for our petrol
you can be a dancer for money did it did
see dududu huh hey you think we should
bring the car over to Washington who's
that you look like it looks kind of like
water that was really thinking
heymy this legislation is actually at
M&S joining it some luncher birthday
page twitter for some lunch here while
we're here you like sushi roll
California roll
enough California rolls do when it's got
something for lunch here over here hmm
okay maybe you'll get a Percy tape for
we need to find something else projects
and a lot of it's a whiteout
complement deploy packages the boy Percy
pig oh look at these ones okay okay okay
do you like do you like layered sweet
corn and broccoli probably not
I am
okay good
hello hello mister get the Sun cream on
right
hello mister did you miss me where you
going line for the cars pull you up to
our what did you go to no Paula you put
two nail polish on oh we are hanging out
with mommy in LS yeah yeah Emilio engine
has shown a dr. Ted and I Sam said you
kissed her foot only oh my goodness
tricking me we're thinking maybe you
could be in the show next year why no if
you want to be a ballet dancer you want
to be a ballet dancer over you want to
be a ballet dancer I will give my son oh
ma no could do it
it could be a karate ballet dancer like
except brain must let me get two doggies
go stairs and show mommy coasters and
show money go stairs median tell mommy
all about the show LS yeah yeah I gotta
go get Rajiv I guess so we'll take your
shoes off first then the doesn't that
isn't it isn't it isn't the doesn't
Benton State Internet they didn't do
diddily diddily diddily instance
do did it justice to mr. Edison or
desist rings dude it didn't and now are
you doing are you sure watch Amelia bad
idea bad idea
click it I'll pick it up pick it up pick
it up you don't secure the throne eek
rustic buggies I'll go again everything
are you okay mr. do you want to bring it
inside
oh you want to stay out here the media
said it's going to rain but I think she
might be on to something
that looks okay over that side then as
you can see the cloud she's not telling
a lie I don't think she's setting up
house oh and a nice yeah it is a nice
outfit so I am currently holding a
meeting
Alessia lunch well mine is cooking I'm
having next day Peter so yesterday I
ordered a small and like not even the
small it's more than small it's called a
personal Pizza yes
so it's like I think it's like six
inches or something so I bought it so I
could leave it not eat it and then have
it today for lunch
there's something about second day pizza
it's nice it's nice it's like it has
time to like marinate how are you by
please you're very careful is to be
careful around Cena Cena sucks teeth
what's up with you huh you want your
lunch
what Oh single SEO enter lunch oh oh
don't be a fire not a grumpy pan here we
go guys second a pizza
so good I ordered it yesterday turn it a
veggie and put it back in the box
come on - so you don't even need a plate
I don't even need a plate guys what's
happening okay we made it inside the
ranges come the rain did come as you can
see oh but we got all the toys in we got
all the toys in the truck well done to
me - you spotted the rain didn't you
yeah maybe you could be a weather
forecast person when you're older huh
the person who predicts the weather and
then they very nicely go on television
and they tell everybody what the weather
is like it's not cold is it Amenia okay
close it about yeah see how things face
your face maybe what do you like the
next day just to do but we just this
again well for the moment because I
think knows about the kids
temperature now and we've been using the
breath be so weather left there with no
reaction so yeah that is it you be okay
just kids okay maybe you can jump into
this one medium people here what what
what no I heard of expression she's
obsessed with two of them every time
they call my in to her in the morning
she starts smiling
whoa
