don't I deer a female deer way
get off and luck let's go walking Chuck
walk and talk did walk and talk did it
walking talk
come on you gotta walk say right out you
gotta walk straight
this way come on know what you gotta
walk this way sir
hello and welcome to Saturday there's
something day of this some sort of month
v months what they did the guys oh yeah
y'all live but we don't know what day it
is the media is racing something crazy
and it's just gonna fall oh she has
chosen wisely well done high-low art oh
whoa amina has stolen some lipstick for
mommy
nice nice moves mate the children are
more driving everybody crazy this
morning so I decided I would bring them
out again that's what happens guys
that's what it's like nowadays the
student are crazy it was like when
Emilio's in screws one thing right and
then wanted wardo went to school
something changed and ended up both
crazy
I hated it I don't know what happens I
know what happened so we decided whoa
okay big jump big jump I get the ball
guys kicked ball but seriously I don't
know any you guys have kids will have
what changes once the minute is water
went to school as well as the media it's
like I don't know what it was but he
just came home as a wild man he's not a
wild man come on this way wildly oh my
goodness nano climbing trees now they're
climbing trees different game mining
babies to mining toddlers and now
children wild children
I left them I joke I joke I love you
guys
getting daddy to climb that tree five
four three two one zero
those good time I look at him there now
I would you look at him there now I give
him a hard time but he's a good light
he's just mad hey where you going
don't chase a motorbike seriously wardo
so what are you doing you're a badass do
get back up there what's holding up and
go back to the big tree
oh no all right numbers right over what
choices what's happening babe you are to
put your hand in and see what's in there
what are you actually putting on there
why don't you hide in here okay we put a
ramp in O four o clock 7 o clock
your time maybe 4 or 5 o clock 3 o clock
two o clock Jonathan thinks I look
pretty today because he said the baby is
hiding my belly I think you look pretty
every day is best because I was like I
like it thank you for your house pseudo
tell us to summon hun yeah ha ha ha ha
Justin Simon done so don't you kill me
yeah my good man thank you
Oh Johnson's making my lunch like a nice
little boy maybe you could like to care
of your baby all day and cleans the
kitchen this morning and emptied the
dishwasher and what after you come to
bottle up above even though oh you want
to see my store I don't know why I'm
gonna do proud of my store yeah I think
you a shop oh sorry Bank I am you know
mercs we can do like Sakura zoilo so
Tony Joe teamwork its new the new merch
guys we're going to college or any brand
of March yes so you can buy it on the
website so I have quite huge for like
successful days one you can taste Alice
milk that's today oh it doesn't look
nice guy hey honestly over like the
Vitamix do you remember last you and I
it's a few years ago there's an ice
cream shop and then I got shut down
because everyone complaining I don't
really know what now I've actually
tasted it and I thought you might
realize it you don't see what recipes
you can make you know that it could be a
lot more like it's auntie ordinary
auntie
right here was it a vapor no it is good
fear though there's something about it
is like protect because obviously it
protects the babies from my illness and
stuff what is it my hair kind of regret
cutting bangs I'll be honest at this
point because they're like grow now
maybe I should get Alex to do my hair
again
oh sorry forgot there was a baby down
there
hello and lefty yeah nothing go Alice
yes your little Smurfs everyone today
this do our daily smile once month a
little when smile a day keeps the
subscribers from unsubscribing away give
a smile clump
earn your keep earn your keep take extra
space play hard to get
staying cool we'll be offering
yeah guys I'm trying to make the baby
smile will happen help
oh oh oh do you want to see yourself is
that what you want to see then huh who's
I hears that oh wait Sapna is it who's a
dong little baby called Amelia Amelia
strong little baby called Amelia Amelia
Bardot Eduardo Susan annoying little dog
called
Accio Nevaeh newbies bianca Cena right
where are we going we're going to a
birthday party actually not a birthday
party really thank you just officially
summer party spring fighters are not
such frankly renewal bracket
yeah real party for like you say yeah no
one's going to sing happy birthday
I think it's his birthday at the same
time as yours okay good
happy birthday happy birthday happy
so we're going to a party which isn't a
birthday party when aim is your birthday
today happy birthday since the kids are
just saying happy birthday true right we
were back from the partay
and we decided to get a pizza it was a
cool party was the coolest of a party
you know she's like all the parents that
we met in September and we all started
to school together and none of us really
knew each other and then over the course
yeah I'm sorry were you calling me I'm
here to say in a recipe will you carry
the rest of the reason all of them
oh no what you want to carry the pizza
to on okay you got to put them on the
table try not to drop them let it right
okay this one Thank You Eduardo now put
on the table guys Oh put it on the table
guys yeah so just like I would be so
required there for everyone like all of
us before tonight watching we're not
going because obviously left is too long
so I miss it at all but next year we're
going to go in from the wall and it's a
big like black tie dress up there
everyone in the community so step we'll
get that up next year right now we're
going to eat some pizza
yo guys pizza daddy doesn't get pizza
daddy gets sides is what daddy gets
chicken strippers and potato thingies
that's mommy's pizza oh no no this is
your pizza like yeah you guys can be
cool just either like that out of the
box that's what cool kids do I live in a
school center you are in the big school
photo yeah well he's right in your class
well why do you think Kane you gonna do
rich at James's dad I don't care mom
that's for next year Eduardo's only in
middle school when he moves into Europe
after
here and then you move into even bigger
school whoa because the party was kind
of for all your friends and stuff you
know not so much for guardo's class -
exactly
it was George's party exactly Frankie
all right
Eduardo is in bed Alessia is in the bath
and unrest no no I measured just having
a scene oh and I think what you had her
back did you help her in the bath hey I
didn't have time oh did you Comanche
late
yeah I come down and just doing the bath
that judge came come out oh look at me I
mean it is chilling an immediate bed
we're gonna go read a book now put
another if you give a mouse a cookie
I'll ask a bit um sure ask your
asheville milk if you give a mouse at
glass of milk till ash laughter and if
you give the mouse a straw you're after
the beds a bucket what's the name of my
book I say if you give a mouse a cookie
thank our friends for stopping by today
thank you for seeing L we have to Cheryl
dad mom welcome oh you mean like make a
video yeah good okay well I don't I
think you need to end this video first
before then okay well I understand sorry
believe it okay you look at it then for
us come back down into the colloidal
splash there you go if you give a mouse
a cookie this is the mouse and that's
the cookie okay we're going to read this
now what voice would you like me to redo
them like with radish the Italian French
Spanish American Russian Chinese baby
and mom I am I say yo me to a French
young person advice well yeah yeah
well you're actually Irish oh yeah so I
want you to do it
I Irish name is Rita in Irish and ask
well yeah do you know that your
grandfather and my side is French but
you're your grandfather on your mommy
side is Italian but your grandmother on
your mummy side is German but your mommy
and daddy are Irish but your mommy was
born in America how about you live in
England
well that's like I'm fusing sorry if I
ever heard one
anyway goodbye friends thanks watch
whenever than in the city of I read the
whole story to our friends I know let's
say goodbye and then we'll come back and
read the story thanks watching video hit
the thumbs up hit the like button leave
nice comments I know I got the idea what
we yeah yeah ah most about idea we could
secret access at any - video right now
and then and then TARDIS and then turn
the mic on yeah like a new video I can
read
is that okay we keep it at hot yes boom
let's see that okay place watch today's
video leave comments leave likes leave
subscriptions and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
say bye friends
