just realized this morning when I was
jesting Eduardo I put his school clothes
over his pajamas you weren't even
wearing your pajamas all day mister
you
the
come on welcome rebels backers of a
bacteria on our right
finds a very well cloud there's the
reality of trying to get ready in Wayne
when you've got a baby and lots of other
children as well but this is a Jupiter
is by the way course at all all trap
ultra clean guys not to clean ultra
clean okay did you guys know that if
you're brushing your teeth okay and you
get some blood in your in your mouth and
your gums when you sit and you get blood
that's the first sign of a gum disease
right
it's very important not to ignore that
because if you ignore that it will
escalate into something way worse where
is the course well ultra clean because
it's the help stops or prevent bleeding
or gums
friends don't be a gum bleeder okay
course wrong now I'm just trying to get
on with the rest of my day because
little trials huh good morning LS yeah
good morning or less yeah how are you
doing how are you doing today
so Melia got up this morning change
alessia's nappy did you change my seat
back this morning
yeah then came down here got all the
breakfast stuff ready let the doggies
out and is now making the breakfast are
you you're amazing
where's your brother okie not dad Oh
without one day so many talked about for
you hey now the last s much so that is
how one two three oh okay eight
you were little kids before in your
cattle and the cut off kiss me Mikado
whoa
all right les yeah we have to go to the
school time bye bye next year
Oh CA she waved hmm she weighs 100 wire
can you make a smile no you should look
at handsome you a funny face really like
no whatever they come enter in the
morning she smiles Thanks they're like
oh yeah there you go yes you smile for
you dick attendant hangout icon mr.
let's go
climb aboard I'm aboard
daddy Express next up the kitchen time
to stop after that it's a school run
they're gonna do it
Nevaeh movies you're playing good thank
you she's watching cartoons
and having their breakfast you're
finished
yeah synod yeah I'm just a baby in sling
she loves to sing so much and I bet to
be the dog it's getting messed up all
prep tell us boiled you do do you have
any cheese I don't know if you have to
even maybe I you know oh I'll just give
you a slice with this one okay we'll
just do a slice of this should I get
some mini cheese's or evidence me answer
one this week this is the moment when we
ended the vlog yesterday when we forgot
we came here but I can use I'm using her
cuteness
then I Anna's gone under double pump
double pump him all the way across the
sky huh
they're so cute we make such cute babies
you should get an award for that are you
making uh-huh sure her just neatly you
guys matching little cutie mattress this
is cute when you hold her in this thing
when you're wearing that one and then
she's writing that one yeah nice enough
forget you guys mixed up I dunno oh look
we made one as a look you miss I helmet
I come in fast as I can look in a little
package thing and we froze it then you
defrost it they just put it in the thing
right we have a bottle fall okay we have
a full bottle I know are the mean my
Sabine man mean old man huh
what did the me Norman do
yeah see touch myself and all is right
in the world well as soon as I'm sitting
here you just reach that controller we
have come to collect the children
especially if you come to collect your
brother and sister she's kind of like
old school ones you're a good school
baby
she's so good in the car these days as
well are you smile
yeah hello
I think she just saw me and she just
realized there's a mirror and she just
looked up you're so cute all right until
this car with children and I'm the kids
are here me get a fire station say a
nice oh my gosh fire at the fire engine
fire reveals I am Ian and I got this
what the hose
whoa that is exciting I enjoyed this
planning best because sounds like it was
like but like in in this one chop and we
didn't know what direction to go to bed
in the fire truck so press that and I
needed doors shut and then we were like
trying to drive why can we drive in the
own fire truck one of y'all got the fun
and them and then it came back to the
school and it was hard to fire my land
and a fight and I was like oh geez this
is like but so it was like having a
party laughs goodbye Chuck good going
like it was it fun we just realized this
morning when I was dressing Eduardo I
put his clues push school clothes over
his pajamas if you want you can wear
your pajamas all day mr. oh goodness
that's because you changed it unless he
is not be this morning that's funny
I cannot believe I sent order to school
his pajamas this morning Amelia of
stress and as I was dressing in wardo
she said Alessia made a noise and then
she was like I think she did a poo and
she was like a water just change her and
I just turned red she'd stripped Alessi
completely I'm taking her nappy off and
I was like oh no she's gonna what if she
does a poopy right now and I'm like no
so job over and I'm like and I started
off with change less he's not be I put
her clothes back on
I try my count my turn around and I'm
like was it wider dressed I think he may
have just put his own trousers on some
like how could I have dressed him with
his pajamas oh that isn't even oven Oh
anyway hilarity that is the hilarity
tonight immediate Eduardo over there and
that fast unless you don't know this but
everyone's having a bath tonight
together effective soon you'll be able
to turn you over to not bother you'll be
with the crazy Bunch
now you can be over here your own
private bar because those double chin
sorry you're going to be a chunky monkey
like a Lavinia that's what you want when
a baby one thing to be about 21 feet
high makes the right to tell me what
you're thinking about you look like
you're thinking they're boom boom there
were two wide Oh got a haircut today oh
yeah go get your hair wet cause you have
the haircut hey guys don't mess with
this if you know how to do a doctor
stuff fine bye so on top of our over
like twins no
we like twins aha
but he didn't know he didn't that he was
never play mommy so we want a book that
you both words a ginormous book you say
the Alpha Michelle
ah I love you daddy
what do you want the Alpha in the shelf
book in May but it's May guys it's not
Christmas for a while okie dokie sit
down please
we'll read the Christmas tradition in
May in May guys who's maybe she is that
Theresa May oh whoa
do you not a prime minister I never
sending them years old
what oh I'm s tiny you're a second you
guys know the Prime Minister of England
I know Cathy who can be a problem of
crime in my face best I see she is not
just the closest thing are you gonna be
a prime minister when you grow up here
thank you correct me you know that you
could be a prime minister I think you
may know I don't know you could be a
Prime Minister I would be concerned if
you are Prime Minister right now y'all
are you might rule
grace is that guy oh Santa
and who's this kooky ragam some oh my
goodness look at wardo Amelia and
Alessia
why did you are done yeah look at this
guys do you remember last Christmas when
we had this book it was just Eduardo and
Amelia and now we have a name for this
baby
alas yeah yeah
I'm not cool yeah hey watch and Wonder
Jonathan an analyst yeah all right guys
let's read our book and let's go to bed
okay and a shower everyone had a shower
together we're all very exciting very
exciting her say nice guys tomorrow's
Friday
yeah and then we've got the big party on
Saturday me only excited about the big
I'm not
you
Oh
