he's getting money
find yourselves today
so let's go back into those homes hope
your ship reaches
three
hello bandits before we show you we have
to show you the other idiot shall we did
the other day so today's video is in
collaboration and partnership with
Vodafone because we're gonna tell you
guys about something very cool very very
cool we're talking about keeping track
of the things you care about me now I
care about you I can't assume I don't
care about any boys so we're gonna be
talking about four products at Vodafone
halves which is helping you keep track
of the day okay so instead of just
telling you guys about these products we
decided that we were gonna show you guys
how each one of them works this morning
I'm late for school boys weak little
ants my books
that one guys yeah you know what it's
okay we can use our V by Vodafone move
track app and we'll be able to find out
where your book buy it is because daddy
put the tracker in your book bag because
you're always losing it so we're just
gonna click on the move track app and we
should be able to find out where it is I
know where it is I do I change oh don't
you do don't you back
maybe one day beauty swimsuit she good
job we had the tracker on
Oh
so if this scenario happens we're gonna
get our Vodafone out again
it's okay duardo we're gonna be able to
track him so this time we're gonna use
the Kippy one happy Kippy tracking I
know guys but it's okay because we're
gonna track them and it's gonna tell us
where they are
look look there they are
they're right there guys so let's follow
this let's find them we got the dogs
back so some other interesting things
you can do for newbies we've got her age
her gender her weight you can see
walking like steps go running go play go
sleep go it's just exactly like one of
those a human trackers you're also able
to set up a geofence which is a virtual
fence set an area that you don't want
the dogs to leave and if they actually
leave that area you get a notification
to your phone which is pretty cool isn't
it guys yeah well I can track scenery by
the stick can you can you all right
let's go guys come on everybody I'll
hold on to the dogs this time
you ever story in countess thankfully is
morning Jonathan installs the Vodafone
be Auto it helps you to locate your car
wherever it's parked so let's find out
where it
as you guys know or as you can probably
tell I'm not the world's confident
driver but what it does is it just puts
your mind at ease and helps you feel a
bit more confident about the safety of
your driving so are you ready we're
gonna check my score
another product that V by Vodafone have
is this our low camera the V camera uses
Wi-Fi and it is cable free because it
uses 4G camera has a day and a night
setting and it's fully waterproof so
it's perfect for indoor and outdoor use
this video I was caught in the kappa
review tonight when i spit the disease
to death making no dinner make sure to
check out the V by Vodafone products
they're all amazing they're all
available I may be one of them could
help you keep track of the things you
care about
hi we are on our way to London town
friends look at this guy where does he
live let's know he got oh my goodness
normally this car park is like
jam-packed at this time I think a lot of
people are having a snow day good little
smart car anyway leave comments if you
were a bail and I'm worth their school
having a snow day this is the first day
though that were actually since we
financed the pregnancy we're going in
for a scan now to see our little fella
and it's the first time we actually been
able to sort of bring you along with it
live normally these are all like the
sneaky ones would be like sneaking in
filament yet sneaking out Oh guys were
just in we're just in here for business
meetings oh look we've made it a natural
kitchen for no reason sneaky little
psycho nice Jolie's
I don't go to the toilet and I do i whoa
get it under Victoria free I know it's
30 minutes late oh it looks like we
won't be seeing the baby today like that
new Victoria 950 canceled
severe weather now there's not even any
options I guess they're out from the
snow day I know oh well oh my goodness
guys thankfully we didn't get that train
holy holy holy crap look at us no now oh
my goodness I get a call from the school
I said I'll call if you get too much
whoa the beast from the east is shedding
its No look at that what a beautiful
picture picturesque unless you're going
up for a nap Eduardo has a play date so
I don't have to pay come on today I've
just go oh my god
freezing up here uh we just don't my
finger and Alesi I've just realized has
see I said out and she pulled my hair
she knows what she's doing this little
crazy girl look at that so pretty okay
I'm gonna turn this on full yeah pretty
little girl like you're wearing bunnies
again she's always wearing bunnies I'm
gonna put some cream on because alessi
has got a dry patch behind her neck the
back of her neck and I think it's from
the suds in her bath because she's just
kind of sitting in them if that makes
sense so like even when I take her out
of the bath like she's still like has
residue at the back of her neck because
that's where she lays in it you know
like so even when I rinse it doesn't get
rid of it no no no no no no no no no no
oh my goodness
it's like a little mouse almost be
freezing
you okay look at the little fella
oh are you ready guys you're stepping
first ice yeah oh it's snowing again
it's what what what are you crazy
there's just ice balls there you know
what you want me to get in that
trampoline I'm not getting that look at
the big snow balls in there it's full of
giant snowballs guys I might open under
giant snowballs familia you should get
your wellies on hey guys why don't you
wear a snowman waterproof clothes and
you can make a snowman
I've got treetops under my hand of God
seasons under my bed
I've got troubles in the nighttime
troubles in the daytime too
I've got sand juice in between my toes
I've got hilltop shadow in my woes
I've got troubles in the nighttime
troubles in the daytime too
got troubles in the nighttime travels in
the daytime
did you not know that I was ready to go
I said I would be there for you did you
not know that I was ready to go I said
we'll be there for you I've got troubles
in the night time troubles in the day
time
