good morning again my little friendly
friend oh my goodness is so cute
Oh baby
good morning and welcome to the ninth
best day of the fifth month of your life
rest of your nut waters in drunken I
can't remember I think I'm just too in
love with you right now look hi hi good
morning and welcome to the ninth best
day of the fifth month of your life yes
she's so smiley this morning I don't
even know why are you just writing are
you just lucky you know I think it's um
the camera because when I put the camera
up to her I think because it's black she
can see it that's when she started
smiling although if you make eye contact
with her and smile she'll smile back you
cutie pie you're so cute
we're both matching as well I mean not
really but these are both from baby be
mine this little step and this I know
they're different sets but I was
thinking of grace when we were wearing
like these things we are home alone
right now it's Jonathan's just gone to
drop the kids to school so I'm going to
quickly try and make breakfast we read
of porridge I know Alessia I know and
how weird is this right all throughout
my pregnancy I was eating like all
different foods for breakfast like I
wasn't just having porridge even though
like I used to have porridge back
Thursday every single morning so like
eggs porridge wait Vic bagels what else
scrambled eggs like all kinds of
different things and then um recently
ever since I've kind of had the baby I
feel like I'm craving porridge 4:00 in
the morning like that's all I want is
just porridge and I did used to eat it
like every single morning for a long
time but and I do really obviously
really liked it but I just didn't want
anything else like just recently I just
don't want anything else
I just want porridge and then I was
researching and like how to boost your
milk supply
not that mine's low or anything but I
was just out of curiosity I was like how
do you make it like even more you know
like how you produce even more milk and
one of the top foods for lactation is
oatmeal
or in other words porridge and I thought
that was so interesting because it was
like my body knew that it needed that
food like how weird is it that your body
just knows like to crave stuff that it
means I just think that so bizarre
like when I was pregnant with Eduardo I
was low on iron I was low in iron with
both Amina and Eduardo but I was craving
meat like red meat so badly with Eduardo
it was crazy and I'm like not neat
person at all like I don't even really
like the stuff so yeah I just thought
that was really interesting so yeah we
don't have any porridge but I think we
have read of it so it might have that
instead we'll see we'll see if I can put
you down because I don't think you want
to be put down
I think you just want to be held forever
you cannot be hungry you just ate like
twice alright let's go make breakfast
I'm hoping the school rod and luck Ana
is wearing a Louise wearing this year's
2017 baby spring baby it looks really
cute though yeah just happy to be close
to me yeah that all you wanted no yeah
oh hello there friends if your heart or
a who's a I mail add some more Mayo hat
in a while getting a haircut today I
like to coming over 2 o'clock so if that
hair is getting out of control
but something's been going on I just
thought out for you guys in a little bit
because I was just making me think so
it's kind of sad but I don't want to say
you guys are just on these videos I like
to I like to you know use them as a
little bit of a video diary and for me
to talk about how I feel about certain
things when I notice something I
sometimes like to talk about it
we call them Jonathan chats and so uh I
have one grandparent left in this world
I've lost my boat my grandfather's and
my grandmother on my dad's side and my
mom's mom who's been in the vlogs you
guys have seen her in the vlogs we call
her mom Oh which is the iron for a
grandmother and just like we call home
and the kids call Anna's mom Margaret
oh my because almost the German for
grandmother which Anna's grandmother is
German but Anna's dad is Italian so
Anna's dad the kids would call Anna's
dad oh man OPA
so oh my no PES government grandma momma
and daddo is my Irish mark grandma
grandpa and no no and no na is grandpa
father and then grandma grandpa is
English though anyway my grandmother has
reached the end of her time here and in
the next today or tomorrow or the next
few days we've been told I'm going to
fly over to Ireland for the funeral
this isn't this inside this is that but
what really struck a chord in me is a
minute ago it's on the phone to my mom
and she's in the hospital or in the
hospice split my grandmother and I
mentioned I think she's in her 90s like
she doesn't she's unwell like somewhere
for herself she's really strong heart so
she's not letting go and she's she's a
trooper on but my mom it just really
struck a chord because I'm a parent now
you know and her mom was just my mom's
the oldest daughter and she was just
talking about how like her sisters her
sister and her brother and she was like
gasps I gotta be strong for them and
worrying about that when I said it was
like you know you don't have to be
strong right now cuz that is your mom
you know I was like that's your mom you
know let's and then I was thinking
like oh the clothes your life and then I
think my own kids and I'm just
you know it took when you're a parent
when you look at your parents right you
see these parent machines that you
forget about the fact that every parent
is a child every parent has a mom and a
dad you know every grandparent has a
moment at that everyone has a moment of
data it's just when the cycle catches up
the person who is the grown-up the idols
can withdraw back in its history alike
it must be hard you know to say goodbye
oh come on it's not that I for that
oh I should I should do I love you
forever book on the book club thing oh I
just hit me he just hit me and I was
like oh no me tough it's gonna be tough
it's got me took my mom and my sister my
mom my aunt my uncle you know cuz I said
mom you know I don't say that a long
time ago anyway sorry I ever brought
sorry for Debbie gathering I'm out of
here I'm heading off I have a meeting
now about the film thing I'm working on
I just I just I just wanted to discuss
you know make everyone think of
something okay
so media is just back from swimming and
Alesi is here what yeah let's just
change good-for-nothin a she looks
different in media this is Alex's baby
finally had a baby and she's all look at
you you are hello Jim's a baby she's a
week younger a week younger and too much
bigger
we look at baby that had a fabulous yeah
yeah what Mommy had another baby today
yeah she did mommy had another baby guys
is it Alex's baby you're too smart now
daddy's going to get a haircut what kind
of haircut your daddy got notes a purple
blue it's not a color it's a style you
want daddy to be one of those cool dad's
in the playground yeah
alright cool dad haircut please don't be
cursing me show okay guys that is how
much hair we took off okay are you ready
to see my reveal hey we could sellotape
that onto her Oh Jenna what do you guys
think now it's never going to look this
good because she's done this and I'm
gonna have a shower now instead of a
terrible what is it sweeping oh hi oh hi
I think it's cool
like it can't really tell can never tell
them videos it's cool what do you think
do you like it
that's not a face of I like it does
daddy look different oh yeah what's
different about daddy
Oh your hair it is like is like a crash
my hair is like the grass yeah but you
my hair is like the grass yeah what you
mean what you mean my hair is like the
gun yeah oh you mean my hair is cooked
like the grass wants connected I wanna
know if you stare the same together yeah
she's dead when she's asleep in there
I'm gonna have a shower okay alex is
then there
so I'm gonna have a shower and then alex
is going to do my hair shouldn't teach
me how to blow dry my hair oh my goal is
to have beautiful hair like you look at
this you don't even appreciate it you
don't even appreciate you when you look
at it look at this let me put my foot
you hear okay
wouldn't even know look at this pair of
fellas my goon oh yeah all right you
guys says I'm wait for me okay I'll be
down in a minute they do guaran I am to
somebody then pleased to meet you little
ones somebody downstairs to meet you
where to Cheryl I use some Franklin's
I'm a product user a user rough product
products are usually you ready to meet
another little baby she's one week
they're basically twins surprise
the babies are multiplying no all right
let's try and sitting together they're
gonna be best friends
oh my goodness it's nice to mansburg
beautiful look at you two so cute look
at the size of it that she is one week
younger no jumping jump jump Oh jumpy
jump jump which one can I see you guys
oh is it is it right Alyssa where's my
life a Marlowe unless ya ha
Eduardo would you stop your jumping
hello you're so cute Oh No hmm you're
going to be best friends someday you'll
see each other in the clubs here not
she's so much bigger right but then
alessia's eyes are like so much bigger
hey shall I so different a possession of
the eyes genuinely right you could
actually write wrong it would be
physically possible I probably wouldn't
don't you love enough oh yeah I like it
a lot
oh so cute so cute you can make their
with Concha I'm John crazy in it yeah if
you had had twins that I look like I'm
going to come in under this mess
hey quick shed head and this is related
to my film
we have Crudup and casted up we did the
castings a couple of days ago I was
really good so I think we have casting
lockdown we have nearly all the
locations lockdown bar one I am still
trying to find a high street it's tricky
and trying to get cancels and stuff like
going to show the road but I really
would like I'm looking for a coffee shop
and I'm looking for a street that I can
Philemon that has a road at the end of
it preferably a coffee shop so if you
have a coffee shop please send an email
to castings a little squid media taco de
UK and it will be amazing and will put
your cafe in the vlogs and it'll be
amazing and yeah so please that we
really cool another thing I'm looking
for is a makeup artist that can do like
special if not special effects but like
like what's the word like damn like hurt
and accidents and so far like some good
makeup not just basic you know makeup
daily makeup I am I making your makeup
artist you know Thomas I'm looking for
and I'm also eating for a sound person
okay so you're saying also man you sound
not that kind of sane person but I'm so
when I can do boom like operating and
folio artist and because you get a lot
of like backgrounds to build and for the
audio yeah so castings a little scream
unicode a UK do that any skill music
anything to a filters have drop emails
to casting a little school mini-com
that little comedic owe to UK and we're
trying to build a database because this
is like the first of this film and then
hopefully we're going to make lots more
and you've got lots of other projects
coming up that if you've got some
production skills
friends email me and I would love to use
you guys water than fine
in external sources you know because
there's lots of cool agencies out there
where you know where you can find a lot
of talented people but you are a bunch
of talented people so if you got a skill
send an email to casting a little screen
media Dakota UK I'll put it here in case
I'm saying it wrong
all right things like a check at dinner
situation bangers and mash basically so
we finished in July beauty and we are
going to crack open broad first line
duty otherwise I want to climb - Judy in
the line hi what I want to call it in
the line in the line of fire come home
in the line of fire Oh anyway we finish
line of duty so we've decided we're
really feeling the British police force
shows it's what we need right now we're
very obsessed
ac-12 is over we've been to watch four
seasons of it in like two weeks
I might obsessed at it like you know I
know II alla deserves to be interviewed
by a rank one see our position I
remember I ruined this Harriette
like Judy fans will guide me and it will
crack open borders to new season with
our bangers and mash
Oh
No
