good morning and welcome to the ninth
bath day of the fifth month of the best
year of your life and I want you to
relax and enjoy this moment as we sit
here and listen to you music
good morning Katya good morning friends
good morning
friendly being is considered to me well
you want to read the CBeebies magazine
when you're waiting I'm trying to climb
on board to CBeebies magazine I'll bring
it for you just just right there a
little journey just a little journey
all laughing up someone in the grass is
the garden guys okay take the garage
typically one leg is gonna leave you
there to make your own decisions
okay you're old enough now to make your
own decisions
shimmy shimmy shimmy shimmy shimmy
shimmy shimmy shimmy shimmy shimmy
shimmy shimmy shimmy shimmy you know
that song it cuts to were a camera girl
the girl rapper so many people have sent
me rock Colin said like that sounds like
Bianca but she's all like Jimmy Jimmy
Jimmy Albert Hanna Beth hey Jimmy Jimmy
Jimmy so basically that's Bianca's a new
hit single
shimmy shimmy who's a little Kim or Kim
little or something that were one of
those rapper people that I know all of
it cuz I'm a hip cool dad shimmy shimmy
shimmy shimmy all night blows it haloed
to defy you want to go in a little
Avenger I'm gonna go on a little
adventure huh
let yourself see here anymore that's it
I get in trouble any longer
anyways we're off to collect the kids I
see were product only collecting one
right now cuz Amenia had like.we rolls
herself I can well I thought that she
didn't I thought that she wouldn't want
to do dancing anymore at school she
doesn't expires girl and it's the same
teacher and everything but then last
week when she heard just two weeks ago
whatever she got picked up early and
then she started crying in the cart she
was like it was a Christmas who's been
your story as I won't get to know what
the story is like oh god that's not
really bad so I never rien rolled her
like I was actually a mistake anyway
like I like forgot anyway because of
having CV and everything so everything
just kind of gone completely like messed
up anyway but I never enrolled her in
the class the worst thing that happened
that was the worst that I that I know
um and then yeah now she wants to do it
again so I don't want to care either way
if she wants to do it point I was just
with all bricks and it makes our pickup
times the difference bi will pick up now
whatever isn't happening are so yes
we'll see if she gets to do it today I
don't know if I'm we're going to be
allowed to do that because I didn't
enroll her properly
so what happens when their postpartum
Barbie was foreign party who saw my
snapchat that postpartum Barbie Jonathan
said reckons I look like a Barbie and I
was like no media has a kinder egg
Barbie doll I said does that look like
mommy yeah it was like does not look
sleek mo because like and now okay today
I've got like a little bit more glam on
than I did yesterday like yesterday was
quite a but I'm not quite a relaxed day
at home and I had like breast milk
stains on my top I was worse flip-flops
with like three-quarter like jogging
bottoms like I just did not look good at
all
I was like yeah really look like that
Barbie right now postpartum Barbie do
you do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do did you did you did you did you do
a pivot skills that you said hmm
so we're going on a little after-school
walk with Eduardo and unless the I
amelia is that ballet as we discussed
she actually was in enroll in the class
so we're all good so we're just going to
go for a walk while we're waiting for
Amelia to finish school rather than
going home and then drive Mac later and
collected her thought it'd be fun to go
for a little walk and you know you like
to go play a little walk it's bring
Alessi out every day for like we're
starting off with just bring around for
like half an hour so but it definitely
helps I think I think she's almost in a
routine I think we almost have her in a
bit of a routine situation which is good
it's good for us and I think it's good
for her whoa whoa whoa whoa Oh can you
pause that wider I'm going to go and get
the boxes so there's some rumors that
the post office boxes have arrived today
guys my first years made with love that
is anyway let's bring up a couple of
these guys here Oh off you pop up you
possum
what you learn about control this little
guys oh no guys well let's go find out
guys let's start with this one first no
no no no no no no you're just crazy
sitting in there loaders well guys I
copy essentials whoo albian Cena so that
is all right let's have a look
Totti oh let's see look at this one the
cool box
okay that's here Francesca okay let's
have a look that's for Less you guys a
camera some benefit a camera another
less yes - okay - oh no okay I feel like
we're going to be a lot of alexia stuff
here again like this happen before
what is it was it's a Amelie a big
sister what did you get wardo oh my
goodness is this a eduardo bigbrother it
does this is his word Oh big brother and
Emilia big sister oh look at this guy's
he's closing those a little are they big
for her Alessia baby sister Oh close and
a little hot I wanna know top oh my
goodness there's so many though I'm so
cute does he protect the fischoeder I'm
sure what Eduardo got what as well
what is this all come from furnace
poison is our card or something well uh
congratulations on Alessia ah Thank You
Emily
ah it's really cute huh
it's really cute guys made by mom and me
which i think is this thing here you
guys look it's an etsy store
oh you can make all this stuff you guys
should get some of this made by mom and
me you can check it out guys
this is so cool oh my goodness look it's
just like a little basil
it's got like you okay everybody knows
they know they know they're on to us
this looks really cool okay this is all
doggie food guys let me haha let's close
it up don't look for them they all know
they all know they all know the hell
they'll close it up Oh Eduardo there
might be stuff for you in here as well
at all okay first a secret card to
Jonathan on that Amelia Eduardo and
Alessia oh okay
what are something for everybody well
okay so this one let's pull this one out
first
oh it's a Tuesday losers right sir
happy 3rd birthday Eduardo open it up oh
I think that's attached to I think you
get a double I think it's a double price
to media hope you like this left of love
wow that was probably to Alessia welcome
to the world jobless oh my goodness guys
well I'll open the card okay you guys
get busy on those they got doubles look
at Alexius wanna want a t-shirt Oh two
new books I just wanted to take congrats
in the bread of last year I love what
she loves everyday Easter chocolate just
for a little problem
oh thanks Emma can you guys say Thank
You Emma hey I never see the box you got
guys the princesses new dress and an
amazing snowman frozen box
oh here comes the DJ Alessia what you
get in your 1y know what I'm havin
opening it
what story did you get right Oh unless
yeah you got the most amount of things
you also have a little snotty then I'm
just gonna pick out oh I got it Oh tooth
children hair washed and are done and is
that here in the second department
during the baby department I mean Lee as
you are supposed to get your pajamas on
huh sometimes the second Department if
you put your pajamas on property right
night mister I'll see you in the morning
time hey you're supposed to be in bed
young lady
oh he's putting a mess here to bed no
come on in mija
night-night anemia hmm what happened to
bed Amelia do you guys remember we got a
amazing baby girl which had alessia's
name embroidered on it and like wings on
the back from Adam and Sabrina I don't
know if you guys remember or if I even
had on the dogs but it was on my
snapchat and well then company did you
called my first year's just sent us on
my back sir sounded better lighting so
you don't see the bags of Ozzy and they
just sent us like a lot of stuff to the
field office so I'm going to open them
now really like this is what one each oh
wait I don't know is it all just for an
idea I don't know we open it yeah go
it's not way oh my goodness oh my god
don't you so cool then it will dress in
Ganga others really saw on no idea like
this like pink spray so we got a bonus
maybe I think I'm I don't know legit oh
that's so cool ever
oh my god economically that put a minute
thank you so much I really thought it
all April all the names right - it's
late in the evening it's very late
evening I was just painted it I was just
praying praying away we watch the last
episodes in the line of duty guys show
can't believe that's been going on for
like four years and they'd even know
about it
yeah Anna's in the shower and I was
playing a better pray I was waiting for
us residue quit praying and I had Alesi
it was getting a little bit upset and
she said daddy I want to come inside and
play with you and I said okay that's
here and now she's trying to consume me
it would seem a frantic consume daddy
you're trying to consume Betty oh he's
so cute
okay that's basically our day lads
so the end of the video if you haven't
guessed what's about to happen
are you ready are you ready to think oh
do you sing to say goodbye do you hear
to G oh say goodbye
I find myself anytime ever saying
goodbye like I'll go by and I'm like oh
better say goodbye
oh you say goodbye I do I think in my
head all the time it's like the best
song ever
one-hit wonder good anyway thanks for
watching today your friends leave in
comments subscribing
pressing like buttons the Twitter's and
Facebook's in this snapchat the
instagrams the whatever else there is
out there
pre-ordering the friendliest friend book
isn't that exciting last year I will
meet with that next week I think we're
looking at the second round of roughs
and drafts and stuff of that is like the
best project I've ever done
we've also recorded a few more episodes
of them the the book club thing the
friendliest friend book coupling I'm
thinking maybe like a Tuesday in a
Thursday I don't want to like to
overcommit and then under deliver
I'd rather under commit and over deliver
so possibly go and check the funding
expand channels or maybe a new -
actually this weeks - two one zero two
gives you quite funny I think we
recorded them after shower yesterday and
they're quite funny for them it's the
Lady Bird haired and the woman that
swallowed the fly that funny and then go
check your mat if you're interested in
hearing a goodnight story okay if you
got any words last year you got into say
kinda save the peeps
yeah happen and in his lips she's just
so cute all right thanks watch your
video guys I'll see you tomorrow
I just got an email Oh
