come on come this way are you getting
anywhere
good morning and welcome to the seventh
best day of the fifth month of the best
year of your life and really adventure
oh it's okay it's okay it's okay we're
in a public park so Alessi is at home
and mommy asleep when we decided I
decided to give an a break then I would
bring my back girlfriends to the park so
hopefully run wild get another system
and we'll go home enough sleep sleep
like angels what you guys know a
shortcut all right where are we going
where are we going what did you yeah
whoo oh my goodness she's right there
oh my goodness he's just jump into
another tree do you see him guys yeah
I'm jumping around
hello mrs. what wait what where are we
going
wait for that eat operation tired at the
children on a Sunday morning years ago
all right go on guys go tie yourselves
guys
have a blast so today is my mom's
birthday and this is like kind of it's
really funny but then it's kind of sad
at the same time so she's with her mom
my granny my OMA right now and in Galway
and she just I just booked her on the
phone and I was like did all my remember
that it was your birthday because she's
forgetting a lot recently which is that
but like sometimes it could be really
funny like some things that she forgets
or things that she does are really funny
like she I think she was feeding her
cat's birdseed she was like there's no
way she would have forgotten your
birthday but apparently she did and then
she felt really bad so she wrapped up a
packet of lentil chips that my mum had
bought herself and gave that to her for
her birthday and like I know it
mean to laugh because like obviously
it's not very nice if you start
forgetting some of the things she does
are just hilarious
I just pumped a bottle I need to go put
that in the freezer now it has a whole
messy like look up my room like it's
just trashed what happens on the
weekends and then um downstairs has
crashed as well and I I want to like do
my hair a little bit because I haven't
done my hair in ages and I just feel
like I want to style it um little things
that make you feel better in life you
know sometimes you just need some styled
hair and that will make you feel better
little one little one big one big one
that is really big ah very little one
little one little one we good yeah whoa
you bring a sign up then one another one
little one
really it's a pulley system on any for
the sign in here oh well would you look
at that my plans were foiled
oh there we go hi hi hello baby
hello baby can you see yourself hello
baby
so my plans were foiled because the baby
woke up so I didn't get to do any of
those things
good I didn't get to my hair didn't get
to clean out all the breakfast thing
just alight yeah they are those oh oh
look at her eyes compared to mine
how was that possible how did you
command me looking like that you look
like your auntie I'm gonna kick your IP
mm-hmm you do know you look like
yourself
she's like I'm sick of people telling me
who I look like I just look like a left
ear
okay okay okay I'll give you a boobie I
give you a boobie next give your boobie
now ah okay we survived it's a girl and
now we're shopping for last year it
would seem because what are we getting
here here a George pig thing I don't
think that's gonna fit her guys in the
water hatch or treasure hunters I think
I feel like I like a little bit too big
for her guys well let's have a look over
this side now I was thinking you know
when we pay her much me had a little
sponge for her
throw a little punch no you're not
allowed to touch anything no well this
is this is it there's a safe distance
do not move yourself in do not move
yourself closer Amy yeah
have you figured something I can you
make it you little monkey
alright let's look for some stuff look
at that little baby oh you're happy baby
let's go
Oh can you move yourself a lot okay come
this way come on come this way are you
getting anywhere all right you guys want
a magazine yeah what my you see em you
guys one broken magazine we've got this
one here looks sparkle world it comes
with a nail set ah oh this one in here
oh it's a frozen magazine it's got an
Elsa cape you want this one did you
imagine right one day friendly a friend
will turns into a magazine thing and we
have magazines like this shopkins Wow
oh my goodness there is help okay guys
are you just picking these for the toys
are you actually picking them for the
reading material or is it just the toys
trying so hard oh I remember when I was
going to publish management you never
know generally provide different
publishers and one of the ones you met
at which stores we actually signed it
with egg month let's see this Star Wars
thing dissection published flag month
same guys that published my book also
publish Star Wars magazine that's very
pretty to me now start okay perfect we
need to do is we need to bleak this fire
ready we got it possibly two things
Tashia I'll get a bleep in passing over
economy take this homeless what are you
doing oh my goodness camera's broken all
right let's make this helmet of dead
weight we got a lot of papad let's see
you're gonna wait there's no mistake yes
does she love the Sun is that your jam
but you're jamming us yeah she's popping
her head yeah yeah she's like getting
into it he jamming this your gym t-shirt
en Joe hmm I know you're taking an actor
are you Wow very nice you mean it
this is okay well let's change and I
feel smitten up okay will you help you
got me a Nucky
give me an Appy we're all in the bed and
the little one said roll over roll over
hey we all rolled over no no no I left
you have seen roll over what wires
already God he rolled over mmm ice cream
the backhand the little one said roll
over roll over and we all rolled over
whoo for letting us yeah
Phyllis
point what part is already phone that
there's four in the bed and it always
had rollover me lost Eduardo just have
three in the bed
what yeah hey I think Amelia rolls over
no and really opposed that get your foot
away from here
no right out where are you yeah and
let's come back over here I know we have
a bit of a chill dance tonight and
sleazy Sunday snuggly Sunday it's not
really from there like that 100 ah
carefully take the camera I'll do this
cameras had damage because we're real
weird guys remember we were playing with
the size and a pulley system we got sand
in this camera so it's damaged down
second is you smiling at this guy she's
laughing other slides oh they all rolled
over and lefty I fell oh no daddy why
are you holding hello I do apologize
Daisy boy oh yeah tell me miss vard√∏
are in bed I was just running the bath
now we just may better pray like if
you're thinking about it it's really
good but look I wanted to show you guys
this you just want to scooch down there
for a second I don't know if you can see
here but I can just get it to focus on
the top of my hand
can we focus can we focus our first curl
look look I can figure you can kind of
see it look like you see that is that
chief resident Carl pick up their scent
trail huh
you look a little curly hair
get your filter up come on up hey
Lincoln is it so cute oh my goodness
look at that look at that little thing
there
we're just gonna have to call every
single video from now on cutest baby
ever episode 1 cutest baby ever episode
2 cutest baby ever episode 3 almost the
way until you stop being a baby that
they were gonna have to do we can
everybody or games out of watch Oh
sounds like sounds like and with the
back is there you ready huh you just
punch me I think you just punch me but
you're first
Papagena she's so cute
alright let's bring in three about the
Obama genus Bambino Obama Chima clothes
and movies and who do we have here mr.
Albee
mr. Alberto's Al Pacino's it's very nice
clean Dez that's a look like last night
look at that guy
it's pretty it's like a nice just being
in the dog - don't get a fright it's
lasers nice and then here preparing the
lunches what's on the menu tomorrow Gina
and c3 and sweet corn because all the
salmon is gone I think I like tuna to go
are you gonna give in to a pot for make
a roll a bagel I love this now listen
listen to this now he is it Aldi who's
that here he's making all the noises hmm
this is it you know who it is
Gina Moody foody good look at Katie's or
dougie there look at Katie's all right
yeah
hmm do you guys know if I wrote a book
about you huh
you know I wrote a book about you Oh
your dad can we - we're gonna eat
we go to the Han oh they are ot hi
oh no it's the Gruffalo
it's really cute you know my mom never
made me excellence like that it's got a
squished ham sandwich so it looks like
it's a fog do what you have to be lucky
yeah and a super long and little beauty
person okay so a little date an apple
bar place and half of our stands is this
section here the melon just a juicy and
it's K and here and there we go
this looks like a nice lunch this is the
world Eduardo is having and this is what
Amelia's having very tasty very tasty
time
