oh boy here this is that the cutest
thing you've ever seen
look at him it's like one of those
babies in those you know those calendars
so good morning and welcome to the sixth
in all the different all best year oh
yeah everybody's here this morning
having breakfast
good morning Alice yeah she's very
highly disordered very quietly time
what help you with you and they're all
is they made well don't ever be all the
same age
but all of you will be the oldest you
never know who could be the tallest oh
I'll be all eduardo i peter taller
how many months is it I see I mean that
one day and that one month one month so
I still have a bit of a coil situation
going on today which is so annoying but
it's definitely worse than my voicemail
a black teenager is more the from
situation so it's approved yeah it was
like you you were number two Emma's
number two sigh uncle Simon was over -
that is number three left left yeah I
was number three
but you put it this is I haven't added
any more this is just a little balls
that we had yesterday in the little shot
glass we put them overnight and look at
must have expanded careful water your
greens in that Wes gave me to get rid
water we go okay are you ready for a
road trip high school run girl run
unless you dare
Amelia check Eduardo check when you do a
roll call when you've got more than one
child or two children you need to start
getting a roll three children so we get
it so it's like register in the morning
now Eduardo's the county jelly pocket
autonomous no II used to say I'm here or
you can say on Shaw that's what they say
in Ireland in Irish skills you say
Eduardo and they say on shock you gotta
just go or you can say presence Oh
present okay so Eduardo Cunha Jolie
hmm he hasn't quite figured adesh Ridge
guys every time I break everything like
oh my goodness I said we were stuck in
that one they bought Alby removing a
coconut Brady yeah brower's it is
dancing we're going underneath we're
going to the puddle puddle is usually
okay look you over
you guys I don't think you can see like
it doesn't give you scale do you know
what I mean like like camera kind of
zoom in but like it goes all the way off
you can see all the cars and traffic for
like miles a month anywhere we're going
in to pay some guys you ready for a big
tunnel Oh
ready ready yeah ready
hold your breath you're all directly a
snake we always get snake with you
always hold your breath or anything it's
what it is like
it's in two events are you meant to say
snake
is
it's too long does it they might be
holding a breath for this long you might
be able to piss assuming you guys going
to get built whatever I was concerned I
might get dizzy as I'm giving you can
hold your breath with Islam I'll give
you true led to the water continue to
funnel water actually like
permanently oh we cannot wait
why did you like that when he died
because the time the amount of time that
it would take me if you like to
highlight because also to my advantage
is very quickly water yeah exactly I
think if I was doing breaststroke like
very badly just like a not like proper
breast reply actual like retro thing is
running event 22nd 25 meters so for like
30 seconds
yeah see mine two legs we like to women
let me like oh geez you you doing really
but it why don't we are going to another
clue to breath you like a genetic ethics
okay yeah wrong the cool people live the
park are gonna pay for the parking at
the ring go guys we are in the East 17
rainy 18 actually but every time I go to
eat anything a much be 17
I still love eat 17 oh and c-17 in
concert knows my first game my first
girlfriend's 2017 concept she threw up
on me so that's how you knew it was love
for sight okay okay you've already
dropping kids off they're already ahead
at the party it worked
oh cool Arlo's we get
yes it seems I think I need to get in
the car Oh everything's gonna be all
right all right
it's really all right literally I think
my favorite I was being around the world
throughout do you remember them
I'm really stealing was it when you're
like two minutes and Eduardo is already
an Iron Man how did that happen how did
that happen you're Elsa Louie what are
you Supergirl
okay so we already lost the dinosaur I
mean they tell us what happens from over
here in ten when I you kicked a dinosaur
balloon this is all that remains of the
dinosaurs it's all that remains it's
somewhere flying up there across East
London somewhere so look up over
yesterday if anyone saw a dinosaur in
East London sometime yesterday it was
our dinosaur that we lost Neil Eduardo
is happy sitting here we're getting
ready to entertain is coming out now
we're going to get ready now right
Ironman point point point all right we
got a magazine show going on
so Adam ordered self a small pizza which
is your pizza like six inch you get
yourself a piece as well
another small pizza read what you think
did I just be able to this is it Louis
Arena
Britney is this new moisturizer this
morning boom amazing Diddy four week
kids to that in the magic show happen to
you is a handbag already box beneath
anything
Oh thing as I was you're taking your
birthday
you know brought out three musical
chairs
Milligan Oh Oh
there's a bit of a delay there it wardo
okay everyone turn restless they've all
turned on me they've all turned on me
this is biting me
they've all turned on me okay okay okay
okay oh my goodness I know I mean oh my
goodness good rug I peed my pants guys
this is how you tonight's how the war
party what I like is just a Man Thing
oh the menu just trying to work out and
the kids enjoying it oh well good I need
to show you the back in this house
because it's mad all right you ready for
this
what oh my goodness how cool is that
seriously read this back in my life look
it's like glass I don't know what that'd
be so cool though like if you have a
place back the bubble bath be so cool we
will see to it I looked for the kids
house they wouldn't love it I have to
bring them to show them we all have to
look at it
but the glass back is a slight
adjustment by oh yeah
titters right in the glass back Wow okay
you ready ready go god oh let's go here
anything like the PM number 3000 my Nana
what would I get it we're going to get
it okay oh it's all wet they're great
what a chop having just a little bit of
a snack before we go home go on flex on
your party today to happen at the
birthday party today you ever would have
to end everybody are you looking at
see you later that's the way look at you
look at night huh this is a little late
so we turned away oh that's in
distractions we can't compete with a car
this is clumsy baby yeah how many babies
take that after mother
Oh finished finish say goodbye to
everybody and why don't you want to stay
here you want to come home
good choice only some people lose anyway
only one of you children well what do
you get that car all night cute this is
a man love Amelia and his media maybe I
stay here denim-on-denim channel on
denry's bringing it back the world's
used to be like never double denim but
Eduardo makes double deviling all right
what wait you have like a one-way here
on my calf injury like yeah funny I
can't carry you
they have a left here what we're here
we're going over at this big bridge
buddy
well I mean you before i zoom in a bit
yeah
see this big break Amelia and we're
going over here we took a big total
under here and we are home with a little
cutie three bars let me know give me 35
cute you don't keep Angie looking cute
you guys it is here this yeah
those are first time in I think today
what do you like it don't you like it
hmm
you have two choices three husband yes
the treasures real husbands da da the
older man Louie the sillier younger lad
and late to equal sorry value hmm so do
ask you copy the work we'll find out in
the future
there are handsome simple math handsome
boy oh my goodness is that the cutest
thing you've ever seen little Timmy what
looks like a beginning just like one of
those baby to nose you know those
calendars so we decided to be not hey
the kids are bad I'm so tired Moorhead
today was so much fun at the party
with the kids we just got ourselves a
little little treat a little nighttime
treat I'll be drawing here waiting for
their I think they're getting some I
don't know everybody I got your pizza
guys that's your piece to everybody hmm
there was a time when we did actually
some we used to go to McDonald's amused
to go to the drive-through I mean that's
where that like six chicken nuggets and
a faculty cook came from when we would
like Porter chicken nuggets for the dogs
and then we would like and peel off all
the battery turn right so we've only
recently found this show the line of
duty and we watched all of them boom
we're about to watch the Newsies already
cracked open season four but this guy's
is such a good show
such a good show this is our newest show
relax like literally one two three and
four over the last life we curtail let's
go eat our pizza as for watching today's
video guys hope you enjoyed our little
visit down to ethics to Sabrina and our
family and wanted to say rocky oh he's
lost something hinky dinky Dinkas
attention I'm comin to my friends legs
watchin he's in the likes don't forget
the pre-order Red Rock
if you haven't already done it to go me
epic good me amazing Oh
Oh
