good morning and welcome to the fifth
day of the fifth month of the best year
of your life of your life
Alessia /alright long in your own bed
last night Lila do you know what that
means for mommy and daddy that means we
can make another baby
now we got to sleep and then she seems
so contented she woke up as a contented
little baby huh where's breakfast like a
good job for watching some odd things
tomorrow get ready this morning i can-
friendly friend and she's so happy there
you all know Giratina mister oh did you
have chocolate crunch two bowls of
chocolate crunch whoa whoa that's gonna
tie you over for day mister oh you know
kitty here attempt to do a group you
timing hello baby oh oh nice one nice
way we don't need anything think and so
obviously I am having my breakfast with
some companies this morning because
usually she sweeps through my breakfast
and had like this super long like three
hour nap in the mornings but I'm trying
to get her into more of like a normal
routine so like a little nap in the
morning and then a big nap after lunch
and then or like lunchtime and then a
little nap again in the evening and she
has such a good night last night like
such a good night not happening
you were out already um okay I see some
getting a bit fussy like I wonder good
but she kept falling asleep when I was
making my breakfast I was just like hi
baby
you know I kept fixed during the part of
me like
by stirring the pot I mean my parts by
the way not just like for a store-bought
whistle yes your skin looks so much
better I'm so happy you could be right
over there we're talking about it
I said no skin problems I'm always
guarded oh no oh oh you looking for a
group maybe he needs a boost okay just
let me have my breakfast and then I will
give you as much Ruby as you want okay I
promise I love dice
he really does love this donkey we
caught up in the act the airport off he
always says he hates them but he really
loves them well even if he hates Bianca
you know you didn't kill over there out
of the gate like it I know what's in it
we were asking to coil for ages how are
you where am I
Oh eating grass I should still get a
note for the bat by the way mr. Goode
Nevaeh's up this is because I gave them
I gave them liver treat your organic
like organic a slip-up
no not liver heart well no it was
organic beef once and Susan what do you
say who are you who are no he's always
asleep this time though no one asked
like that's their bed it's not like
she's really good but I'm yeah I got the
organic heart heart and I mean I thought
they'd be good cuz they were organic but
they were just commenting vile all day
after day so that's not happening again
look I literally have the highest
forehead ever so annoying okay okay any
weirdo a look at me baby
just me for her she's fine I think you
wanted the girl I just discovered this
is stupid because I bought them ages ago
I just kind of open them yet he's um
medela compensate bag she's laughing
because she doesn't want to be awake
right now you fit this here and then
it's not an adapter it's a comparative
an adapter and then you put that you
hook that on to that and then you can
just pump like directly into the bag
that is so cool so I think I'm going to
start um I think I'm going to start
freezing my milk because we have so much
milk unlike this one's going to go out
of date today it means for you today
then I've got these ones can I freeze
one that has been in the fridge I'll
figure that out google that quick google
that one but that is cool I think I only
use these now from now on all right
everyone's home from school feeling very
exciting has arrived
we Wow and look at that doesn't seem
like 75 cents - dramatic whoa look at
the fight an hour so we put some in
water to test it out and look how much
baby we've gotten all right no oh is
that what they do did they get all mushy
like that yeah there's no jelly like I
feel like guys I suppose they feel like
icicles
oh the monocle they're magical yeah whoa
what was that man
don't know are they actually smell but
so we got a little glass of water was
gonna Oh Oh careful
they're going everywhere one good okay
now did my old we are never look I look
at this what a big one
oh I feel weird another one already
closed huh but if it's or it's all the
warty attracted you only call these
Orbeez or something I think what they've
absorbed all the water stopped in
Chinese yeah they started trying careful
guys careful yes Manila
if I had one request to make today
please don't destroy you had a cat or a
dog
damn if you have a cat or a dog do you
have any cats or dogs
what do you have a dog yeah how many
dogs do you have
oh we have a cat well I'm gonna catch -
meows 68 68 cats do you have any other
animal is your a squirrel
sign in squirrel Wow Simon the squirrel
is a squirrel that lives outside right
side Simon yeah exactly Simon's the
squirrel that play Simon said and Simon
Says bring me some
not enough to only whisper my name is
playing to know what I mean oh don't
break your leaf art Oh was it everything
you dreamed of Emilia was it
okay we'll look guys the happy weekend
very good anyone will make a really big
giant one how big can a goal ah if you
put them in like a massive container
water do they continue to grow like
massive in the water yeah yeah anyone
know I you just put them in water for
tiny that yeah whoa what whoa don't drop
them everywhere guys there it is
my plan is baby and guys guys look who
came out today
hey I had a pre-order just downloaded
there also there's a new zombie think
America but since this is my current
election order some other stuff that in
there as well it's currently what's
going on but prey just came out today
very excited apparently it's kind of
like half-life 2 so we're going to get
some bottles I'm going to sit down here
you're going to have your little bottles
and daddy's going to pray for prayer
pray pray pray so I can play pray that I
do who's gonna do is that a meal deal is
it a meal deal can we make a meal deal
if I get you a meal can we make a deal
do you think
I got this
good okay good
Mario ah
are you still with me yeah happy feeding
baby happy dad prices Oh
lads wicked instantl system here huh huh
huh you are a great little baby
well we make a good team you know huh
it's officially the winters day of the
year is it so windy it's crazy
around again this is a little dirty
little are we hitting this here she's
just woken up like she's disappearing
are you disagreeing too windy though
it's nice in here or being sheltered of
it so windy today it seems like there's
a tornado
oh let's see if we got a train who Minds
you got lucky you got lucky and you see
a train but no when I rode by here Oh or
it's like over here sometimes you get no
tail let's got into now we can't there's
no chance
oh well loop with looper into the lane
we get a train it's a bit bumpy mom
so no way smells like bacon whoa BB Lane
from the alley are your coat blend into
the wall yeah you're like camouflage all
right let's have a look they're trained
yeah yeah
so you get your friends doesn't look
like it check your make your phone
actually that bridge over there you see
what where I had the conversation for
the book thing where I was on the bike
the video I put a few today
it's all cool here
oh I had one so know where it is though
show me to get her up as long as that oh
you did it this way good job don't
question into mommy's car push it this
way I know we're going over here hey
hold on hold on hold on okay now you
gotta bring it back it's going it's
going here oh no thinking off the
beeping is gonna begin she'll be out of
me all right bring it this way bring it
to me bring it to me you got it good job
thank you
did a great job mister are you guys
ready to see Amelia's show-stopping
costume boom Wow
oh my goodness he looks so cool well you
don't need to show your knickers let's
have a look at all the detail oh are you
excited for your first show yeah don't
worry the garden you'll get polish what
no media I mean I mean I mean you have
to be very careful you gotta save it for
the show
gotta save it for the show I'm so
excited to watch you onstage
Wow do you know your dance yes Oh show
me then
yeah go okay we're looking to reflection
it will help you wash I'm watching it
while I'm watching yeah yeah and then
what you do whoa
a bum drop okay come on let's go let's
go let's go
dinnertime he's got the end of video we
give to get to end the video whose Falls
the water is a daddy's fault or
waterfall ah thank you so what hold in
my fault you were talking on the
trampoline right then we went inside I
mean I dinner and with the bed we read
books mr. Fox
and then we um we watch energy and it
was a great night boys take off your
boob a big gun
I'm teasing are you TV okay first you
just have to do we have to do a formal
exits to the video a formal exit Wow
thanks for watching video friends hope
you have a good rest of the day walking
up I need change early and investor you
didn't bump jump and Amelia did a
ballerina show I need to do I need to do
advaithic unless he will lead rappers
were heading off now to Essex we're
going to a birthday party tactic you
know
a thousand women a moment formerly say
goodbye single bite over there
goodbye goodbye friends they'd like to
see you guys tomorrow
Wow
Oh
