good morning and welcome to the fourth
best day the switchboard is the best
year of your life we are at walking
Alessia not the dog okay she's in here
he's chillin while she was awake a
minute ago why not put your ears in okay
put your ears in
you know this day when we miscarried
this day last year and we were saying
like isn't it crazy how like when we sat
there that day we were in this like
cloud of misery and sadness and if I
said hey don't worry Anna like just say
next year you've been pushing Alessia I
know in a stroller cycle actually
wouldn't exist if that didn't happen
okay so the doctor came in and we've
been a probe saying but um she said that
like it might be a missed miscarriage
thing they can't find the heartbeat said
also there's a chance that it might be
just really early so they might be able
to find the heartbeat bud hid her the
sack was really bigger who little said
you know the old chicken rates and the
inflation drug consultant and he's going
to give us a call later and I said we
should go back in a week time like maybe
just a small chance the vitamin C is
just we only got pregnant towards the
end of the period and maybe maybe it
just hasn't grown yet but she wasn't
able to find a heartbeat you could see
the little fella in the thing you know
before my needlework
yes
well here she is like it's amazing it
just those that like so much can change
in a year you know maybe next year we
have a double stroller here with the
triplets that we got pregnant with this
year oh my god could you imagine window
with six children that's what happened
with the dogs
Oh we'll just get one dog or we'll
responsibly get a second job sticks out
we have one child three is good three is
not going tree isn't possible
I don't know how people leave comments
any of you guys in the comments and
don't make it up like for real if anyone
has like quadruplets or triplets or
anything ila Judi kinda has triplets
like Giuliana plus the two kids like
she'll be so hard even if you had twins
after having more kids my sounds she's
so difficult
yeah she's not she are praying like
instantly my name is big enough that's
new they took three women yeah it's got
those my mom said that she remembers her
like being really stressed a lot when
she was younger
oh yeah she was first and I'm like
shaving a lot and like that's what
happens like you've got no seed you've
got a five year old and a four year old
and then I don't know
hiren and then her husband like was
working all day long and she was doing
everything I know they had old parents
but I think it was later yeah this is
easy
have you seen yourself in like just
there was cloth nappies oh my goodness
cloth the happies I think this part this
is hard my cry me and I'm like are my
mommy yeah but though people from Maidan
when they were tougher
were a wimpier generation ya know happy
girls she killed me after all sorts of
win yeah I'm gonna take that is coming
I'm a wimp
Kyodai goodnight my living off of
youtube oh yeah
what do we have in common oh I just got
Nettles
yeah yeah the problem with yo could
always the risk of wearing coat away is
the danger of cutaways wow we have
walked so far we walked all the way to
the high street with her Wow and if you
turn enough to don't look at my car back
there it does kind of look like what
what what it's all right you've got to
give ever better you know going up here
for a meeting but we decided to bring
Alaska with us last year is now the
director of communications just been
promoted
she's like pops maybe put her in a
little suit and everything yes all of my
moves you get some coffees is up here
considered right in that time oh did you
oh yeah I had one in 85 I like to do an
8 o'clock coffee and 11 o'clock coffee a
2 o'clock coffee and then sometimes
depending in our tire down I'll go for a
4 or sometimes I'll go for a tea I just
take you oh yeah
can we do do not done as we all learn to
wear you got her a copy that time I do
not know why are you not what you do
look at that
no I did not know that no I'm sorry I
need to make a list of things if he
doesn't like so in the future 25% off
all right we're leaving we're leaving
we're leaving I know her I know new
governor hats over her eyes kids are
from school
straight to the bites straight to the
gate you just did you should be me you
just singing you just be me
Eduardo through some do a nice picture
today let's go inside guys and change
out of our uniforms okay because we
don't get that messy come on mrs. let's
go let's go
break this is madness okay so this is
why he gave you book and we launched it
yesterday and it is this number one book
in novelty Nativity books it is the
number one children's book in animals is
the number one book in humorous and many
others it is ranked in the top books in
the entire Amazon it is number six of
all books ever made I wish but how crazy
is that a media thank you so much
through everybody hi guys it's Amelia
here and welcome to my video so today I
want to talk about some new things that
have just happened I got my eyes I just
gotta fix my eyebrows yeah I'm just
gonna I'm gonna think about this for a
second let me just think about this for
a second okay
so I have a question so the other day I
was just flopping around like a bird
doing the stupid dance in script oops
just - I'm going to teach you guys my
special handshake move okay so it's kind
of like this first thing you do you put
hand up to go and shake it and then you
pull it back and then you put it back
and then you have new cheeks and then
you wobble your cheeks together like
this me go
Babli you're supposed to keep your hand
back well I don't
hello ladies and gentlemen and welcome
oh yeah
guess who's back everybody the benefits
with no benefit oh my goodness oh and I
see is getting her eyebrows done for
problem areas
she was immedia are you getting your
waxing done what you know what I get
that little of you around going on mommy
mommy got a unibrow not anymore not
anymore
eyebrows for bro a brows before bro why
bom-bom-bom this little baby has a
little poo poo poo poo in her nappy she
needs a father to come and get to where
the poopoo I am the man for the jobs to
get rid of your poo pools please let me
know and rake me five stars if you think
I did a good job
let's go I'm cuckoo back and now that a
poo poo has been done it's time for some
light refreshment look at it it's
basically my boob is that what it's like
so what it's like what drink up my child
drink up my child
it's okay to make like eye contact with
you I can't well let me see if I can I
seriously got fun so oh we've lost
bottles hi today I had a baby there on
my hand you happy with the result
well done is there hey I can't one other
gymnastics can you do it was a little
squiggly here and this inside washing
Amelia but Eduardo and soothing today so
he doesn't have to have a shower now she
already had your shower doing it's not
the best idea
mommy okay were you telling mommy yeah
come up that hand what thank you what
okay
okay I'm watching we're all watching so
how did the boy how was your day today
good item I'm I so excited what's
happening tomorrow
sure I guess how many water each again
75,000 have you 75,000 water beads
thousand chief Jimmy that is okay to put
it into perspective how many brothers
you have what how many sisters do you
have till what
you have two sisters yeah I laughed yeah
yeah yeah oh I see what you did there
okay so there's a less Yamini amid water
that is three okay 75,000 tell us about
your life what is your favorite color
these days passed and pink purple and
orange and yellow and that purple and
pink and orange element okay who's your
best friend these days checker and
miracle just a miracle and I'm sure I'm
so soon huh I'm Jeremy
oh hi actually just get Sophie a miracle
and Clemmy that is not Anneliese i'm
alois that guy yeah I just run and wait
does a boy in the game
where's your boy in the game can I let
usually all right what ever why I
practice fact did you just say you like
boys young could I ask my 12 all right I
need oh boy well yeah Eduardo's okay but
like you hang out with boys in the
playground
do you like hold their hand I hold it by
hand in in this whole picture it was a
boy so hold on a second in to say that
you're holding hands with bullies yeah
dude you get their phone numbers what
you can phone that you had some boy's
phone numbers you're gonna go in some
dates what whatever what's happening
what's happening with my rabbits
getting a date with his girlfriend - Oh
Eduardo has girlfriends at school and
you that he's having a Davis whoa oh my
goodness look at this is a thing here I
just pushed her up like this
oh one second one for WoW
then mom hi miss alright will you give
it to me crazy you know
you know also happy that our skaters got
away better huh so don't eat that pull
it - this is the first time that I put a
knife head down and she didn't cry so
that's progress like she's always a
weight limit for her down pretty much
all the time and there's a good shot of
the psuedo cream great quick drop on us
when we get our new house I'll be able
to set monitor hopefully it's just like
she's in our bedroom the philistine not
really anywhere like put the monitor
that would show her the first time she
went down and like hasn't cried yet and
she's awake I can hear her but she's
just happily in there so that's really
good
amazingly sinks link fix it do music
gave her this I gave her this and
they're out today and then I want you to
finish it all so she did a really good
job but as a result my groups are huge
because I wanted to get those feeds so I
might have to pump later on this evening
we'll see and they don't if you want my
supplied to go down or anything and look
how cute this is this is what if were
brought back to school today
Eduardo's flower from mine and
apparently he thought I'm really
frustrated because he couldn't do it
he's never drawn anything like like that
isn't a scribble before if you know what
I mean ever
so apparently apparently he was really
frustrated because he couldn't do it for
ages and ages and ages but he kept
trying and trying and trying and
eventually I think he got help in the
end but
and I think we traced it or something
I'm not really sure but eventually he
did it he was so proud of himself and he
wanted to give it to me like straight
away when he came back to school and it
was just so cute like so adorable
I was like oh my god I'm so proud of you
because like Amina has been drawing
things for quite a while now probably
about a year and so he doesn't seem just
getting to that stage but she draw see
pictures like all the time and it's
always so lovely but this is like his
first one that he's ever done so so do I
just be there almost ready Mike
ah
