we should set up like a little stall
outside nova Charley's people sell fresh
lemonade much in fresh breasts breast
milk
hello and welcome to the third day of
the fourth month of the best year of
your life I'm just back to school I'm
not back from the school I'm technically
on less school one but boys and girls
let me tell you a story about how tired
I have the thing about a newborn is that
sometimes it's really good and you gets
lean oh that's lies
that's lies guys it never is good I'm so
tired
although I'll tell you for the last week
it hasn't been that bad I felt a little
bit more awake but today today which is
a day I'm announcing friendliest friend
project I'm so tired I'm tired beyond
all belief I don't believe that I am
alive right now or awake right now but I
am apparently so I don't do it
stick with to stink reward to stick with
a pet rock as I often say as I often say
I Jonathan as he often says today is a
wonderful day I'm very excited I'm
terrified as well to see what you guys
think of my friend is friend project
time and dancing today oh my goodness
what if you don't like it what if you do
like it I don't know I'm really excited
I hope you guys love it
I hope you do I am home waiting let's
see ha so super fun
dude I can look at you looking at this
oh this whole thing yeah I'm gonna leave
that there guys I'm gonna leave that
there you see it you see it look who's
that you don't know you're in this
you're actually in this book friend did
you know that shouldn't you don't kill
yourself
Hey well you look at fully look at that
well you look uh hello
hello over here maybe they are so cute
and they dislike super ahead look how
much bigger her head has gotten so how
much bigger your head is done anyway
are you excited for this class yeah
you're in this book okay you don't do
too many things okay because I didn't
want to I didn't want to give you too
much to do but you're basically a baby
but I did when I originally started this
particular the first book I didn't
actually have a lesson in the story
that's why yes did you see I predict
media when we were reviewing the copy as
my ages ago it was like oh my god yeah
and I was like yeah I didn't man I
hadn't originally included her in a book
but then you were born and then I
thought I probably should have all of
the children in the book and then what I
taught you slated are you smiling huh
her face was calm down a bit look it's
only a little plain little patchy spots
now oh okay so much that I should shave
my shave my beard this might be your
trading huh
but then I look like I look like a 12
year old or something I will ah what do
you want that ended up like a 12 year
old do you know it looks like plenty old
did you disagree with me would you
typically would mean are you saying
something so cute when they talk would
you say do you say yeah did you use this
laughs yeah no don't don't fight me no
don't eat daddy you can't eat your
father I need your father oh it better
better I keep a girl in can stop whoa
whoa huh
as I willing go to bed all day long all
the days hmm
so woman you have to drop him to school
next thing you have to collect him from
school
you know what is it I almost got the
cold flu Ebola I have the cold flu Ebola
let's just cut off snot oh no aah
does she need defeating yeah I'm
changing the changing Nvidia change okay
well maybe I'll see today you can change
okay cool okay cool pyro and now I'm not
abandoning you
I know don't give me the look of
betrayal sorry
ah-choo Erik oh yes Josh Johnson her
life wish I could sleep like a baby
literally you know me was it like I
slept like a baby last night
don't watch me I just got that sleeping
like a baby
don't even say like I'm hungry like a
baby
no they don't but yeah like I slept with
the baby that's right we need white I'm
getting to it oh I have to get answered
me George Oh Oh back in the fridge no I
didn't behind all another box yeah
okay the fresh one we should set up like
a little stall outside really annoying
Nova Charlie people sell fresh lemonade
imagine fresh breasts breast milk ha ha
so boxes just arrived from Zara that's
all of the kids new stuff yeah I know
and if you type an install oh wow do you
like them bite you in the shock you you
can wear them as well just a little um
or your school shoes are coming in a
different order
ok
so different they're like ballet one
kind off but you can wear that if you
want I don't whine you can wear with the
other one all right if you like those
with you can wear them all right yeah if
you want to go through your stuff right
oh yeah there's some shoes in here for
you well you want to look at it then you
this unbilled yeah yeah what do you I
know so unless you just slept for like
three hours or something didn't you see
you
Oh her cheeks are so dry it makes me so
sad to see because like I can't really
do anything about it well my personal
opinion is just to leave it alone that's
kind of what I've read on the internet
and stuff is like the best manner you
can get creams and stuff I'm just going
to leave it until the doctor tell if you
want to do basically and because just
from googling and everything that's kind
of my opinion and it seems to be a
popular one as well like if you just
don't do anything I just let it go away
it'll eventually go away on its own so
her acne is actually kind of clearing up
it's just the dry skin that's left it's
like it's resurfacing skin or something
or Y&T of when I got my acne treatment
done and my skin just peeled off and
that's kind of what it reminds me of so
kind of really belong so you've actually
to wake her up because it's getting a
bit insane like that was really three I
think was more than three hours maybe I
don't want to sleep all day
then you won't sleep at night okay now
I'm going to go and cedar and I'm
where's miss one there
bath time for baby that time could be
Hughie hmm
no bath time hmm okay much better skin
is getting uh-huh
bye time for baby those big ciccone
Jolie cheeks you got going on there hmm
thanks Brad price but tomorrow's the big
feed so she may throw up all over the
land that is a possibility that is a
reality we must be aware of
isn't it is here baby
after the bath you know when you have a
hair
Hey pull me bunny rabbit down can you
make money on the sound after them aha
do you make money remnants and that's in
Tibet huh nobody like you will never in
your life like getting out of a bath or
getting out of a shower nobody likes it
there's never a point in your life do
you think no I like getting out up in a
warm shower into a cold room so it's not
something you're ever going to enjoy
Thank You Isaac
guys it is half for yesterday on
Wednesday and the book just went live on
the Amazon store oh my goodness that is
so cool like this is so cool like I had
an idea like a dream to do something
stop playing on my screen I want to buy
on a pre-order the first copy I listed
the basket so today it's released oh
that's the one I want that's the one I
want I know I'm probably going to get
loads like I will obviously have a copy
that's by just I just I just pre-ordered
the first one I just bought only look
you can tweet something that's pretty
rare
just pre-order the first copy oh my
goodness they're so exciting that is so
exciting like I know like obviously I'm
going to be there like when we print
them and make them and I'll have other
copies but I want to get one too that on
like the day of release we can all like
get the same package we can open it
together and be like excited with you
guys because I am like so excited like -
I think the most exciting thing I wanted
to Amelia was M immediate in school the
other day and they're doing this thing
where parents are like coming in and one
of the media's classmate is a doctor and
she came in and she talked about her job
and he all dressed up like his doctors
we talked about doctors let me just tell
me all this and then and she was like oh
will you come into school I was thinking
like oh I don't think they're gonna ask
me like working so when I works in
social media to come in like about
making videos himself but then M I was
like oh well I can come in and read the
book and she's like oh my god would he
do that would you come in and do like
story time with everybody and I was like
yeah I was like oh it's such a special
thing that's so cool and so cool like
nobody's is real this is real that's
real that's a real thing and this is
being sitting here guys for like a few
months and like the book is been sitting
here for like a few months some people
have picked up on some stuff that it's
been sitting here he'd be like oh what
about over there anyway so excited I
hope you guys like it
town support me and I cannot wait to go
on tour and meet all you guys and this
is so very emotional because I'm very
tired
oh wait okay and say goodnight it is a
light thing and then a stop and then
your can just down again that happened
those hours are going by very quickly
and then it goes back at the start all
of it
not have you been watching a lot we need
to investigate this so killing it Wow
so doing okay well it's just pink see
the wink
stay in the wink let's see now okay
let's see
Oh No okay if anybody leave comments as
anyone knows it is fixes and Melia wrote
me a letter
yeah what was the matter for I like look
together
okay so Amelia I came back from her
friends yesterday and she played with
this new thing she'd never played it
before and it was amazing yeah I'm not
sure you certainly kept our toes and she
kept she dipped a tiny the world a bit
for something I thought you really have
to apply in writing next thing I know
she comes up with a letter written out
asking requesting water beads I only
ordered a few hi 75,000 don't you don't
tell Mom okay home state ordered a small
box and well it seemed like an
appropriate amount again it was just in
traveling with them yeah but no actually
could I actually want to search any
chick I actually well we can save them
and who knew it when Amy comes over we
can go play with her yeah any when you
better go to bed
also guys thank you so much for the
reaction the video in live about an hour
ago
howlite for tomorrow are you excited
everyone knows about our book now media
hey yeah what's the book of it again
yeah that's we've gotten up thank
because Amelia wants a cat and the
doggies decide they're gonna kidnap a
local cache to give to Amelia no don't
tell them happens this is those spoilers
but thank you so much guys for everyone
that went and like pre-order in I can't
we didn't comment himself
hot-too ghosts ourselves like cats
instead and that day just giving away to
to the story late getting today and me
engine I get it hmm
we'll be given all the spoilers away
alright you better go listen dude
ah so all the kids are in bed now asleep
what what is this what's going on here
that's the letter this is the famous
letter that movie I wrote somewhere is
coming big heavy car about 20 or like
five or seventy thousand seventy
thousand
what do you hear do you want some we
just ordered some Thai food you want
something you want some green tie Tori
or anything and it doesn't any night
okay no listen green juice we're gonna
watch them in the line of duty
can i watch that with us Oh little
monkey face oh it's a school night mania
Oh
and you know how
