good morning and welcome to the greatest
video of the bad day oh yeah live now
guys doing something to tell everybody
yeah so I have something to tell you
don't mind all that stuff behind before
we get on to announcing our exciting
announcement let's tell everyone the
story oh don't show them all that stuff
yeah tell them the story first enjoy the
story enough
da da
yeah
yeah
when I was younger I spent most of my
childhood living inside of my head I
realized that I had a really strong and
effective imagination that was always
working which most times got me in
trouble it was a great place to go and
live and I thought a better place to
live than the world
I kind of was my reality 11 years ago
when I found myself back in University
studying Mia suddenly the imagination
that I had was getting me in trouble as
a child it was actually getting me
really good grades I was succeeding I
was creating worlds I was creating
characters of creating stories movies
and animation development I was just so
happy that it's barely found an outlet a
way that I can use this like crazy
overactive imagination that I have and I
could put it to good use in 2009 I
graduated University and I headed off to
London when Allen's dad passed away we
kind of decided we would actually put
our life in London on pause and we'll go
back to Ireland families meant be close
to Alan's mom and her sisters to give
them some support and then some time
between dead and now a fan YouTube and I
ended up with six dogs three children
and a variety of garden animals you can
probably tell so much of my videos
the fact that my dogs all the Chargers
and they have their own music videos and
they have performs Harlem shakes and
they have done interviews about
performing Harlem shakes and they have
draw my life videos some of you guys
remember a few years ago I created this
idea of a friendliest friend and I
created a teacher and then a song and
then I started singing that good morning
again finally friends to my kids and
then I started calling you guys
friendliest friends and then I even set
up a YouTube channel called friendliest
friends if you remember when I set it up
I said I had kind of bigger plans for
what I wanted to do a friendliest
friends but wait don't skip ahead
there's more to the story before we get
to that part when I became a dad I
didn't realize how much I would enjoy
being that it is like probably the best
thing I've ever done
it's so much fun just playing with them
watching their little minds and
imagination explode and the curiosity of
their minds and just just claim with
your happy buddy whatever just like you
know saving being like imagination and
ideas and hot virulence sparks when the
kids were younger we started reading
books
you know mainly Amelia which means
basically started reading stories to her
because people would send us books you
know lm+ grandparent and Family Center
Septimus woman Hannah would read the
button and we noticed that we you really
like to enjoy it and was very student
helpers or asleep so you just continue
that on and you have eduardo we continue
touring and you right now in last year
well i genuinely believe that we didn't
urge it not to provide them during the
day whenever we realize even get the
imagination bubbling over and it's kind
of like invites creativity this brings
me to the conclusion of the story a year
ago I had a meeting
Francesca have you over because we work
on this project and it's one of those
really big ones that's going to take
like probably about a year or so
something I've wanted to do for a long
long time so I wanted to do before
before YouTube I first moved to the UK
doing about five or six people working
at an eight or seven hundred we're
having an important meeting
we put Bianca's music video on and today
day one of that project all the
contracts signed and all that kind of
stuff but today was the first creative
meeting of the team all right we just
finished the meeting with the team here
I won't know what is too sweet we
ordered this Lisa know it kills your by
couple tweets and today
we just had a big long meeting I'm very
excited to share with you about this
project
some people may kind of guess it's not
making a dragon flick down say we're
making another big surprise
nope hello friends its Thursday the 20th
of April and I have come to this castle
well it's kind of like a castle but
today is a very exciting day friends for
my project I'm really nervous better cuz
I'm not sure if it's going to look good
if it's going to look right or not but
let's go inside and finance
this is Francesca the illustrator if the
illustrations are not good enough it's
our fault no pressure
this is the Egmont team the two people
egg and munch right underneath here it's
a first row I'm very excited okay so
this is needed theater characters yeah
so these are all the characters
a very important part of bringing a new
product market is doing good market
research so I have assembled we have
assembled a crack team of professional
book ok so we have the book here the
rough this is the first so I have the
first draft and rough here but I would
love some notes and stuff on it that
would work through today but we are
going to go and do a repo with the kids
here now I just want to see how to react
to it now because I know from reading
books every night the kids I'll I always
went out when I was writing this I felt
like I was like thinking about what they
enjoyed the most and I wanted to make go
back Amelia and Eduardo and Alessia had
six white furry oh my gosh yeah she's
not actually here yet this is Amelia and
Eduardo and Bianca and CEO in the day
and newbies to the duardo in a little
princess dress huh this Amelia during
her ballet and all the other doggies are
trying to do their ballet as well well
most of them did except for Co Co light
food but now the kids are older they had
to go to somewhere called school and it
took forever
oh nothing tell Amelia it's just well I
really my cat I really liked Bianca was
very concerned about
is information so Bianca called an
emergency puppy meeting the pups
listened open marriage they couldn't
believe their floppy ears
goodness exclaims Xena goodness me
soda pops oh do you like the book so far
guys it's a work in progress
look at me you mean it's not finished
yet and it is finished and here is not
the cover of the book but this is what
is going this is like the temporary
cover you can pre-order right now
tell them to pre-order tell them a
pre-order it yeah Thank You Bardot oh
did you paint such a big progress
no never work with children okay here we
go this is all the characters here in a
little credit that mean yes you know
tell me where everyone is Amelia talked
me to everybody well who's this one here
Albie is this yeah Oh Cena yeah yeah CEO
farm huh two newbies that Nevaeh
Janka santa yeah the great cat nap stay
tuned to the 90 day of the 10th month of
the best year of your life you can
pre-order it now right
and then it friend it is taking so long
for us to get this book together but I
hope you really hope you guys enjoyed it
I think after having reading books for
them and it just seemed like such a good
idea
a while ago we can't the idea
pretty much a-akane jollies and comic
books
- kids popular to read join else's means
Amelia
this means a book tour yeah friend and I
like lots of good events and activities
I hope you guys are excited I'm gonna
leave a link down below you can do it
together we can join together so please
guys support a hit the link pre-order
book today let's make it the number one
back book of your life this is so cool
our world has come alive are you excited
for the book Eduardo how excited are you
for the book ah I can't this excited
who's your favorite one which is your
favorite one which one oh do all of them
we haven't got the caps done yet we
haven't got myself and ina having me
made yet but we're in the park and last
year but this is all the artwork that we
have done so far are you excited about
daddy's box yeah yeah we're going to be
able to read it in book club how
exciting is that
and then I'm going to be able to come to
your school and I'm going to be able to
read us all your friends yeah yeah oh my
god
it is the resin ah the great tax map and
I'm going to skate honestok at them
gasps I bet hey guys please support us
if you have the time go hit the link
pre-order book and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
okay bye friends bye friend see you
tomorrow
Oh
