oh good morning and welcome to the first
day of the sixth month of the best year
Oh jeepers water coming on oh man he
wasn't hooked on fungal a net dose put
those homes away hello friends welcome
to ratings sorry yeah Mayday
so this is violet and this is violet oh
boy let's boil it and violet are late Oh
wha no you will next the camera nearly
licky goon anyway we just had our
breakfast it was very tasty you must be
get that talk away from me I'll bite it
I'll bite it what right there my dad oh
wow ah right on with the show oh you've
added some new decorations to my window
oh this is very nice
please come off all right it is run time
friend and it's Bank Holiday Monday so
the kids are here they're not in school
so we're doing like a balance trick so I
think of last year's having her morning
nap right now I'm gonna go for a long
one with Lucy then when I get back
hopefully a taxi stays asleep Nana can
mind minion Eduardo and I get by we
high-five that Anna goes out with Lizzy
and then I'm Ina kids and hopefully at
this point unless you're still asleep
there's no many kids at school with your
little a little like workout routine Oh
daddy up
you'll be a daddy beater Oh how's it
good one
she's inspired by Anthony like I do it
what that he has to go now this is
making that a run yeah I could do love
to the kitchen get the B test are no
success in spider you like spiders yeah
what's the spiders name Peppa Peppa the
spider
no Peppa to spider he climbed in Maltese
out to be is opening role long home he
might come back see Michael Mike is here
bedroom okay guys I know I look like a
wreck and I basically just like slapped
on my make up this morning agent you can
do it like six hair but I'm anyway I
bought some stuff for the kids for their
wardrobes because all of their spring
slash like so much like summer as well
when I'm here
Johnson stole my night move okay blow
stated that's odd um anyway all of this
spring summer stuff is like from last
year so it's really small
like that basically so all of my stuff
was just small wasn't fitting them and
obviously it was all from like Age 2 and
h4r like 3 to 4 4 media so I had to buy
some more and so I bought like a load of
stuff for them on Zara that upcoming
went to jam atop a sleeping bra which is
too small because my boobs are massive
right now I got it in a size medium
unlike I would love to know what their
small is like because when you're
breastfeeding your boobs like grow
anyway so usually they allocate for like
allocate so was it the right word for
size so like they'll kind of give you a
bit more room so I have other sleeping
bras that are like I have one that's a
size small and it's bigger than this one
and then I've all the ones that are size
medium and they're absolutely fine I say
my boobs are probably medium sized
before breastfeeding anyway um or at
least they were back in the day and so
that's why I got a medium but I think I
should have got the large for these
types of ones I can't remember what the
brand is even I've no idea
there needs to be like a database or
like something like some kind of like
place where you can go to look up like
sizing for different Maternity brands or
breastfeed like nursing brands and stuff
because it's so all over the place like
you don't know whether to get your pre
pregnancy or like normal size or do you
get a size up some of them are
completely too big and some are really
small like the Isabella Oliver stuff is
small and like some of the size 8 stuff
that I bought like the jeans I stopped
fitting into like halfway to the
pregnancy and then some things are huge
like ma malicious it's big just certain
types I feel like they should be like a
directory where you can go like all
pregnant women or like nursing women can
go and like figure out what size are
meant to get because it's just so
confusing
and so I manager I'm going to do a video
on like the postpartum updates anyway
I'm going to do like a series on it and
I'm going to talk about this I think in
it because I think it's really
interesting like to know what the sizing
is like of stuff what products are good
what products aren't good like stuff
like that that just needs to be more
like information like out there guys
will we upload the first video of our
story story club reading club book club
whatever it's called we open book of
exactly we can upload our first video
what are you watching
that's not book club where are you
watching book club hey Lasky
it's probably not as exciting I'm not
trying to make that it's the thing about
this video things I'm not trying to make
something like really exciting and like
you know I mean fifty thousand coke
bottles in a swimming pool
yeah okay yes I know people love them
I'm just trying to do something like I
don't know nice like just something like
for a very it's going to be for a very
specific audience a lot of a lot you
guys want to watch it thank you thank
you dizzy Wow
but it's not a diet of it I just making
something like
Oh Amelia runner aren't allowed say
those words anymore are you
what word do you mean if you say you got
in trouble yet I'd say those words right
oh yeah I mean accepted I know she did
very naughty isn't it I guess you guys
are you guys have grown ups now
no is in anytime say either no one's at
I say oh Jessica says yeah
what no fee SS yes what my goodness you
have Forever Friends of your said study
sesh yeah you're going upstairs to wake
the baby because it's tough sick as I'm
conscious that we are in queue kind of
like a routine as in like a bath time
and bedtime routine and the kids are
going to go to bed soon like men so I
was going to bathe her while they're
having their showers
I'm here to be Mike's about get your
skin tearing up a bit clearing up
slightly within it her hair so fluffy
it's so cute let me put you down here
change you hmm
oh the center Matt Jonathan knocked over
on my breast pads last night and didn't
pick the mess up and won't take credit
not credit won't take responsibility for
it and no sleepyhead simple sleepyhead
poor skin but it is getting better it
kind of just like broke out in pimples
and now it's dried out and it's just
like really really dry isn't it hello hi
hi
what's going on in here
come on des Dwight oh come on give me a
cuddle in here all the kids are asleep
all the kids are asleep and the dog is
here joerger hey guys I don't know if
you noticed but tomorrow you're going to
watch the greatest video ever we're
making a massive announcement tomorrow
so get excited get excited oh I don't
have to get excited also I steamed last
year everything was closed today and it
was an emergency but I think she might
have eczema because it was just like
stuff but I think it's getting a bit dry
and so for that so I think we're going
to try and see if we can bring it to the
doctors tomorrow and get some like clean
or something all right that you can get
a cream or something
what for lashes together eight weeks
just anyway putting less yeah huh I have
like the craziest sensitive skin so I
blame me I might have given her the
genes mighty give me those genes mate
sorry if you give daddy we used to give
daddy hmm
there's awesome people are leaving
comments at a concern just let you know
that we know - so we're gonna check it
out tomorrow don't be sad oh no baby no
oh she wants a baby yeah yeah no babies
do this little sad face Oh mines they
quivered at all Chin's as well Norma
mentio okay okay right
y-yeah okay you guys tomorrow for the
greatest video ever huge and answered
tomorrow guys digging it up get excited
don't miss tomorrow's video it's amazing
it's a big story video you know it's big
story time long videos is that exciting
tomorrow's menses oh you know is even
more exciting mr. bud Oh mmm look at her
she's automatic he's like yeah no thanks
that see you later see better human tell
uh-huh start like a boyfriend I'll see
you guys tomorrow
pipe it up guys totally worth it major
hype hi Pat hi Pat hi Pat see you
tomorrow Wow
Oh
Oh
