good morning and welcome to the 30th
birthday thank you
how do you like your pancakes are
trending win now fight we put our toys
away because it's going to be metal on
time cake time 21 in neutral man what
laughs no you have to put the toys away
from no toys at the table I'm Korean
always no pancake bye no you put away
for 3qm around
- chocolate kids believe comment what is
your ultimate title could you believe it
I on ultimate high capacity maple syrup
and there's none oh so in Java and the
local shop you know it's fine can you
like keep that knife over this meat
because you're making me nervous
here I'm suing my sonoran huh Jonathan
still we have told me only chocolate
the best you have been when I could say
oh my god you think Jonathan the fact
that's a really sharp knife in your way
darling you're not going to do that I
was a really fun except your favorite
thing you're dripping chocolate on the
floor so our dogs can eat it and die oh
great great great color and life is a to
people and I'll career or one day what
you say doesn't really have Forks what
in there hasn't it'll Robin inside oh is
to Amelia a threat subpoena for the
squirrel by I know what we should do for
debris that would you like this oh that
is a no I mean bum bum bum bum bum bum
bubble bubble icon milky who would you
like a milky blue of a chemo is very
very tasty and it's good for you it's
time to have a time to make a milky move
the water is shooting and it will be
ready to go cry cuz i watch look at me
ah your milky milky Moo is coming soon
Pyrrha Pyrrha Kumu is coming soon let me
change the water let me not tasted shall
I taste it oh now you're having your
bogey please don't spit up all over you
taking nothing and don't do a poo enjoy
bye yes she's kind of birthday today
kids in evidence is that it's Alessia
unless he is a month old today guys
happy birthday love her careful is over
time lettuce it's a bit too squishy oh
hello happy birthday how's it working in
here at the best
all aboard get taboo that is to the five
oh really
I'm looking in the mirror now so you got
a mirror for the back team anyway guys
update on Daddy's future cards you guys
want to see a picture of what looks like
who wants to guess the car right here we
go
so this is what it looks like right now
it looks kind of empty yeah you can
leave comments and guess what that is
if you're a car connoisseur you might
guess what that is but the card rebuild
net is stripped it out and there them
doing their custom interior things that
I wanted to get done join me to do what
you know it's pretty simple you just
lock it onto the headrest look we look
at the rear everywhere who do we have
there ah and I can actually we can see
here now ah cool no it's good look at
miss matter here look at this guy's go
and park right on the edge but like I
have to step down and like step down and
then to happen your boy oh man
hi of there
oh hello harto look at daddy down here
the Betty did alder down here or de
always just placed at kitchen space call
or do for the kids sing that because one
time you're in the car and you're
spelling Eduardo and they heard or do
radio much yeah this what it was this we
hosting or do
wardo my job with the things they go hey
we're all here I'm off got this one here
on me whole gang I do one crossing I
think here wait does that mean you get
special parking privileges if you're a
Domino's delivery man greasy little
ventures oh we got to make why the
plague is and head towards the smoke
buggy they give you too little little
park-goers right yeah this is amazing
this is exactly what we needed
I wanted some kind of an activity to
tire to children house so we can only
have one kid to manage and look at it
you plant a fancy castle I get to
holding hands
spending a Benson Castle it was like
gold
oh no wonder then we lost Eduardo who's
back up
that's right that's right bounce it away
why don't tire yourself as okay I'm
watching whoa so look I thought it was
just going to commander Park is just
going to be a normal part contrary we
got very lucky with this thing
cuz I like to live in understand like
there's a good community and there's
always like kings on different a new cat
all you get the new town yeah it's a new
pen it's like a triangular pounders of
them
oh that we are in the money maybe they
can do to gymnastics thing afterwards Oh
champion ah all right let's have a race
now all right why do you go
call me mr. Pro here good job
haha part is gonna be brave no hands
guardo no hands
let go mommy oh and the big job good job
what are you getting done Amelia even
are you going to get yours look like
Daddy what did you ask for daddy what
what did you ask for this is the prize a
purple butterfly just finishing I that's
a pumpkin
this guy DN guy wardo this I think she's
a purple butterfly I think that's what
Amelia gotta
I submitted best render anything open
and that trampoline okay are you ready
for Amelia's reveal show them wow you
look so cool it looking a purple
butterfly
I don't know employee for Eduardo okay I
think then we can go on that yeah who
knows what kind of thing that is part of
getting a tiger's eye - you guys see me
miss balloon
medius balloon over there off on an
adventure I can't even see anymore
it's up in the sky somewhere she was so
happy
hey you can go into gymnastics thing
while we're waiting okay yeah maybe it's
going home maybe we'll go home alright
maybe it's cause a little squid can you
give those squiddy up Aroon yeah that
was nice of you oh my goodness he let
this tiger here to put this is a tiger
so cool oh I see you're sopping wet it
looks whoa huh how could you know right
oh god I know it right up why do I hear
we're discussing look at this is like
karate or take one no it's under that I
did it when I was a kid yes yeah where
was it good just like a relief just the
way I going and like you know right it's
like punching my a my nephew is like
he's like I had a purple belt or
something now gotta be scared of him
some beat us up I don't know should we
teach it why do I had a fight though
would you like your dress well sure like
the man have to do karate karate like
see those guys are they're under white
they didn't piggyback now come on let's
go have a look I still have a look and
then the zipline stay holding on oh let
me help you oh no no no no no no no no
we have Tom to build there's a butterfly
in bill does anyone see the butterfly
and bill where's the butterflies are you
to build butterfly
yeah it s so pretty all night what if I
move so all we bumped into George Jen
didn't lose all your ballet teacher in
the balance skills give me this little
ballet show coming up very exciting ok
night and I don't wanna Mike let's just
sleep here we'll run up I got some green
geez you basically we deliver redelivery
filled yesterday so technically we went
to bills yesterday so Rodney bills two
times in a row and I got a fish fingers
and rejected a life
doubling under your fingers bad news is
an actual song gonna wake up Alaska
a little munchkin ready to go like that
let's move out
alright you don't get to make anything
easy so what we called in my time the
base Alexi askance a mean Alessia was
asleep and happy
what kind of stirring and we want to
watch some TV and just like chill bill
downstairs
so we've woken her up kind of lima bed 2
and we're going to bathe her
but by bowing her I'm hoping that she's
going to stay asleep for longer it's a
long-term plan it's a long-term plan you
think the kids asleep
I know hello hello birthday girl
huh it's your birthday your month
birthday huh it was this the best month
of your life what is the best part of
your life when you're watching this
video guys it's the first of May May Day
and there's a new end place Oh Cavalier
changed the calendar changed that means
a new end place huh and also also I
recorded a couple of episodes of the
friendliest friends book club things
that I want to do so we're trying to do
it maybe I should do it like in May
it seems the first two May when you're
watching this and it's going to be a
Monday when you watching this so let's
just go ahead and bang them ups if you
want to watch them they're going to be
pretty rough at the start it's going to
be they're going to be rough at the
start because they're in beta
you know I'm just going to try left two
different ways ways of doing them at the
start so please check them out go to
Utah come for some friends friends or
I'll link somewhere around here you can
like watch it on telly I can do
annotations till the end I'll annotate
it at the end as well and I'll link them
about go watch it support it if you're
new here and you didn't know but
different is friend channel go check it
out and listen to me way to books
are you going to go check it out yeah
it's go you can do it as breast fighting
it can be like your breast feeding
techniques you can listen to me read
children's stories on your BuzzFeed
it looks like it does look like a book
anyway goodbye friends thanks for
watching today's video
say goodbye to a friend say goodbye Oh
and
