it's getting me
looking out my window waiting for the
Sun to go down another day
I'm wishing I was with her
or Star City skyline feels so
I can't find my way
ha
- morning I hope you enjoyed the video
pressed up if if I didn't teach you good
meringue Alessia what what what I'm
watching I'm watching penny this week
guys and I know if you live in a colder
country and you're taking like but it's
gonna be minus 6 here tomorrow so we're
not designed for - ok I wasn't built for
that kind of weather system I was built
for more tropical climates no I can't
had any but it was plus 20 I can't
handle when it is minus 500 the sweet
spots common trigger if you know it but
they're beasts from the east is here so
come on let's go quickly we have to get
scrubbed for the beach from the East
gets us just you know I didn't make up
to be so nice it's what the news are
actually calling it Britain shudders
briefs tea beast from the east rains
canceled wood oh my goodness it's
snowing sky is falling Oh lovely pink
see it's in actually my yeah yeah do you
know these are made from Cassatt oh he's
a cos auto course auto eduardo get in
eduardo your brother's getting a new one
today what did you get dragons or
rockets or something can you remember
dragon and then unless you got one too
everyone got one did daddy get one p got
my window io2 purpose
oh no Alessia got the one you ordered
because you took the star Pinkel star
won its turn the proper snow
well my proper proper snow but it's
definitely the snowy situation is
happening look guys it's snowing it's in
my hair
let's put the Christmas tree off you
know snow makes the best lighting right
because it's like really cool it's like
almost like cotton wool snow that's the
best snow like look it's not even wet
mm-hmm no snow well don't even think
about it okay I'll tell you get divorced
no but seriously like the lighting of
snow weather like this lighting here is
so nice why are we still outside it's
called
indirect illumination no it's because
there's cloud cover exactly the indirect
illumination you've got no direct
sunlight it's like the worst if you have
like cellulite in direct sunlight like
at the beach and then like paparazzi do
not proceed English to me but like I'm
saying that you notice you take pictures
of these celebrities and then they're
like I only have cellulite and I'm like
no it's just the Sun it's called a point
like he's called a point light a point
light whereas the Sun is pretty an
omnidirectional indirect illuminations
therefore shadows and nullified
okay so just this one isn't so great but
that was nice this can be the thumbnail
I wasn't even in frame
okay so just snow has increased ever so
slightly
well you're the snows like propers known
guys I'm gonna take a nice picture a
nice Christmas winter picture let's get
the Christmas tree out okay ready get
the Christmas stuff up all right let's
go where do you want it go between the
cars is nice cars running against this
wall no no this waiting it is better
this is not the day for it oh my
goodness look at Christmas it looks oh
here this is gettin it's gettin heavy
again do you need to break out the
Christmas attire all the winter stuff
see here outlined in the Sun the book of
pines
slippers on
hey you whisper in the dark sitting up
in the night with your head in your arms
in the empty home
as first time ever driving ever driving
in snow backwards just watch out for
life that means it something that side
good try to hit anything you're in that
super smart safe car with four-wheel
drive you'll be fine the car will do all
the work
because you just get rid of this snow
here for peace now you press the
extender it's the extend yeah it extends
edge wiper blades guys you get a whole
different perspective over here yeah I
completely just like caught it with my
wheel like my back wheel and I was like
how many times have you taken this
corner like are you remember this place
here we first moved here you used to
always just clip it here and then I was
driving on your right do you know I hit
the curb I was like well right though
I'm from train station yeah and I
clipped it like a few times to like
- try the post e post is gonna be full
of snow Z let's know you post e Wow this
is not this is unexpected
no no I mean like it's March it's
basically March in two days and we're
driving to snow like I got some snow
from inside and trying LS it okay
it's snow put your hand put in your hand
it's snowy touch it touch it you won't
eat it okay all right the only reason I
come here guys is what I mean juice easy
as older than me I would like you look
at this thing over here my best thing
over here well it's coming it's kind of
a Reggie's all right right I wonder what
this is gonna taste like
I mean that's gonna taste like apples
guys just gonna taste like apples look
like it is back up she's going to make
the film great so we don't have to meet
me finish block we desire
take seriously the sound will up we're
gonna laugh you're gonna make an amazing
idea if it doesn't sound good you know
what today if it looks good hi hi if
there's any problems with the film that
that works but hopefully guys we're
gonna have this finished very shortly
what happened what happened did you do a
poo is that why you're crying did you do
a poo poos it stopped snowing and I see
oh god it's like half melted on the
rooftop I was covered this morning yeah
cutie pie oh you did I can feel it
it's right in there yeah can I have a
kiss okay not very nice I love these on
you ah guess what I'm planning your
birthday party it's gonna be so much I
can't wait it's actually I'm not gonna
do a big party for her there's no point
in me even calling it a birthday party
but my mum's coming over so I'm just
gonna do like just family I think and
just have maybe like I think my sisters
are gonna be there and yeah it's not
gonna be like a big deal or anything but
I do want to do something we're gonna be
just back from holidays because we're
going on holiday and I just can't wait
for that first of all and then also
obviously for her first birthday but
we're gonna be so jet like so I'm
pushing it to the weekend after which is
Easter weekend so I'm gonna have like an
Easter themed birthday and it's gonna be
so much fun
and you know what when you don't invite
friends and stuff not that I have that
many friends but like I can't really
invite people anyway just because it is
actually Easter weekend but if you don't
invite people you can eat all the food
to yourself you don't have to share kind
of a win-win
Oh
new yard eyes and take
I look at me
see how the light caused me and just
my buddy
Oh
and that the average has got no
reversing come on come on come on you
can do it do it you can do it
and she's back up guys weren't you
paying the snow they don't look as white
they do I am heading it to collect Erica
Nell from the train station lookers I
thought I'd bring Bianca with me just
because she's home your bumbum okay you
had to make vegetarian food for the
vegetarian and invited over always
biting vegetarians / no pescetarian
pesky a pescetarian so here's the dois
rose one he picked the monster one which
you just need to build and here's the
last one and she gets too little of
unicorns and the rainbows yeah well she
picked the other one it's so cute so we
got three time all the exact same car
seats difference being sorry the
difference is zero a they come yes you
mean they come in two booster and then
you just attach the high-back if you
want the hi back hi back so you got the
booster and we'll attach this Ford
Juarez one we're gonna take out all
these bits here so he's just left at
level three classes only at level 1
level Lunas level 1 alright go ahead and
Payton snow you sure you want to grab
that guys so eric has just about to
leave
she stayed for dinner I feel like I'm
pregnant with twins now I just I baked
impromptu cookie do you want another one
you sure I baked these cookies that were
there just from a packet but so good
they're the white chocolate Betty
Crocker ones I just had like a craving I
just wanted a soft cookie I've just been
craving a soft cookie lately
so we had a really nice time and it was
really nice to catch up the kids are
really happy as well they were so
excited I told them this morning that
you were coming then they're like is
there Caillou yet no not yet
and yeah thank you for watching this
video don't forget to subscribe if you
haven't already give it a thumbs up and
hit that Bell button yes and we will see
you tomorrow bye
