good morning and welcome to the 29th
best day of the fourth month of the best
year of your life it's almost the end of
the 4th months we're about to hit the
50s you're gonna think post agent of
your life yeah oh gosh plenty more
things a new who do the blogs would you
commit to drug stuff I thought that
person
she did debate on this Saturday morning
has has started with a lot on her
snapchat I know you guys follow on on
snapchat I thought it was interesting
come here head why do I need your backup
oh I mean it works oh no they've come
right we're gonna have we're going to
have this is going to be a big debate
get the popcorn I mean a major editor
estas oh shut up I mean you bring them
here I'll open them
all right here's here's the debate okay
brass tea it's not I was not saying
Amelia does she like bananas thank you
thought we've got about 30 seconds all
right so we're talking about
breastfeeding okay they're not
breastfeeding in public
we're on sober little bit older so I
didn't really know what you meant
but I didn't know you meant teenager
don't thank you have breast pads
so just grab I am NOT against
breastfeeding in or anywhere I've been
so pro breastfeeding like bro been
eating like I'm not my god what you leak
everywhere
John me yeah and like Jonathan being in
the company of all the women that had
been recipe like not just me like oh
he's not ever been uncomfortable in the
slightest because he's used to it like
sees it with me all the time it was just
it's like took me by surprise
because I have never been a teenage boy
yeah I don't know what it's like
so Jonathan was like if Eduardo was
older I just feel like you wouldn't be
able to breastfeed around him anymore
and I was like no and then its first try
not to be but we were just like oh we
both have differing opinions which is
fine we don't have to agree on
everything
hey if I was like an 11 or 12 or 13 year
old boy and my mom then we're not
talking about like too subtle breast
feeds when when we're out in public
right lubricant we go ahead date nights
or whatever we're at like
breastfeeds and it's like a subtle
situation you know but we're talking
when you're at home like they're out the
boobs are out fully exposed and the kids
are around you and they're used to
seeing and it's nothing but I was like
if you're like it 11 or 12 or 13 year
old boy you know and I just feel a lot
like maybe you know there's like a time
when like at the moment I shower
immediately wire them together right but
there's a point when I will stop
showering them together there's a point
when I would stop showering Amelia you
know and I didn't take showers into my
dad I remember it and at a certain point
I didn't anymore and I could get those
teenager or like preteen or whatever it
was when I was like very little like
pony Amelia's age and that's just normal
I think
lovely boy and whatever everybody is
different you know like everyone has
different opinions every family
expressed feeding is not like a recipe
on for every teenage boy I suppose yeah
probably teenage boys in the public yeah
but we have breast rest yeah hello young
lad would you like would you like
something something cool whatever there
now somebody because I was all like no
if I was a teenager I told you
breastfeed in front of him and he would
just have to deal with it but then
somebody put it to me they were like
what would you breastfeed in front of
his friends hmm like if his friend Rover
and I really wouldn't because I wouldn't
want them in military waters like 12 or
13 or 14 or something not Ord water now
because waters mates Rover now yeah
surely if I was a teenage boy right and
I was in my mate s and his mom just like
took at her breast and front of me like
yeah like I guess like of a teenage boy
there's a lot of hormones um it's a very
difficult time okay
but you get that like leave college they
don't leave like train jump hey Carmen
yeah yeah yeah this is not an auntie
like it's boobs are coming out right now
it's even happening right at alive we're
hearing reports a breast is being
exposed I don't think you can tell
to leave comments and the top of the
conversation with no hate all right this
is not a hate for debate debate isn't
open for hate okay now get those breasts
s moving response when it's all sick
John I need it worked on Gillis yeah
Alessia
now tell me who do you want to change
your nappy mommy or daddy cry once for
daddy twice for mommy one those kind of
places for Eduardo Ali and then we have
an instantly happier baby how to make a
baby instantly happy changed and not B
it'll make them happy happy nappy if
you're happy in your not be got grants
hmm we didn't cut the ends to look at
the ends
oh my goodness a key thing is like it
looks so dramatic or there's nothing not
a key melon EEMA melon Molina Mennella
Amelia is it yeah they're like don't
worry about it so I know it looks scary
don't freak out they're like just do
just do your baby pigs at six months I'm
like what
I get it too good is cool bin thing son
so let's go look you do not beat me
another creates a little package boom ha
ha oh my gosh a fresh le package would
you come in here for when you come in
here for look at you guys
hello sit there right sit there okay put
your head like this now let's go put
your head down we did you guys look at
you guys huh
how much you love your sister Mia yeah
do you love Alexia more than daddy yeah
what you love her more than you love me
follow me I need to create a protective
a protective situation here
what you mean explain yourself
lassy wake you up every morning make you
breakfast and drive you to school and
buy you toys and play with you she does
she does all these things she wasn't
telling me about her if she's been doing
all these things who do you love more
Alessia or wardo oh you can answer like
Enya you better not answer - you better
not answer - you better not answer - huh
you enjoying your lazy Saturday yeah
would you want for dinner oh my gosh
media we never eat pizza what are you
talking about have we ever had teased it
before what what's the song what's the
pieces on what get it do you still make
change change
chim chiminey chim chiminey chim early
chim chiminey chim chiminey chim early
gym - what do you guys want for your
lazy Saturday dinner leave me a comment
below anything you want in this world
anything you want to eat in this world
that can be delivered not just anything
anyone media will we go and set up a
takeaway service call like we'll call it
food friends friendliest food then
here's food friends right what you do is
that we make anything your that's it
there's no there's no menu there's no
menu to this - friendly a food right and
all it is how you say whatever you want
you could say I was like a jelly pizza
yeah and you go to the website you order
jelly peach anything we just make a
jelly pizza for you and you say like I
would like to remember and friends when
Ross is a lasagna put it was a trifle
hmm
do you remember that hey so many about
or is it a shepherd's pie and a trifle
something like that which you can order
that and we make a shepherd's pie trifle
for you I think it's a winner I think
it's a cool thing let's let's go and get
some startup investment funds will go
and Dragons Den will pitch in to them
it'll be a winner friendliest food
friends and
he want your heart's desire we'll make
it up on the spot we will probably have
to have quite a lot of ingredients on on
location to make that possible well I
think it's a winner leave me comments if
you'd like to if you liked it boy what
did I leave you coming for Dunsey nobody
wants baby in a corner nobody puts Baby
in a corner
do you love her so much
see you love her so much hmm
do you remember what life was like
before you had a sister like you
remember what life was like I got I got
a you got a jet I can't even imagine it
anymore how when we didn't have a last
year yeah I remember like I I had more
sleep no way it's like I just can't
imagine without always as always like a
little baby there's a million is water
there's always this little baby and at
some point you won't be a baby anymore
but it's like I always like Oh where's
the baby got to pick the baby up from
life I can't even remember I can't even
imagine in my life wasn't even complete
I taught my I really thought our life
was complete but yet it wasn't at all
was this did you yeah he ends up on this
one him
all right my little assistant here you
go all right so you give her a little
rugs like this okay motor
yes dip it in water yeah watch all right
and just give it a little rub not like
what
no no not ruffles just gentle ones you
want to get under the neck you want to
get the honey yeah yeah I don't know not
in the eyeball yes one time it's at
school today over at and I had counter
to pay you interested i what sheriff of
plato's psi oh my goodness I mean don't
maskull no world exclusive breaking news
all right little bunny what oh you're a
pizza you want pizza fried eggs and
donut you want look how cute you look
let's get you all covered up excuse me
and back here what mommy and
everything's great
you if you turn to your right lasya does
the tasty nutrition waiting for you yeah
okay huh so let's go let's go
okay go on go get your pizza
hello
you get the dip one skill that right do
you wonder what they're having for
dinner no no no no no no no no no no no
no all right let's go oh sorry
jeez close the door guys hey Don the
lamina do it
Amelia Nana has been practicing the
Shakira song their dance routine I'm
watching you
we can begin my monthly being mom uh
shake it shake your bumbum Oh No
where is it God oh no what happened to
the tent baby Max and Ruby tonight for
our bedtime surprise and by the way guys
all everyone was suggesting about the
book club Jonathan's book club or story
time or something like that over the
friend is friend Channel and I thought I
talked to it I think you know what I'm
going to go do that I'm going to go and
start a little series it's not going to
be like very exciting okay it's not a
lot of people to watch and sing about
friendliest friend channel it's like I
really loved making the videos with the
kids but the channel started to go to a
place that I didn't really wanted to go
to you know I didn't want the kids
leading the content I didn't want the
kids like really making the content I
just wanted to make fun videos with them
and then sort of I don't know just the
last few videos remains just a million's
to leave the media channel I was like no
it's not what I want to do you know
cannot dig find that kind of style of
content so I was like right I quit I
just kind of like stopped so I had loads
videos that I had already pre-recorded
of the kids doing self but I was like I
don't want to do that like I wanted to
make like CBeebies you know I wanted to
make like a fun like channel for kids I
was like fun entertaining so we're going
to start again we're gonna try again on
the furnace vent Channel please
subscribe link down below or somewhere
it's
our comforts of management and we're
going to do this little thing where I'm
going to like just like storytime give
like short videos buggers I'm just going
to like do loads to them and I think it
could be like a fun thing to like maybe
maybe you'll get an answer more kick off
it
I don't know we're just going to restore
it it's like with the kids Eduardo I'm
going to cause I don't know what we're
going to call it but it's just basically
going to be me reading stories to the
kids no experiments or explosions or
like crazy over-the-top stuff just like
you know at the end of just like at the
end of the night say candy and you know
she's gonna give me a nice fun time time
thank you sir oh yeah he's broken
they're like the merge exit yeah alright
we're going to go read it anyway I hope
you guys have enjoyed your weekend and I
will see you guys tomorrow
say goodbye sense Wow what's your name
my baby's daddy
Wow you're right dah dah i ball my name
is eyeball okay all right bye-bye
Oh
Oh
