understand yeah I found an insect in her
bed
you've had an insect in our bed yeah I
got full I'm getting the shivers yoo-hoo
sorry the bed with us mine
I thought out yeah and I went to do
something and I came back and I was like
good morning and welcome to the 28th
best day of her fourth month of the best
year of your life
I guess whose birthday did today guys
guys whose birthday is it today
who I'll be I'll be happy birthday to
Albie everybody I mean we want to give
them birthday kisses ah how about me
tonight 8:00 Albie oh my goodness
Amelia out of these eight today you know
what you're seeing for breakfast the
right side well happy birthday Keough
singing your happy birthday Albie huh
hello there
oh yeah Keys calm down a little bit I
think well it's still out there but it's
not like red or anything it looks like a
little phone booth now hello whoa
there's actually good we were actually
watch the film we just watched all the
bits on YouTube how we get lunch oh I
know what's going on here yeah one left
she's having breakfast right oh she's
waiting for Amelia and then we'll go
what I make back hey spider right
he went immensity Silesia and I are
hanging out she didn't want to sleep
this morning she loves to be awake right
now don't you
she was basically on the bloob don't
like think I mean not really she did
like drop off a few times but she
certainly likes to eat at the moment so
I definitely think she's going through
something because I just feel like my
boobs are in use like all the time and
then she's drinking a lot more from her
bottles as well and because obviously I
can't really I don't really know how
much she takes from my boobs every time
because there's no way of like measuring
it or anything but when she takes a
bottle I'm noticing that the smaller
they're like five ounce Tommee Tippee
ones are too small now like she wants
more so I'm having to express more which
is annoying just hate expressing but I
do like having a store of milk in case
you have to do something or go somewhere
or in case Jonathan has to take her for
some reason or another you know like it
just gives me a bit more freedom and I
think Jonathan's right I think our baby
acne hug comes down a little bit or at
least it looks like it poor thing I feel
so bad for her um even though they say
anywhere I've read they say that it
doesn't bother the baby at all so not to
worry and that it will just clear up on
its own apparently it's from hormones
from like me from after the pregnancy
like left over from after the pregnancy
so weird now what you're still really
cute you're still really cute hmm
what's wrong I think we need to cut your
fingernails beginning you feel um give
me a smile
can you give me a smile
Oh anytime I rub her feet she does it I
just worked her feet there and she gave
a smile I think she really likes that
hmm who's that a next year cutie and
there's a cutie thank you hi
I know blue eyes I know hello it's not
working anymore I was rubbing her foot
to see if it was my kid different she
does seem to make two like that though
makes her smile hmm makes you smile you
were smiling at me last night again in
the dark
hmm you were it was really cute I really
appreciate that that little smile I'm on
a train I haven't been on a train while
is he here's my trade friends it's not
an Adele we're not having a baby checkup
hello we're going next week I think
Alessi's will be six weeks old next week
or week after so we take them in
sketching yeah you take well it's kind
of like a it's a you go back to the OB
and they just kind of know what they do
to just check I reduce tool when we are
but and then we're going to go to
natural kitchen for one last hurrah for
we in the time on this natural kitchen
far away for because and I'm going in
for you know the super project and a lot
I tell you like well guys I think we're
going to be an answer that next week
we're robbing wooden final kind of not a
final problem eating it better today and
if I'll be birthday how cool is that it
should have brought him with me the
problem container if he would have
really of me you know hunters yeah and I
when they would hate it you would have
barked at everybody all right next trend
oh of course your situation
hold on tight especially rasca yeah what
about the risk
Oh close ours Oh people were in an
abandoned subway station the train
coming in the abandoned subway station
right since when is right raises right
turn aside it's an abandoned subway
station nobody here this is the only
remembrance of humanity that remains
okay we'll just go on here nobody else
here guys it's an abandoned station in
central London keep on going on it got a
little hot here you were reading on a
CFO that was really nice of you yeah
that's total my feedback
Wow thank you again I know I thought
some of them were for me
wow thank you
I like how you've written your name
every time very good either make you say
a number is for you okay yeah anyone
it's for laughs okay this one is for Jen
Oh lovely thank you very good sign turn
around look at them all we did mr.
legend but she goes off me Oh
and then I read mother yes laughter I'm
weak a lot your book is good except the
funny walk
you want to go to your hotel hotel yeah
yeah your homework thank you
oh my goodness
Oh number three number three here hey
baby I'm sure they've been a big baby no
matter maybe I'm a little bit of a
bigger than three are you thinking / -
yeah
so yeah I'm free I know but your baby
number two and she's baby number three
and the media is baby number one know so
works Wow alright that's how it works
I try I try to do a little twirl and it
didn't work why isn't working
awesome awesome us-born oh it was worth
it anyway we're here all exclaim over in
Australia office so Francesca said that
she's going to bring us Australia so
tweets progestin yeah yeah we have to
it's up to you to do
who here thinks we should go to
Australia oh yeah Maddie does who's
going who's going to go visit yesterday
office ah I guess I'm gonna be so
jealous she's not on this training that
does like what it does Keith oh my god
have what fun would that be get credit I
left her big doggy look what I made it
huh she's so cute
I'm the baby to you wanna give everyone
everyone is joining now leave a comment
if you've just yawned yeah have you
started editing the vlog slam let's go
I just remember today I will show you
guys my perfume collection and my stuff
right so I just got a big box just came
in from Armani Giorgio Armani right and
they sent me it was so cool it's like a
Dear John delight to enclose the new
George romantic and Monaco's Cal romina
launching the 26th of April but look at
this just as I was showing at the other
day they just sent me and zoom one like
and all the other ones
Oh what did I smell like I like that
Cologne
colonia - what's that say I mean ya know
what I need it Oh monokote calling yeah
calling and mocking me perfume oh oh
yeah
smelly that's fine now but like oh my
goodness
it is so cool and look give me a towel
as well I am I am very easily swayed
okay
Fran send me towels that's all okay I
love you forever
alright this is so cool there never get
things he never getting oh the whole
family's on the bed and the little one
said well I'll roll over
what you going to show about it hey
Amelia is that ballet today oh I didn't
know I did I love I've got a nice toilet
PJ's nigga yeah understood you know
where the show in the page news video he
needed to change Amelia I was doing her
first ballet show tonight today when I
thought careful to peace careful of the
baby oh oh anyway oh it's the end of the
vlog and I know it is understand yeah I
found an insect in her bed you've had an
insect in our bed yeah I got full I'm
getting the shivers we started a bed
with us mine I thought out yeah and I
went to do something and I came back and
I was like I think who thing I smushed
over there was quite an immediate sighs
no no it wasn't a spider it was like a
baguette Holocaust bed two pieces that's
what was about what
that was like okay I'll come over this I
come over that guy's good you guys would
look like using my shit over there the
set was actually in the bed crawling
with no why would be one back I think
that folks are like tiny little things
what
I can't mommy's gonna kill the bedbugs
all right anyway guys let us go and we
will start the weekend
what does the weekend me can mean okay
look at me
kill me tomorrow quite a big jump to end
the blog because vendor blog you only
one okay this is you have to do that so
weekend begins you both have to jump
together at the same time wafer duardo
okay now turn okay now you both say the
weekend begins and drop off the bed
ready creasing would go like oh it's the
bedbug oh don't look like you don't want
to see why though looks like cockroaches
or something all right my friends I'll
see you tomorrow
Oh
ah
Oh
Oh
