their first time outside as a registered
human being yeah you're right it is the
first time someone asked me her date of
birth and I actually thought like I
don't know where was she born good
morning and welcome to the 27th day of
the fourth month of the best year of
your life
327 right registering alessia's first
today Willis is asleep sorry there's no
cute baby cam this morning but you can't
see anything because I just realized the
monitor is covered with nothing I don't
know if you guys know this but ever
since they all had their teeth taken out
not all of them but a lot of them and
see that means doctors we feed them the
same tooth it's the Royal Canin and
Canaan multi scoop so it's like
specifics that every that's my favorite
food this is all like you just kind of
like put enough that it's going to all
like soften but not not so much that
it's like a soup in there and then you
just leave it obviously don't serve it
something like this otherwise they will
burn their Todd little tongue this foot
little dog and they drink filtered water
Hey
yes don't you don't you that's because
of the tears day that their groomer said
that it like helps and I actually think
it really does the things are tear
stains improved a lot and we Jenna doing
that I decided to make some scrambled
eggs for Jonathan and me for eggs I'm
going to beat this is our favorite one
that we use in our courage this is like
mixed peppercorns that I bought and like
refilled this with just putting quite a
bit of pepper but I do think pepper
gives a lot of them flavor and then
ready to go in and
that's going to be our breakfast
hopefully Jonathan appreciates this mini
comes home and isn't like all I want
this morning's bowl of porridge like hey
look at this guy's
so eggs are ready I just saw Johnson
pull up so put his coffee on
I put his toast down we're going to do
this I'm going to have it like silver
service as he pulls in as he pulls in
I'm going to serve impressment like as
you comes into the house look at this
service lads just home from the school
run and my breakfast is ready
scramblers Francesca scramblers I'm from
bread consume coffee
yum-yum thank you very much I meant
olive what you did miss y'all avoid yes
I don't need butter in and up but I like
olive oil and things but I thank you
very much
that's how did I say the marriage of
teamwork works Oh as it is always G
Marquis hit will it work Anna then its
app called face Apple uses means crazy
eyes you find it like everything how are
we using right till we took some of the
two of us nobody does like white or
without one like no one uses are you
free doesn't find the young ones not
that good oh my face
what is it okay well like so I'm going
to do a thing right so I'm going to put
them together so this is myself and
Hannah when we are older this is what
we're going to look like together when
we're older right this is what myself
and Hannah look like when were younger
and this is what myself and I would look
like if we swapped gender so van with a
boy and I'm a girl oh my
it's so weird why I think the girls were
later you it's immediate but not the
eyes like if you go like that and cover
the eyes that looks like Amelia but I
think she's got the same light with the
class already glasses without going with
the glasses do we have any pictures of
them we just upload to it buzzer what is
it okay well I like the way you can just
smile thank you
okay you did all my come nails out gonna
make everyone cry out know what I miss
my confinement you want to smile now Tom
no well is actually cowing you could put
the eyes Jonathan from your VoIP icture
on the face of it is enough of my young
pictures that would be his word oh no no
okay I've just brought it why doing a
picture of Eduardo first angrily is make
him smile it's really important how he
was already smiling was he okay remember
that looks so weird though okay ready
this is Eduardo old a woman okay it's
gonna kiss you I was dying is always
words can you guys hold on take it wider
young um I was kind of just made them a
little under let's take it why to a girl
oh this is scary but yeah check out Anna
this is Eduardo what do I just gonna
look like when he's older no it looks
like a woman it looks like a world
alright what you don't do it I just did
it this is true this is this is it
that's it you can't change this this is
true I mean if she was oh look oh my
goodness let's go immediate I feel like
a media to be a prime minister something
she looks like Margaret Thatcher a
little bit it looks stupid laughing oh
my God look at a media's daughter
alright let's try this picture so let's
go old oh my goodness
oh that's just stupid
it looks exactly like it wider though I
think that maybe it's because they're
too young or something yeah I am doing
the one last year I tried to have a
thing I couldn't find one good enough
though oh yeah that is so ridiculous
chicks are like cheesy acidic children
from school and Amelia broke a leg today
did you break your leg yeah no but wardo
said that he was going to donate his leg
to Amelia or did you want that his leg
or draw mommy's like which like you want
mommy's leg or daddy's like mommy's leg
how what what happened immediate is you
wanna cross the playground because you
saw it wardo and you really want to say
hi to him yeah but you did see it why
didn't you say didn't you didn't you huh
maybe they also woke up at five o'clock
this morning one five o'clock a.m. well
because p.m. what it wouldn't have been
too bad you know you wouldn't miss
school and everything book study would
have got to sleep so we're having a
rough day having a rough day
she had magic fairy dust in her pocket
whoa did you get some can you can you
bring some home for daddy you've got so
much expand exhaust wow did it wider why
did you get some magic fairy dust
emedia has a magic fairy dust who's not
gonna do this
the Goreski have so much afraid of no
I'd like to get me it's gone we have a
crying baby situation we have a crying
baby situation he was going on
alright folks yet last year especially
recognized as a human being this is part
one of the registration process part two
is then we have to go back into London
to the Irish Embassy
okay okay an Irish God shamash
exist who is officially exist missus go
first you registered your register baby
and their first time outside as a
registered human being huh you're right
it is the first time someone asked me
her date of birth and I actually thought
like I don't know when we should more in
be easy because she's the third child
34:31 oh you're right I forgot
everything I just haven't slept in so
long I'm so confused I was like
September and then when she was like
what's your date of marriage you're like
I feel like yes like I thought we don't
matter anymore
guys like it's Alexia son oh I just
first record defenders do you remember
when last year when I was pregnant I see
you guys drunk asking the names if I won
nobody can know whatever Joshua no one
gets in foil yet somebody we're out in
the comments like oh my god you're
listening to a lesson on the person was
like oh my god Alessia Cara song was on
can you imagine if they called her
Alessia and that was the first time that
anybody got her name and but it took so
long like honestly nobody gets it for
like ages and I don't think even at the
end people like a nice ass Alyssia like
it wasn't really a popular guest at all
I think maybe like a handful of people
might have guessed it but it definitely
wasn't a popular guest like obviously
when we went in and registered her we
registered as John etana
so my year says I like it she was like
so would you want tries to be and I'm
like we could change our minds so like
it was so easy it was so interesting
like you didn't have to prove anything
you just say
whatever yeah like what if we create
drama expose like ah we're so many
surprises yeah we could have caught you
anything actually could have been like
bean sprout cuacamole
dart board a media was Colin Ricketts
DARPA Rapunzel however clumsy violence
dartboard and linner dare to spin winner
America's a felony
so like GOP ingenue be nervous
I'll be Cena
okay guys I'm working on a big and I'm
working on a big in video when in a big
video a big story video I haven't done a
story with you in a little while well
since that last year pops along but I'm
doing a big story video because I have
something very exciting and very big
everything it will be and everything
changes for the situation because
everything will change but it's very
exciting and I figured instead of just
saying hey guys guess what I was like
let's make a movie let's make I want to
make a little film to like you know I
mean I like those ones you like those
ones it's like they're kind of like you
know like destroy time videos on YouTube
well I kind of like jonathon story time
videos where I like to like tell a story
you know and you can't leave me how much
you like them because there's one coming
guys be excited if you like the story
time videos it spawns the test of time
and I see it away are you minute I don't
know I think you can give it a say kudos
huh you can see here look she's smiling
she's like hey big sister hey big sis
who do not like oh my goodness immediate
look so grown up do you guys think that
when you saw her little profile okay
we'll snuggle into the cash there we got
a hold her head though sweetie important
you gotta hold her little head oh yes
I'm with the real head of you know
called in Armenia
oh it's so cute huh it's so cute yeah
what oh hi there sir
friends hello this video is basically
half five guys this videos going light
and a half an hour and I'm only making
it now I'm irregular ah I was in London
all day today friends working on that
big project thing we're almost ready to
share with you leave comments if you
guess what it is okay it's a big huge
massive amazing ginormous gigantic Jay
Jay foolery project coding racing you're
gonna love it anyway that way I was
doing it all day long and I'm really
surprised and I thought that is that is
always though I don't even check I don't
even know what day it is or even who I
am or what I am I'm very emotional
alright I you better like my video
anyway I is carbon ok we need and I need
nice comments now and I need nice like
buttons and subscription button okay
thank you very much and I'll see you
tomorrow
Oh
Oh
