you were quicker let's go oh I oh I
didn't mean it all right let's don't do
that though because even here
I think of actual great this morning
guys
the grapes are back I mean yesterday was
no great to mess I know
guess who's back back again great bar
bags tell a friend we are still here
hello and welcome to the 26 best day of
the fourth month of the best year the
kids are not wearing their summer
uniforms this morning so they can be in
desi hog huh No
which is where I do Jojo trackies today
that's all right all right
oh nice guy yeah okay you got cheesy
food nice cheesy foot that was it I put
a fresh suck on like five minutes ago
how is that dirty already explain your
actions UN outside okay okay so guys eat
up your breakfast and I shall bring in
the second round of breakfast breakfast
for these guys is a tree forest meal
it's lovely Eduardo so it's an amazing
HOF wow you guys have real talent you're
gonna go places you know where you're
gonna go you gotta go to school this is
the level of protection daddy
I need to put on Eduardo what he is
having his breakfast to keep his uniform
team oh yeah so we fit look we're
discussing Amelia no but how many how
many chosen you're gonna have right Oh
Oh three children Oh interesting
and are they going to be boys or girls
one three boys
Oh were you gonna call them
I've got sad yard sale that's one name
is it our job to name what okay what's
the next name le frente Oh
is that there you just made try to name
your children yeah
okay see hands now they're one with the
turret child what are you going to call
it Amelia Bedelia just like it's auntie
so he'll have an auntie kala media and
he'll be called Amelia Bedelia but they
seem like very good Torres name daddy
caddy Matty bloody daddy had you anybody
oh you ready for the school run are you
ready for the school run mmm
2579 lads I'm bad news if you're on the
end thanks bye this morning is very slow
Antiqua 2010 intend on spoiling us
because i lorry broke down and I broke
down basically $15 can people call you
fellows before right lads and ladies and
last season's loopy doop
keep in school that's it I've completed
my task I may go home and Lucy's coming
out and we're increasing our run by a
mile today it's now I think within four
miles today oh it's gonna be worth the
dog give myself one month this is a
challenge but I've given myself one
month to try and run up this hill it's
like a really steep hill that it goes
into a man since we're used to mountain
bike I'm gonna see if I can run it now
and then with a view to possibly
entering a half marathon in September so
yeah that's my plan and you gotta go
whoo I have a question for our postman
how did you get this even came here are
the back fit in there hello everybody
guys there's a baby asleep in the house
she seems to sleep past the old barking
no I think well I think she's she kind
of used to it yeah you know and it's in
her first workout early today like it's
the casual workout we're going for our
run first 50 miles today I think yeah
Shorewood short one in inches into the
palace and back high five high five Liz
and bike
what we'll go to what's the other one
 is that Windsor will do is quit the
top score that's the triangle will do
keep the palette or right I'm back I've
had my shower my hair is mental look at
the length of my hair the length of it
is it when it's that anyway I did like
almost a 5k we'd like be stood it today
on my Ellison
let's do this but anyway let's sneak
inside honesty in her working right now
Lucy this is her first workout does that
feel okay for example boy how's it going
a spider - how long ago you've been is
it good though what what you matter
hahaha is the right guy gone well have
used their the police all right bound
and run up the hill let me sit like a
champion I'm just thinking like how did
it run in there doing it I'm tired I did
a run then I had a shower pretty intense
trying to walk in the wet patches listen
one know I have the underfloor heat of
knees so sometimes after shower you step
into water it's like session one jumping
in muddy puddles
I get the crease how can one really high
time to fix this what do I use sometimes
sometimes do I feel like I want to be a
hobo I go with the hobo one sometimes I
use for actually do you know what I
don't have the phrase thing where
everyone write the phrase problem while
ago let's open this a bit you might have
to phrase problem while ago well I think
it's been wrong to be insisting on
straps I like 15 6 to 18 months and now
my hair is like it's like proper a
really good hair you know without any
problems anymore which is cool you know
it's just it's a little stand in this
area but so I tend not to how I used the
pretty stuff anymore now why I going for
is what is outside of hammer this stuff
I was at a Firebird agent zone he said
use this stuff I don't know if it's good
or not what I use it I nearly fell not
near the address but you guys leave
suggestions what is the best
I like the waxy stuff because it just
makes your hair nice is sick what I have
here is I have got this guy here bad
head but it's very the bent head is very
wet it's almost gel like I don't even
know what this is fire pit and what even
is this is this for your hair which
woody and rugged natural it doesn't tell
me what it is
ok I don't know what that is hand please
composition oil from the Veda what's
before your hair or like I have to sit
over here this a Mickey Mouse one this
one here Sebastian actually yesterday
empty so mostly been using that one and
then just got here no hands South Mars
I'd love to stock here I don't even know
what they do what's in this one men's
kid shout out a champion I'm Asha she
give that a try hopefully what else why
is an Elsa under here
I also have this other section here
loads of a torso these are just what I
smell like I was wearing a Myna code for
ages big final remaining codes that MIT
Black Codes you know it's different then
the allure I have an open spice-bomb me
up but apparently it's nice this is what
I currently smell like these days
diesel badge I'm bad this one in here
I've actually no idea but a party's
maybe that's it
I got a lot of spice bombs Allura Chanel
sport is really good actually blows I
haven't actually
well I change it up again guys I haven't
actually used that this is the geogebra
use natural the ocean is just basically
salt and stuff like that yeah let's do a
work hey where's another like that -
just gonna see we're going to increase
what I like to do just get a little bit
in your hands move it in the other hands
like play-doh and try and mold it into a
little person light up and then just
like well I hope not happen
look give the lumpy bit there and then
just simply just do this till they
essentially do I should do right if
Colin do you think I should do well I
kind of like it get ready with me but as
a dad with the kids and stuff but I kiss
in the mornings when I'm doing the
school run like trying to get everyone
organized and sometimes I let you wake
up and then we have Alessi in the
situation as well so you may comment if
you'd like to see how a dad of three
children gets ready in the morning as
like a funny routine thing you know we
covered so now I will make that for you
Errol work stuff in little aerosol she's
off hold us
okay your bike haha look at this giant
bag I was it heavier than it was nice
you got here
are you stealing Oh myself all right
goodbye the shoulder
I got a shoulder if I say flight going
left over there got a departures not
arrivals hello guys how's it going
I have to I have some questions for you
okay okay first of all guys are you
enjoying oh yes attention is very
important I just did this is very
important enjoy the ride
this is a very important interview now
do you how are you enjoying Alessia do
you like it ICS you love it I see yeah
does that I feel I think Alexey Lowe's
both of you
how are you enjoying school eduardo good
Emilia how are you enjoying school play
is it great I heard I hear it Emilia can
now read it Werner can you read yes oh
no not yes okay are you guys excited for
the summer holiday yeah yes what's your
favorite thing about Alessia one at a
time please
it was Eduardo first oh why do you love
her
here at times she likes dinosaurs for me
she did okay Emilia why do you love
Alessia you can't he got he cake candy
cookies and - Toto cute and huh make it
happen if you had a message for elected
when Alexia is a big girl I'm going to
show her this video what message do you
have for her you can go first in media
and my life is will be for her
that I ready engine it's a kids kids
I never homeless I got one for you to
try a new hat and Edoardo what message
do you have for let's see in the future
I am a dog yeah yeah I got one right
ages why one is in my back Oh Amelia is
your favorite thing about your daddy
okay I love you too
what is your favorite thing about your
daddy well I'm Lindy Peggy
what do you like about your mommy the
most I wanted media can go first this
time Watto I have my momentum 50s
beautiful ah good morning and I write
about my homemade cookie
I like women it is Eduardo what do you
like about mommy
because I can't
do you like that daddy makes YouTube
videos yeah do you like being on my
YouTube videos okay anything nah now you
can do you like YouTube yeah
ah
Oh
Oh
