shows the hardest part of having extra
children it's the forgetting the Kenny
and sometimes I forget about Anna but I
do love her without making us come down
Kodak moment
good morning and welcome to the 24th
last day of the fourth month of the best
year of your life and I'm just going to
do the intro every single time I pick up
the camera now just in case just in case
that hasn't been done don't know
Johnson's love today or not them I
assume not though because he was doing
the school run and the kids were in a
uniform so anunnaki did I've made my
breakfast here with my little matching
set helps me that is like kind of asleep
so that my sound like it right now but
she's up there I'm hoping fingers
crossed I can just have my breakfast and
and she stayed quiet for that because
I'm hungry
excuse me excuse me back into bed back
into bed that's nobody better nobody
there they know yeah you drive around in
that with yeah with the Lucas age the
Lucas a push it so this is our second
time doing the run thing today guys but
I brought my Apple watch so we're going
to try and track it and see how fast we
can do it it'd be hot oh my cheerleader
hello movies so the hardest part of
having extra children is to forgetting
the Kenyan sometimes I have to get a
banana but I do love her without making
us come now Kodak moment hello and s
yeah it is tricky you know
you can't you can't neglect the white
lads give it all give her a hug pause
this video right now and give your
partner person a hug and you'll see as
well appreciators it's in the women are
from Venus and men are from Mars then
just give your wife a hug looks like out
in any try it you're like oh good smells
good one actually little did I know
because there's so many things going on
in here any
here right now there's just like I think
I'm hungry in here like when I make a
coffee boom I put the right shoes on
Eduardo this morning he's like it's good
oh so King you so cute laughter seem
late yesterday's crazy how fast they go
up isn't it I'm like I don't know I
definitely feel and the third child I
appreciate her away when I appreciate
but I like I'm enjoying her as a baby I
felt like with Amelia I was just like
excited to like yeah very and but I feel
like yeah yeah and you kind of rushed it
and then she's like she's a child and
schooling around like oh my god it's
over not over but you know I mean we're
people parents will understand and then
when Eduardo was like oh that's called
can't wait till he does this and there
with her I'm like can't wait till he
catches up with her yeah yeah I know I'm
like you can just stay like that you can
just go ahead and stay like that okay
otherwise mommies don't even house have
another baby we're gonna have to keep
making babies oh thank you smile this
one was a slippery slope because you're
like are we like okay not like this well
maybe like in another month she's almost
a big month year gonna be here for a
week sometimes things I love when you
can hear their voice your mood you gotta
go she's so strong she doesn't say what
I think that is gonna be her first word
they all say data first ah Jeremy Lea's
one hmm I got any more questions first
we're close Detroiters roads would think
it's the same actually but it's funny on
the vlog from back so we just creep me
my son's first word please hello hello
last night like a hero lads I was able
to play the PlayStation right I had a
bottle under my chin like this and I had
a last year under my arms and I was
speeding Alessia a bottle with my two
hands while playing as sniper elite on
an online multiplayer campaign and we
won the campaign was I had a baby on me
that should be an extra like it should
they got an award for that one or
something
her nails like raised her they are that
razors I think I need to call right
razor that's a natural nickname yeah you
call a razor because our little Exeter
today like it's res life at the did a
little ballet shoes huh she lets me know
though I know I am gonna be open the
screen up someone mm-hmm yes think that
pretty girl huh is it
Amelia blue eyed hmm what looks like
fair hair I think it's turning look at
the top it they're not really blonde
then I get to this big been here how
we're just a little mohawk okay like
interested cheese and looks great what
is she experienced a more okay to have
an appointment okay she looks like it
but look at the eyes are so why are they
coming up literally look at them don't
realize they look more blue eyes it look
like way more blue and realize they look
kind of gray on camera whenever I take
picture of her this your hair is darker
ahead looks different on camera
everything looks different on camera
it's weird isn't it hmm
mark is also strong necked oh that's
what I'm talking about the little noises
they're so cute you're so cute
looking for a boots over always looking
for a group take that after that see
look in that light it looks like oh yeah
no because here you go fluid emma has
blue eyes Emma very much this is a blue
eyes literally cobblers they might hear
my sister or they'll be amazing I just
don't know
kind of no belief you can kind of see
with the light here well at least she
doesn't have brown eyes Johnson yeah
this is Joe did it that did is moody
neck see kids like she obviously got the
flu from you mostly your site yeah oh oh
that's it's over hmm look at from
yesterday
I think the grasses all like squished
down the cars have all been abandoned
the plants over there were like knocked
over in the car only get a purple stuff
there that's quite nice
oh yeah Oh again afterwards as well em
if we play we got all the nerf guns out
cuz I have five in them and we got the
man we had a huge big nerf going battle
so we're heading it pick up the kids
which I'm excited Rex I've only done
this technically two times it's our the
observation where our no she got
distracted last time everybody was to
talk every other coordination know what
like expose just friendly so everybody
know but you got a dude why are they
Martino overall cry like properly but
anyway so I've only technically I have
seen three times to collect them coming
the baby but only two times if I got out
of the car because so this is I really
want to experience like Eduardo coming
out of his class I've never actually
seen that property I know it sounds like
a release it's like if you're not parent
watching these you probably like what's
the big deal
big beautiful well I should be it days
because it's his first like Google
expiry no yeah he looks really cute so
I'm looking forward to seeing that to
baby seems to have on to sleep she was
like very awake bar driver but I kind of
like wanted to stay awake for like
during the day as long as pumps not as
long as possible but like I wanted to
differentiate between night and day yeah
I keep the feelings and everything quite
different although last night she play
playstation with Jonathan that's not
realize she was product responding enemy
that's not really like relaxing
nighttime feeds that love it okay we're
girl
it meant I got to watch the Kardashians
decisions the main thing in life friends
many time has passed - okra that means
it's a truly sad I'd White House to
Coney Jolie don't don't give up stop
that stop that somebody stop him
somebody jumps through the screen and
stuff in a media I have a conundrum oh
look everybody keeps telling me right
after the other day that I you should do
this job I will be so good this is the
storytelling on CBeebies this could be
my future job guys
oh my goodness what have we built a
little set like that a meteorite on the
friendliest friend channel and we read
stories where people watch that would
you guys be into that
we could do like story time and that
would be actually really good promoting
reading our books and so for that I like
a look we did make a wish alexyss tylor
like that because I think we might be
onto something
of course Eduardo wardo yeah part is
that you're not part of the solution
you're part of the plan or I don't all
right guys I have I have a problem I
have a problem I need some help
okay Amelia you know the way daddy's new
car is finished being built
okay well I have the interior all
designs yeah I picked the colors and
everything for the interior and the doll
the carbon fibers and all the nice stuff
okay but you don't want to can't decide
on the media what color should
make the outside of the car using purple
plaid star people I don't know I don't
know if I want to drive around in a
sparkly purple car right the car coming
out of the factory is black okay and it
has like body kits and like sick stuff I
like that on the right and that's like
23 inch wheels
oh but and they're gonna wrap it for me
in any color I want and I'm trying to
decide what color should I get shouting
the top what
that's a cell kingdom there's a shark in
the park Oh sparkly dress sparkly black
cleric and my defender house guys very
exciting is she might be a frightened
local you guys oh wow frightened ho but
if you see Erika rend the streets of
writin you know and any potential
boyfriends you got to be really nice and
you have to answer like babysitting if
you get a boyfriend they have to like
babysitting also and you have a nice car
and their own nice flat and a good job
BMW Erik is looking for a BMW guy nice
flat broke up right in home area any
particular oh look like that guy he's
like are you like that actor Jim
Bergeron Carluccio's never in
Somerhalder kind of have to look a
little bit like in summer holder and
boom you got the job that's it folks
please a please apply in the comments
below or tweet me and I will review and
I will send amont Erica oh we are mommy
mommy salon I hope your mommy dry your
hair every dancing like a lunatic and
here we got Erica salon
Oh Erica's dentistry
feelin looser gonna do four like was
that wine it was fun read oh oh oh and I
was cold with your photos that was close
on my 10th video with the kids tonight
what okay will you put a bedford we take
we like to take turns
doggies on here hello friends hello
doggy friends huh
alright now what can i what are you
interested in is she actually fast
asleep
no she take up in kind of I can tell I
can just tell oh now oh no oh as what
notice - oh it's - no okay what's rules
yeah please want some booby much better
never tasted good enough ah
this tastes like I'm in milk if you're
ever curious things like Ivan look Oh
freshly sterilized yeah it's a drafter
good fresh sterilized we do actually
have like a bottle warmer thing but I
find this just blend more convenient
just get some boiling water stick it in
a cup with the thing in there and then
just wait and when it's hot just dump it
in there boom that's my solution
so Eric and I are having some snacks
I just ate like five Linder's
balls which are what what are you crying
oh my god
she's eating beans playing like I think
it should eat how do you like have any
things happen to you
I just happen is what I know you oh my
god I swear if there's like a wasp or a
fly in our vicinity it will sing Erica
and like saying she's like
accident-prone
it just doesn't talk to you something
like slipped in time why is happen
literally everything like honesty
completely just like split up it was
like a little I can't it don't stop time
yeah it's with us I think is it all
right now
yeah oh yeah anyway so we're going to
watch some TV now and have some snacks
and tea and that's it for today so I
hope you enjoyed the video give it a
thumbs up if you liked it jug's was like
this is a huge month but you've never
ended my or like the blog before I
probably have over the last couple of
years but I can't remember any I give it
a thumbs up if you liked it don't forget
to subscribe for more and we will talk
to you tomorrow okay one side oh oh
and
you
