good morning and welcome to the 22 her
best day of the fourth month and Amina
this morning got herself up out of bed
came down here and made breakfast for
herself and Eduardo and she went to the
fridge got all the grades put out the
mats and the bowls you got to pull out
of the rifle and the grace okay so we
got some Smurfs last night in my house I
feel lattice crunch I think I just lost
Oh hehe got ketchup on the roof everyone
else is in bed asleep wish I was in bed
asleep
which can argue eight o'clock is a
pretty a pretty good lion situation for
a weekend hello everybody
moving again my little friendly mmmmmm
hello friendly is friend
it's okay you can be asleep it still
works
haha
and can you see the balloons big balloon
high then Sun and Moon oh goodness I
thought she was talking the way her
mouth moves in the media said something
it totally looked like Alessia spoke did
she smile she told her oh joy did this
morning when she's lying in the bed I
put my foot behind her and she kicked
off and pushed herself across the bed
most people ask me comments he said at
the bottom part which I had before
it was just this part I had this priced
it and then there they're like you put
that part up here to wipe rehearsal
thanks Brad friends I didn't know that
now we have our rules whatever on it so
Rob said I look a bit like a Jedi
so yeah appreciate that edge a Jedi was
you know Jedi holder hey why don't we
put some Nutella on mommy's boobies for
elect yeah what did not make it into
chocolate milk then yeah so I just did
in mini as nails on Eduardo toenails I'm
going to show them hey guy now mmm maybe
need some milk for a bit
ed why don't you want to show your toes
okay I'm sure you're told what kind of
did you get new they both picked exactly
what they wanted he wanted blue on his
toes I think because he knows that he's
going to like mess them up on his nails
because he wouldn't be able to like sit
still for that one look at me a hot mess
reason why I'm stuffing stuff in my face
that pump right now are always reading
hungry when I come okay it is lunchtime
I have my little friend here finally so
300 kgs helping to you do much never got
much she does a kitty okay what do you
want your bagel Oh
giggles salmon and cream cheese you saw
that coming huh
was when I see one her bagel first thing
learning is from Wow we're gonna need
some salmon cream cheese Wow and water
probably want to Newsweek on right gonna
say what I say seriously what is right
oh there's no true the left but you want
ham and cheese like Daddy yeah all right
what we go it okay Jackie with plenty of
old tuna and sweet corn but you know
what there's only so much I can make and
having cheese is a lot easier than in
the media okay so Eduardo sorry I liked
you but you know you sure you understand
you probably have kids of your own by
now huh little Raquel and Louie I'm
probably looking after what the weekends
well you and your partner person is that
what so we're not you're not half of
that one
what are your kids needs going to be how
many kids you're gonna have we'll use
will use this video ok how many first
off how many kids you have any kids I've
been to you boy oh cool ok faster and
it's gonna be fine it violet okay okay
the plunger the pansy when the next
dough and divide it and Rapunzel there
you go Rapunzel Biden and Rapunzel your
two daughters and your son's names are
yeah what Linda Miller and step on dark
board okay well um look at yourself in
the future and realize these and
apologize to yourself in the future
all right you guys put it in reverse put
it in reverse
no no reverse push it down push it all
the way to the end okay okay now luckily
like a wheel oh oh
do not run over a medium so do not run
over here you've got your wheel so oh I
all on hold on Thomas okay all right
move Adams here Sabrina and the kids
oh hey little fighter pilot look at that
look at these guys video Celestia sneers
off she's still asleep on me the worse
all day like Alex no workout hey bar
delicious then if you swear to God
backward
late you have to go inside - huh
this is dollar - tree pen oh my God look
how fat he grew up like I said I'm I'm
worried about
he was only alone he was only a little
thing I thought like she got you tiny I
come with you only a little thing you're
worried your feelings we got since it's
been a while
are you hungry yeah this is about Hank
you like is she crying this one yeah
surely quite a Nana Holger never cries
my holiday she likes this is a chance
sure so my choice of manly check to lie
ad oh yeah manly chest who were you were
you would you all know future son-in-law
yeah oh yeah okay okay okay
how is it okay now you've got to put it
place oh all right perfect
put the foot down put the foot down what
that was it well yeah the back open is
that I hope it
Oh
does it not look like the best whenever
can dad get onto it really for me for me
last year
all right
all of ours oh no I don't think it's
gonna fit you the door guys okay was
under three how many people rightly
right bring it back here bring it
no I got my kid oh my got it go for it
go all right this is the five-mile okay
ready
all right guys
okay present what did you get me guys
know what everyone said nothing Oh Mars
you got a talking Rex you looks bigger
doing this order to play to the top
concern Toy Story what do you think Adam
and Sabrina know well welcome to know I
remember when we were initially you
really wanted a guys oh yeah you wonder
for a minute Maria like I want that but
then you end up choosing yeah oh sorry
she's got a fighting one all right
everybody dinner's on the table
it is on the table then there's on the
table and there's on the table there's
on the table and there on the table and
there's understable
now I have slaved over this meal for you
take a seat
do you want to since the head you
already oldest you sit here you're the
second oldest play enough you sit over
there mister it is yummy you want a
bigger one what we have a problem dear
friends it's your friend Jonathan here
just calling to let you know that I
forgot to film more after we had dinner
yesterday and now I'm editing this video
I realized the mistake that I have made
hello Asia do you realize the state
click mistake that I have made so I
thought I would come on here and say
hello
also guys I'm going to stick in some
footage here of amelia reading she comes
back oh well done well done - snapchat
anyway I hope you enjoyed the video
friends I will do better to end the vlog
tomorrow till then I'll see you later
alright this is a sneak peek of Alessi's
outfit for tomorrow looking a little bit
fill it up it so they so say something
say something amazing get in the video
say something yeah a little ooh see you
there bye
you
