good morning again fine little things
friend can bring friends welcome
I don't do the lower Gators 22nd its
22nd of the fourth month of the best
year of your life how's that
how is the year coming along right away
we started this best year of your life
thing and to say our genuine Osnes
at the stars in this year I am close to
come along is it a mystery really so far
it's the first year of her life she's
just chilling here fast asleep if one
says other that says the kilos of
breakfast
what is to Olivia
the best thing about owning multiple
animals is sometimes just lie with them
and we just please regard feels like a
very dog's ass
they're so cute now right knew they ass
no ain't no Bayer Theodore this is here
Xena huh hello Nevaeh Livia of Alba
coxey's yank is probably down the end
their own in the place there's a cute
little baby head hold it up EB a new
little baby who is a good little baby
she has a baby acne which immediately
get to what okay I could be completely
wrong I can't really remember but I
don't think it worries together I think
it was just a media and I feel like
she's going to have Amelia skin like I
feel like student affair like media I
mean we know it's not like super fair
like she still does she does eventually
get a tan but it takes a lot longer than
Eduardo I feel like unless she was going
to be the same as her and I think her
hair is turning later as well I think
she might be a blondie so she might be a
blondie like Eduardo I know he's not
like super blonde but he's more
fair-haired Ventimiglia but have fair
skin like Emilio's so it'll be like a
nice mix but I don't know they changed
so much so I actually have no idea I
could be like eating my words like a
year's time she'll be like black hair
dark eyes but I don't think our eyes are
changing because eyes are really blue I
didn't I've already come up as well on
camera though can you guys see if you
open your eyes for a minute if you'd
open your eyes for a minute hold on oh
there we go there we go you don't look
very happy but
I understand your blue eyes anyway I
need to pump and feed you know I could
have been burning off like thousands of
calories here okay this better be worth
it just kidding okay look she's looking
for a feed and this is not the best
breastfeeding top to have to say but I
refuse to buy like any I feel like I
have to buy three different wardrobes
there's like a non-pregnant like normal
wardrobe a pregnancy wardrobe like a
maternity wardrobe and a postpartum
wardrobe no like no that's that's
ridiculous
so I'm wearing a lot of my pregnancy
things now and then just wearing like
loose tops that I can possibly
breastfeed with but they're not like
breastfeeding tops because I'm just sick
of buying like three different wardrobes
at a time like it's just ridiculous so
oh you're having some little money time
now hmm oh you're covering hair what's
going on Oh could you give me a smile
you can make it let me smile no hello oh
you just want for you don't you yes you
want to be okay let's have some food
let's do some milking as emini I would
say we're ready to go for a lunch but
luck that's a baby born one on happy
people be be born maybe that's been hide
or something but just that seems like
the right thing to say about this again
is Wireless uniform and stuff ready I
trust this one more like it oh it's
really really comfy and cozy for at home
but this one like because it's like it's
made there's no risk of me putting it
together somebody else do that and it is
who is qualified the qualified person
did last yeah and that's yeah hello
you know dead snug are you smoking a bug
in a rug
these a bug in a rug oh you were
you shopping at me me you show me mm-hmm
anyway we are going to go for lunch
everybody so get ready to go come on and
then we might go to the playground and
then Eric is getting our hair done I was
sort of you wonder what is the thing oh
it was dark with blurred eyes he Fanning
it all put away once the color
correction okay come on the baby okay
compress the baby you're going to see
repeat that's to see there you go now
get ready guys get ready where's your
shoes and your coat your hat and your
scarves and your snoring ah I know
oh hey hey hey lady with a baby or daddy
would have buddy hey oh come on okay
okay meal is not coming out and about
going for a walk in town huh it's that
one fighting anyways all right now come
on family of 20 I was like that was a
quick move this send it a sly move there
and there first you got to go and get
the uniform the last of the guardo's
uniform ready what
in here in here here it was really handy
okay
well the real flags up though is it
oh when did it why don't they
Oh Jonathan say ones that are day white
oh my made you think oh here's get your
labels done five six seven
thank you anything else to visit of the
day
hey all right more towards has been done
we're now heading to win them okay come
on let's catch oh yeah
go so he came to you Pete thanks Fred to
little Jeff
jessamy here and chef eduardo
i'm jonathan holding the baby if you
liked our Greggy governments in our
exact yeah and then after this Erica
soaring brightness like perfect yeah
we're going to go to the park
no my name is mister drange and I am
having a very nice time here in the
pizza hello it Wireless own your garden
looking a bottle of water look at a
bottle of water right now
hello what is our oh thank you very much
I'm very hungry
or your life will give me out Moochie
yeah hey Doc do we run into its little
George and you love to be sooo much
better
sounds very dramatic ice is actually a
door here look at your inquiry
I'm George's mom is here and you better
yeah we didn't arrive we're onto our
long drive
essentially looking around reapplying
recipe owner we look really good in life
so you better not be beating me wrong
time yeah alright we are calling this
operation PPS with a baby right now
let's hang Oh show me where he is
No show me where what's your mother's
what's in there what's in there another
pocket here
well you're keeping the appearance
secrets in there yeah let me show me
your effort is a white oh you look so
cool it's got roll of t-shirts leaves
are kind of a clams oh wow
well I'll tell you any method you got
cool jeans with a little rips you got
together shoes on you are a silent
little fella
oh oh sorry was a really your hair oh
sorry
anyway operation is going to be done we
are all everyone here is going to be
these oh it's gonna be amazing okay well
guys go up to 4 979 we're so close to
25k very excited I hope I hope I get
that moment that we roll over onto the
25k that will be fun I had fun don't you
do don't you - angel who can spot Eric
at the fastest he's gonna be the first
to sputter huh
life is like a trampoline
don't forget your eat your bean jumping
round to the ceiling on a trampoline
wardo take your leg and sing songs
okay trouble is the stage and we just
gonna sing songs is it water going to
sing songs in this oh come on let's go
disk rock so myself and Amelia are
chillin like villains are we children
like villains so we have come to the
vegetable patch oh no no the vegetable
patch Amelia we've just got ourselves
some fresh cucumbers turnips and bananas
is not correct what what yeah Bailey
happy meal time is that guys it was I we
asked didn't we ask for Smurfette
apparently guys McDonald's there was no
Smurfette okay this is our regular
McDonald's drive-thru they did their
best I get any to know what the name of
the places here that were asked but
anyway busy day
maybe gates maybe 70 hi Kimmy did but
they did they went searching has for a
summer fete in the Xavier oh and they
went searching but they just couldn't
find us and they said all the stuff
that's are gone okay so you're probably
going to have to get there boys
maybe another time it'll come to at a
shop for schmatta I'm going to take
corners grandpa do you know all the
other Smurfs and how do you know what
about Smurfs by the way or smells like
cool now again I am Smurfs and I grew up
give me some other Smurfs names that you
know it's not bad yeah grandpa Smurf
Yahoo love he's our buddy
Gargamel Gargamel
does he have a cache does he wear a
black cloak he's scary
under the bomb bushes under don't see
sustainability there's access a dude a
husband and I see tompa o speaking of
cars guys quick update exciting news my
car has been built by challenge I'm so
the car is built and it's been sent to
urban automotive and next week sometime
so I won't have the car next week
probably a week after or maybe next week
they can probably not read I gotta
upload
are you excited over that is new car
Patrick this car guys is going to have
Wi-Fi on board does that mean it's a car
with a Wi-Fi connection yeah this crazy
world's no also love 20.9 84 were so
close to 25 cars all right we are home
in the media did you actually get the
toy you wanted doing what they were
there they saw the story we went to
McDonald's we asked for the girls Smurfs
and they all searched around to find a
gross Smurf and we parked up and then
they came and we had Smurfette
we got Smurfette in the end I'm small
and the wire that's rough that too but
guys there's something here for you are
in whoever's the fastest is going to win
this I just won a free medium shake or
small fries so somebody go to the
website and put that in and you can win
you and you can get it
I don't know how what you have to do go
to there and enter that thing there go
do it
there's only one let's see one
