good morning and welcome to the 21st day
of the fourth month of the best year of
your life
now we must cost you Anna this morning
in the salon the smile because she
arrives in the car actually Oh in the
car because she forgot suddenly an intro
on the way so I forgot you never told me
she would in trouble
I'm going out to have to get my waxing
done and I feel really naked like I feel
like I'm forgetting something
but it's the baby because I'm going out
it's the first time I think that I'm
going out like properly going out by
myself with it the baby I think pretty
sure it is and I feel like when you just
have a baby you just feel like this kind
of like sense of attachment like I felt
really weird leaving her even though
she's just fast asleep she's fine I've
expressed a bottle and everything and
like obviously she's with Jonathan I
just hate it like I really really hate
it even if he takes her for like a while
- lon I can't deal like I just don't
like it I don't like being away from my
baby because she's only 3 weeks old but
I made this appointment ages ago and I
do need to get one like badly so oh and
I got my nails done yesterday and I got
New Genesis in a purple which I never
get it's like a lavender kind of like
eastery color but I love it I got my
toes done as well I took 3 hours almost
yesterday because we had to like hold
hold a lesbian and like Donna was
holding her we had to break for feedings
and stuff all right all right
censor so I got my waxing done and
everything was fine I was a tiny bit not
nervous but like I said I got stitches
and it's been three weeks but I looked
up online and it was like it's perfectly
safe we've had a natural delivery to go
and get waxed it's whatever you feel
comfortable with and once your bleeding
has like stopped or like - pretty much
stuff times when you're breastfeeding
the stomach is like contracting and then
sometimes I get a little bit
it's pretty much like I feel kind of
back to normal
alright this is the situation we are at
the drop off at the airport Alaska is
not impressed but we're looking for
Erica this place is like the the airport
police push you along all the time so
like come on Erica you can make it
because we gotta collect the kids in
school I know that's the I feel your
pain where we come into parks another be
easier she said she for the clark market
I think I think beautiful this kind of
parks like it where are you you got
afraid to cross the road standard
somewhere you guys but air to there
anywhere
okay this ladders not working out too
well
hopefully nobody come rarely do cars
will to have to get to school I question
okay we're on the ground level
wait a minute
family
what just throw it in
just leave it there's no time okay
you make it work the squishington fiddle
so we made it home from the airport and
Erica has gone to get her hair fixed
interesting what happened Oh grab your
hair you go up you throwing up tomorrow
oh oh she's right here oh yeah what did
they say doe
append a but it's going to be um
tomorrow because they have to attached
it oh yeah there's new guinea pigs so we
managed to cut the kids from school on
time as well
oh yeah she really messes like it oh my
god I just have to pivot it is you don't
poop within it
Ramona you explode your head let me who
he lay upon wake bazan oh no I but she
grown since morning you know look at
look at chubby cheeks right now she's so
much bigger than she was like when she
was born already okay
no she's so tiny but like did you do at
boo boo explosion it do you have the
macrophylla huh helps you in therapy as
a baby keep faces give me a smile give
me this file I saw the smile you got
yesterday I think I actually made the
thumbnail of today's episode you doing
so good
oh that's not what we ordered you wanted
to be with the movie I will go no boobys
allowed like a boob free zone
oh right so we're going to the
hairdresser's can I talk about your hair
or not yeah so Eric had a hair emergency
so we're going to bring us the
hairdresser's by I'll he's crying for
traumatic we'll be back in a minute why
we called ranch different hairdressers
and luckily we live in a town where
there's like 50 different hairdressers
so it was pretty actually not easy just
because people were like always needs to
attach tests first
but um basically she tried to use
something in her hair that turned it
like orange so we're going to try and
fix it now and Tony and guy said that
they might be able to fix it so we shall
see what happens and we will report back
any one of them which is the best one
this one because if you do that it does
you can do it
Oh what does this one do you hear the
little doors oh that one you know what
oh it's so fun oh cool well I'm gonna
take long to build this oh yeah I'll
show you how it feels I'm elated wait
wait we're going to drop them all in at
the same time wonder yeah that doesn't
have a stopper
ready one two three go
Wow Oh hahaha
oh cool huh
wow you're amazing high five but I just
cut five okay quite low five but I was
gonna do it yeah
under down below too slow
under down below please laughing you can
play this with me
guys and look at my car it looks
demanding oh my god it's embarrassing so
what's the verdict egg huh and I gotta
fix it he hasn't picked tomorrow
tomorrow they're gonna fix it and she
was really nice and I think it's going
to be fine oh okay no one's seeing my
hair so too long you can't see anything
and it's actually not as bad as she
thinks okay my roots are orange so I
look like a leprechaun it's really not
that much but she's gonna fix it
tomorrow and they're going to do a big
like do-over a job I think it's amazing
afterwards yeah
Jonathan has a question for the audience
Quadra the secret menu and how do you
find out about a secret menu we're
talking about yeah you do an event
to fight like what or have another
unicorn thingies the pathogen can like
seriously you need to go to course
you're filming my feet I have to show
you something though this is really
funny
and I'll share Erica's era no go ahead
your hair time on your hair if you can
do tomorrow no no no I need for nothing
Donna sent me this your photography
skills are second to none
no wonder Jonathan to solid tank this is
a photo that I saw a boss where Donna
lovely bag she's gonna take a picture
well I actually I think he put it up of
her with the baby and the baby in that
picture
no no we're not trying to switch off or
like lock her phone I'm instead of
locking it babies are you Hannah
McDonald about them and everyone does it
I just don't understand the point of a
secret menu like oh if I wanted to have
a romantic is like don't you have you
guys watch the secret to go to go
divisions everything yeah secret stick
around and know what else good idea what
yeah
what okay I'm gonna open a secret video
somewhere in the Internet Jack say you
have to try it sounds like a good idea
what anyway okay Thomas with you these
columns if you like a secret video they
would what did you don't look at you
doing work so quickly okay I literally
have to like like a game with you say
your frame sorry give to be there oh
okay yeah we're going in general are
here is almost a grown I think you've
almost a growler think why because it
proposes in there
tonight I shall finally start alright
kids on the bed I give a lefty on her BA
Oh a giant bat sometimes we did this
before dinner because it works well
because she gets camera stuff but today
was not one of runs organized days what
I actually have it's amazing here
good thing we actually paid the other
kids anymore shower them now
I would recommend this thing it also
comes off you can actually take this
part off here and becomes like just a
normal little thing but I bought it with
the stand because depending over like if
you have to bend over all the time who
is fine when I was a young lad put
Amelia no how's that my grandpa almost
are you ready for your first product but
we're using what's called a grudge kit
and chin my father genic certified
natural we should smell nice in case was
not a nourishing plant extracts this
tear free formularies baby skin and hair
cleanse and hydrate it oh one get
Clinton hydrated like that 20 pins and
ideas because my idea that she was about
so much you ready to be pens in my dress
yeah mom here let her take me what are
you little face Oh
ready think you can use your hands like
me doing it kinda hydrated a lot Harry
she does actually way more narratives
out of this expect immediate link bald
entities like but no last week super
aggressively
remember that little little seven Chin's
you got growing there don't drink the
water
hello friends I'm sorry I forgot to end
the video yesterday we raised the media
eduardo Alessia we ended up just going
to bed and falling asleep for 700 years
so I forgot that in the video what I
decided I would climb in here no no no
more I just want to use the only your
ears appeared in Aisha ears if there's
no I decided to climb into the dog cage
here I'm gonna call it cage t candidate
libel anyway hope you enjoyed the video
thanks for watching us thanks for being
friendly as friends thanks for being
amazing and leaving like some comments
and I hope you enjoyed rest of your day
or evening or good nice if it's the nice
and good morning if it's the morning and
I'll see you guys tomorrow is ever want
to take advice never want to say goodbye
anybody anybody link you mind does be
off what crazy Oh
