good morning and welcome to wait for it
fresh the 20th best day of the fourth
month of the best year of your life and
now we will continue with the start of
Anna's well
I am home alone with Alessia machine not
long they've got Alessia and I've got
six dogs with me so that's definitely
not alone she's in her little swing
which she doesn't like as much as my
other two I feel like she kind of
doesn't really love it I think all
babies are just different but she kind
of prefers to either be on me at the
moment either be on me or like in her
best in her Moses basket that's kind of
it and that's what she's asleep
but I need to make my breakfast see if I
pick you up I can't make my breakfast
that's a problem Oh put in my hair this
is why I can't get anything done
basically she just wants to be on me you
include mummy this isn't a very
comfortable to cut the hold on hello now
you cannot tell me that you're hungry
cuz you ate for a long time didn't you
thank you you just can't even smile all
right hi hi hi oh that was so cute I
don't know if you got that I don't know
if I was filming it properly
hi hello I love that's like my favorite
bit of like the newborn stage is when
they start smiling and like reacting to
you because in the very beginning they
obviously don't but like an event I
think about three or four weeks they
start like smiling and I love it I think
is the cutest thing ever
hmm hmm you look so cute
I'm going to try and make some breakfast
mommy is hungry because I was been
feeding and
feeding all night long so yeah I am
really hungry breastfeeding makes me
like ravenous so I need to eat and I
feel like part just the kind of thing
that will fill me up is that not right
and then you can get some courage to
through the booby milk well your lips
look at it look at co-chairs in there
you know is that nice and cozy in there
look at this hands-free parenting out I
could do anything right now
hello all right let's get some breakfast
then they go this is cool this is the
cool thing I'm glad I figured out I
didn't get I didn't give up when I
figure out how these things actually
works but a happier one coming today
anyway it is back up I didn't cancel it
it can actually edit whilst holding the
baby how amazing is this this has
changed everything this has changed our
lives this has changed our lives forever
what else can I do
I'm here at my meeting with Francesca
and easy I'm waiting for other people
fortunate I can let you stay you have to
wait outside of a plane it's just to
just go outside please it's a secret
Club well I like you I like your picture
I like your artwork you've chosen yeah
this is Francesca sighs all right sorry
guys you have this okay I'm sorry I did
I'll see you guys there okay
where are my children what you guys
having dirty time do you want to see
something really special are you a
prince you guys want to see something
really cool and special I'm gonna marry
mommy and you're gonna marry Melia
Eduardo I've got some news I already
married mummy there is something in this
bag okay all the Cureton it might be
come to the sitting room and I will show
you as you come tale
I'll come up and I'll show you this
after I do right here okay okay so we
can show our friends everything at
dinner because you guys don't work on a
super big project so I can't show you
what's in this bag because someone's in
there but be very excited we should do a
speaker I'm going to show me now I want
to see your reaction okay both of you
stand there guardo's backside Amelia
ah that's yeah it's your name oh these
are all blanket we've so many blankets
blankets and muslin cloth blanket and
then towel or child
what did you just bring it up why I just
unbox that out of a present that we just
got Oh God yeah how did this get up here
so quick I had that on this so right
there's some stuff for her room here
I'll go adding the glue clock would like
and then I look at the primary joggers
see so all our toys in front but there's
near to three months three months three
to six and six months because I didn't
know why I had like in what sizes and I
was scared that I would miss out I
almost did miss out there's two newborn
things how old could you use word as a
kid it's nine months usually you when
you're one yeah and then this is six
months this is three to six and these
you can put it right now this Amelia
have that one no never had one but yeah
we so the returns of things that like
and there was loads of baby product and
what else I didn't even go through this
one and see a lot more baby products
down there I like your bed big for her
she's only never remember living here
mm-hmm no it isn't actually her room
it's just where I keep Kristoff this is
no other room for it I got you love my
red I'm pretty sure she's going to be in
our bed until
move yeah I mentioned every room and
then you can put this on the door yeah
no we gotta get her a matching thing oh
yeah nose out mini and I do love me this
room yeah Oh towels you don't know we
were always like oh crap burn in hell
it's in the watch well we already have
like 25 of those divine but see we were
like missing out on stall stuff and then
I found these things for every yeah
together a patient like that of her I
stand me for Amelia which I hadn't even
seen before which were sent to us by a
brand device and how cute is that
oh it's like a cowboy kind of thing it's
so cute look at the back of it she's
obsessed with cats
she'd love oh that's a nice didn't that
cute star there look there's an SES
future shoes oh no oh I need to feed her
because I'm tall I'm getting my nails
done the first time since did you ever
date laughing at her oh yeah I got lots
done and then um look I found this set
she totally got a warning to him like
Easter yeah and I don't know I need to
find like an event for her to wear it to
because it's quite fancy and then this
is nobody invite us to an event so we
can have fancy events now there she's
actually got quite a few newborn little
sets because this is getting a bit like
the toy you know
yeah it's not really yet but I think
it's because it's been washed a few
times
well she feeds every five minutes it's
like a seeding machine that's why I'm so
tired I was off to get her nails done
wit Alessia have fun guys have fun in
there good
it's they could wear their seat away
I'll be Tina she got an outside back
probably not appropriate appropriations
okay
yes would arrive by the way by the way
bTW oh it's not in here but it was the
other carrier things going with the guy
honest that's why I bought it
Helena Helena manufacturer legal baby
sweet technologies you should I mean
don't be a leave in the dads out of us
alright son for dads dad's everywhere
United you know I should add you D
alright oh that seems like a nice and
will I get it as a dad boom-boom III dad
punch that there's this maybe I should
bring out my own one Jonathan baby
carriers in the corner Charlie's baby
carrier I'm telling you would you buy
what if I brought one of these and have
like a little picture of something on it
hey that's not a bad idea yeah yeah I'm
gonna watch why that is in the basement
yeah where did you get that I get you
try as it is that your crocodiles
mascara yeah how can you read - are you
hoping at home oh oh whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa okay Amelia you know you can
sort of shooting your daddy
okay so Anna is still out and amelia is
here where did you art out
is that fun is it a lot like I don't
know where do I even go okay excuse why
to go oh you got to was nothing you
don't need to put to put in the bullet
aria okay you guys shoot stuff in the
head don't cheat stuff in the head okay
okay no don't just oh it's one of your
dangers with that thing
give me that thing here now
children you ready what is for you oh
why do you talk to cut oh this is what
happens when Anna goes down and leaves
the children unsupervised yeah it's me
honey guess what no guys no that's guys
that's it that's a live weapon I mean
yeah I mean that's very close to be oh
you are a maniac now no Eduardo Eduardo
Eduardo do not just press the button
okay why are you gonna shoot me your
foot okay now Eduardo you need to know
don't point that no Eduardo Sammy
squirrel and we hedgehog and Marvin
never had all heard about the monster in
the fridge so Sammy squirrel shampoo
come out come out whatever you are you
won't scare us
it was a pack of rats there's a large
size no hood
it was the rats run before until you
with large or enjoy the monster in the
hood is grumbling and remedy and will
eat you up for dinner
so Henry Hedgehog shattered come out
come out wherever you are
you might scare a pack of rats but you
won't scare us then there a screech
go ahead
I'm not a sweat it was a cloud of bats
there's a monster whore run before it
drowns you would have huge shaggy hands
the monster and a hood is drumming in
the revelry and will eat you for dinner
you so Marvin mouth shouted come on
hello
how are you are you might scare a pack
of rats and a cloud of bats but you
won't scare up I love them they have a
squeal it's ready down Chop Suey this
big scary mout monster in the hood
grumbling robbery will eat you up for
dinner we all have to stay together
come on you might scare a pack rat and a
cloud of bat and a slaughter of cat but
you won't scare aah it is large orange
eyes just like rats and and you shaggy
oh just what and a big scary mouth just
like that but what it didn't
what a friend he doesn't have a friend
the rats the bats and the cat were all
wrong
the monster in the hardest kind he just
wanted somebody to play with like a real
one is very bad
but there was one Gila monster in the
hood one tooth at night I figured if
they came out here embarking wouldn't
wake the kids yeah I told you I'll feel
like since I've gone to school there's
he tired
yeah need to go to bed earlier how'd she
get on or color nails did you get less
yeah hide work boy she was everyone is
carrying her and holding her though yeah
like I had to hold her with one hand
oh no way just to feed her was just in
the nails ha ha ha see here peepees guys
what I thought you'd appreciate if you
got home and everyone's in bed and
everything yeah I made dinner for
yeah
Oh
I am
