good morning and welcome best day of the
Portland Johanna hi Amelia and why are
you out here having some breakfast we're
just having let Charlotte crunch we're
watching some spongebob around deep and
then that's going to operate in Japan
well I imagined my life was a grown up I
never taught learning how to put in a
ponytail or a pigtail will be one of
those obstacles I have to overcome turn
let me see let me see
looks good looks good yeah this braid
and nitty-gritty spray okay ready
unless you you don't even have your
school uniform on you're going to be
late we're gonna tell you what she's
looking at the toys and does he love
them get in your classroom Eduardo
there's a reception yeah right now you
know a baby sister
okay let's go let's go people why are
the water can put his hair up and the
school run is complete for another day
another day another dollar loan this a
bank a motion to go to school
Oh royal highness movies last yeah hello
Jim it's me oh boy Yankee Navy okay
Candace you so jittery she's good
oh no no Papa no oh hello
oh thank god I never noticed you
murdered a woman from your device sorry
Washington I'm the babba
I am the lava make yourself into a baby
or maybe they won't notice maybe there
was that can I have some of that a
little command
I'd love so much is a little soft it's a
little foamy milk you close a shirt okay
I don't know what you're talking about
I'm the father my name is ns yeah hello
that's a disgusting penso so badly she's
coming and I've started this new thing
where I'm going to try and do a running
challenge oh my goodness I'm so tired
it makes you so confused and everything
tightness is lightness like I'm supposed
to go for a run now look Lucy I'd love
to go for a sleep oh my goodness guys
look it's a little squirrel banning
across the garden you're so cute
so it's like if we basically have that
he's like our pet squirrel I know I'm
really sorry for Sabrina when we can get
a bike we can catch him jean-michel
what's the next people that live here oh
look at the oh oh look dude
this is here here that I later just to
disclaim I'm very tired okay hi I have a
bowl a cold flu virus
oh I'm snowman no this is real flu it's
something really up just worn out we're
gonna go do this we're going to try one
last one that actually interesting safe
didn't run it makes you have more energy
yeah even though I am dying I may die
okay okay I know first day I'm fine they
might even expect made I'm different
like my hat collaborating nipples I had
stitches down there yeah receive epz I
own eight nuts all day long yeah I don't
know
I suppose he's like I'm dying yeah okay
but men are like that when is why don't
get ill you think he was dying he's like
you guys don't understand it's hard you
don't understand media she has a goal
just kind of gets on with it yeah it's
called girl power
yeah we have qualities you're asking
guys up here in one three years and it's
our hero dog that I realize I'll be CEO
look you like to say excuse me one I
just fix my hair my little side pieces
are growing out we are off to collect
the kids I thought I tag along today
because I didn't actually experience it
yesterday and I really wanted to I
really miss like bringing them school
and collecting them and stuff but
obviously I've got a newborn baby that
needs me and but I just feel bad you
know do I have to see Eduardo because
they bring him do you need to do a
course in filming or something that
doesn't like you - for me I'm editing
and I was like hey guys want to show you
something and I know there was one glue
that I was watching the other day and I
was showing like immediate outfit and it
was like so here's the outfit like well
done like what was that like I under and
more of them I find this recovery more
difficult when he does oh he's not a
spring chicken is yeah I feel like
tomorrow I got skinny like so fast with
the media I was giving like the whole
time anyway
because I was just like 24 like whatever
well I actually look national runner now
but this time all I wanted to do is eat
because I'm so tired and I feel like
yeah losing like
brain releases this hormone when you're
tired which makes you feel like you're
hungry even when you're not I am hungry
anyway just because I'm breastfeeding
like I know that's part of it there's
nothing wrong with starting today with
Easter eggs enough no but I need you
like stop eating junk like that's the
bad stuff peanuts no any reason I always
like chocolate because I'm so tired of
like and I don't like do any own one
when so I don't even I don't do anything
like else I've you know to me that's
like my bite what is this how is this
even supposed to work wash in me hey
how's this promise this is definitely
the way this is what we're going for
how how like she yeah look this one
seems oh I had the color on this one
oh did I just I think this was more
Enoch Tennessee it was a best-seller I
was always I was drawn and we see it
does not look like it comes made um yeah
like I don't know actually huh I look
she to make it seem so easy oh you know
what oh and you guys watch the hundreds
good and you guys watch a new prison
break is it any good if your base off
shows that I watch very good oh wife's
world we're so rich what am i doing oh
my dear um okay well I get this one and
said I like the color of it so like a
picture of a person wearing it she's
quite her oh it looks it goes in the
front in the back look at this one and
there's even look to chose like the mom
holding a book BAM it shows a guy
holding it none of the others baby born
because this is the only look at the
bestseller well it's a best-seller but
like none of the other ones actually
showed that and looking happy they're
together
I want to be like them I want to be that
guy how complicated is this oh okay oh
she's got a light subject okay I think I
actually am actually but I watched the
tutorial video on their website and I
think this is basically it and then a
kid is just gonna pop in here and she's
not expect myself to be able to do that
but yeah looking at the Chris Gosselaar
front is that the criss cross on the
back
all I need is a baby I think it is
asleep I'm going to check because this
is a big cooler to be able to just like
holder and then eat your dinner and
stuff it us cuz you could just I could
just wear this could put a jumper over
this and then let's put this out in a
restaurant or something I'm just like
Clopper in see I think I figure that's
see how long do it yeah well um I did
order another different one because I
couldn't figure out I was getting
annoyed and I order prenatals well but
now I think I figured it out look I know
but look look I got the X in the back
and then the thing in the front which
I'd no way you did know your dude and I
want to pick it out I've seen a lot of
videos on them no she's asleep yeah you
could not really know if you just put a
little joke it looks like it's way like
a cool like trendy summer coat no kappa
this is really hot this is really hot
weather in yourself
hello i'm a genjou like severe cool
tread carefully careful hair oh that's
hot yeah really hot it's going to be a
ginger you wanna stay in China
dangerous going to be a gin to you any I
think it looks alright like good you can
see you there I just want to go on date
night no but you know it doesn't look it
looks something like you don't like I
have like a jumper over me you know
those guys that were like the jumpers
does it look like we should bring out
like Sakura Jolie much versions okay how
about that step outside right oh this is
me suddenly that if I got a whole unit
never again this is one meeting so you
want to go okay
I will say it is putting a little bit of
strain on it
not sure about three-year-olds but it is
still holding his hold you like this
right oh this comfy yeah
all right let's give Amelia a try all
right
did you okay well I suppose that's right
that's what o is your backside okay now
hold on daddy tight okay I'm going to
let go of my hands okay oh hey this
might work of Eduardo Eduardo plows my
back so I see you back I think you've
invented something new here he's kindly
on ya you're gonna like it here look at
this huh
the III do these camp for you guys do
you guys don't have to but look I think
I might cancel the other one this is
actually cool where else can I put in
here this could be useful like shopping
everything must go
uh-huh uh-huh everything must go
look she's not clearance should go oh
that's yeah what
Oh what seems to be the problem
so we taking the shutter okay oh wow
don't know Devon in it
that's bedroom and children's furniture
anything good in there okay if you have
the cookies we'll just flip in there
ooh not bad it look like she's got not
quiet now because we're walking a lot
clinging that's it I do soon walk
imagine someone would do like you I feel
like walking down the road and someone
just like stringing you along I'll be
kinda nice yeah it would be quite nice
can you do that make this we can take
turns each week today we're going to
call each other no we're not oh I don't
even know who I am anymore
I'm not awake for sure right and we pop
through Valentino's and as he would like
a bread roll to go to your milk
imagine red red rollin look what looks
kind of like a bed roll and I got I'm
sorry I gotta catch Ella again which I
always get and Alessia it's still on the
boob boob build another book it was a
quick one we're all ready to go back to
bed a bleak fighting of our lives Rd
says I s I get it I keep anyway okay
okay Oh what report so we made it back
from the date night and my little friend
is here when I opened up when I open
little friend she's actually quite
clearly that she's one of those baby
that just wants to be held looking
forward to trying out my I haven't
actually tried her on the thing because
when she woke up and then we went
straight out I never actually got a
chance to give you a little try on me I
don't have anything for you oh yeah so
many people sent me actual like links to
products like I know it was like have
you seen Meet the Fockers like of course
I've seen that movie but that's not a
real thing but then lots of people sent
me the links to Amazon and eBay and
soften like order shops we can actually
buy things but it wasn't like when I was
saying like you're not like like Meet
the Fockers like the actual brass thing
wasn't like that it was like some things
you could hold a but a lot of it was all
based in the u.s. that you couldn't
actually order here one of them was like
it has six beach waiting times like now
or you were to pour a joke is awful
small wow thanks so much for leaving all
the comments by the way on yesterday's
video the one that went up yesterday for
you it just went up today for me I was
reading to roll is really sweet where
you guys the same better parenting
skills you know was really nice
hello no no hello
all right I'm gonna go good night I'll
see you tomorrow
Oh
