good morning and welcome to the 80s best
day of the fourth month of the best year
of your life only only two jumpers guys
today is a very special day look at
everybody right red
you're twins genifique 12 you're going
to be twins Eduardo is off the big
school today everybody is off the big
school today
are you excited right now huh huh it
looks so cute in the uniform the two
years only tired
hey are you tired are you tired on your
first day oh my goodness
anyway this is a very important I'm
having a very emotional important moment
here this is a very important moment
than a very important Oh Mike you ladies
are in school now huh all right let's
get to breakfast any monkeys hey I'm
going to have a special moment if I
don't sunderland
Eduardo has his own the duardo has a
Superman it drinks one Amelia has a
princess one and look the two little
both legs this is our plop effects
lunchbox this is white as lunch in the
media's lunch oh my goodness I can't
believe you're opposing skill this is
just mad like both of our kids are you
know finish your lunch and you can have
a look at it
we've already seen it today let's
experience kill - today I'm going to be
a retirement home ok you guys better
look after me come visit me you're going
to visit you're gonna come visit me when
I'm when you when you put me in a
retirement home CEO what are you doing
it here in the execution oh my goodness
oh my goodness
relax are you ready for your school in
the duality mm-hm
huh for school want to don't you know
alright guys go
just dropped both kids to school that
was like so quick wasn't it it went
really fast and if writer was absolutely
fine I'm just like okay I'll see you
later okay he's just like the video is
it so happy to be that yeah I mean
showing him around the class and she I
think she had some she borrows a garden
was like I'm just over there if you need
me like call my cell his own name and
the board can normally he moves
immediately yeah his lunch box and
everything my I forgot something
oh yeah yeah he's like the learning
journal or sometimes like there's like a
sailor seal and he's like yeah almost
divorced before we held it together
it was the papers were I don't know
scared because like I wanted her to stay
asleep and she would have stayed asleep
but I mean I kept like interfering with
her which is night and it when she she's
really good with her but sometimes like
when she's assumed the kids going wake
her up which obviously is not very good
we still have one child left so we're
okay
first day of primary school then it'll
be a first day of second skill then it'd
be a first day of like sixth form or
first day of university yeah you know oh
and people kept saying like I noticed
before like oh it's not school its
nursery it's not nursery the school that
they go to starts at age three immediate
missed a year because we hadn't signed
our kids up anywhere because we moved
when she was like not even two and we
didn't know if we were going to stay
here anything so yeah this good they go
to starts on three so learners getting
more of the complete solution he's
getting the whole thing I mean she
missed a year of it Oh for an after
school run breakfast at Williams
Williams is the posh name for bills all
right let's go it's go time Anna you can
do it I believe in you
okay I don't know I can't give you any
hints let's see can you do it yourself
killing it I destroy its collapse it if
I tell you how many who show me this
part yet you wanna get involved this
button here well I think I yeah and just
like flip it forward like that and then
pull that I set up this hope it will be
in sunny now but it is freezing cold
well as there's the trick the trick I
think with the church I'll is that not
to forget the church out cuz he pulled
up when I was getting in the car I was
like four seconds flip yeah I got away
you may I'm gonna fast asleep
holy is be forbidden always on the
phone I sneak sleeping a little bit like
a smoke yeah it's because you've got on
the matching hat and the nightgown or
whatever such a little pocket turn that
imagine and close it out right but it
just had was just like time infinity
after milking when you're when you're
when you're all at a milk mom you want
to read you a story very exciting news
look at it just a up how long
have we been talking about us possible
Wagamama
yeah pasta water Mama's like red
Regina's our staff Elena's up guys
bachelors into a hairdressers or a
barbershop just remind you is like
little snails it goes like a snail jelly
I had a snail shell ask to us your push
attorney it's really nice things right
you know I'm a pretty nice and I just
something wrong with our dogs Co Co
oh my god I've never seen it before I
know I just Tyler them I was sure I was
expecting you know Jim's dogs last thing
we came here you reminded Jim sauce
that's what's thinking in my head
keeping your back I really want you
happy don't work don't do it ya know
know what you like to mean you can't
take them out of the problems me yeah
well she comes just before we go to bed
she shows up before us you know Nash
goes up the floor up and even quietly
thank you so cute this little black
thing looks like freaking her out
do you know what your daddy does for a
living huh oh no I tell you that what
well Anna is excited for the dog and
you're excited for the baby
we're gonna hip swap oh she's so cute
I don't you got her stitches oh no
babies for you what kind of a dog is
that
so cute that one
it's like a big Maltese yeah so yeah
we'll see
my temperament is incredibly must be
great having one dog Caroline brought
them it's so cute
oh my goodness oh you got one for me
oh look at it look so much a little boy
one it's like um different have you got
more time just in case so they didn't do
it
oh did you bigger than this you can pass
it on ya big yeah well he's different
the boy one we might just just have a
region so we just get em in one mate
look if you don't know more okay okay
cuz I'll be that out you know you are
human okay continue Oh mostly out of
water so no Nani
Oh wakey wakey eggs and Bakey huh she
won't even answer and see Caroline huh
she's probably gonna want to cuddle and
kiss you okay
so put your toothpaste on well that was
pretty cute you got your cute face on
yeah and one is also cuter or not you'd
answer
nope okay let's try this again
sorry by that mate alright guys either
gonna run there let me go down to what
have we got here
Oh what's wrong
and equally dear doll yeah well it's
changing Alessia and I put a water
bottle down looks just like looking at
it it's the most amazing can I see her
treat a water bottle no I don't think I
can use that cool huh
just get a changing nippon apps babies
hate when you change their nappies they
don't like us at all today
do you hmm there you go that's bottle of
water with all the child needs back on
the school run are you ready for the
scene okay no time for clapping Jonas
son John ah sadness push out of time
more like John a pale hmm I think I need
to get some sleep John a pale John a
pale was dry Jonah pale drink some ale
and woke up in the morning he had it
goodbye
we are home from school yes have you
you haven't got tears I mean if you have
tears no no one has tears doors interior
you know can't I have I have a few
little tears to be honest guys
indistinct yen what like in comments
about that these tears in the video no
okay guys look I want to tell you a
story make a you know that we since
we've had children making these videos
hey Becky
I can we get so much criticized about
raising our children about how we're
doing everything wrong
and you know it's really difficult to
either you know commons or the press or
like just people commenting just insane
and we've always worried about it myself
and I know because I love my kids I love
you guys I love you guys so much okay
give me your thanking people don't want
to get you traffic anyway
anyway so today when we got winning
media went to school and media one at
the start of her school year media won
one of the biggest awards and they were
told us that a media is an incredible
little person that we have got a really
good job raising her I'm just like you
today everybody I wanted all my toys I
had not all of them and then I had a lot
I had my a hundred twenty thousand and
all the children in my class wanted
sense I said all the other toys and
there was only one left for me cuz
you're such a good girl and today when I
collected it while the head of that
whole school thing came over to me and
she's like Eduardo is an amazing little
guy and she's like you guys I'm just
done such a really good job right here
kids idolize I'm crying now because I'm
probably just sleep-deprived but it's
just so nice to hear because we hear so
much negativity about raising our
children and we get so much crap about
it and I just I'm trying to do the right
thing and if she just had you just like
mom you guys have done a really good job
Eduardo is an amazing kid just like
Amelia so I'm better than oh my goodness
so I may just be sleep-deprived I'm so
emotional right now and I just wanted to
share that with you guys cuz that was
not what a nice thing she no idea what
she said to me you know but that meant
so much to just get some sort of like
yeah someone just saying we're doing
good
we're doing good we try so hard to
divide by you I love you guys so much
you know that I love you more than me I
love you more than anything
you made my whole life complete you've
made my whole life matter you know
before I had you guys I feel like my
life is just pointless and ocean so
proud you know what else happened Amelia
okay Amelia went to her teachers and
they had to call Eduardo class because
Amelia wanted to know how he was
why did well because line doesn't have a
sticker so mine does not
maybe mine doesn't have an air bag or
something I'm not really sure that's
called Alcantara it feels nice isn't it
functional La Cantera yeah but anyway I
don't want to share it with you guys
okay I gotta count on it at now lucky
you all cooking hey guess what when I go
is going to go inside and see Daisy and
puppies mommy she bought her doggy about
my strong hug I'll get your stick
you
