good morning and welcome to 17th day
I'll go for 9/4 months that mommy keeps
a third one of the best year of your
life we are at a birthday party
yeah that's your mommy aren't here where
are you going quite calm down aren't
going to go now guys are you going to go
patiently disrupt a party that's like a
pirate trip here as like an actual
pirate ship again yeah the firegem I
need a bouncy castle now we have
presents now this is a boy and a girl
party party right Oh where's your
present cards where two cards Oh Scott
neighbors yeah okay well let's go to the
party guys let's go mad let's go crazy
alright let's get rolling system and
then we go home you can just sleep the
whole time
how about that plan
don't fall off
do you want to go to the magician if you
guys want to go through magician then
scoffs why do you want to go to bed
scapula media
all right next all you don't need your
shoes you don't need your shoes leave
your shoes there go all right high five
you can come into the bouncy castles
only when it's our own party what oh my
goodness
now make sure to run it all out so you
go three there you go and then I'm going
to make lots and lots more for that far
apart
you ready it is in a bottle
oh alright we are finished to the party
with the party good guys and Mina how
many cakes of Juiz plane three case yep
we got it we got some cake to bring home
as well
alright let's go home back to your less
en mommy we got we got more cake what
that's okay that's okay come on and
Amelia went inside a bubble to go inside
a bubble last time was here you would
Jessica went to bowl together did you
guys have fun at the party
yeah how much fun did you get a big
slide yeah we did I was too much child
on his eyelids as well football and I
had so much cloud look like that look
good does it was my class Caucasian that
coalified funny how did you go inside of
thinking you know let's get the time one
time make what my might ever one lemon
was over like inside the bubble whoa did
you float away and we're back at home
with the baby
bless you you messed a cake in party you
could have gone inside a bubble
it could be into boy into bubble yeah
would you guys get off the hall where we
got sad and slapped fed and slept which
I was feeding and sleeping that would be
an epic aw what hairy nipples
aren't sore my nipples are oh yeah oh
the dose that was the reason I went to
the party go anyway guys because I don't
have the boobs I should get her breast
implants I should get a breast I should
had a breast implant
wait like with some sort of like much oh
my god imagine it was like a suit right
I know I'm going to say this then
someone's going to say Mike Jonathan
send me links to this thing probably
exist right but like it's like a suit
thing that a man wears right so you pump
the milk right and
then you pour it into this like silicon
breast and then I wear it and everything
always pretty rescuing okay but that is
crazy but then I wear the thing with the
silicone breasts here and the milk comes
out of it for that yeah I can like I can
breastfeed or bottle oh oh oh yeah take
a breath by now
yeah but imagine one thing you could
like put on and then I kid know I could
have to defeating there what it's real
but you do get the feeling from the
bottle feeding yeah yeah a little bit
but it's not it's not it's not the same
as like actually after you know know
what I said I mean imagine you can have
like and some sort of a like right now I
look at her looking at us she gave me a
huge smile and Audigy imagine right now
I had like a fake breast and she was
like you know I think they should do
that formation about better exists
better exists that's your challenge guys
send me tweet me links to that device
and I will buy one and I will wear one
and I will give you an update see what
Paterna mean imagine like there was a
thing like that I don't know if I know
what destruction has been implemented
dance there's matter they're full of
chocolates and kpn so what did they get
chocolate every time you look at the
media she had a new cake she trusted you
cake her and Jessica but they followed
the birthday cake inside look at watch
it isn't like holes it has to go like
just kick you yes there's nobody in his
word of loss of shoe but it was always
did you get here that wait this yeah
subscribe it
hey did you get in here
oh I'm checking in here unless yeah when
did you come into daddy's office did you
did you write crawl that all the way in
yourself or something
did you write fit there was some
vacuuming going on I was working away
there I wasn't paying attention and I
looked up and I just notice that I had
them drag the thing in that's cool
actually it's not well this is actually
the center mass and you know the angel
care sensor my thing which is underneath
here which model hurts her it comes with
this little conduit system which is nice
for the floor hello there
oh there hello there the VAR son's name
was G lucky would say 3G I think of
every night and look at it isn't 3e a TV
channel now in artist well I think that
every night yeah look how dark it is in
here I hate those lights look at this it
looks like it's the middle of the night
guys
now it's the perfect lovely daytime it
just got really dark it's like a time
machine
oh yeah another baby's in the middle of
the road time need a wife
why did your wife put them into your
hand put that marker they are you
allowed pair of markers did she whoa
Amelia what's this where they drilled
with markers on the table
won't we didn't we talk about markers Oh
a ladder jewels on the table answers
want a mission so I'm trying to paint up
what you think's going to happen
except yeah markers medium noted where
does not have much all right that he's
going to try and sort this s well
tomorrow's school time guys see we like
how she did this and that many wipes
later and we have cleaned this boy oh
boy
huh look what's happened here as well
there's some sort of a school class
Eduardo
where are you going tomorrow Eduardo is
going to school tomorrow guys so you
need I don't so from today
hey look look Oh clean just in time oh
my goodness
alright guys guys guys seven o'clock
let's go
big day tomorrow for everybody big day
for this little man biggest day of your
life yeah so let's go steal quick tidy
Amelia Amelia
school's over bring all your bring all
your pupils back to their houses yeah
bring your pupils like students
hi didn't give them a bag before you
have your dinner and they say asleep
it's amazing how much you're actually
taking the toy
hello friends it's quite late and Amelia
still awaits the partisan bed though I
really wanted to help mommy with less
yeah so she's still away too but Amelia
are you excited to have a little brother
in the same school yeah I'm so excited
and I will show you how I will help
daddy
fill out the outfit oh yes there's going
to be outfits in the morning but
sometimes they look very similar dante
and get like the same yeah they
basically are wearing the same uniform
in the morning time now how they know
the difference because I see the other
thing small from here and I won't fix
for my puppets so Eduardo socks are
small yeah yeah t-shirt is that smaller
slower and socks law and the luggage
launder socks
Oh jumpers the same ah yeah so it's
basically the same jumper the same
leggings the same top to same socks you
guys are gonna be like when they'll be
like they're gonna be twins
yeah I mean like somebody might mistake
in you guys for twins that game expect
old like smaller than mine look cuz I'm
bigger
what do you want to do when you see him
is kill if you see him across the
playground what are you going to do I'm
gonna weigh the lvl away video I get it
and then oh ask oh oh so that's why the
defense from the blue sense to him and
face teacher and say to Adam Acura
teacher to say if I can go in the big
player yet to go lay the fence next to a
fence so I can see my friend every enter
yeah yeah again if he gets scared
sometimes he might get scared he's only
a little boy that's his first day in
school in big school he's being nursery
for it well no but one I live in this
but when other people moving in school
Sunday the first day the live in new
school like the first area lived in
kindergarten knows you got scared and
very old you for the first day your mom
and dad
time for us as we think and then that
second - you don't set your money in
that is when I stop reception everybody
scared like what was everybody scared
one when they go and move in - rascal
like when I live in reception I'm going
to be scared everybody skylander has
that first time in it but what you do
when you're scared
ah no mommy and daddy's console as we
fit in your school when you're when
you're sad well when you're when you're
scared do you think to yourself I'm
going to be brave and I'm going to get
through this
yeah for the next day the next day you
might be tired sad yeah but not to scare
off because this rest day you tried out
with me and after a couple of days you
might be scared at all yeah yeah
walk me yeah all right all the kids are
asleep
Alessia is currently asleep as well she
remember that time this is like years
ago when we were downstairs think it was
like you were pregnant with Eduardo and
we heard a baby crying in the monitor
because sometimes the monitor we have
been like a big estate so there's like
hundreds of houses there and someone
else obviously has the same units as
when we picked up and their baby crying
you're like why is her baby there were
sometimes you'd hear like her like
singing to her child and like take a
night I have to go to like oh my
goodness can you imagine if the haired
like you don't need it
crazy I don't think it was happening or
not well I just no one lives close look
close this is quite a large property but
it was a big estate like hundreds of
houses so the odds are that someone else
is going to have an angel carriers big
banner bring you many kids are sleeps
all the mystery hum believe all right
kids go to school tomorrow we should
drop Alessio so I'll have the peanuts i
won good night friends I'll see you
tomorrow will you see the stuff
oh the first school run in a long time I
know fell back so I'll go tomorrow I
mean all the English we may not all tree
kids you've got the lunch is made and
everything the two uniforms out
Oh
