get my friends for our today's video we
talk about something talk about a big
problem I get kicked out of my bed every
morning
you guys come downstairs and you throw
me out of my bed huh
but I do not let in the bed anymore give
me tomorrow sleep in your bed yeah I
mean your attic Oh beeping is wired out
bad
whose bed can I sleep in three parts I
did this last in the glass
well if I can I have your iPad and
that's yeah where can I sleep can I
sleep in your bed good what's up good
luck with that
every morning guys at about 6:00 or
something I'm throwing at my own house
oh well I'm making it's done I'm making
a stand today oh did I just push your
iPod
well you push maniman boy oi get your
bum off there ah no no no daddy's have
rights too you know
daddy's a break
good morning welcome to the 15th
birthday of the fourth year of yours is
your name what's your name oh yeah why
are your policy purpose tuna for me my
daddy ain't enough for me economic my
family goes for you and go for me that's
the way it's supposed to be Johnny broke
across so we'll put the blame on me to
my papa
I told my mama my mama told my teacher
and my teacher said who asked after to
trust God took the gold travel on please
oh well burn I'm so good Amelia if you
higher than houses and buildings and
Queens much higher than birthday for the
dinosaurs Tom Needham rumbling it is
hard to love lon then he looked at his
watch nanny looks all around for dinos
blender whirring me starting to type the
letter package back at home on the
planet yeah I was being your man
Anna she used to own eggs
no no no no I didn't want those eggs ah
this egg can you poach the side for me
please oh oh did you imagine a poached
egg although it will be other Elly
Wilson just tweeted me a picture of
chocolate hot cross buns and I was like
what printer and a new day existed the
whole time but the question is would you
then put Nutella on the baby what we
probably still put Nutella honors brandy
Dirr and Eminem this remedy every wall
is crossed what ever Bri us had a cross
on it then would become a trust one is
it hot as well I was it the cracks one
you can have the cracked one it's okay
you can either come on he joking I did
get the crack one last week in Paris for
last night Alessia we gotta let's get
into her bed it was amazing and finally
clattered and she stepped like for like
very like I don't know half done till
like 3:00 or 4:00 in the morning but
then of course or the whole point of
doing that was so that we would get some
sleep but then you just end up staying
awake all night long worrying about her
so it didn't work out very well
Oh was it a good one but it was amazing
that's the best he's done so far we've
been doing naps lately and she's been
taking knocks very well but then last
night we took it to the next level we
took it to the next level and you slept
in your bed did you sleep in your bed
did you sleep in your bed did you let me
shake your hand
congratulations can you punch it you
punch it I'll high-five it I put you to
high-five it oh did you just fire I find
me I think you might have I also still
dinner all over a head last night
self and Amelia are going to give Alexia
back you mean it's going to read her
story what are you reading her Rudy's
cupcakes does not satellite be nicer
okay mm-hmm fill in the box
where's it is come on a tour come on the
tour you lay in there
what oh is it
did you show herself Oh where's she
going um excuse me
there should be no rolling over
carefully me I mean I know she's always
rolling over you're not even scared I
have a squirting worm but you're not
supposed to roll over that's here for
like a few more weeks okay okay no
that's yeah Alessia did we know rolling
over Amelia she's so little swimmer
she's a squirmer did she do gymnastics
she's trying to do gymnastics at one
time children I can't he wanted to touch
it because it's very good slide CG she's
a little squirmer look at her she's
determined she's got that deep
determination that's for sure all right
now don't roll over while I'm gone
when will be will be an apology
what just happened
yeah you know mommy's asleep wait
Alessia
daddy's outside where Melia Vesna guardo
hadn't Alby co new visa BAE up younger
Cena and a trampoline and being what she
fires you find a bean oh so we're almost
at the end of midterm Amelia Wow are you
excited to go back to school huh
what you excited to go back to school
yeah do your friends again and wires go
to school for first time I'm gonna be
madness for I knew where to get some
structure I want my song hello is it's
good
gonna be a whole letter boy what you
look you parents in all fairness oh I
as crazy as this half-term experience
with the new baby a new case is being
I'm gonna miss it I think I'm gonna miss
it when they go back to school
oh thank you you said your teeth you
know to me that's like it'll be like a
whole lot easier to manage
Alessia and I'm working for that yeah
what I do to monkeys around but then it
kind of reminded me of why I have kids
that fun with them and just show them
and like I was playing catch all morning
with Eduardo I was doing colouring with
media who's watching bees fire in the
kitchen what
there is just one there look and the
blue when I dropped him off to school on
Monday morning when we come back here
and she's so much peace and quiet and
I'll be able to get lots of things done
and I was just like we kind of did
factor in those are kind of maternity
leave in a way I love the work there's a
lot of things that I work on I kind of
like said to everybody else I look or
taking the kind of half-term it's like a
maternity leave situation where I don't
think Anna's really uploaded any videos
I'll put the Kony jewelry's up every day
because your are my besties but apart
from that I haven't really been doing
that much other stuff so there's lots of
backlogs as we build an upsell not one
they would Tuesday is like the first day
back to work we are ready to rock and
roll
are you later rock and roll people
no classy laughs Oh push that be friends
do you remember just before the baby
arrived I was down to two cups of coffee
a day and no chocolate well guess what
I'm are you yeah yeah you're that we are
dancer way more you were I can't show
animation she's breastfeeding right now
I'm sure 100 non breasty way there's a
breath there's breasts and babies in
there okay but seriously like I'm on now
one's like six or seven coffee today
there's a lot enough and love I've
decided I'm on I'm not just for Easter
I'm on an Easter egg a day was yesterday
i H the Yorkie Easter egg thingy and I'm
gonna have a Snickers today I'm getting
a hunger to heave-ho heave-ho friends
maybe tomorrow a Cadbury's one but let's
not ask you what is your preferred
method we're also watching as a new
season of 24 it's on you can get an
Amazon okay she looks very upset with me
but it's a different shirt happier now
you may just cracked it open so I don't
know if it's clear enough but if this is
my way right take it out go what okay
ready right you go hey it didn't work
here you gotta find the edge ready oh
but then but then you're left all the
quit you see I'm going to come with a
little bit no guys like hmm oh well you
try to melt the trialed hmm hmm
leaving comments with your preferred
method for eating in Easter Egg is very
special in this room inside of August so
crappin slow or short today what I'm so
rekt guys last night was it was great
that Alessi got sleep in her bed for so
long but we just did not sleep at all
whirring in there three hours you know
what it's amazing it's a start it's
progress
yeah it's progress oh yes I also I read
a comment super talking my humidifiers
by ordering humidifiers coming tomorrow
so I'm hoping it's going to help her
with her her congestion himself as well
and as the Easter Bunny's coming
tomorrow so it's going to move very
excited we've got these little ad basket
things for the kids to go catch the
Easter eggs and stuff I don't even know
what I'm saying anymore I know I'm very
cute from I've lost I've lost myself
alright thanks for watching today's
video friends and being friendly as
friends and I will see you tomorrow
leave like some comments and favorites
and come back tomorrow for an Easter egg
hunt
yeah
