welcome to the 15th birthday of your
life
good morning and welcome I'm to Obama
tuna I love a cheetah blood nigga if you
ever set up YouTube cell you need to
call a bar macchina I involved you know
what you know what guys that's very
clever cuz vomit Chino would be the
masculine with ending with an O and
vomit Sheena I would be the feminine all
right well anyway tell our friends have
been really interesting you are what's
the most interesting sounds like kicking
ha ok I mainly at your turn
tell our friends what is the most
interesting facts you know public yes
yeah five what no it's supposed to be as
a factual entertainment tell them no
we're not rolling daddy anywhere what up
no guys oh hi hi sorry for that
interruption anyway I'm not really sure
what's gonna guys we're not what are you
as excited as I am for you to go to buy
school next week are you huh you gonna
go back to school and you bring in your
brother wait you are you learn the
fastest why do you look at requiring to
say that know what I never be in
reception when teasing came to cook yeah
I know but next next week he's going to
be in a little school and you're gonna
be in the little school you guys have to
look out for each other okay
well ya know if you see him be beaten up
in the playground she was to come to his
rescue
if someone should steal his pocket money
he's to come over and take my chena
okay that's gonna be your job and if you
see any girls talking to him you say hey
what's your business with my brother
okay yeah
what you are gonna say it are you a
ladder
Eduardo if you see any noisy boys
talking familia what you do oh here on
his face no fly again you'll fire them
Goku on his face you say what's your
watch your intentions with my sister you
need a letter hey guys I'm trying to
give you a very important life lessons
here oh okay
I don't like the way this light ends
please so going to slide this is the
catwalk oh my game look at this guy's
there is a bird and the squirrel trying
to get the same food thing at the school
of Alice well all the video squirrels
dropping them for the bird is that the
little this is the federal system if I
let you guys out you will chase the
birds and the squirrels that wouldn't be
nice hmm-hmm-hmm-hmm
hello Alexia hey wait is that Russian
are you excited for Easter
do you know what Easter Egg you're
getting guys
you're not getting any strikes that's
correct Eduardo you're not getting any
strike oh yeah you are
mommy's getting a pink one how do you
know about this man not fasting so what
what ain't what chocolate egg is daddy
getting there you are oh really
do you remember that I was a your key
card someone sent me a few of us like
five years ago you can't get it I'm
never fetus this hot yeah well I've
never seen it again no real ignitions
actually member to actual car it was a
your key card a completely chocolate
hollows car the truck is like get two
bars an egg this is an actual your cue
somebody must remember from the value
Murray went around to like Tesco and
cousin Margaret little a Tesco and Duns
who's in Ireland years and years ago I
can never find it again and leave
comments what Easter Egg you would like
this year and maybe if you leave the
common laws of attraction will bring
that egg to you you never know what if
you want me a pink a pink one so any
brands as long as it's pink oh I'm off
the hook
lassie would like am a breast milk egg
much it made it like in the inside it's
just like yeah we're gonna suck an egg
so they're not really they're divine oh
yeah that's that is definitely my
favorite shock right now guys this and
all thoughts onto what I really like but
em this one here so I don't know if you
guys do an egg or these guys here
look reasons actually a giant chocolate
raisin will be pretty cool
you guys want to go ahead price are you
going to behave yourself Bordeaux
what are you doing what are you doing
huh why are you both getting when a
monkey's come here to me why are you
wearing goggles why are you wearing a
nothing Jamie is bringing NAAFI here
engine troubles me and I had a nice
Beauty and the Beast joke to make there
I almost years getting the cider and I
was like yeah you're the Beast in the
scenario only kidding you're the beauty
the baby I'm gonna for you today like
you guys do fashion shows do you have
their time oh nice move boy turn looking
I'm also learning a baby whoa oh I'll
come and it'll shortly I am watching it
oh he's taking the suspenders up holy
taking it to the next level folks ha ha
we've never seen this before oh you girl
1 now uh who who are you
yeah also I'm having our dog
topi cheese oriented on chubby cheeks
chubby chaser
guys listen today silky Ellen add this
are just about start and this drawing
time we had this on is forgotten you
guys we are inside the boat we're inside
the clubhouse both hit play 490 we've
been trapped in here - since last time
you saw this in a social markets tell me
come this always got away
Oh Oh No
okay back inside a room back inside
thank you very distressing
hi guys it's day 970 we've lost Eduardo
we have to keep him oh my goodness we
founded window hi guys
he's day 995 I've lost everybody except
for the feral dogs I'm all alone now I'm
all alone now I know everybody is how
many hours have passed since we've loved
laugh that's good guys look at this look
how brave for me I can't help raise me
over here much less use upstairs in her
bed asleep now
the camera does move to work which is in
develop a cheating right now so you
can't see anything but
this is the start of our freedom freedom
oh yeah well I just get some of the
youtubes
and they go no peeking no peeking
allowed no I'm just gonna get in here
no peeking okay
Co you let me know if they peek no
peeking allowed no where oh oh boy
are you peeking yeah a couple of things
came in from the video box today hmm
closer view of what we're dealing with
here
oh boy that's handy
there you go
well let's have a look okay so whoa
that's heavy baby back time sat for you
know okay was it Guinness World Records
what Guinness World Records 2017 did I
make it world record they want me to
break record friends look at these guys
imagine we were into Guinness Book of
Records we need to find a reason all
right guys leave comments figure out a
reason why we can get in today so must
be there must be something we've done
being vlogging for seven years I watched
the broken subtitle record hmm
okay how about see how fast they can eat
all of these chocolate pudding for Less
yeah where's my one broken one in white
oh oh sorry it's late this is latest
ones late Oh for me
sorry mainly I got one for last yeah it
feels like alessia's is winning it this
week guys but next week you're going to
be loads of presents for you guys okay
no there will be one present in here for
you I know there will be severe Amazon
for the kids and it's gonna be all weak
eyes did you want men hydrous 100% sis
yeah is that good it comes with a
matching deodorant whoo and his word oh
look some stretch mark l know the way
you're always stretching your marks guys
you need a ceramic straightening brush
you know it's a top with a shark on it
yeah look isn't that cool can I interest
you into the Guinness World Record
chocolate egg I can't get your minds
editor take one pass it on take one pass
it on now are we happy now we have we
thank you we say thank you Guinness
world record and say daddy's gonna have
a world record next year exactly wait a
second I'm just part of one what's the
world record for carrying children down
the stairs while vlogging I have got the
world record on that come on Ike you bet
I can carry to create them down the
stairs well what are some crazy ones
tomorrow I'm gonna big picture turn it
but I have one it is what I have on them
from day Amelia we're going to break
World Records we're going to have kid
lured trackers to Jonathan and I merely
Eduardo Alessia watch other videos in
wise Beach and I've been following you
guys your amazing journey right from the
beginning I would love to congratulate
you in your trials you just did and she
got a present for last able you can open
it you can open it together as a team
you can be a team opener what if you got
what is it what is it guys what is it
yeah not right now though when she gets
up from her nap
oh this white Oh truffles and chocolates
ready found did you turn off the Disney
toys oh my goodness guys check this out
look at this
it's a onesie for last yeah but look
it's a little stand up to cancer onesie
I'm not really cute that's so cool no
when I got back from college I caught my
mom watching your videos in the very
beginning watch your videos has helped
me through some really hard times but
your mom is watching the videos you've
been caught mom you've been caught mom
like it is I recently got to your tires
and followers on my main Saucony jewelry
fan page Instagram underscore I love
ciccone chorizo it's so happy I even
brought cakes in the school of celebrate
ah
thanks Harriet we're on when your vlogs
enjoy some chocolate represent you with
the best German chocolates we've ever
tasted
I think if these guys here so we will
feedback if they are the best chocolates
ever you are know having what's wrong
wardo
Amelia's gonna do it Amin is gonna do it
just somebody is calling me huh are you
waking up little school
oh we go oh we go huh
wakey-wakey huh oh you're congested
color not the congestion stuff hello
what a messy hey guess what you want
lots of stuff in the p.o box but nice
little outfit yeah yeah you got so many
things oh I forgot the alarm light I see
you tomorrow
you
