points here yeah ordered up Lola
oh it declares a group rejected by the
food today good morning and welcome to
the 11th best day of the fourth month of
the best year of your life
is it of your life I hear the whole gang
or hear or speech in our bed hmm
no I'm a-gonna tak that was a rough one
as it was every two hours we were awake
then all of a sudden one of those
awaking things turned into a mourning
time so it's like I don't feel like it's
the fourth day I feel like it's been one
continuous days since you were born
one continuous day huh what about you
what about you what have you got to say
for yourself what have you got to say
surely what about you what have you got
to save yourself I was torn added about
I had a spot Hana's over there getting
the old makeup done not too cheap me
neither kid you're so beautiful how she
can't talk yeah ChaCha - they're so
delicious so called me scrumptious
listen Turner how's it going - how's it
going you're like a week old
well a week in a bit now I was like how
are you enjoying this world we seen
anything mad sure if we've learned that
you live with six order free humans that
walk in four legs then you've got this
human and then this human
and then you've got some mom that feeds
you and then it was sabath dad
hmm you thinking how's life treating you
so far you should tell people about that
thing you're using whatever you can
actually talk again well yeah and I got
this thing under orders call but it's
like this nipple shield or something the
nipple shield literally it is like
pretty much fixer so if anyone's having
difficulty feeding a new baby amazing it
is ok this service look at it I was
there even a smile
what's a smile do like I wanna be
careful ok you finished you finished
well ok oh yes today I've got a new
crystal crash ha ha my daddy was me okay
- hello Leonard
Allah adoption Astra yes and we are
proud to spike up a spin crabber today I
feel and I'm aa pink sign up pink and I
got this and why it's driving you how
could I get $80 it translated out the
motor well enough Turnbull you want a
school to like audience little high no
that's why I'm a dad oh come on
so the local health nurse person just
came and gave everyone the all-clear all
right we'll get the all-clear
gyah all clear meanie I mean I was
watching great in Judaism huh turning on
your bike you saw a snake away monkey I
was worried about the congestion but I
the congestion charges that I got for
driving to in London ha ha and the
congestion that she was having what she
said is completely normal it should last
a couple of weeks almost freaked out
yesterday I forgot about all that when
you have 20 Avenue one how many times
you freak out and almost call in an air
ambulance because your baby has a cost
yeah I know how to protect yourself so
much
Quintanilla now now I know okay well
your hands honours depress the two bits
the red bit on either side yeah yeah
it's a working no no polish you don't
make a funny face I do hello there were
some questions around my ability to some
wood seeing my two hands there's no
trick guys okay I grew a third hand so
if I want to block with my turn hand it
just comes up like this and it just kind
of starts blocking for me you know it's
pretty simple I doesn't everybody have
three hands
I think she's eating me
are you eating me is that your plan
because your plan to eat me I thinking
plans to eat me yes
I'm so glad that a nurse is over today
she's able to put my mind at ease about
the ass
congestion self because I was really
getting worried about it sometimes like
she wake up and she'd be just like
confidence cousin it would sound like
she can't read at all
I was like oh my godness was something
all emotions like pneumonia or a bola or
something attends that she doesn't turn
side she's alright huh
alright look at her you look like you
have red hair and a red face you look
fairly Irish me whatever he's crying for
a while she gets all red-faced but
listen this angle here look at you huh
finish it yellow cheese prenatal or hmm
will be funny one of our kids it right
here I do like a little right I don't
know if you can tell but I have quite a
run hair and when I say see sometimes I
blame you mom me or watch it even your
big red Irish head on it huh my actual
Irish name my mom's cider family's me
happiness or half or none I think I'd be
a happenin and then not only me - and so
they're masculine and feminine version
of the legends and then outside the
family is Casey so much more like to
have fun Heffernan Casey's Casey
acronyms I'll say yeah Ciccone Jo is is
Casey a Berlin's Weisse you go Katie
Hamlin's toric and on yeah
hey guys it's Anna here I'm just a
pairing meal for Jonathan um I'm just
I'm doing a voice alarming about for
voice so I'm just gonna put some in a
salmon in here let me jog in the back
bitch because you know he's such a hunk
of a husband
he needs his fish you know maybe I'm
just gonna get this fork employed over
here there's a pause at nighttime what
don't tell anyone okay we're going to
decide to drive in our concept
don't tell anyone it's gonna be a secret
adventure welcome to the first ever
professional kite flying exercise now
this is probably magic okay sidekick hi
Laurie
I'm so excited by okay so I think we
puts it right here and you just like run
hey that guy just dropped off climbing
rope and bags and suffer that and then
he liked it off
I wondered a filiming the haunted show
you know the haunted show or they have
to escape the guys they could be filming
right now that could be his gold bag
okay why are you ready we actually got
this work in a minute ago but the
emotions weren't involved and we have to
put down a kite okay ready all right
ready ready he did do it they're ready
turn India wardo taut so now we have to
catch the wind guys he'll to catch the
wind catch the wind what what touch the
wind let it go look at me go guys oh
here's the wind catch the wind
you're definite keep running keep
running
nothing is wrapping up the tree is it
working always it's working why no
it's working it's working let's put up
in here let me show your serie always
kind of kiting avala no all right media
wants to go I go Thanks oh how did you
get so tangled up okay and your clothes
are falling off your dolls are falling
off this else is falling oh dear how to
do these things Eduardo you're like a
special little fella guys are Larry
well hope they sleep well tonight
it's late in the evening friend American
friends we have a question for you did
you know that you can buy the Oreo cream
just a cream what all stuff Oreo cream
let me know if you have that guys are
sensible that torpedo box because you
can bite us know what well don't put do
I want to know that's a lie at all just
the groom imagine getting an Oreo
biscuits just the cream it's it's not
even if it's care or even is that it's
just the cream and it's like it's like
you only think you only do a better
biscuit is that as good it's like it's
got fiber in the biscuit and you're just
taking I'm saying like imagine wearing a
jammie Dodger and all you get is the
little child discipline jobless or a
custard and cream just a little cream
bit don't know viscous all right I think
roll it's just a fake there is no money
it is like I just haven't I think Amanda
just mine are ideas or something or you
don't know you don't know stinkbug bad
things you know Kimberly Mikado and
coconut cream yeah that's just like just
like the pink gooey things I can't help
it that's actually our balladeer yeah
what I need that one these comments what
biscuit inside this kid stuffing is
always cool leave comments of what you
would like if you could choose anything
to have just a filling until they do
that's it just fresh cooks hi can I get
a BLT with no bread
my mom does that
sorry Wow
she does she asked for a burger and she
says no nobody what she ordered Lola oh
is it cookware the group rejected fruit
just today okay we're gonna see this
little story right we're gonna go before
we get in trouble with my mom my friends
thanks for watching
Oh
