Jared and Jared Dan and you I am your
father
good morning and welcome to the 10th
best day of the fourth month of the best
year of your life and the whole gang is
out this morning
well we're going for afterparty
breakfast is that what's happening well
we're not going to Valentina
I love public smells good we're going to
oh goodness we're going to build build
for the win you get some pancakes look
at the whole family out oh it just comes
in someone's cloud my yeah my man bags
I'm styling like Thailand huh it's a bit
chilly today isn't it
nice and sunny but it's a little bit
chillier than yesterday yes we were so
lucky with the with a birthday party
like a hot-ass eight years I'm good
isn't it so good
what yeah they come up you're naughty
if you're not he does come and get you
are you going to help me with Valencia
thank you
good job big sister is it all right
bills and you pop go inside open it off
me Quinn open it off me
got big balls Rico Rico you can do it
you can do it I believe in you thanks
really
yeah very good thanks how's that
so working myself and Eduardo on this
side it's the boys I did you boys have
your table yeah yeah don't mind all the
tears here don't know where they came
from
 your chairs see a nice gentleman
now girls over on the bench
or you thinking Mario do you want angry
were you thinking anything again no
here's your breakfast you pick one I can
get you blueberry strawberry blueberries
Phil's pancakes and syrup pancakes
chocolate pancake no no get the milk hey
only could you make milk and a mommy's
no our pancakes that our mommies love
retinol pancakes
could be it could be good well you look
great I feel like we went to some crazy
rave party all night long we just went
to a three-year-olds birthday party like
destroyed no let's just break in a sled
breaking occasion joanna is talking it's
not your computer or if I'd probably
turn up the volume like hey my laptop's
broken and I was on a crazy way of last
night selamat what
all righty go I know you like it in here
good isn't it you like it you don't like
it
look at that place ready last thing you
like this Jordan tries to miss you're
not after athlete you want a fruit one
do not like green things do you know you
know when I saw call of Alessi is not
that that's this is where they end up
but it's not Rudy pancakes have arrived
upon Koga Koga you excited your pine
cones this look at this daddy got eggs
Royale or skip my tasks are very
important still tell me tell me a story
go oh it's a good story what you need
you need a pork mister it just so
happens I have a four kids let me chop
it up for you yeah okay Wow hey this is
every time alright desert attack reward
was Iraq what are you Iraq you can
fashion me in the media crony scissors
okay so yesterday when the water got his
bike Amelia was really really good on it
so I ordered some stabilizers to put on
the balancing bike and then the tutor
will have training wheels on a bike so
she's really good and I was thinking oh
my goodness dreams I'd imagine being
able to go out on the bike with two kids
on the bike that would be amazing
you got a run run run run run then lift
your legs up yeah so the best thing to
do after reading lots and lots of
pancake we go oh we got the Bell what
was that smell
oh if someone's in your way you do the
Bell alright go I'm watching the media
oh you want me to be a monster a monster
a scary monster
that's scary bouncy bouncy monster yeah
oh now I've got mighty sorted fortune I
think only this little boy this year's
here with me I was intimate oh my
goodness there's a what look at the
sizes i watch i know if you can see that
was hopefully he stays wasps ping away
over there she's asleep here
I don't guys I am working on a massive
project I've been working on it for
quite a long time now and today we just
had a big long meeting we're going to be
able to share that with you shortly
Kirk hoarsely I'm very excited to share
with you about this project
some people may kind of guess it's not
making a red and flick down say we're
making over a big surprise nope okay
let's just try and get used to having
three before we can even think about the
idea having another one but yeah I've
been working on this project for a
couple of years I've wanted to do this
and I'm finally we're in a position to
actually tell you guys about it I'm very
excited something I think just wanting
to do so long I mean you know making
this clip because I can tell you about
it anyway nothing to tell if nothing to
tell you
nothing at all no but I'm not allowed to
tell you so but I'm just very excited to
finally have a date now that I think
it's like in the next two weeks three
weeks how far away is that days I don't
know a next two weeks or so we're going
to be announcing and it's not just us
it's going to be announcing you're going
to see it's going to be all over like
press and so we're going to be talking
about it but I'm really excited and I
can finally share this with you
and then when I get the share which you
all be able to share with you all like
the video footage that I have of me
doing working on this thing as well
anyway but right now I'm editing the
vlog and Alexia was helping me but now
she's decided to go sleep she's decided
to have a nap
I would love a nap can I happen not to
summertime so much you guys see that bit
at the end of the vlog with the picture
of us all getting ready I'm so glad I
put the camera down to catch that
picture is really cute okay okay oh all
right
yeah the Midwife came this morning
oh and look after Anna's need to catch
up with her see how her boobs are I was
her boobs on the Batman is mom not mom
then his mom and the Batman the Batman
so cute she doesn't think like he does
this part is so cool oh I don't think
we've had this kind of piece for
immediately or Eduardo but we had the
same around back look at this good look
at these ladies like because I did curl
Oh whose because she has like a job I
needed was a perfect seat like these are
perspectival total Center yeah follow
their banking like my look but look at
my heart without changes like
deformations oh come on I should have to
comment and they said Jonathan why don't
you just put a face caught them when
you're filming or rather than I was
going to keep my hand there so thank you
that was a good one that was a good idea
like how happy she is
it's going to say how do you feel like
we're like into we're heading into week
two now having treat you've lost your
voice your breasts are broken no excess
so we're just chillin like a bunch of
 don't be Obama yet everybody is
still very confused about my machine
Amelia I call Amelia some people got
right I call Amelia Obama chena when
she's being crazy okay I really have to
come Athena's her name are you edoardo
does not have a name like that Eduardo
put your new acronym you don't want that
but I need but look how cool you look
she just that works right today take
your source of the bad man come ha oh oh
he's got armor on oh no he's got armor
on huh you don't make something from
Game of Thrones
don't sir please sir
no sir I'm just a lowly Squire oh no
help me fair maiden fair maiden that's
your cue no ow
what is it Oh Star Wars fan - there's no
pink one in Star Wars silver Joe Prince
I need a rescue no please don't stand
and said and yes sing a song listen to
me this makes a dent and dead end and
Jenna and Luke I am your father
Luke I am your father you I am your
father
the force is strong in this one
hmm strong-willed child is Oh what is it
child
hmm confusion sets in Giles nice hair
this child is mmm vomit Jeana they say
thank you Oh cause you have a cape rule
can you fly yeah look whoa this little
monkey is Lucy oh she's not these are
all the presents that Eduardo got on his
party so what we're doing for the
midterm is we're just going to give out
one present of the day so they can open
one present every single day and that
should that should keep them busy for a
while
hopefully although they're quite excited
about this thing mr. fun face mr. a
funny face I think it's like operation
I'm already sure Oh close it so actually
this is quite cool
this chiropractor thingy look at this
look at this Oh Oh huh Oh didn't work
anyway and then we're going to give them
this present surprise that we got don't
know no no no no you guys are bad you
guys are banned go away go away they'll
be no no no no no no none in the Big
Easy baby's asleep
it is asleep baby's asleep okay so in
this case if you simply abstainers it
comes like an elephant and a pink are up
here thank you so much
hello hello Emily elephant hello George
pig how are you guys doing wrong
surprise great what are you doing Emily
elephants and when Hilton careful don't
don't catch her here
oh I'm an elephant um I'm an elephant
because nobody else is chasing me I mean
I was chasing me I just okay joy oh I
get it so after the party um we got
these things made for the party but I
kept a couple of them even though I was
told I wasn't allowed to happen come on
they're so cool like I put a drawer this
one here this is so cool again huh
careful careful careful careful careful
careful Mirta made out of paper and
Amelia's one goes down her chimney
immediate Rose Emily elephant Bardot
Jones George pig she wants her one here
no when we year one goes are they so
cool alright anyway come on shower time
oh no we also got this crazy car is that
this crazy car Wow
oh it's a cool trick part of quite a
cold-shoulder cool trick me you mean
you're gonna drive it into me okay
okay no just this way this way
no no oh oh like this
whatever runs into me what oh no we're
all in trouble
Oh
