guys you got your playfulness a can I
ride the bicycle rapid behind
I am I
hello LS yeah
how happy are you this morning because
she got the wind up in from Eduardo
Thank You unit they go happy she is she
loves his little we need a pill yeah I
think maybe she relates to Eduardo he's
the closest to her yeah he's where there
was one more race yeah yeah Jersey mama
mama
Wow I was mama at lunchtime word lunch
same words cute I get out with my feet
in though give me a kiss no no no daddy
give me the pill
who's that who's that is that mama
it's not Dada
it's mama she just said it like a second
ago
we like to look at pictures or hail to
our nap and say good night to everybody
where's the media where's Mia Mia is
that media can Yahweh she had baby teeth
what's odd who's not say Eduardo Eduardo
we need one for you right behind your
door right there I need one for less
yeah maybe when you're a little bit
older though are you ready for bed yeah
they say it's a matter of time lots of
days and the Sun won't shine before
five to him
nothing's going to stop me I'm making my
way I make my way I go solo oh my god
solo I'm making my way I make my way
whoa look at the very good
the grass is almost out of control
morning the faeries left chocolate
bunnies which I know she shouldn't have
done that
but she did and Jonathan this morning
was like gearing them up because he
didn't know that the fairy has done that
and he was like now guys you know the
fairy can't leave gifts and money and
stuff like that every single morning
like this isn't like an everyday thing
they weren't massive they were like you
know little like little bite one bite
sized ones but it's just really funny
had been like gearing them up for a
disappointment and then they came in
like chocolate bunnies and I didn't
realize what they ate them before their
breakfast so that was kind of a fail
fairy you need to leave them some
vegetables next time okay I'm heading to
pick up and tomorrow and
it's so weird but I'm actually dropping
off alessia's registration form which
admirer vote on typical registration
form for school please hold
oh my god it's so cold let me just heat
up the car hold on
what's freezing so weird
Alessia is starting school in 2020
that's not even not far away like I have
projects that are happening that are
kind of like in the works and they're
happening in 2019 so that basically
means it's like the year after year
after next my little baby and she's
starting in January rather than so
January 2020 so that's like she is still
so tiny but because she got in she's a
march baby not an April baby she gets to
start in January
cuz it wardo how to start they have to
start in the turn that they turn three
does that make sense
yeah she's 2017 I really can't do math
so to hold guys anyway gonna drop that
off now and that is so exciting
crazy oh my goodness you need to wash
her don't you
Oh
new yard I said take a look at me
see how the light caused me
see
say
we have this here from unless it was a
baby
bride you remember how we use this we
can hear the baby okay sit beside mommy
and wanna sit down beside mommy yeah
okay everyone take a seat did you hear
this might be scary guys it's time I
stood beside Eduardo unless yeah I've
got some exciting news there's another
baby in there okay this might be close
it's also been sitting in it oh that's
right didn't you say you carry low is it
cold
sorry okay Mia you hold this part okay
you guys you ready
you ready
know what you had before I think so I
had for a second x-rated yeah listen I'm
hard for a second there she happy here
that's the babies harpy guys look do you
hear that guys such a baby baby brother
in there guys wait is that it that's his
little heart little heart beating guys
now talk to him and see if his heart
changes do you see that in us yeah hmm
how's a bit worried that wouldn't help
define anything I'm glad that you found
it really quickly now now we check who
else has a baby in their tummy do you
have one
well that is true media you won't have a
baby until you're a mummy I can
guarantee you that oh I mean I go to the
toilet get some tissue quickly okay
Amelia I get some more tissue this isn't
gonna cut it
miss you wouldn't be a very good OB
bringing one get in there and get some
tissue go start start tissue I gotta
clean this thing on out on my side of
the bed
