good morning and welcome to the H best
day of the fourth month of the best year
well you can touch the ceiling
whoa you are about nine so we have come
out this morning and get some cards and
cake and presents and not very why I'm
trying to pick is over Janie what I love
the food whoa hi Todd say wow guys is
this a gymnastics class but I'm I said
I'm too tall and so I can't answer this
I can establish when I'm expanding that
whoa and not on even though my kids
you're not even on your tippy toes
yes what are we you energy to do a major
Saturday this is stunning hey I was
thinking also there's a shoe shop
there's a shoe shop down the road maybe
we can try and get Eduardo some new
shoes yeah but he's grown out of his
Nikes on these very sad if you really
like something what are you doing who
are you are you a baby huh are you in a
baby in India watch my how I tend to
either state prosecutor what when I get
media I'm seen lots of comments at the
Obama and Gina you are teaching all the
other little boys and girls out there
about bomb macchina yes okay so tell
them no you need to tell all the boys
and girls are there not to be vomit
Gina's what what no no never had a me to
be a bomb Tina wants and can time out to
save you yeah you are some people didn't
know what about mechina was so Aviva can
you explain what our friends what what
is the ball machine oh my god I think I
do
what are you monkeys doing are you
monkeying around
I said don't move but they figured out a
way where they can not move what they
are moving
look at this cool car so cool again what
Specter rich Brit edition what a neutral
all car new choice that's on the other
side of town
okay Eduardo you need to pick a birthday
card for yourself and you need to pick
wrapping paper
what wrapping paper well what paper
would you like mr. man do you like mr.
man wrapping paper for your birthday
weiter this Peter abalones Wow
what do you think well if you want Peter
Rabbit no hold on hold on what do you
want more no I think about because I've
got Peter do you like Peter Rabbit don't
you all right let's get some Peter
Rabbit so oh look I got Peter Rabbit
tissues as well
we're having a george pig party should
we've had a peter epic ready we just got
hi hi can we swap the pigs so we've
ordered four rabbits that possible okay
does anyone remember how old it was
going to be three okay okay there's some
three options up here which one do you
want Margo pick one and empty your card
yelling your monkey the monkey one piece
he was bored you liked the little cookie
you want the monkey
to be cheeky monkey
you need the best work okay so we have
fat oh I hate me hate okay well no if
the bowl has to match this wrapping
paper so maybe a turquoise oh boy yeah
discus coral white oh maybe Oh in here
yeah turquoise look and give him a
thought hey do you agree that this goes
well though all right we are looking for
new cleaners for Eduardo but it doesn't
look like to have it in your size at the
moment mister you didn't like the blue
ones
Oh gonna steal we can pluck all the
Nikes if you small in our thing
you are here before pretext to shoot
now we're getting his word of his school
uniform he is living for money look so
cute yeah let's go
you did actually jump there's a good job
I'm Stan why don't have a stood you know
from one media to be that cute okay yeah
yes that's where I want to salute
exhibition plastic oh okay I'm Olivia
I'm the oldest Club yes
like I'm shoes new shoes uniform the
full uniform thing they had the school
sheep in the shop I know and then I went
into the shop afterwards and they had
everything there and he picked his own
wrapping paper he got Peter Rabbit
wrapping paper
yeah I was in Paper Chase yeah yeah and
then a card a monkey cars they have a
joke about it it was probably the worst
morning of my life is doing sane was fun
it looks so cute just giving uniform oh
my goodness
he had the jumper on and everything the
clothes no I think it the neighbors yeah
he is in five to six jumpers ah
so immediate sympathy jumpers ice yeah
yeah bingo thank you SWA or if they're
million label is on his one people don't
know it is one on me yeah so that's
handy
completely he's a big ah such a good
picture
ah so cute she looks so much older look
at les he's smiling well I mean he had
taken what my guy took a lot of them and
she was like I like that one oh so cute
and then one there haha are you enjoying
your French experience would you like to
this antipasti Damari
chicken Mario no it's a protocol cool
remember Pentagon Cousteau love us
anyway
Eduardo has requested to name sweet corn
and Amelia has requested salmon and
cream cheese and tomato and Anna is
probably going to want something else
does anyone want some breast milk let me
know in the comments below so I am I am
taking over I'm taking over him I am
taking over to him I just feel like at
the moment Anna it can do more with less
head that I can do so that's why she's
spending more time plus she still
feeling really poorly with her sore
wrist and then just like worn out in
general I think you know me and then
we're for trying to this like teamwork
system where were taking in ships
we're like waking up at night and
they're like cheap breast feed her and
then the next one the next two hours
later I'd like bottle feeder and then we
have it so we have a sort of system
that's kind of working at the moment but
M is tricky it's tricky
bringing the Turan child into the fray
friends if you're considering it if you
have to you're thinking well I get a
third one yes because it's really fun
children are so much fun but it's tough
it's a tough one
it's a toughy anyway um maybe I like a
pet rock pop does cute I love kids
there's so much fun and even know a nice
kid okay I guess you want me to shut the
door
what what is it oh it's a flower for
mommy
Oh flower for me
guys don't picking a good one so okay oh
you're picking trash is waiting the
whole family but don't pick like the
daffodils and the nice the roses and
stuff okay you can just pick like the
nice little ones okay
yeah mommy can some have this I know
what to do make a little flour Oh make a
flour collection over there on the couch
Oh wardo at sad a car cause you to make
daisy chains ah so Melia want salmon and
queens shoes so this one Clues you
should I I think I cream both of them I
can't remember if I cream both on that I
don't really eat cream cheese so I
wouldn't be like and export knowing what
exactly is involved but a salmon cream
cheese for Amelia and Eduardo I have
made some tuna and sweet corn for mr.
Eduardo because the - why couldn't they
just want the same thing would be like
life will be so much more easier if they
wanted the same thing okay
order up mr. Eduardo tuna sweet corn
bagel surprise order up for Emiliana
princess salmon and cream cheese chopped
into four pieces as requested two pieces
as requested a buon appetito or
eagerness yeah is a snack for you okay
we are playing something called sleeping
police officer and they scream yeah
wake up nice to wake up then oh my
goodness this is quite nice I fully
recommend friends if you're obviously if
you have super much if you have a
sleeping policeman what just a
trampoline is a very nice relaxing
because it both here buddy
I guess a dad yeah daddy yeah oh yeah
yeah okay hello I got a daddy's crush
that he's crushed I'm sleeping in the
middle o morrow
oh my god ow
haha I woke up this morning and I had a
sore throat and a headache I've been
getting headaches kind of off and on
since Wednesday I'm just feeling really
rough and our friends were supposed to
come over today Adam and Sabrina and I
had to cancel which I thought really bad
about because I really wanted to see
them but because his wine was bread
surprise to her I want to make sure that
I'm 100% for tomorrow and well I'm not
going to be 100% I'm Way because of my
little feeding problem but I wanted to
make sure that I felt better for
tomorrow just because it's like
important and I put so much time and
effort into like planning this party and
the whole point of doing a big party for
him was so that he wouldn't feel left
out when his sister after his sister
arrived I mean it was like we now I
researched a little bit and what I felt
like I had was thrush or like a yeast
infection because they described the
pain as like stabbing searing knifing
and like that it goes back into your
armpit like really really excruciating
pain when you're feeding and when the
baby's latched properly and that's
exactly what I was experiencing but then
when I said it to the Midwife she was
like she didn't think that it was a
yeast infection because Alaska doesn't
have any white stuff like I read her
mail or inside her mouth so I don't know
like it's just frustrating because
nobody has actually seen me yet because
it's a weekend and I just have to kind
of like deal with
well I'm pumping that's what the Midwife
told me to do is to pump on this breast
and then and feed her I'm the good one
come for a suction oh so pumped two
bottles one with I pump two yesterday
and then I've been upon brother to today
but I'm used ones we've got two in the
fridge so I'm just going to continue to
pump twice a day on this sore boob and
hope that that helped okay there's a
happy little baby ever hear a song
wanted hmm
happy little baby oh look she like
blends in her outfit makes her just
completely blend in which is kind of
pinky aloha as well
sounds like wait where is the baby
release it edy
single mother knows me put you know put
you know she's asleep keep our lid hmm
okay so we are sneaky little elves at
work and working because this breakfast
water has any pens at all
it's definitely and I just feel guilty
because like I don't have a cake made
but then I'm going to make pancakes
so I have candles to put in that so I'm
going to put the light candles on his
pancake instead I'm just fine because
he's getting like a must of two tiered
cake at his birthday party so let's do
this bro party oh yeah no okay we do 350
dress right tada
but unfortunately and I have to have 70
different banners and I don't have a 17
spanner so I can put the stabilizers on
for him so I'll have to find that
tomorrow might be any garage but at the
bike is at his bike his bills
yeah Thomas Thomas Cruiser give it a
test run
it's always important to test these
things out for the kid oh okay good it's
really good he's going to be happy and
is in here the less Ian we're back to
watch an episode with but they're all
big little liars take us lies this is
big big little lies watch this new show
we're getting it on and it's on Netflix
Amazon it's on TV now I think it's
called it's like a sky it's another one
you have to have the whole collection if
you want to watch everything TV now is
basically how you watch Game of Thrones
it's got a clan takes online
teenyboppers but if you're in the UK and
you don't have Skype like we have virgin
and you want to Game of Thrones back hey
watch it but it has a couple editor
chosen and we found this one called
because life and it's really good Bruni
a few episodes in tewevision the whole
team of spoilers camp on remote controls
going on anyway say goodbye and I see ya
your brother is gonna be free tomorrow
when you wake up because look at the
destruction what oh my god Oh
