good morning and welcome to the eighth
best day of the fourth month of the best
year so this morning it mean his what
have got into our bed and what happens I
mean the Jordan tells the story about
this morning's antics no so Alexa was a
sleep with mommy and daddy and everyone
was having a wonderful time and all of a
sudden we hear the bickering and the
barking of two little children because
both of them wanted to sit beside
Alessia but there wasn't enough room for
both children so it wardo got in first
and sat beside Alessia and then in media
started kicking daddy because she wanted
to figure out a way that we could all
sit together so tomorrow the story is I
think we take a badge or multiple no
role daddy off the coachmen no no no
meanwhile up here in the cow station it
was like oh no your letter focus no one
left
yeah oh did you get rudely awoken this
morning waivers this is fighting over
who want to sit next to you mm-hmm
you're so contained where's your book
not a reasonable call can't edge with a
little baby and a tram planner a genius
pushes one week oh oh when we go it's
time friend you gonna be sleeping here
tonight this is the book on the reeds
and actually we have a contented little
baby so yeah probably maybe to something
to us yeah mate you're gonna be sleeping
in here you're going to be changing your
own nappies you're going to do bad time
feel me amazing you're going to
you join the team yeah oh yeah that's
what we always paid them unless
something - not me this is my baby who
drinks gravy sometimes she goes a little
crazy but you're over me to help make it
up me didn't help me kiddo
hmm this is my son my son have I got
manager son of a gun this is my daughter
who is water she chase water in the
night this is my baby who drinks gravy
it makes her crazy you can see fashion
with this baby it's forever will
take care about
we're questions
thanks to me
how do you find home tree wowsers
look what was made for me this morning
Wow one of your eggs made this could
your ovary eggs oh so they are basically
basically got two manuka honey what
level minutos is now Oh 10 very
particular about my Manuka levels don't
any story level sixes or fours here no
so is it a mat bring your own coffee day
sure I will be
unless you've been asleep for the past
you wanna say like how or maybe it's not
been exactly an hour oh my gosh this is
my kid cannot be trusted with babies
like the amount of crap that I found
client like I can't read them from one
second
on their own because they throw things
well they don't throw but they put
things into her cot which is dangerous I
got some stuff on a sauce I did like a
panic a Southall because I'm obviously
breastfeeding and most of my well I only
have two nursing bras and one of them is
too small even though it's the same size
as the other one for some reason that's
just coming up too small and it's
underwire which I stupidly got on I
don't know why I did this
but I stupidly got underwire bras and
thinking that I would need to support
when they don't need any support trust
me they're literally like beach balls or
melons and they just stand upright I
mean it would be cool if I could keep
that gravity for afterwards but it
doesn't it doesn't last but I just don't
want the hugeness of it it's just
they're really so really big and really
full but they don't have any issue with
support so I'm finding that like the
softer so today I'm wearing just like a
regular sports bra and I'm just like
pulling that down it's not a nursing
nursing bra so it's okay but it's not
like ideal but then I think is with
washing and like milk going everywhere
and all that kinda stuff I have to keep
running out so I did an emergency a
South Hall of nursing bras and like
nursing stuff so I saw this jacket not
this one but a different version of this
on Caroline it's like a lightweight
jacket for spring and I love these kind
of like until it B type jacket look hair
to thighs again just ignore the outfit
I'm wearing with it but I think this I
love the please sorry Alessia I'm
showing people my outfit okay I also got
these
Dida I did ask I never know how to
proceed oh I don't know Maternity top
for nursing reason why I got this is for
Eduardo's party because I wanted to look
nice but I'm also you know I've just had
a baby so I don't look that rate this
brand Kate lingerie is really nice
nursing brand these are so soft I
haven't tried any of these on yet but I
got everything in the size medium then I
got this bra which is also by cake and I
got another sleeping bra
it says it's asleep and Bravo I would
wear this as like a normal should we say
hello to everybody hello hello hello oh
oh I got lipstick on your hunt
oh you're very happy this isn't the very
much she's looking for a boob no ah I
think you need a bath I think you need
another bar Oh her eyes glued shot she's
got okay
I need to go in to put breast milk in
her eye I know that sounds really weird
but it does help and it does work so
that's something I have to do I'm sorry
I'm sorry for the delay I am aware
you're all waiting and we'll be with you
as soon as I can
I couldn't continue with any patience I
need to find something else I think Anna
might have an infection and it might be
yeast infection and there might be truck
there might be something pretty nasty I
have Alessia here with me but um yeah
her I won't go into details but we're
trying to sort that let's just call the
GP director and she will try something
love well I think we need to act fast
because it might be something like this
I think in ICAO Oh
quick update and
if you wanted to show your breasts here
so I'd call the midwife and she said to
hold off because the nurse is coming in
a few days they sure it might be okay
so my house he's probably best that I
couldn't get you to the doctor because
the nurse was like all you'll probably
just waste your money talking to the
doctor
excuse me okay you know otherwise what
I'll just get on tinder find any wife
the problems up here can you put her in
here my feet are in there okay I'm gonna
go for them and then journey yeah
oh my goodness guys look what just
arrived fry gently randomly this whale
easy with this is right this is like
such an important thing so oh my god it
is also happy okay I didn't realize is
this big when I got it out so I don't
want any nicely sized I realized what I
was committing myself to a lovely day
kids are off with a friends there's all
this week-long there's so much things
going on cuz it's like half turn for the
kids in health which is great like um
cover our friends have been taking the
kids with their kids off to like parks
and zoos and Easter yesterday when
Easter egg hunts and also to quote book
which is great because it's exactly what
we need to just like spend some time
with less seeing that you square it it's
monster alright when I ordered it I just
really do not realize the gravity and
the scale I just said I wanted a large
one I think I might have made a terrible
mistake it's so cool oh this is it with
it obviously got like a big Cobra on it
yourself by that but JC that haha and
that's where it's gonna be for the next
in a while that's its new home for the
moment I hope someday whenever we got
our heads finish and stuff I asked in my
studio I want to put up because we have
to go play ones I think we have five
silver buttons you know and the
exhausting cool artwork and stuff would
be cool to put it up but for the moment
it's sitting right there it's so cool
you can just reenact this much of my
hand is that big Wow
alright this is the girl here Ellie
Morris she is the girls actually drew it
Thank You Ellie Morris from the Schreyer
it is time for bath time and this is for
the audience this is I want to help they
just had their class and shower up here
you can actually be a little gummy time
let's see they are you winding her right
oh yeah yeah she doing on me time okay
guys it's time guys I have your chairs
and everything ready for you downstairs
we're having a bath just be careful okay
and we get her come on Miss yen just go
you want so many times you bought one
tell me times
well you had tummy time and you are a
baby you wanna do they want to do tell
me time again all right here this come
on let's go go to your go to your
viewing platform we're going down
backwards now and she goes okay now we
need some cotton wool of media you open
the door behind us to get some caramel
painted here in the cotton pot yeah
thank you
no sign up again we do need your
assistance so we take one of these now
the little ropes in her tummy oh girl
there's why do you want to help give it
up it's so cute though oh my god I screw
it up oh okay trying for some inner eyes
yeah what just cuz you would don't
really like it when you get water you're
such good because insisted yeah we're
here
it's a family bad time
can I do the big one there coach yes
Hyuk says the Yak yep yeah all right
this is this is our new routine
situation I'm going to read this book
with Eduardo now Hyuk said the yak and
then Amit is in her bed like a good girl
and then I'm going to go to media minute
and read her a story yeah when wouldn't
says mommy's feeding and I feel right
now yeah okay this is a new book that
Eduardo got from his best friend for his
birthday
livvie yeah yeah well I'll do that fast
man let's read a yoke said the Yak book
is that a corner making Pawan do you got
so Teddy a hungry yak came to stay two
days
hello yak says Alfie Oh L see
would you like some toast and jam then L
see ya is it Alfie good morning guys
that's what he says okay
yup said the yak yak yak
nice child number two a museum you
Little Snitch zero well c'mon let's go
upstairs to bed and I do read your story
I know mommy's putting a nurse here too
okay okay okay you book there and wait
for mommy okay how about that how about
that see you outside
what oh I have to play with you until
mommy comes is that how I work
okay come on hop into bed no no I have a
really fun game it's let's see who can
go asleep the fastest you're going to
love it
Oh
Oh
