oh I never done this before oh I don't
guys if you're not together I can't film
you both
good morning and welcome to the fifth
best day of the fourth month and now
everybody's deaf I apologize for your
hearing problem later on in life but
Obama chena anyway guys look what we got
this point luckily got this one look
what just arrived just not soccer
this does not suck or mm it's not called
it's not 7 mm what is it called
hmm yes don't be kissing two people
are you some sort of it's not true well
you put this bit here in your nose and
you turn this baton and it sucks harder
it's not that pretty cool all right now
we need a subject two testers at work
hello there YouTube
now could you enjoy a little I in that
nice morning came in I'm really hungry
are you yeah
I call this move how to dress good I'll
appear while total bitch out there you
hear there you hear she's all congested
look at Amelia dress yourself this
morning so much because I know you love
her so much
one of our great jeans like Daddy wears
well I'm white I want to source right
now because I just have the baby in my
hands
grab those jeans yeah pull them F okay
now we need to find something to go with
that a nice top or something okay so put
that put those wonder ones like in
please thankfully Amelia is here to save
the day
thanks Amelia you're a great help slides
over his head good job guys sorry that's
okay call it behind a mr. oh no that's
not working
Amelia he needs assistance in the little
hand hold hang on the side
oh really Melia si yo plan is he after
hands ready oh all right so I just did
the thing but like I don't know you're
like disgusted by things but like look
at demon and mucus I managed to provide
of her nose like that's crazy because
they always start off with so much mucus
but that's so good it's this thing is
really good guys post recommended camera
was called again just go back and watch
the start of this video when I told you
those really liked it at this point oh
well not better ah did she say ah are
you guys having a tea party
whoa oh I'm shaving her attention just
don't give her too much tea okay guys
it's quite early
Oh
and you're not giving her coffee are you
what are you giving her an Irish Coffee
huh
oh geez is that laziness yeah I know put
a tea in her eyeball comma Tina um Tina
don't turn it into a ball machine oh he
killed former teammate election happy
Obama Chino look how happy she's happy
or she feels she's not had a big lumpy
condensation or congestion just her
first her first tea party yeah wardo
come on he's not he's not a big sister
he doesn't understand on a thirsty road
Hey
I think nothing like this before
I did nothing like this
Oh Oh spot me so I want you in country
oh how are you is - that seems that's
her name what's her name media Eduardo
name
all right Celestia's first big outing I
know she came home in hospital but it's
apparent her first big outing pretty
exciting the whole like shoulders
neck everything I think it's from the
breast piece I lean it over
yeah like it's all like a pop came up
here huh we should a massage thing you
do a couple Sagittarius for a couple of
massage
all right liquid is the thing she's so
snuggly in there what are you moving
listen I forgot a mini bike you bring
this is my first outing I know I came
back from the hospital but this is my
first actual outing since having Alessia
and she is can you see her I can't see
her but she the little bunny right now
I really can't see her Johnson's getting
petrol can you see that I'm plugging I
think you can can you see that I'm glad
plugging you like I knew you know I know
I didn't know if you could see another
kid to have a mirror in here is uh yeah
we don't have a mirror I don't think
they're going to have one in here like
this is like a dummy to go I really
don't think they kinda have a mirror but
anyway um I didn't really want to leave
the house but then Jonathan kind of
convinced me too and I'm actually glad
he did because I think it's probably
good to get out I literally honestly
people never have my phone's never been
I've never been this popular as I am
after having a baby because everybody's
texting me which is really nice but I
feel bad cuz I don't get back to
everybody and then sometimes I like half
finish texts or like finish them but
don't send them and I just feel really
bad like I feel like everybody thinks
I'm being rude but I'm not I'm just
either breastfeeding or like trapped
under a baby or something so anyway I am
glad that I came out I didn't really I
don't really have much interest in what
we're doing today because it's about
cars but I do think it's probably good
to get out of the house a little bit
because I think I'm going a bit crazy
like some of the things that I think
thinking about lately have been like
it's definitely the hormones like I was
researching SIDS the other last night
because I started panicking about it and
then I panic about like everything like
other things as well just life in
general and I think it's the hormones so
I need to like stop and just like pump
some normalcy back into my life dude a
million checks
mr. live we're good
I forgot this again the paranoia of a
newborn mm-hmm oh my goodness I speak
you have a mirror inside okay
so bring in that let sit here she's
going super car shopping I see this
great card here what do you think of it
I like a nice yeah it's kind of like my
one but better yeah this is the man to
make the better the better man we think
about one yeah and we're secure no you
confuse yourself completely to prison
for you to choose between that one and
you're wasting our time here you want
the defender at the end
no mrs. you're into the win if it's your
whatever a day it is you're not even a
we go we're having a look at the bees
bees might take photos of the same to me
what don't be happy be different except
for this thing that's the only thing
that gives it away from me if you other
thing was life I just I'm like oh yeah
yeah yeah it's a big one that's vision
oh yeah the little ones
our day did not really go we spent most
of it stuck in traffic but it was kind
of productive on that we got a head for
work yeah
the blog might be late today might be
they also haven't had lunch grab that
lunch what we got to see them specific
and alessia's here she good that she did
and she's actually awake which is nice I
like when they have more like a wait
period I mean I like when they map to
don't get me wrong
yeah we're always open but yeah you know
so she really reminds me of safety media
like do is we get people really weird
when I look at her I just am so reminded
of media and I think she has like a
little bit both of them in her but she's
definitely to me looks more like a media
just with new eyes
maybe it's lanky big No
did you have a nice drive regulated and
then carried a baby
don't drop it
it is an adult here let's go some
obstacles away Oh Jeannie this looks
like it's my baby it does there better
not be a trampoline in there yeah
surprise hello doggies the dogs are
going to meet the baby for the first
time they have a meadow yes no no they
just came home they've you know holidays
yeah look we've been looking we found
one hey guys I've got some news doggies
this is like deja vu what three years
ago yeah yeah it's like the summertime
there's a baby
I say owner close together on the grass
we called the truth about our baby
part two every time you have a kid we'll
do that joke this is the smallest baby
I've ever seen in my life
yeah geez don't you put on a bit of
weight she got way up there by the nurse
then I think I've only seen like on
months old
never saw yeah we know I do not have
this oh nice it is very impressive
oh you have one
okay guys we're going to do a little
activity before bedtime okay yeah but
look what else he has local LV highs go
cards
I've been how safe is gonna be oh okay
go me to show you how to do that yeah
weird voices go backwards
okay lean forward wide oh I don't if
they're gonna be heavy now oh okay
all right put your put your hand down oh
okay okay you got to put your two hands
in push your hands down Oh Mia Hey
fatality I never done this before
I don't guys if you're not together I
can't film you both is the best thing
ever
don't blow me to be cool I'm a part of
the tool
okay this is the Southie parent Channel
video so far we've missed the start but
as always in the lead so far that will
end of the video
