cause as soon as we're all here let's do
the name reveal thing no we just never
tell our name we just just make up a
fake name let's call her good morning
and welcome to the fourth day of the
fourth month of the best year of your
and amelia is changing there's anything
snappy I'm going to demonstrate how you
do that oh you already got the plane bro
are the her vest open good girl oh wait
push this up look that way that's going
to get messy push that out of the way
who is it Zoe
with all her feet you're going in there
well done Amelia that was a good job
so sometimes I mean look you have to put
a little butter cream baby from mom hey
so we also realized totally by her own
fault we didn't even think about it but
was never actually told you guys what
her name is so we will in this video
tell you her name you just forgot about
us down this slippery election and then
stead or anything
sorry about that I'll get Amelia to tell
you her name later on because I mean I
can actually write her name and thank
you you're very clever I mean yeah so I
mean they can write her name so I'll get
immediate to write your name see you
later on okay hello kitty
oh you're very strong our baby very
strong you can roll over a very early
age hmm ah no way this is this is
magorium
okay this box is really heavy I want to
see if you have the strain to pick it up
we just got delivered huh what what how
are you so strong
let's go see what's inside it yeah no
put it down careful you might break
something it's so heavy it's fragile
fragile
natira like jelly now when you're in
school your teachers might try and tell
you that fragile tell them they're wrong
tell them my daddy said it was freshly
open er up Amelia oh look at that one
it's a cool balloon survey is there a
baby in there that's one for your baby
shower
yeah you just whip it no oh it's a girl
that's so nice
let me see is it from oh that's the
party organizers for Eduardo birthday
party and your birthday party oh my god
I've turned into teeth you have it's so
nice I know I mean to me that's a nice
one yes some balloons you play with and
some balloons you look action you can
play with the hood we're just partners
beside us so lovely isn't it it's got
heckled in walls look at all these toys
guys medium French a toy
come on come on look what happened here
Oh Oh every time you're nice so quickly
here's an opportunity here's an
opportunity
oh let's say right Oh try an exercise we
advertise this old toy head do you mind
if you're writing oh haha can't wait to
watch the video guys students we're all
here let's do the name reveal thing
no we just never tell her name we let's
just make up a fake name let's call her
okay
yeah let's do that that's in funny yeah
but don't ever tell them her real name
okay iris can't hug Jessica he was
scared
that's a funny name yo okay so that's
that's what we're going to call her
so amelia is going to do the 24-hour
post yourself challenge so I'm going to
post it on a drive Amelia in the indie
pop I'm going to drive Amelia to a post
office I'm going to post you to all
metallic okay and we're going to see if
you make it hopefully we'll see you in a
few weeks okay good luck on your
adventure bye
Perdue who I've got this package to
deliver is very heavy um hey Lorna did
you hear knocking on the door somebody
knocked on the door oh you get a
delivery oh my goodness what is it
wasn't we get Amelia's back everybody it
works
did you go to mr. Nagendra did it did
you call my house yeah wow we did it
friend that's amazing
all right you want to go somewhere else
where else we told you ah you're not
tall the North Pole back inside all
right I'll see you at Christmastime
bye oh this is very heavy
Oh Eduardo we've got me into hold up
Oh Lord
all right all right kiddies are we ready
to go do you want to sit on the ISOFIX
fellas comfortable
no no you're in your pajamas you got
your school shoes on Islay I haven't got
shops young that that's why Jones
because he's trying to say goodbye to
Erica Oh we'll miss yoga oh yeah it is a
late goal it is go do you mind about the
teacher - yeah Oh goodbye my bed they
had to change German I remember all did
you - oh my gosh my where our pausing is
gone
go to your school now all right let's
find a parking spot
oh okay is one right buddy lift oh good
job
say goodbye darica
I was gonna be back in a few days okay
you'll be a big sister
goodbye
don't move into your place what go into
the elevator go to level two
yeah level two departures not arrivals
of course she's coming back guys mean
your size aw don't be sad in me man you
love everything which is coming back
soon bye hey Erica told me to tell you
that you have to look after this yeah
you're gonna be a good girl look after
less yeah
what because then you get stick on
ponies with us tip on dresses something
like that ah you're not sad right oh
yeah she's coming back yeah like a week
or two she is nice to go home and see
her touch her back and then she's coming
back for a long time
I just got or we just got the best
present ever in the post I literally
couldn't believe my eyes when I opened
so at first I opened it the box or the
package and that looks like this it says
it's always good to get brand new points
and I was like oh my god how funny if
this was was actually Brandis like that
would be amazing but I didn't expect it
to me and then I opened it and look 24
brownies thank you so much this is like
the best present ever and they said we
thought some of the world's best
brownies might help you through the
sleepless nights ahead this is exactly
what I needed
it's named evening and we didn't rub
much and so I spoke to you last
obviously I didn't flush since I spoke
should ask because if I had you would be
watching it when a friend here just
showed hello hello hello my goodness so
the nurse came I and I kept on Amelia
Amelia or Eduardo or the road yeah and
the nurse came right to do the heel
prick testing on her and I was saying
Amelia didn't cry when she was in the
hospital getting her heel prick test
done and it what did and unless he
didn't quiet at all like the blood was
gushing at she did this is still like
little contraption and they get just
clicks I think it like punctures a
little hole in her heel and they bleed
but um she didn't cry
she's such a champion like she's so
tough I was impressed her so well done
huh well the little one being cry annum
as well she's gained a little weight
which is optic because that's Apogee
it's epic that's what you want the
lights a bit mad because it's starting
this picks up different lights but yeah
but what you're looking for normally
when they're born and they get first
wait a few days later sometimes they can
lose a little bit of weight but Anna's
milk has come in and she's better so
she's actually gained um
Co she born she was born at to 710 and
she's now 2 8 something so she's put on
their way which is good guess for you
little one
a few little one she's a bit congested
but we have you know that nose pink we
stuck all the stuff at well I found an
electric version because the fit of the
fear if parents listening ever stuck
it's called Nosefrida thing and you put
tube the nose and then you suck it but
more as a friend I'm going to suck up or
snots itself an electric one that's
coming tomorrow
well yeah huh that's all we got to say
today I hope you enjoyed this video
presentation with my little friend
hello there I know where did you hear
her she sells lovely here this little
snotty situation going on here she
always does this she's like she like
Wiggles it like she starts here right
and she's gonna slowly just move slide
her bum off the edge and I hope you
enjoyed this video friends thanks again
for being amazing
hopefully I got the intro done for this
day I hope you guys liked it if it's
cool if I did it and yeah thanks for the
comments and the likes and the
subscriptions and the views and the
friendship the friendship is the most
important part okay boyfriends I'll see
you tomorrow
Oh
Oh
