good morning friends and welcome to the
third best day of the fourth month of
the best year of your life thank you
your first year of your life friends I
haven't spoken to you guys in a while
because we took a couple of days off
after having our little baby here on the
iron iso's
so we took a couple of days off after
having a little baby here so I haven't
seen you guys in a while I think it's
about five days I think we haven't
blogged in about five days but I'm she
is she's so cute you know I'm sure
you'll understand why we M did it that
way you know guess this is our this is
our third child so we just wanted
sometimes like come home here you know
and just like adjust with the kids she
drops on half-term for next two weeks so
that's kind of cool that we're just all
together as a family
although it'd be nice and they're in
school a little bit don't you love being
a big sister it's been such a an
awakening having a little baby in our
lives again if you haven't had one in so
long and it's trying to like remember
all the things that you did when you had
a baby like how do I release it again I
mean it's been a great help
she's been a great help to be a great
big sister we got to swing a few days
ago this baby move thing it's amazing
eyes we've had swings before but this
one is so cool and it plugs in as well
we always have problems the d-lab
batteries and stuff for that I think
you've seen that when I unboxed it and
this is probably those are things I spin
it has been a fun Friday we didn't read
through much
it's like Chile's is elevado's birthday
party stuff no no no no anyways my
business is very flirty this again
we have a big party plan when he it
wasn't his birthday
what Tokyo cute she is though oh my
goodness she's so cute
he's so cute
hmm
is the will I tell you guys but we don't
realize how big whoo
even though you never seen you an answer
but you know what Oh which one put piggy
even creepers and says you want to bring
piggy dancers who's piggy the one from
your bed what can you bring this bum
cocktail for me first for your sister
okay change a common gene Japan in Japan
even here
did you go to attention or have we got
everything we need okay
yeah it weren't a question do you look
do you love your new little sister
deal
what do you love without any most would
you love a better to most ha yeah do you
like cuddling her yeah you're going to
be a good big brother always and kissing
her are you gonna be a good Big Brother
and packing her paddy-cake paddy-cake
hello everybody oh maybe yellow the toys
we go having three children friends is
probably going to equal 3 times the
drama seriously can you imagine the
stuff that's going to go wrong over the
next year or two the craziness is having
three children even now it's like to to
running around the kitchen the baby's
like I want milk meals like I want to
play it was like I wasn't really toilet
you can't see sometimes the to time
actually million right a bolt at the
same time say I wired NOPD's I'm like ah
so and then they fight over it and
somehow the two of them can actually fit
on the toy at the same time magical
anyway do you guys remember a couple of
months a year it was it last year
sometime we all went on like a family
walk and Eduardo lost a welly in the mud
played a clip
I thought that he stuck mm-hmm
don't lose your boot don't lose your
boot oh yeah all right you're on is it I
got you oh no I'm soaked
well Tesco Mobile have launched a
competition where you can submit your
own little family drama videos and see
your family in a personalized version of
as cheesy odd to share on social media
the best video submissions will be
chosen to start the next Tesco Mobile TV
ad what are you serious
I will leave a link down below friends
where you may click it and you may
submit your videos of your little family
clamors to Tesco Mobile the reason Tesco
Mobile are doing this is because they
are trying to promote their new family
perks which is allows customers you
manage all of family mobile devices just
one bill can choose family perk free
every month for each member of the
family on the account family perks
include money off your bill extra data
extra minutes an extra Club card points
and it's all for you so if you have a
little family drama that you've captured
guys you might get on TV on the
television go leave a link down below
submit it Thank You Tesco Mobile
I put the blue bag over here today the
boob feeding area for work over here
isn't it that's not that was just like
that was not for a breastfeeding chair
but it worked at as one yeah we got some
toys here we're going to open and share
with you
and when I say toys not rejoice with
their baby so baby strategy is like the
hungriest little hippo though yeah oh
yeah oh yeah she's that fuller for
longer food like I'm feeding her on
state like I'm could you have to make
sure they get behind an elephant up yeah
so if you're on the same one like
everything like every five minutes
that's it a baby's looking for the boob
in the head Bopper seems like she's
hungry just because she only sees yeah
this thing which is like an expresso
it's the warmer this is the warmer so we
got these little pouches right here you
have pumps and saves rescue little pots
you pump the breast milk out into these
little pouches and you put them in the
fridge and then you're able to heat them
up with this fellow here for free on the
freezers are you gonna freeze it this
which is IG dis it's like this it's like
this little grass stuff it's really cool
and I bought flowers for the grass and
pull all the bottles and stuff in it I
think it's kind of cool right it like
please another
Tommee Tippee so later there was a pump
the breasts enough I'm making sterilized
and data bottles and stuff bye - don't
forget to descale me regularly this is
this is my haul by breastfeeding haul
okay come on if you got shoes on run run
run run run run
all right let's go see what the man has
is it a presidential mommy
let me think yeah you can shine feel it
let me open the gate - OH
good you want to get the credit for this
now open the blue strangling me Oh what
did we get huh so good it is right oh
another balloon
so relaxing here with Lisa fishings
there more about our dinner I just went
into the other room looking for the kids
and they were nowhere to be found
she's you know what their fines are
upstairs but a tutor marnix are sitting
there like playing together
I swear ever since she came home Intuit
emotions like right now claim to get her
more and more and I see macGruber award
it always up didn't notice and wireless
kryoptus
I'm not thankful that you're doing that
again were you paying to those walk
barely pregnant with your breasts you
know what your hand given no no I can't
have any sore sorry buddy I got me I'm
not a balloon yes thank you I didn't
know no no no I think that was them I
think because two of them look very like
the pink one arrow is from Francesca and
all I can't even remember when it
remember Jen's like okay that's account
of our dinner before she wakes up also
look at my little garden did you show
you punk show this already but it looks
so cute it looks arias you said your
safety section
and then it I'm gonna go in the bath
with my new sister and play and have so
much fun an enemy a book for ha what
bogey gonna redo I only have a little
bit sleep are you going to have
sleepovers with your sister yeah
sometime
Wow I just wanna be able to go ah her
neck I think time is only such I need
food I think stuff unbeaten eyelet when
she is a cousin how did that rise in the
castle ka-chow my kiss here I'm talking
on my toenail let me stress you into the
bath
all right and I am being very cute are
you ready
your first thing your first by
appointment hello you have a staff lemon
Timmy W bring off me
Thanks she wouldn't know are you ready
have you had a nice nap what mm okay
let's bring upstairs
first by appointment we will put her in
the back you just walk around exactly
that's the problem what the baby is all
right first thing you need to do is get
what are you watching now that's got my
other baby down my little bunny I'm
ready with any high passes I don't know
my swaddling skills are up to par I see
oh we got a little critic both I was
talking out like mmm so cute huh
trimmers wardo had this exact same
little mark that she has here
his is a county see here sometimes it's
really really hot you can see it but
most of the time you can't that's funny
that she end up with the same thing you
know funny you know funny little bunny
now I don't show anybody when I'm having
teeth yeah so the kids are all in bed
apart from this little one here she's
basically in bed she has a mobile bad
situation going on
oh the jellybeans I thought that was
just a pregnancy craving it appears
appears to have lived long time
pregnancy what you do you pick it all
the ones I realize a black ones the
licorice I think I'm white but then what
happens right is that there is no pink
on why it was left for anybody else
because you be eaten them all is that
your plan is this alright we're going to
make some tea and we're gonna watch some
shows and we're gonna attach this to a
breast and everything's going to be
great right get teabags undergo leave
comments of your favorite jellybean I
think I asked you guys that before of
mine anyways the black ones licorice I
like anything licorice buffets well what
about you nobody nobody's asleep what
what we finally caught up as well our
maternity leave is over I feel like it
was nice like a few days off like a
little kind of maternity leave and then
this morning I was like back on anyone's
editing the bloggers all right
what did I used to put everything
where's my folders worst of luck the
battery was dead wasn't even charged the
cards weren't formatted oh it was a
disaster for all bye we're all back on
it now to do so picture me did you the
whole family thank you anyway yeah so
we're back back to basics oh yeah thanks
for your comments and stuff over the
last few days it's been really nice you
guys have been so supportive about our
new girlfriends and the kids and Anna
and
everything and it's just been real cool
and positive thank friends should be
nice I'm glad you asked
glad you had a nice welcoming to our
little friend here a copy one may say
something intriguing and the blog really
operates Thanks
yeah goodbye friend I'll see you
tomorrow say goodbye
