good morning friends and welcome to
Margaret's birthday surprise it is not
but I don't know what day this is or
when you're watching this but it is day
one of the baby we were about to leave
the house for the last time as a family
a family family of two she's come unless
she's got no choice
and let's bring in cheese and apple when
you're watching this yourself you know
your name when you watch this video is
what we did in the morning you're warned
well you might be born tomorrow
I had a grade singing five you're packed
your mother has brought too many bags
okay but you are probably going to be
like that when you grow up as well let's
be on any of them I just took one Oh
Erica was editing her uncle's show real
Uncle Sam will probably has a couple of
Oscars by now by the time you're
watching this you know after his
portrayal as some Irish guy here our
grandmother your great-grandmother just
got a new iphone iphone7 you probably
have the iPhone 5 iPhone 400 she doesn't
she's in the real sense the term
recognition ship oh we still at granola
back in the day ah granola you probably
have some virtual food that's we're
going to be late come on she's good boy
Albie I'll see you later
I'm not making a big deal I'll see you
later I'm gonna have a new baby candy
you're going to be good you're going to
be good uncle brother
yeah I'm sure what it is there we go
ya know I'll text you wants me know -
because I know how far long it takes to
get there so once we know something's
happening you know I think it'll be
tomorrow but you never know you never
know hi Erica
you have the baby we're all packed up
ready to go
oh no cars broken alright now we gotta
take the symbolic photograph
we're on our way to the hospital now and
making good time we didn't really know
what way was going to go it was early
right we always either take train or
before what the time string sauce we
would take car not post driving no I was
just saying this doesn't unlike all of
my favors that deliveries have been the
same like scheduled never done it myself
even like when our 40 minutes of the
driver but even when we miss querida no
it's quite morbid to say this but like
took a while you know like took five
weeks for that
so yes interesting talks about me I
remember everything is your children are
late to the connection yeah
we have arrived at the hospital friends
this is where I'll be resting
this is the baby's room this is my room
look at this bowl of fruit that we got
though that is so nice so plan is we're
going to be here for a few minutes
getting some stuff ready and then we're
going to head upstairs and start the
induction process that will be but this
is like our main base base of operations
so if you decided what you are not gonna
bring anything because I'm free to move
up and then I don't know I don't know
either like you might be up there for
tonight maybe I should happen today oh
my goodness this is so nice though just
so cool like their own rooms so check
this at best part guys huh I've never
been able to stay over a.m. in the
hospital before but I think I broke
something jock
all right week moves upstairs he can
hear the baby things going on
clinking away there but to get the gel
and stuff bed to kick off so cool is
that she really nice it's like you and
stuff up here yeah this is really cool
hey get it right here look it did you
all right here have a look at the view
is so cool it's so cool as I drew you
were born little one that's so cool
thank you just I'm just gonna do some
editing miss collect some don't worry
sticky I got some to my model teeny
clothing adages had her first mini
little contraction huh
that's it congratulations your heart
race is elevating oh my goodness
well it was at 1:30 I run out that 140
oh is it oh you should get the epidural
just to be safe just ask take your empty
up each other just anything oh yeah like
one here and one here I was kind of mess
it up you can see how far apart they are
look and they're perfectly even that
means that you're probably due to get
one in the next few minutes okay this is
out this is out
Oh look things are kicking off here it's
got kind of like little bumps then boom
and the boom and the boom looms are
happening human being right foot right
now concentrating in the most important
thing here food it's one light bites new
plant ah those are such parents like oh
let me go find the one thing could
occurr illustration mmm food has arrived
friends oh look what I got
occasion chicken in a spinach wrap and
they got a signer eating over here
come on prawn we'll see that later on in
a few hours all right I am out
that's it I've given up I've left that
on our own
but I've come out to try and get a copy
and just to walk around a bit because
I'm going insane sitting on that little
chair though I was lying in the bed
which might be worth but you know pretty
sure come on right here the cost of
coffee or something but it's going to
stretch my legs
oh you'll be sore back at 4:00 and
things are happening contractions are
happening but I don't know I hope it I
hope it happens today it would be pretty
cool to happen today but I don't know
mister no friends if it'll happen today
brother you know if it does I might a
sign I'm looking for
all right we are sick we are set and
ready to go now somewhere down there I'm
just having a baby
hopefully she hasn't had the baby we are
back
elevator party we get it so
secure decide to get in or no mess
around here nuts or give me no mess in
this hotels hospital
let's go go go a hospital hospital just
invented something length is five
o'clock or care for your back is it the
open ish not fully but anyway it is five
o'clock
contractions are flying along the guy
came to take a Waterman Rizzo he's like
all gets give another hour see what
happens and then we had a row break
water an hour or we put more and pasta
the Dajjal was called in and was jealous
definitely it's Morrow birth boy you
raised the water still could be today
birth so I'm this walk around see we can
make something happen
they just Waco a little ball thing for
them I don't know I don't want it be
more convenient because the theater to
kids just to get this part over it you
know was either way as long as its I'm
glad that he chose the best option for
you you know it didn't rush anything
anyway would you guys think of our
Downey just freshening yeah no no do two
squats make Lucy Pratt we're gonna
imagine like your water just broke right
now do your Bob
what kind of where it comes out of isn't
it
well these are contractions maybe when
you got up you're now making harder ones
no we should just move around or
something hold your mom engage to follow
their liberty our contraction how
exciting is this doubt look this is
where she's gonna go and she's first
born oh look her first nappies in the
pain Oh have a little nappy therefore
and everything and this is where
probably gonna we're dancers Lucy look
at Anna she's in hat in in early labor
doing your work out what it was I do
together yet one to cheek oh oh oh
trooper I don't I didn't know what's
going to happen every day like oh you
might make a mess on the floor
so to top seven and the contractions are
getting exactly serious so serious
situation oh okay
would you like Megan to know what was
visible or not oh yeah and if you can
see the little contraction meetings over
there but still thing at the bottom the
serious situation folks losers losers
they're doing a great job well done
oh yeah sorry yeah oh so what we were
doing okay
while we're in the middle of doing this
and while while I was in labor when a
beeper going off
we were making a toenail for her one a
Wednesday video that's the dedication
here
yes a little baby one thing I am exactly
Wow things are kicking off now oh my
goodness
here eyes Eduardo are those quarter
scratch me huh
no cuz it was plain to me for scratching
him let's remember these things earlier
on the series this is the situation now
oh my goodness like in it anyway we're
going to go now I know you thinking
Jonathan why because it's getting really
late and at some point I need to end
this video and start the next day's
video so when in this video in the house
so tune in tomorrow guys for hopefully
the birth video don't hope don't you
dare stay in labor for a few days and
suddenly it's like April okay
did you imagine any waters have been
broken as well which is exciting yeah so
say goodbye say something inspiring Oh
