days in the shade of something called
tree
making daisy chains I'm watching all the
honeybees last night underneath starry
sky
every day summer when you spend it with
me
yesterday is all but a distant dream
let's go mister hello everybody
you're very welcome to deceive rings
cabaret okay he knows they lies nice now
you were like poop lights are still on
Oh with the light one it was the late
one
we filled up with katsu curry and
couldn't go in a hurry
oh you let the doggies out where oh come
on wardo quickly quickly so he's gonna
go to school cooking for the doggies get
in here
they're gonna get you they're gonna get
you guys a fairy only a fairy garden
yeah I've been happy and I love it I've
been happy nothing
I am running for a train on the contesta
Tesla Tesla I'm still thinking about a
Tesla let's I would like to do more for
the environment you know I'd like to
reduce my carbon footprint would like to
swap all my cars for electrics and have
solar panels and the Roos and stuff I
think it would be cool to be able to do
that you know but it's just really
difficult as well to do it you know it's
not like it's it's way better these days
like it is a lot easier today than it
would be in like a year or two ago but
still like I feel like at least one of
our cars you know should be electric you
know if everyone made like one small
thing like that it would probably make a
difference yeah heading the london town
friends for some boring stuff
see the love in your
you bloody
in my
that's
lightning strike the trees for the light
Oh
like bunny today who looks like a sunny
look she's wearing her hop-hop her a top
little buddy leggings and bunny shoes
slippers you want to play with that
don't you
we're back in her bedroom careful
because it is her second nap she did not
really sleep for her first nap so I
think she's probably about ready to drop
it or at least cut it down some she kind
of was just awake most of the time so I
don't know yeah I need to get you dad
I'm here should we take off your bow
cause we're gonna go to sleep now and I
see you're scaring me don't do that
don't do prompt okay and then mommy has
to go and get her nails done
exciting and I'm joined by Jonathan
we'll have you all introduced hello
has anyone seen my videos whoo-hoo what
birthday uh yeah so for the last decade
I've been making video content on
YouTube in a video Ravi take
we just make sure they're always telling
the same simple story you know we don't
change the story and make it too
dramatic it's just if it's a huge brand
deal you know they're worth doing it on
multiple platforms we're still telling
the same simple story we're still making
it very relatable make it feel really
simple for an audience member
somebody looks at they think like you
know I read months of working into that
and you know ideas of how we make it
work help you make relatable how to make
it emotional okay so I am heading it to
get my nails done easiest at home by the
way Casey thought I left
Alessia by herself and she's napping for
two hours now so she'll still be asleep
by the time I get home probably it was
not graceful at all um
Jonathan's on someone is waiting home
from London I think he's on the train
now so he'll be but um yeah he's just
like not wanting to do her daytime sleep
lately but the good news is that her
nighttime sleeps have been fine since
that horrible night that we had she's
been good so yeah I'm gonna head to
Donna's now cuz I'm running kind of late
and I'm gonna speak to you guy is a look
at this look at Donna's floor she's like
redoing I'm just showing them she's
redoing her place and it's a what you
want it a pony floor penny floor oh my
god it's not finished yet though look at
the wallpaper ah looks so different
floor in here today instead just got my
nails done and I got red can you guys
see classic red I actually really like
this I don't think I've had this color
before it's called candy I think
and it's the nail can I remember nail
bottle Inc male bottle a company I don't
know the one that Donna uses the nail
bottle company maybe
I am now pick up immediately because
Jonathan has loads of stuff to do and I
think he just go and he's kind of
stressing about work you'd asked me if I
can never get me
Amelia's back trying to get in the car
this is our car look come on and you get
good girl
did you have a nice time at school what
did you have for afternoon snack today
I'm gonna tell everybody No
I thought you had chocolate cake
my guy came up so you had caterpillar
cake did you Wow because who whose
birthday was it Gavin okay so I am
absolutely exhausted and I know it seems
like the only things I did today were
get my nails done and pick up kids from
school or whatever it's not just because
of that like I've just I don't know I
just the pregnancy thing like sometimes
after I do like a lot of driving or just
anything I come home and I feel like I
just need to go back into bed or like
just chill I also filmed a video today
and obviously I was looking after a nice
to get this morning but I have decided I
mean I decided this a while ago but I
just haven't been able to execute it
because I have been pregnant and just
not feeling myself really so I've sent
myself like weekly tasks of organizing
and then kind of like every day I tackle
something
I mean I'm pregnant now so it has to
change again I use the velvet hangers
and it's still a packed mess in here
like I'm just running out of so much
space
wash bags travel stuff like that kind of
thing and then boxes and things but this
is actually alright
what I wanted to tackle today were my
trousers and jeans because there's
things that just need to go away because
they don't fit because they're not
Maternity I just want to have only
maternity in here
so this is the space that we've cleared
I know it doesn't seem like a lot but my
closets very small so you know work with
what we've got these are all of the
trousers and jeans that I am keeping but
they are non maternity there's a pair of
shorts
these are maternity so they're the only
two maternity jeans that were actually
in there and then these are all gonna go
in the charity bin okay so this is what
the trousers and jeans part of my
wardrobe looks like now which is a huge
improvement and then this is how many
hangers I got rid of or not got rid of
but like emptied out so there's a huge
stack there and then this is part of
just put this for now because it needs
to go down to the basement but it has
all of my maternity stuff jeans in but I
haven't brought it down yet because it
needs to be filled with like tops and
stuff as well otherwise I'm gonna swap
what's in there for what's in there
because that's got my hearing Jobson but
that's gonna be tomorrow's job I'm not
gonna tackle that yet because I feel
like baby steps you know just need to
take it one step at a time otherwise you
get overwhelmed and then you end up
doing nothing so I'm really proud of
myself for doing that today um and I
feel like my wardrobe just does it's not
perfect yet but it's definitely getting
there okay let me to tell them what's
going on what's happened tell them so
Amelia once you got worried
oh god Angie had reason to pick it off
we have tweezers to pick it off for the
media is having a bit of a freak out
there's a twig in your foot there's a
tree growing out of your footing okay
okay look look it's just - no no please
look just
don't be scared put your finger look I'm
gonna show you what I'm gonna do I'm
just gonna go like this watch I'm just
gonna do this look I'm just gonna go
okay yeah we got it folks we got it well
you had it in your hand there I have a
big do you how did you get that Ali ice
I step to the meanest leg away stepping
on Lego classic what about all the boys
and girls at home watching who's never
had a splinter before and who also might
be scared of the tweezers what have you
got to say to them don't be scared don't
be scared of splinters tweezers so and
it's happening a light snack before
dinner what what light snack are we
having rice mmm pickles I'm very excited
about tonight's dinner situation we've
got mashed potato chicken a B and C one
well my favorite chicken peas okay good
this big of the good field
vegetable is it well even pickled I'm
gonna reading them no no boy they're so
nice yeah what if they're not I have a
horrible pickle true well it tastes like
beetroot well you said you liked to be
true are you like
in the pink stuff yeah but that's like
green and we're gonna go watch some a
godless Ronna episode 4 I think of
godless I'm going to eat ourselves all
this tasty food at a crazy busy days
guys in London town
and it took over took over the family
wonderful job
I left the blogging for you guys unless
his new C came which is so cool-looking
I'd actually want to sit in there kind
of like this a little teddy bear in
there and there her eyes afix
she's on level one she's moved up from
level zero she's a level one now she's
moving on up well no well it's devil 0
its 1 2 0 so I think with this thing in
here and then it's 5 points and all that
stuff yeah yeah it's going to be cool
like of her and then Emilia and Eduardo
headrest adjustment oh 0 to 18 kgs well
yep hey matches your jumper if you were
to sit now you'd be like camera flash oh
sorry the kids were messing anyway
dinner is ready steady Freddy we're
gonna go see you guys tomorrow next
watching the video don't forget the like
button to subscribe button the favorites
button the bell button all buttons I'll
see you guys tomorrow for a button
