marker action hi dad
we wanted to come and have a chat with
you me my wife over here can start a
serious discussion you think it looks
like I know we started talking about
maybe having another child right two
months ago say that two months ago in
court upset with so much foaming you've
got like a couple of kids you know I
like playing with them off it only makes
you want to have like blows so much fun
to play with
hey what do you baby I'm gonna tell me
movies oh my god me the man's gonna
bring your baby sister the facts gonna
bring your sisters cocktails right on
Google waters of my Academy so and I
took the test deposit head
no no success to what happened last
month you should probably give you an
update as to where the baby's at where's
the baby Anna come on he told us he told
us all the way baby I think on my body
let me go that's right what of us not
getting pregnant yes is actually me not
Ana I don't think it's either one can
you see it you know begin taking a
breath so we took the test right but
look the first day and the first thing
here this little guy here didn't show up
nothing shows up on the thing you know
and I feel like yeah I know what does
that even mean it's not work we don't
bloody have another one though we have
been keeping a secret from you we had
kind of planned to keep it for a little
bit longer but after the New York trip I
just don't know if it's something that
we can keep under wraps anymore I have
something to tell you you know mommy
don't want mommy
so the Melia is number one and it were
those numbers - and who is number three
how hard is it being to hide this from
you guys
oh my god that is B so difficult right
oh it's so much editing and shopping and
taking over like Anna that looks really
suspicious like should we we are
pregnant two months yes down to one so
I'm just coming to you from the m25 so
we are going through the baby
God get inside there's words for God
typically there is witness we actually
having the baby today River this is the
wrong okay can you can good
and I had some bleeding this morning I
don't know what the outcome of this vlog
is going to be we called our consultants
and we booked into the emergency early
pregnancy scanning unit near by us here
so I called Zoe this morning she came
down to help us out and her car has
broken down so I've come out here to try
and find Zoe and rescue Zoe though so we
can rescue us I'm trying to be hopeful
and I'm trying to just be positive about
the situation but we've had two children
never happened before I think my
ambulance trauma girl why not thinking
wrong I love you
I think this makes
you make these videos well when you make
videos I am making these videos and I've
been making them for like a couple of
years and you know in that time of
making these videos you seem like only
good times in my life and was captured
really bad times in my life and I think
what's amazing about these video series
is that I managed to capture the good
and the bad and managed to capture would
life is in life life sometimes can be
really cool and take away things from
you
does not know it needs the Sun to shine
oh this trust to the sky I'm gonna go
back next time get another religion down
if you get up to the time sighs maybe
the baby dream small and just like a
grown yet or maybe the only girl
pregnant
towards the end you know which is so
hard to now have to go to Florida
tomorrow
that's why things started happening
itself now with piranha you know I'm
just I'm just been supportive fool you
know even she labor you just useless
useless dad another man you made this
mess you're not even here you can't even
help while trying it out look you know
cuz it's like giving birth you know her
whole body is trying to deliver it
now we're just coloring it in bright
pink happy eyes it really would
appreciate it if we had got as far as
action planning as agender I think I
would have made it somewhat you know
standard epic yeah
to just fall back the page and wash the
words on world
and so I'm Trever on my own design I can
read all those pictures now then I'm
changed by the sword
Oh
and yeah
hello friends it is the 16th of July
2016 would you believe and last night we
found out something very for practice
well pedagogic said it is Tennyson and
we have partnered to get a scan done
about a week or two things like Ganga
and I'm going to try we have this Joplin
we're going to see if we can hear the
heartbeat for the kiddos see if they can
actually hear the heartbeat ooh so we
couldn't find it but that does not them
not concerned you have another scan
coming up soon I decided because the
kids can hear it's very common hard come
on
we went back to the room to the ETU
exactly with the same girl that told us
last time about squid and that it didn't
work out so we were both quite anxious
you know to check it out but little
fella is chilling like a villain and has
progressed a lot right yeah yeah so nine
point nine millimeters to 16
thank you take care yeah
we are not going to be late today
alright we made it for us yeah right you
had asked a day and we made it today on
time we were 30 minutes late though we
have it ready to go see the baby we have
pictures and a baby and a video of the
baby it's gotten really really big and
its really really done see you see
gotten to me yeah we're husband eyes the
blood the blood is all the other stuff
eraser yeah that's like the blood
I wanna just sign out or about to have a
baby and you just started crying
should I just tell you I don't know what
did you tell me I don't know see you're
trying it all what do you think it is
what we were both admitted it looks like
a little boy yesterday I don't know what
to tell you and I don't know whether you
tell me or not I'm like would be fun it
was a little things happen but that's a
long time to wait we can do it with a
kid I'm afraid I'm afraid to know so
alive my heart is like pounding
okay so Giorno can it wait what
ready open it oh yeah yourself a sister
you're gonna have a little sister white
oh yeah you did old to have a penal
system where you dream to come true
who's in here no girl in the girl in the
middle good day so happy
oh happy like doesn't cry Mama's like oh
my lord really sorry like to happen to
all this issue
she's so long - we've had a girl who's
your enemy no like IRAs varios a nice
baby I've had with me
army is getting a sister I'm so happy
for you Lea
look at the bump he's got so much vigor
from this light that's actually more
dramatic but not I don't know it from
the slide it's like to me it's more
dramatic but then when I look at it like
this it is 201 C I'm not expecting the
actual hand movement why are always out
here now oh my
I'm trapped there no breathing oh yes
thank you
our opponent on trial wrong child
yes
you're here guys and it didn't take a
million years a baby gets bigger you get
much harder in that ahead that is the
cross-section to the head you see the
heart beating their best and in the
world if you either what you going to
leave an hour but if you went to make
another baby fine we sir
oh wow wow we push those crazy ball what
oh I have no idea we get it with
difference come around video but as mega
this noise isolation Cody where the air
attack where's our fries now in English
reading did you come at funny where
table
the pain
all that we come
some of you may have been on this
journey with me for the last week in my
life some of you may have just joined
today the friend that we're about to
welcome a new little friend his friend
into this world and I'm so happy and
excited to share it once again for you
guys it's been an adventure but I was
feeling the adventure is only beginning
see you tomorrow Oh
don't care
