good morning and welcome to the 29th
best day of the judgement of the best
year of your life and it's actually
quite nice and bright and early
friendlies and it's the morning time and
it's about to be described ready put the
school one are you in think long and
hard about the answer it's going because
of
they don't do better what is going on
here he territorial good night again my
little friendly friends
hey you're going to wake them up for me
let's get the one new overnight that's
welcoming the day oh there it is now I
know your day
what well good point
the blue thing is still on ride up girls
she wants me to school today to school
day
what's your practice today are you
chocolate crunch are you feeling are you
feeling dates great no no no you're
great
growls great you feeling great why no
what do you feel it you know but first
you know the rules
what's the rules guys media television
rules just fired a hip at the rules you
must have a piece of fruit before you
have a fun breakfast dad shall con jobs
like cleanse
she remembered why oh you you announced
to the world that you never wanted to
have piggy backs ever again drummer that
time like yesterday was all right what
what were you like hurt and why have you
got the cat tank who do you have are you
guys swap and toys okay we'll drop the
car team what are you can't bring it
back for scrubbers one minute we got
let's go Jesus immediately likes to tell
you that in the morning
this is not wedding which anything
wasn't the plan wasn't at me
Oh Raghu why when he asked me quietly to
be pretty fancy maybe I decided that
they're going to be good doggies now on
and they're not going to back in the
morning time anymore
you think all right now let's begin the
dressing of the children phase of the
operation
okay any children addressed the doggies
are out in the garden probably causing a
nuisance
shall we move on to the next stage which
is preparing hmm now the people want
grapes is that what I'm hearing it is
the great chocolate crunch well first
before we have chocolate crunch guys we
have to have leg raid or black piece of
fruit which can be any kind of fruit you
want to UM pomegranate strawberries
blueberries what leverage grape syrup
I took the baby one of the hata he says
he has to guess what rich has a day is
it the fluffy baby
okay go oh the baby with no head is it
in distance oh sitting this one what
guys why don't
while you guys are eating your grace why
don't we tell our friends I've had that
fun video made you guys wear the Fosters
do you remember that time yeah we show
our friends the video when you guys were
the bosses say roll the tape enjoy
Hey hello friends we are celebrating the
release of DreamWorks new animated
comedy debossed big and to celebrate the
release they have sent me the wheel of
misfortune Emilia Eduardo are the bosses
and we are going to spin this and
whatever it lands on daddy has to do it
are you ready to be the boss wow are you
ready to be the boss lady that has to do
amazingly say so that's when the we all
miss to sports in it
it's okay
let us take a little longer hello
but I'm taking over the boss oh my
goodness guys they gave me this list
very long okay I gotta go
I got a shopping to do okay guys I guess
I'm going to bed now yes I'm going to
bed now I'm not the boss anymore
goodnight baby chooses dinner okay Bob
due in an hour
I am working very fast let you go
what kind of talkies do you want in your
chocolate he's gonna start with good
healthy face this healthy face do you
want to help you base Berto hey do you
want some disk get some nice kids
singing to myself do you want some
chocolate on your chocolate yeah so just
a little topping of chocolate on your
chocolate you want some of these yeah
okay sorry mom he called box 80 dinner
sir
okay guys well the boss baby movie is
going to be in cinemas available for
your watching pleasure on the 1st of
April I will leave a link to the trailer
in the description outside it is
probably certainly is probably the
funniest animation I'm going to say ever
I don't know but it's hilarious guys
watch the trailer and then you will
realize that all the kids are actually
drop off baby okay I thought it was the
plot Thursday you're the father for the
moment the kids are born they become
Devon anyway traitors down below guys
I've also left the trailer end card in
shows you can click on it go get your
tickets and go watch the movie I can
baby
ah how fun was that guys oh my goodness
not fun at all boo boo boo we're all
here the whole family's here we're very
overshot oh there we are now that was so
funny doing the things I have a button
that's really high it like doesn't fit
oh yeah it doesn't fit in the car car
matter of fact you need to consider
actually that you I can hang this review
rain coming window is a little bit rainy
guys are you ready for the school run
what are you ready for school one and
all the nostalgia take a sandwich put a
foot rub honestly though I think that
fun like high bun jacketed you do all
right mister let's go school rule number
one
Ibrahim does the meanest good one not
your own mister please step down please
step down your piss-poor
don't be a fool go to school don't rule
in school it's ready when I can see
stuff I did say that when you're going
to preschool okay let's go alright now
the next school run one knows again
what know so they need one leave them in
the car yeah and swim in your car okay
why do you leave him
yeah put him here in there oh yeah you
sure you wanna be okay okay
climb aboard come on board Oh
all about today love you and right now
like mommy what's the money
go run it over but now our head would be
just like a right or yeah and we're
going to pick up my mom who not very
nicely put on Oh Stan excitedly yeah
sorry we have seven hundred and forty
nine thousand meetings and things to do
today friends that's what we've called
in the mother a tow-rope really are
definitely kids off and that's going to
be it would be a super boring vlog so we
try to make this entertaining for you
and Amelia and Eduardo are really
excited to spend the day with OMA
okay I think I need to text her so Helen
said that there's going to be some
designs hello again
hello I am for some source it says so in
look yeah today's not nice okay
if you live in Surrey okay and there's a
Tundra storm this weekend be like whoa I
would say we could be like la-la land
like no one does that
I was like do you know since owning this
car I have never had a single island he
parked outside when we beat the horn
yeah I've never beat the horn in this
what I do it no it's today
oh geez I'll never beat this I've never
bleep dip so rude
it is so nice guys right check this out
so I didn't rope here look at this where
is it
okay I have done 24,000 miles since I've
had this car right look it's better to
roll on to the 25,000 mile mark but I'm
like oh I know we're going to change out
the car soon but I feel like I need to
achieve to 25,000 miles before I move
the car on so and it is it's really
important I think it's important you
can't just you know give a car away and
a random mileage number I think might
have to fight yeah I know and it's car
still has the tags you still have the
tags from the size on your car then you
take the tags off your car you name is
take a seat Oh Oh got about the Ossetian
you got leather seat in here oh my
goodness oh my goodness what's up oh no
like I'm oh all right there we go seven
seater the baby here little fella there
right BAM I got to go and do something
right but before I wanted to go like
look more how existing so we ordered
this we didn't just ordered as we
ordered this service if I never gives
birth this company biovault and this is
not like a brandy learning and this
company biovault they actually come and
they collect like that the core blood I
like stuff things that are created and
they go away and then they store them
for us and like you can kind of say like
it's a bit of a gamble because I'm going
to pay I pay for next 25 years to store
our babies and core blood and them
tissue and stuff like that but the main
the main positive thing is that if our
children ever get sick like like bad
sick like really bad sick um you can
actually use the core blood because it's
so incredibly amazing but there's only
one has like a one time in your life
it's available for you and that's during
your birth but we didn't know about it
before and then I've kind of read that
over the last few years my kids are
already born and then when we had this
baby I've ever seen a nose like I
definitely wanted to do this and we're
also collecting some some other samples
that there's nothing to do right now
today but mentioning like 10 or 20 years
some big evolution in science they're
like oh yeah like you know stem-cell we
can now we grow organs using stem cells
and I just think that like by doing this
for our kids we'll just let it like in
case and plus maybe maybe this can help
Amelia add water or maybe someday myself
and I will be sick and we will need and
something and stem cells will be the
answer to it you know and I'm telling
you about it because I didn't know about
it and it's not like it's not that
expensive it's you know you have to
organize it and get it done but you can
only do it during the birth so you know
something to think about if you're
thinking if you're thinking about things
I just started to share with you anyway
I gotta go friends I'll see you guys
tomorrow
goodbye hope you enjoyed the video leave
likes and comments and and pretty
smelling flowers Oh
you
Oh
