that's it sighs at the end of the OB
that's the end of that we never go in
there again
hello friends and welcome to the 28th
day of the third month of the bacterial
life and we are at a train station and
Friends I've got some good news this is
a new camera my phone is ringing
I got a new camera today Oh Lamar hello
no I'm fine
are you calling to see if there's a baby
there's our train on a smuggling I know
we're not going to make a and a Margaret
and Eric has come today
this is literally the final time we're
going to go in here to get the backward
so this could be our last dangerous
to be a friend no more pain journeys Co
montage of all the different strain time
with my news montage music keke keke
keke keke hahaha laughing I'll miss it
though
you know we should go and visit or
something you know this night to be like
what's a week except however I let me
complain like no let's have to say
goodbye to himself I know but it's like
the whole process like the whole it's a
routine that you do for almost a year
you know and it's like that's it
relationships over like it's not me if
you don't let me get a card or something
well you get an invoice card here's your
card you yeah what you for music art no
I guess
all right we're here in London Victoria
I can't wait to show Margot the
excitement oh pretty toilet this is
whatever they turned it off one day but
I've gotten used to it now no I never
ever go to London Bridge because they
don't have toilets
I refuse I'll go to London Victoria and
get the under man we are so early we're
so early
that's good though anyways it's Jay and
it's getting to Dyson now we're getting
the old suite today let's just a hurry
things on hurry-scurry flip flop turn
story in the book so yeah maybe maybe
we're having a baby today
who knows it either way floors are being
slept services are being slept right
let's see if Margaret configured it says
very very complicated put it in you
don't reach for us turn where's Margaret
oh I talked to be doing that in there
needing help calling security
I chose me a my ticket was taken from me
go to the Lawson sounds like Nick is
gone
here we go and today we're definitely
not going to get lost hey just go walk
along here oh no oh no which I'm for
this way
oh no oh
we go for the final time we actually run
now where are you going you're going
wrong building but we're actually just
on time
you
we have been officially sweat when I say
we I got it done - laughs - meeting
super Cheers if he lets me make Caroline
irons is giving air to me because I had
to actually share drool in the meetings
after this I didn't realize what was
what was involved well I didn't realize
involved I didn't I didn't think Anna's
feelings into consideration or the
terrible husband
well that's converted them all to
conference calls later on so we are
swept this is this this could happen and
then oh yeah everything's great like the
heads down and it's in the right place
and it is ready to go and she said she's
not back to back anymore facing right
way in the right place that's this side
that's the end of the OB that's the end
of that we're never going there again
well until next time or celeritas baby
before we have lunch and I decided to go
shopping probably for media and Eduardo
and maybe the new baby but I found
myself a little chair here okay chill
here in three two one
man it's too early to go for lunch is
cutie no these are like baby girl stuff
Oh again the set is so here we need a
third one it's very little a girl one
but in the summer we can put them all
together
hey she I'm she's going to be wearing
that cover thing that we have them on
the court
and what we came natural occasionally so
it's not using the best place to go
industry heritage after standard your
what a twin basically between the two
years because he's the same food all the
time
they basically imagine I did what I can
do what I eat every day pretty much
namesake it would be the same day again
I went to this guy rise and shine green
vegan water Oh elderflower for the elder
elder people you think the elder flower
and I got to I ordered this to the fight
never computed earlier it's like almost
empty amazing you got a creative now the
quick sweep or Tuesday what I chose
Tuesday
I'm beginning to get a sharp over there
so please mom it's a little dress shop
person please dad chop her like the car
shoppers okay Adam stated so I had him
please a job anyway I'd be more happy to
enact first Westies husband shop
back in there Alexi moving to the 20
station funds will run time
hello Amelia we are back from London
town how we done how are you doing how
is your day being how was school today
are you literally trying all my socks on
the floor sucks or is that what your
game is is your game mister sorry mrs.
Carter I got you got bangs yeah green
bites how will you put on after your
shower yeah oh what's that
get your food ready so do not do not do
not get what are you you're you were
teaching all of it you know the sure
that you are influential Amenia hey baby
lay that what I don't eat the baby you
gonna teach the baby had to pick his
nose Oh her nose not teaching me I do
not teach the baby go to ass toys all
right okay no in the media you are a big
sister now you need to take
responsibility what is this for yourself
so close that much did you just buy just
did you oh my goodness what is this any
pushing yourself where did you get that
from where'd you steal that you see this
monitor not put toys in your head now go
downstairs to mommy and explain to her
why you've got butter everywhere
all right the funniest thing in the
world is happening right now get back
over here
Margaret is trying you gotta do Margaret
splashed out don't went mad huh oh my
goodness huh keep going yeah now however
far have you gotten taking about four
hours together she was trying to put her
comb on the screen it was hilarious
the best comedy moments of the year well
okay what do you think you do next i Joe
say continue oh yeah
now you have to create a code Jonathan
is best son-in-law for life
Oh - chapter anything is Erika's eating
some chocolate okay Amelia would like to
pitch an idea for a video okay tell me
about this so we could make a dry-aged
jelly and daddy should drive in at the
end and we could find all that key -
diamond and Jessica's any more eggs and
we took all of the eggs before the toys
outside the eggs stuck in the jelly
Daphne that we got with our swimming
costumes on so am i diving into this
jelly and are you driving into each
other Hey
we're not gonna do it oh wait so so you
don't do it daddy dives into the jelly
and look for the toys while you guys
stand on the sidelines well when my way
to listen just do that fast again wait
oh you don't have you're looking I don't
you can go to any toys and like that was
toys are down we go in with our swimming
costumes are normally find joy and get
them to you and you all some chemical be
sweet be an actor edge yeah we're on a
shot from your birthday girl or I will
say goodbye and just take it and then
say goodbye Bakugan yeah okay all right
well there's a plan for a new video
do we need a sponsor oh we do what kind
of sponsor do we need like a jelly
sponsor or something yeah so if there's
any potential jelly sponsors contact
Amelia in her office
oh my goodness and we'll see we can
perform such a treat how are you
what you do need two ball machine oh
don't turn into mama Chino don't turn
into mama - yeah Wow let's get on stuff
you need
oh no you do not need all that stuff
there Baba Chino
it's late in the evening it water has
gone to sleep yeah
it cost me school tomorrow what would
you have school tomorrow
wow this your expert for tomorrow whoa
are you picking the right Bowl it's
picking the right bulb I see a
difficulty to do all I've seen so much
things going on today and there's so
much things done tomorrow so much so
this is probably going to be a short
vlog if you'll allow with that kind of a
thing don't be complaining now you are
already reading that link and I said
Clutton cheerio mr. show me how to jump
over the train tracks
ah oh come on show me how to jump over
the world with tracks those course mom
and the baby okay ready
show me nice moves
oh it turns a very professional are
usually you looking at this your son's a
marvel whoa whoa while the guardo funny
just like Amelia it's really particular
about his outfit sometimes he gets up
and makes his own assets or he edits the
ask for choice what's so that's
so funny that the media was also like
that I don't know why our kids are like
that I'm not like that oh well you're
kind of like that okay nice moves Mase
all right say something nice to get into
the video thank you for watching live
well that was nice
oh it though it's nice I'm not nice at
the same time have you got the park
what's your what's your wisdom of the
day thank you for the video you sent
your wisdom for today today disc is so
good hmm I love you
huh you know it'd be my number one
firstborn daughter all right no matter
what you read my god I like your bow all
right right oh and parts of knowledge
say something Oh
you want blast-off that the wisdom give
me some winter give me some words of
wisdom
give me some acquire the words of wisdom
you and your sister said the same thing
you said it even worse hi friends we're
going to go so I have to get this thing
edited and uploaded so I will see you
tomorrow say something amazing yeah
that's Jenna thing Oh fell asleep zone
there and crouppen goodbye
ah
Oh
you know
