all right child 1 child 2 3 good morning
friends and welcome to the 27th birthday
of the third month of the best year of
your life
and we're here with Erica and OMA we are
going for some breakfast
I will interrupt in the car check out
that Hydra move
hi street parking guys look at that one
move one move the pressure of rush-hour
traffic
well now a parking genius specialties
include parking seems like everyone's
come their own place we decided to come
to Carly chose this morning because you
can get panettone and poached egg
I love panettone projet yeah railways
get ho today I can
this could be last Monday or standard of
the kids this morning when I was
dropping them off this is literally the
last Monday night but this is elastic
Jack right now grand up your life
breakfast let's go in their car
all right we're having a very very
important discussion here now Erica is
making fast accusations here now the
answer to the correct answer to this
question is Jonathan Tony Tony
okay so anyone that needs to comment
that might get comment up today just
saying but make your case the most
beautiful you can say Marlo okay both
Mark Ruffalo over here kind of looks
like me hello but over here Erica make
your case
Ian Somerhalder be in some roller
actually she was one thing because
they're all is apparently the most
beautiful man in the world I was
defusing this claim though guys girl
people of the world let us know below he
look at me
oh well chief budget we love tatsu of
course you are justified and I am
employed hard
oh boy better really I think that's the
- heritage area Karen you don't look
like you there's a heap skinnier no Boyd
Crowder
there you go there we go I won't concede
and no what are you brewing I think it
depends it depends on what you're after
in terms of a man exactly you know if
you want and like you see he's music
beautiful
my butt's nobody's I evil estate never
like yelling but in perfect darling
perfect is not always good anyways
I see like
I know I'm just getting cake to the kids
achillea one yeah Oh way to ganks in use
or or you feel yeah we've already been
told yeah I know okay
I don't think entire thing okay the
stick and hands between me yeah when did
you get me actually the kids'll be Joe's
big fans
do you know nice sure no no doesn't
there for me
hi there school
Eduardo finish school and we are here at
the car wash that the depict carwash
yeah did it we were going to wash the
car
Martin you are no now we all remember
what happened last time I've got a car
wash but this one's not gonna be scary
is it no no not this time not this time
Eduardo okay it's also well I'm pretty
sure I'm not a hundred percent sure I
but I didn't like that other cost and I
mean Elka's houses too scary
yeah but now you're a big boy you're
only little then yeah yeah good night
your Butler oh did you guys know and
where was that man where was that man he
told me yesterday
I'm not Batman you're not Batman
Oh spider-man Batman ma I'm right out
I know me do well now you're only
spider-man yeah I came in a to a costly
oh you just changed some homes yes do
you want to be Harlequin is released
Gaga I'm thinking you can start your
learning or negative Spider Woman No
my only and got us thinking
spider-woman but now Macau already be
all hearing a whole something and they
spiderweb it when you turn into a girl
what okay and right now you a girl or a
boy a boy yeah boy now and now I'm
nickel like this metal oh no not this
one Oh which one this one this one
hey I said something in there so that's
our fun that's all time or don't kickin
tin Oh Amelia has ballet today so
hopefully this carwash doesn't take a
whole where turd in line for the car
wash water we have to wait here we have
to wait let's go
this our disguise huh
all right one home one's going
collection right out for tonight's day
they're going select Erica Amenia nice
case there's too many kids come up what
maybe you have to help me why no come on
we've got chores to do
what friends it's another hunt come on
it's an aunt and an uncle watch out
buddy uncle okay now we need to get the
vacuum we got a vacuum the car because
why dope if your sister comes right your
sisters coming in the next few days or
hours we can't bring her home in a dirty
car so we need to get a full valet job
on the go you did a blast-off you're
always doing blast-off mr. blocks off is
your name come on mr. blast-off so we
sat in a queue by the way for the car
wash for about I don't know about 30 or
40 minutes and there was too many cars
there because it's a lovely sunny day
and I was like you know what that you
don't wash let's do it ourselves at home
we have everything we need I also have
this but I've got ages ago but it's like
a shampoo and conditioner boom and clean
wheels
I want clean wheels not like shampoo and
conditioner ball takers then we have the
jet wash thingy which will do the job
and then I just found this which almost
a bought as well as a scrubby thing we
have everything we need we are going to
do this friends we're going to do a home
wash thing maybe I should put a little
silence I get all the neighbors to drop
their cardigan put on a bikini but
computer towers yeah all right get me my
I get me the magical the magical sponge
are you telling me bad is a magical
sponge there's a magical sponge where
huh ha ha ha
there's Anna's bump various noise this
room is just full of like memorabilia
security video
Edoardo we're trying not to say the
baby's name okay now don't quote me on
this but I think you may have misled me
what good is a googly spider there
I think you've misled me let's go let's
go this is what you need when you've got
children hello clean your room what no
way no way you'll be barking orders at
me all day let's go I need uh oh you
want to offer your own okay what way
your own oh yeah not a piggyback oh no
no more no more piggyback ever again
okay I'll remember that no more
piggyback ever again okay
you're welcome
okay we have now got another helper
Emilia Thomasina is here looking fly and
Eduardo has brought along more not sure
how long more it's going to help huh no
no okay
so we've moved my car up here anna has
requested we clean her car it's pretty
dirty it's pretty dirty okay guys we
need to get sponges or something to you
guys you can help I'm not really sure
how much green slime turn this on the
low setting myself man I think you slip
that into this or something like that
put this thing in here and then it
should dilute as the water is coming out
I should get the froggy thing and the
other thing
look so shiny and new guys
is there a big wind
I'm finally getting my money's worth
they're a home car washing system
huh watch all your just bits off okay
good job guys
hey I'm moving on to stage 2 you can
vacuum in put all the food everything
goodness
alright
the car is vacuumed and cleaned do
something important I have to do right
now friends are you ready for this
eyes child 1 child to child 3 child 3 1
2 3 ready on are there's all my kids
that my kids aren't actually in there
but how much fun right so as the baby is
rear-facing she'll be rear-facing Amelia
and Eduardo so she won't be like
rear-facing herself how cute is that the
media will be able to see her and look
after her and probably interfere with
her but how cute is that see if I can
get an exclusive in here oh oh my mom
okay so this is this is where it's like
chilling back here in a booster seat
we're just digging into me I think I
might actually swap with my dad so we
have her in this thing here which is
it's a booster seat because she's four
she's foreign I mean it's four and a
half guys I mean it's gonna be five in a
few months five years ago we had a
meeting what where's the donut anyway so
Amelia I might be multimedia from this
is a high-back booster I might I might
bring her back down into just like a
booster without the high back support
and because it might be a squishy in
here there's a squid in here huh hello
looky here
EU regulations Kakaako home okay go go
go
and then over here we have mister
delicious himself Lord Eduardo actually
you know what there's a website and you
can buy a piece of land in Scotland to
call yourself a lord I think I might buy
Eduardo some land in Scotland for his
birthday and therefore everyone have to
call him Lord Eduardo
actually that started off as a joke and
now I'm thinking that she's pretty cool
my complaint is I literally can't down
it's not like it's been 100 pounds for a
piece of land and I get to buy two or so
you don't have to buy acres of land but
yeah that's the I think that's which
Amanda Kardashian Lord Dyson Dyson is he
Lord
the drones Disick Disick DJ anyway he
did he bought land that's what you do so
anyway lorded watch yo lady completely
acts it goes I'm gonna do that over by
all of us I'm gonna get us all a piece
of land anyway that's my plan I'm stick
it blunt I mean just trying oh oh okay
well anyway that's the plan we're a
perceivable future until we throw it out
what the plan is with the car keys
look how much room in here you can
notify people in they're gonna check
driving experience I can't I can't
ready to go I find it's so cool it's so
cool oh my goodness I smell we needed a
baby home
