this is a last weekend going where we
are going to be a family of four how
much is that - think about it this is it
welcome to the best better day of your
life good morning friends and welcome to
the Red Nosed Mother's Day not what is a
today with an impression say what you
today and Amelia school is a Mother's
Day special so Erica I'm going to be the
coolest one for a Mother's Day Tea Party
and we're celebrating Red Nose Day
Amelia has little red noses yeah
Eduardo has a crown it's actually his
little sister's crown she isn't home yet
hmm no I know T this day next week is
the 31st of March which means this day
next week like this day next week I'm
pretty sure the baby's gotta be here we
see another child I'm here having these
moments and you plays this monkey man
and to me there's not mental things that
like well right now everything is just
like this creature this is right you got
three get jacks out you know that we're
having this conversation and you guys
are just multiplying around huh moving
around right kiddo Kazaam breakfast
ready
thank you your breakfast come on
everybody
oh my Hopalong
so years ago apparently meters made you
loads of presents and gifts you know
it's not real Mother's Day today it's
just school Mother's Day today we're
gonna see Figures your plot yeah you
guys do it me yeah mommy mommy and Erica
are going to stay in Amelia school there
you go mister
do you like it this bit on your nose
really
all right these Timberland okay there
this is what it's for come now feel like
I'm making breakfast for the dogs you
put out there one spoonful of their food
and then you put some hot water into it
then you leave it to kind of turn into a
little mushy thing for them that's
that's the way it's become now you guys
are spoiled rotten sludge it would make
such a little lad your little baseball
mr. Wade oh give me that getting Oh
Eduardo Eduardo give me the dog you
can't bring the dog you can't bring the
dog water that's your sister stroke oh
my goodness guys Eduardo Eduardo give me
the dog okay I'm gonna go without you
right right oh I'm just going to go guys
for that wardo what can I have the duck
please okay come on you can eat it up in
the car okay yeah it's a deal Cemile
deal all we're doing there is we're just
prolonging the drama to the later date
oh yeah like mommy's not here nice oh
yeah can I get a comment - Emilia about
this alright that's it - you silly hot
tub Oh No
wardo hop in let me get your car seats
yeah I don't back in the car so I take
out the car seats now
so boy huh yeah huh who do you sit
behind again mommy or daddy you said not
one don't you yeah cuz you went over
that's it all right
so this morning we had a media's
Mother's Day like treat or Mother's Day
event it was so so cute Eric and I got
to sit with her at like they had a
little tea party things that I was just
so adorable
it was quite squashed so like there was
a lot of people in that but Jill really
enjoyed it we got warm cross on how good
is that
we never got warm cross once in our
school
they brought them like straight from the
kitchen they were warm it was so cute
and then little like POW shockula apple
juice so it was just really really sweet
and I think a media really enjoyed it I
think she was a bit overwhelmed so I was
like very differently not like the norm
or not the routine and then she got to
give us like a little I'll show you guys
but it's like a little picture where
she's holding a heart that says I love
mummy and there's like a poem written in
there and then her handprint and she
made me like a little candle holder and
like all different stuff so it was
really sweet I'm mr. Niehaus
I didn't want to leave her I wanted to
like stick
I've got lipstick ideas I'm trying at
use new lipstick so I got a couple of
lipstick in my peer box from China so
work from Charlotte Tilbury all of these
ones I got nude Kate
Penelope pink which I have on right now
which is not a pink at all which I'm
kind of like happy about like it's more
of a new scent of pink and Kidman's kick
what else
Penelope thinks that when I just stood
stoned rows not one looks like it's not
only going to suit me I've already got
super Cindy Tim that's what's called
where is it super Cindy I'm going to
give this to my sister because I think
it's going to suit her better I also got
some new makeup got the glow kit from
Anastasia I got two lip liners from
Charlotte Tilbury I bought this by the
way this wasn't in the peel box and then
I've got still loads of stuff to go
through there which came from a few box
- I am telling it like really now John's
coming home from getting in while which
means I'm probably late well I had to
put my oh I love sit down I put my boots
on which takes like half an hour not
even joking they're over the knee boots
but they don't go over my knees actually
like almost over the neighbors knee-high
boots that's what they are and yeah
takes a while when you've got a bump in
the way you know the me know what I'm
saying so Eric is coming you don't mean
and Eduardo right no I pick up but one
huh ah Red Nose Day what is it
oh yeah fired wide Oh
okay he's going to make me even later
than I actually um
hi honey
Wow magic one one in a wizard patch
that's so cool it's so cool
I'm going to be late those who have to
go okay see you later he collected media
okay show me Amelia what's happened
we're going through all of it so we're
setting up some Easter stuff definitely
treatment anything Oh
Sonia Brazil oh oh well remind me never
to wrap my car because I wasn't doing
the bubbles then oh oh oh wait we taking
we moving them around would you move
them around sometimes is that part of
the fun oh my goodness what is your
sister in the NAG and she's going to be
happy sir
is it oh that's exciting
oh that's a big egg oh we taking that
one
what oh wow
you're nothing okay Oh does it light up
maybe at nighttime it lights up maybe
it's too bright anyway yeah throw more
stuff
Eduardo made this is good for it I know
Amelia kept moving them around and
around Oh Oh a little funny
is there more things that's always there
oh that's a nice little honey you don't
trick or treat at Easter oh can I can I
have an egg please for breakfast can you
eat those eggs
well you're delaying us here I'm waiting
for you oh yeah I need my
hello friends we're writing because
Erica may be moving to brighten America
looking at flats today for her eyes come
along what is it that one I don't know
somewhere around here anyway she wants
to live for our town isn't cool enough
and good enough
this screwing up the car so close to the
beach maybe we should come and stay here
stay fluffy
all right we're back from the first
house first flight flight you saw Erica
she really loved this because you
obviously you do for them what American
frame their yarn out and welcome you
wanna bet
well it looks better in the photos and
then it's something like this working on
it yeah
a little loft it up guys like you have
to crawl around it you do have to call
around it pays to be a call safe I don't
like spike but one and I got even stand
up when I like and they say never take
the first place you look at so that's a
pretty quick pop I was gonna be the one
will find will find the one it's like
dating you know sometimes the pictures
are misleading you know and then you
meet up and you're like oh I think she
was taken ten years ago we are home from
what I saw Amelia were you going
I was advised to tell me we need watches
this new show on TV what's a call it's
like it's like a Japanese man guys or
that was always like what this did you
for you for will find out was called
it's called Bob's a bit no oh maybe to
the first one you get parents know it's
over I don't know what it was but if
some no they were like little blob and
they just Oh with my wedding Mia what
you come here you come here right for
Father's Day for Father's Day right I'm
expecting the full work what do you want
or could you say no you want the dress
did you make it yourself in school
before your dinner oh my goodness
immediate did you see what that he has
for dinner today let me welcome you let
me take you back to the AG's and
government lands let me take you back to
a different time you're ready prepare
yourself this is called Dublin cuddle oh
look at there now look at it there now
now unfortunately nobody else wants to
eat it so Anna and Eric are having
salmon and potato and prawns and such
but I love the Dublin cuddle and I'm
very excited by it you know what else
are very excited about life this is the
last we were about to dawn on the last
weekend of our lives this is the last
weekend guys but we are going to be a
family of four how mad is that to think
about it this is it what this is it guys
Oh are they of course they were yeah
this is it this is this is it house are
you excited kind of set off a little bit
I'm excited to have another baby with
you to raise another human what is this
but you barely put the water in I did
for the water if I'm so feeling hard
it's not meant to look like that you
didn't put enough in right Pat fails dad
Phil anyway we're at her Amelia
this is your last weekend doesn't care
doesn't care no one seems to care also
special guests arriving tomorrow you
excited
what is this Eduardo your lunchbox for
big boys girls yeah
they're bold so media has a nice cut
kids in Pinkberry won and Eduardo has
ikat kids and London train trains and
buses there you go mister look at
mysterious now don't mix them up
don't be swapping things out you guys
are both gonna be having your lunch yes
goodbye friends of see you tomorrow
what say goodbye to a friend like you
you
