because last night she woke up crying
and said she had a headache and she's
never said that before and obviously as
a parent a headache it's scary
good morning and welcome to the 23rd
best day of the third month of the best
year of your life and we are at swimming
and dad is rough today friends I got
some sort of a cold or a flu or
pneumonia or the bubonic plague or
something pretty harsh Amelia I think
has it as well too much traveling on
those trains I think huh that's what I'm
thinking hopefully Anna doesn't get it
oh my goodness
anyway we're at swimming we're about to
jump into swimming here look I'm look
how rough I am across the tracks I'm
even wearing like you know sweats and
the thing that's because you just like
sighs I'm not putting clothes on today
about some and Loretta clothes because I
dropped all my jeans in the parts of
those black ones but I got a text
message say they're ready so that's
exciting I want to see what that's what
that's like
we're also wearing matching shoes why
are we show me your Nikes show me a blue
Nikes oh and daddy is wearing blue now
they're adidas Lance Bush you know he
doesn't have to know the hater they're
matching huh for a bunch of matters huh
did mommy sighs did mommy what's going
on you put the thing on the end slide
get a pop your card come on me so
annoyed Oh mommy's gone she's know that
pop in your color there you go that's
how to do it huh got a poppy collar all
right come on let's go
what about my leg you're crawling in I
am don't go home without me you want to
take you back this just to me okay
climb on board there just sing the song
every time I say climb on board are you
you're not climbing on board okay - here
for a second are you sitting you sitting
alright sit there for a second let me
get the bike alright now we're ready to
go swimming I
you got it good man
so we're headed to a media school to
pick her up it's only 10 to 12 they
stand so much scarier than it probably
actually is a lotta good stuff but yeah
the first time this has ever happened
basically I gave for the option this
morning because I was a bit worried
because last night she woke up crying
and said she had a headache and she's
never said that before and obviously as
a parent a headache it's scary like not
joke so I was like like okay maybe she
she does have bars not bars but like her
bed has like that wouldn't thing randon
so I thought okay maybe she slept on
here she slept with her hedge that was
the back of the back of her head and
then I was like crap out sounds like
dangerous you know because the bus of
the head is work but yeah oh God anyway
but in you know I'm actually familiar
some today Jonathan doesn't feel well at
all so I'm thinking hopefully she has a
head cold or something because
she was coughing this morning as well
and she said that it hurt her head when
she cost I just I hope it is that that's
what it is you know and I know when you
and I have like and helping had a kind
of things that have like the fluey thing
going on well I don't want to think
about it or the plan may just go like I
know what that is Oh may I she's got the
very cushy day was so large particular
it's the first time that she's ever said
and then she was like crying last night
and saying just never happened to me
before
I was like scared you know and then you
get scared like do I let her go to sleep
like well she didn't hate her head so
well so anyway I'm just a bit concerned
because then I did say it her though
this morning I was like if you want to
come look if you don't feel well at
school you know you can tell your
teacher and they'll call me and I'll
come and get you
this is where the both the children in
this scenario one and you know it's like
they're funny to get the point I like
like I'm sorry I don't quite like maybe
he wasn't easy but I know just the
media's like I am I am for fun times you
know the Attic nature to tinker rang and
she said she keeps in complaining of a
headache and saying that she wants you
what you do when you get that kind of a
phone call you're like the first time
then the phone colleges
I hope she's okay like I honestly hope
that it's just a head cold and that's
all and because yeah I just and scary
but anyway everything is really terribly
they're linking it to me everything if
you never want to be scared then Joseph
King
okay we are home and when you have
tested immediate temperature and it is
up to thirty eight point two which means
you have a slight temperature Mesa
c'mere also guys I cracked this company
making these things like months ago in
the hopes that they would build us and
they built it and they sent me two of
them oh my god let me tell you about
that later
it says immediate did an amazing
observational drawing of a shell now you
want some of the good stuff that's a
pretty good stuff
what Oh II the mommy doesn't know let's
get some cow Paul this cow for makes
everything better
okay just a spoonful of Cal Poly makes
me Nia feel better me feel better now
hey come with me how does your head feel
now that you're home and all go back
does it does it feel any way better it's
for charity
it's a charity thing oh the pink thing
yeah well I'm already gonna so this is
Ben pincher oh they sent you an envelope
yeah is it benefit yeah is reading over
pink shop oh this beautiful project so
you can text to donate book a brown rat
that's cool is it hashtag make it may
give the loads a pink toys or pain felt
yeah III a close and the coolest rating
of a pink pop-up shop and everything
that's for sale in the pop-up shop those
charges to it yeah yeah charity
supporting women and girl
yeah whoa are you having your school
lunch at home oh my goodness what you do
during school haha
at nine o'clock on Tuesday miss Kate
called the register it is are you going
yes clicks gate finder Creek yes miss
sunfish
okay so mommy and daddy going to your
meeting but we got a call from the
doctor you know and we tested all the
stuff out that you said then a medium
might be coming out of flu said that
your brain seems okay because we did
want to test on you okay but we have to
keep an eye on you I know where we'd be
I went to the doctors I spoke to them
that was on the phone to my agent we're
checking you out but she said you might
be coming down with a flu yeah it's okay
though it just means that are you
coughing a lot yeah yeah I get hot does
your throat hurt uh actually I yeah
and all down here yeah actually I get up
here
mmm oh media that sounds like a flu so
we're going to keep an eye on you okay
we're going to get some water so and you
should be okay well mommy and daddy have
to go through me yeah well but I'll be
right here a doctor's to good get some
medicine for you okay no one can see you
in Japan exactly where are you going my
artists out there were you insane I just
I saw
no credit
so we have just come to see train
station or picking up dumb and Francesca
excuse me just for Hartford's account
wait or thought to be gone like it's so
funny you don't even think about it
because so much is going on when you
have a baby but I always remember people
being like don't worry about the harmful
and not don't worry about the heartburn
but like the thing that's nice of it
pregnancy heartburn is that once your
baby's born it's gone it's like it just
goes away
but you don't even think about it
because there's so much going on
didn't your baby you never stop and
think loon I'm so glad that Harper is
gone you just don't think about it you
don't like appreciate all I think the
training may have just come in now we
thought we were going to be late but
actually I think the train was delayed a
little bit so join us and take a car
seat belt
so we've got some room and then we're
going for a little bit of a cafe meeting
that was good timing I think it must
have just come in yeah I said it where
two people come in here yeah
anyway
love it sir I like your bow
what come on say hello
alright so we're back from our meetings
oh my goodness the PIO boxes have
arrived you know that the pedo box is
never boss hello hello - little bow baby
hmm we heard the SJ whoa we'll go to
this later on a growth drug has to be
gotten here got some stuff here
oh so pops right we'll go to all that
later what did you miss this right Oh
Amelia I am waiting here for my hug
I mean there Thomasina Saucony Jolie
what there was a wee lassie he swallowed
a Mickey
Quigley what a migi hmm
what's a migi hey excuse me
we were to get out of here get out of
town huh is it something for the baby
there might be something for Amelia
Eduardo in here but we look later okay
after dyndns you can take one bag each
oh yeah okay okay
oh that your bag Amelia is it all right
you have that bag me and Edouard it's
the boy bag let's see we got wardo
you got a grow egg with a grow egg this
is real room - mom at her heart let's
make piles in here listen no no listen
well can you guys 100 it's a property
cat is actually this one nice Oh a
little squared a little squiddy up high
wait is that a part of ourselves
robot taco truck in pet patrol or pet
palace what do you think who's dead
markers your branded right who's taking
responsibility for this Sophie Van Beek
you can Martha Sophie if there's any
markers on any of these walls you will
have to come here take smoke
Oh time Sophie Sophie did you yeah I
know you're there hey mr. bubble
what is that Amelia
Eduardo what is that ah it's a hedgehog
oh my goodness look at this right it
came from grow friends but it's like a
little this is so cute this might be her
toy I see this is so cute but look it's
made from a fabric that you can breathe
through so but like this on her face
right like that she'd be all right is
pretty cute
what did you find oh my goodness that
windy snug and look at this one here
no amazing and friends Oh what put me
for me I never get anything look you
look happy birthday to you it's a bit
early
it's a bit early we got something for
Amelia happy birthday to you and we got
something for Jonathan Ana oh look it's
just Jonathan look it's just for
Jonathan
I'm minerals to think Alicia
Oh Kenzie wait to see what I got what
did I guess oh I don't think this is
gonna fit me hmm maybe maybe it was a
mistake obviously do Oh hon I don't
think that's going to fit me either what
that is for me my name is ha ha ha what
was it were know you got a t-shirt it's
Thomas the Tank Engine t-shirt and then
open because Oh your train will be you
say thank you
Oh
