and this might be the final date my god
it's the final date night good morning
and welcome to the 22nd day of the third
of the best year
ah how long can you keep that going for
so this morning Anna
mommy is bringing a media to school and
I am bringing it wider the school
because Amelia is having an open class
in this morning
Hey the mommy is staying in the
classroom and going home
you know what it doesn't rain for the
next 4 days so it just started to get
seismic enjoy this because it's going to
rain for next 4 days and then we'll be
able to go outside oh oh I've made a
terrible mistake just look at a
chocolate mocha near my home it is
cookies it'll look at its Nevaeh and see
you again playing oh oh ok so we're
going to take the tractor on the school
run this morning so move over please put
it up with the turbo mode all right hold
on tight are you holding on tight ok
coffee school we go
oh here we go
my turn okay
reverse push push your pain to the
bottom
okay it's raining ah grating come on mr.
crow mommy's taking the media on her car
all aboard
chinstrap boy let's go I am so where did
this come from anyway look at it can you
see can you see it on my glasses right
so money to invent a little window
wipers life
okay that's worth now I can you can see
step separately by
Eduardo just had his teachers visit
didn't you
she was just here in your house yeah his
teacher and his the head of early years
came to visit and they do like a home
visit they just sitting for a meeting
except there's a different teacher
obviously Highline I have verified the
beginning but I know he is like at the
ng warm dog her mother
Canaries really warmed up and the
calling to playing whereas in the
beginning he was like not talking not
even leaving eaten by crocodiles
honghong not Fox been big he's in the
play-doh
ah really and who does that manage wardo
him Lucy
it's all yes we sure need to July
Jonathan what's his name I can't
remember
laughing hi you don't know me from that
Oh
David Bowie from who is he the guy from
the new Star Wars yeah use a
stormtrooper
yeah long whooping yeah yeah and he
comes back I remember is actually
someone in there
I watched that Star Wars actually
etcetera
did you see it no suction all right even
though I've never seen a Star Wars like
before that but pretty okay then
Jonathan watch the next one without me
I watched the row one without Anna it's
a sad movie but it's a good movie
if you die in it oh he's not in it
everybody even born yet all I know is
han Solo
because I remember that name I'm sure is
that his name there is a han Solo hands
like hands yeah Hans solo on I don't
know we talk my name is Hans a solo is
that not really clear what are you gonna
bring the one Indiana go for it
yes is that Han Solo
today in a place where we go all the
time
in that area of London were always read
that area of London which is like an
attack that's crazy guys but I remember
being in London in during July I used to
work for this company I was a marketing
manager and he used to fly to London at
like twice a week and to meet with the
brand that I worked for and then it's
like I'm Darlins and I ran an office and
evented on it and I was in there in
London for zelos attacks and those
bombings and stuff her terrified to crap
in a room and we were like we were in
London I was like a lot at least here in
Ireland it's really boring and safe you
know what I like this mean like some
people went to work today just never
came home
so sounds like okay sorry I don't like
talk about this kind of stuff in the
videos but who I hope the world gets
better when the median Eduardo and I
know a friend grow up the world is full
of peace I'll be cool that will be my
wish for the world
when we watch you might away is this
Sophie it a second yeah be it a third
384 sick cookie inside oh the first
Sofia that is that kind of insinuates
there's a second Sophia mmm this is
Jonathan the second you're trying to
Jonathan the second you know that your
name is Eduardo drama all right Jonathan
the second I know uh-huh you Jonathan
two seconds oh god okay five Jonathan
the first now you're judging their
second yeah your name is Eduardo
Jonathan Taccone Tony so basically
you're Jonathan Joe Lee
Jonathan Jolie Jonathan Jolie and knock
all right yeah what do we call you
Thomasina ciccone
Thomas penis economy Oh what me could
you be you're offering don't be such a
Peter open oh you just think it's
Anatomy
you guys are hello don't you stick your
tongue and make about letting in the
slippers yep yep yep
I guess the snip smell right wardo look
at this carry on uh-huh all think it
really is to help stick it really is to
help renew it yeah you want
I live it's a date night it's a date
night again I got bolted with the Tony
girls with me and this might be the
final date night it's the final date
night isn't it joining on this one yeah
ok ok no this has to be Palmas
definite many times I've walked up here
and said this could be the final date
we're not even going it right we don't
have to baby like because it's not going
today so we decided to bring Erica to
the regional try work taste restaurant
it's amazing
now it's amazing I think I think you
have me ordered giggling quit yeah and
we've had it at home yeah this one it's
going pretty good
we should tie do you remember the
password not quite
strike crack look at the surface it's
golden book made out of real gold source
it feel like that duty she waits at
times of me at the menu because I'm
going to get the same thing again every
time when I come here on my only this
day are completely different and I
preach to the menu and then shrink
monocular wandering become a default
with proprietary with redirect users
while siggy deep breath
you know in Alpena do you think in
garlic pawns with a baby what are you
having a good contact just trade pasta
for right all right it's a good even on
its own yeah that was the smells amazing
smells coming out look a little chilly
yeah I love chili these things here by
the way to Erica's eating are probably
the single worst thing you can ever put
inside your body but they taste good so
you know there's my chicken nice green
I've heard a little a little pop of
goodness
I should get that Club or somebody to
get that cup for me
other Puritan us chameleon is word oh oh
there you go you could have you can be a
marvelous one marvelous mum but I'll be
at number one dad owners are now what if
there is a cup called mediocre parents
mediocre mediocre mediocre parents good
good effort parents okay okay parents
death so what did you think of the food
Erica was it why are you so backlit well
start your lighting edge
welcome to another episode of we try and
chocolates from around the world
episode 2 humiliate the kiss me eggs
look at this thing here Coco koala this
is Australian candy guys made in
Australia either the box was made in
Australia or the sweeper made in
Australia this pineapple trip do your
bestest Radian accent ok ok
come on peach pit get our peach pit Oh
whoo ok you can have this that's really
nice oh okay so we've got shape YZ shape
Johnson shape you oh oh you have
Tim Tam slam what's the suit oh here's
the street chalk centre because I did
cocaine jewelry coding Oh
Turkish Delight you can try it won't
pick one thing to try it knows what your
looks like the Frog oh it's broken
what do you think well those Australian
night it'll take like up the site like
shrimp on the barbie sherry right Fred I
think I'll try and think up look at it
marvelous right now oh right juicy
cherries and coconut oh boy I would
drive stop it Oh does it taste like
cherry but it's got a coconut texture on
its own mm-hmm around it
Wow let me head up vegetables I planted
these now puts Vegemite it's not called
me she might
zero vegetarians like cooperative good
god man what a good bit in life hmm keep
it closed off
is it nice weird whoa hold up like gone
off biscuit it tastes like stale
biscuits what to the picnic a line bar
mmm
displayed the Geo lion a lion having a
picnic okay let's eat it or no flavor
presided by yeah okay minutes a little
bit is it raining
today's like pizza
so you actually tastes like pizza my
cheese pizza
don't just it is it you guys like
tomato yeah yeah it did a really good
job of making this actual taste like
pizza
Oh giant my lastly what's that is that
immoral
yes yeah it looks like a moral can I
have a more on a line bar oh you mean a
picnic and a boost
hmm need to be my favorite yeah they
still somewhere else
oh I remember when I first came out it
was in a shelf on a forum or on a sub
excitedly who is just new moron do you
like urine more on me alright I'm gonna
eat the circus like just because I know
it's there really good
are we gonna cream up and more oh I hate
really good bye friends and thank you
for watching big weirdo like why Anna
good bye good fun
Hey
Hey
