good morning and welcome to the 19th
20th best day of the third month of the
best year of Yolo and Friends it is also
the second last week of March and I have
one question
show me the baby where is the baby ok
sorry I don't have you're resting on the
thing so you might be a little wobbly
it's not your computer there's not an
earthquake happening right now where you
are it's just I don't have a time
remember I had a go row remember those
days is this the week you were form
where are you if you get lost along the
way or something I said after weekend
but I think it feels like this is like
the longest pregnancy ever because it
kind of is we've actually been pregnant
for a year the pregnancy announcement
video we put up on April 15th and we
were about eight or nine weeks pregnant
we put that video up so I think we got
pregnant with the baby that we lost
those squid around February maybe
February someone can do the math so and
now it's the end of March which means
we've been pregnant for over a year so I
think psychologically for myself and
Isla it just feels so like oh my
goodness this is like this pregnancy is
make never-ending you know if you guys
do you think is the longest way to ever
yeah year long but it will be so worth
it
it can be so worth it in the next few
days let's do a poll let's do a poll
leave comments of what date you think in
March and how pretty much what date in
March you think the baby's going to be
born okay well I'm going to a place up
here this is sad part of town so I
really would like your parking space me
me me me anyway I've come here because
I'm going to drop all of my genes in to
zippy stage over there
so I think twisty leg might be solved if
I were to get all of these jeans hemmed
is that the words you'd only like bring
them up to a bad ankle ain't so I
figured that maybe because I am like a
32 waist but then I am like probably
like a 27 legs or something like I'm not
I'm not all leg I'm more about upper
body is my length so I'm when I get
jeans it's very hard to get them so they
actually have the right leg and then I
just kind of live with it cuz I'm too
lazy may not work at all
hi so I'm just trying to forget these
jeans leg
you
all right in and getting chopped off I
had to try them all on oh my goodness
look at this thing here just what Erica
would tell me to get look at that scene
there
it's a defender it's a matte black
ridiculous-looking defender there's me
in my siblings it's pretty cool though
isn't it oh yeah just standing around I
miss all is there now oh yeah
finish the chapters or just watching as
old you're doing these days
woman no no no where's the bait waiting
to get your belly button no oh sorry
okay really we can forget this is a
disgusting Pig so did you have fun in
school today mister you love school now
oh I remember a time when you didn't
like school art oh and you cried
remember but now you love school
yeah very quiet okay
yeah that was a long time ago now you're
a big boy all aboard
ah oh we've got something there
what was it oh it's about the water what
was gone it's okay it's gone forever
okay know what it is maybe it's maybe
mom goes live over it okay hold on tight
hold on tight hold on hold on tight or
you ain't get a face hold on tight or
you might get a fresh early in the barn
and : Pilar you like get off ice early
in the morning sitting around spinning
around spinning spinning spinning around
I'm a little dizzy I'm a little dizzy
I love you mister oh you know so did you
keep running over in your car ha ha
hello spider-man are you spider-man oh
my goodness so we got some presents
without compression look what we got so
this one my one yeah on it what no I
don't want that one mullein no I want
this one
sticky toffee egg what did you get wardo
what did you get Amelia hmm what did you
get yeah what is this do you know that
he's probably gonna bill me for this oh
can i my bedroom oh you like it in
medium
did you that Erica play with us
Joker's got one of these oh wait what I
thought it was a soft play let's do oh I
broke it I broke it we go
anyway that's Kieran my lawyer my Irish
lawyer
yeah you should slide over lots of that
legal legal things to do we have to get
out of the way and try to order him a
taxi and Attendance going to two hours I
was like out here I'll Drive you to the
airport
you probably got to fill me a ride don't
you bill me for that bill me for driving
engineer would lawyer anyway I'm headed
home friend I've even seen on it today
my goodness I think she's M I think it
gets very frustrating at the end of a
pregnancy when you just like she's so
tired she has like a full grown child
inside of her feeding on her making her
tired all the time but I cannot thank
Erika saw like all of the difference
like sometimes like my guy loved living
over here in the UK what makes me I you
know I we moved off the UK so I could
like you know grow my business and you
know provide for my family but what are
the hardest things and to anybody who's
moved away from home try and get a job
it's so hard when you haven't got family
around like even like having a
grandmother if either of our parents
were around and we could like drop the
kids off to go into grandma's houses or
might not be amazing we just have like
an assister here for few days and it's
like amazing you know because the kids
love her she's family
unlike just
but uh the end of that conversation
showing me a picture yeah in here Amelia
with drawing pictures she's drawing
pictures I mean yeah we got really good
dinner monkey
okay piggyback what is over Oh what
would happen to our dough and my
shoulders well I'm kind of like damaged
because of yesterday like Kyle is doing
that way no okay guys need to Train
right way to train for when the baby are
you playing on the front okay hold on
hold on why did you climb onto my back
okay no no no no amelia is on my
shoulders you won my back
go climb on come on it doesn't matter no
Amina you're having a shoulder your
shoulder is it possible to do double
pinky backs oh is it possible climb on
you won't you climb on this shoulder
right I mean Lee you climb on the other
shoulder yeah yeah yeah no no no meet it
you get on to put your put your legs
over here yeah yeah now hold on to your
brother okay now edoardo you hold on to
are you ready for this so where else
first double piggyback nobody calls
again is but the record it's the world's
first keep while vlogging we did it
assist descend here you can see me did
you so far yeah you do a part okay okay
I'm about to break Bendis about to break
hey let me get it down is it Erica's
turn guys see if you can do it America
what
oh hi hi can I be in your video
oh hello are you a professional youtuber
are you oh wow oh hey no no KY be in
your video
no no what are you doing here a girl a
nice male 1 hello choose name I got a
nice feeling to scream I love my talk
reporter you Makka pakka
please Michael pakka oh all right come
on you guys stay here and watch your
makka pakka
did you name your dog Stevie stinky and
Rufus Nicky necklace
Nicky can you lie Oh Nicky has yellow
eyes dispersity no Evan Elias
we shower and we got our pyjamas all
right and for the teeth brushing five
four three
it's the end of the night don't get a
fright Anna is eating food there's
donkeys omelette enough there is donkeys
over here Elia everybody cries I'm
eating much she achieved the right tasty
would you go for those are these new
ones the other side minion Pitta chips
straight fresh from New York walk it
tastes like New York
never fries fake number five great I
think I never would have got it later
okay I was using their level of spices
oh one second
doesn't Chile make you and juice stand
and then as you might've actually this
is that sort of what doesn't that spicy
food they go into labor it never worked
on you nothing works on you
you're like the anti labor I keep you
posted if so much yeah baby I have to
get up tomorrow morning and go into
London really early I'm doing am there's
that it's ad week which is like this big
am advertising community thing going on
central London's and talk some tiles and
stuff so I'm going to go tomorrow
morning really early that's going to be
fun
you can come too it'll be exciting so
look for hundred tomorrow until then my
friends I beat you farewell good night
do a good my thing
you
