no no no no no no
hey guys and welcome to the 19th day of
the statement of the best year of your
life
and we're off on a daring adventure
really early we are way too early for
way too early on a Sunday actually the
wake-up time was rising and I didn't
even set in the lion I just woke up like
a clock you know where you woke up under
Cox and you
yeah I woke up like this I was like oh
he went to bed mayor berry then watch
your 15 members of the guild over in
comics if you like the Gilmore Girls
American anime watch it there's a out
past tenses sold even when you want it
now it looks so old like we have arrived
our destination friends arrived at their
hop air hop you guys ready
hare hop you guys ready to hop in the
air it is ginormous that whole thing
media is filled with trampolines wait
wait for us hello alright we are here in
traveling world it's called air up and I
go to look we got special stocks we're
in the media went from Pauline world
you ready Amelia one look nice oh and
why don't we just watch the video that's
it don't do that
why don't we stop all right working in
child drift
tran1 your job right you gotta go one
side all the way to the other side see
Mary coward
Oh
negatory oh my god a sorry part of it is
I'm getting out of here
there's no glamour involves getting out
of the foam pit they're going to rescue
Minnie are you coming to give me a
rescue and interact you uh trying to go
to the basketball court left air huh
okay you want to consider fun boy what
would you want to go to Owen oh we got
another one okay just be careful okay
we're going to try and bounce into this
house okay okay
Edward oh oh oh no what are you doing Oh
all right we're going to do the Holly
jump time okay so we got to do is you
got to build the wall up and you're
going to see if you can jump over the
wall okay we start off with three blocks
okay do you think that you can jump over
that
Wow no no no no no no no oh my goodness
how much what is this ah no fun for
preggers you have it put in there well
what would happen if you did would you
comment imagine a bit of a balance a
little baby put about - delivery bed
woman has her baby a trampoline park how
like into it they are yeah I know I know
we should get one of these at home so
apparently you burn a thousand calories
an hour in his place
I don't know as I've broken my arms in
my legs we'll find out in a few hours
but that was so much fun oh my god
trampoline world guys is the best one
ever
I want to build trampoline world in my
house hey guys you can keep the socks
right
and then when we go into trampoline at
home you can wear your trampoline socks
yeah
you guys know one of the most annoying
things about being pregnant right now
especially in this later stage of
pregnancy is spilling things on my bunk
I don't know how many times I've talked
about this either on snapchats on here
everywhere but literally every single
day I feel like especially towards the
end of the day when I've eaten more I
will drop something on my bump like so
because it's like a shelf it just tends
to catch everything but it's so annoying
and I've got so many stains on tops that
way something that I found really helped
to get the stains out without the
clothes feeling over washed
I hate over washing my clothes not that
many things fit me as well so you know I
kind of want to keep the things that
make me feel good feeling fresh and
feeling new I'm gonna show you guys
something that really helps me when I'm
washing my clothes and that doesn't make
them feel like they're over washed and
keeps them feeling new so Jonas has got
a bomb stain as well what don't you do
thing or did you force it all over your
phone yes for the millionth time what
aren't we like your hair look John since
that would do and you don't even have a
phone this is the stuff I use it's the
Ariel three-in-one pod these things
right here let me show you what they
look like they're really squishy and you
just throw one into your wash they feel
cool the touch as well you should get
these just to like feel it yeah and they
smell nice too but um okay so basically
that's the only thing that gets like
this stains out for me without having it
feel worn afterwards and it keeps even
though you need to do even though you
wash it like even if you wash it lots of
times it keeps it feeling new and fresh
so that is my little handy tip for you
guys if you have both stains like me
destroy this your wash or if you has
dads day
oh dude okie do first ah okay I'm
worried about back might be broken
Rocco I can't really spend my next year
well come on edge pop roots fool anyway
where are we Amelia
Peron and what are we doing here okay
well you have them breakfast I'll be
back you got a bill for pancakes right
exactly
breakfast and bills it does feel like it
is like midday or lunchtime but as a
matter of fact it's 9 a.m. in the
morning if we're already here oh my gosh
that was so much fun though guys I'm not
sure how much I might have to like
montage a ton of it because the music
was like blaring the whole time so we
might have some montage a lot of this
but hopefully we can keep some of the
talking and stuff in because it was so
much fun
Eduardo love this didn't you did you
love trampoline bro what is the most fun
ever huh yeah I love you in the window
Pikachu pika pika pika pika Pikachu me
it is move them yeah yeah you just be
like keep it out alright anyway let's go
to bills and get some pancakes
be ready Amelia
let me just think it has been singing
the whole way home when you're telling
me you want a green juices on screen
did you like Erica's one immediate try
some of Erica's wonder is it good we can
order you your own one our baby he was
like I know just you and me Mia it's
really good for you
why does he want a green juice no way
you guys order some pancake font on
Georgia kanpai listeners munching and I
drink is just greens inside
I didn't order pong Horsham well a what
you get on cause man I got pancakes
Amelia got pancakes
Eduardo's our pancake myself and
heiresses that's the same thing we
always order the same thing don't notice
that over here you can get Monday's off
no I think it's a hollandaise sauce
commissioner might use that here we go
yeah yeah all the years that we've
traveled together we always end up
getting the same thing
career she another green yeah yeah you
can have that the fine cakes have
arrived the pancakes of arrived we can
take a ride
Erica see the hollandaise I don't see
the hollandaise oh I wonder these good
let's see how much let's find out
let's test bill let's see right this is
still as Oh to fill them oh that was
good that was good they're good they're
good eggs Erica oh yeah I see you're
looking for
bring me along go for that I wasn't on
I'm too heavy
oh my god this guy's is a Sun glorious
Sun then it feels right you're up so
early and it's such a fun activity this
morning
it feels like it's so much later than
actually is
you're not crushing to the table oh it
was like a little burner ha put that D
Drive go up what's the time why are we
taking our coats off we'll hold on let
me put this up yeah coats can go over
the back Oh Erica take your bow oh
there's two both oh you got her you got
to do a three-point turn all the way
watch out for dinner cars behind you I
mean they're not even looking front of
you
all right now spin it turn the wheel
turn the wheel turn the wheel turn turn
turn turn
oh wait wait wait wait all right
backwards reverse reverse reverse
oh jeez reverse reverse you'll make it
oh we also need to think of things if
you guys give us any suggestions for
guardo's birthday
I started getting with the John Deere
collection that I got this it also comes
with like a JCB again a proper tractor
JCB type things for them it's only for
like one it's only a one Peter not
worried I like it meaning Eduardo such a
little team and they love saying we're
doing everything together so I'm not
sure then it's like these like quads I
don't know if they're he's too young for
a quad like I like em I think it's like
25 species quadrants on that you know so
I don't know if they're ready for that
later so you guys give me any ideas what
is hot right now for three year old boys
why is the thing the thing for three
year old boys if you have a three year
old boy or four oh boy let me know let
me know I want to comment below would
that be very appreciative watch is going
on here
why shake it little bunny rabbit suit
him and the vanity Oh huh they repair
the vanity or a pair new vision be
anchored you declare and I'll be obscene
Rd results do you act in pairs all the
time they're funny to it if they have
their little gang what are you doing are
you excuse me music excuse me we think
it holds it we didn't hold you a
gardener
Hey
