honey hold on tight
I got your hair I hope I got the
squirrel in our garden and I think he's
digging a hole you're gonna wear what I
think you can see me oh he's off hello
and welcome to the 19th best day of the
third month of the best year of your
life friends and it was beautiful as
always my favorite wife Lizzie give all
my wife and you made such as you watch
Nana's video oh it was a bit what you
said you might we're best friends and I
was like ah so did she stop left me and
human need to be mid no one thought that
you were crying
ha ha what's a good way you're just like
she just goes like you he's just my best
friend I was like oh my god what I was
really nice how people might feel at me
everyone forgets to say nice things
about me that's not true what all the
colors are you guys losing Congress I
doesn't mean II any normal I just your
guys I never touch a hash I love honor
and as it may worsen where's the high
strike Jonathan I just don't see them
they just a squirrel in my garden kids
enter playing Simon Says wait Erica
they're so funny feeling we're not going
to the park we're just going for noise
no no it's happening
I told people this weed and helmet
velvetine alright well yeah we're going
to the park Amelia made apparent Amelia
can now go in the zip wire in the local
playground think she's very excited to
show everybody for you so we need to go
there now
yeah God Erica Jean
what
Eduardo are you a good superhero
birthday girl your spider woman whoa hey
guys I have a question don't kill me
I have a question to ask you both of you
come in here or did you come in here do
you know these boxes are these daddy's
toys have you ever had one because look
I opened one up and I noticed that
somebody had opened it and taken a
little bite out of it huh was it you
what did you did you not like it because
it was open and there was just a little
tiny bite taken out of it and I was
trying to figure out who did it why
didn't you eat the whole thing you
didn't like it when did you do that one
like it wardo don't point the table I
will kill me okay we're about to leave
and there's a beeping hand where's the
beeping coming from CSI tell me get in
here - soccer thing I'll close Karthi
not there can be no stopping no here no
not down here clicking - car CB beeping
and like me ever mom
maybe there's a safety feature how do
you take it out no way it was installed
probably I just I just choose to decide
that's honestly what I saw I love them
with it was put in the car
wrong it hasn't alarmed yeah because I
was like oh maybe technology is like
moved on from do you remember we had one
devolve oh we first like bloopers dude
and when the seatbelt when we Ord want
one we rescued Hector to London
relocation
how would she remember that yeah like oh
my my name is too much I don't know
so look this cover came off and I was
like clicking and around when the cover
is on that's what stops the center is
obviously here so when you looking
pushed it in so when it sits on the
ground if it's not properly engaged the
alarm goes off but as mud I'm never ever
I didn't even know about that smoke
sorry even know about that safety
features my culo so when you if you hear
the beeping going off we're driving you
to say daddy stop okay stop
you watch that what man your sister
might fly out the window whoa what Matt
when the beeping sound like oh gosh I
yeah just like why don't you hear the
beeping sound what are you gonna do mmm
Karen that good boy
that's me lad that's me little son of a
gun take care practice Oh God me kid
that's me kids like me kiddies huh
chilly chilly chilly Eddie's right let's
go let's go guys
what
the park and so isn't it so windy and
the meanest boat like that looks like
it's gonna fall over
whoo someone Oh rattling it someone
let's go in this entrance yeah Carrie
party I mean I don't hold on to you at
all you can do this all by yourself
I'm good I've you if you witness for
doing this don't need holding on at all
can I know there's no way to see anyway
I'm in the way
I've excited to see you do this all by
yourself
should I not run wait you just in case
should I not remind your friends
anything is something it is it you
should tell me really funny
hold on tight that'd be nice nice yeah
what Arnie hold on tight
hey I got your head I hope it on hold on
now it's springtime screen Tom same time
it's a race guys to the swinging race
they're swinging so much Jim
maybe high-fiving foot a 45 foot five
well is the sky all right if you ordered
higher subscribe you want to go up there
are you going to carry the vitamin you
can take it now you can take your items
let me take your items all right let's
go everybody we have our supplies
all right we have come to solidi crest
to become the solid Express O'Keefe a
practice piece Express actually redone
wilted leather hood so this is the boys
side the boys and handbag side it would
seem this is the girls side which is the
better side wardo the boys side and soon
there's going to be another little girl
over there it's pushed in the middle
we've got it all this room to ourselves
mr. the boys can wear what you want you
want these little guys here path to
achieve we're drawing tests they're
going to bring them now okay don't be
alarmed
hello and the water look Affairs affair
it easy everybody
I realize that in there yeah yeah
those are my pieces the cheese fries
he's expressed in fact it looks like a
sorry sight what hello what
I'm right here your monkey really went
for the past option what else with the
cheesy pieces for ya it looks like so
bear I asked to add pepperoni because I
figured it might be cheaper
what is that cheeky daddy up there is
how she's how to count in mouse house
later on baby those kitties are made of
them
the inside is constant Palestine
Oh what range of Erica intervention
caramel provide Jonathan Jonathan
boilesen column a or banana Allah Allah
Karim Allah
Eduardo a waggle aside it was Ricardo
media what's with your friends glue glue
with your friend here where'd you get to
do from your bow
meow you're gonna break it daddy needs
your friends to play again ha ha hey hey
we're your friends
show me you have Jonathan into play
point my friends yes we lost like one
right perfect
and then she obviously pick one off and
he's like friend yeah show me a friend
that we're doing weird alright are we
guys ready
oh you want the table in okay where's
your drink guys it was a meal deal a
meal deal yeah a meal deal is when you
get a meal as a deal to get a drink and
some popcorn
now what movie are we watching again
yeah you Julius or anything erik has
ever seen this so no spoilers there's
already just it's finally it's pretty
funny oh we were there we were there all
right I want to have a quick chat with
you guys about this calendar situation
right so I wanted to give away the
excess calendars that we had okay and I
was like eh these comments and then
we'll pull comments and then we'll put
your name at the end and your comment
and you'll wear the calendar and it was
cool and everyone would be like so many
columns and is really cool one thing we
couldn't figure out right was how to I
tried to like Oh a private message
everybody's channels that's one oh you
can't I couldn't seem to private message
anybody so I was like okay well then
people are tweeting me saying they want
but then multiple people or tweeting me
telling me that they are the person who
said they won those like oh no how am I
supposed to figure out who actually is
the right person then it got really
complicated keep leaving all comments
it's really nice to go log on to the
video
in even constat eight or nine o'clock
I'll always like spend like an hour
something that reading to everyone's
comments and somebody enjoy that part of
putting up content for you guys and then
waiting a little while and then reading
your comments and getting like your
feedback and and it and when you like
quote things or you mention things I'm
like isn't that that's why I edited that
way that's why I did it that way it can
probably that's more fun for you guys
well it's just like do like some giant
raffle thing where everyone is going to
win or something like that a lot of
people are going to win I might try to
continue doing like comment of the day I
might try and keep the Knox Lee now it's
kind of cool because I'm times a
recently of collars I think they're so
funny
you know I know sometimes people say so
that's really nice and I'm like yeah we
should like promote the positive I
promote people Eve really good comments
so please keep leaving those comments
and let me know what you guys think
actually I pull a comment every day and
stick it at the end this vlog and you
know make it like it did you enjoy that
you know and anyone that's actually won
a calendar that I thought was their name
was at the end of the saying don't worry
when we do to be raffle thing you guys
have already won we'll figure out a way
to find out
don't worry oh you okay we'll figure
something out we have a plan okay
alright I just wanted to say that good
that no anyway I'm going to have some DS
ditchy Organic apparently they're jaffa
cakes okay so jaffa cakes but they're
not call of jaffa cakes and okay coffee
all right friends
that's my plan see you guys tomorrow
you
