Emilia should we challenge Erica you
have to do a press up with Amelia
sitting on you yeah hey watch it
get up yeah that's not a breath up
comforter mornin dear friends and
welcome to the 17th of the third month
of the best year of your life and happy
st. Patrick's Day
nobody's guys guys we project a the guys
wearing green their business you know
what where's your green now forget
Pink's if you don't wear green or
something I think is it your kind of our
green hello oh I know 18 hello so Erica
the toilets are free now in England do
you think if you come last month papered
up maybe nightmare
you know I'm trying to talk here I used
to be 50 days free again you got to be
cool feature about had you be cool with
the tickets don't reach back to your
ticket in this is your first time in a
London taxi
Erica's feet don't even touch the floor
the guy sitting with you oh I should
grow up will flog you and you feel so
for you if I go over before Erica can
you speak except of course would you
ever get attached to a guy
a little like jonathon cool so many ask
Erica in a QA Genovia fire kiss Q&A
video that's quite a clever name
I was not sure why isn't Eric Acosta
Cody Jolie officials are asking no hey
you know it was always a new feature
these are my wife I might all of the
Dakotas they're all Ciccone joel is out
although if I married your mom yeah then
you both becomes the majority baby yeah
that's the trick surprise yeah we're
going in to see the baby in st.
Patrick's Day come on come on now little
another Patrice
no and your eric is going to see the
baby today that's really exciting
because we're going for a full Anatomy
scan just to see what's going on there
Oberlin it's a full big scan it's not
just the guy a gross camping so you're
free to 4d nothing well they looking at
our stuff no no all is it all I thought
every time were you crafting after that
was already we go see a 4d one
everything and hoping she's facing the
right way
thank you see yeah you can base it on
something in your face catch me outside
what do you think of that about our
program and then Ann Mazzara
Erica's gonna grant see if they know the
difference
it's just command like hey so about the
baby uh-huh
yeah yeah like it will take you above
you okay well let's get that new room we
share packages look like she line in a
position for 40 faith yeah it doesn't
read question that even when she's
moving like there's not a lot of room
populist l5 nearing the baby pink
I'm a move your pinch every Indian I
hi we are out although was that planting
the baby huh doesn't yeah I know it
doesn't look like we're having the same
path you say baby friends what our OB
was wearing a green 5 December here
bringing Erica some I see replace the
natural kitchen oh it's the best place
is the best place all right Eric first
time in that rotation and she got the
vegan smoothie check it taste it what do
you reckon there's him you can make
clothes out of that whether you're while
you're waiting and I got some broccoli
with our kale and I got the rose and
strong coconut orange and coconut oil or
something pineapple orange coconut oil
yeah yeah Oh sick no curfew Erica's ah
Tamara dude our got a boob job from male
Idol you think we're really like oh yes
he does wear that something with
eyeshadows anyway this is where I got I
got no I don't need any boob issues and
you're young and you enjoy it it's the
best food you're ever going to need in
your life of y'all like realized we kind
of made the Irish flag like green white
gold
if happy st. Patrick's Day is it on
purpose I'm reading this book let's go
come on
oh yeah iffy oh we're going to do just a
ranch realtor victoria we've got three
minutes to make this train my gears like
these we bounce enough like we're killin
eyes okay
you know
there's no point in me making the train
and nobody else making the Train we made
it
Oh subscribe Oh
is he actually the same train then we
got here this name graffiti he oh yeah
we are home when a meanie is here and
she's going to drink beer on the Friday
afternoon don't you do a ballet Oh
who dad well I guess what a media mommy
did not get your sister today
Zoomer daddy was hoping that your
sisters come on st. Patrick's Day
because they come tomorrow yo papa huh
you don't say did you know what's a
Patrick's Day today did you did your
friend in school knows the magic signal
no did your teacher I bet your teacher
did cuz she's from Ireland
she didn't oh my goodness you should
have went in this outfit it's kind of
st. Patrick's Day ish Oh Amelia is off
to ballet and Erica is coming with her
and Eduardo might come too if he enjoys
the ballet and mommy and daddy enjoy the
time we had to Joe said I love you I
love you children but sometimes I love
with your actor activities don't mean I
love you laughs and it's going to get
her waxing done to make sure that
everything's nice and neat and tidy to
present the baby what Eduardo where's my
green heart with the green heart you
made for daddy
negative art is wearing corrected attire
for st. Patrick's Day
here's an oakiness resume hey cargo key
decision yeah
oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh I was going
to talk to you know could Eduardo made
me a green island heart thanks Eduardo
so I'm going to get my last waxing done
before baby gets here which is exciting
but also kind of like it's not like a
pleasant experience ever
you know actually under I'm it I like
getting my underarms done I don't know
does that make me weird well I get
really sad like but seriously I do and
but I just want everything to be nice
and clean before the baby comes because
afterwards you can't redo all that much
and you know everything is a bit sore so
it's better to get it done now so I'm
going to go hopefully I don't forget to
pay for parking this time because that's
what happened last time I just baby
brain like completely forgot and so we
actually remember and yeah going to go
get underarm and lady bits right just
finished relaxing it only took like half
an hour that was really quick but look
what I just saw when I got off on the
winter are on the Maris's say don't that
make you feel a whole lot better and
that's exactly the feeling that I got
when I got up from being waxed -
actually it's really good quote I was
sweating the whole time that was my bad
and there's like a heated and sheet
underneath a blanket like stop burning
up because my temp body temperature is
naturally higher well all done I'm all
axed and that took no time which was
really really good
can't believe this is it before the baby
like exciting sweating buckets
my radar we're watching the big bird
we just the story everybody well here
well let's all off with everyone's
wearing their st. Patrick's Day clothes
Oh what Big Bird's going to sleep guys
oh they were snoring well the ketchup or
the quick shot to numb to say goodnight
to say good much at the end of Coney
jollies every day we had like a thing
where we worried in like a goodnight
song good night
at the end of another
Emilia should we challenge Erica to see
if she's a good on P okay Erica you have
to do a challenge Wow okay now you have
to do a press-up what Amelia sitting on
you and see how many you can do what you
can try and do one try with Eduardo
first see how many you can do
alright so get an impressive position
Eduardo climb on Erica alright we do
this all the time this is a training
wait demonstrate demonstrate an exchange
let's get on Google are those are both
of you no no try what do you find on
okay
you are looking front lever on my back
okay let's decide then one yeah hey
watch out how am I gonna beat this right
yeah okay let's do did you do a class
ready alright that's the NYT enter Angie
Eric you can do we'll start off with
Eduardo he's actually he's the gentle
entry child climb on
alright here we go one y ji media come
on what get on me
why would you do three that's pretty
good fight a media hop on climb on board
why don't you gotta move to the front
water move to the front
get down for a sledge wire to move up to
the front he gets onto your shoulders
honey
alright here we go the ultimate test
ready go yeah what get up yeah yeah
that's not a breath oh my gosh like that
so that's the challenge
hey wait you won you won
yeah immediate chef I got boy cheater
put your legs like over here open my
holiday yeah yeah yeah no media you
scooch up there you go alright no media
gun oh here we go here we go do it do it
do it
well yeah well wases we get the baby
what I didn't mix yeah this is training
this is proper baby minding training am
i I'm envious of all the people who have
family how much easier isn't it Rarick
is there like to have family around is
so much better isn't it amazing
recommend kind of annoyed right now
because one of my little dog just marked
the toy box I just need a wicker well on
the plus side you have a belly banded
now they need a playroom dog room dining
room and kitchen videos dressing room is
your room at all last people
Oh
