Oh
hey guys and welcome to the 16th day of
the third month spent here I'm your lad
yay look what Edward is wearing baggy
getting me all laughing it's not round
three it's Ferrari no goalie yeah
Ferrari know that Ferrari me different
yes it's a Ferrari horn why were you
going he's not interested in me anymore
because Erica's here so that's more fun
to him so that's why I've just been
abandoned before I went swimming today
for the first time by himself in a big
boy class and it was quite traumatic
I think and scary because he cried I
believe and but he still did it so I'm
really proud of him and he's moved up
and he's now doing the same kind of
class as a media which is unbelievable
and you started as a baby and now he
just come so far we've just been hanging
out at home Erica's here healthy I don't
really but you're coming back to me when
I come back
here's Erica she's having her breakfast
it's like daddy's isn't it ah
yes yeah it's getting old and I don't
drop it because it's expensive and back
yeah come on students now back to being
spoiled yeah mmm
it does look like a spider and kiss
editing her this year what I ate
Wednesday yeah you play piano in it yeah
yeah oh he's so happy because he saw
tears how all themselves
this morning's is a media that school
heading it to pick up a little look
media yes we keep getting confused with
Eric my upside down I keep getting her
confused with Eric Erica
whenever Eric I mean really seriously
are you for real Thank You
Aragon Amelia are just names that I get
confused with like when the two of them
are around also because Eric I was like
not like my first child but like I was
saying how you were like my first time I
want yeah well things I always get
Amelia and Erika like the names mixed up
well I think is because I remember Aaron
Cass
sorry I remember Eric when she was like
Amina as age so obviously I like think
of them as the same in a way it's really
weird anyway okay so we're off to
collect the media now and characters
come in with me
guess who's back back again Amelia you
and me haven't even been in the blog
today can you believe these things can
you believe it what if you got there
aren't you singing for these guys
are they Sylvain Ian's got to attempt it
what pages you have fun in a thank you
my good side
you got some different in your room yeah
he came back what they drove a nians and
near vain who gave you a vein Ian where
did you get a baby in from Annika
what did you give her a Vania ha ha ha
ha are you going to fella did you know
immediate warda went swimming today in a
fake boy class yeah he swung on his own
without daddy look at that top look at
that tub I bought you that in Sorrento
huh it's a sign wardo need a Ferrari 7
seater actually you got a Ferrari FF
which is kind of like the Ferrari @gv
type you take you know Maserati do an
SUV
I don't know that g-wagen that's
haunting my soul but it's summertime
some are sad visit and I would think it
was a kiss man you guys encouraging
every one of Commons in G wagons an
amazing family car orgy class so I think
I might go check with that I've left one
off what a frightful a highly big trends
if I don't change me - sunshine fire 420
years he kept using magic on me now I'm
taking she's not by help what a fire
head all right that's it I'm getting
that here guys all right climb on board
all right reverse what
okay you ready white oh all right take
it back in reverse Oh what what you guys
use double e's oh my goodness I love
this thing look like a best investment
Oh burn it out I don't think that's
gonna work that doesn't work very well
in the grass Oh getting some revised
lads you can live the summer outside and
everything okay we drive it on the grass
and you put it on turbo mode it works
better but lucky you put in Reverse
first no you wanted me over hold it the
enemy that hold us there now push put in
Hey
don't run over to flower pot the crust
is so nice just being outside you know
it feels like summary oh yeah sure
so a tree might fall down in front of us
and it'll be cool if it does let's wait
here and see little 6 knots as well I
know I think I'll speak being sexually
came from the tree look at the size of
those things
those big luck there and there's and
he's so good an entire huge tree wears
like timber that would be cool and there
we are going off he's got the kids on
board ha ha Erica and ina have come with
me we're going to look at a g-wagen oh
ah
so those it I like this ruff
Jhoanna what's this one instead you know
what would be nicer than this air you
can have that white SLS there they could
destroy Oh 2p1
yeah a little bit eccentric only four
see yeah I know
supply is rolls-royce wife husband
surprises roll it fly for the
rolls-royce look at these saying huh do
you love it let me get inside so nice oh
my goodness guys this thing is crazy
look at it oh oh oh my goodness oh my
goodness this could be crazy guys a
g-wagen me and the g-wagen oh my god
this thing is special
what do you think guys is it ridiculous
the space in the back isn't actually too
bad
Oh was it doors it was space in the back
there's another one there too gray when
he's getting the keys for it to show us
the gray one I've got the TVs those that
the kids would be happy oh my goodness
so nice so cool you know I mean like
yeah that's so practical but this is
just so cool
there's no other word away to explain
just cool waiting for the keys Eric is
trying to get a shot into 675lt some
Aijaz yeah which one a laser pointer
taking it for a test drive
yes that would be of course is it a
Ferrari
no it's really nice Jonathan it really
like I feel like it really suits you a
lot better and so when you saw yet all
day well I just feel to like you like to
cool that it suits you thank you sir or
I could just buy my Maserati back oh I
missed this guy he used to be best
friends huh or an f12
he said that in yeah that's Eddie I said
oh I've never owned the car that had
side exhaust I noticed
the sound of it is about a ver I said
the duardo it's a monster truck and he's
like does it growls like actually it
does he growls like a monster let's get
one each rook really it's a bit of a
monster
it's amazing to drive though
what tell me again now yeah yeah hey
yeah so are they going on right ready
okay ponder it second and then kiss
laughs yeah I'll do better tonight okay
okay you're going to do it with Erica
show me the downtube ambushes or
whatever it is oh really
today no way okay under the bus
under see some bum bum - love you my
darling
hello oh you're just doing it literally
yeah and I was pretty good well done
Amelia and why don't you know it no it
actually comes off the wall what sharing
away suggest you pull the TV off the
wall well it's a levitating TV hey I'm
so sure
and I watched about bed bigots on my
iPad
oh we need to Sylvania bump I do people
make videos at Sylvania Wow oh is that
gonna be your niche I watch you
oh you are sick you promised them who's
your favorite YouTube family
better be ciccone Jodi's her eyes are
fired my my parents your parents why
Jane I'm a amazing honest Eduardo who's
your favorite youtuber but this game is
useless and I don't just take your
toothbrush ours are brushing your teeth
are you a big girl okay
in order to answer in order to find out
if you are a big girl you need to answer
it the quiz I think you should put all
this the facto nothing if you want
Beyonce's what why you tell he was I
gonna her you fall up the stairs Oh fart
on Erica do it do it do it big one one
he wants to show you her big toothbrush
is it like Erica one futuristic and I
wanted to like not fan could I do
I remember this - what I mean y'know
need is to wear these all the time you
need your shoes off
what are you going to do are you trying
to fit your foot into a little ballet
shoe actually isn't that the beauty and
the beach you why no why no I do not
think that is a shoe for you I think
it's fun to build-a-bear of beauty and
the beach toys is a you look fabulous
darling
I'm gonna love it wires say I'm fabulous
getting your daughter's outfit for
tomorrow like total hope because over
here it doesn't mean and no one is
celebrating Patty's Day but it is
Patrick's Day when you're watching this
yeah this is pops nice day nice but I
know we're over here accelerates it so
we're going to make the kids super Irish
tomorrow during it a green short we have
green shorts but it might be they won't
see the weather's like well I think it's
big Halloween gets too cold torment it
within the mood of the red beard don't
you scream that's character self what is
it
here you are a pretty girl y'all ready
for st. Patty's Day tomorrow really you
have to say happy st. Patrick's Day to
all your friends you have to be extra
Irish tomorrow so when someone says oh
media where you from you say what you
say where are you from where were you
born in me now all right what what point
is Sorrento where were you born in right
Oh what okay is everyone here born in
Sorrento okay society that was born in
Dublin this is Amelia Amelia your mommy
is American
you
