good morning and welcome to the 15th
best day of the third month of the best
year of your life friends and my new car
finally arrived we decided to go with a
kind of a classic one I immediately
realized that it all pink cars got a
luggage space up there and it's a
classic I think it was door just broke
yeah I don't think it's going to stand
out too much what do you guys think let
me know it comes with a driver
I think wellies ok so my car this is a
the benefit team hey they promised they
wouldn't do anything to me if I let them
indicate the fixed route no no that we
can get you in this thing we've got to
we've got to new old stations of always
using tools I like black I've had my
craft on yes yes absolutely the hurt no
no I know everyone's shouting I never do
it so I insist we get you in there with
an eye on you two together
oh my goodness guys why am i agreeing to
this I'm trying to hide up here it's not
good thinking you know what do I have
any pink clothes to get a laugh at it
address more appropriate now join the
team a little partner team see I don't
know the weather so it's looking about
ok here we go
my first time would you be really
excited to watch this well then I'm fine
hello like a bikini wax
wait wait left no no I'm just saying I'm
not getting you to keep okay okay very
well I'm not like a mankini watch either
imagine we want to enjoy a bit of
tequila that would that would be painful
I don't know yeah probably but you have
to go for a brow arch you know we'll
lift
quite 1395 which is very on trend at the
moment
he's getting me do it not show yes cool
a up okay okay take you on the phone let
me show you what we're going to do well
now I can't see it though okay thank you
sister
all we're gonna do is just wipe this
middle bit here cuz no one is that I
know Heather that's quite not had that
which means well I guess normal it's
normal and then what we're going to do
is just my vibe being an embarrassment
to myself yeah you I go out as you can
see is okay so then we're going to work
just a little bit on here you see Rose
your hair is hanging down I'll get it
written that a long and I know
I'm such amazing isn't it it's like they
said it's emotion thing because I think
like that was my from a Brandon yeah got
yours yet your again oh it's just a
perfect that was that yeah okay and then
with the crush up a little bit okay okay
now we have a site okay yeah don't laugh
hahahaha now gives you the waxing you
look you don't like there was a we doing
one go right the one disease I'm going
to do the middle bit in one go I'm just
being the temperature of it to make sure
it's not too hot and it's perfect
so look right eyes even higher it
doesn't even let pop my book ahead of it
it won't be honest II eyebrows keeping
that yet beating i Brett I'm not lying
to you leg and between anywhere in the
word yeah I'm I'm doing that on Friday
Oh God just support the city this is all
hot okay great multi-home sorry no going
back now that's it one less you want to
have a nice back brows up like this okay
okay all right I like jumping it's
flying fancy Oh fine isn't it Wow what
am I had the fire I'm sure looks really
really good just that tiny amount ok
greatest no single bit that was
fine though wasn't it be honest are you
feeling my faces
that's that you've got both it look like
that not me okay so I'm going to
decipher it now so if I try for me once
you don't want any little excess head
it's all my were like Twitter my life
your actions you know why sure
yeah but if you like my notion relax
more yeah it's not bad it is not really
good because it doesn't look like
dramatically different
so exactly it's just Heidi that is
really like the next otherwise it's near
you're naked when you're sprinting right
it's hot you are like a millennium to go
right I can feel the minute hair you got
there okay no we're going to change a
couple of them as well relax is bad wait
for the train route on time and it you
have to tweet about this road you need
to stay still yeah Jim I think about
yeah yeah these guys are things
yeah how they can come over it hello
over three horse okay but that's really
just one hanging down here that we
showed me actually go to wax a little
bit I know is that any two-bit just one
more tiny bit it's not because we don't
he'll feel much better
yeah already
the Basilica enjoy be done it's a clinic
like a tiny bit nice to go I would make
sure they really don't know what you
have to shave it is no no no I got to
help me and I cannot going to suck the
only browser come with me every week I
can oh right okay this tiny girls in my
eyes didn't is no no God Batman okay so
words of warning one of the warning I
didn't want to warn you because I feel
like you do yeah domestic it's not worth
it I like a right this is going to see
takes a litera oh how lovely
where are you going look that off nice
okay get up benefit people actually
still in the house so I'm going to go
collect the kids from school into my
dashing pink out tire and hopefully
Amelia I get to see the thing because I
think Amelia is going to like loser
loser self I mean she's going to love it
so much a massive big pink truck in the
house is going to look so cool
are you reading me that are you ready
now don't run wait here
get the wait here we're getting wardo
come on
here's a wait are you ready to see this
calm down are you ready for a pink truck
how cool is this
sit in the back come on it can't be you
didn't believe me
wait did you not know you want to get in
the window Wow
should this be daddy's new car okay
Cybil round how cool is that you maybe
need a little bit yeah okay you get it
man so beautiful
Wow Eduardo what do you need done
Jonathan is what why are you gonna want
everything she's God I know
what about a little bit indicate one oh
my goodness now what is happening okay
Amelia you can pick one of them one cake
it's like the Russian it's actually a
makeup thing yeah yeah culinary yeah you
fellas know we thought it was a it was
like an insulin oh I lost clearly knows
the ground for now I didn't get one did
yeah
oh my goodness are you excited that's
all over Philip oh yeah got an order
okay just to clarify we just is not
sponsored by stock up okay
but it just so happens that I think I
got everything I got pushes itself from
soccer okay but I'm interested call me
we'll make a deal anyway look a bit Oh
in a magic think like in literally a few
days maybe our little baby is going to
be sitting in here this is this is her
transportation from leaving the hospital
huh now switch place not bad ever
there's a baby in there oh it's so nice
isn't it this should match the astroturf
it doesn't it what you think she gonna
sit there say about your traps guys it's
actually really good and value for money
if you think about it like we bought
Amelia's one and she still has it today
and she's probably going to have it
forever yeah and you icing on them
sometimes you know see they do work then
this pamphlet yeah I thought I tried
that was cool
no we never had a trade when when I saw
it and I was like you know what they
don't wish the table in their babies or
when they're doing the yeah what they do
table no but they're not you do not
reach the table and they're like sitting
on the floor yeah we don't you know we
were doing the shadows reading the
tomatoes yeah yeah that's so we just
pushed it although we did okay whoa I
thought it was an event a 20 quid or
something don't quote me ash and the
harness and then we got her this one
because Amelia had the other one there's
two pink options yeah oh she still has
the disease oh she does now all right so
let's build some stuff let's build some
things I want to put the trips I party
kids get home she'll be so excited
when she's at home and hanging around
the house when she's traveling with her
eyes a fixed base time when she's having
her lunch she can sit on her own
trip-trap that's the evolution we're now
ready for the baby will I be able to
lick the Bible which I will there we go
now licking them out my god lieutenant
climate
okay I'm deaf I so whatever baby can
sister baby just a baby
okay dosages homie do I get in you tell
me man yeah hey was aids almost told me
once
oh my goodness hello now cries the
baby's asleep
you'll be very quiet I got baby
Annabelle put in here so when the kids
come home it actually looks quite real
everybody mmm I gotta kick get it the
remake of visualize what yeah look here
we had baby substance what are you right
what's your next we need to take it and
then you'll have a ticket on them let's
grab one
oh I got a ticket I don't know if you
notice but what about to have a baby
people we're having a baby
and just in case we have the baby in the
middle of the night as I can walking by
the sea note about him anyway we decided
to call in some man some support
oh it's gotten very dark it's got very
dry people oh my goodness I cannot
believe we fitted out that that was very
tight okay I will hold it wireless and
media hold his other hand the hold is
wireless other hands all right we'll
walk as a family okay hold on
Oh family without without mommy okay no
no no careful guys careful guys guys if
I can't trust you if I can't trust you
if I can't trust you
there we go okay now I have to figure
out where we are in relationship I think
it's this way this way this way
Mario you have to hold on tight okay hi
okay great are you mocking my acid
rhesus monkey anyone watch my taste
hi suckers a place a turn that said I'm
getting that we lost the child a better
forever
elevator party elevator party what all
right we're here we're here cool hey
cool be cool stay cool stay cool no
running
okay I'm all right
I found a great solution there it does
have a slide to someone on anybody over
cool okay this is working better than
expected don't go too fast
don't burn anyone over okay come on what
yeah don't go too fast okay got over
there we've that over there who's that
up there who's that right there huh you
see her look over here look over here
they don't see you use that I mean yeah
Rena you see her
like some snacks me he wasn't sure what
the two term come into like remember
Erika has white hair a C sector
look at this thing I found outside yeah
I don't know Emilia Emilia Eduardo
where's your seat you hope you see he's
on your seat what you got your feet what
2 3 C for your sister
oh that's Annabelle obviously this is
where your sister's going to be like her
seat of combs Emilia the baby where'd
you get a sick bro
oh my goodness
