I never eat ah and a teacher had to come
milk properly good morning and welcome
to the turkey best day of the third
month I'll go back here oh yeah your
life and it turns out Amelia and Eduardo
are not computer-generated now right now
what did you guys think of our comic
relief video yesterday was it hilarious
did you think of hilarious yeah yeah be
like it is so funny like guys the
longest suit me two and a half weeks to
edit and produce that and then like a
month of planning when I was probably
the longest I've ever spent working on a
YouTube video before Amelia's in school
we just collected Eduardo we haven't had
to baby yet hoping for a st. Patrick's
Day baby this Friday I'll be cool
possibly my second name is Patrick wait
wait Jonathan Patrick so your thing even
though it's a girl punch wish trick
priestess anyway there wasn't a lot of
behind-the-scenes stuff because the way
I per management production was that a
lot of behind the scenes stuff that we
did was actually featured in the video
you watch but there was lots and lots of
outtakes and fun stuff that I'm going to
trow in here for you guys to see the guy
played the director was actually you
have new lines was actually a comedian
and he was so funny and so like I'm not
a professional actor but in some of the
stuff that he said was so funny it was
so hard even do some of the scenes
any minute now hello I'm doing very
nicely a quick back to your legs
such a perfect okay and I told Scott de
cameras everything the minute I or knew
you want to write this is legit we just
made this up you can actually come in on
this okay yeah you know so when we're
talking like so try and try to shoot it
like I try and take this job let's keep
all that away it you know a different
shot I'll go to the commode with one of
them what do we put a GoPro on my head
and I just kind of went in Wow stop with
a great for one's a baby and then kind
of like it's kind of coming out we get
on just drop a GoPro life yeah I think
we could hold it like yeah okay yeah we
get a thought maybe get a sponsor
it was a working after Sam we can get
though II anyway involved in the video
we can put in a title into Tom now happy
so naming the kids going they couldn't
get video where she will actually like
yeah turn on it right we're playing with
the idea of maybe calling the babies a
minute
Wow yes because then we could do a video
where she comes amidst the baby in the
Nestle and we and we say hey keep going
at it okay just keep going here then the
work we've other CTR yeah I think
lighter to stay out holding and well you
know no one complains about Avatar it's
exactly how a really good W and I just
did it on the way you read okay yeah
that's good not a greenest it was trying
to stop engine
and then when I filmed that intro with
Eduardo we just filled it in there
actually feel my bit up here that ass
Vivian who works in gleam her boyfriend
John as a musician and I asked him to
perform the intro nnnnnn in it he
actually did it when he was in it
and then I felt like Oh needs to like
master video so I did one with myself
and Eduardo performing it
and I did another one of me performing
it
hmm
and then the window you saw is when we
use which is when it was shot up there I
just wanted to give a sort of like a
mixture of different type of ones to use
I hope you guys enjoyed it yeah I know
the red icing we're editing when add a
lot we were quite upset the fact that I
was like I understand because you want
to watch your your entertainment and it
wasn't there but it's for a really good
cause guys comic relief it's really
important so if you didn't know
yesterday's vlog the special one that I
uploaded all the revenue that was
generated and through the ads on the
video are being donated to Comic Relief
so please share that video watching the
loads of times
and yeah let's see if we can generate
some revenue for comic relief and I was
just with such a privilege to be
involved in it this year and it was so
much fun to do something fun like that
for you guys and I'm going to do a lot
more times because I had so much for
doing it so look at four more specials
coming soon
okay guys we also had a baby baby
Eduardo okay so this is actually for the
baby we're going to test that to see
does it work you ready Oh baby look at
the middle baby oh whoa yeah yeah yeah I
keep that yeah yeah ready
oh now you're a big boy that's for the
baby got for the baby
immediately is here look what we got for
the baby
Eduardo wanted to test it out as well
Wow ah the baby of Melia is here guys oh
oh is that what you're going to do
you're going to be a good big brother
I never think I'm a teacher can calm
milk properly hey Amelia how did you
find the Redis was it hard not to share
why should I talk forget before every
meal come on get your real camera make
sure you're a real camera she hid the
real camera now look okay follow me a
snap did you oh this is where Amelia's
big girls office so when you're a big
girl you can use all this stuff oh you
do have a big girl camera that's for
when you set up your own YouTube channel
you can make your own YouTube videos
look I'll show you how it works it's me
it's your old in Game one
it is probably olden days oh here it
comes again it's not that old
from the olden days what no word oh I
mean is making a video for us it can
turn what's this it's a card for me I
tried to write my name definitely that
star get back to you huh where can I
have my card no please
hey yeah hi sweetie I guess what we have
okay honey okay mommy
well how we mother how I look so painful
to watch
I'm going to come here school for
Mother's Day yeah daddy wasn't invited
but he's never invited oh yeah this is a
far this is her
oh yeah that's going to be fun No
okay and Amelia are doing a thing for
its empowerment woman's back on trailer
was actually about until it comes out
but it's Anna
and Amelia women of the future
are you ready nice okay Instagram here
hey you can doing okay alright when I
came up with the idea of making this
video right now one I wanted to write a
sort of a comedy skit on vlogging based
on kind of stuff over the last seven
years so I've had people say about us
and like I felt like I could easily make
a joke about Amelia Eduardo having
agents and like hating or myself and I'm
like hating each other being like
complete polar opposites of each other
but then I felt like I want to do
something better than that I felt like
there's a better story to be told
then like you can tell a joke but how
can you make a better nerd of like
better story and then I thought what is
the entire thing was a love story about
David who plays Jonathan and Mel or
Melanie who plays Anna and a matter of
fact over the last seven years they're
actors playing this role but they
actually have fallen in love with each
other so during the the documentation
area expose or behind the scenes of this
print work video you were they were
going to have the realization that they
fall in love and at the end of it they
would like walk off set and thus would
begin their vlogging you know I mean ii
enjoy now we didn't we did shoot a clip
which was supposed to be us like and
leaving at the end where we just walk
off and i and i pick up the vlog
all right hey guys welcome to the best
red nose day of your life just totally
enough no but then when when we were
shooting the takes at the end I was like
oh no what have I drove off set well we
just got in the car and like just left I
was like oh I think that's more powerful
and then wish then we'll shoot a little
bit at the end for all these but these
are like the old footage so I thought
it's kind of cool to introduc them into
it it's just kind of like I think it's
just I don't know I just think it's good
I hope you guys enjoyed it like I said
the whole thing was for comic relief and
I still country twenty two o'clock I'm
not allowed to anything at all and it's
so funny because I'm watching you all of
my trying line saying like that's the
baby here what's going on with you
always know and tweeting or like I'm not
allowed tweet tweet tweet
I'm not letting anything on us all let's
not chat or anything this is a Shantanu
the end of the vlog there ain't no body
at the end of the vlog everyone's gone
home this is the Shanna to you and you
Mel ha go under go thick take the bump
off the end enjoy should be getting
lightning crotch oh well all right water
mm-hmm
it's a lot of goes off on the bridge
you're gonna do water leakage and all
the time not to try the idea this up
incoming that this was going yesterday
okay okay okay thanks to you can they be
danged Amy come here but I thank you
guys so much for all the comments and
everything on Twitter everywhere it
means so much to me means so much to us
need so much to Bianca we're going to
watch Anna my job's real self what's
differently lightning cracks and for
real not the time that's time for a
conversation anyway Anna got this new
milk and the cover to Jason and Paul
Paul really recommends this Jason
actually recommends this
the blend and the breeze if you want to
this is what I use but it doesn't frost
so this is the one here the Inez is
almond debris it's because it's Frost
almond milk you have a Java example
things oh that's incredible it yeah
because what taste is nice though well
up there by itself only one good guy
friends and thanks for watching today's
video
even though the contract says because
for cheap boyfriends and watching video
you go
