good morning friends and welcome to the
twelfth day of the tournament of the
best year of your life yes we are
surprised actually happening today we're
not ready to go down
gender is happier energy right clicked a
really nice values kind of slipping a
little badly they did here the last like
the other babies loss did really well
we're gonna nervous maybe should be
actual nervous you think I'm just kinda
thinking sister baby you're kind of it
happens you've done a few of them now
yeah why should I look like I'm in more
pain not like paint don't be worried but
it kind of like it's gonna happen soon
all right you know yeah I'm kind of
thinking this feels a little bit like
maybe I should be like some things on
and yeah we can probably get some beats
up next to be good yeah it's like so
noise maybe we put some noise of some
extra patience isn't about grandmaster
work okay everyone okay let's go for
another take all right let's go hey guys
and welcome funnel hey guys welcome to
the twelfth day of the third month of
the best year of your life
hey my name is david williams and i'm
the writer and creator of cycling
Jolie's and after seven years of making
the show we talk now is the time to show
you guys how we make
Ciccone jollies so what are we doing
here today so today we're in a hospital
and we're actually shooting the birth
video for the third baby
we just figured we probably were kind of
done we kind of scale the show up to
include Amelia and Eduardo as the
children of the Anna and Jonathan
characters and then we felt like now
when we kind of follow the story of the
moving to the UK and then we're like oh
what's the next thing how can we make
the story like you know get exciting
again we thought another baby
how's everybody
is it actually like go but was it
amazing way yeah now what if it looked
amazing but it left me another one in by
like this afternoon if we if we called
the rental company cuz they might be up
here reflecting remind me I might be
worth it in the military circle around a
little bit kind of maybe we could have
the after that fair play what what
seemed to stuff - what are you talking
about now the drone is broken and I
really wanted to do a drone birth no
one's ever done a drone Brittany we're
going to kind of come in there then kind
of hover over the birth and that's the
baby came out kind of check it out and
then just kind of fly off for getting
these women like actually we're gonna be
right now again be just a baby right I'm
cool so we could take the baby it comes
in and I kind of like puts the GoPro on
it lift it up
you know maybe in for the breast feed
you know and then pass it over for the
car another idea is that you're seeing
the baby's first like first eyes and
then we're going to leave that go for
one just you know it was like with a
team in the clunky areas 80s so it's
just in a kind of lyrics lights of the
guide 170 listing the treatment shows
that the other way around
what's been the hardest lie that you had
to tell people and have to keep up over
all this time seven years ago when we
came up with this idea it was very very
hard to cast someone in the role of Anna
I knew it was going to be a long role I
knew it was something I was going to
like scale up over time and asking
somebody to play a character over an
unlimited amount of time you're going to
be pregnant for a lot at that time
you're going to have to live with my
character for a lot of that time so when
we eventually found Mel to play the role
as Anna we had to sign a contract and
that stated we would never have any
on-screen romance or have any kisses
on-screen that's probably the biggest
mistake
all right so if I came here to try and
bring yeah yeah yeah yeah and like to be
different my wife let's just go at it so
farthing great only this is so exciting
to be believe this is happening
oh my gosh we're gonna have a baby today
very cool on up here so the contractions
of the button here now this is the
amount of carbon dioxide that the babies
and sort of breathing at the moment
through the umbilical cord and
going once complete funny address part
appearance that's exactly right
okay I think you know the countries are
going to be fine things really nice I
think it's going to add some Jeopardy
maybe we don't do that
okay let's just leave it a little bit
for a minute kind of going away so you
know either way yet
and then the next scene you can go she
can be fired from the confines of
welcoming include the black yeah give
them a moment for a second when it all
yeah yeah yeah we can kind of throw
interns should actually try we can put
an ad in then yeah just to prolong
aromatics maybe like yeah mmm that'd be
really okay maybe like a birth control
that oh that's a good one could we get a
spot movie Ghost Buster practically so
I'm Mel I play the part of Anna
Ciccone Jolie on Ciccone Jolie's and
I've been playing her for about seven
years now it's quite difficult because
obviously I'm not at the same place in
my life that Anna is and playing a mum
has been kind of taxing and also uh not
being pregnant having to pretend that
I'm pregnant that can be quite tough
yeah so what do you do about the bulk
constantly yes it was the fake bum and
basically just slip it on underneath my
clothes but yeah it does get kind of
heavy
he likes red especially towards the end
of the day I feel like all I want to do
is just take off
because dr. lacy like this video which
is like way better than the second one I
think we added more like maybe we need
more machinery yes just kind of up
essentially this one we had like three
about your fingers also like it's really
really fun yeah my wish is to make of it
I mean the idea is not to recreate it we
want to go back we wanted to make it as
one giving you and better you know good
yeah
so okay what can you do any accents I
can do South African very badly or how
do you feel about South at one really
knows what's up from counseling and how
do you found like your own personal
relationships and like being able to
hold down a long-term relationship as
you struggle because this situation so
unique
yeah it's been quite difficult to find
somebody that gets it because obviously
it's been seven years and I'm working so
closely with David and he's really the
only person that gets it fully so it has
been tricky to try and find somebody
that really fully understands and can
put up with that kind of thing there is
it's one of those jobs where it's not
just a job it's like a lifestyle almost
yeah and you guys just in it together
and there's no answer really that is in
it with you so now it must be difficult
sparked video 3 well I think we were to
bring in and some more talent I think
really helped to return investment I
kind of think Zoey go to the drain one
to notice the amazing and sometimes if
you look so even a little turns up as
well
yeah it's good application do i maybe
you'll bring their sister so sorry guys
what what is it that you've got going on
here what are you discussing yes this is
this is kind of like a chart that we do
so when we do video you know to maximize
to return we're trying to get order
talent involved in it you notice because
you can see here you know I'm you know
research has shown is that wouldn't put
so we in a video we can put her in a
title or a thumbnail and if you don't
get a gender turn on it right we're
playing with the idea of maybe calling
the baby to another Wow
you know until he comes in and we're
like you know surprise reveal baby name
pregnancy birth shower happy birthday
that's also an argument to make me call
it zoella atria developing loose Wow
okay now we just get the mobile is
learning and then they've all gotten up
the manuals your substrate will properly
we're just running this idea if we
travel choose always have it and have a
home birth it's an idea that would be
very nice perfectly are you not afraid
of selling out or anything like that or
going too far the other way telling how
it just means getting more people to
watch it so just setting out then yeah
that's what we're doing but the way I
like it is that's where we're aiming
right okay right
some security license when you're gone
how interesting
do you have to have an inhalant them at
the Evelyn sphere three inhaler never
leave my night out back so how do you
find David with what he's been hard to
work with over all this time and like
obviously I've worked with a lot of like
unscreened boyfriends or husbands I
would say he's probably one of the top
three
he's quite easy to work with though
sometimes like in the script where I
have to pretend like my character and I
have to get annoyed at him but I
secretly actually think he's just being
really funny so yeah I would say he's
he's really fun to work with and I
really enjoy it so do you think you're
going to be sad after finale and this is
all over yeah I never really thought
about I don't really think about it but
I'm assuming there will be a time when
this is over what do you think you'll
miss the most when that time comes
probably David
this is how we actually create the kids
you know because obviously they're in
CGI I noticed when you take a profile
and then we bring them together and I'm
going to create kids Wow we wondered for
why you know we talk like okay we want
to scale the show up we need to add new
characters so we always say never work
with kids or animals yeah so we just we
CGI's on then we don't stay with any of
that
and the animals as well yeah some
sometimes we get we rendom yeah yeah no
no no it's different no I feel like
really good animator right it's quite a
big lie to be upholding and constantly
no complaints about avatar okay what
we're doing then is just setting up the
first shot there are so it's basically
the announcements there they are this is
our third pregnancy videos to the major
conflict a trilogy everything to be
really doing lighting I know kind of we
want to make sure different by the same
times everyone's played really well so
not too different
yeah kind of like you know in the movie
Avengers the globe they're like
different a better but they're not
plastic yeah I mean it would make so
many videos you make a different video
every day so I'm constantly making it
fresh so that we've got practice going
and no guilty about
are so invested in their life I think
what we don't know contr them I just
think you know they don't know their
fate so they can just buy into it in the
same time knowing this is a black four
device know knowing that we some that
actual I say just be sat there watching
TV all day it'd be really boring what do
you think about the younger viewers that
you know kind of say goals my family
what what would you say to them well you
know I think it's pretty positive you
know if we keep selling a nice family
thing then that kind of goes out into
the world I think that'll really is
alive really Internet
yeah but lots of things alive I'm not I
was never really director when I got the
job allied then design now we can bring
it in and then bring it down the wrong
with the journal again everything is
over yeah yeah maybe maybe this is
better then we can kind of shoot through
through it in case you - hey David how
do you think that going is it going well
apply online yeah yeah I think so I
shamed by the drone
it's definitely been a drawback for
today but I think we came up with some
really good solutions for that I think
yeah I think people are going to really
enjoy this episode yeah yeah definitely
and is there anything that you think you
could do more at this stage you have you
done I don't think so I always try and
like push the relationship boundaries
between Mel and David like you know
Jonathan and Anna but you know sometimes
it's difficult because you know you're
real people you're playing in this
intense environment every single day so
I'm not sure I'm not sure we'll see I
think it'll be good you should watch it
yeah give it a watch definitely I'm
being in this set up does it ever make
you think like our love to have kids
myself I'd love to be in this situation
for real yeah I like when I want to
watch back their episodes I do think
like this looks like a lot of fun like
Jonathan and Anna
seem to have a great life and I think
wow like you know and then myself and
Mel do make quite cute kids you know so
I think if I was a virtual
anyone I think maybe I should have a
child with Mal have it let's talk about
that well with the clause in the
contract I mean have you ever just tried
telling now how you're feeling No
Oh your wife now we're done hey you owe
me for real
great come on no no no we're done let's
go there's no
Oh
hello friends and welcome to the best
rental day of your life haha Christmas
day friends make sure to check out red
nose day table hmm
tomorrow by the
I feel
so when I get you when I get you uh
what they don't have to make you cry why
you
you
