can you name all the planets in the
solar system go yeah are you over my PO
good morning and welcome to the ninth
day of the third month
ah that's year of your life ha whoa
of your life it's a very life is what we
are company but first mommies do work
yes hahaha
my jokin you can't be here
you're ruining the illusion so I forgot
to do the intro this morning on the vlog
and she took the blogs and vlogs and it
was wonderful
sniffing intro so we're doing the intro
now and then we're going to cut to a few
hours ago when I did work at my cut
okay so I just did a workout with the
Morehouse not with the board over like
with the board over the room actually
went quite well
Bruce against white hey you want that
one yeah
okay so Wireless evidently got the age
where he wants to choose his own outfit
which is fine kind of fine and the only
problem is you shooting things with
short sleeves
can we not choose something else small
all too many people if you want to see
what what other t-shirts you've got that
might go with the leggings let's see
what else is in here
we bought all of these as well Wow
don't want schools you don't want to
pick one of these yeah okay he just
watched a video of himself like a
throwback video not really a throwback
but it was his funny moments video and I
think he saw himself wearing all the
summer codes and he got stayed with this
that's all it will sync remark oh so I
think he wants to wear summer clothes
yeah and there we go that's Eduardo's
outfit he actually looks really cute he
picked it all himself and that t-shirt
is from grandpa's neck yeah it's from
grandpa Ann Ann and it says I do my own
stunts ah
and it's got a dinosaur on it doesn't it
can you see him let me show you yeah
dinosaur
so you can be a dinosaur now go back oh
my goodness yeah I know yeah hold on no
it's short-sleeved oh and I've got a lot
of cool hoodie for you as well well if
you get cold
okay what about cool hoodie for you so
I'll show you why
okay
I think it's that time of year friends
where we can finally say it's almost
spring time and it's time to play
are you ready wardo trampoline land
this is trampoline land okay first time
this year nobody has set foot in the
trampoline yet since the winter time you
can get scary and full of run sir what
we do together you're going to be the
first person this year to step on the
trampoline Eduardo and host little webs
and bonus you're a lot older now than
you used to be so the trampoline is
probably way more fun these days okay so
let's remove all the hazardous things
enough crimping from last summer
watch how I gracefully enter the
trampoline like a beautiful princess oh
wow okay let's get rid of these scary
part here by putting this thing out mom
Oh No right run it's a run around here
you jump over jump jump oh that was good
you've gotten good at this can you jump
it again on your own go run and jump it
whoa not you're making your entire
garden a trampoline like the entire
section a master is like rectangular
yeah encouraging me oh sorry am I not
let you on sunlight
so good I was just on the phone there to
a car dealership I tried to see if I
could test drive a big seven seater
today that I have my my eyes on but em
they don't have one in stock so this
isn't going to order one and hopefully I
have a next day for me did you make it
up so that's going to be fun that's been
fun I think it's time I think it's time
what I think we need to start getting
car seats and cars and stuff because
Jesse I was talking to another dad in
guardo student class and he has three
kids and he was saying like yeah like
you can like that car there like you can
add rich
it's a five-seater but besides all the
car seats and the boosters and I know
and all the stuff and then like let's
say you have Amelia Eduardo and the baby
and mom and dad myself liner in the
front right so we go wrong max that
right and then like oh my or Eric our
but now somebody's with you did then
what are we supposed to do this one you
supposed to do where's vs seven seater
you've got like all the room in the
world he does leave comments below guys
all loads of seven seater options yeah
well well do it do it
boom nice moves oh I am trying to have a
conversation with my friends here about
future things alright that's it you're
getting the best you're getting the best
what Wow
now go yeah okay Mike
all round doing so I'm shooting
something that is in a second with the
court Eduardo for something okay hold it
in your hands you'll see shortly what is
today the board is going to be a rock
star
okay now can you can you hold the guitar
okay what if you want to sit down I sit
down on the bench here okay all right
and then we'll put the guitar like it as
you use this time right this time here
go team a croc oh okay waiting that guy
no ideas work we go fight that soon if
you see this in something and you'd be
like that's what a lot as it is all
right let's go so it seems like we've
been added to cart an all day long the
moon is out you see the moon guys carry
the moon is kill Elaine do you want to
live in the moon okay you get out the
planet can you name all the planets in
the solar system go yeah what is it
no boy hears me excuse me we were going
to have a lovely family dry food ok
emini was telling me that the planet you
went over my toe Woodward oh exactly it
was Ali no wait till daddy gets on water
we didn't hurt wardo she's mine move
over
ok he's done it this has got to be big
enough for all of us are we ready
what hey don't do a poo what about a
whiteout
oh let's get the moon in the video guys
look at the moon I don't know you think
this zoom will go all the way to the
moon hold on we're trying to see the
moon here guys alright hold on now if I
bring the iris down oops this wrong way
wrong way wrong way away for it green
iris all the way down oh I get it
guys there is the moon you're welcome
I was actually pretty good going for a
little pocket camera what all right I
think Amelia has a license to drive whoa
just get over here and I'll Drive the
rest of the way okay get off the grass
I'll Drive the rest it away here now
good job on the driving wow it was
really good job on the driving is it
cold on your toe okay I think from here
I can drive hop in the back oh what's
wrong
we're sick of it is it hey guys you know
what we should do
why don't we put a ramp here and we
drove over the ramp are you with me are
you with me oh yeah one crazy child oh
my goodness
so my mouse Easter see that's why race
yeah
bye-bye I wish wisest and fake have me
oh now we need to reverse the car and
there so let's see if we can do it okay
I mean it's not okay all right so why do
you say I'll stay off Dale all right we
got to push starts put it in reverse
now you can see there you can be you can
guide me in you're going to be the guide
ER okay you fill them Eduardo you work
here you watch him here and make sure
that you make sure your wireless days in
the screen okay I'm going to be nervous
you doing hey love like hell you plug in
your clothes okay
yo I feel like I haven't vlogged at all
today in fact I know I haven't cuz
Jonathan just told me happen I'm not
sure if I like this little jacket
crumpled sorry
muttering braxton-hicks I think I'm not
sure if I'm really liking this jacket
combination I like it this morning and
now I'm like hmm I don't know turn off
it really does me any favors to be
honest so like it just makes it just
like as to my already very pregnant
frame to not I mean I was feeling very
well today that's kind of why I haven't
seen em vlogging I was feeling like I
had a stomachache you know like not like
I was going into labor just like queasy
like as if you've eaten something that
didn't agree with you that's how I felt
and I only had a crazy salad for lunch
like I didn't really have I didn't have
anything heavy at all we know the big
style as well I don't know and then I
will cut myself better after sleeping
and then we ate dinner I had quite a lot
of dinner clothes up she quite hungry
and now I'm crapping like rocks and it's
kind of contraction easing slash period
cramps but this has happened before and
nothing's happened so because I've never
actually gone into real labor by myself
before I don't really know what to
expect like whoo I know that people are
probably like oh you've had two kids
almost three two-and a-half kind of but
i still don't really know what to expect
because okay fine when I actually this
is a fun fact it's not really fun when I
miscarried it did go into like it's
obviously it's not labour it's different
because it's so early on but that was
the only time when I started to like
like I passed some passed it naturally
do not I mean like without being induced
and and even not so age is longer that
it was supposed to really I mean you
really picked your moments yeah that was
the only time and I remember the
cramping from math it's just basically
like period camp so I think I should
know what it feels like but I still
don't you know what I mean like I still
I'm a bit like don't really know what to
expect I hate my life right now is it I
hate my dog Oh
