oh we have it a baby Oh like saying
negasonic increase before okay so who
text me video let me know alright later
good morning and welcome to the eighth
best day of the third month
gonna be late now look so anxious I
quite like living here I really do not
like it any more than you come here
excuse me can you come here
what don't know why your wife Vicky you
guys thank you stop Iggy Iggy I know how
I talk so the bots what Eduardo's
birthday invitation how cute is this
it's a proper train ticket I can't tell
you this dump it because it's quality
and so on this says admit one and you
have to take this with you whatever I
take off some under with me now and try
it you yeah try and put it and Rita
hello everybody
everybody here 1k 7 9 12 15 18 I said 18
pop Yankee Yankee Navy thank you baby
ok oh yeah so Lucas come Fran I am
actually not able to my workout today I
am going into London come to you talk
head do you want to come we'll have a
chat it would be base
forget it and I got white egg I never
get how can you leave it organic
yeah yeah I can open it look they're all
like different sex the norm that's the
normal size eggs I think it a funny one
sometimes you get really small one
you know I did carry Eduardo all the way
to steal them back today so I did I did
a workout training
exactly why oh we have it a baby oh okay
so he texts me video let me know all
right they later means that would be
that would be funny if I actually had
the baby while doing a run cash she said
this morning
oh no this morning when we were walking
up to the school because the traffic is
crazy so yeah we parked a good bit away
from the school moonwalk felt like hey
Juwanna throw us off the bed mm she was
like I literally feel like I'm gonna
have this baby cuz I walking does
prolong like when you're being induced
they always make you walk around the
wards and walk up and down the stairs to
try and like get labor to come on that
will be funny actually no wait a long
Jesus meter this meter in London later
oh I made a joke ooga ginger little eNOS
you couldn't do an elevator partying
Google there's no mirrors the changing
of the guard was happening and just
having to go the entire fish goes in
Manchester Liverpool
I'm back to London we're in a Google
space elevators going to be on the blink
obsession whip away surely have the two
away actually zwip away hey does this
brainy it is guys cucumber water
you know if you google water who like
wheeler
oh yeah you don't you take you try it
mm-hmm
Thank You comer wasn't the way she sees
she sees my favorite yeah I know there's
only chocolate anymore
idiot eat anything
better to stay on our way so I just
finished my workout and Lucy and I
actually took a move advert because it
was I was getting a lot of pressure down
there in the pelvis after I do the
workout they only last like 20 to 30
minutes and I just feel so good after
even saying that I feel dead right now
like for the rest of the day it just
kind of like sets me off it's just at
the final like stretch I'm just feeling
quite exhausted but I'm still doing them
because I just feel like they do
actually in the long run give me more
energy and they make me feel better
about myself often tell you guys
something in a cotton crap what was it I
don't remember no idea of just fun blank
I wanna see something about something
and I forget I am sweating right now
which is quite disgusting but too lazy
to move so finishing Dingle and another
meeting in another place but look with a
Google gave me for it left these are
present for the kids but through me and
I'm not don't let it lucky
15 bunnies in chocolate milk and media
is going to be happy about ash
it's quiet
so I'm now heading out Harry short I'm
now heading it to get Amelia and Eduardo
there we go there we go actually did my
hair today for the first time in a while
almost got some sometimes I'll make
things easier for I'm going out
I feel very dressed up I think it's cuz
I don't usually I haven't really been
wearing heels are all this pregnancy
into there am this date night tonight I
thought I'd make a bit of an effort with
my outfit even though I am just wearing
leggings but do we need to know that
yeah we see them you can cheat but um
yeah we kind of dress up tonight or
today which is you know it's different
dress up sometimes now I have the
unfortunate task picking up two at the
same time which I hate doing that's a
bit I'm still getting used to my hair
like with these front pieces this one
didn't work as well today but it's my
first time curling it with the front
pieces I think it's better like that I
don't really know what I'm doing anyway
so gonna pick pick them up at the same
time
when I was in London today the people
from YouTube King and they had a present
for me I'll Eduardo can you say thank
you google
Thank You Google Google is not a funny
word right first off who wants a present
for me laughing oh it's very good you
mean yeah
Eduardo is the chocolate bunny rabbit
Amelia
a chocolate bunny rabbit
career dad thinks okay okay mommy and
daddy got oh I mean that you got
something else it looks fancy
maybe jory have pudding now you didn't
you can have one chocolate bunny now
it's full of chocolate bunnies all right
one chocolate bunny first wardo Oh keep
that one to him because you won't be
able to open his good girl
one for Eduardo either you take one and
Eduardo thank Co what should we give one
to feel no no they're not like shopping
change it is dangerous is it not very
nice
I'll Google YouTube people I want you to
sit here though deal just you and me
let's see what this is oh it came with a
menu boom ticket oh boy
and I was feeling I got a feeling it's
trouble it's a two-story apartment so
out there ray a drop of Golden Pond
Oh anything out those wings on 19 yeah
so doe doe doe a deer a female deer ray
a drop all inside
Jake's life don't be afraid tonight or
here every date night I always go sister
life this could be the last one
every time I wonder is this the last
date night now we're having as a
foursome anywhere tonight we're going to
ask will be a fight them
oh yeah we're going to ask the Italians
person too
Oh after you international Woman's Day
so I got painted eyes tonight and I
never use me yet
I always go for constant but I thought
tonight I want to be different and go
any spot so I got past it language you
know man yeah no I'm doing it for me
happy when I saw yours command I was
like oh please note that your have
better she better know it goes no you
said yes a good show you're a cheap
chocolate here again no it looks really
good because it's not to like it's not
too big like if it looks like a good
portion I like this I got this goat
cheese and I think it's olives or
something so that is olive campaign are
not part here is chicken children
because it's nice to look at it
Thank You Jill I did yeah we're here
come to the plaza but looking up
something
raise with me come with me some advice
give me some advice point me in the
right direction
well I don't I don't think I want these
one which one anything
od entire top waters alcohol no oh did
you war oh my oh wow it's a little
drawer
Oh waiter definitely yeah that was like
anywhere point me in the direction of
Eton Mess strawberry mousse crisp
meringue topping alright
what's that ones you love you know
mm-hmm mm-hmm walnut proud Oh tell me
better yeah
what's the thing third Sunday which take
you talking your head not not enough
sounds like Nutella whoa good night
we're like something in there nothing
mmm-hmm like Floyd you're swimming in
yeah waiting for your wafer to crack no
oh yeah hmm so they just pours out mmm
although it is is any other chocolate
brands out there would like to send us a
selection of chocolate to learn the more
the better we're going to start a new
segment called chocolatiers the jonathan
and anna professional reviewing so send
your chocolate skies and we will test
them
before we go went a little story that
happened today okay
so Anna was here with Amelia and Amelia
I don't know immediate said was I born
in Sorrento no I'm a really story
immediately Jews born in Sorrento
because I said dad dad I was born in
Sorrento immediate old Adam that is
wardo was born in Sorrento and then she
said I said no he wasn't
yeah and she said yes he was Danny told
me he was and I was like no he wasn't
you know I had like why Jonathan save up
to her but why Jonathan atoll they're
not yeah and then was like he wasn't
born in Sorrento he was made in Sorrento
I didn't think that she would question
it yeah yeah yeah and then she was like
how can be how was he made or like how
does the baby get made of something I
was like oh that's when the baby was put
in my tummy there in rent oh not again
not thinking that she would question
that are like saying things she's like
and initially every night say she
follows up with another question yeah it
seems like thinking about it and I was
over here and they're having their
breakfast and she's like but how can you
put this how do you put a baby inside
your tummy if you haven't got a whole
hello
this morning was that I told you here
another place okay someday we're going
to have to have that conversation with a
media but I didn't we're having that
conversation for us with like 10 more
years or yeah okay years old right
explain so yeah where's the ball how
does that how do you put the baby in
there
when we're when we're in there and then
kids come in to meet the baby we'll ask
our OB to explain humility you show her
but just watch your birth lock she's the
kind of person you know it isn't sure
now she's super smart she's do right
holy activity enjoy yeah like yeah I
like that kind of thing I like that kind
of thing
I think she wants to like know would you
ever do that happen there yeah I know
some people do that I think it's water
we just get bored aren't they I did I
honestly think she'd be concerned and
then what if they act up and I have to
go after them as well I think you might
do it more stressful maybe looking for
her toy he is here
Oh yank I had this is your toy movie and
this movie toy nobody else's toys yes
you picture
goodbye friends thank you for watching
today's video presentation thank you
believing nice comics and I leaving the
like buttons in the subscriptions and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
thank you okay the chocolate baby
thank you baby seriously
