what are you doing is that all you do
why are you eating my hammer son only do
a number No hey what a chocolate no you
can't eat that
good morning and welcome to the seventh
day of the third month birthday on your
yes the best year Cena is here and
unfortunately Cena has left who bumps if
we call it a Aleppo bum
he'll look laughs poo bomb people try to
be like European continental let poopa
ah oui
hey else go to your flat Cena and a
Popham scene and a poopa single play off
a dollar
well what is I think I mixed French and
Irish are same time good morning Eduardo
Saucony Jolie how are you pleased to
meet you thank you for joining me on
this adventure okay so turn on some
waters we give her a hot shower or a
cold shower I come out a cold shower
will give it a warm shower okay now
right beneath now this is the shampoo
that we use we have quite a lot of them
but we're going to throw away this one a
zesty whip of pink grapefruit scruffy
chop
that sounds good doesn't it yeah you
ready see no frizz st with really guys
you guys really enjoyed the doggy story
video that I put up there yesterday I
took quite a long time yeah wait a long
time to make it so I'm really happy that
you guys enjoyed it amazing to just have
part we can go back further than the
children the dolls long before akhira
hey you folks ended foxy I still like
through this foxy
we're trying to figure that foxy and cos
dia
without what yeah you did not do it in
here anyway come on let's watch this
casino manila once over
we're ready to go swimming I might bring
them power hosting back out guys he's
bit too much here I'm pretty sure I can
get them up well I'm pretty sure I can
get them up but the guys probably are a
bit afraid of wrecking the place so I
didn't use it as intensely but I've done
it so many times so I know I can get
them off come on mr. was everything for
swimming do you want to be late for
swimming and then we're going to be in
the shallow end you got to get there
early so you get a deep end spot and
daddy doesn't have to kneel as much it's
just you and me
Eduardo along we go where we go driving
a car to run easy game please don't pick
your nose or the people won't stay we
wanted to test the subscribe button
watch our videos and stick around if you
pick your nose they will probably go or
maybe some of them will say a because
they're into that kind of thing is
probably some kind of 15o community on
the future on the day to go swimming Wow
yeah he's going to be the best alert
today oh yeah a better daddy today yeah
maybe you guys here okay I'm going to
see you guys later okay have fun in the
locker this is a shoe here people need
it that's nice
the guardo if you have something to show
mommy Eduardo can move up to the next
class and like cool oh she's got a
fridge we have to do a test and
everything yeah we passed the test Italy
he wanted to go in a little pool but
then we had to go ahead and get
prize-giving so we weren't able to go
back in the pool so he's a little bit
disappointed
you got a badge as well where does he go
here certificate yeah well done mr.
setting out to get my nails done again I
know but the last time it was just a
little m66 up
oh it's so cold I keep dressing for
spring not realized who in the
scrunchies Jonathan Clark not realizing
that it's not actually spring Oh or
maybe it is I don't really know is it is
is it's right now I think it's still
winter it feels like winter okay I'm
just going to put that out there and and
on the radio don't know if I mentioned
this as well get on the radio in the car
does it today or yesterday today I think
they said something about it being
20-something degrees next week I was
like oh no no yes do tree he'll be so
happy if that were the case why don't
know whether I believe that like it's
only March if it were April I believe it
but being March I'm just like you know
well that is good move over go let me go
oh oh oh' you can see the cut whoa whoa
a big one you just feel a pop on your
feet this is it hop whoa that what you
want me to do very very busy yeah oh my
computer work while watching TV you
don't play cool today missus got a
rainbow belt oh I like it only because
we're best friends where I huh man what
are you watching
Nathan my blade and the monster machines
do you have a monster machine hmm you
don't look at this guy over here caused
all the trouble
look at this fellow over there huh Oh
doggy friends while you throw me so
badly
I forget this it is like like it is like
7 o'clock it's 7 o'clock and look how
bright it is can you guys see look the
moon is out hello hello
that's an interesting angle I should
blogger is Marvin hey guys so today I'm
just going walking somewhere ok the moon
is out and it's still bright and you
love it it's almost summertime get
excited for some this summer oh my
goodness from the epic 101 the first
holiday we're going to take place at an
inn there you're going to take the baby
out anyway guys come on ok these two
this is there a new favorite show by the
way
In The Night Garden
they love it I love it immediately watch
it as a baby in the night garden' litter
them
hello they're gonna tell you sitting
there they're so cute it's so cute
okay come on guys you go inside we go
inside with one say please all these
guys we go inside come on stop that's
not okay
alright handyman's almost beyond go I
have to do handyman things guys
you see near nails or screws around here
whoa whoa miracles you know results
honey now go lose that local entities
anyone over they are guys I need your
help can you come and help me karate I
need to undo some work on building tools
can you come and help me do some work
please
all right mommy wants you to move it
you're like here or honey we do it we
waiting is worth any lower you guys can
see everyone does anybody have a nail
give a nail keep in a while what we can
just write what
what what are you doing is that all you
do why are you eating my hammer son only
do another no hey Jimmy what I thought
you know what you can't eat that
what do you want to eat a hammer Amina
point the hammer what are you doing
you're crazy
are you doing it's a chocolate ever
feeding to the wheel hammers what yeah I
know what careful
it was a joke guys I need five you guys
right
he had Nutella already so no a concern
because when I went to go buy mom like
we do is it mine chocolate kids bedtime
mommy and daddy have a very important
this is so good I'm thank you from them
so organic what are they were from that
are you doing you're like oh why would
you come I think it's like almond so
what we just do it actually just like
careful my baby
Ramon yo although we're trying to pan
friend you had yeah I think it means
like almond or something that was paws
for Alan I don't know how would you have
any put it there oh can I can I get some
juice on milk no question I always like
it culinary thing like a pastry domestic
trying to fun I think different run
Japan's heart are things this is a hotel
or we don't know but I have a feeling
it's got something to do at Almaty
there's an aftertaste this is like to
look I think into yeah
like something on it that's like the
sheep am I got chocolate and then like
legit and applicative sheep yeah there's
even a deal like yeah like a sheep
courtesies cheap fees and literally you
can even take the Sheep like that like I
like that you only want your in in a
field right that has like keep doing
keep dropping yeah exactly
that's what it tastes like in the
acetate so bad really good job of
bottling that flavor hot like I know
what people might like chocolate oh good
luck chief John the letter remember it
worried about his award well emini ago
when today as well
grade 3 on the duckling AAS a
Advertising Standards it's worthy where
the a is they're giving a duck in your
work out well yeah of course that those
both of them the door does will ya look
at where this windows right here and
media is one is here and they poke on
awards today for swimming
good job guys my to do swimmers huh oh
we're on the same page no II mean II I
think she is now a mermaid are you a
mermaid wow look at your mermaid feet
show me how a mermaid walks what walking
around below what do you call them
oh yeah feet I want to run I want to hop
all day in the Sun oh she's a mermaid
unicorn off duty Nina's a mermaid
mermaid good stand up you know the
baby's ready to come when she doesn't
even fit well you know clearly pretty
though I love your hair I was worried
that I was the novelty is going to wear
off
it hasn't my Jeannette the next day we
imagine she comes out with hair like
that
she's include
look at her shouldn't even fit anymore
that is really cute though when the
teacher goes like that she's almost
ready to pop folks pop much and you
could actually Norway sometimes like
salsa babies in their sleep
like if you actually wake up one morning
and the baby's just in the bed you okay
I don't understand having to speak oh
well I mean yeah we don't even sometimes
you conventions dogs are like guinea
pigs or something in the morning yeah
like they're already there imagine how
humans relate the invites when I wake up
one morning and I
like ah is the baby in the best specific
yeah you did to Blue Train builder hey
we're going to the hairdresser's today
that was putting his hair get kind of
but know how we got to go to the
hairdresser today
maybe we buddy the boy and the boy is
really boy ahead daddy was very crust
from the mangoes and illustrated that is
nothing not punch him
let's get pizza was very nice was very
pleased funder lady was doing
haha and he's nuts and he asked question
pizza and dad went home with dad so on
the mum where he say ok little the mummy
was so shocked that he did it he begin
even talk to them to start with she
never ever ever ever ever calm down of a
little over a day and every day man ok
back step you cheap all right tomorrow
tomorrow I'm gonna get another to keep
going and I have to practice it oh hey
you're not to house Oh
Oh
Oh
