like franchisees are yeah yeah okay
ready
good morning and welcome to the third
end of the third month of the best year
of your life yawn
and why Amelia does this thing where
should I pointed
we're in London Victoria cretin what
okay some tapas tapas everybody they're
all featured extras do you know how much
the shop cost this morning
everybody here is a piece of excess oh
my goodness and then we have come to the
free toilets that we get on the train
but we leave our head some morning you
get on the train coming today to use
reported snoring hey beautiful the net
or at the end of our pregnancy guys
we're literally going into the OB like
every 20 minutes I feel like we should
just we should rent a flat near the
hospital
how about it here let's go use the free
car under that clock I never notice I
talked before yeah free toilet now you
would think after all the time the years
we've been living here we would figure
this out but it's very important that
you followed a quick I was just walking
out there no no it's getting thin aw
here every time Oh
if that time was in its due at the time
of day
no we're nearly nearly
poor Anna is getting in a taxi this
morning I look he broke her nail
everyone's just going to be like oh I
already heard when they get long when
it's not mantra like myself again the
Terran natural we were getting it
exactly as you kind of taxi guy just
drove off you didn't even give us a
chance to like sit down roughly love my
old car my old car doesn't it look like
a shark yeah it does run always until
you're talking to your nail in my car I
was terrified that I might be in trouble
play knows but you
as Angela I read the women are from Mars
men are from Venus well let them I have
vision pay attention
anyway we are doing number zero taxi
right there it's right there yeah we got
it we got it we scored one ladies first
and London Victoria meets didn't want to
have any accidents imagine condition
I am so pregnant that I forgot to bring
our I forgot my hat so I was wearing
earlier on the train it's on his way to
left on one bridge I think it's gonna be
somewhere yeah good luck
give it a nice home lads if you ever
find out attack black half with a bobble
literally everything I keep forgetting
all falling apart actually like a real
thing
big brain Rochus time okay no we
survived carry on okay now I have to get
up at 1:00 okay thanks
we're home from school look look all of
us came today mommy and daddy too like
gee from school today thank you the
first thing he said was the first thing
you said was that the baby's name and he
was like how ever did you go to see
insert what baggie you I'm not happy
with our Becca said maybe she was which
might account for lunches he collected
her
so I am heading out to Donna's place
this nails so sore I can't even tell you
I don't know why it started hurting more
all of a sudden but it was bleeding can
you guys see the crack I think you can
see it it's like really deep down
normally in this situation I would chop
it off with the nail scissors but I
can't because it's down so far that like
my nail bed would be showing you know
like that's how bad it is I just I need
it fixed and Donna said she'd fix it for
me would be nice of her and because I'm
just going to drop in because my next
appointment isn't until next Friday and
I don't need it done like I don't need
like the rest of the nails done because
the rest of them are perfect literally
this wouldn't have happened had the guy
not waited for me to sit down before he
set off and I realized I found like a
diva but it's actually unsafe like I'm
pregnant
obviously but for anybody it's unsafe
and I went to break my fall because he
just like set off I had barely even
closed the door and so I fell forwards
and like obviously to protect my belly I
put my hand out and the nail bent like
all the way back like really quickly
because it went into the seatbelt thing
I think and it was so painful and then
it was bleeding and I was just like oh
my god I didn't even say anything to him
I should have said something but I
didn't I just kind of sat there and I
actually thought I was gonna start
crying because I don't know like stuff
like affects me different when I'm
pregnant it's like it's stuff like that
like if I fall or if like once recently
when we went into London the gates when
I was going through it at the train
station the barriers closed on my belly
and I honestly thought I was like I felt
like I was going to cry because it was
just so scary you get like really
protective or something and so when you
fall or like to put yourself in danger
or anything like that I don't know how
to explain you
feel really vulnerable when you're
pregnant or you feel really like
protected protective of it of your belly
and like of your body and you just don't
want anything bad to happen to it so
it's really weird I don't know if I'm
even explaining myself correctly but
obviously broken nail is not the end of
the world at all hurts like a
not a bit already much clap thank God
for Donna because he was like you can
just cook anytime was like okay thank
you
we're going to do not know and hopefully
she can fix it for me
you guys know Ana's pregnancy planned
her birth plan her bags are packed
everything's ready to go I want to share
with you my survival birthing plan
friends and that is this is my survival
system friends best fiends this is the
game let's going to get me true the bird
now being that I have been through trial
bird three times before I know how long
it takes do a lot of waiting around
I'm currently by the star level 158 oh
and if you don't know what this game is
let me let let's talk through it you are
these are guys on an adventure so let me
go upgrade friends I can show you no no
no no
so change friends jeez so these are all
like the little friends that you get
these are the guys I'm working bamas
depo my fav favorite leave me comments
on who your favorite is group s game
please leave me a comment let me know
what level you're on as well I'm on 156
see if you can beat me probably will but
yeah it's really cool look you just go
whoop whoop whoop and then boom tastic
and then you sometimes defeat the guys
here and we have to get things anyway
this is my plan friends I'm going to
leave a link down below where you guys
can download the game it is free 100%
free and not only that if you share it
on Facebook you connect on Facebook and
share it on Twitter you're able to get
extra points and stuff at and this month
that surfing it friend is about to be
released guys top pops is coming I'm
going to get pop I'm going to get pop
while we're having a baby I will be
getting pothole on Anna pop is coming
papa and if that's not enough this mud a
whole new minigame is being released
called with granny slug granny slug I've
ever seen a granny slugs you're about to
see a granny slug if you play this game
friends get it today links down below
best
spin and see if you could beat me we
should be best games Oh okey-dokey
friends it's a little bit later it's
been a long time since you've been
living here and everybody asks me what
is behind the door do you want to know
what's behind the door do you are you
sure okay Eduardo will we show them
what's behind the door for we are you
ready you do have a backpack okay let us
go and show you what's behind the door
here we go guys
this is what's actually behind this is
what's going on what's in there guys
hello oh my god is it bounce on the
trampoline do you not use the phone do
you leave things in there you're driving
all right I'm gonna try and run it jump
hard keys my toe off the sofa yeah bomb
was heavy in you yeah I do that
yeah it goes down with you free video
you ever had what imagine like a vault
is worth like a waterfall you wouldn't
really be able to see what was going on
here somewhere that shot Jamie are you
jumping Paul anything to do with me I
suppose if Depot in your anyway started
problem is divorced
Oh another woman Amedeo knocking and
here is Eduardo
oh no oh okay
good shirt yeah the point this is the
foot there she did yeah
enjoy your guys watch is that the Hamel
I mean yeah jump in the air and do the
drive-in no not that way
okay yes all right here we go see your
biggest jump here we go pick you up ever
the other we need one of these
I put is gold equipment for ya
kids are giving now that all the toys
babies are you giving out all the toys
guys keep it moving for the lack of it
oh oh yo sup oh my god wait that was
nice out all right get your foot
Oh Manny and then roll it well wrong
cause you come no horrible right put it
ball your foot and then like roll board
it's sore but it's like place it is
genie causes projection oh yeah and I
see all right yeah it's weird
yeah that's all the people like oh no at
all
what oh yeah yeah we should watch that I
have avoided all spoilers on Twitter
almost what at this point I do then your
brother
well we're going to one oh no any wins
what is your internship okay I'll
because in win there is a win do that
even let it all ain't ya not alive it
was idea yeah yeah but that one is you
all competing against each other and
then how do you explain to the dog with
them no don't explain that yeah Jess you
know does yeah we watching your head
bright years ago but three people three
people going to the woods yeah
is right yeah
hey hold on floor now yeah hey what's up
she's not like hi honey space that you
up not difficult innovation
life-changing pretty prolonged or what
work is done so her head is in here I'm
not gonna filled up no that's my
Rocancourt not funny like we're gonna
the baby why don't usually her like over
here in her arms or else I'm not sure on
the TV so doggies gonna need outfit oh
yes you can't hear talk here in the baby
will say hi back no no stop oh my gosh
ah
Oh
