the other thing you're going to get in
trouble what they're imposing I don't
know oh oh go ahead someone's coming
good morning welcome to the second day
of the third month of the best yeah OVR
so today : World Book Day why did you
not go at the wicked witch
can I go can you trust me you are and
they and I'm and I haven't got your
costume how to put up because they're
very red sniffing I've got yours
that is today's world book day and the
media gets to wear a dress up day how
exciting is that you get to go to school
a dress says VAR c c+ p but today is a
complicated day for your vlog guys
because we do some today which you can
tell them I can't share with you for a
couple of days it'll make sense when we
share it in a few days but initially we
can't share with you but I want to give
you guys in full of today and I just
need to figure out dog it's going to be
a complicated stay with me oh what's
that come on guys
hey do some breakfast this is Dorothy
whether it's me there's an acting class
you know we should do we should write a
book okay and then next year okay you
can go to World Book Day as yourself huh
I'm happy you can go with it World Book
Day as a media would that wouldn't that
work go do that
ah okay one kid me about my filming
Dorothy I mean I don't know how to sing
it this is our Canada why be the best in
half like ain't invest in half I'm not
ducking low lighting your birthday hat
on the dusty then come on let's go to
set flip-flop to monitor tonight 8
o'clock
knock knock one lift it up keep it up
come on turn up key thing we are off to
school and it's World Book Day so
Amelia's dress done Dorothy is such a
cute Dorothy you know that they open it
I loved her costume so much when I was
younger that was my favorite film The
Wizard of Oz my favorite film ever would
have died if I'd been able to dress the
society I think this is your site is it
yeah follow follow follow follow follow
the yellow brick road okay lunch bag
mummies bag you do
human screaming for me what's wrong
right now
you were shouting at me from downstairs
cause you wanted me to give you a
piggyback I thought there was something
wrong with you
thanks Laurie it's morning and you need
a piggyback yeah my daddy
okay well let's give you a piggyback now
we give it to you okay women so are you
gonna give a piggy back and find your
piggy same time did you poke your head
on daddy
so we are on our way somewhere exciting
oh oh oh oh oh my god honey teenagers
went to pull out I've been dating for
like No
no rope don't feel about three doses
anyway um yeah I bought this by packed
ready to go and this is I've sent my P
of us it's from not Bryan side I never
know how to say it was dodgy as such he
gets both there and I also got a little
rocks back with it and I gave that Eric
Axley felt like that was like more her
style
we sent me a perfusing you look well
about to you the one no not that naked
oh yeah the gravy that's great when I
get black one I got a white one you got
that
anyway I don't just decide how tall he
is friends off like you probably friend
anyway yeah so going somewhere exciting
everything that launched about it quite
a new day but I think I'm probably going
to take over blogging a little bit for
today and just come I know that
everybody likes me better so know that
like how because you can I go but I'm a
crap blogger so you might only get three
clips okay
supporting me right now
so remember how I said that I was going
to fail at vlogging today well I kind of
have because this is my first time
picking up the camera since we've got to
our location but it's for a good reason
so I think you guys are going to forgive
me
Oh Jonathan what are you doing I know I
just put it through the building
oh okay oh yes and after the air
pressure blood pressure things Jonathan
you do not get in trouble is it um
tightening
no oh is it
oh don't think you're going to get in
trouble
what's our imposing I don't know oh oh
go ahead someone's coming
so we are back from our little excursion
huh
I'm tired I'm trying to light on whoa
whoa that wasn't and yeah you're
exhausted you still have quite a lot of
editing to do and things to do Johnson's
editing I think you editing hello
everybody and welcome to the 17
depressing life oh my god I'm so tired
for you yeah I was an exhausting day Oh
but now I need to edit my fitness video
for tomorrow sorry I keep blinding you
with lights and maybe I think the kids
so the kids are on a play date with some
of their little friends so they should
be back soon and my hair is kind of like
annoying me right now anyway so the kids
are at on a play date then you should be
back soon and I'm going to try and edit
this or when I get back which I probably
won't be able to do but we can try we
can try I wanna do it
what you saying this day what you don't
want to go home
yeah Oh kiddo
did you have fun what did you go you
would like you were pretty tough
whoa did you learn at the shelter isn't
anyone there - I just love that - did
you what about you at wardo did you go
to wacky Wonderland he got a blue
sticker we're study sticker and guess
what I got I got under top of the wacky
rat house you enter the top of the
Waikiki where head yeah nigga I'm
calling that's rising oh did you have a
fun day in the lucky where I am all mine
why are you shouting so much cheeto what
is your mouth what is BMO bono
Chino hey maybe I was in your hair or
what
hey did you get your ears pierced today
Cooper's triggers whooping shares was it
is right oh no ma what Amy pierced your
ears
hey Eduardo honey did you enjoy this as
well no what
I'm not a bouncy castle um hello hello
dick you've locked me out let me in let
me in
hello
open the door Amelia pain
what open the door open the door are you
going come back right now
hello hello hello can I come in please
hi Co did you open the door for me go
don't go media Oh wake up stop stop stop
me Nia
the boys are going to win tonight the
boys going to win tonight we got this
one good
why not jump jump jump ah girl all
rights to the bathroom every night what
everything you like to do what just
everything you like to do question
what's your favorite thing you like to
do right what you say we have to do it
we really have to play
Thank You Jess you do like a mommy you
do like a Burmese a let's play right I'm
getting here calm down
yeah okay so you do a mummy face and
then you run to the bean base I'll serve
I understand this game
yeah where you go up there and do you
got to go to your bed and do a mummy
face yeah more apparently you just run
to the beanbags give me Carlos Emilia I
missed you guys today I miss you guys
and I have to do things right you'll
come here parrot nanny plum are you so
excited your sisters coming so soon are
you so excited my charlie cannot wait
shining is a mile in the video I can
always have another little friendly a
friend baby how did you you you're crazy
