welcome to the BBC radio this is Radio
look a fool radio for radio for your
radio full voice you need to chose a
music hello and welcome to radio for
truck radio for radio for
good morning and welcome to the first
day of the third month okay yeah yeah
you know what today is today is
officially the first day of the month
that your sister's coming she's coming
this month dice how exciting is that
tell me tomorrow oh my goodness I cannot
wait till everybody that's at him
because you are tormenting me now she
may come today she may come tomorrow but
there is no way out of a guy yesterday
she is the month I'm lucky oh there's
also going to be a new end play day
because as you know a new one security
calendar means a new picture
nobody's ever scooty please oh so for a
pair of teeth in the morning Amelia has
date to our phenomena yeah you card a
smile oh no what did you put on the
Chrissy guys these remember we're in a
rush this morning and is doing the
double school run this morning
hey are we parking it what are we
working on and it's been the double
screen morning can i I'm heading into
London you know I'm on the radio and you
guys can call in oh I hope you guys call
in so we so we contacted what hello
you're calling them a call number seven
on the line but it's probably not like
lady probably not like the movies you
don't want anymore okay you ready are
you ready for a brand to crazy alright
this is Ranchi over here when you have
your brioche but you want milk in a
spoon hmm probably a good idea see you
guys later
have fun enjoy
oh no oh no oh my goodness
now Francesca's a seasoned pro here if
it's the train stations in 30 aren't
like this oh my goodness I'm like a
proper I'm gonna pop up to Newport today
like that's the guy that makes the
Hollanders what do you look at my
goodness isn't it that she just stopped
I'm still real partisan absolutely I
must be hungry be recall can you tell us
what's happening
I'm like absolutely nothing so patently
if you're if you're not a seasoned
Skinner oh my god luckily chives in the
shot look like it
look at you we make the judge but no one
else we've actually closed the gate up
here as well this is crazy
you know they reckon it you know the
newbies like I met you back yeah camera
tecna's Muhammad about and I was amazing
you know I'm medieval funny business
they only work two companies we made it
as we made it as you later oh my
goodness we made it a site quality air
so fresh seemed so long underground oh
my goodness I wonder how old the kids
are haven't seen them in so long even
remember me oh my god guys welcome to
the seven hundred fifty seven billion
stands your best year of your life
we're in Oxford wait a second okay guys
we're at the BBC lights no massing is a
serious now okay no no no more of this
silly internet internet messin about
right
it should be the SJC for Tony Coley
corporation for here for playtime
welcome to the BBC Radio this is radio
looking for radio for radio for your
radio full voice you need a Johnson can
either hello welcome to radio for one
radio for radio for nearly this should
be for naught you guys be receiving
forecast we did a shipping focus I
personally don't the network card I'm
going to get you to read the shipping
for I do really there see can we get a
copy of the shipping for because
Jonathan to read it please let's see if
we can find a copy you'd like to have a
go
he looks very confused we contracted a
down yeah I think that's fine yeah so I
am all the company I am heading to pick
up both kids now and drop them both off
to school this morning Johnson wasn't
there he's going to London but it was
actually a lot easier well I mean I
hadn't done both of them by myself
before concerns and likes to come along
um I'd only ever done one kid but
actually both together was fine and it
white oak didn't have a meltdown at
drop-off you're actually really really
good so I think he's like kind of got
over his whole separation anxiety thing
hopefully but news flash guys I'm
actually running early this time so
hopefully I don't get caught up at
eduardo school and we make it to music
all the time but
yes we're going to be on time today
that's my goal okay that is my goal
it's now presenting a show about planets
this is good media would love this she's
really obsessed the planets right now it
desert or Neptune is a little maze
oh it has a moon cool weren't the
International Space Station Wow
where's the detail very smooth the BBC
you would expect detail about money this
is nothing to do with what what is this
what am I doing here is this something I
was going to be it's going to be a video
which we're going to put online by
Monday which is the 25th anniversary of
medicine mars women are from venus
watched a330 phone sir
hello Peter party an elevator party
projector Alexander party later buddy
right we're back from school yeah and I
love us cold uh-huh people there's
people um on my snapchat I'm talking
about that'd why wasn't trapped in in
his car seat I don't snap and drive
folks okay you might want to check
yourself before you wreck seriously like
people who lane about everything and it
just drives me crazy it's like these
people are like perfect and have like no
flaws and they just love to judge there
are like nice in my house keys thank you
but seriously like take a chill pill my
kids are fine they're strapped in when
I'm driving
but when I'm driving I'm not nothing or
vlogging for that matter so chill out
anyway how was school guys good yeah
they had fun at school tomorrow is World
Book Day so we're getting dressed up
aren't we gene I don't what are we going
to dress up as for World Book Day guys
I'm doing today laughing Dorothy let's
see that back yes
right on the way home and I'm alone and
a train coming is it a hunter train hope
not Oh power of my knee ha ha that was a
fun morning
did you guys listen to the show now I'm
telling you because it's all past tense
for you now for the end and afters we
did a podcasting live on Facebook and
then we record this part of the thing
about men or for me the men are from
Mars Women are from Venus but it's other
thing that they're doing which actually
guys we were kind of the research that
were reading the books and I was like oh
my goodness I think I read that when I
was a kid because I thought it was a
good way to like I was like oh yeah I
can like get all the girls if I read
this books that's not the book slash but
um you guys should definitely get that
book read that book I need to get Anna
copy that book I think would stop a lot
of arguments anyway I'm gonna go home by
myself the entire train
oh hello Dorothy
are you just checking your hair is that
all you're doing
so it's world book day tomorrow and
amelia is dressed as king Dorothy
Wow and you got your damn eye right
shithead he has one in my head
turn around meat is very yeah oh my god
it looks amazing and I have came well
he'll get on here hey I didn't do we do
go chop down we're gonna have to wash
these off tonight
sorry he doesn't have tattoos how you
feel tired
did you this is ready in the radio
you're in school who are you what you
have listened to us keeping your multi
did adolescent society on the radio
right in your pony no wait we're solid
go my name is chemin and I think you're
amazing
I think you should have done and if you
should I call it we should we should put
some plans to set up Amelia and my
daddy's amazing yeah it'll has quite a
few news go
what's wrong
you can't get the matter they stopped oh
no we go miss Jen you're welcome
so as many hours I've logged glass guy
is so busy we're doing something
tomorrow right I can't tell you about it
we're blogging something tomorrow and
that I won't even be able to put and
then what were filming tomorrow will be
open a few days but we're just trying to
organize everything right now as we
would be not gonna be able to vlogging
last two hours just trying to get
everything ready going out for our final
date date night don't have a fright you
night we're having a date large are we
going to go are we going to go right I'm
going to fill the car up with some
petrol because just in case because I
don't to do this in the morning I think
I'm really worried about someone what
happened
Colet schedule now chicken supreme is
always dream then oh all right
set it up with some chicken supreme and
then we can go in our date night oh my
god guys we make so much
I'm surprised Oh rocky volcanic year so
we decided to get burger time we went
brother I went for like Oh putting in my
burger cut so I got the chicken burger
and I got a how do me a and it's
candlelit less oh for catalyst see
whatever idea where we went to be there
and I went to green this is this is a
dipping sauce
now everybody yeah buddy we got burger
propose this is like an old-school
classic permisos facilities set builder
burgers burgers ability serve oh no
school the classic Bon Appetit
