okay so we are ready where we ready guys
to move on to the next stage
good morning welcome to the 27th
birthday of the second one of the best
year of your life
good morning Eduardo how are you doing
do you know what time it is mr. amelia
is in school and you have to go swimming
because you have slept until 9 o clock
it's 9 o'clock it while have you ever
set ablaze in your life you have who is
wondering where you are at this time of
the morning trying to piggyback dances
Johnson breakfast you want some
chocolate crunch yeah ok guys here is a
joker crunch a chocolate stars mixed
together
oh ok I'm on board the tell my mother
Betty Express oh ok oh my cake
many whole family like thank you for
each other cut the chocolate cars are
inside the truck eat one empty eat one
and check you want attention
DNR ok would I take it away and get some
broccoli no oh you want three mini poos
Blue is being is wrong ah you got the
Tuesdays it's with me time with Eduardo
swimming time here we go Kanaka damning
gaming gaming to me your course go your
birth hit it
ha no need to sing the song
galaxy pink star test
I would you look at this lad
Thank You me I love you we're 40 miles
we actually had to park 700 miles away
or no 700 miles away I think we've got
what well some of us are being carried
enough 700 miles somebody walking seven
in the 700 mile walk right oh but I know
we're going to make it and I let's say a
party and I love a party it's a new way
to say hopefully because on
we're at swimming and we have parked in
a different spot today I was and I've
got something right you know when you've
got something in your eye it's not store
but it keeps like I'm in the middle of
my pupil so it's like blocking my sight
it's really annoying
anyway should we go something I go I
just like when I do a good job and when
they told me you know you can ask are
near to action and I go that we still
have stuff to go to to jump and it's not
when she holds me well I mean that's
part of your lesson but we'll see
I will tell her that your bit scared
okay when she holds me yeah I got my
good I know that yeah I'll tell her
already home working okay I'll tell her
media so how it sparkles aren't you
Eduardo was scared of him apparently
you're Elena costume you look so cool he
look like a proper simmer now and there
she says she's my new excellent that's
for later
yeah normally I'm thinking about really
cute
okay I just announced the calendar a day
giveaway that rhymes I missed an
opportunity where I just found that
video calendar a day no giving the
calendar away every day a calendar away
every day for leave nice calm and spend
in my way and I will send you a calendar
every single day inning you do a maybe
you've already bought a calendar you can
have a second out there okay that's
what's going to happen and maybe as we
don't insert a man to the left okay
honnestly laser man that so as we see as
we lead towards the end of the year
because why would you want to 2016
calendars of these because the pictures
of you on a telephone you're amazing and
I really love you that is a very good
point person I just made up which is
actually myself
I just happy that you watch my videos
thank you very much for watching my
videos watch them twice watched three
top four share it with a friend
doing the subscribers for eBay being oh
yeah today is the last day of February
friends you know what that means
you know what that means you know that
means that means that as of tomorrow the
baby can come and I am okay with that
because I wasn't giving up my mind
that's right if she goes into labor
right now and we rush to the hospital
she has the baby at 11:59 in February
I'll be like what are you doing to me
Calendar J every day for the month of
May
yeah so for the rest of the year until I
run added them okay there's a lot of
them definitely a couple of months words
and CX Levi's comments it's cool it's a
fun thing I just wanted to do a thing
give things back to you is that really
weird what that looks like in your
screen is that really weird how fast can
I use it what am I doing with my life
hi Pat roba pankova media edwards oh
these were those were paintings Anna
made for the bolivars chicken emotional
- but now dad has gone to the good food
restaurant website is making pancakes so
Anna's upstairs asleep boy has been left
to the pancake making are we ready guys
a few little helpers here Eduardo and
Amelia oh sorry I guess you guys mixed
up so vanilla and Sebastian oh okay now
right now I have it and squiddy okay
thank you Penelope
do you not turn out who doesn't have a
squiddy Jemima
okay we need to get a hundred grams of
flour move your bomb I think of them
Oh guys where's the measure II think
we're do how do you measure things find
me the measuring thing yes I suppose you
will need that that measures the milk we
need to measure the flour with a hundred
grams of flour
okay look just think does this work yeah
yeah so mommy does oh yeah so we need
100 grams just need a hundred grams of
flour
okay stop kissing my laptop no kissing
daddy's laptop
rule number two rule number one right
it's over
Hey just waiting to do open laptop wait
there we go again to zero okay we need a
hundred pounds Oh a hundred pounds no
100 crap how many grams in a pound right
oh wait hold on maybe we can change it
there we go all right
okay now you put this on how much back
how much that
okay that's 95 that's 95 we got this we
got this
yeah Oh 100 No
okay new plan you guys stay here and
watch Peppa Pig for a minute okay it's
safer for everybody
do we have 100 grams of flour and then I
need a bowl to put my 100 grams of flour
in Oh what about the kitchen a thing
okay I got this bowl from the kitchen
eating right so I've got a few eggs and
put crack an egg on your head watch this
stuff fall down
there's my eggs hundreds of flour flour
eggs the milk when 300 I'm bulking it a
little bit this is literally actually
the first time I think I'll make
pancakes eggs properly
oh it will be asked me the batter trite
liquidy I call didn't come back up
alright now let me turn this thing on
are we ready
ah thing is that the thing isn't in
there he's singing here I forgot to put
the thing in
all right the gang is back they've
obviously lost interest we are ready to
go how do you how do you fit the thing
under there haha got it
champions mommy is going to be so proud
of us guys isn't she cool she's gonna be
so happy huh
we've done this all by ourselves oh
we're making it white oh we're making
pancake batter then whisk to a smooth
batter set aside 30 minutes to rest a
rest is a 30-minute nap involved in
making pancakes
oh okay Wow UPS member every minute left
on ah
pancakes should be ready now guys let's
go back here and check oh my goodness or
number 219 you monkey and their crazy
monkey lady
crazy monkey lady okay mommy field is so
proud of our work we've done here today
guys
all right we are ready we just had our
dinner and we already check out my
father actually is nice hello what you
say like nice nice healthy laugh so you
have to open him excuse me we're waiting
for the first flip
no there sometimes the person is on
wrong with own homee cancel okay you
ready huh Oh hold it hold it
all right all right all right you own
the credit oh we've got it
careful and everyone with that and
everyone relax
is it like it's crappy look at the size
of it okay that's pretty good that isn't
it mm-hmm
these are like super healthy okay spread
that painted with raw egg oh my goodness
we just heart we just have this one
ourselves
yeah this can be more salami and that is
one I think is it oh that was happening
you ready for the first pancake of the
year it's a bit hot is that okay hmm are
you ready are you ready for this movie
we'll get in the telephone okay first
time take it here Kripa t crap TripIt
equipped
yeah get it all flippy need a bigger
panel and thank you
Oh always the first thing that goes
wrong that one came out perfect oh my
goodness the roll is a chocolate in
there all right come and get it - Oh
Myka chocolate pancake what is that is
that an upper damage ligament
yeah I think so - all right just in the
year women must say I'm really happy had
actual about internet you know what do
you want me if you want a fork
although concrete my skull punch up
liquor makes up almost pancake maker
thank you fixing me sure oh oh oh my god
it's you remember I had a blog three
years ago where that thing is like how
many can you do in a row two three four
five six seven eight
look eight foot all right let's all it
Oh
you
