I have seen what tomorrow will be and
that will be like today the Sun may
shine and there may be some cloud and
later on it the rain the breeze my left
up the wings of the trees and rustle
them like
the mist may fall on the glistening
leaves and cook them in silver cook them
in silver
it is morning well practice cold strange
guys and it is raining and pouring and
touring and it's raining start we are
safe in home please big old rocks then
watch out that peep peep to have new
exciting cereal this morning which we're
very excited about will break in add
some crunchy and delicious and we have
crispy rice the forbidden chocolate
munch you guys think you can have that
on a Monday morning what if mommy comes
down so this is what we've agreed upon
we're gonna put a couple of these in
then we're gonna put a couple of these
in okay so when mommy comes down guys
you have to make sure those ones run at
the top and you can just be like what
are you talking about I didn't have
chocolate lunch this is my daughter she
makes more
Rinda night Eduardo how much do we love
our little baby girl and I said isn't
she like the best alright folks
are we ready first day back to school do
you ride your bike to school today
how many thinking about you today come
on mister and winning is it such a
lovely sunny day oh my goodness
do you mayn't way to pay the school when
he has his seatbelt on as well are we
ready for this
I mean it wants to keep this tune
darling you like that time they're your
favorite your jaw you want to sing more
and it doesn't matter if you want a joy
to listen does it not
Eduardo what about you does it matter if
you're little and thing okay go I know
we need a pill we need a piece with me
there's back to you buddy excited you
back in school this is it this is the
midterm guys didn't but this is the next
midterm the next thing we're gonna do is
halftime and then basically summer
holidays all right let's go guys no more
dilly dallying can I get out you can
what let's go you ready you ready here
we go break for school in five four
three two one school time and we're
gonna go to Knights which is right over
there
but it's so disgusting out so I don't
know why we did our hair I spent ages
doing my hair this morning then I was
like why am I even bothering lights to
Jesus a 50 years looks nice though so
poofy now there's always thanks these
curls are gonna drop it in like a few
seconds so we got these Baker's which
technically were not allowed order
it's kind of confusing I guess two sides
to this restaurant and yeah you're not
meant to say where's Isaac I was really
nothing he was really nice yeah our
waiter was so nice analyst or because
they were like completely so I got a
bagel with three rocket and I think like
red onion or something like that and
then nor I got which looks a little
garden gardening yeah no yes so nice
again we were really not in we order
from the wrong and Laura got this which
is the Murrah meringue and hazelnut cake
oh my god it looks amazing yeah so
there's two menus and ones buried over
here and we just keep ordering on the
right one fuck
me
oh shit
it's into the time
so I am London friends I've got meetings
and lots of boring something that but
also I have a fun meeting after the
boring meetings and undertaking
something crazy guys something really
big exciting and I don't even ever want
to talk about it yeah it's not because I
can during like that but it's just I
wanna see if it's possible to get out on
the people in place first that's all
they do
it's all they do eat donuts all day long
that's it
Keppel ooh look at this let's just copy
love song come around if you need the
address for the donor to send us
attention of Jonathan okay because we
can't keep perishables in oh my goodness
look everyone with their knife sharpener
I will just eat the pillow thing look at
that one awesome no we're talking you've
had all of you oh what's that oh my
goodness guys look there's a guitar for
Amelia and dpo box
oh my goodness it's so funny incest axe
ah well oh look what's it oh my goodness
look at the tag wait wait is it somebody
making a bond here no who form in the
band that is cute look I think this has
a name on it Oh baby secona Jolie again
oh my goodness the new baby already has
presents oh oh look but he's all done or
the whole er that's so cute or less en
er
oh and tutus
one two three and others are and I
thought that is like 1 2 3 I'll dollars
I'm gonna pop that is ly want to feel
daughters are
turn up open up hope that it's lie
one two three and others are
Dean
to me
Eduardo how was your first day back at
school on the second half of the midterm
very good you don't even like being at
home
no you just why did you want to live in
a hotel
yeah so I can be good for me and I can
have a nice is that what you want so you
like hotels it says true every time we
go to hotel both of them share a room or
share it back to me well guess what
when your little brother comes along you
can share a room at your little brother
my bed exactly exactly
yeah you can sleep in your bed yeah what
I'd be cool like ice Nita go fish yeah
can you make it bigger
yeah well I'm glad you enjoyed your
first day back in school I don't like my
school it's a good school tomorrow I got
like no you want to go to school in a
hotel look hey hey hey hey oh oh don't
beat yourself how in the hell me now I
guess
what is this what is this
what is this when did you steal that
just right now flap and dance there for
ages
uncle did you steal that just right now
where was it you made then citizen stole
my iPad yeah you even know where more
steal
I'll see you anyway it's been ages
yeah it's been ages because being
sitting here on your iPad okay and I had
your warning around that's why I came to
check little monkey all right now you're
gonna be tired in the morning okay did
you have a good first day in school
today
yeah oh
