No
hello and welcome to the 27th birthday
2nd month of your life and guys you
haven't been on a school run but they're
more into the grass
I'm your life what if you walk through
the grass mister oh my goodness and how
about you as a school run in quite a
while and I talk to you know what this
morning morning should be done morning
huh now climb in Simon he just bunk me
you little bunker a bunk award imagine
you had one job to sit there and read a
letter in front of like 100 million
people and you got it wrong I was just
watching the octave thing this morning
when I read the wrong name I'm like oh
my goodness imagine that was my movie
right or ciccone Jolie for example they
were like the best video of 2017 is
Ciccone Jory's and we went up and I made
a speech and everything and then like I
drove to Franco comes running out and
he's like on it made a mistake it's like
she you and my wife I'm like oh no I'll
be so hurtful and that you be so uh it's
like nobody calls nobody's fault but
like like and then like awkward for the
guys at the moon like people actually
did Wednesday and to come up and take it
yeah it's like the hot with the Miss
World thing members yeah oh my god it's
just like I'd say one feels like the
work because he read it wrong oh my
goodness
anyway if you missed it look it up on
the YouTube it's amazing so I don't know
if I ever updated you on how my hair
turned out yesterday when Alex came and
did it but we did something different
this time she did give me a little trim
so it's still quite long but she she
trimmed it so the end for health
year and actually she took some weight
out of it - because my hair is so thick
like she told me she's like I don't
think I've ever done anyone's hair like
I wanted have ever done I was his head
of this thing like yours is like the
thickest hair it's just taken so long it
did as long as well but he gave me some
bangs like program back I wouldn't call
it a friend yes I see a fringe is like
this thing when I've approached yes yeah
but it's like side side free meaning
fine thanks yeah she has them too but I
like them because um I have like it's
not a bald patch but like I have a
really high forehead and it just goes up
really high so sometimes when I have it
in abundance I kind of want like these
bits these pieces to fall down so that
it like covers those little like can be
a good buy I just don't like it
like really and Alex has them too so she
knew exactly what I was on about but
yeah let me know what you think I really
like them I didn't have that much iPad
like a few layers put in but nothing
maybe I'm looking forward to when you
put your hair up
okay I think it looks good so I'm gonna
point out you have two little things
that yeah I just make styling like a
little bit easier and I can still pull
it back I can still put them behind my
ears I can still put it in a high mmm
morning Pony morning or like oh no I
made everything no yesterday when she
when he caught he like pulled the pieces
down in front
and cut and I was like oh my god so much
hair just like I know anyways go back
though but I'm pretty here today is
crazy but anyway um I do like that we
have to enter you freshen up my color
she put in some blonde pieces and toned
it and all hot stuff and we did it all
from the comfort of my own home and
we're both pregnant both like almost the
same there's a mental president for it
so there were two pregnant women like
leaning over the bathroom I thought was
funny when you tried to hug each other
goodbye to anyone on posture you can for
like he was done oh boy the rain has
come that I went all blue today
what was my purpose I'm having a blue
day the two are you ready for school huh
meat has already gone to school you did
waste money but I carry you all the way
today because it's raining okay
so climb aboard to Daddy spaceship he's
gonna wage the whole way down keep
waiting of the way just let me bunny
okay so Jonathan has gone up for meeting
and I am going to pick up my mom my
sisters followed by cuz they're in town
Oh Russia followed by Eduardo and school
he went I'm sorry
and what's raining problem is is not a
lot of room in my car because of like
car seats and stuff and we're going to
push hope application and it is pit lane
excuse my french something people decide
where though is that not to be anyway
mmm
alright we just finished a meeting with
the team here this is part of a routine
exciting project we're going to be doing
very shortly that involves sweet I won't
know date this week we ordered this
piece in the way till your bike up with
week we kind of had sweets we missed an
opportunity no other we're in like the
largest longest hotel room in the world
I could a perfect look at it oh wow
we've almost as doing the duardo
birthday party there's a wedding cake
yes no maybe it oh my goodness my
pictures there oh my goodness balcony
wonders did you take it as a plastic
definitely know it started touching a
Venezuelan might be Muscat bar you know
that stuff yeah look at the thing oh my
goodness
I didn't imagine it in a hangar guys
welcome to our new hat it's a little
small it's a little getaway a little
home away from all I parked here with my
many cars today I think I'll take that
car was laughing when you come along
Nevaeh
come along the ver inside
it's my lunch ready oh well what do you
know
I'll just go and sit on my bar stool
over there so they're the media a lot of
she hasn't seen your hair it is water
like your hair oh yeah like the plasma
saying he's a fan of lip Lac so Anna
just got a delivery let me just show you
the delivery oh boy
Cooper e number two Oh poo pourri Royal
Flush Oh poo pourri original citrus and
poo pourri white flower and citrus about
a poo pourri there it is amazing though
like you don't need in your handbag when
you go to a public toilet I thought for
free toilet no one thought like oh yeah
but also rely forward in the hospital
device before you go into the Labour
Ward right so I need you to do a fritz
yeah we're here oh man one before you go
royal push I like poker oh yeah Oh Mike
what is going to spell amazing so this
is my room they're coming today
sherbert my pastries not your big fella
yeah imagine add the Brian get in touch
the smaller stuff like I do a brand new
life hi I do stinky booth and to talk
about that he does patrol our break here
ask oh I I read a book that was no
reading the neck what I just read it
what they're reading what everything did
you make up the words yourself post a
story and guys no picture there's no
pictures or words what
cause the story about a story about
little monkey hanging up in a tree
Robbie and Rosie were playing football
and their ball breath daddy was very
cross that right fingers make up the
last pair Samuel
Jemima the ginger cat was watching as
rosy and rocky hit the shuttlecock on
the roof Bernhard the dog was very
confused they package the boat straight
towards the little man's house and then
he was very angry that he shut the
windows closed so nothing else could
happen and it could reach the window
then the Daddy Kane can got a strange
thing with a book with the Bulls
attacking us we love them and the mummy
and daddy was happy again then what
happened - under naval attack 250 and
later everybody
hey problems with the goodbyes can we go
by - oh my America high-five didn't
learning soon what we invited is another
surprise party fellas once he said mmm
you don't have anything it
look at us look at us the media are we
likely there are you talking to me are
you taller than me
where did you get so tall okay hold on
is gonna eat my vegetables that are not
locked myself out of the car that would
be a bad idea we money
alright let me use this
yeah you should come with me baby come I
know yeah
we're coming to my baby but I didn't
know about
we all go on my travels bye
so look what I did this is because of
Amelia's sweets that were in horrid
mortals I don't know that we're in there
like it was a goodie bag from a party
and it got on the underneath of my
living baton I mean I put it there and
now it's on there so it's actually
something like marshmallows or sweet to
something so I need to clean that up get
the morning job whoa whoa whoa computer
morning god it's a moment morning John
Bimini is year-round Eduardo is here
have no fear cause there's a Coney
jewelry are here in the morning the
morning Tom C morning the morning his
job Emilia is crazy and she traffic boys
insane
she wears princess dresses and she tries
to place a plan it weren't always a
crazy man justice Peter Pan he doesn't
know who he is he'd like to feed a fan
Peter Pan on the - on the - I'm - and
the mom's not here cuz you sitting down
they're probably drinkin a beer
pretending that she's in rainbow labor
now I'm crazy that game
can opens it's actually the next day but
I had something I wanted to discuss it
you very very quick if you're one of the
people that wait all the way to the blog
you're about to be rewarded friends
matter the shops close for the calendars
I'm going to do a fun thing I've decided
I'm going to give away a calendar for
free to one of you every single day for
the rest of this year huh so leave a
nice comment every single day and then
we're going to go through them and then
we're going to pick night comments and
we're going to reward people for being
nice and friendly and positive and cool
and you're going to get yourself some
calendars and then go back to they say
and check the description box and see if
you won every day this year in
interviews tomorrow morning because I'm
a gorgeous today at 10 a.m. I am going
to be on women's LR on bbc4 radio you
can call in hello Jonathan
you can call in talk to me or you can
call in and tell me you love me or you
hate me or whatever we're tuned in
tomorrow morning at 10:00 a.m. on BBC
Four for woman's hour and I'm going to
be their friend representing and for an
entire hour and it's a phone in radio
show hello hello it says so much but
check that out ok goodbye
