Oh God myself I'm having dinner all by
my now have you come
good morning and welcome to the 25th day
of the second month of the best year of
your life of your life Jonathan last
night look after the kids because the
media has diarrhea last night
twice so poor thing you already eat her
breakfast just had her fruit and fruit
juice Mel's it but she's drinking lots
of water so that's good if widel got up
once in the night so Jonathan has been
taking carrot like he kept getting off
with them so that I could sleep so I let
him sleep in until it's like hashed and
it's the weekend so we usually get up
for an 8 weekend anyway hold on bye let
him sleep in while I look after the kids
because I knew he would be exhausted but
yeah his weight I'm going to make him
his favorite breakfast because I have
all the ingredients but I've never never
coached alright how would I hold you do
that I'm gonna try and do salmon smoked
salmon poached eggs and an English
muffin
wish me luck okay okay okay
so number one hover over here something
to keep it warm
number one worked number two oh not so
much I think I put it in too fast I kind
of like rushed it a little bit I don't
know anyway so got the salmon here I've
got the English muffin on the gold like
he's real you should black Jonathan's
downstairs now so he knows secret steps
you know it's but I'm still gonna try
and create a masterpiece
what's that purse at this one top time
right
running new rosemary which is moldy
probably won't do that one listen be
honest would you like some moldy
rosemarie on your breakfast romantic
Rosemarie take this back now pray for me
pray for me
behold the masterpiece what don't you
really go do you think eat it fast
because I feel actually wait let me take
it a picture for my snatch up so I can
prove that I did well the most important
to you
- oh yeah I know can L sit on a bit
scared I'm really scared
will you choose one of them is cold so
like that one need that one first expect
us to offer honest I did it oh my god I
actually did it well done you brought
one again Oh what do you haven't tasted
it yet know how meant you taste it
that's amazing though that we offer is
over
yes you know eat that one first because
that one was I don't know how to do it
Melissa Cole I can only do it one at a
time in close to scary huh maybe next
time measurement Monday today
oh my Erica and Emma are coming out to
the house to stay here for a few days
they were after their baby party they
want to stay in London for a bit and
because we'd like work and stuff to do
but the kids don't know I think
Islanders bended there's a surprise
guest coming but they don't know who it
is they're going to be so happy when
they find out then it's oh my Erica and
Emma
Erica stay here online M are staying in
a hotel
Oh your guys
PAGASA has been received retrieved it's
cold as ice we just drop them those
things in there
and only those ones Sheila knows their
post no junk things in my head that in
Ireland where you got like the junk mail
thing
he's probably get one in him you get a
lot of it nagavalli this is the lairs
run Camaro later on maybe I should I
said of my own drunk malice choose one
for my junk
gt500 is making all this noise there
what what happened what what happened
who's in here get them get them
okay the dogs we gonna go back oh my god
I didn't want to go that mad it was all
mine Eric and Emma
believe me whole life what isn't in it
so turn that it was America and Emma
Amelia you are right we're trying to do
X news this morning and she won she tops
question every time she had a cherry
tomato oh it was a lot and she was like
be part of your father's is it several
you are never asked you want on a DVD on
a pole
did you enjoy your time in London yet
would you do how many presents that I
guess cursing in the show five minutes
bringing down to Tony would you get me
an American Vintage how did you know
about me that easily
no it's pretty for me oh no no I I just
go upstairs and call my mom fine from
superstore my favorite well yeah Oh
super truck it's a good TV show yeah
it's working so let's look good look I
look at it Frank will open a difference
what are they from just like hummingbird
you might need to help us fumble Swedish
paper
Oh maybe wait Helen you go to the
categories bakery oh this is my carrot
cake one carrot cake our red velvet
right I get them confused
happy baby shower ah sang my baby
showers next week whoa oh my goodness if
it shoppers in there definitely dried
out
I'll just nip back in I got it yeah
phantom musical thing little nice he won
I felt important to start off with
because that's me start off for Gerardo
it's not that the toy we need like
where'd you get it
John's collection oh you know oh I
recognize that part of the court song
everything moveable purposes that are
for me ah
62 don't think I hit it oh look at this
one take a little coast it's a little
cardigan
okay small they are I know kind of
forget don't you like so tiny
yeah they're really nice ready from
spent on yeah dress Ricky's Italian you
know yeah thanks grandma
what did you get were know you are a
little piggy Oh almost always in a
little bit what did you get Oh a
matchbox what's inside too much box
Amelia wait wait wait wait wait wait
open up I can't use a little mouse
asleep in there now it's a little creepy
Mouse Oh
inside asleep he sleeps he lives in a
matchbox everywhere into bed to put it
to bed he'd put a covers over her Oh
night-night mousie then you put my feet
to bed and then you close over the lid
night-night Mouse me
outlet you can keep bread and wardo got
some some tops of monsters on it yeah
you got tons of tattoos all over you I
did do that to you huh oh
avvocato good day okay you're that shot
and a good girl Erica Christ did you see
this did you see where Erica's got for
you whoa huh well you want to eat it now
there for later next Tuesday thank you
don t Erica one-one oh he's a he's a
he's a sensible at looking emotionless
the sleeping mousie what's going on here
mister what is this what is this huh you
hiding
take responsibility who opened this egg
me know what you said you ordered it can
we go well
ah what I'm not gonna eat oh you just
want to hold them in your hands hurry up
I will go ask online Erica can you have
one and Emma
all the time so myself and Eduardo come
home from cosmos in the Morrises right
now is it raining right ah oh no you'd
only get your hair wet now you're gonna
Trani you don't need it prolly we're
just getting the pizza hot here's the
plan that's why I walk okay
so myself and Hama and Margaret on the
wheel and Erica I know everybody all the
adults at home wanted to order some toys
and my rat's are really good they are at
home and we wanted to get some Thai food
but we knew median is well likewise it
so we've come here on a Saturday night
probably not pizza party Saturday night
let's get a pizza which piece do you
want ah falling you are this one cooks
in Coker be fun now wardo Easter Egg
Easter eggs
look here's let's get all of them let's
just get them all are we just didn't
bother getting dinner examination
who was a megamix seriously ah okay
comment comment question today what is
your favorite Easter Egg and which is
regularly getting lazy hmm these ones
are closed usually only a pound each the
only apparent wind Eduardo
oh my god get out of here you watch
yourself potential
I must say oh my god I think much
please eat in the fridge huh the 20-wide
great cheese pizza no I guess I just
want the contagious cure which pizza yes
and mozzarella and pesto extra thin I
don't know a deep American hot pizza no
Jesus motto one stone bakes thin and
crispy hold us holding your hands
it's job oh it's cold okay go this way I
can't carry you in the pizza what's the
piece if I can just carry you put a
pizza back you just carry you and go
home with nothing no no like this thanks
max meteorologist
so the kids are having pizza and we're
tingling like squid giggling like squid
like thank you right now what's your
matter what you're my dad pizza party
Saturday night
all right now can we go to our market
size we go knock on tie you come here
you're killing squid oh by myself I'm
having dinner oh my my you know have you
come Oh Oh Chico I hope y'all enjoying
your dinner over there at the Kony's the
Jolie's are here cos a karate I know I'm
sitting next to no one or no there's no
room for daddy
do you miss patty at the table yeah I
know mr. nobody
maybe when the babies come she can sit
beside me
what just dropped Margaret and Emma to
their hotel as the kids call to Paolo
and Emilia is getting faded or an
Eduardo while hopefully in order to from
Emma
ah also trying to negotiate with Erica
from liberty' for a while just in case
we have a baby any second now and we
have to rush into London so we need a
plan in place imminent imminent danger
alive
hello everybody close it sometimes I
come in here and think and we ready talk
do I have and then I remember oh yeah I
have all the dogs in the world let's
laugh hello all the dogs in the world
alright let's go let it go
ah
