hello mom hold up oh there's really
squash in there
this is joining my god it's nice and
cozy good morning and welcome to the
24th day of the second month of the best
year of your life and friends who's done
it again we've come as a change the baby
trains to be made so you can go into
this you can get on the train now pull
your glasses you got on the train but it
sound let's wait let's wait and watch
their babies we made Chloe what it's
quite cool
once you happen machine happy oh look
it's happening it's happening it's
happening
this is how baby trains are made
I was worth it it was worth it
that was worse it was worth finally got
to see what is like a baby trains are
made it was cool
something must be just trained that does
that yeah next time we come here might
be to try to make a wheel they will make
a thing and then at the engineering of a
montage of all the times the chains came
together all the chain babies we saw and
it's so cold this morning but it's like
really pretty this one is so pretty
we're so cold so we are heading in to
see our OB and it has many chains and
clapping and back pain so might have to
baby today probably not hope nah we're
just joking this morning on could you
might be related and then he was like oh
the babies engage to go what no can't be
in January right you're not allowed
common February that's my month we
fantasize a lovely Montvale don't don't
have to behave you in my month no babies
in November a Germont February smileand
oh yeah she wouldn't be more dirty would
you share would you like to say your
birthday with your baby
yeah but it's like I feel like you got
to like spread at distribute to birthday
parties as you know what honestly it's
more about the kids you know like is
there like you know only media opens the
town there's like all that studies
birthday and that's probably you know I
mean if there's two in one month every
pouring you Wow about 100
I mean before everybody leaves your
birthday month below and we'll see how
many of us didn't call and everyone
reach in comments and then everyone look
at each other's comment and see how many
of you share birthday month not to date
only to date just someone like a
February March a for whatever it is and
then it'd be interesting to see how many
always you should we should get some
math person to go to the comments in a
few days then and make a graph and a pie
chart and figure out what the average
month of all of yours know but do you
leave a video first month see how many
how many February Zard right there
party there how your detect by the time
ooh Bacchus was Athena cookie so it's
like not cookie
hey tight
be spicy Sergey protein therapy this is
not me in your parking ticket in for my
first so where to get one just like it
Bru's laughter I don't a flapjack or
something
it is not wrap it up we need ready
running running
hey go Behrman sugar-free orange in a
little travel one please have the big
one at home yeah I've got she's awesome
that's all the American I'm trying okay
they look like you know the streets at
the love heart this is
my guess on oh yeah there nobody freaked
out but inoculation test anyway you cut
even the pregnancy does I think I could
work in translation to London Victoria
imagine I was being perfect
this is London Victoria the next station
is London Victoria monument know what
happened to get one what I get heartburn
now more than the Lincoln voice you ever
have indigestion
yeah I get more on more of a reflux er
yeah I think
well I don't have it right now knowing
let me just eat something like like
fried and bread it and then I'll get it
now
all right it's time we gotta follow this
ain't got a father thing I think thank
you Joe Bloggs our taxi one okay all
right now go for cuter and baby yeah
puppy you gotta be careful crap where we
going to go
beautiful time I like to do the lighting
that recording now
yes can you pay that to make sure to let
move oh yeah yeah hello mom hold up yeah
three squash in there I think you're
joining she's like artists nice and cozy
so if she take down like that about me
she's probably not like you like each
day you would be very unlucky about to
roll we eat the hand you can video much
I see a picture here oh this place that
I'm very flexible
about 14 activity so seven pounds yeah
no nothing
hopefully shouldn't drop to handle
something
yeah you'll be all right for me oh you
see the rose oh my goodness she's
looking at it yeah Sarah starts diploma
then you get the other stuff that yet
okay I can't arrest a fugitive and yeah
not that was bad it took you okay if I
stop taking that off for handling I'm
not an animal
she's black clothes but defeated today
is not a Tuesday there is no what a
behind I got the falafel and then
something green and I got something
yellow green sweetie and I got a yellow
smoothie and then I got but you always
play some actually abacus is very
playfully to penetration exactly path
with you not with you here I know but I
wouldn't need this so like normally
exactly except that's how I'm justifying
it was definitely my favorite cafe in
Marylebone country natural kitchen we
said Lacan is just a throwed we so it's
good for the pan which are we do like
the sign as well but natural kitchen
definitely recommended wait we're trying
to rub Pataki here oh yeah Poliquin
ghostwriter we've lost him
go over there start picking up talking
you know what our own private train
tavella you're no one's on the train
from the tree excitement Oh somebody
will sit on the seat the whole way I
don't know it yeah we're sitting I think
she was like frizzy with me I said why I
said I am my dad this cameras falling
apart don't even focused me right judge
mrs. green not you
hello and welcome to Daddy's catching up
are you doing what touching would you
like it miss your man are you here for a
tattoo as well Oh mommy
hat is expensive you want to bring mommy
fat back to her welcome here I can take
care of it for you what's this
no no watch this kukuku come in okay
well I'm going to I want to give it me
me a tattoo okay
hi hello welcome
so what taxi were you after excuse me I
need to deal with a disgruntled customer
we have a customer that's getting very
very angry at the front door and me can
you just bear with me one moment
thank you ma'am thank you hi sir hi sir
I know you're there you go hey you go
sir hello and welcome young lady and
young gentleman now I'll show you what I
have available in terms of tattoos today
we have a couple of different designs
there's some new designs just out today
so pick a tattoo you'd like for me bitch
what what are you watching let's pick
one at a time so pick one that you'd
like first alright people faster than
that one after day
most people get one tattoo at a time
sounds crazy I know
so this is a 2
you're like oh oh let's let's do one at
a time okay now where would you like
this tattoo
I like pop-up whore this may sting a
little bit
how was that oh it was okay
now this is very difficult because
apparently you have to do all of them at
the same time so what I was trying to do
the one that we want just go just the
one that we want
please don't get a monkey oh jeez the
media this is very different kind of
tattooing what I'm kind of more used to
if I'm being completely honest with you
here today young man young lady but we
will do our best
I think we just wait here for a minute
now yeah yeah yeah hi wardo hi Eduardo
oh don't worry better than a little bit
let us have a look Wow how do you like
it
well don't worry about the second tattoo
d kind of got there okay that's a nice
little extra little bonus it was a buy
one get one free today
can I have people enough if that one and
then after balance that one what what
you want all of them in your entire arm
all of them oh we've never done this
kind of thing before sir be the first
person ever to get multiple tattoos in
one sitting like this
wardo Eduardo got a full sleeve yeah
thank you please there is just two whole
packs guys what we're going to put the
filler one on hand I said that when I
want this one and that's it that's good
order which ones you our money that's
put some on the baby's belly hey Jonah
put one on your little belly button it
would look so cute if you did a little
piggy one where the so Radhika is over
right animating you know a strong I put
on Instagram due today
well Amelia got a marker and added
rudika into the family picture I'm
honored
I try hard
well thank you for that mr. honest ah
pretty cute what oh wow kisses Louisa
you want me to put this on again okay
No are coming to get you tell me
different
okay all right let me see how you guys
brush your teeth shall we do without an
argument guys good boy mr. coming up fly
it out is it a dogfight yeah come on you
do a property or daddy will do it
running out of that good job guys
hello and welcome to the bad time show
with me Emilio and II although we got
 and we've got cut and songs that
we sing at the night time when we say
good night Emilio we say good night
Eduardo is a good night I just me I do
not know why did she put the baby's name
Eddie gave me here's a new baby and it
can be hard to tell you are the devil
you are the Sibyl telling all the
stories was rather than only to receive
with secret surprises are coming
tomorrow's eyes
Hey
