good morning and welcome to the 22nd
best day of the second month of the best
year of your life
we just dropped the kids to school and I
think it's time for some breakfast what
we're going to go frickin pink nails
bills I'm gonna be two bills in a while
it's like flashlight would like everyone
there is like ah tastes like nice quiet
time just you and me you know a nice
quiet breakfast this morning
yep thank you first oh oh no guys guys
guys get in the car Anna get in the car
in the car big Roy's
Oh No I'm Carlos Alberto Parreira Jason
hello
that's a little Jason can take I have to
close the boost pressure pudding Jason
Jason just press avoid him no no no no
nobody nobody help them you have to
figure it out lightlife challenge don't
put it down you know watch the trees now
you got you gotta press the button they
know India half way side oh yeah it's
not only Outsiders on the inside it's a
little business district size it doesn't
know just press a button oh oh ah there
we go
are we taking the tree with us yeah we
cut it then I didn't know that yeah I
know it's the plains if you do use that
I know
leaving father Jason are here and they
won't go away we decided we'd bring them
for a breakfast in breakfast and Oh have
you ever been to a build this is my
current life with my eggs and my green
juice this is the life I want to live
over here
my Korea crazy life nearly swimmers not
like yeah I'm toiling I see what's like
it Wednesday
and trying to teach you to drive the
geography with a little glass of the
dippers like it shot like so you should
be like a jagerbomb traversal oh no I
got the car eggs
we're NOLA about you canola have another
part at this see if you get over it I
even offered okay
we're splitting up and it's getting the
media all right yeah yeah I got to put
the car seat didn't everything yeah
don't have the baby oh my got it
Eduardo's home from school it wired us
home from school why you a fool why are
you a fool in school what you are
Eduardo not supposed to be a fool in
school did you get an award for being
the best fool in the school ah if you're
going to be a fool make sure you're a
cool fool we are stuck behind the Train
it's never leaving in the rain right the
train over there oh wow the train is
leaving right oh you know the Train
I love it right
Amelia is going to sing a song Amelia
what song you singing oh oh oh wait what
is this oh I taught a song with being
sung know nowadays oh is that the thing
where four-year-olds do all right so do
I have to guess what word it is and no
oh because you have visitors oh we have
visitors oh no cheating Oh No kidding
Oh what's it I don't understand the game
do I date
see daddy can't play me a pony huh oh
yeah sorry bad bad did you see those in
TWiki
what uses like families who were white
rope together
it stopped the whole thing wrong is
loosing families not wear white robes
together stay together family that were
white roll rope I just don't pay
attention I just you know it was like
because of that and then I know it's all
wrong like
we look at the word yeah yeah okay okay
okay okay okay well done
I just bought this poo pourri I saw an
ad for it on YouTube have you not seen
that ad Jonathan no and it was so funny
it made me laugh and then I started
leaking into it and I think I heard
other people mention it I think Zoey has
this in her bathroom I'm pretty sure I
thought it was just like a sprint like
an air freshener spray but it's not so
apparently you put this you spray this
in the toilet bowl before you go poo and
it creates like a film like a layer over
the water and then trap the odor like
when you poop
so it says spritz the bowl before you go
and no one else will ever know you're in
it go to poo
Oh hold on the bowl no wait not on the
wall on the wall on the water from yes
gray it like - no no don't twist it
don't twist it
okay so spray I think five times what
just straight one two three four five
okay people we spritz under Bowl before
we go and no one will ever know spread
before you got seriously and we're just
adapt it was amazing the goo is amazing
kill if they made me I kind of wanted to
taste this Oh
this is insects the flavor yeah yeah we
have to mean who she played with that
you can YouTube ad and then I ready to
go folks
advertising work that's why I put out to
these videos for you money and then I
remember it I think I saw in Zoey's
health agency guardo was your poopy
stinky yeah exactly did it smell like
fresh lemons no no we didn't know
whether it's not like yeah what are boys
hey y'all what what do you boys have
what the boys have um the best add the
way really MA
so for date night is being easily we've
gone mad life we come all the way out
with new place so we could be alone for
we're not alone you won't go we thought
let's have money in there in that wick
Airport maybe they'll get on the plane
next thing you know it'll be what use
cafe in our county by gosh see but it is
anyway they were being two giraffes
before we've been here once before well
with Amelia and Eduardo in blue water
yeah good right lovely do have a cat
food chicken new lows the low pensee 34
more thermometer for Wagamama
they call it like a Mama's in the UK
from Wagga Wagga Wagga they call a wag
when I say I go well Kamala I financed a
mama they pronounce the wagga wagga
wagga Han o-katsu face to be cats do
chicken curry okay it's the best of
money got everyone else got burgers boom
all yet the ribs
what kind of burgers do that smoky Joe
thank you because they are we doing any
smokes before my pokey Joe oh no he's
actually coming over well this is the
most interesting date night of every
English date night surprise place we're
flying away the cortisol and not we're
gonna trip somewhere I'm you're lucky
it'll be fine it'll be fine where we go
finger country let's go to Honolulu
I don't know my mother's made his own
song you know the lads are and I think
they're gone can't be 100% sure with
those boys gives me some calling cards
which we have to go to their hotel in
collect well done
