why this isn't a meeting
hello and welcome to the 21st birthday
of the second month of the best year of
your life I'm in a field I'm not in the
field hello
what are you saying good morning in
wardo Ciccone Jolie hop off please
so oh good job job alright climb on
we're not going to fit all Jesus Jesus
is Cauchy situation okay stand up please
but myself is water we're going swimming
this morning mommy in the media I'm not
meters in school Wow yeah she's cool and
she goes to school she doesn't want to
be a fool oops champey fellas what no
they're not new wheels
yeah they're the same holds heels
intervene on this car since the day the
car was born ha is that he's old new car
yeah course that is new new car saggy
new paw hey gob yeah that is always a
nigger oh is it
no-nobody internet press - thank you
there is a key thing what everybody was
always going elevator party today oh I'm
just in the middle of eating my lunch so
I apologize I have food in my teeth but
I just wanted to show you or tell you
give you an update on my hair sorry um
so I already updated you on my what I
ate Wednesday which is going up later on
this evening for you guys and so if you
want to see the full update go there but
basically I'm so happy with how my hair
turned out if you follow me on snapchat
you will probably know that last night I
doused my hair in olive oil and I
basically put tons of olive oil all
through the roots and kind of the whole
thing actually Jonathan helped me you
would have seen on and the blog as well
I think he bought some of that and then
I just left it in a towel for about two
hours maybe a bit more and then I have
my shower thing is I took my shower was
very liquid so I washed my hair is very
liquid because that's what people had
said to set to do and I was really
scared like I really thought was going
to damage my hair but I didn't it worked
I will say though that I put shampoo
like I washed it with shampoo afterwards
and then conditioned it like with a
heavy deep conditioner just the ends and
it honestly has never felt healthier
like it feels so soft so healthy there's
no grease whatsoever
I'm so happy you cannot even imagine how
happy I was last night like I almost
felt like crying when I blow dried my
hair and to see that there was no grease
in my roots - so happy
um I'm eating my lunch now by the way I
just got Jonathan spread in your water
because so thirsty and I forgot it
and I got new folders three like we have
come to the depth and the darkness of
the house because we need to get far
away from Ana as possible guys to let
you in on a little secret now imagining
being me I've come up with some fun
title for this video and hopefully you
could come now so you probably know what
I'm about to tell you but Ana had no
idea I thought I need a baby shower we
got a hotel we got a function room we
got a cake we got an food we got loads
of stuff organized and you know what is
so funny Anna's mom and her two sisters
flew into London this morning no idea
who we were saying goodbye to them and
they were crying the kids were crying
and I can tell that Anna's mom was like
I just tell you
and she's like I see increasing around I
was like yeah yeah thing is you should
staying at the camera now but I could
tell Margo was like no hostage freaking
food so they flew it as Jason and Paul
from the white mist cafe they flew in
and I was actually a moment to go
watching their snapchat and they were
talking about that they're going to this
a meeting for the next two hours to
messages are getting a plane to earth
and they're flying here that London
spray is coming I love this crime and I
think Lucy
Radhika strong swing from Orlando with
her husband when we were in Ireland at
myself I'm Margot Allen's mom would sit
at a table and I was talking about
something she liked careful I'm not even
at your baby shower and I could tell her
mom was just like wanted to go sure
surprise I love you surprised I love you
I bet you think that you were getting a
baby shower a deber√≠a stripper
redundant stripper
we've just arrived on a surprise baby
shower
I will just been set up to bring us on
everything I love baby ha ha ha ha ha ha
scare cooking and everything surprising
why they look great they're really and
this is the cake so it's beautiful
macaroons looks so tasty
train station eliminate our train in
Okinawa vinegar contains 15 events 7
frames before le copter and the seagull
and you might filmmaker probably it was
the working like we're in the carpark
annual increase I'm sitting there you
can see the chain from the carpark and
it toid me you cuz you know if you want
two minutes if you London mattresses the
flight tickets and do everything for me
according back like the running have you
made plane and we need to catch our both
oh my goodness would you care to ferry
now for the trip that we took
hmm I know is on your love learning it
out like and then we drove my resume
a two-hour ferry and this is what I was
right there like my god I was told Hamas
hmm
shashi the way back so Anna's mom's
arrived and the guys in the white we
come back right made it to ya now jeans
get them to or have a roast dinner
before a meeting just we're already the
few minutes late I know what's next a
few minutes we with perfectly inventory
you might as well take full advantage of
the situation
yeah and I hate when you write for me
like I wouldn't sorry can I have a piece
you know
hello in our bubble hello Johanna
Johnson comedian 8 yeah very nice
Albie Wow yeah I wish you a great life
you gotta we talkin to that many a time
in the white we're joking a great life
Bulgarian like Ricky
i honest I just want to say I think like
not waking your little punk ass and
people as you're right
no perfect I can't wait to welcome you
to the world to be London round
aunty and hopefully one day you might
marry one of my son so happy really
marry all the children of immigrants
children so I could be your mother
ah nice hour and I can't wait to no I
need my her joy and how I need to use it
thank you
finally by relays on an attic for 10
years a nice metal man saw me and I
thought waited
okay so we've been having we are making
a cake oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah they're
at cake before
get closer to it oh he's doing do you
feel something
where'd you put it
okay say to you no need for defensive
here yes wrecking in here that's how
they see it's really big and I don't see
it maybe he will find a nappy oh my god
these are again quite big no okay what
was it miss me oh I was going to be like
this okay sorry it does look quite good
amazing is there like a little teeter
fun what did he call it in this yuck
Oh mr. sprinkles we all miss you
hi
sorry I'm late I don't read itis ha ha
JJ is Jack no specimen did you get me a
Minnie Mouse ooh no I give me Tinker
Bell
all right so we're finished and we are
heading home now all your other stars as
far as I can see now we are we get close
cause it kind of feels like in follow
the moment 100% sure that's right or not
and you're going to go get a train home
please inquire can we get home ah it was
a good party I was it
okay whoo we're back home oh my goodness
I'm so fired was that one day yeah let's
go home
drive on James know what
ah
