Queeny it's for ingster baby is snoring
Eduardo standing out in the rain don't
get too wet or that'll go insane I look
away I don't have a parenting I've made
the musical
good morning friends and welcome to the
28th destiny from the second month of
the best year of your life and today
you're joined with Anna I'm Izzy and
we're at our new house it's a bit far
away how I'm gonna get closer so you can
you can experience it in all its glory
this is actually where we're going to
have it Wireless birthday party maybe
look at this place it's so cool
addictive goodness you can look so cool
welcome home but the system is really
cute
okay so I've come up with the idea of
putting a train running along for the
party guys what do you think a train
would not be amazing it's rolling along
here and then we're getting like micro
pigs apparently I'm never coming to be
here I don't want some micro pigs I want
to train we can combine them together
this place is cooler and then I mean an
extra gonna even bigger again oh my
goodness yeah she was dead set on a
mermaid party and on the face and then
today this morning when they were
talking about it and he was like oh but
you know I probably find by next year
she'll be ok I'm there we have a real
moment when what see that oh my good is
a real mermaid all for it oh my goodness
is where this party's gonna be so much
fun isn't it yeah oh I get it
I thought Amelia's mental there's
usually be more and we almost forgot to
collect water from school why we're
having so much fun there it's really
nice it is crazy in that I should have a
hand for that someday if you work hard
on if you put your head down and woody
Jorah mica we actually viewed a husband
that similar yes I remember one it's
kind of odd one yeah that's a reminder
me oh my god glad I didn't buy that
mention you want to press a button
nice Oh or free ok for free this is me
son missing me only a dozen all I got
hey guess who's in the car now mommy's
in the car and so it's easy because we
went to a castle wardo to organize your
birthday party wow she really CC Ruby
here's really fit she's still exactly
where we left her
come in there Oh
Amelia's all grown up gonna be real pigs
at your birthday party or no and there
is gonna be a sister Jane daddy fought
hard for your choo-choo chain it's
grandpa's little train and you have to
get a ticket and then it brings you all
the way into your party and then it's
gonna be chickens and pigs and dogs
there is a big muddy puddles and
sandwiches and cake and you can go in to
train as many times as you like so the
side you're getting the train a good
idea is it the best idea yeah
ode 1 of a pony right as well Wow okay
doggie Shamu few hours ago I was all
happy until they start barking and I was
like ah send them away again well
justice Bianca hello everybody
this is our home yankov home everybody
he tells me fortified she's broken okay
so it is time guys to get herself a
stroller in case this baby arrives
imminently so I thought my I've got some
helpers with me this is my helper Amelia
this is my helper Peter Pan Edoardo
wasn't available to help today so Peter
Pan has come thank you Peter for making
time in your schedule to help me Peter
what's wrong
you want to go in there hello did you
have a busy day in school yeah I have
try a hot shot gunfire pass please
who wants to help me open first box
clucks number one which comes in a three
year warranty in water your three almost
the dwarf ever did you come with a
warranty no kids don't come with a
warranty like there's nobody back
guarantee there's no warranty there's no
one to call it a faulty you got one
imagine being a baseball with you right
okay thank you
now guys you don't color this it because
I can't remember now it now Eduardo can
have this yeah all right now Eduardo can
have this because Emilia has this you
sitting there oh look at the baby
rock-a-bye baby rock-a-bye Dave trouble
come on Peter Pan don't doubt it
yeah now we need to build this one which
might take a little bit longer
soccer xplory black three and one that's
what we got guys what do you do hanging
off there like a monkey
he actually almost hit oh my why I've
been busy I love your little bed Amelia
what did you make it right oh you've
another this thing Oh black that alloy
is nice over the frame I think your
carbon fiber the frame is all black dad
I feel much more fair a black bear frame
you know most the shoulders have the
aluminium showing I'm not a fan of that
man although you know we could do that
in you know Cara robbing is so
frequently available I bet you you could
wrap it solar should shake that hand I'm
watching and get like your stroller left
too much your car yeah I know would kill
me would I be so cool don't squash your
sister I'm over here
Bremen greens eyes and
if you own a car wrapping company and
InTouch might have might have a job did
you guys guys I made a house deal yeah
she put the feet on here look at this
she has an umbrella guy secret husband
down here
yeah she's tall so it's raining we can
all get under here it's raining in media
careful it's raining it's pouring the
baby is snoring
Eduardo standing out in the rain don't
get too wet or that'll go insane I look
at parenting
I've made the musical oh my gosh
entertain
I might not build it I know what I'm
going to use it you need to build it you
can't go in there
what can't go in there because she's a
newborn baby
nope okay are you ready
ehm Eduardo I want your camera and where
I want your proper review hey keep up
there you feel superior to feel strong
and tapas
although this maximum here quickly you
gotta turn around well what do you think
now whatever it is we're gonna get back
Wow no I think she needs that inside
thing definitely yeah yes doing me Diego
ready oh you will need the umbrella
damn it down is in I'm more you
want
okay ready is a resume ready I mean in
the baby needs to go sleep we'll take
down brother now yeah you didn't
definitely she can't go in here and
touch it like I think I like hardly I
think we'll do is look at a car seat
just fit into this thing is rough maybe
are you following me
that's it folks we have this loader do I
have to car seat where for some reason
what the clothes are watching but if for
some reason we have the baby
we'll be able to take her out on the
town in the stroller but now why don't
we get a car seat okay can you get me a
car seat please you need I need a baby
car seat when that apparently fits into
this thinking I've heard rumors it'll
fit into that well you'll have to get me
one oh thanks
so when you talk about gymnastics so
we're going to show you how to do
gymnastics like to look you can tell you
do that so here again this is another
one it will you extra if you tiny dips
into balls legs hold on time to really
change special oh okay ready ready
Jessica I got to walk now this is gonna
be something different like this is your
form is last exam I have to show you
something back for the day this is what
I found on page nice option this is what
I found out attacking her and then I
can't
and one and Al Jarreau subject that
you're okay thank you for watching the
video and press the right button
I don't you can watch more of us drink
than that there even if you find out
automatic news like if you find out a
domestic concern in the other than that
I'll get you her knows that to be
genetic and I'm using come to our house
to do genetics
thank you for watching the video press
the like button and if that happened by
you step in Washington TV applicant a
new content record Oh Stan you're so
funny
let me just take a look my notice in
light of the mischief
and there's about to have a back of
olive oil clicking the size that they
enjoy supporters in your head out of
court
that's all official it look like you're
gonna drink it on the end
do you remember oh yeah well I know you
did the clean your brushes like this
yeah you also to supposed to be good for
pretty I'm removing all the stuff at the
end we're here I just poured some on top
your head you just massage it in oh yeah
last over oh ha good well yeah you
pulled it through weight over to think
okay trying to see the roots okay
I wrote that in I am kinda bit more okay
here comes gray rub that in the older
this is my first time to wait on 20 more
for second and I think you just turn
your head with it and there's no harm
drop words are wrap it in a towel
maybe yeah so they watch TV like playing
out no more yeah that's more good lean
into the sink
we're going to buy just the root you
know
mmm yeah aha
do you use shampoo no I use hustle for
help but I don't try this until you
watch tomorrow's vlog for an update it
just in case you the Reston see the rest
of it they're trying to distribute that
around tada
Marge Simpson it looks get it cool
though you could bring that as trend
already look at those little pink flops
over and all that's really cool oh I'm
gonna baby you oh my god you could
do that your after you hear her
crunching away oh but your mom and
everybody right we're all here all the
fans here we can garden of eatin hot
chili peppers thingies goodbye friends
thanks for watching this video
it's the part where you say something
inspiring no goodbye as you guys
tomorrow
hit the Lights and wear nice tight bye
you
