good morning everybody and welcome to
the top of the deck of the ferry
good morning immediate whoever the some
day of the second one the best day of
your life attend even remember with a
non de faria we're on the ferry home
yeah come on be a mommy potion - damn I
know our dough
goodbye Dublin by Dublin by Dublin wire
look over here look you can see down
there the boat is gone
that's cool not cool fire now if I are
in the area know why we're doing this
exact trip Eduardo standing right here
making a video looking back here and you
are only what was old know if you want
Omar know what is I don't even join as
much as our nut we go back and let me
try
be careful be careful
and these commander huh
okay I've come back with Amelia now we
can say goodbye to Dublin say goodbye
darling goodbye
Orlando come back around in there a
minute there what did you have a nice
holiday if you have a fun holiday in
Ireland
sit sit bye Dublin see you again soon
our son I was very confused so it's
going to be a bit of a drive like 10
hours 28 minutes ETA to an online me
buddy okay well welcome to Wales but it
knows it's anymore in Dublin poor I
don't think it realize we got on the
ferry so now we get set it to M are to
be yeah if I can do Cana but didn't even
okay guys I need to tell you something I
need to tell them about my hair too so
you probably can't tell right now can't
tell
it just looks dodgy great but my hair
I've been having this problem for about
the last two times that I washed it
where it just looks like an oil slick at
the top after I wash it like it doesn't
matter what I do even if I double
shampoo which I have been doing which is
probably bad I'm not using conditioner
instead of shampoo like I'm not using
anything different like there's no
reason for this to happen
but for some reason when I get out of
the shower and blow-dry my hair like I
did last night it was like so greasy and
today to the United Kingdom well we're
going to get stuck which were comparing
oh cool
it's literally like and it's really
greasy and hard like waxy and so I
looked it up into the room because I was
like freaking out like when I blow dried
my hair so then our last night wasn't it
it was
and it was like having oil just it is
really what my goddess is all weird and
it's horrible like it's really actually
kind of upsetting because if you take
that long to do your hair and that or
wash it and conditioner everything and
then afterwards it's just greasy but
like really greasy and like a tub of
gravy just on your head I looked it up
and apparently it's like a skin
condition called not psoriasis
Association anything there's no one just
me Tom I need somebody in the white
table for you can't well son Tom has
been on the other hand with washing his
hair with conditioner a whole bloody
diet and then even though you know I
just brought to dish there's an example
but even him washing his hair with
conditioner he'd never look
like crazy like me no I know I know
companies I realized that I enjoyed it
idiots over here Washington directed
Easter
this one's got a green Sun head to do 33
we do a four-person come on
and super degree oh my god no piracy
what I hate the feel of it the only
nightmare that's all the clutter yeah
but I didn't have any of that but even
not like nothing really does that it's
unreal owes olive oil
ah oh my goodness guys I've been driving
since about 4:00 or 5:00 this morning we
are not home we're in Chester but oh
goodness I'm so tired house you guys are
you ready come on Amelia Amelia don't
step on the DVDs and the iPad please
step over them what do you want you want
salmon cream cheese and tomato for the
immediate is requested mr. delicious in
your pajamas huh
all right we put some shoes on you
mister yeah look at look at this my car
is just full with Disney outfits and
there's any packages
that's all I'm bringing home no you
can't see any chews on you mister well
mom's car keys as requested at Helia
salmon and it's a cream cheese so what
do you want
what are you thinking it's an ledge oh
it's Starbucks or Judas place to do that
I think I might get this puppy and it's
really bad you want to have a cheese
under 100 you wonder how much you are
Wow one tendency core as well
I got salmon and cream cheese does that
work out for you hmm both collection
that's right
okay we put the manuals back now so I
just wanted to go and put water fluid
thing in it but no idea how I've never
opened this engine bay before I've even
realized super choc okay now where is
the water this guy that looks like
alright
yeah yeah okay come on open
oh my goodness okay good thing I
double-checked because that wasn't it
it's this guy here hi well so I'll kick
it off
I was just hilarious I was like oh I'll
just put some water in the car and then
I was like I'm like in it how do I open
this thing I've never opened it before
oh definitely if you're a driver and the
old motor lays eyes for a couple hundred
miles recommend having window washer
fluid get you would I mean and we are
home and you know what Amelia what's
that over there
yeah you can't say her name say my
little sister stroller so we just came
home and the stroller guy let's have a
look at it oh no spoilers guys but we
finally achieved success in our lives
oh my goodness so we got the carry cost
this is what we're trying to figure out
though if we have the actual I'm not
sure when we're going to Anna's gonna be
so excited caught oh so nice what you
why don't you can help me build it now
Amelia just so you know I got up at half
four this morning
oh my goodness my hair and I rolled you
from Alma Paris to our house I am tired
guys I'm beyond her I'm delirious I love
when we're home I love the feeling of
being home huh
do you want to help me get all the stuff
out of the car before you what are you
doing why don't you come home and make a
mess tell mommy will tell mommy come on
the exciting news okay tell mommy guess
what arrived the stockist rotor noise
yes it's in the kitchen okay guys guys
you're going to help me bring this up in
you are no still in his pajamas oh are
you having a pajama day mister a pajama
all day long I'm so cool I'm so cold I'm
so hungry I'm so tired I just like I
drove for 12 hours guys I just want to I
just want to close my eyes for a minute
and not concentrate on driving
what I mean is having addressing what oh
my goodness we got more Disney bags okay
you drive oh geez so it's your daddy's
laptop okay you drive your trunk ents
drive your trunk Ian's drive your trunk
easy guys why oh my goodness oh just
went to the Disney shop for five minutes
you remember that time it's always very
important after you go away and holidays
for a while this is where things go fish
huh he loves this Busch spot stole the
static slipper but you must always go
home and see voters focus issues do you
still fit in your bedroom Eduardo have
you grown do you still fit in your
bedroom
what do you stuff it can see to you off
you I was worried that you might have
blown your bed while we were away on
holidays is it waters new favorite toy
who's this yeah is that a witch okay
let's go get new pyjamas on because
you've actually been wearing them all
day today let's get fresh new pyjamas on
okay
Amelia who you Amelia
do you still fit in your room have you
checked to see if you still fit in your
room
what have you grown out of your bed and
now oh no is you're too big for your bed
what are we going to do well you need to
go check you need to go check let's see
can immediate so fit in her bad guys Wow
what is widel can fit in your bed you
know I shop jelly bean and Douglas so
that's actually a report this bed I'm
probably this and this and this
that's John Lewis probably most of the
stuff in this room we got from jelly
bean these beds are amazing though and
Marie was telling me that you can get
connecting parts of this and you could
turn it into a slide what she can fit my
toys are all right yeah
whoa where were they used to be till Wow
oh my goodness you grew a lot when you
were away in holidays oh my goodness hey
you might be the tallest in your class
now I might just I'll touch your bed to
do something crazy there anyway Amelia
do you want to convert your bed into a
slide of course you do
well yeah count over the name of the
thingies but you can convert it into a
slide apparently very interested will
very interested about that Oh
member
Oh
you
