you look at this first thing and you're
like negative force 10 right in certain
life in certain item and shadows there's
a really faint line maybe I'm making
this up and I just I really want to
positive love the other day I do you
need 20 new around but there's something
all this test and because of it I might
be like maybe like a week pregnant that
was the cheapest like I was like a
kitten
okay I go to get the clear blue water
people once we get it being tested on it
didn't ask Oh God
hold it up hold it up in the natural
light why you have the hold okay I can
see so something you're something yes it
wouldn't if that wouldn't happen if it
was a negative that I can't see why look
at I don't know you're living there yeah
well there's if I turn this is right at
the boy I know
now the recognize is a right angle you
do that using man I don't I don't know
today is Tuesday 23rd of July your
brother's birthday we were standing
there and I Suzanna I opened this up
right and I was like oh hey look just go
to a pregnancy test for the halibut just
so we know and just comes back oh my
goodness
we're pregnant again oh no more
friendlier friends we are never going to
be a family of an even 10 who are
annoying interested more 160 people yeah
they're we're going to be four people
two adults here Joe that ought to NSP
children with a family past something I
thought you're going to reclaim you swim
friends like you want a brother or is
this video
hi so now I finally feel like I can tell
you guys not be I don't think I feel and
how lawyers I feel and how I feel like
I'm going to puke any second
yeah secret that mmm like seriously I
feel so sick and oh my god knows that it
is until we had a melee ask to run
across that carpark I had the car up
there okay folks remember they remember
this from last year the journey begins
journey begins with paying for parking
that crap it's official folks we got the
green folder we got the green folder
thank you my friend ob is hi hi my
favorite orange juice I know recently
where it could and then we say our you
know we've been good at that this hi
we're in your 40s pointman we're that
Ciccone Joanie's you know a submitter
really we're gonna pick out nistro dog
food is nuts scenario why not oh
goodness
uh-oh what - Isaac ooh problem this time
probably this time and day last year we
were driving in here was a 4 o'clock ok
well it's 10 to 1 now we were actually
driving in here to book in for our
induction and then today we're coming
here to in officially officially
booking last time was like an airless
can this is like our official booking
appointment not crazy on the same day
that we booked in production it's
stained a year later that we're booking
it officially down the second baby that
was good timing on your behalf well done
you don't have to share your toys today
fun huh toys - are they real clear see
you there it's Peter to the left
right here well no name
Hilton Ron yeah oh she's standing she's
just standing around
it's the camera I use like so so single
shakers yeah they'll make her stand
because the two hands are occupied yeah
this is what her place looks like so
when she comes down is so exciting
tomorrow will be her first birthday I'm
so like emotional just thinking about it
and seeing that the fact that this time
last year I was in hospital getting
induced crazy we're going to possibly
find a degenerate huh we may or may not
though you know right off you might not
we might go right now myself it's over
here never know because I consultant
might even tell us even if he does know
because I he was like lassen he was like
paint the room yellow okay
not pink or blue we just go out and even
if ya mean ooh I mean it was a girl I
waited music girls beautiful girls like
here we go oh no sorry no we didn't make
the light on our way to the filter like
hmmm
oh we didn't make the light you ready
yeah
what is this looks like my boy little
boy
oh is it girl yeah I thought it I said I
first saw it I was like oh that looks
like a boy don't know anything bad boy
oh we feel really great I felt like I
couldn't even be not see myself because
I really loved her doctor but oh my
goodness um no clear our phone is gonna
call my name I couldn't I couldn't even
like it's not that I I don't know I'm
just like that like I don't like showing
like too much emotion in front of people
that I don't know not well and so when
he said it like I was just like
overwhelmed folks but I couldn't even
like express it but I'm just like I feel
like I'm good good a flow like I'm we
got it we got a girl and a boy
I'm so happy like so happy but he's like
hey today we've what we wanted yeah boy
we just we couldn't say it anyone you
can't say that's the rule you can't stay
oh really I really wanted to deploy you
can play without a voice
you know I always wanted a little son I
think my brother be like you know I said
I'm gonna have to be like a kid a man no
did you always want yeah I always think
me guys are said to meet in mind because
I like so you can't say - I knew you
wanted a girl so I would have ordered a
Brit you know say I wanted you to be
happy but you gotta leave it and I had a
dream that's just happened what you
think it was their best guess board does
it look like me or Anna
it's very pretty so I say Anna oh boy
Louie had it oh he just had a squirm the
ROI uh-huh and it's definitely
definitely a boy there's no mistake
we're so convinced okay go away there
and you know I know oh yeah we're under
way home we're taking selfie oh and I'll
be so different and hot time you're like
I thought I was gonna start crying and I
couldn't start crying because he first
was named way to Alex crater when he
looked over me and I was like that's a
boy
and as I'm not gonna say anything in the
new earth dishonor were you talking
about you consumed with me
hello sheep anymore oh don't be a well
yeah hi everybody hi everybody
we are headed to get our stroller and
it's not only just our stroller it's
like the whole system so to travel to
surpass all of us so it's double and
it's going to be for easier and to me
and it also changes into a single
stroller which I thought that's what
sold me on it was that because I would
have yet because sometimes with all the
things whether you get a side by side or
one in front for double strollers
they're always gonna be bulky I mean I
think the ones I go in front and above
or below in whatever those ones are you
be less monkeys but then it still be
like your simpler okay well we actually
saw we created actually got two of them
we got we have another one but you
remember I always wanted to start date
I'd like to get to my car we have to
cool stars as usual being a star system
please off of me we're gonna form a clip
together yeah yeah but it's absolutely
massive and peaceful here because the
food is now full then really like
squeeze in there it's a cult thing go
get some lunch
you want to come out either way is 2 to
5 kg 11 for 11 okay yes look you're
gonna hold them for junior yeah we're
going to change changes nutty
your season come on say night night
night night you are just too cute huh
like Rachel for Ana's life yo Kenny
victim because I'm doing everything any
with my to be here for you again see you
can see I was like hot panics all
sixties us and like we're not good sir
he's like I think was I think we're like
are we always by week now yeah he
noticed I want to see when employer
expects for more visit
oh my god I just actually got beat in
there
that was insane yes actually I go put
the tape what is this it's actually like
paint was hurting me like not really
sore but you know somebody push me from
the inside I was meant to their second
ago I got the Baba Yaga Baba all right
like all right lads and lasses see you
tomorrow there's voice of reason in here
hello and welcome to the 31st of March
where's the baby I was promised to baby
on this date okay you there you there
you get an eviction your life is already
always overdue don't you yeah yeah
consider 24th yeah come on can we two
weeks overdue I figured out because he's
not here yet obviously although I'm a
touch of having baby last night I'm
going to add I'm going to make our
little eviction notice tail and we'll
put it on a my dad will be my thousand
Instagram pic they're still tryin typing
staccato
I think about it wait a minute hmm hey
meet our new pair shoes I love it I love
it it's called the teapot you being in
fashion huh
you changing all the rules couture
fashion way Amelia the teapot here you
go
don't do this okay so I figure oh you're
gonna pick it up look at the baby
yeah okay Patti now anemia safety really
up here so buddy
today is officially induction day
Abraham lads
Abraham mommy is going away this evening
and she may come back for the baby she
might even have a baby tonight
outside of this video did it happen but
gaming the grand friend and - you know
it's official school wants to go for a
holiday who wants to go for a holiday
husband cuz it babies the StarTek baby
oh my gosh you want a fresh start huh
come on fellows stellar doggies
let's go on a holiday when you go back
oh my god when they actually come back
we'll be here cuz you come here
you say bye-bye to mommy didn't care
let's go a bit of money a little bit of
hurtful just a lot a bit of hard for her
to do
guys you have to help me here this is
super important decision you take
Junior's arrival pose this looks like a
cheese hunt we've got the quail
it's like junior Jay you practice little
one and this little one I love this one
because it's got little feet on it it is
the warmest but then I like this because
it's like a junior on it junior Jolie
essentially and I was like she did
before I'm Holly I am leaving
I feel it's a poisonous plant - areas
girl look everything's blue and white
over same grade and as my pyjamas are
great before but that's for later
I don't know but if you're definitely
seeing your evil that was over here so
you had a cramp and the scene is he'll
go I think no because potential good how
could you I don't commit some shows in
the machine did you imagine if you
actually went into labor on the night be
reduction actually goes in somebody's
food under a huge wall fix right there I
don't know you don't know all right
are okay men Indigo's well he's going to
do me down and check please but that
would not be amazing though he's
actually went next for yourself someday
anna has done into natural labor all by
herself
random applause please induction is
canceled and I've gone into labor all by
herself
one friend mornin jr. the welcome to
world while you're not you yet but this
is day you were born and had a complete
fairness and equality this is exactly
how I started the video obvious assuming
it was right here right at this science
I said this is the day my daughter was
born so just as bad as inequality your
boat is booked it is really good or just
really government by the way whale and
quail oh I just figured it'd only be
heavy he wanted for 61 let me go get him
breakfast food I was kind of adding a
little bit so I'm going to take this
opportunity because not ready it's going
on
oh thank you oh my goodness this is
where I had that conversation
yeah so do you ever settle in here okay
I am back with my coffee just in time
hey I know it's just they're getting a
little bit stronger and Caesar car
Piazza Newark they don't know how fast
and in a progressive still only 1/2
centimeters and there but again the EPI
just in case yeah because I think it
Oscar said we said a tree in 10 minutes
or somewhere talking to her explained
explained everybody and everybody he's
about to have a baby
how should this year he okay when you
sucker nothing like that everything's
better in life not fully yes have been
kicked in for a pelvis
they were really far too early looks
what you look so pretty girl during a
contraction here mr. Park my goodness
compared to yesterday's where nothing
was going on
I did it now did you happy working a bit
though he celebrated pretty oh sorry
she's never shot
they'll hate people
we open the window I have a son my
daughter you don't I give me Leah it's
insane I can't open it
and he's so cute and filming he's mental
what kind of okay hold them down down
you peed all over me it was like he's
like all right they're holding us in
check for all the sudden like what the
hell is going on there's a water
squirting everywhere I was like oh yeah
we're so clearly as yes as a contractor
for the first time I think bigger I just
wish you're excited to meet your brother
are you excited ha you can train it's
like this way honey
mommy ha that a bowl of you think you
see the baby baby look at her face she's
my baby my baby boy and she's scared
good morning again my other little
friend Lee is friend a true friendly
friends now huh I got you envious then
sunday is friend number two huh if
anything I'm with you what's wrong
what's wrong
hmm Thursday - hmm they're coming on
through do i hearing that leads up never
maybe I think where they like twist that
leg backwards and stuff I'll be shocked
remember last time my friend
let's go get some vaccine time you're
not gonna like this what I like take it
oh he's a muncher now is the winter
don't don't try anything and then but
I'll eat that one actually fit
- radio home this elevator ride
especially first out of it right and
then he the whole friend Oh what's your
it mm-hmm let's give it a little into
the clink I'm a kitty Clank all right we
say his name name is Lee she is
Baltimore allocute you must look this is
definite a radius connoisseur Balthasar
with it - couple of jokes oh god did he
just ate for like half an hour
look at the neck look at the neck action
on right now makes stomach baby
okay Carol oh god what is it
his eyes are done big okay so he's kiss
kiss good girl hey what's his name his
name
you want you want I gotta say it
hi guys who likes to do it so long
oh they're tellin his war name Jonathan
Cohen Julie why'd you pick apart that
was goodness and bark she keeps no hado
Jonathan yeah oh you know what you turn
to the iron oh yeah Wow and yeah I do I
do in the air
Eduardo oh that's the story of Eduardo
that story of Eduardo that's the story
of the guardo oh he came to me hope you
enjoyed the video Brandon you're mine
goodbye and I'll see you guys later
