good morning friends and welcome to the
17th best day of the second month of the
best year of your life thank you so
looks like the white hair long hair
we're going to be interested but we had
the baby last night we had a
two-year-old almost year oh my god I was
really worried last night oh we're
having dinner and you can you and you at
your eyes were like wide open but then
when I heard my mom or Eric hassling my
mom had I was like oh they're exactly
the same as when I'm experienced but it
just so happens that those things on a
person mmm you're saying that you had
like pain in your lower back
was it and it was like tight in my
stomach and then I thought it was going
around my back now that could have been
breakfast Nick I actually have no idea
but then um I went to the toilet and
like it all came out like all of my
dinner like everything I don't like oh
my god that's a sign of like kind of
later oh she said your body is like
emptying itself out I was like oh geez
and it wasn't even like a little bit it
was like quite dramatic okay
sorry but I didn't get sick but anymore
sittin and I'm thinking like oh my
goodness like what we have with the
color old OB and we can see what he come
along and do it and I was like okay look
we know the hospitals you know we know
everything then and then we're and then
I was thinking like wait a second could
we get a plane back home or could we get
a Helicon how do we need help me
all-star weekend I don't have any baby I
know you're the baby bag or anything so
one wing so myself only yeah I've never
got matching tattoos
huh neck uh do you want a matching
tattoo Eduardo ever tonight
oh I gave it water what else goodies now
you've got matching squiddy's huh
there's my screaming here is QWERTY true
yeah it's woody friends the Avery and
the kennels are this way guys are you
ready you ready to see the rabbit can
you see them it can you see the rabbit
to the look Oh
sandesh Lee know what Paul does birdies
and all here is this open look hello now
can anyone speak bird can you speak bird
Eduardo what I can't speak bird but I'm
good at tweeting what plus they have a
Christmas tree guys that's a good use of
an old Christmas tree stick it in the
birdie look at this thing over here oh
my goodness they can go in house
hi guys look at this thing over here oh
just a little baby first today another
almond and he might be talking we did
the guy loads of tattoos this morning is
a little pretty Amelia got her name on
her arm to match mine
I saw you wrote my name of me yeah yeah
I'll show it as well oh oh you brought
Jackie oh look at the picture mommy is a
little girl that's mommy is a little
girl America and Emma
oh that area is just a Lego you guys a
building hmm what a skateboard he would
say on this skateboard look each other
your Elementor contractions last night
you better not all right unless you're
having the baby here oh well Lisa web
for the kids Oh beep it up yeah we could
have a baby yeah I'd rather happy I know
I know but your dinner like she is there
like it was really I don't really
serious yes yes I like me from the taxi
hmm oh my god I was like we better get
the same Oh be wake them up yeah yeah oh
my god it would be hell that would be an
area is I keep joking about it yeah I
just oh my having a baby darling that's
really nice Margaret we have a very
important question vacuum how do you
feel about some of my stuff being up in
Anna's room oh I love that because
everyone thought I thought once a week I
go up and I lovingly pick up our air
test takes something there was a lot of
there was a lot of concern in
yesterday's comment section about it
people thought that all results with my
room our attic Rosen
Jonathan has scientist Royce I destroyed
your hands always it seems you know they
might use measures of motorcycle helmets
you don't be driving that now often but
not your Sylvanian vomit cool on your
due date unlike my duvet collection you
put me here at all well however I you
know the skits will be coming
yeah well I'm gonna have to get orders
you have to make sentences with it
Wow we go boyo
crow caws I'll put the corner to fire
then be take it off take it I don't want
this cool I'm gonna put in the fire
right out on Friday
oh it's very hot exciting - that means
you tested it out cuz you're the
prettiest - yeah yeah
for childless will actually pass country
because we have with child how he's
bringing a child is just come on these
are the confusing parts a lot of
maintenance involved in this one yeah
thank you
true but immediate and white oh just all
they want to do is just go to Oman cell
and play with yeah and he aircon and see
Emma and my mom they don't want to do
anything else today is the best day to
feel bit rainy a bit wet ah great - it
didn't open difference comfort whoo Wow
it is quite wet and very safe which is
the change because the last two days
were actually all right I think you
women really like we would basically
spent the day at the pool inside but
it's fine holiday we're not really here
to do anything like see anything lights
or anything we just wanted to see
finally hang out the violin or chill out
next time we can you go to Ole Miss will
happen baby
how weird not like if yes but don't make
jokes and hospital right where I got
punished right overnight
few children of the future we do
apologize that time in court when we
send you to Grandma's house and we sat
here in a classes afternoon tea and
cakes um let me just check it for you
we'll save you something children of the
future
will we take them to marry cake from a
dare a cake that will eat those two
chocolate ones oh the ones I'm eating
right now
yeah sorry chosen of the future we do
love you
we've arrived back in Margarito's house
and check this out emma has baked
cookies just for me and she's made me a
cup of tea cutely I just took it what
are free and everything so oh look I
haven't had any sort of sweet cakes at
all this afternoon
oh I'm so hungry you are wanting one
sakes man can you say like hello mother
and father I have missed you hello this
one I don't know is it fizzy water no
place you wanna oh it's okay Wow I
thought I wasn't sure it was busy
whether or not boo Billy Joe that's not
Michael Buble water in the door five
minutes into work send to work right
here so Margaret's lost a fuse blown a
fuse on a few I think I can't live on
anymore
yes I see no good it's not thing you
know where I was new bullet nothing sits
on oh well the shower doesn't work
according you to screwdriver fun
beginning it all go we got to Yammer off
right let's get some tools
okay
all right why don't you want to be my
helper we have a job to do go with
Margaret and get a screwdriver Mina is
having a lollypop OD great Oh yum
chocolate Kimberly okay why can you help
me do chocolate biscuits do you want
some mini chocolate biscuits Eduardo
yeah okay silver look you can pick one
Eduardo you want some - Amelia no like I
can't remember they're all flooded
what's up what how could you have no
Phillips screwdrivers what's an expert
driver you never faulty mom okay we've
come back and I got Phillips is right
and glad I got the Phillips and the
turned out is honey flathead after all
look at it after all
oh that wasn't this equation I had but I
totally plan that probably wouldn't fit
ah we're golden
righty-tighty lefty-loosey always
remember that it'll save a lot time
unless we pull that and then I should go
over here
hit the shower
when all else fails Google's a problem
right we found a fuse box but it doesn't
really this is light practice or in
order to do this I need to isolate the
power in that area because of the mains
but we don't know which ones which and I
don't want to die so I think we'll leave
it to professionals lads
and their friends goodbyes heart be okay
okay you come with me there finds
goodbyes so hard over little sister
everything yes it's such an emotional
being Amelia look at Eduardo he's saying
the piano are back in the hotel Amelia
has been taking pictures on her iPad and
we found her camera roll look at this
it's so cute
wasn't me even my life was going on
there you take pictures of Mommy it's so
cute
their own little camera roll huh Erika's
voice you like taking pictures of feet
making fun of bombs bombs and feet of my
bomb I can't depict a horrible ranking
really black ninja manager sir yes you
are so funny video all right so we're
going to go now guys because we were
planning and staying here for a couple
of more days but due to the fact that
Ana was a bit concerned she's having
contractions of them last night of God
and I've booked an area fairy and we're
going to get up in about a few hours at
five o'clock this morning ruining the
drive to build reports we're going to
jump on a ferry
we're going to get ourselves drive all
the way back home because I'm just a
little concerned that and they actually
have this baby and we're in the wrong
country so we've caught this turd that's
why the kids are so upset earlier on
because we have to cut our trip short so
let's just think that's not that's not
that's not chances anymore anyway hope
you enjoyed the video guys I'll see you
tomorrow goodbye friends
Oh
