so we're just back from dinner and we
asked their leakers I'm asking
contractions apparently which I hope
it's not okay all jokes aside please
don't go into labor
good morning and welcome to the 16th
best day of the second month of the best
year of your life you find us in County
Cork my friends and I merely had
something amazing to show you come here
come up to Mina come onto the stage here
now hello Amelia right show me what
you've done well would you look at this
now Amelia
almost wrote the alphabet this morning
that's all very impressive lMNO P W X Y
yes me now i know my abc next time I go
I like your scarf Eduardo well done
Amelia and this is my other child who's
equally as impressive you are is going
to be a fashion designer when you go
thank you
are you serious Amelia Kim you guys
media wrote my name at the top what so I
wrote at the hand at the bottom kind of
oh yeah here maybe practice underneath I
think you have dumb dumb are Tom and
then she did at the top it's amazing
Amelia I try my best
I'm a big jacket my skill and get at the
top
it's amazing Emilia is so good he did so
and you guys want to post me the men's
application forms that have a candidate
over here that's really impressive that
she can be much unimpressed I don't
think I can write my name Oh handy handy
I have my surname there in case I forget
it
oh and I have these ones oh yeah that's
these Bellamy knows them
so before you grab for today me Eduardo
what is he there training whoa
let's get on wait on a treadmill with an
Eduardo mommy coming up a family
treadmill sighs look at you Eduardo you
guys look so funny together
thank you many people have comments when
Anna was zooming accident I made that
little thing where she's in the water it
was like she's like a submarine because
I was like I suppose if you think about
it like the baby is suspended in life
and will apply fluid or something
floating around and then an exploding
also looks like double floated good boy
hey we're all in let's go get the girls
Wow yeah girls are to worship them boys
or girls or the boys are now okay I'll
let Rimmer's brush their hair and oh the
girls will be wrecked your hair what oh
okay group okay and every kid it won't
take a little dress apart oh isn't this
a fun holiday Eduardo what this takes
raising huh
it's freezing Kong but it's going to be
right on our buttons over here right go
back yeah I need to get one of these in
the house guys as a proper knowledge
that thing we had during the summer last
year were not inflatable at home he's
eating laughing I was called on a proper
when I did and a fool like that oh boy
guys so every go on holidays my shops in
Romania
always make holiday friends and we
always make only friends
it's like myself an immediate sting we
make holiday Transvaal Amenia we made
friends with this lovely family from
London didn't we
Sofia and she showed us all her she did
them a scrapbook of a holiday in Ireland
but they had to go I know millions very
upset she's fine saying goodbye is very
very hard on you but maybe you will see
society again she hangs round in the
same places we hang around isn't she
should go to the same places week old
huh poor Emilia holiday romance is are
very difficult so I'm loving happened so
fast
met a girl cute as can be he met a boy
crazy Polish skynews just ruined my song
are you taking your clothes on all my
guide o'clock got
is anybody there what is that what do
you think tinder a well one for daddy ah
okay Cooper daddy
wait is this frozen ones what did you
get your chosen ones as well did you say
thank you to Alma okay you're very well
my way
all right myself in Eduardo have come on
an adventure are you ready mr. mad you
want to stay in the car or do you want
to get out of the car you want to stay
in the car okay
you've never ever experienced this
before okay I've got the code where's
the code wait did I buy the wrong one
I think I've walked among one leg Oh
guardo walk along one would you do hold
on tight we're in the wrong wind wrong
one we need to drive over to this one
we're getting bit we got the green light
guardo drive up you ready
Wow
right I quit Carlo
normal all right mister come on
come on it's over it's over don't worry
yeah we won't do that again
I thought you would have had pilots how
you would have enjoyed it
so long guys got don't go in there again
never again
why was it too scary cracking on my neck
is house sorry
oh no sorry never again
anyone bring Amelia next time no no not
you is it too noisy
oh no sorry about that I thought you
might I are going to money back to money
and only male Club okay
all right to myself and I'll have snuck
off because Jean where we are this is
the little shopping
I was actually turn around on he is like
over there brothers actually I mean hi
so add this is the shop that we bought
all the media stuff I'm Eduardo stuff so
this water stuff yeah so inside like
let's come here and see if we can get
something for Donatella I'm actually
just Anna I actually said on Twitter and
I was like if we hit two million subs
I'll tell you guys the name of the baby
and then I thought what if like actually
happened before the great was born so
that could be a terrible backfire yes
but I hate your bags will happen for
truth for truth get to military what
other zone you got I'm Selena for Emilio
just yeah isn't it works like one one
Queen I love the structure because it
has a little at the changing mat that's
really cool we're looking for those
specifically is when Amelia had this
thing we got the chopped Galway that
that musical doggy that she still has
today and it wardo has Peter Rabbit
which is musical that we still have
today so we need something for the new
baby
if you use this guy that's the kind of
music so rest for looking for yeah just
broke oh my goodness
okay Dwyer needs bed officially good
luck at the boat bed as well he could be
an animal no honestly
oh this is actually the shop that we
bought Amelia's kitchen in Omaha the
past day one but look there it is look
at me oh my goodness so good it's got
like it's got like a scag
it's got bars on the side of it like
this really nice which one oh no here's
the bus sketch sorry okay I got who park
beside my door I find it all the time
what we're having is abate here I want
to get edoardo the dinosaurs and the
girls I think it might not be too scared
of the hi I'm a little look at it I mean
it's cool yeah it implicit Lula's dragon
selling reseller yes dragon we after you
hit the dragon
oh my look what else is English yeah I'm
going to try against this for
Amelia how amazing a vanity oh my
goodness now nobody is to come to jelly
bean in court in Douglas and buy - right
warning you don't do it we're back in
the hotel we've managed to get Erica to
come here - hahaha
Derek is going to stay here and mind the
kids and myself and Anna are going to go
out on a cage night are you excited
Eduardo for an evening with your
favorite auntie huh
this is this is this is Erik and
babysitting techniques keep them both
iPad anyway this is cool
it was so cool I got take advantage of
my sister in Dublin and now Hina sister
here let's do her hair giving herself
ready to go yeah we're gonna go down do
you watching Joyce I'm gonna show
so we're just back from dinner and we
have to early because I'm asking
contractions apparently which I hope
it's not okay all jokes aside please
don't go into labor
okay I've paid my deposit in the other
hospital okay I don't know if it's not
refundable enough oh my goodness imagine
like all jokes aside you actually in
looks like well did the contraction
eating stop they're not a regular
contract I'm just like feeling tight and
like I lose it some cake contraction and
then I just have like massive diarrhea
is that it that's a sign of labor yeah
because you're applauding like clearing
out but then I don't know what I just a
couple yeah you her mama tell you about
your mom sick you know I hope that sort
of was like I hope you just have a viral
infection powerful sis but this is not i
guess just like see what happens you
know but don't do the thing with the
eyes like that that makes me think this
is actually for real so again to the
toilet she had hope so I feel like this
if you do have the baby it's my fault
for joking about it so much this would
be like my punishment don't do it okay I
figured out it's a 12 hour drive home
you could do it no all right well you
know what happens hopefully there's
nothing
she is moving in there did they move
usually before they come all the time
Oh
