but it's Turner Turner oh boy oh boy oh
good morning friends and welcome to the
11th best day of the second month of
your life and this morning we are
heading off on a rope but first I must
get the snow off the cars oh boy oh boy
friends what a heck is is so why is this
snow everywhere who is this guy I don't
remember ordering snow for the road trip
guys oh my goodness
notice right preheat the car up now for
everybody oh boy
I can't believe it snowed eyes nice good
morning and welcome to the first day the
best trip of yours Peter Rabbit
what else do you like great snack and
you got the console down yeah I know as
a narrowing on an exercise that easily
does not go to the guy that he goes at a
sensible feed guys you know the next
road trip we take your little central
console won't be there your sister will
be there you're trading in the bar for
your sister
so so the camera come over myself I am
look so I've got sat-nav on put batygin
on an antenna group
yeah Oh handling tonight then so I can't
see what's going on can you touch me Oh
you
my goodness guys welcome to Birmingham
first off on our intrepid adventurers
Birmingham where it is snowing
there's no here guys it looks like it's
Christmas let's go some sort of a
Christmas situation all right are we
ready for a Christmas situation have you
got shoes and everything on oh all right
Fred change little elit and let's put a
little hold on
Eduardo you have dandruff snowflakes and
he look like little snowflakes we went
past Birmingham so not a hundred percent
sure where we are what we're in the
Birmingham area then you guys recognize
this place
Birmingham massive is it what yeah it's
slushie yeah so cookie the further y0 it
look actually little closer quick okay
you're getting a massage
huh
they're so inside these machines do you
know the password I see you
one guy says go oh the mommy needs the
coffee get some coffee coffees please
follow there
like regular hmm make it pasta you
should make it small option small coffee
but I have to get a regular coffee
another large one complaint I think
there should be a small option as well
if I can make it
I got a phone copy at some point all
right back in the car look at this - my
guys I picked up wonder hold or place a
mobile phone I'm wondering what this
 right here we're about to find out
if wonder holder I was just going to
kill know how much let's open this thing
yeah how's the game it's a challenge for
you haunts me where we are
we're in England England I think and I
think in Wolverhampton we still okay
four hours ago
oh we're here that's fine don't take it
off okay there's a lot of fairies guys I
don't know which one we're supposed to
go on so let's hope we get on the right
one huh hmm what do you think okay I
wonder what country were going to buy
house that's where we just left money
off now
not yet why because we haven't turned
off the car yet fully
oh well now we have to wait now to the
man open oh boy oh boy oh look
cleaver huh sure oh hey Pete Macaulay
Carrington we're currently understand a
long line long line not to spend a short
line to spend a long line did you bring
your swimming costumes guys only gonna
Tony a little bit going a little bit it
won't be that cold
no not going to bow I mean I were joking
you don't have to go on to see only the
boat goes in to see okay
all right yes we just going on the boat
yeah we'll get our hair wet we are on
board what we are on board and we're in
our bed what the Goldberg well we're
going to look around your shopping
centers your cinemas there's all sorts
of things but we just thought maybe
after a seven-hour drive I did maybe
have a snooze anyone snooze row I don't
look at there Missy nice and easy boys
go to the boys get windows when we when
we start sailing though we'll be able to
see all the way out you might see
America and I get around you I see a
mermaid down at the bottom already PVC
woven oven
or you feel do you want to go and try to
meet me there
what you don't worry what excited me
about you did wardo Oh what what is
nobody want to go inside you want him
here
what guys look we're there we're about
to cross the line go back to cross the
line in our hotel that's our hotel right
there we came over to it no you'll be
okay won't you ready not gonna cross on
the line that's it guys
are you ready guys we're getting off the
boat man sighs whew oh my goodness that
long can't get nighttime now oh my no
your lights on
okay don't touch it you know how to do
it you just touch the light yeah good
girl she should dance great
we made it
well well it looks a little different
so different it looks exactly how it was
when we came off yeah it came on is it
is every place same same cars in front
of me just like no their chances are in
a bit are dope man
I was so complicated though honey like
you just gotta follow people
hello we are here at the hotel guys and
look what they did they got loads of
toys for the kids and a tent and then
look there's a little it's a little
light thing up here I'm so cute this is
Amelia nerd waters room because the kids
now are growing up so grown-ups that
they actually meet their own rooms
how amazing is that give you all my
goodness that's going so good tomorrow
you see the entire city and it looks
like it's snowing anyway a little quick
room torques and you guys love the old
tours is it wardo give me a tour show me
around
no okay maybe some day and Senate
meeting about a bathroom hello this is
an inner room it's just lovely sweets
and grapes and stuff very excited to
Reza don't eat those okay I won't the
room thing and then here sleeping
quarters for mommy and daddy why mommy
okay oh I don't look at it hello
what Oh noona is lovely this is cool
anyway they've just refurbed this whole
area so like look how even greater
hearing smells along aiya smells
refurbed was your bathroom hey Nick
you've got a nice bathroom I know it so
pointed have their own like room now
here we what do you what's in there what
all right night-night wardo oh but the
end yeah alright bye you already do
Isaac detroy right
all right kids are in bed and it's in
the shower I'm editing the vlog to get
it up for tomorrow I was so happy to be
here friend
literally I left it I left the house
today we're like half 6:00 this morning
and basically got here at about 6
o'clock there's an insane amount of
traveling but it was so weird when I got
off the ferry and I was driving around I
was like ah when our car like I'm in my
own car in the different country of like
goes crazy it's cool the sudden that was
like ooh hello hello welcome anyway I'm
just chilling here watching TV meets
immune only am take hotels activated
they do these old things they put the
little mints in your bed it's the first
bit of chocolate at nature's as well
tomorrow we are chilling in the pool and
then we're going to spa and then we're
gonna all we're at will meeting some
people just doing some things you should
watch it we should watch it may not even
have a base piece my just real arias it
will be hilarious if we actually have
the baby during this trip friends I
shouldn't even joke about it because it
might actually happen is like then I
don't even know what we'll do like G
hilarious it will realize you know be
different anyway keep an eye on ash and
thanks for watching guys and thanks mean
awesome they Liam even really nice
comments everyone's really positive
everyone's even nice like buttons and
comments and Twitter's and Facebook's
and all that kind of stuff you guys are
amazing hope you enjoy our vacation
vlogs I'll see you guys tomorrow
good bye Wow
