it was like so cool look if if every
like if she's kind of not growing as
fast as we want
we'll just take crap he was like alright
wife you will you will not be born in my
birthday you listen to me that's my
birthday
good morning and welcome to the tenth
birthday of the second month of your
life forgive this two trains are about
to become one
no I'm just gonna watch this we're gonna
get to watch the trains come together be
on a train while it attached this is how
baby trains are made when she when the
mommy train and the daddy train like
each other they come together in a poof
and they turn into a baby train and
that's it baby trades are made what but
that's the truth so called lose beyond
call this oh it just happened that's it
just happened what's good for you
we're heading into London to go see the
baby so last week we went to the OB and
we got like a fall and not a nice can
you guys saw that right and then just
like Amina does he this exact thing it
didn't happen with Eduardo though boys
boys no but similarly girls they grew
everything like they're all like yeah
yeah like our heads and everything
outgrows put their stomachs in the
stomach
he's like a little bit smaller than
restaurant business bro
yeah they just grow small no he said
like two years aren't very big so more
than likely it's a normal thing we say
just to just just to check it out you
know she's petite where we've come back
in a week later before we head off on
our trip just to make sure everything is
a hundred percent fine work definitely
okay to go away in on a little trip and
the baby's gonna be fine and Anna's
gonna be fine and everything's going to
be ain't okay just in case because I'm
all up for having the baby in the back
of the car but we're not ready you know
and then when we go looking for car
seats and then I'm still wouldn't have a
car seat ready maybe we should buy a car
seat and bring it with us just in case I
see I'm gonna born fan right there in
like we're pretty sure gonna go in and
we're gonna scout and everything's gonna
be like - Tallulah yeah oh good you know
what he made like I don't know if he
made just like throw away Colin he's
funny series the bed remember it was
like so cool look if if every like if
she's kind of not growing as fast as we
want
we'll just take her out it was like
you will you will not be born in my
birthday you listen to me that's my
birthday okay
attention joy yeah cancel trip I'm gonna
berth around Monday I'd like see you
night
alright that's my birthday my birthday
look at this we just found this in the
book right so this is Amelia
yeah this is when I media was born no
problems this is when Eduardo was born
no problems and look miss this is the
squid here guys look Dana Bert it's
amazing I love previous pregnancies like
immediate honest had three previous
pregnancies miss oh no problems no
problems that's pretty sad they give her
like a birthday and everything
and look behind this train you're gonna
miss it man because either trains me
look it's like a proper like old trains
your time you call we added that
restaurant approaching London Victoria
so look like it's cooler is that the guy
was a called a Pullman before it's cool
isn't
and you guys are trained spotters we
picture in your element right now follow
the yellow brick road
oh wait there's no yellow 101 what a
festive drink oh no a nobody gonna real
I don't know what's going now no no I'm
good thanks
yeah thanks so we actually managed to
find your AXI just sick they let you off
when we got lost in London Victoria
because the painting changed and now
we're not a regular special did she get
that at home well why do we even know is
that look a little baby oh it's too well
it's two waits for what dads do now we
must wait till the next adventure
oh where do we get a 40 and everything
freaky just hearing oh he does hit early
last week gets tense at the end every 20
minutes
just checking
it's hard beautiful bathroom replacing
them every way they immediately babies
Tommy most in this section
and we're out and it is snowing parade
it's kinda snowing anyway everything is
a-okay
the baby is growing same as Amelia
little bugger just like stop throwing
for a second just you she wasn't
attention he just - she slowed a little
bit you just wanted some attention was
like fine she's like I'm just gonna go
on a diet
I'm not going to eat this placenta today
or something anyway we're gonna get some
long and this snow is not good for our
big drive tomorrow
it's kind of raining so cold oh wait
where we're going guys the weather is
going to be perfect it's like it's
Prosecco we're going to it we're going
to a tropical climate what do you see
you're gonna be excited you're blown
away
you just need Sun cream hats stars what
bikinis oh yeah totally such it's a
total bikini the best hello Julie I
haven't seen y'all deliver a long day
well I have seen you have been on the
old of MOG vlog camera anyway guys I
have something very important I need you
guys to do something for me okay
don't have to tear Amelia made this
tower today so I need you guys to pick
some DVDs for our exciting adventure
that begins pretty much in a few yeah
yeah so that's the first job okay died
wardo oh boy oh boy be careful be
careful what no I thought you guys are
picking the DVDs for me
now do you want to bring Disney movies
or do you want to bring the Pixar movies
I know I know the big ones there with
this collection here have like all the
Disney movies should I explain to them
that Disney bought Pixar or should I
just let them think they're Disney and
Pixar movies I don't know I think we
should just bring this box guys cuz look
it's got cars Incredibles Monsters Inc
ratatouille toy stories wall-e Finding
Nemo just one goodness what do you think
guys what he can
Molly kids nothing there's nobody cuz
I'm in there so funny what's so funny
you
what do you cuz I have no it's wall-e
wow that's funny guys that's not Wally
alright that's it no DVDs yeah good wine
oh boy before a road trip stuck up under
steak slides mmm so good look at the
sandwich maker oh oh take an ad
look at our arms bellowing bellowing
bellowing smell it you can smell I need
it look at this guy in here this is all
the badges and the sauces our foods were
eating before you put them in the back
as we literally are leaving in a few
hours and we'd like nothing back we have
the kids back yeah kids are oh geez oh
geez what exactly is going on um oh let
me bring you back inside so mommy and
daddy can have some dinner all right
it's the evening afternoon time what
turn your video off No
watch yourself inception all right kids
are bad a little while ago
we've had some tease and boring Chinua
CD the crisps I don't know and I watch
the TV but we have got to go to bed
because we're up in like 20 minutes for
the longest drive of your life I'm
really excited I must say I'm really
excited like I'm really looking forward
to this you know just like the four of
us this is me this is the final this is
like the last time we're gonna be a
little force of adventure sorry sorry
yeah yes I am yeah that's right it's
almost like things sorry and today sorry
today is always a little bit short but I
gotta just I've got to get this edited
and uploaded before I go to bed tonight
so we can upload otherwise I'm gonna be
traveling all day tomorrow so look guys
we're gonna be we're going on a little
adventure for a while so enjoy the next
pile of logs and then you just keep
doing it there even though you're not in
the bed oh yeah so with this laughs I
don't know I'm a slapper all right so we
got to go say goodbye friends say
goodbye to the house cuz we're not gonna
see this as for a while as we go on the
greatest adventure of our life even
while I was here you take me merely be
like life all right quiet see you guys
tomorrow
likes and comments and I'll see you for
the adventure tomorrow
