hi y'all welcome to the shake holy
goalie flop hope you blew this house or
whatever anyway
good morning and welcome she's a look at
the hot mess and welcome to the ninth
day of the second month one of the best
day of your life
clean up coming with me to collect Leah
became so confused
well I'm going to grow it's raining -
why do they do this I should have done
list myself
there's baby wanna be late now because a
stupid dog Lydia we're back and look
who's here Oh Oh princess syndrome
sit down the wagon that's not Eduardo
that crafter yeah but let's go today I
cannot see ya yeah can see back all
horse Tina she was so happy to collect
you well actually at first she was
confused because she doesn't really like
being away from her puppies and LV Tina
we hold me on Athena okay so it was
worth about inside and no because you'll
walk all over the seat if you get a
duardo slide though with Sina okay you
can show Sina how to get out all right
it was perfect tails dress-up day today
at school so a media was Cinderella
come on now job I don't know you're
going to just be nurses so happy now Oh
careful the doors hello there friends
spoken today
hello there Amelia did you just oh my
goodness unclip yourself clip yourself
princess
my cards are run again sign yeah you can
woo this hairpin ah this edge come on
show me how princess gets out of a car
show me oh that a princess because as
the carnage she lifts up her dress and
she walks just walk like up and in said
careful don't run can do their hair cut
now haircut time that's key nothing it's
like what is that hello princess walk
okay so remember when you go in you say
I want a haircut like my daddy
well I just used to say that I want my
haircut like my daddy okay dry your hair
pink well you can always ask I think in
one impatient against everything they
want matching her coat like it what is
the key matching the card is on purpose
on it what he's matching the car look oh
yeah
you planned that right we'll meet it
careful computer car little gentleman
Eduardo princess one guardo immediate
waving at you oh don't move really
looking for tapas yet
oh you're home for heavy continued
against Sevilla Oh Monsieur cool yeah
both with a bourbon like that that's for
the customer yeah what do you think
well I'm would you like bacon you guys
were amazing where I got the shortest
heckler that I had was good evening hey
Mac uh-huh and I'm the two ladies that
were like they're so well-behaved is
really nice
yeah well you know why you are as well
behaved cuz you go so often no cause he
is no more oh yeah it's totally thinking
considered is like yeah no I know he
just completely goes into like a coma
yeah me too I love your hair about
reason immediately well she's just
always a well-behaved doesn't teach you
what to do and then they get the
chocolate biscuit and the
the sticker and it just really helped
like the whole experience is such a
positive one like they've never had any
issues with getting their hair cut and I
actually kind of thought they would but
quite a sorry mess the new load they
become exact the hair that is in this
little car you'll be sitting on there
yeah I'm the one we get the baby yeah
brah
hello a good babe you're still fine oh
yeah you put on your left
yeah oh you're such a good big sister me
yeah and then me and it why does a good
big brother anybody be a big runner oh
are you gonna share your toys yeah my
choice yeah but you might like Eduardo
hood hey what if she likes your toys the
most Eduardo and then she has to share
all of your Thomas boys down are you
guys going to share the baby what what
well who said is you're going to sleep
in it why does our Amelia's you are okay
okay guys what we'll do is at the
weekend she can sleep in his wardo bed
but during the week she can sleep in a
man's bed I'm sure that's me what do you
think
nah no okay well when what patches you
sleeping right out tried to make that
biscuit last so long you're gonna
but it's--but
okay reminds of when i was when i was a
kid right at Easter time or a Christmas
time myself my brother will get up in
the morning I move like a tall tree
strike or eat all our Christmas
chocolate rice and then my sisters would
have their chocolate for like two months
later they still have to be straight
laughs you have opened some researchers
flex emotions
I have the more talking yet it was the
same with me though like my younger
sister each always like if we got
sweetness of things you'd be like I'm
painting them and I'd be like I've
already finished nowhere I didn't know I
thought like to teach my sister's a
lesson myself perverted always steal
their chocolate it I feel like it was
the only right thing to do
it was my civic duty and punishment okay
Christmas chocolate is meant to be eaten
on today then while we are out guys the
baby arrived this is a new way like a
stork German storks used to bring babies
oh they never did this that was just
another lie of my generation all right
let's open it up and see what we got
wait where's this opening you know what
kind of book is this
Myrtle MA oh yeah here I think might be
particle box
look at that you put okay yeah I can I
can see the head so I'm gonna teach it
you a bit of course this is just what we
ordered so this is the new baby said
it's this new and
environmentally-friendly
I said it looks like we go back
oh my goodness look at all the paper
that comes out I think this is the
actual thing oh my goodness but they
didn't have this when I when I when we
had our babies last time sleepyhead our
kids never separate
oh and that looks oh nothing it's so
cute the book yeah and I'll keep it safe
keep it safe for her this also is
multi-purpose use let me show you
hi my name is Rob Stewart
hi Holly all welcome to the shake holy
goalie flop hope and glue this house
forever anyway alright let's put this
roll the rest of the baby stuff in the
baby room ah ah oh geez get their
clothes ready for the trip we're going
on a trip to get his ready yep
Oh exciting
it might actually be the coolest eighth
year again
I don't know what happened guys is
lovely and warm last week and then this
week's the reason it's just gotten so
cold again anyway I'm here looking for
stuff for the kiddos to make their life
easier because the first stage of the
journey this is pop sunshine shades no
the first stage of the journey is going
to be about 500 miles that's going to be
crazy completely booked
we weren't supposed to do in two stops I
was going to date in two stops I was
going to leave and late in the evening
and then stay overnight halfway we're
just going to get up early and just go
for it for like six seven hour drive
straight all the way house is there I
was in the neighborhood
and I was like ah she dropped into
houses actually and see if they have any
stuff we could use it's just like a
backpack
that's it oh my goodness the kid can
carry their own car stayed around
mommy's nice most trusted do you know
what actually it you know you travel and
you're jumping in their taxis all the
time you know and the kids obviously
never have car seats and you're in taxis
in foreign countries that's a way that's
a solution for that don't need trucking
we want strong keys so we don't need
drunk it we want but we don't need but
do we owe more than this were like oh my
goodness how much fun would it be if I
came home of twenties so let's look at
it mainly at this one to get immediate
this one now you get at one of the y ou
or Hello Kitty one
Yakub the blue one I think with wardo
you know they're like they're pink and
blue I do it guys
what I do is I feel like I feel like
it's about to happen
I can tell what I've been the TV text
this is an annoying
calling distances and purpose purchase
and I should encrypt crickets
I did not come here for this I had a
meeting down the road there I just left
there a second ago and I just walked
back and I was like oh how fringe I just
pop into helpers and see what they got
oh my goodness I stuck these in the car
or that way I also met a I also met our
viewer a minute ago at a bus shelter so
it was a double whammy this is it I've
always wanted these always dreams come
clear that you know how excited Amelia
is going to be when she sees the little
thing trunky oh my goodness Jones yeah I
was just looking for the vlog I was like
wait there's much my into pieces this is
my last resort petition no kiddin don't
give up if I carry on breathe in tanana
Nana Nana na na that's ready when kids
are in the car nods or Anna my mana
because she doesn't approve of the loud
banging Rocketeer old music - Daniel why
don't we forgot their kids new toys
should I leave them in the car as a
present later huh yeah I don't know what
I do and leave them in the car present
later or maybe I'll keep mine till
tomorrow I'm not sure I don't even know
I got it
I don't even know how I got it I don't
even know I don't even know you know get
up it's just you know I tell me now cuz
I live now I live it now so the back
okay start off okay
what you tell me again now so mommy
forgot her suitcase teaching but what
suitcase did you want to use I can use
my G my old baby boy the old baby one
you don't want a boy so you don't want
it boy and grow on a point no the colors
out is a blurred tie or not many women
are tired and they can fly at the
bordello Kyle but that was the best
pilot to stop I can't come on laughs
okay okay you guys have to close your
eyes and wait for daddy there can be no
peeking that's peeking going on
now wait is there peeking are you
peeking are your eyes closed
are you sure let me check on both I want
to see both dog's eyes closed if you
open those eyes to surprise is going to
disappear what do you think what what
did you guys get do you don't know what
they are these are strong keys look look
at the little girl in the picture
Regan you ride on in their suitcases
thank you did you write on them yeah all
right okay yeah blast off you ready for
blast-off
haha you love it
you
