it's getting me
and out my window waiting for the Sun to
go down another day
and I'm wishing I was with her living in
that bond or Star City skyline feels so
I can't find
her heart is my
Harold
and this is having some breakfast that
you slept along the way somewhere over
when our final event
how those days
not a worry just you
you could be
time's the change Beiste
-
on it
you turn younger as we got strangers
they got bought and sold
since she died
Oh
people come and people go the friends
you'd have
world outside lefty selling
looking out your window
I recognize
the shit's coming in
all that time
the plane we go throw me sir thank you
let's go we made it give you some
monkeys I found the part of that one
what oh you know if like oh yeah you
don't know if like I have a flag for you
why don't you push me in one guys you
got a flag how is it okay I am perfectly
jet-lagged I have like I don't even know
what's going on my faith have like the
tiniest amount of makeup on that's just
probably most of its rubbed off which is
actually a good thing I meant to take it
all off but then I just forgot
and I still got stuff like packed away
thankfully were actually mostly unpacked
I did go to sleep for about an hour and
maybe a little bit more favorite over an
hour the kids and why I didn't sleep at
all but he slept the most on the plane
unless he has left two hours and I mean
yes basically didn't he got home which
is bad but I couldn't stop her like even
when I went up and asked her if she was
okay she wouldn't answer me and she was
like completely out which he hardly
slept on the plane like at all so look
at this Easter stache this is all for
Easter
so right now I am going to attempt to
make this is still okay it's a column
but that I got me see the date on it I'm
looking for just like putting chocolate
I'm gonna attempt to make a less got a
cake that's localized I'll do my best to
help just kind of whatever you'd like me
to do kids are in here just playing this
here so careful to keep that closed yeah
I'm gonna try and make a cake um for an
SEO for tomorrow
I'm just looking for plain like cooking
chocolate which I can't remember where
it is I'm gonna make a cake from it's
the first I've ever made but it's
actually from Tonya's book Tonya bakes
and it's the brownie cake because I
figured it was the simplest it's the one
I know that the kids will really like
and oh here's some chocolate okay that
was easy
I need okay so I've got a little helper
hi
the ingredients are ready and I've just
prepped the cake pan I am missing mmm
I'm missing a few ingredients most of it
it's chocolate which is such a joke
because we have so much chocolate in our
cupboard right now for Easter but it's
the wrong kind of chocolate so I needed
chocolate chips which I don't have
a little bit more of this 70% cocoa like
dark cooking chocolate but I have got
milk so and I have most reporting these
so I think I'm just gonna use a little
bit of this added to that and then just
do without the chocolate chips or what I
could do is I could chop up some
chocolate and put that in instead I'm
not sure I'm feeling at that point still
very jet-lagged
it's so cute having like three kids that
are actually playing all together and
not having just like a newborn baby and
two you know because that's how it was
before and now it's like okay yeah
obviously you can afford to play much
better together because they're really
close in age but she can keep up a
little bit
and she can kind of just like circle
around them and crawl around them and
it's just really cute I can't wait until
she's walking I know it's gonna be a
whole other headache but I think in a
way it's just gonna be so nice to have
the three of them like just playing
together so cute
what do you think guys is it nice yeah
alright just shitty okay
thank you meaning I put it back good
girl you can have it tomorrow okay
you're top what yes
my cake is ready it is very moist like
when I flipped it over in the pan
two of my thing like my fingers on
either side almost went through it you
can see there almost was it disaster but
miraculously it held up and it doesn't
look that bad at all considering a
finger went through
so I think I'm just gonna let it cool
completely because it's still really
warm it's very very moist I know people
don't like that word um you bothered me
not much but I know a lot of people hate
that word but it is probably not mine is
it something good so I'm happy
I hope hope is not raw in the middle
I don't think it is because the
toothpick came out like clean it should
be fine but yeah it is dinner time even
though it doesn't feel like it feels
like the afternoon or something like not
afternoon feels like lunchtime or like
we've just got off I don't know it just
feels so weird but it's dinner time
no one's really hungry but I'm gonna
feel anyway I'm better on time because I
don't what choice do I have
keep going and I think it let's see it's
only gonna be okay but I don't think I'm
entitled well I don't think in the air
will be alright House well objects like
babies you guys ready for bed roll baby
they're painting parties I have a baby
here oh yeah if alessia's birthday
tomorrow guys is it are you guys gonna
wake up in the morning and sing happy
birthday to you less yeah let's here you
are one tomorrow huh
no way--just she won at like two o'clock
in the morning tonight yeah yeah because
we are already sitting in the bed I was
sitting on my own comfortable chair yeah
yeah as I have to so that's like we grew
up and have to
the same TV thing gonna be what one year
ago oh that's why you were flying did
you do please daddy what do you get oh
you know why do you know why it hasn't
changed to not being about do it this is
a true story I'm sure I must have some
time away
no way no anyway let's go change nappies
and let's go upstairs guys and altering
I'm going to one bat which is like so
convenient yeah
then she oh look at the little things
and we picked up so we got some Jamaican
Blue Mountain coffee okay and then from
Mexico I got these things here I got
these jokes from Mexico I hope they're
good haven't opened them yet
hope they're nice and tasty and spicy
and then from kuba
we got something the stuff in here is
long all more stuff from Jamaica we got
home some of this Appleton estate stuff
and Jamaican rum cream yeah who's your
favorite country of the trip I think
Mexico yeah I mean the people in Mexico
I love the people in Mexico I love the
food in Mexico they made the best pina
coladas and mojitos the beach was
amazing the guys everyone's so nice like
what oh yeah yeah like Cuba was like an
amazing like Cuba's just such an
interesting country with trade embargo
it's just like it's like going back in
time or something it's such an
interesting you know cultural experience
but Mexico was just so cool
uh-uh I would actually think about gone
we should be Mexico sometime it's going
to Mexico less yeah it is a long flight
yeah it's really cool
all right guys let's go hello so a lot
of people have been saying for quite a
while now that they're not receiving our
videos in your subscription boxes right
and I was kind of it was been going on
for a few months now and I did some
investigating yesterday when we got home
because I watched a video by Phil
DeFranco and he will say my YouTube kind
of acknowledged it for when you press
subscribe to the channel you would then
receive all the videos because you
wanted to see all the videos but they've
changed it now so when you press
subscribe you're only gonna see some of
the videos so what they're saying is
that now when you when you hit subscribe
if you have not hit the little bell
beside the subscribe button
you won't receive all the videos so make
sure to hit the little battle thing and
you'll see it says like this is the
season to be notified of all the videos
not just some of the videos all of the
videos so if you want to watch the
quantities every single day and you
really enjoy our videos please hit the
little bell button thing and you will
probably be given all of our videos from
now on maybe possibly hope that helps
hope that works um hope you guys enjoyed
our travel series video thing it was so
exciting gonna do again a more on the
last last night it was already on like
where else can we go where else can we
go it seems there's a lot of resorts in
Greece Portugal Turkey and just
something like Sicily so let's see if we
can hook 1 and M up guys I need to get
back I don't want my time to fate hit
the bell
I'll see you guys tomorrow thanks for
watching
