welcome to the SEC and
it's actually the eighth best day of the
second month of your life February that
pit yes that I was in the picture so
we're having a quick breakfast you are
having that for the trip wasn't that the
deal for the chip we're getting ready
for your trip
we're going on a trip unto the sky you
may you may come in
you may come in you may come in but what
that'd be cool all right what do you
guys want for breakfast this morning
Eduardo did you put your watch on never
look lad huh - it's alive today was my
morning reading for this morning
very exciting stuff not quite as
riveting as Amelia Sleeping Beauty book
bush I think that the good read
I'm not going to get to the end and see
what happens but it is very interesting
with a room full three choices I like it
I like it
whoo ceramic brakes yeah let's go into
mommy's car for a school run though but
I don't think we're all gonna fit into
that East car even though it is a
seven-seater there's more to see
what don't be telling lies you're 17
you're cute oh yeah it's magical
the passenger in my own card rather
listed public are you clear eyes very
jerky leader I are the cars Hercules no
you guys are really like I have a
question once how'd you ever put it into
X yes
yeah anything you wanna see sport
motivate part of even though in the
Dublin so this is also sleeping is
working this morning for a huge meeting
yeah there's no today friends there's
the first meeting of what are the
biggest projects of ever undertaking
time tell you about it yes as they
always say as this day in the videos but
I'm pretty exciting wasn't even filming
you properly Oh probably what his horse
support solace but I'll using a montage
in years to come and it would experience
an immediate corner both high schools so
and they're both excited to go which is
really nice
in my car the Rebs are really like slow
and it takes a while where you go going
in I've noticed that like sometimes when
I put my foot down it's like I'm like
okay calm down man I don't know eyes not
in the back of the diesel will save you
like long-term is there a better value
our boy that's why I don't really like
that much I like in spontaneous reaction
of petrol
ah I just did my workout I am sweating
sweaty Betty right here I'm so little I
am NOT going to be seeing oh my gosh out
of breath sorry
I'm not going to be seeing Lucy next
week but I really really really want
keep on top of my work it's just like
even twice a week because that's like a
nothing compared to what I was doing
before so I really want to do them next
week but I will be on my own like
cousins you won't be with me like
forcing me to do it so I really hope I
can do that because I think I just feel
so much better after where it is just
it's just like the actual doing of the
workout but and it doesn't even take
that long
honestly my workouts plenty take like 20
to 30 minutes and that's it where we're
going next we can all be able to so
there's not really any excuse it's just
my motivation is just different to when
I wasn't pregnant
obviously but I know that's normal but
Johnson's not here so he's in a meeting
today so I'm going to have to pick up
both somewhere I can I have to leave
early because they both get at the same
time Eduardo has a stay in play at his
new Slyke his new school so that's
exciting so it's going to be pretty
full-on so we need to like get going
I need fans so I needed
required park guys five apart next to my
next car Institute I'm lined up together
thank you here's the thing right Jaguar
is great in space right but look what
the California actually has the
California has seats in the back I'm
telling you I throw getting for my
birthday from Ana Scuderia badges and
all and so again for my birthday lunch
I'm excited
oh look or maybe a convertible version
huh all the cars are here hi I'm Kelly
I'm going to drive every single car in
world all of these cars actually driven
one of them driven one of them driven
one of them driven one of them driven
one is am driven one of them never
driven one of them driven one of them
driven one of them never driven one of
them driven one of them never driven one
to them interesting whoo yellow Mustang
has a concern about
I love right now this English Hey
before traveling this one here history
such as well history Go Green
Auto versus our friendship and without
we really good listening to audiobooks
racing all based on history it felt like
my favorite channel is like the Haiti
Channel and the Discovery Channel itself
and then yesterday when I was in I
general excise there was there was it
was a problem that's why they guys came
back all right guys I got to go on top
in the media are going ash come on to me
yet ah hey um
Lavinia what's what happened we're okay
guys seriously what's the I okay I park
a jade URF type in the driveway my
Jaguar f-type has turned into a
different car Amelia maybe when it rains
f-type turn into X type or something
like that huh look in this car don't put
your feet on it which card you very
Melia even fair that one that's my girl
good choice huh this is for boring old
daddies
this is for cool daddies yes
I'm trying to feel like I love for time
but I kind of want to like comfort oh
yeah
I quit looking I go into
look who's here the media and Eduardo
are you fighting your crash good girl
oh how was school guys it's fine
they can't see you now anyway wow she's
so clever yeah they want to go in the
garage to see their there was a mouse
who was eating Amelia's car seat
annoying I'll ask your lady my hospital
I don't know we'll see
okay okay might be not the purple one
okay you see I don't know he might be
hiding now isn't that naughty
don't touch it a media well because it
might be dangerous
yeah the Mersey eight yeah silly Mouse I
don't know what color them maybe Brown I
think I might smite them around okay
don't well I didn't really see him daddy
saw him do you know that one forced me
to do hey he focused on me I first moved
to the UK it was about a little fight
with the people working here and then or
709 I run and look at the window it's my
view my office man we're having an
important meeting and we push the ankus
music video on so we just had Eduardo's
little stay and play at his new school
which is awesome Union school and it
went really really well he wanted me to
leave which is a really good sign well I
was pretty close to my car
and yeah he played with a plain girl he
plated the puzzle you were so good
weren't you yeah he's in a bad way now
because you don't want to go home but we
have to go home mommy needs a break
because I feel like I was literally been
in taxi all day and I need some water
so thirsty are you thirsty you want
water what is all we know
but let's go
let's go
Oh
let's
you can drag the left back home while
I'm not home I'm back in the car park
beside my Ferrari
I knew I practiced to learn but you know
what I think I'm going to take the Jag
today that was one of the biggest
projects I've undertaken it's a big big
project and today day one of that
project all the contract signs and all
that kind of stuff but today with the
first creative meeting of the team if
something for you you're going to love
it
trust me Oh have I ever made you guys
something you didn't love huh who brings
out the best calendars every year you
think who brings out the best advent
calendars every year
are you excited for tomorrow y-yeah
what's today tomorrow play next day yeah
I don't need to work day tomorrow but
you get to dress for the anything you
want I Omega Q who did you choose see
you later
you're gonna be Cinderella is that a
classic tale yeah donk opium a cover
cover it the map we talked about this
you are teaching all that you know how
many little boys and girls are watching
this right now who are thinking to
themselves when I grow up I want to be
like Amelia and now you're what about
the example you're setting and
gamma-gamma cupcake and it's go flip
burgers yes nice I didn't exactly tell
them all tell all the boys and girls
what do you do when you call my new car
go cut your anger max do put your hand
on your mouth will ya
because don't you listen to me now you
tell them with great power comes great
responsibility in media you're you're a
person of the public you have to be lit
are using your no no universe about the
public yeah oh my goodness what example
I love apple peach but bad I'd say we'll
stop pick out did you guys know you are
going to do it there you did it
ok normally she always covers her mouth
when she pumps or she teams it's funny
Jiki immediate right that's it go to bed
go to bed then then take oh oh yeah hold
on I'll do that now Thanks right
what stairs ok
guess who's back guys guess who is back
again my old friend I don't think you
see I don't think two seeds is going to
work so I brought back the big fella
she's back ah this is probably a more
sensible option the man with the family
oh it looks clean lovely nice look it is
not only the Range Rover sorting your
cars or Jaguar but looking at they even
give baby clothes ah have a baby air
free car
yeah everyone comes about ok guys next
time I buy a smaller sports car tell me
I love this I love this car what I'm
gonna have to give I'm gonna it's going
to go someday again it's going to go but
hopefully for like a seven-seater or
something like that and then I can have
it ok new deal we keep one family car
and Anakin have her car and then I can
have another car what if next week I
come home in a McLaren or Porsche or
Ferrari it's ok that's different gotta
make these gotta make these clauses and
rise out I get the cars for you that's
why I'm getting them because I'm doing
it for you so you guys don't have to go
out and get them either that's actually
a nice service I'm providing check out
my video what I eat eight months
pregnant
breakfast Wednesday Wednesday no no he
just called it what I eat eight months
pregnant and then the answer individual
starts everything and oh yeah Hannah's
on the seafood diet when you see food
you eat it I've never heard that just
before
let's go seafood
ah
Oh
