by
good morning and welcome to the seventh
best day on the second month
y'all guys on its own okay
ah Tyree I just saw you out here I was
like oh let's take it in boy and I see
how do you see me okay ready so we got a
new family car
you should definitely fit everyone in
right definitely definitely here it is
look would you be good little using
Gordo ha I saw me the old card come on
taking away this small little car and
we're going to put everyone in this car
you can rent a booth over I'm gonna go
look Oh more times this is all wheel
drive one is lost
it drives in any wetter is the driving
water it does almost a 3d look at this
oh hi girls I'm time you sit down sit
down
oh my goodness it's a seven-seater
actually a seven-seater can you paint
those little Johnson pickup might be a
was yeah what do you think your own
private little cabin first-class travel
no purse no club pretty sad ways Beza
weirdo even though you can't what - huh
is it a buy one get one free why to get
- what do you think your favorite oh
nice choice you say what do you say so
much which one is it
get wired that way duardo do you want
that one or do you want this one
which one you want that way okay your
first car we own for Amelia you know I
didn't even have any human me yeah going
to is nice though
so I'm at Donna's place getting my nails
done I just got my hands done and
getting it done now and same color it's
a hot pink I love this car I had to get
pink because obviously I'm having a girl
but yeah I really like this polish it
stays on so long and I got so many
compliments on the last one that was a
lighter pink but I wanted something a
bit brighter
I was watching like holidays vlogs from
when we were in Florida thing yeah fire
that and I had this similar color and it
made me like crave that color like the
brakes of so I know it's not summer yet
honey it spring yet but oh okay here
just one but yeah these are the colors
that she are the this is the bun that
she uses it is so good the gel Vaseline
okay right I'm doing it wardo to me oh
oh my goodness right now you are huh
okay hold on let's see music see forward
and it moves it forward
oh are you sure you got instructions oh
maybe it's like a manual anything
mmm right now we have a problem
my mommy mommy learning coming okay you
ready
sorry all right why do I do
oh you hit forgive oh we love leather
does a fan to go pro so we're working
off the swimming now
but after swimming we go precise yeah
you got one as well all right oh we're a
little late for swimming
that's okay how do you think is 200
miles an hour
so we should be okay yeah the Jaguar oh
okay well how do you move the Seaport
that's my question
whoo-whoo switchable exhaust thank you
no boom push stop
now just to point out this car is very
very noisy
I am only I am only going to go up to
about thirty miles an hour because I
told her that duvardo when it gets to 30
miles an hour by for both of em on there
has to be a little bit tighter so what
do you think you are Oh what do you
think of the f-type Jaguar ah you like
it yeah so we test drive some more
sports cars ah yeah you test drive all
the sports cars let's try and test drive
every single car in the world imagine
doing that imagine driving every car in
the world that's like a challenge I've
driven a lot of cars
a lot of different cars what I have to
say I've not driven every car in the
world that's a cool thing to do am i
cheating that I don't think anyone has
ever done that
Johnson's driving right now ah diong
company bring capital murder revolver
which is a nice countryside town but you
saw it the very side of the countries
but I don't know it's pretty bling-bling
oh hey yo see plenty of room right white
chocolate oh yeah come on
take off your mind senses have a little
moment would alkie here oh we've been
through so much together Alfie you're
died saying goodbye to be out for today
stain goodbye wait that's not my name
welcome to our new car what engine in
Hanuman oh yes tweet it at a picture oh
I picked up a car seat
think about the Land Rover guys is that
I did I wasn't we pushed in the beige
leather interior and the idea of having
an SUV I was so like how do you want to
have an SUV you know I don't really want
I want a sports car and I was like how
how you combine a sports car with an SUV
it Emma had to plate a bright idea of
the German hello Porsche pan so she's
done really well we've had a few pit
stops with change her fed her but she
has been simply really good she's
looking easygoing baby really I had to
explosion yep
yeah you know it's always negative
Maiden good news is we have fish cakes
for lunch huh fish cakes bad news
it's just you and me pal mom has
abandoned us I love starting the car
feel like I'm wanted back in Maserati
like like this this is a Ferrari
Testarossa engineering
I know I'm talking about I just got the
car back I just put it to show you just
what I got done right the air-intake
been here left this and glastonair ball
is so awesome looking in it and just
sound different and you can actually
feel that our daily football we show our
friends a little tumble look what is
here so when I told you that I'm gonna
buy a new car so actually when did it
today one that was hit the whole family
is actually against figure this is that
nice and spacious okay this is actually
the Carter I bought you may have
remembered it from while ago a similar
car look at this thing huh ah isn't this
gorgeous in this gorgeous a mediator are
going to have the time of their lives in
there huh good morning hey morning
weirdo let's look at this thing this is
my dream car this is what I'd really
like if I can convince on and I'll tell
the Cayenne white I think Oh
yes what's the whole point
like Cesaro oh no like every Cyclery in
sight
what do you think it'll look like okay
so Sarah
hahahaha this is a grand sport Ellie and
it's like elimination grand sport in his
like the most amazing beautiful car I've
ever owned in my life like seriously I
love this thing so much and it wasn't
like I take the box was beautiful it was
great car and all I just didn't see my
life I have two children and I'm the
kind of guy like I like doing things
with my kids I like being able to bring
them with me and do so so I wanted
something that had more room bring your
kids and then I found a car that was
like looking around him like all right
ready hold on folks
because daddy see that we have enjoyed
our time together but it is time to move
on and it's not you it's me it's me it's
not you you are amazing and beautiful
take work that's been done let's take an
erection but every straightforward it's
so good
all right so while the children were
asleep a few minutes ago daddy's new car
just arrived we open it up oh nice
healthy possible watch but locals in the
back guys there's something in the back
you know what it is we go try and find
out what it is I think it's a present
for a minion Eduardo
okay guys stay with you anything I think
that was a crazy
we getting oh my god let's look at that
oh just something in here look at it
moving with the shadows
good nice no crazy she here to talk
about her she do she's looking at me we
can hear me
no waiting no son of a gun to go
something for her hmm she poked back or
she did yeah we were all ones inside one
of those tummies is that magic think of
it we all started in there like this
isn't it like the Vice thing like that
you start in there and yet then you can
have thoughts that we have now like you
can have consciousness and imagination
and now weird and you can understand the
idea of self creation like I don't like
this like you invented babies well come
out wherever you are oh we're gonna
stretch another baby right now that you
just I would say when I was getting a
waxing on yesterday am i jus like it was
like why and then it was like mmm you've
got one more that you've got another
relaxing to do like oh my god that's
right right at a time but you know d-did
the midwives in the OB identify shame it
would be nice and tidying team this is
tiny
maybe we'll get some nice shots down
there you know and we get a drone to
hover over you perfect all right hold on
guys what's it like drones like operate
and then lowering down the Oh be sure to
fold the tape Jaeger like I get the shot
I bet somebody has done that now tell me
bow ties
we're gonna go swimming immediate has
just told me that I'm the best mommy in
the world but I don't I'm not good at
putting on something hats
that's her kind way of telling her so I
am I'm a good mom but I'm bad at putting
on top okay because she was like I
wanted to do at her teacher we've also
got our lip gloss on for swimming we've
just been doing our makeup here in the
car Mina's been doing her makeup mommy's
teaching hers right now let's go and get
our sewing costumes on right I am home
friend I was doing so much and I
realized that this road trip that we're
doing it's going to be like 1,200 miles
and I will walk 1,200 miles and I will
why was 1,200 miles that's a long way if
it's very anyway I'm excited but I
realized how many did however fit
everybody in here for 1,200 months I
always pick the best family cars guys
only I'm telling you you guys need any
family car advice you come talk to me
No
