the first thing in the morning she had
this like cheeky look on her face but I
didn't think anything of it because like
what mischief could she have got up to
it was like it's the 6th of February
friends the best February of your round
life pro-putin
so we are dressed or they're dressed I'm
not dressed yet and we are having our
breakfast because it's the last week of
your Eduardo this is the last week of
school before the midterm break and you
know what's happening in the return rate
we're going on the greatest attention
it's like em oh and you guys watch
Battlestar Galactica you know in the
last season it was all about the final
five what is it that we're going to be
your final five weeks ago in the Final
Four
don't don't you don't use anyway we're
going in the final four the final four
tracking the road trip ends all road
trips well in my actually end on road
trips because I've never got a road trip
a to toddlers car there's no wait we
know Jesus this is going to be fun
this is gonna be a fun time I don't
think it's a little bit worries in the
toddler anymore I'm not sure what age
you start becoming a toddler we stop
licking windows 'listen windows
monkey good morning Amelia taunting us
you did make a lot more of the bang all
right dear seat
good morning out of scary states of
brioche are we ready for school run
school not the full lunch pack the
Boomers all right now
Eduardo we cannot find it Juarez little
shark loves fighting after the party
yesterday wardo pump back up back up
he's gotta sleep oh my goodness it
almost crappers in this car car jump in
pop-up you can see all the dairy water
there there there there I see them I see
them and that has had a case of the
missing gloves were solved Gucci and
intermixing shark loves he's like his -
safety blanket I'm gonna lose them hello
everybody
oh my goodness guys warning is 700 times
colder today and I watched yesterday
also small tips of future bloggers fly
white lights in our new house there's
going to be no orange bowls guys can't
stand orange bows alright hats scarves
for everybody it's freezing this morning
guys it's freezing this morning
yes well without deserve a remake
come on baby shark
yo baby chakra Judah did to do baby
shark is it give me a hand
summer give this baby turkey friends I
have some exciting news
well it's more exciting for me than it
is for you but you guys know that this
year I really really want to make a
short film and I said at the start of
the year and then I kind of like what's
hard about it and how this is even
possible to do it but then I kept
soldiering on and then we wrote a script
and then we met AB some storyboard
people and then we met a previous artist
previous if you've no idea I'm talking
about is pre-visualization of the movie
so before we shoot the live-action of
our short film we're going to pre
visualize it in 3d so watch this in a
world gone mad one man one for survival
it is car
did not really what the valve is just
them whereas when I'm so dramatic even
and my trailer hold for you
so that's a small segment from the film
in 3d previous rotation I don't give too
much away obviously of the movie because
that we invest enjoy it but as we
progress it it's not it's going to be in
a little while but when we're actually
shooting it then you guys are putting
actors and actresses there's going to be
there's going to be three main roles
it's going to be about five featured
roles and then it's going to be about
fifty background sort of extra roles
it's all going to be paid work if you're
interested at some point you can let me
know and we will be holding a casting
session but um it's really exciting the
hard part of course after writing the
story is actually putting together all
the orders it changes somewhere
hopefully I can show you this but this
is the actual script but it is cool it
is cool so we've actually have this
thing actually written which is cool so
uh progress has been made
okay I'm you fork over here for like
that's like alright um so yeah I just
finished my workout with me see
and it's like afterwards that it hits me
that I'm so tired it's not usually when
I'm working out when I work out I
actually feel not pregnant and I feel
really good about myself
it's just afterwards I'm just like rekt
anyway so I just want to show you
something really funny because before I
did my workout I came up here to grab I
was grabbing stuff for the baby I was
trying to like pack the hospital bag for
the changing bag I mean and I just like
all the kids rooms are all up on the
third floor so I was just happened to be
here so I came in to open a mini has
curtains like how to do a double-take so
every night before bed I get a media's
on Eduardo's uniform while her uniform
ready and then his outfit ready and her
outfit for after school ready and so I
lay everything out and I usually lay out
her outfit on the floor cuz she doesn't
wear until the afternoon when she comes
back from school and she changes and I
had laid out this outfit last night and
she watched me do it like she watches me
do it every single night and when I got
up here I'm it feels like hell she put
back her outfit that I picked for her
and she took out a different outfit and
laid it out exactly the same so thinking
that I wouldn't notice or something I
don't know what every thinking was but
look this is what she picked for herself
she changed everything down to the socks
she even changed the socks okay my knee
just cracked sorry that's what I can't
get over like so she wants to wear this
top with these jeans and these socks
she left the vest the same but literally
everything that I had picked was out
looking exactly the same can you believe
that this is how you know that you have
girls a girl but you know that means
like girls are so
I feel like they're so headstrong that
way like Edward it would never do
something like this
I did think when she came down this
morning like first of all like the first
thing in the morning she had this like
cheeky look on her face but I didn't
think anything of it because like what
mischief could she have got up to it was
like oh my god she just threw it in her
tenant this is the outfit that I picked
what a little brat and the outfit I
picked was not even bad like I don't
understand why shouldn't want to wear it
it was not bad like what it's hardly any
different cause girls who just we know
what we want
she clearly wants to dress herself now
so that's another thing I found a GoPro
and then I lost the GoPro so it's called
the gun pronoun anyway I don't know
where to gone pro is John hey Joel I
lied I've been thinking about recently
Girl Guides I was in the Cubs when I was
a kid and then I progressed to the scout
and then eventually as a teenager I
moved on to these adventures
that's what they call an island love
this thing here I really loved it like
I'm so cool like and it was a great like
so hanging over the kids and going on
like cool stuff I was like I can't
remember how old I was but I was pretty
young
oh no we're leaving the camera oh hi
still here but I was pretty young when I
joined them so I I know I know we talked
but I think it would be really fun to do
it I think Amelia would love it you know
and maybe and duardo is probably too
young I think the media would love it we
can look it up and check out an easy
common if you're a girl guide and you're
a bad poor
oh I thought I was recording and I
wasn't I'm hitting it get my waxing done
which is the nicest thing to be done and
once it approaches judez as well I'm
like okay I need to keep on top of it
you know because I want to be close you
can't really wax after words because
it's not very it's quite painful and so
I want to keep it like people on top of
things before before the big ordeal does
that make sense it's not a very nice
thing to talk about but it's something
that needs to be done so I brought a
little snack with me because I'm I am
about to fall asleep right now like I
shouldn't be saying that as I'm going
out in a car I'm not that bad but you
know like I'm just really really tired
and drained I try to do as much work as
much editing as possible because I won't
have that much time once I come home
because it's already quite late but yeah
I need to do it this one of those things
that you just need to get done so
thankfully parking I just need my lights
on by the way this is automatic but
thankfully the car park is quite and see
but I still managed to form an office
deal like like before the front of Mike
Marx meaning and then rolled over the
curb on the way over how I don't know
remember one everyone getting all their
keys and stuff done
well Oh Co kind of had a little bit of
redness afterwards and the vet just
wanted to kind of give him the old
double triple the old double triple you
know I'm not putting my lip because had
I taken the lead out everybody else oh
my goodness I haven't even got keys on
me guys has a problem keyless entry cars
you forget your keys
anyway I'm not I didn't want to bring a
leader me because then everyone else
would get upset when I when they see
Theo's leave okay co-op or Theo is all
nervous it whenever one of the dogs
comes what I did it out they know this
isn't right and recently there's been a
lot of that activity you're probably
freaking out a little bit don't worry be
it or don't worry be it or blue
you ready feel this isn't bad isn't
about that journey okay I promise just
got finished with my waxing I had to sit
down to put my shoes on cause Bob here
but my eyebrows I love him I wrestled
out like stray after she's so good and I
needed to use like a lower temperature
wax because my skin is more sensitive
now because it's pregnancy there's so
much like body is just amazing but yeah
and I thought just like buddy you have
two cathing just in this leg so when I
stood up I like could barely stand up
you swear I'm like a cripple become a
cripple
plus I came to the waxing appointment
with sting which are from when I cook
dinner earlier I got oil stains all over
my top didn't even care exchange
I think they I definitely I would have
change but now just don't care anymore
gonna go home now it's like five o'clock
so I don't have much time to edit and do
all the rest of the stuff that I need to
do before dinnertime and bedtime in
Lonavala I'll try with my thing today
oh my god guys you know how people say
that baby brain or how I do think baby
brain is a real thing so I got a parking
ticket I forgot to pay for my parking
like who does that I never forget to pay
for parking like ever and it's so easy
to do I've got an app on my phone to do
it but I just come get confusing my mind
like I don't know just Park was relaxing
we love it because I became I was like
oh what's that
yeah I used to pay for the parking what
an idiot
and I was literally here for like an
hour so yeah
amelia is practicing being a good mommy
are you feeding the baby
yeah she a good baby you're gonna put it
to bed then do the knife feet okay you
can hit a okay for Tyler
afterwards be able to change her nappies
yeah that's great you can basically
raise the third child that will be your
job Oh Peter a whole piece of bread
you buy fancy
No
