hello friends today's video we decided
we're going to do something a little bit
different
you guys know Amelia say hi hey what so
as you guys are joining us right now in
this journey of having another baby I
totally kind of fun to look back on the
journey of Amelia when we found out we
were pregnant with Amelia when we
announced it when we found out what she
looks like we did a gender reveal we did
everything you read in the hospital we
got strollers we had puppies everything
that we did during the story of Amelia
so sit back enjoy yourself have some
snacks and enjoy the story of Amelia
Thomasina say hi hi they roll the tape
hi they roll the tape hi roll the tape
hey guys I feel good stupid now because
I just made my feel yes tonight think he
means me New Year and then Here I am
back in 2011 that making a video final
resolution for 2012 is to hopefully in
response how maybe nobody's freaked out
okay but this is just a mazy situation
okay what what's that I'm like 50%
scared and 50% excited yeah well I like
rocking it I might just do it tomorrow
morning what a second one yeah yeah goal
a hot one yeah we could do this one for
fun down come on just for fun whatever
it says services yes though let's think
about this for a minute you just know
what song would you do what's the blue
part for okay Lena yeah yep yep line and
line not pregnant is line where circle
are valid results is either high oh my
god wait no what are you doing oh my god
is so scary it's not me do it perfectly
mmm between even into heaven oh my god
that's the one that's the one if our
children is watching this and it's a
21st birthday oh good luck see you in
three minutes
honey about a week it stops when she's
coming up to the wedding we were talking
about it like you know it'd be cool to
have like a kid himself and then we got
married and was I want a way home not
know you're married right
why not what out seek Sunnydale 403 BC
deep on they're just local so I said
which might as well include right the
videos of this is unlike when I wait oh
but he made a half Wow Wow marriage is
so amazing thank you so wonderful is
never less boring right you see does you
remain on that Oh
is the girl or boy I think it's green
slime Oh daddy looks more green slime
come here is that well it's definitely
not that color you can get boy but then
it is kind of look it is kind of yellowy
green is a PR breath I'm not touching
that but it is look yellowy green the
orange again it's gone it's just me
look it's later on that size that is on
your family
oh my god I'm I think that's why I
giving you a half and happy what to say
Jane right that's no way to say that I
feel like is that why it's like going
happy happy call the helpline knock hi
um I just did the thing in this green
and yellow what does that mean
so today is our hometown
our first look at that is like the most
times ever
lastly without conservation was the
brightest yet and then I hope when I see
doctors beautiful other practice tests
that yes I respect you reload yeah not
just a year ago my girl
actually yes are you saying yeah we're
excited like you guys for you because
obviously you'd be waiting with everyone
else getting repair guns like he's
getting there no I knew here Thank You
drivers leopard ivory guard all the
other husband
flatbread my first you will be what were
you hoping for
I've never been to this life or why
would I be intimate areas intention
similarities you can be ruined one of
those names hopefully it's a good one
win a good deal although you won't
really be looking at the window much I
think really done like another chameleon
form so we're all finished and want to
see the picture actually oh yeah
document clear and stuff what I deliver
okay so are you guys are you ready for
this meet Hank Olga oh my god that's the
first time on the blog's yeah I know
what are but you know what you can see
the note I said in the high is like a
little nose and thighs and so what is
afoot so I mean Begum her well actually
you see it you saw in the video there
but he's like you turning into always we
should or anything him nope we don't
know I know I'm sorry it no but then I
taste it it's like you're like yeah but
it isn't it so it's not a quite positive
hi I'm emailed and you guys about making
an appointment and to get a chance to
gender stand up and it's just a date you
offered me were like two weeks away
do you have like a big waiting list or
daily give before me
cork yeah yeah you could do a gender
Sam's DV yes that up though
oh my god I totally just chance my on
there by calling her in a Saturday
because I know that holy crap
but trying to come right now like what
oh my god guys were theis to find out
the gender of our baby oh my god my
height position
yeah but she's like they do 40 scanners
and 10 DS games and video can we get
glasses for the treaty Oh correct speak
let us live whoa holy crap Nene oh yeah
we're doing it now oh I know just like
cats bedroom I my parent even though you
come in now oh I know it's like yeah I
didn't even knows I wasn't prepared have
bought diet coke or something yeah yeah
you don't want to go in yeah I'm
colleague father crellick you don't want
to go up to and crew
I had no idea that was that their lot in
common no true
so still alive whew yeah I know the
breaks between those Gardens are like oh
god she fell down was there morning
they made us them way back but I didn't
know and I spent the way I felt on my
book so in this case I'm carrying
laundry and I got this right my initial
thought was the babies you know
does that mean
my god I'm not like disappoint you the
other way I don't mind if I caught that
two nights ago I said make me to DV yes
we have to keep
you don't carry this to the first one
but the second we're like I like an
opposite basic and you know yes perfect
yeah yeah that's me yeah he's got
nothing cool all right
oh my goodness I cannot believe you know
it again dear bye baby
oh yeah yeah
so don't forget I'm going we're going to
tell you guys but I want to tell
everyone at the same time like Anna's
mama stiffens up so we're going to go
and buy a cake or something like that
we're going to go see something and
we'll reveal it to everybody at the same
time yes she put it in there and I
thinking look look at the blue boyacky
did she gave us yeah look she just gave
us this look could you see any boxes you
had with my first piggy bank it's lit
exude that but there is a toy in there
and that will define what it is I didn't
do that
who only like that oh-ho let's just not
tell your mom what the baby is no you
ready to participation what do you think
it is what is your best guess you don't
even hear it okay yeah that is my guess
anyway
twat B oh yes are you definitely is boy
well if I get my coffee okay do it do it
do it do it do it
there is the baby in here yeah
you're seriously
when I winners love it hey so are you
guys ready to find the wafer like Amelia
hey hi Amelia little Amelia it weren't
castle on our way to Dublin I'm so
excited to see Amelia today
let's pray loud complete sighted peers
preparing the 40 thing you can actually
see her face
no that's like so incredible that woman
like you see I mean a face connect me to
a wink apparently they're saying that
like no she sees are like moving around
and open your arms and waiting and
waiting and blowing bubbles and oh my
gosh that's crazy people though actually
achieve all of that happens today
because they did Connie right now other
funny okay so excited to see is it going
to look like more like Hanna or me
because the girl were kind of hoping
that it looks like Anna yep Oh Cooper
was a little fuzzy on yeah hi
no money no cookie well for a morning
it's like late afternoon
are you apply for clock or something and
fast asleep I just got a call from the
store that we bought all the or a big
beauty and they said as the stroller
arrived in this morning
well it's there now they're like to me
to the Liberty I was like nah nah I also
might collected looking for it I think
what I'm going to do is I'm going to fit
the ice fix into the car straight away
and then you know clipping this ABC and
just like have a baby sitting in the car
just feels like Drive now the baby in
the car general organize the house of
trade or you know getting used to and
this fixture that's going to be share
forever now but like you know the only
kind of panel if you're having more than
one child so you know over the next few
years all these people's on a house
children stuff so you have to kind of
adjust your life to you know for next
like 30 years is just tell them to take
one so excited cuz families this is for
seaon delivery labor and delivery yeah
and this is a guarantee and then much
and baby laughing okay and then look a
baby grow and a vacuum may be so cool
just idle in the wards they're all pink
guys Emilia is kicking like crazy I want
to see like 90 see some of it oh my god
oh my Venice is like here isn't it like
si si
oh that's a revelant our formulas I'm
not quite really well for media is
boring because you'll be a you're taking
you stay in the hospital for the first
month isn't it
we're just going to get the pregnancy
table the changing table what perfect
timing a today we're heading to the
hospital which rating the hospital oh my
goodness super time it is it's one
o'clock which means we're probably going
to leave here about in about two and a
half hours
okay I just want to say goodbye Khedira
mommy
your hair daughter and then you become a
mom I do not I don't know before I got
pregnant I had so many like
misconceptions that pregnancy and birth
flavor kind of stuff and I just I always
when I was I think your whole family was
there in the room around the room like I
just always thought that I never knew
this there is so many things that I do
you imagine your two brothers and their
two sisters in the room like I thought
my dad I mean it's my dad were like I
thought you'd be there it's so weird
it's like and then that's not that's not
any one thing there's so many things
that I just I didn't know before going
into this and now I know like oh my god
so that's what that is or not what
that's like
we'll see of our off position appreciate
yes you may not so incredi polka dot
ingenue to her straight away pedicure
manicure I will do a light foundation a
quick a day locate bacon yeah yes your
last meal I don't know they will have a
snack follow me
oh yeah well depends when you hover yeah
okay black something Nicola you gonna
yeah yeah I know you I can't allow me
next time you see your mummy
you'll be a mommy maybe maybe maybe
here's everything I got my laptop
here is all I need cigarette means
prison and then all this stuff can't
believe this is actually like you know
we're by our stuff and preparing for
ages for all this and we're leaving in
like ten minutes
it's like it's actually countenance it's
like what I just talked for every we're
just going to keep buying stuff and
never actually have a baby love a baby I
know you'll never like it will just be
completely different looks like the
looks like the news the beds have been
claimed yeah
kousonsan radio exciting and very very
uninviting reckon actually putting the
monitoring of the baby report
go guys finally I got some Tyra she's
like in here like purity behind leaving
I feel like I'm such a bad husband or
something but you got our educators
injection an asteroid is headed in ten
minutes and should be fast asleep and
I'm going to a stick my other half five
because she said our consultant should
be round fix but I want to make sure
because I see go break in the waters in
the morning so I do not want to be late
for that because please don't give me
two seconds now please with a cut-off
point ah I was in there for eight and a
half hours
good morning it's it's slightly every no
clock right go on to have a baby today
just what the world looks like in the
state you were born Amelia
what's it I can teach a complete garage
here my dress
yeah that's what you said you're kind of
falling asleep in a few minutes it's
good though trying to keep to it because
I get that time is a phase half 12 so
he's like in five hours of four hours
I'm eating over here if we pick Farmiga
I know I picked it because of these and
everyone is oh there's the baby
we gave it in blue how many didn't have
anything okay oh my god
million really otama Seamaster call me
Julie welcome to the world okay
Oh going hold me Melia he loves iconic
holy just coming home by terrified like
excited I'm like can I hire a armed
escort couple of helicopters you armed
escort I never brought home a baby in a
car before I've been like I'll be like
driving like one mile an hour give it
out to everyone don't be too lovin our
the only most struck sign in my way that
we all like to get on my way right
I should probably take the tags off it
for the little thing go I'm going home
today
yay and I know it's when you look mess I
haven't taken up a makeup from last
night or anything I don't I don't take
off makeup anymore notice all we did the
most anomalous labor and delivery ever
you look amazing no we didn't ever
enjoyed ridiculous you look like you're
at Photoshop I don't want to look nor
those fake preggers little paper you
know like that's not true although I did
expect to get sweaty er because I had my
hair again I had like my hair tie here
yep
that was what it was for and it was pink
to match my jammy and everything all
that was just destroyed this is the
nightie that came with it and amelia was
wearing her matching one um but I had to
take it off because she won't feed
she just goes to sleep when she's to
warm and be comfortable so I have to
like strip her down to get her to feed
to make her a little bit uncomfortable
is like baby boom boom boom boom boom hi
everyone I've been bad from future it's
like a makeshift chair please wait no
mommy
mommy's in the shower for a Piniella
oh oh no oh no my name is Amelia I was
born
whoa
do you have him she looks so adorable
everything is way too big for her so
we're with us overnight next couple of
weeks a little can just sort of grow
into any of the newborn stuff so well
yeah we leave the hospital the biggest
adventure of your life and about to
begin
and our lives do there's no go max once
you bring them out apparently is that
they're non-refundable even if you have
mercy
there's no there's no return policy be
going the weeks young you ready for your
function well what do you reckon huh
you recognize the world what do you
think you like it do you like this world
or should we move on to the next one
dad has Dinah's practices a lot dad's
gonna see if you can never have to do
this okay wish dad look Oh
can you guys hear in the mirror I'm not
quite sure are you ready yeah here we go
oh it's so cute
when you think Alvie this is my first
night with a media I've never spent a
night where oh I'm so excited I am kind
of excited I'm kind of scared okay
let's feed you baby thank you little
baby say night-night subscribers well
what did you think of that that's the
story of Amelia Thomasina oh my god boom
we've got you now mom we did so next
next time maybe next weekend we're going
to do a special it's the story of
eduardo again but now we will go to a
partay behind your back okay okay anyway
tomorrow's video will be the vlog of the
weekend because we put this up and said
with yesterday but we didn't be so blunt
in it because this morning I felt
compelled to make this video
what were you pushing me over push me
over anyway yeah so I leave likes and
comments if you enjoyed this story of
Amelia and we'll see you guys tomorrow
my friends say goodbye hi oh
you
you
