to do baby instructed to do baby sharks
now don't fight anyone in school today
okay
good morning and welcome to the third
best day of the second month of your
life
Amelia has found all of the baby's
clothes and toys oi are you opening
things you try to put a turn it mean
they wanted to try the dummies this
morning what were you going to bring
into the hospital what was the plan for
zero toys excuse me excuse me
whoa whoa no no no no no no yeah give me
Turner
let me they take that off him take that
office no guys what if we got oh look
hello hat on her her little blankety
things always gorgeous oh my why your
hat okay let's put everything back in no
does she come with a bottle or she
doesn't come with anything we have to
get her everything she's got some
special offer why would they come to the
free bottles okay come on guys let's go
have some breakfast because your vocal
school this morning so come on
well odd you remember Anna look the line
yeah you realize take one why no it's
not a real lion wardo
what I'm very bored mister I know I
don't know Nandu back if you only get
his clothes and hold on tight hold on
tight come on let's go
excuse me give me that
let's go if you don't come downstairs
now you're getting parch all right you
read it my water will be the winners
somewhere right a little bit of winner
No
see how are we started ripping oh no
come on baby
truck truck truck so to do baby shark to
do to do to do baby shark you to do to
baby shark baby shark initiative baby
shark they treated it to do now don't
fight anyone in school today okay don't
eat all the boys and girls that's the
rules okay
what's the shark rules baby shark
dictated it to to be be jerks a little
bit of that bigger little try plan we
can baby show all right we just dropped
a media off and look at this little
shark ate every new media crap did you
read have everybody in a musical did you
eat all the teachers she was so
confident is that shark obviously is
houses confidence yeah honestly like are
you going to eat everybody in your class
at school somebody left a comment on my
and it was on my water ate when I was
like oh dude it should be dragged
through a bush and if somebody that's a
comment on my 108 Wednesday and they
were like I love Howard Bordeaux said
school oh yeah cool
cool I go to Google
yesterday's video was like ooh ice cream
on oh yeah I don't know it's goop it's
actually was the cold convert first
author named Nadia it's quick it's like
a wax key yeah yeah white stuff yeah the
bro now remember don't eat anyone in
school okay all right you promise me no
you would eat everybody in school oh no
sighs I am very very in quarters made
and share with you well I was going to
call this for the biggest announcement
I've made in a long time
you guys know we like coming to bills
bills have recently changed from bonbons
to dolly mixture this is a big deal a
very big deal hello
while I didn't turn it around between
set your health system so we have
actually we've been trying to branch out
with our breakfast is with drugs and
carnie chosen cardiac utility knife is
the Pomodoro or panettone and this of
the come back to Bill's this morning
whatever Eduardo I feel that my contrary
I think like this is like usual but
being English name for them and look
it's like salmon po che unlike muffin
and I get it
I've also noted since I've started
dislike and it's like high protein to
defy it like I'm still eating like lots
of calories and probably carpenter so
for this protein is in a once I use a
lot of a I need a lot of chicken so like
a meeting the mom and the baby
what's more the kind of strike I need
you so many chicken and so when the eggs
look so I favorite the chicken I'll be
mortality like so Mugabe yeah hey crazy
oh and I got this screen really thing I
know it with the old copy fidelity come
to save my copy to be at home and part
yeah
I asked is on Twitter the other day
right I'm just going on in the comments
below what would you prepare one e-mail
apples Oracle's and delicious apples
what's your preference
oh think ladies okay so pink ladies
those are delicious or Granny Smith for
Cox and no idea that it never has them
smoked meat apples anyway goals and
delicious is for me that's what I'm
interested in
what would you already think ladies so
we came here for there's anything else
you need you think no just these please
but oh yeah that's new no way you get
chakra flow
it's a day of new discoveries
oh my belly is so itchy and I feel like
I'm getting stretched like more stretch
marks here in this area this is always
where I get them like oh you just want
to like rip your skin off anyway and I
just fell in the hospital bag video
which is like probably one of the most
highly requested videos on my channel
right now and for every pregnancy it's
always been the same so this is the
hospital bike and it's so heavy but you
know what the difference between packing
hospitalized for the UK versus Ireland
is just huge like apparently it's the
same for both public and private
hospitals over here you just don't need
to pack as much I remember when I did my
first video with Amelia's Hospital bag
or like my also demographer delivering
or giving her a few media and that bag
was a suitcase like I had a suitcase and
then I had a bag for her and I think it
was the same for a wider like I had a
mini suitcase and a bag for him I'm like
honestly everyone kept saying to me in
the comments and stuff like you're an
idiot you've over packed but then I
ended up even running out of stuff when
I was there like I genuinely needed all
that stuff and it was all given to me
like in guidelines for my hospital all
the time it was I remember it like so
clear it was like seven baby grows like
five vests like 20 nappies I just
remember it so clearly whereas this list
there's like nothing for the baby it's
all just for you so they must give you
everything here which it actually is
really really good what I think about it
like how good is that that they provide
you with everything and I'm sure that's
most cases and in like most countries I
mean I don't know why Ireland do it
different they probably would provide
you as stuff you like genuinely forgot
but it definitely came as like the
guidelines from my hospital were like
really strict on never had to bring hats
and scratch mittens and remember my mom
was like this can't be right hush
elissa like no it is look at it so this
time round I just got this bike which is
a kind of like a travel it's like a
weekend kind of bag and then for baby
I'm just bringing changing vibe but
honestly it's going to be like virtually
empty there's not going to be that much
in there well a probably over pack but
compared to the last two this is really
not that much so well here you little
sneak preview of what's inside and I'm
kind of like beginning to get excited
now for what's to come
hold on a second I'm going to start
getting excited now this is quite
exciting like I kind of can't believe
that there's a hope to just get that
there's a baby coming having said that I
actually just want to say that we pretty
much know exactly when we're going to
have this baby and we've done a pretty
good job at in fact I would say we've
done a really good job Jonathan that
goes for you too
of keeping it a secret a lot of people
think they know when our baby is going
to be born but we've done a pretty good
job of like throwing a few red herrings
out there and just like being very
secretive about it and so even though
you might think you know you probably
don't um it's just like for privacy
reasons and also security reasons and
also we just wanted to keep a bit
private this time so we pretty much know
the date that we are going to go and
have our baby it's scheduled it's kind
of I mean obviously anything can happen
between now and then but and a lot of
people have speculated different dates
and different times of the year and
different times of different months and
I don't think anybody has got it right
yet because I haven't been particularly
honest with dates
and all kinds of stuff like for good
reason like it's been done on purpose I
mean I could be eating my words because
she could come on an unscheduled day but
I'm pretty sure we're pretty confident
she won't so anyway yes I'm really
excited about that now and I'm going to
try and edit this video up and then get
it up on my channel so check it out if
you want to see what's inside that bag
and what I will be bringing to the spot
and also I showed you guys on my blog
the list that my hospital gave me so if
you're interested in seeing that check
that out too hello and welcome to the
evening of the best day your join
without with Eduardo I know
oh you little monkey stain little monkey
all right now will everybody wouldn't oh
oh oh monkey yeah well I say you join us
at the end of the evening he is wearing
her ballet outfit still videos at Bali
today with your fun in ballet ballet is
that oh the mera mera that looks like
Rama a little bit ya know are you taking
water Meritage did you put your hand in
renewed water where are you going with
that child why what's so funny what are
you laughing at okay what what you can't
get that is I not normal hmm you gotta
have work okay actually turns over a few
days ago immediate what have you got
planned for my birthday tell me all
about my birthday what have you got
planned so I'm gonna wake up in the
morning know what get up straight down
to that
okay I will kind what kind of present
are you getting me
have you ordered you listen to me have
you ordered the Ferrari California T now
I got Perry yet you can tell me is it is
it at four or five eight know if you
just look look a 485 you and f12 engine
control hey okay okay
like honestly I prefer to California t
but I can carry you get sad Karthik
salad Oh Joe Johnny the part I was party
to the party bud would you just tell me
tell me hey Harry taught me some
claritin I need pop you close you come
boy don't like close people look soo ah
hey come on I need to get the wah oh
right guys let's go Showtime should I
bow mama bom bom bom bom bom bom
