a few Eduardo nothing you were born have
you got cream on you got group
hello friends and welcome to the first
day of the second month of the best year
of your life
Amelia is on her way to school and so
with the duardo and directing the pool
come on
this is why I hate running the headaches
amazing not to pot honey it's just like
sleeping where you put on you look like
a tennis player when you go to bed see
you awake oh it's okay now wait close
enough where you wake up with curly hair
come on
we'll put your gloves on mister we'll
put your gloves on it's a cold wet start
to February February spring isn't it
come on spring into the car there I will
uh put your gloves on a stint you get
into the car
give me them here all right puppet come
in 312 led by Kyle now I wonder is my
car filled with monkeys again I think
you know where one monkey Dan what do
you know
oh there's the square on it did you
remember that
no or something yeah the weekend to stop
an argument special employee put there
are members they ask you're headed right
okay
remember hi-ho hi-ho it's off to school
we go
the daughters looking back at mommy but
mommy is not look at the focus of this
thing this g7x man is getting really old
won't even put me in focus anymore
Eduardo he waved back at mommy mommy has
to stay in the car
what he likes his routine oh my goodness
guys what I can under okay I've been
invited to go to LA to fly to LA and in
like shortly and to go to this sort of
big conference thing and about the topic
that I'm very very passionate about and
the reason they invited me was because
they know that I'm really passionate and
it's something that I think is going to
changing the industry that I work in and
I feel like I want to be there as the
rules are made I want to be there at the
forefront of it because I see a lot of
problems with this thing in the industry
that I work in and I've been all sketchy
because I just I don't want I don't have
the bait a conversation about it but I
really want to be involved in this but
it's um it's in LA in a few weeks but in
another few weeks I'm having a baby or
the conundrum like is it safe for me to
fly it like what I would do is I think I
would just fly out because it's only me
on my own I haven't got the kids with me
so I was thinking I could just fly out
you know go to the event maybe spend the
next day or if my head might explode and
then fly back again which is perfectly
fine but if anything happens and I'm in
LA and then somehow crazy P goes into
labor or she has a baby or something I
like but it's not this week or next week
or the week after it's like way closer
it's in the month for my having the baby
probably she right they or should I
don't know if I go there will be trouble
but if I stay in and we'll see - poop -
none jumba's let me know what do you
guys think also talking about flying to
LA for that conference thing I so tricky
isn't it why
double school and run with it
just like my brain I know it's like
we're breaking up guys we're breaking up
big announcement we're breaking up and
we're collecting the kids ha ha
all right dear annoy I did all the way
around here you're going to get it first
it's going to press the button bursts
are he give you doing it go ha ha
sighs I cannot remember where I put the
GoPro now you have a GoPro right here
right there
I cannot remember fertilize me where it
is being seen a GoPro please end on my
way please
it's a little gray blocks look how about
this one I can't know where to put it
nope
we won boys are the best and the girls
are the worst and the boys are investing
the girls are the worse than the boys
are less than the boys earned a best an
embodied oh the boys earn about Google
done worse move it because we're ready
the boys are an event the boys I have a
fee after me the boys are the best the
girls are the worst singer Sam ah hell I
just add the rest what no water you're
singing the fun wrong daddy is the best
mommy is the rest as the winners ready
to walking left look at them look at
them nowhere to be seen
we all the champions my friends okay
fine
Jillian boom boom boom boom so yesterday
when I showed the kids the 4d thing of
that of the baby attitude room I got a
freaking ass up and then immediate was
asking me about the birthday so I
decided today guys let's watch Bert
videos yeah who do you want whose birth
you want to watch you wanna watch Amelia
spurt or Eduardo's birds
oh my god laughs yeah well who likes
first okay anything all right why don't
this is your birthday this is the day
you were born in wardo why you're right
if you slide
today my daughter is born so younger to
me what about your hi-yah
you did so many ways the way it was
Leila I just think a deal he called a
wok cooking time was on your mommy
coming you are working there I like
looking good I cannot I have you know
the business and I think that will be in
about a minute you get about the net
weight light weight leakage in with this
bad boy kids are you going on it's all
because I'm sorry
you were born hold them down there are
different checks Melvin certain methods
required as you and me I don't I used to
call you junior winder when you're a
baby you are pine Koga yeah
because you would called you our little
pancake is it it eduardo a little sooner
hydra gelato and beautiful exactly so
this is the first time amelia met
Eduardo this is when you met your
brother for the first time in media oh
yeah you ready
you want to look it's the first time you
met Emilia you met Eduardo and there was
water is gonna make a new baby
yeah you will grow no yeah I'll take
both of you to meet the new baby you can
come together
oh that was a very old intro guys
alright that's the morning that amelia
was born in wardo you know it's really
early in the morning you woke me up and
said mommy I want to come out today
actually in there I know you today you
are in or don't what is that and where
did you get it from are you taking apart
my desk
here's Amelia
here comes Amelia there's Amelia guys
Nina's been born look at were delicious
sister you can watch your sister be
important you don't want to oh look how
cute she was lardo that's me and Amelia
pink well there was a problem in the
hospital yeah and you ended up with a
blue tail sorry about that
now that we've seen the videos are we
ready to go see your sister are you
going to go and let those girls and boys
are you excited to meet your sister
underneath I do not gonna take any law
you're not going to Pinscher yeah make
sure you haven't pinched her yet have
you yeah well I think my brother's okay
Pradhan early to tell now they got what
yeah your only your only little you
didn't understand but now you're a big
girl now you know now you notice it are
you gonna tell all your friends in
school or no what are you doing Joe when
I did my class oh is it not I'm not a
hundred percent sure it will be okay
but are you more excited now this is the
last morning are you running castile has
a nasty cold right time to make
vegetable okay
I got spinach ever let me ask him oh
yeah yeah how does not have his mommy
feed her Thank You hello chespin
oh and she's a baby she doesn't eat was
soon bitchy yeah
what does she do hi she's her hands yeah
no she gets mommy's milk thinking about
college yeah well what'd you think that
Mommy just come with the baby me exactly
right out what did you guys know huh oh
you don't even know is
I cannot wait to watch these little
monkeys go in and meet when I crazy
Gate knife duct to date knife I'm very
excited tonight guys because we are
going to stay glad no no don't bring
your heartburn with you why it's well I
guess I've got a little fire surfer in
there and you're a bonus erase one old
bottle dairy oh my god it is so good
let's go get us out of the steak
this is all I got meat and veg making
veg this is what I come here for though
that's a cast I just wanted a big lump
of meat
I'm hoping he does that come with them
I'm sweet potato fries another order
sort of slides
i didn'ti bitter bread though the days
are better right I was naughty now I
wait like sweet potato yes yes Ibiza
yeah yeah okay all right thanks a lot
laughs whispers okay or I know I'm
pickle good oh I'll enjoy anything
overall a feast has and we adore the
food lucky little piggies didn't Oh
