we might actually be able to see her
face let me cool
I know 40 is kind of scary but I mean so
cool before our face in it okay
please mold for a face
hello and welcome to the 31st that day
of the best year of the first month of
your life I'm joined by Eduardo
we are pondering out the window this
morning as we are about to embark on an
adventure with women in which you're not
coming on the adventure because you're
too busy you've so many things to do one
oh come on the adventure okay we'll see
today is the last day of the second last
month before we have three children back
yo
I'll go clap what like you wanna go guys
you be a good boy buy this one necklace
Wow cuz we gotta go on the train on a
train journey hey Jenny contain Guney
there's a couple of things in this world
that will never waste to you one of them
is a cinema good night the cinema
doesn't matter keeps going you don't
want to train trains do not wait for you
and when you're Irish
okay we have this terrible well in this
terrible but our bus system is not
really like it's kind of like a sure it
might arrive at this time and it might
go at this time but it was very like
wishy washy move first new to the UK we
had that same mentality and we made used
to miss all our trains now we know when
the Train says this time it'll leaves at
that time it doesn't arrive at that time
so there can be no messing the best
you'll be messing about
no messing about
this is going to be my next car the next
car I want to get look at this thing
here I think we could pick the family in
here
how cool is that California t-that's the
California P I thought we're in a row oh
sorry we are in a rush budget I wanted
to point it out these comments what do
you guys think as a little dad car for
me
California tea what do you think
who cares everybody know that's a yes
permission granted
I'm going to use this clip when I buy it
as permission granted
watch open channel as Cummins here in
California T Paul we got the engine we
kind of got a train like in a half an
hour and then being in rush but excited
to get an earlier train it was extra
time be intolerant
another thing that is a way to you I
don't do being with you well yogi must
the standing people don't leave comments
of other things that don't wake you
realize you know there's certain things
I they say they don't want people to
kind of do a to you but certain things
that don't and you would think airplanes
but one time we're in art and such at
that purple we missed the plane but what
is that oh that's a bunny bullet well
yeah when when we ran down to the plane
actually the staff we were on a TV show
the night before now and I caught
hanging in the river and he knew it and
then they actually held the plane for us
so that was that that was a pretty good
achievement in life but when we got to
say they won't probably hate it I
stepped on my Center I was like I don't
want to hear that I have to manage and
look after but I like him like kinda
hoping a quick say is because our system
a grab-and-go haircut come on let's grab
a bill ah quick snack
oh my goodness right Brook it changed
everything
it's now free pee-peeing is now free
this is red-hot Widow crazy dude ladders
electron was sitting here I like wasn't
16 weeks in steam releasing my subscribe
we need to first bake it like anatomy
scan inside the exact same see no ribbon
I'll give me 20
another mystery what the 10 weeks ok I
go so long ago and yeah it seemed so
fast and we're sitting here again yeah
baby from another I'll be convenient
actually you want to baby man yeah go
for sure I really excited to see you
again
I wondered able to do to 4d thing here
until now so wherever and see her face
just turn on our side if she kick in is
she moving so now she wants to Arrieta a
little bit we might actually be able to
see her face will not be cool
I know 40 is kind of scary but amazing
so cool these are things in it okay
please hold for a face
sunshine 5li through the window he had
broken but just look like it yeah a
little has everything
Thanks
only things change
softly and dreaming of all that angry
our unit over out when we come to this
crew pipe recipe those movies the
natural kitchen no cool like a business
no you look good take it if the deal
just arrived but it arrived in a little
book I'm so cute asleep the pillow right
in it yeah little bucket kill getting a
little bottle of champagne so we are
we've had some lunch
oh my goodness cards you know Lee
sitting beside it at lunchtime Nanny
McPhee
understand up there yeah I think though
I would talk in the movie I know it was
Harrison was I'm a Thompson in Harry
Potter I have a feeling she was honestly
she was it she the parent job and it was
a lonely when they ordered the same
thing as me to see majority economics
through and BFF Tori the regualr regualr
Tommy Tommy T emiti you guys so much
young knight like gloomy yeah babies all
good you can see how cute she was oh my
goodness a little faces everything is so
cute
I put a pretense where everyone's like
oh she looks like Eduardo I'm like -
topic and really and I know like if you
had seen her like in real life like
screen just as it came up to something I
think right now in anyone's only seen
two one Twitter the one tweet that I put
out I bet when they watch the blog let's
give this vlog goes up tomorrow
yeah because as soon as it came up on
the screen I thought yeah
my god it's beneath me I like cute when
the sheets and the lips got the pout
going on and she's like blowing kisses
and some of that grew so cool I think
never cry in both ever like before for
thousands like so first and then I will
wreck you saw her face so I like
couldn't stop as well
like Anna you cry every day no I don't
oh yeah okay it's just in front of me
when of people that I don't know and
really hate it yeah and even numbered
like ones we miss Harrison Singh oh yes
I did not see what like you
and I don't know what crying is like
I've never played my
Owen
GM had even had yeah other this guilty
potluck reprographic here we are in
Victoria Station and we're hiding in the
shop because I don't know why but
Victoria Station so cold so cold that
there were hiding in here waiting for
our train
why they came there mini eggs
there's the eggs
hi
alright guys do you want to see a video
of your sister inside mommy's coming
are you guys ready for this alright let
me just
boot up the laptop alright now this is
basically today oh look there's mommy
the machine - let me open this up so you
guys can see it okay
now is everyone watching ok yeah ah look
the face I see is a message yes I know
how there was nothing look sugar - yes
ah so cute yeah
having a ball no matter their litter -
eyes her nose her mouth yeah that's her
inside mommy semi hey Mac what yes you
are director her
oh no the stories we see where you can
see a little hand loose oh yeah yeah
that was me while I was there yeah is
that cool device look let's just her
face that on her little nose who do you
think she looks like Amelia Eduardo this
she looks like you
Eduardo I mean here's a shot like you
can maybe hear just like Grandma sick
thank you and coming here imagine 28
from yesterday you imagine for him to
think for a moment imagine she had green
eyes like Daddy could you imagine if she
had my eyes because you have the same
color eyes as mummy Eduardo has the same
color eyes as mummy
everybody has mommy's eyes could you
imagine if your sister
had the same eyes as daddy would not be
great
what'll I do what's that we'll make it
back make best below what do you guys
think
closing it Chris here for baby much the
baby just pop says hmm I saw you today
she was just kicking pushing I saw you
today
what's nothing there with actual the
shadow you can actually see little
things whatever did the eviction
noticing hello
so weird
we're gonna look up to your point of
view can even see your feet yeah what
you guys see my seat you're put on the
wrong shoes backs in and looked at me
like no late in the evening and the kid
you're asleep and we're going to drink a
matcha green tea from rebel kitchen made
with mild mild addict attendees oh Co
you in the fridge we have source from
flax Oh check these out guys as you can
tell new favorite thing these bad boy
here right so what do they call organic
fruit eoq biscuits
okay they're pretty good it's not a
letter so it's just basically fruit and
throw for that Widow thank you and I got
new stuff see poor wanna what mmm look
at this look at who have we become you
ok don't mind all the Japanese
Calliphora trying Japanese videos that I
still have yet to do and I have to lose
that it's not looks like sandwiches
looks like salmon or something no one
would hear it okay lately
now you taste good I don't wanna do
right now coated with our Allah what
unfortunately exciton witnesses only
episode 1 are silent witness ah we're
looking at some stuff here guys this
movie works you tonight it's actually
really good I definitely recommend
checking out I boy on Netflix it's
pretty cool it it's based in London yeah
I think it's lemon it's pretty cool
yard I'm just going to have some of the
biscuits and the tea maybe some chili
flakes this is my tea by the way this
one here oh you got the teabags
oh well may fain have to say good night
friends o to you tomorrow thanks for
watching the best day of your mother
pretty pink Justin last day in January
today oh he won on the last month of our
lives on planet Earth theory when I wake
up tomorrow morning my birthday month
begins over there all the things about
referee your birthday and I will be
showered with gifts every day every day
we're going to start the vlog for
February every morning what doctors vlog
would be opening a gift I'm gonna be
turkey seven years old I'm like what the
hell when did I say
in the
Oh
