look the girls climbing trees trying to
touch the moon watching boys in their
shiny heels tying ribbons to balloons Oh
keep up with changes see how the
children
when you've done your best and your
shoes are
we danced blood up day
dad
it's a girl
I hate their beans could say mobile data
yeah why didn't I think it's a brother I
do normally say dad that first because
that's the most important oh you see is
it brother
hey papa yes yeah
brother brother hey brother come on you
could hear that clear you add or say
that say brother where it'll be so happy
why don't you hear sister sis
you ready you and me let's go summer's
day we'll take a shower I'm casting
little maze to tease the problem the
only flaw in these am these coats you
know we've got the big fluffy putting
inability to see anywhere behind you or
around you or even be able to see in
general
alright guys half 11 is the key
hufflepuff installation is so funny that
last weekend was so empty and opaque to
be 20 minutes are you're doing work
today 20 minutes later that's their I
love that happens look what happened huh
putting some people watching the traffic
watching all right
I suggested we could just go to Billy's
but immediately likes welcome home and
so this is what it says ortley - we're
all on the table playing this game we
put this here unless it picks it up and
then throws it so it's a sorta - ready
I know hey didn't you say this year you
want to throw Adam a patient well this
is a trial
into patient and wait
yeah same as last time please so we got
a table and look at a lesbian little
trendy thing that they put on the tables
babies I got a nice treat little monkeys
over here
whatever I whenever I chop you up with
them now do you guys know what you want
do you guys know anyone knows of chicken
that's did you know what you want orange
is
nice nice yeah
right after my accident my buddy likes
them no no little princess
hey love when I opened the door and your
puppy little head up hello little
princess you're so cute isn't she just
so cute oh huh he's so cute though I
didn't know this little girl when I look
back into old videos of media I forget
like you know I mean this is this is
coming into my favorite time like I love
you I love you all the time and I say
okay just to clarify I love you all the
time but as a dad I'm not as involved
for the first year because there's a lot
of breastfeeding and a lot of like mom
and not mom situations but men as he
does the baby star coming away from that
stage unless he likes hanging out with
me and I get to put it down sometimes I
get to like wake up from her nap
sometimes and put her down for her nap
sometimes and it's like hey let's get to
know each other let's get to know each
other
I'm Dada da Oh babies are the best let's
have another one oh we are
I'm just here in my office mm-hmm aka
the bed okay
problem with my YS is here I forced
quitted it it it it's not your fault
you just ruined my life no don't think
keeps bugging me out of photoshop so I
can't use that I swear I get accused of
photoshopping my pictures one more time
and I will like never ever photoshopped
a picture of myself except maybe to like
change you know the lighting or whatever
but that on an Instagram picture
recently they were like you've clearly
photoshopped this cuz you've always had
fat arms so it's like have I what ever
photoshopped pictures myself no thank
you
let me fix the levels
thank you for you now I can make my
thumbnail and that's the thing that I
don't like about social media is that so
many people follow accounts that are so
far from reality and then they feel crap
about themselves and that's not what my
account is about so when somebody
accuses me of photoshopping a picture
I'm like are you for real like my
pictures are so spur of the moment raw
like I don't staged things I know so
many people that do I don't like that
like I want mine to just be real life
but obviously you're gonna take a nice
picture it's not gonna be like a gross
picture but to me aesthetically pleasing
looks a lot more real than what maybe
other people think are aesthetically
pleasing because some people they just I
think they just think that perfection is
what people want to see on Instagram and
maybe some people do but I don't like I
love accounts that just keep it real and
just are like an accurate representation
of what real life is whether it's for me
at the moment obviously it's you know
other moms are like people with children
and families and stuff like that because
that's where I'm at in my life right now
I do follow a few em Maltese again just
if I'm like a crazy person that's like
my one like other genre of what I follow
I don't follow
for the whole like perfection thing it
just doesn't doesn't float my boat you
know what I'm saying hey guys
try scary monkey - Casey
two freeways put flowers in her hair
sings a song no one seems to hear is
rising by
he is
stay
this
I hope so chief of party them was like
night and I don't every lost teeth by
I've gotta get ready for the next time
Oh
