sometimes the toddlers you feel like and
I can't purchase a bunch of monkeys
hello and welcome to the turkeys best
day of your life of your life it used to
be the best day of the best year of your
life where we sort of made alterations I
didn't make alterations first one
Denny's Khmer and Kevin bang yeah 78 to
9 NL s a Turkish day should we keep that
up for the entire year Mia was entered a
quick smack to it when it is - stop Oh
and then after Christmas we feel better
oh we start again wow that sounds like a
plan
well what about I don't like what if we
say welcome to the back first day of the
second month running and going 31
because I'm concerned in a couple of
months it would be very hard to remember
what number were on what do you think in
that plan hey Ted I guess the Christmas
what is that like
welcome to the 300 say go quickly
best day of your life I'm top both of
the kids have the cup like every other
child in her class literally when you're
going to be dispatched more drop-off
it's like yeah a opera that's what
it's like
anyway great news friend it's bright
this morning okay
I'm very excited I love that is Kevin or
husband 41 open the curtain Mel but it's
right outside and we love for the credit
side
I hate when it's dark it's like I'm not
a fan of the doctor I feel like
especially from going at being a
full-time brother and sorry if you feel
like your days only in half with its
brightest eyes
like eight or nine o'clock I saw a lot a
single a file I file my nails feel that
like definitely are able to make like
longer content you got more time in a
day to make videos so I feel like what
do you guys have a breakfast
oh is that chocolate Irish this is you
going to tell all your friends that it
wasn't exciting weekend you had ah did
you go to see a lego movie well what is
right there
alright lads is in first
sometimes with toddlers you feel like
they're not kids they're just a bunch of
monkeys big bunch of monkeys huh
we should have got four of them and we
could I read a monkey family rule it
Eduardo second to one of the dogs rudely
food on the pavement all cooing think we
use one yeah and it rained on it
so in all soft and then
and then he slept in it I knew when a
one person except tonight because I saw
someone had stepped in it when I walked
outside not like but who is it but it's
fine because it's actually quite wet I
think it will probably come off west
walking but I'm not like wow understand
of course I said to carry him and then
negative 2 for 2 in there side cause I
can be great oh my God look at this
although this is happen in phases so if
I was to be tired I think I you buy an
old preggers would be nice you know your
little speech like that it was a really
being dropped because the person is so
like not fit to carry like you know it's
like the perfect little bench um yeah
but it's not very nice time I'm pregnant
person
yeah I know you're like super like one
of our and obese clients there are you a
client opinion patients from jog to her
appointment and she's like what was he
nice dog look she's not patient anymore
oh yeah but you talk about 35 weeks no
no we're not there anymore and she was
like right up to the end like she's a
jog like a few miles into the
appointment mmm ah up not really
I would aspire to do this story was she
talked had a weak point putana yeah I
guess he got that out an idea here
always fun yeah yeah I need a car
somebody I'm going for it
I do black hair dress I know so I just
got this tweet from Anna she's having an
emergency situation
you guys are appreciating choke somebody
needs some assistance right yeah all
right yeah but I'm not fit of you I
haven't like this right
she thinks you see here a nudist I won't
tell me I'm telling me this way what
okay
why do um why do you have one shoe in a
box you guys by putting one shoe in and
then gave up you look any good though if
I turn this camera around this video go
viral literally and then be like oh my
god hottest pregnant wife of three
months three kids ever question mark
exclamation mark because it's a question
but it's a fact so you want me to pull
your jeans off will you try to put them
on would you inscribe with skinny jeans
our next pregnancy problems where they
risk before you put them on they just
breast just take them off just we're
leggings no I thought that maybe they
might fit well they do samples just one
yeah I would say go go a leggings I like
to just wear skinny jeans but I have the
same problems you know
I don't look as good as you in it all
right we're just having a discussion
because Anna had a box that arrived will
show a minute from the baby store we are
in all the stuff that right right the
box had written on a fragile right and
then every time I see something it says
fragile I always read it politely from
this old American movie called Christmas
Carol which is so funny right gue it
must be Italian I think that's a fragile
oh yeah
so I was talking about it with Anna and
Izzy and I said oh it's Christmas Carol
yeah Christmas Story Christmas Karl I
think I was talking about Anna news you
know I was like oh yeah it's kind of
like the Wonder Years I'm Baltimore like
what the hell's in Wonder Years I was
like are you serious people tell me you
know about the wonder years after
googling or like oh yeah I like malcolm
in the middle' like damn he is so funny
oh my goodness and that was the moment I
realized I was getting old
we're going to collect the duardo mr.
delicious
the goober to come Audrina do now belly
what's up fellas
like freakin hip hop breakdancing if
you're in each our name of justice more
important poets or the boys don't have
to be done no boys do it oh yeah yes I
mean oh yeah sorry I apologize I applaud
ladies and gentlemen apologize
Eduardo how was your first day back of
the week okay yes I heard you were
telling everyone about Batman is telling
everybody all kinds of stories right you
you were such a good boy
I didn't quiet cause I know you're such
a good boy
and did you tell everybody about Batman
yeah yeah so do you like growing up so
much Mike is the only boy oh yeah we
want to take him up it was literally he
was just surrounded by girls and
Jonathan's like hold on a second if you
do only boy in the class today they're
like yeah my wearing shoes
I'm not wearing slippers today whoa this
is the bike baby in it what oh yeah when
we got the 8 in the 94 Eduardo as well
with the little scar one look what we
got here swaddling is that the free gift
one I think so yeah oh yeah look at this
a star one like Eduardo hood yeah you
get to here's the bag lads this is the
bank she chose oh my goodness which is
just a compartmental one yeah all right
so get ready describe right I was like
compartment finish okay well he had
thank you oh you know sleepyhead
well you can now pack the hospital bag
you can officially pack the hospital bag
mate
Oh baby oh no try BA and MA and follow
me girlfriend go pack your hospital bag
off you go go pack your bag and sit in
the car and wait for the next two weeks
just in case
oh look at it it's quilted as you can
tell and I couldn't decide so we ended
up with both of them yeah yeah this
one's for you this one's for the baby
but this is amazing bag I don't have you
seen these before can I open it
yeah sure it was here one I check this
out look inside it it's these little
compartments so you know when you go to
Detroit it how many times in restaurants
do we end up running to the toilet with
like a water wife and and not be in your
hand
now you can just take one of these
little things that are hot through the
pods yeah yeah you can take a pot and
just bring it on one of them's a little
backpack as well
so they can't even make them carry your
own nappies no ha ha ha ha that's so
cool isn't it you annoyed in me because
I didn't take it out right there look
it's back in okay so this is the new
school on technique okay all right okay
I mean if of our shoes off in the car
but it is our new technique oh my god
Anna is Bill busy signing look at these
oh my I don't even have one of these so
pray tell tell everybody what is this
10% it can't form a line it's special
for their jewelry all right what is it
start it launches today so yeah oh yeah
lunch Jesse on screen calm or wherever
the links to the jewelry off they're
really cool though are they they're so
cute
yes I gave one to it more or did you
need love it let's go pretty oh my
goodness we should go out sometime
we should have some baby sometime I feel
ready
I'm having a purple fast a bubble bath
do you see what is this bubble back you
talk off that you want that is always an
immediate yesterday or today
I added all this old footage of you
singing songs
you see it you ain't singing because you
are born do you know that you've been
singing since you're born you're always
singing yeah you're always been singing
around do you want to see the video yeah
yeah well hold on here we go
so I like to skip can you start right by
my ear where you're from just go then
here yeah
Oh
Oh
huh
you've always been singing Amelia what
who's that
then you and is right oh okay oh okay
let's go get to our back okay Oh
