good morning friends and welcome to the
29th of your so we are all chilling on
the couch because we've got to go
somewhere huh you guys will be going to
he's had to be going to okay carefully
okay right Amelia is going off in a
playdate I think she's taking her
brother and her mother away her are we
taking me in doggies do what you want to
come why don't you want to go they will
not steal all the food what you want me
to bring Cena says she can steal all the
food
yeah I see you feeding seen that
sometimes at dinnertime what do you feed
Cena sneaky scraps sometimes if she
doesn't want something she gives it to
see nothing what I see you do it my good
Amelia when I when I was a little boy
right I didn't like sprouts right I
needed her my brothers and sisters and
we had a dog called Benji and we used to
try and get Benji to eat all our
vegetables but he didn't so then we
started hiding it in a plant pot okay a
couple of years later it grew into a
spread plant and then my parents have an
unlimited supply of spreads where are
you
because just because Benji would any our
dog wouldn't eat the vegetables so be
very wary because you might end up in a
plant full of vegetables and then that's
all you can ever eat in the morning time
forever babies yeah Kasturi huh are you
putting it away here we did my hair you
put them yeah you said that
okay so food and so for here I chose to
cool for school - perfect - this is
heavy down except me that Olivia
everybody s you like this or this you're
like that's cool Bianca yeah I guess in
the streets right right right I look
sure it's only Cena lads
oh it's Cena what mommy dog and her big
boy even though her son is 3
where's where is it that he does that's
exactly what to steal steal
yeah where is he what are you doing to
put in my ear I'm against guys so I've
been trying to be a good boy but this
morning I decided I put in a towel on my
panga I put Nutella on my pancake
alright because I'd like give it I love
chocolate like I know Chuck chocolate is
my favorite food it's my favorite king
died and now I don't have any chocolate
why didn't literally throw any chocolate
anymore and it's very sad and so I
decided this morning you know what I'm
putting Nutella and be pancake pour
Nutella in the pancake within your
thinking can laugh oh my god what is
going on there big seriously this is our
family No
who guys
who remembers
oh talking enough that was a very that
was before the kids that's before knows
before your time guys okay everybody
here's this glasses the glasses piercer
Yankee Navy
all right guys for sale Bianca Navy free
to a good home okay free to a good home
but I warn you she's crazy
all right Bianca Navy has a green box
penny not have you folded my ear over a
year an ear folder all right guys
it is way it's 22 we got to get ready to
go what are you doing that's not nice
that's not nice
right come on guys we got to get ready
to go is everyone ready to go live a you
want to come over there oh pretty pretty
near there look she's so beautiful
she's young
you cringe Obama Nevaeh mommy clean your
bumbum oh look at her she's such a yeah
can I get a thank you give mommy give
mommies for the lik give mommies for the
lik acquired Oh what did I say anything
a farting I gotta say my face farting
huh if you're gonna fart in someone's
face do it right what is the plan here
what are you doing Mike you might meet
oh my ears not a toy I washed her yeah
she I sent her up there's at the
basement actually she was so scared she
ran halfway off Wow back three-quarters
way lock saw the other dogs got scared
went back down again and then end up
falling like almost falling down stairs
nervous so happy Crowley nervous
disposition to recap it's that a toy
camera
I'll be the only one that's missing
it's about areas you can't get past the
pillow i'll be i'll be i'll be i'll be
clear come on boy come on they'll saw
the commotion in the air and he was like
no thanks no thank you
Marlon look at you Drake over there like
some sort of pinup it's not a toy are
you a toy son now your toys is not a toy
which just oh my goodness look at this
tattoo it's still here it showed me yeah
we did a skip night last night
everything is a toy what's the plan
what's the plan no no he'll break them
all right let's get out of here you got
to go to our friends house come on
children
oh come on children let's go cuz we'll
go for the win open that door come on
now out into garden come on now get on
your scooters I wasn't sure what I was
going in all right on your scooter come
on scooter time job are you going
oh sorry come on I know it's okay watch
out what about out watch out for the
poop and the puddle whoa wait guys we're
not bringing our strollers we're not
bringing our shoulders scooter sorry I
love Angie crack see what
I think of mommy's keys because we're
going to mommy's car alright why don't
what race down this way it's too scary
Amelia back up back up
okay head it away everybody alright go
whoa no no no no we gotta go we gotta go
you guys gonna have fun I'm not coming
it's just you guys and mommy daddy has
to go do other things
mommy's coming now I know you did it
it's so cool all good bye guys have fun
cuz I'm going back inside I have to go
other places you guys are going here
alright I'll see you guys later have fun
I do want ramp round
okay so it turned out we actually ended
up doing tons and tons of off-camera
stuff because sometimes guys sometimes
life must progress without the vlogs
only sometimes very seldomly things
things and matters of facts that have to
be done off-camera and then I just
didn't really have time to vlog anyway
after I never go home really after doing
everything kids at wait time anyway so I
was gonna end the vlog I was just gonna
give you that and then this morning I
felt Oh pray tell it's a Monday you need
feel like you need more so I'm gonna
give you more super parasail friends for
the greatest next few minutes of your
entire lives trust me you're gonna love
this roll the tape
Hey
Wow
lazy little little couple hundred and
1/2 feet later
came up the water spout down came the
way now let us find out okay
glide up all the way dead empty Wincy
Spider crank
