dan dan dan dan dan dan hello world oh I
am your new hat and gloves there you go
hello mr. shark man
hello and welcome to the 26th best best
day of your life meaning is our way to
school she doesn't want to be a fool she
wants to be cool don't drool when you're
in school because that's not cool
beautiful hey mummy daddy saw a movie
called la-la-land glass mmm and it was
all about singing and I was about
dancing and we sang and we danced did
you sing and dance or not
what movie do you want to go see dear
Charles me the chose movie which for you
know all about it you will know all
about it meaning was telling us this
morning in detail which one I was
hundred roll out and dose you want all
those for my MIT for my for my past and
draw a star toy for my okay did you get
fuzzy hair as well yeah yeah buddy
sillier yeah but can you can told me it
says oh my goodness guys look at this
that's all ice look at all these little
trinkets of that's all my goodness
sounds like proper ice everywhere
there's a bit of water it's all Mike
it's equation we actually have an ice
rink in the house okay be very careful
mister like all it's all I like there's
actual ice here Anna there's actual ice
this whole look at all the little
splashes oh yeah be careful mister man
okay careful there's an ice rink here
like it's slippy slippy sloppy you have
to stomp your feet let's he walk in the
ice walk in the ice like Daddy stomp
stomp stomp stomp stomp
you know that's like the most annoying
said ever like actually prove they're
trying to make the proper good
Romero under train yes I actually almost
beat up a woman on the on the train
because she like this is fine because
Jonathan's only been eating this for
bread what a minute two minutes or
something try to be very quiet this girl
on the train she literally made her
apple ass and it was smaller than that
you finished children yeah you did and
she made it last for about 25 minutes I
think that's how long a train journey
usually is and I was ready to slaughter
her like and she every bite like you're
taking normal bites every bite was like
like she's way down weird I know I'm
like I'm sorry it takes me about five
seconds to eat an apple why is it taking
you like 50 minutes like seriously I'm
so annoyed and it made me so angry and I
was like that it can't just be me like
it has to be other people on this train
it can't just be me leave comments of
what people eat that annoys you that and
popcorn I think or like crisps or
something
pop corner like he's a silent one it
sighs melody it's not snow crunching in
it but it's more like they're sound in
the crunching Sam chewing gum cannot
stand people who don't I don't mind
people chewing chewing gum but I don't
like when they do it with their mouths
open because I'm always words gonna pop
and jump into my met by accident then
I'm gonna know cherries me know that
that is my fear that I start doing it
somehow I'm going to I just think it's
rude like if somebody's like I'm like
that's so rude yes I swallow loudly like
swallows if you like I like a cartoon
character but like that's not it's never
really noticeable unless it's a really
rumors of saying into the balloon which
it never really is I know I wish I
inherited my mom I have a cookie job I
can't make you have a nephew it's only
when you chew filming you that's okay
fantastic
so I've cookie jar and it's got weird
gulps is he what you got
I don't think anything no boys oh he's
perfect
one of my friends her all day long today
and find out thank you one of my friend
through sister she said she had a
squeaky I like what her I blinked
it would squeak to take this I never
heard it like I don't even think that's
even possible but apparently you did I
yeah she's that they're watching TV
together and she was like what's up with
your eyes she like it's squeaking and
then like someone else was in the room
they're like oh my god you're right like
it wasn't just her being like a psycho
yeah well I've never heard I didn't hear
it for myself so I can't you know
hundreds my friends we have come
somewhere Oh wrong person I thought that
was a kid we've come somewhere we've
never been before Matt a lad I know I
did are you excited to duardo your first
time do you want to go sit in the
trolley yeah that sounds like a fun game
we're not gonna be outside we're not
gonna be outside we're gonna be inside
Holden Handy's Oh whose hand you want to
hold pick a person pick up a penguin no
cars you have to hold hands
ah thanks mister do you want to go
speedy mode speedy mode you want to get
any Charlie alright let's get a trolley
we have come to Matt to learn
will I get a tan while I'm in Massillon
probably not oh my god like I find a
perfect t-shirt for me to look unicorn
off duty unicorn Eduardo
oh sorry 3 to 13 you didn't make the cut
mister we go find guy stuff or boy stuff
oh we find stuff for Eduardo oh that
that's cool yeah this is Amelia stuff oh
my goodness and look little leather
jackets what what did you does it mean
you have that already okay look we're at
the poison what put the my all it you
want to put all these clothes on you
alright which ones you like look at this
one four pounds four pounds thank you
very much what about a shirt Eduardo mmm
yeah whoa look at the quality here what
is it 100% cotton daddy where's 100%
cotton
look it's dudes are you a dude are you a
dude what do you think what do you think
do you love it is it you is it screaming
your name is it saying my name is
Eduardo I should wear the shirt what do
you think still of it do you want the
kid one like a mean-ass yeah that's what
I thought oh my goodness you've gotta
come over here forget everything forget
everything we've learned and everything
we know we got everything you know know
what have we just found yeah you want
damn look at this oh my goodness okay
first off Emilia is not 12 18 months to
two three four to five Ana
she's gonna love it oh my goodness yeah
45 - do you love it it's Khloe's pajamas
oh okay mommy's mommy's already got them
for you never mind
can I interest you in this sir a Batman
t-shirt yeah I will take Eduardo needs
the labels cut off a pounds bonus what
about a jumper oh my goodness guys this
shop has everything like you literally
like do you want a princess dress Anna
and there's an Elsa oh my goodness
well I can't put it on right now and why
no but let's have a look at all this
stuff
come on this way where's mommy okay -
morning what geez I can't make it
dan dan dan dan dan dan hello world oh I
am your new hat and gloves look at the
gloves were to look at the gloves if I
get you this you promise not to bite
anyone or doubt now boy mark boy people
on my boy in in Lenoir now there you go
hello mr. shark man did you hear anyway
are you crying oh my god you look so
funny it looks so funny mr. the world's
lightest let's go find out you read what
the hell wardo
this is literally the lightest suitcase
I have ever what a backpack it actually
is the world's lightest it's incredible
look look you see you know that I'm not
just like making it up one finger yeah a
backpack are let's see if we can find
you a backpack before mommy finds us
Eduardo look at this men to the left
because women are always right
No
it's a new house don't freak out why
hope but there's a dog in your back okay
we got a couple of things okay success
we may have overdone it we're taking
this child as well please I mean yeah
we're don't has something for you mean
yeah what I have something for you
what is he got for you
Wow would you say to him give my card oh
wow that cool that time of year again
friends it is so cold that I'm making
the fire breaking it all the fire stuff
cuts in kindling wood we've got some
fire lighter stuff I haven't done this
old recycling bin I always used to
recycling being to help me what I'm
building might have a fire thing up oh
but literally I don't know what happened
but today it's just gotten so cold oh my
goodness compared to like the last like
I don't know what happened today it like
dramatically dropped like it snowed for
like half an hour today as well which is
kind of a Hajin just just a half an hour
of snow he's just that cold
alright I'm building my little fire hair
oh my goodness look little eyes looking
at me mmm
the fire is laughs right let's see you
got some chestnuts tumor roasting on an
open fire
there's webs everywhere and they touch
webs we are actually making some fun
videos whit Matalin very shortly so you
need to go well they're not there yet
okay I'll let you know under social
medias when we're going to do it but
shortly we're going to be putting up
some fun videos on math lines
website involved right all the clothes
and all the fun stuff that we were
buying today like so check that out it's
going to be a brilliant it's going to be
the best video presentation you have
ever seen no wait Ciccone Jolie is
obviously the best video presentation
that you've ever seen but when you
involve both of them together Oh Mike
when you involve both of them huh both
of them together
boom Jonathan that's a ship you mean oh
you mean oh yeah this would be very
information I'll let you know when when
it happens all right it is haircut time
oh my goodness I look like a princess
you had a big lunch did you okay there's
a bunch of pregnant women in the house
prime number and the two of them are
pregnant the same when operating the
same time well yeah at the same time
what Stefan her husband we planned this
yeah all right - what what kind of hair
cookie daddy guess what do you want what
kind of haircut today yet don't give
them to him he'll break them no what
kind of haircut Amelia
what do you think giant pink dry a to
the pink yeah okay don't listen do you
media do some highlights lowlights
are you helping the media are you
cutting my ear off
don't cut my ear off what's wrong stop
I mean I'd write up a go all right with
you guys
we've got no mirror here so I don't know
what's going on what what do you say
figure out oh no that's all right
actually can you say it yeah yeah turn
anything on no no no no no yeah you know
I'm not recording yeah I'd never
occurred this is they going a little red
dot at the corner Oh
