oh my goodness we just got home we just
pulled in and then that's not the
delivery man this is the future of our
entertainment what what is it are you
excited
hello and welcome to the 25th yesterday
we're on our way to school what are the
chances what are the odds don't slip
lads it is a bit slippy whoa
just as I say it caught on tape what is
going on here give a hand just like an
ice rink here but it's not I see it's
like something else is it frozen I know
oh my goodness I should not mention that
was my demise it was caught on tape oh
yeah by the way it wardo is going to
school as well today we've now increased
eduardo school Ã¤j--
play an extra day oh my goodness come
over this side mr. Eduardo is now in
three days a week because he loves
school so much now one drop and go I
needs a change man
incredible incredible stuff go and slip
it wide the whole way across you don't
see anyone ever again
school rule number one bring it
immediately Tom not seen a school rule
number one occurring in wardo - huh
are you ready for another episode of
drop and go by Eduardo
yes I'll pick you up again okay all your
photos yeah come on camera board I'm on
board
all right now run to the door right to
the door he's right I think it's better
if I stay here yes yeah hundred percent
then he was in you go to your coffee
you're gonna get coffee right right he
just came over doing with himself it's
good that's good
I do know he loves them I do know he
loves because later I loves it's just
he's trying really really hard that's
what we were messing there and then like
you tell that he was getting a bit Anki
and I was like know when to just stop
talking to this drop this is good for
him already
he's not even know a few days you can
tell his social and Volkov is like
picked up a little bit
he's a bit more confident to use worry
it's really unhappy there and they they
would ring us first of all it'd be hard
to lose your first kid because I'd have
no like yes because we have like the
knowledge of life what's that thing I'd
like there's a vector we know that it
works because in media
and then every morning goes into medias
class and he like puts her back away and
her book and everything and then like if
you want to get to do it I know
literally every time they're like oh my
came off the list
yeah like great he's going to a class
yeah yeah he's going for that class next
year or this year Wow Wow look at this
thing can you even turn to decide try
and hide it it's like if you just turn
to the side it's like wait what's that
what's that there it's just in the last
few days though isn't it I feel like
it's just the last few days that it's
really like popped and then the
movements have been insane oh maybe
she's getting ready where you going you
want to press the button mr. big boy who
never cries in school anymore no no sir
press it daddy on Eduardo walking down
the road wearing hats and scarfs cause
it's pretty darn cold
it's January off so February and
February's dad's birthday have you got
me a present for a birthday now what you
both have presents for me for my
birthday
do you know how old daddy's gonna be
have a guess
happy big oh my good is that big is that
mommy he didn't cry
now I know it kind of seems that we just
dropped it warded to school turned
around and came back two seconds later
but I just like to say that was actually
many many many hours okay I just wanted
to say that because the agent in he did
not explain it to you and I didn't want
you to become fools okay on with the
show what did you do just played and
played and they went to the toilet every
day Eduardo what do you have for pudding
ice cream
what and what did you have for lunch
do you remember you gesture was it pasta
yeah chicken chicken yeah and sue did
you eat that all by yourself
Wow Wow see that's the thing about you
know sending to school there good rice
well done oh that is so good I'm so
proud of you and did you play with any
children Wow oh do you know their names
what about Kelly did you play with Kelly
yeah good boy it's like kids on need
names no no you know they could just
play willy-nilly imagine not knowing
anyone's names it just like go hang out
with people and just like nothing it's
like what why does that matter
why do I need to know their name did you
play outside was it cold
oh you know just a Cola bottle you oh
yeah it is bit wet isn't it
yeah oh my goodness we just got home we
just pulled in and then that's not the
delivery man or don't you notice is she
notices this is the future of our
entertainment
what are you excited suebian
say what open our parcel we're waiting
you're by the way for a babysitter
because we're both myself and I'm eating
wonder why we're sitting in the car in
our driveway
yeah it's for all of us it's a mini
Macintosh do you want us okay here you
go oh wait
or or if you want the box daddy's
getting his hair cut tomorrow and the
chocolate biscuit we can ask her to
bring chocolate biscuits we're trying
something new and his hairdresser the
girl like I cuts on his hair I asked her
to come to the house then she's gonna
come to the house tomorrow and she's
gonna cook daddy's hair and then she can
cut your hair too
she can cook board her hair at the same
time we can have matching haircuts what
do you think
what do you think give me that what have
you think megabytes all packed into oh
maybe I was pretty a charge no charge
it's not mobile what you know
yeah we'll test it out later we're like
half an hour late at this point it's 700
million hours later we're back here
amelia is here and it wardo and watching
television but myself myself do you know
what mommy is forcing me guys forcing me
to watch a movie whoa hey that was cool
you gotta flip
wow you're some sort of a genius huh
Amelia mommies makes me watching movie
called lala land can you believe it I
don't know what it's about
she told me it was some kind of
intergalactic war a sci-fi a movie about
war and politics my favorite hmm but I
have a feeling it's not do you know that
island I think they might sing and dance
in it
exactly like that that's exactly what
I'm expecting it to be like do you want
to go up mommy instead yeah yeah and you
what no no you and mommy go to lala land
mean Eduardo go see Star Wars what hate
you wanna go see the new lego movie it's
Batman
everyone loves Lego Batman
oh there's a sale on in the beds I don't
know someone looks cozy
oh yeah even open they didn't get a
clunker to you so and I got her away
again wait wait wait is this about how
did you know that no I didn't know that
right we're going to see lala land
plaids it better be good whoa whoa this
is an intense staircase and that is the
end of the blog that's the conclusion of
the vlogs
well yeah and then you guys seen lala
land you can leave comments but I've
probably seen it by name who just
Oh crying I don't want to cry and you're
a pregnant I know you cry every time the
wind blows the last musical i watch was
don't cry for me Argentina I love that
so if it's anything like Ava up her own
what was that called again Evita and
you'll be okay but I'm feeling it's not
know this was really 70 billion Oscars
later so and of course we're going to
recruit cinema with the couches and the
pizzas we got the best seats in the
house lands we've booked this like a
week ago they're probably like can I
know everywhere tonight all the
babysitters are sold out and the cinemas
all day
more volatile like why do you think it's
not large Thanks what
oh my goodness look at this and we're
gonna figure this Chinese actually of
the Sydenham upstairs mr. diederich I
think upstairs is where they do the kid
showing because they look at paintings
velvety this one is like the best cinema
ever guys this is cool look who's even
like Adele for try staying here my
goodness and the smoochie smoochie big
night
hello from the future or today as you
watching is just editing now and realize
I never ended video we went to the movie
guys and it was great and then we went
to bills and I got steak and egg I think
Anna might have snapped it and Anna
guard a halloumi burger I got a green
juice as well it was amazing new at home
and then we just yeah that was great
you should say it was it was a good date
night but I totes for that to sign off
and say goodbye farewell friends I hope
you've enjoyed the video and you leave a
like and you leave a comment or Jonathan
you are an amazing person and I would
really like to wear a jumper with you
sometime uh yeah subscribe if you're new
and all that kind of stuff and I'll see
you guys tomorrow for another exciting
episode of the sacona Jolie's until then
au
