look at it like it's not a journalist is
mad like when we hit that waiter
February is the last month of our lives
we're only having tea children hello and
welcome to the 24th of your life we're
on the school run this morning we are
back to this car again his theatre one
has gone home because nobody fits in
this and there's no car seat in the car
okay please hold
ah back in the old car guys remember
this car yeah which one do you prefer
the other one or this one
Eduardo she said it in my way do I keep
the forever sandy baby name the only
while running on a month last like come
on close it together
all right that's filler up I got it down
to 10 miles we had ten miles of spare
and you want to do for ten miles use it
Alaska two petrol now okay
get our chicken supreme chicken supreme
we just scored the best spot ever looked
up where we're going early shows I
always say remember with pockets I will
go Jack that it's good it's nine o'clock
in the morning that place guys in class
odd talk about the window to me
panettone uh yes so we look up the menu
last night in colleges and evident our
teachers were breakfast treat your
summer treat yourself but we didn't
every kind of pony
yeah but they change their menu
obviously I mean not just pulley of it
to everybody else
but I didn't know I didn't know if it
did breakfast or not but it does it
right mo
let's go and help them on what do you
want more dough
I can't hear you you have to shout it as
loud as you can
the letter you said it the more
classrooms you get that's a small one
Oh a little bit better yay you're some
kind of Tony's I feel that way tomorrow
it's fun to clean underwear
hold on there just one people is amazing
only physically but what you've done I
ate a croissant look Wow look at the
size of them oh that the biggest Hassan
you've ever seen
hold it this took the giant pythons in
the run no honey
like mom you know oh my god he isn't
here he actually has it here don't you
showing you the cross on you somewhere
with you mister oh my goodness guys look
at that kind of tone a toasted panettone
oh wow that is going to be good and I
got these common poached egg on a
focaccia something I got on it
purple it's not purple Amelia would love
that yeah
did you look at the size of this is
hunter chocolate man man huh Oh
analyze the guardo's trademark comes in
the pocket Bandon around but if you do
it
issues message Japan decided oh that's
cool
wow there's even some yellow in your
jumper do not what's in your top take a
penny yet over there I'm gonna get
titties for the kids for putting tonight
no you're so cute aren't they
yeah we're gonna get one for you hello
hello hello hello hello guys you think
these planes can see each other
hopefully they don't hit each other like
I wonder they waving at each other hey
buddy hey what's up where you going I
just go for drive see you later bye oh
my god write my name write my name
they're making an a joke oh my god
they're going to spell the baby's name
they're going to summon anything just
pick the media up from school and now
we're going to go swimming you excited
and I just realized I forgot her
something hat oh I literally remember
everything I thought I had remembered
everything and I had everything packed
and organized and then there's always
one thing like always one thing I was
talking about this with another mom man
is everything yeah she had some yeah she
does
and that's true actually you can
unbuckle your seatbelt if you want look
at the state of my car after that party
there's like marshmallows and sweets and
all kinds of stuff in my car after that
bloody party hey wait don't show your
okay don't show your thingy
your jumper
guys the level my level of excitement
cannot be matched you don't understand
right first of all I come into Marcin so
get it done look what they've done
look how fancy our town is now they've
increased the amount of baby spots
unbelievable Wow
what a day what well they got a new sign
this what are you sign Wow
2017 it's happening it's up the decision
in science look at that let's look at
the fanciness oh the fanciness this is
this is my life now I am excited by this
I'm very excited
new sign of Martin's new baby bugs or
the tinnitus is the 2017 a brand new one
a brand new ones going in Latin oh my
goodness what a day what a day treat to
acknowledge this
Wow that's a hero I guess here he
doesn't even know it
so to remember I think I just said on
Twitter but I was like this year we want
to try and shoot the short film and then
luckily if he didn't let me forget about
us and we're going to meet a storyboard
artist it's already get it going it is
exciting
it's gonna be amazing in 2027 you guys
are going to see this what he's actually
going to park here like who's going to
park here I don't understand it the
point of that side you're going to do
there's no one done and today right do
your little dun dun check at this outfit
gonna see your outfit it is so cool oMG
did you have something look so grown up
I think it's the boot you know that I
think it's the boots that make you look
grown-up
okay mmmm and your hair is got really
long yes it will
okay now wait wait this is the road but
my boyfriend's going hey guys I'll set
out right that douchey he's like
remember throwing up Tarasov yeah I have
to shake and
Daniel is broken oh yeah yeah that is
insane
that's hiccup yeah they're like they're
like bigger than cakes
alright good good good not bigger than
cakes to keep them like almost painful
on the stage but it's crazy it's like
pressing some water for others but oh my
goodness look at that wood whoa good and
is it so big
you always know that hiccups because
they're like constant oh my god are they
so we have somebody inside you it's a
breakfast inside of you now oh yes geez
I think it over
no no no I can feel equipment you get
let me alone so crazy so weird you
should like make a big move with them
yeah like today it actually hurt yes
indeed this morning okay it was like
okay penny looks much bigger guys I said
your bomb looks much bigger should like
you're better if it's bigger screen your
phone your bumblers was big enormous
rather than should be like a screw you
mate
I think it has like it was like you know
like this right it seems like did this
feel like a fascist pregnancy to you
yeah whatever seemed it's the longest
it's not because we've been playing
since March yeah that's the only reason
why but if you take that out of it I'm
like a full year and I know we're paying
for a year you know we weren't fighting
for two months for me to end it and then
start it again it was in there two
months in between one more than between
yeah and then so yeah that's it feels
like a longest pregnancy ever in that
sense but in the other sense I can't
believe like
look at this like it's not a journalist
is mad like when we hit that way that
February is the last month of our lives
we're only having two each other
I am fully white I eat grass all day in
the green leather where I run and play
get no peeking
Who am I yeah oh yes I'm the little
sheep bad
I am bright and brown bacon spotter - I
make yummy milk and I always say no who
is it a cow who hey have two dounia's
and a Whitney news add-on fast and I
hope one my tunes Who am I
a buddy one a bunny rabbit and have fun
with Chris don't change overnight
register my team you hi okay I catch
looking like my tail I can lick my face
and I look at you all over the place
Who am I um mother let
down excuse me you cannot speak what
dowdy fennel to England who live I flip
the cup where I lay my head wardo
I am the chicken
hey she attends a needle without she
can't walk huh huh come on then let's go
brush your teeth mrs. Magoo you wait
there and back for me while I go pick up
my new toy whoa
was it scary so I go mommy can't do it
she is a baby in her tummy
this is trained or well hmm come on mrs.
let's go oh jeez water let's brush our
teeth first adversities already I just
thought you might do his what alright
I'll do a water run in a second in here
what how do I get milk toilet paper deal
hi mrs. in your pop let's get you
singing to go
mr. go get her most go get her
you know this moans left so we have to
go with that one
cheetah leash so for immediate Messina
some for Eduardo Johnson this is what
daddies have to do friends the water boy
has arrived
water for Amelia in a Christmas cup huh
now who else order the water sit her oh
it's a kink up I will put it over here
you haven't got a bedside table yet so
yeah you haven't you haven't leveled up
to that level what I'm going to build it
yeah okay I'll get on that right away
Oh
you
