hi uh sighs welcome to the best 27 days
of your life
welcome to the 25 on your best day of
your life well what an entrance to the
video presentation that was Amelia
Thomasina well done soon you're gonna be
able to take over from me I'll retire
and little baby Amelia show
whoa kukuli Amelia show GU GU million
show Marion dealership sometimes it's
your dojo when a media let's and go go
on the show go on show me what you have
for breakfast
chocolate starry skies cool eh oh my
goodness yeah a double school that you
and Eduardo foe go to school this
morning mommy daddy have to London town
but you'll be back all right good when I
come back from school
yeah Oh practice on the table breakfast
is on the table
he's coming what you're having for
breakfast on this fine Monday
shall we let's go doggy friends in come
on documents
one two three four five Oh
look at the color look how Frost it is
that guy's eyes Jesus I don't think I
can at six go okay so this is one of
their I'll me Umberto Oh
Wow yeah
I love it being a naughty doggie I'll be
see never does or what a Wednesday I
have some hot water on me cereal in
London was this one done I wanted one
half eaten in shock puppies for the
school run a half a grapefruit and then
we get back to the school and we have
breakfast today is a rush one and just
people and different can change and they
don't have any city - under the other
little peaceful and inefficient concern
basedgod so something happened they they
share a lot of money
the to sound after something else's all
right so you looking at one wrong if
you've got food all the time
yeah but this is a monkey
hmm was it Skype and we can see the rust
everywhere process really pretty tough
crunch crunch
I've got to move from that Oh close it
again Oh
we're lucky now for exact you know I
don't know oh my goodness look at the
frost guys let's get this right in the
cars
alright strike this will turn this line
then that one on and this is the max
Maximum Overdrive okay
high school drop off number 1 1 we go
right yeah mr. wardo drill
guys Eduardo has managed to turn on the
heating in the back in the back of the
car
so it's not like touchdown all types of
as well some serious here
oh look maybe it's back coverage what
about currently sentimental but yeah I
think it was and yeah so Eduardo this
was okay so this the reason why the last
drop-off was so traumatic is because we
tried this thing called drop and go
where you just basically drop the child
over did you drop and go
yeah you just do it and then you just
leave to it away and I found that really
traumatic so did Eduardo Jonathan didn't
care excuse no emotion is perfect it was
hard it was brutal but apparently it
works and so that's why we did it and
then today I decided oh no when I
collected from school he was behaving
quite yeah
and so today he was like I don't want
you to stay daddy and then he was like
I'm going to be a big boy like he kept
saying things that were a lot more
positive than things you used to say and
and then Jonathan dropped from us and
apparently he's mine yeah yeah I just
put him in the door I was walking up to
this class he's like you're going for
coffee right Eddie I think it heaps like
kind of get like to enjoy nature and I
just I just open the door and I dropped
minutes at high school teacher and he
was like Spidey
I was like boy I know and just close the
door no I didn't go because I thought it
would be easier if just once because I
think sometimes if it's both of us
there's too much of it unless amania
watch you mean Eduardo leave her
classroom I choose to solid when oh it's
just just after Christmas all we had was
for walking it together and she was like
well I want to be in that team this time
of year is hard anyway because it's cool
anybody anybody is having problems with
the nursery drop off due to drop and go
because when anyone says it to you you
think like yeah it's easy to say it but
when you're in a parent and your kid is
born and rise there's no are easy out
values you all kind of one of the
hardest thing
you're finding your trials and they
don't understand why your mommy not your
leaving them yeah I'm telling you
dropping oh I get to run or to go is
amazing well we should we should write a
book cause a drop ago what we how are
you next time
I still think we need to increase its
time this book yeah now we have to have
our breakfast
read on yeah we got going on me we just
get to chill bill or all that no no
nothing something in the mist
and as if by magic we end up in central
London trends right by to Paul this
where over all your Gras colors
different things I got in really fast
I'll be generation where sham a half an
hour early for something the pontiff in
trouble we Saudi Air Forces the changing
our doors the Queen forces are something
going on something true low the after is
all Curtis much and imagine drinking
this
did you actually oh he's going off
it what and this is Anna once commanded
it's our books and drop the most another
floor and then picked it up in a dish
always remember that your good ol days
anyway yeah we're going to the toilet
they might go in Aryan see we can into
bathroom right we went in seven hundred
fifty five million hours of medium-sized
our house
and finally give it to chicken okay
so popular right I got the classic
chicken chopsticks means speaking off
Matt Savelle with
we're burnin expected doll soul if you
please that we have two fish chips and P
if you say present written Petit Pois
what is it with you English and a deep
fried chicken switch to the club's if
you wish
okay whether I did start off using
something I've given open the chopsticks
then I got this giant fork spoon what
they call a fortress
their names and they look good
yum-yum-yum-yum-yum
hello yes my goodness guys you need to
see a media media media love you look
like mummy a little bit you look so cute
in that wig huh looks so cute and you
look cute as well mr. hmm is that Holly
sing with Holly and Benjamin what a plan
your hair look how long your hair has
gotten over night is so long
Wow I love you please Oh cute right
friends I've got some good news in the
bad name oh now this please wait all
right this computer here friends I
bought this Dell XPS I think with the
5111 the 8100 LX yes I bought it all
it's like she Gooding it I bought it
again a container can I get I can feel
English BPC world either living I'm so
excited I wanted this computer for a
month months and years and I've waited
people there wasn't many people like
just everything I wanted when I wanted a
bar Samina I got he when I wanted you
boom
yellow disagreement here you've been
we've been watching my channel to stay
has begun rightly in a couple of videos
you know talking about getting this
system yeah yeah yeah course it along I
just get everything you want okay
careful
someone very cable you didn't mean any
of those i I don't I just feel like I
need to see the Baron using my precious
new addition to the family
mmm-hmm she fits in master with all the
other stuff
look at this can you see that hour and
25 minutes
Oh
and both you click like here so them I'm
in the picture the more likes you get
the more of a chance a you have to win
so please vote for me and I'll be just a
few moments ago guys I don't want to say
to you I don't want to say too loud
Bianca in front of the computer because
I don't want the computer to get too
upset but I did it
I ordered a mini Mac because this thing
very rarely turns on so I'm going to
turn on and you get this sometimes you
don't get that and it just stays off for
hours and it's a total mess so Bianca I
finally did it
I felt bad doing it because I feel bad
retiring my good old friend and
replacing it for a tiny little box but
it had to be done didn't this I feel sad
give any exact words what will do a
proper service for us
attention service we're going to have
some red-hot blues corn to killer chips
on some organic oat cakes over gold mad
we're holding back there simply
egregious oh and some detox a seed
fennel tea as well this is my life
oh yeah whiteford wait ten years ago
friends and that has been replaced with
organic blue chip oats and our Nana
okay auntie don't get old stay home Fred
don't do it go places gracefully it'll
just hurt a bit to bed now oh yeah
