I'm like guys I'll see you guys later
you see and everyone said it wasn't a
seven-seater boom good morning and
welcome to the 22nd best day of the best
year of your life so Eduardo has been
helping me to make hi to make pancakes
haven't you
he's done all the dry ingredients and
now we're doing the wet look like a
little doggy okay we're ready
don't mind the sake boobies I don't have
a brown okay so one time I wrapped an
egg and it cracked into the bowl and I
was like I just instinctively freaked
out like I didn't get cross with him but
I was just like oh my god and he's great
now oh look I've traumatized him you
don't want to do the egg here take it
you can hold it just don't drop it okay
he's so traumatized ready 1 2 3
you did it see I knew you could do it
whoops ear go like this there we go
that's it that's it now we need to put
in some more no look we need to put in
some more whoa
look at you go okay don't do that you're
gonna spill it all over the place well
done though can you do more whisking
okay okay so I was doing this recipe
from memory and I left out I just
checked the recipe just as well I did to
double to just double check to see if I
have everything in and I left out sugar
so we could have had a very not so sweet
pancake I know we need to get the sugar
remember we've got sugar how bad is that
check out the pancakes we made it white
oh well yours is gone Johnathan's is
there this is what they look like
uncovered and chocolate mania has moved
on to sharing hers with Eduardo yeah I
would say that is um that was a good -
thank you
oh wait oh yeah last week's yeah because
you didn't have an egg now I've bought
hundreds of eggs to combat that from
happening ever again
but loads of eggs
guys got something to tell you that is
possibly the most important information
you could hear today I don't even know
if you're ready for this
so yesterday started off just like any
normal day put on a pair of jeans true
on my UGG boots grind up the mountains
and I didn't I didn't even think about
it until like halfway through that day I
thought to myself my jeans have not
twisted for the sake of science I have
worn these jeans saying diesel the exact
same genes as you don't wonder just a
different color yeah yeah I stuffed all
of the things in here to try and like
make it more stuffy or something I and I
went throughout the whole day and they
never twist it okay this is important
this is sign oh my I'm blind I'm blind
look at that beautiful sunshine we've
just changed history
we need to cracked the most important
scientific discovery of our generation I
don't know what it is I don't know what
we figured out but somehow that's I call
this somehow that's a product this
little device in me here because
Oh mr. gopro came far came for gopro
yesterday bring in something I don't
think I did
Oh make it stand here yeah oh the
sat-nav was covering it I'm gonna try
and attach my phone huh this guy here
iPhone 7 plus thingy I'm gonna try and
attach my phone somewhere like this I
look at that someone like that I'm gonna
try and do a livestream like I'm not
gonna call a car karaoke but like it
kind of a if you can have it here like
this and then all of us were in it and
like a livestream of us like going for a
drive and just chatting away and I was
like yeah I was like let's try it out
I love to diss cars one of these you
know it's like only have to be to open
specially with the dogs whoa look at
this it's a little thing do you guys can
sit on Oh what did I say
alright come on now check that out
that's cool isn't it so I have to walk
if you needed to change your shoes or
put the doggies on it's really cool to
have the little black thing I like the
back thing this one doesn't have the
back thing this one doesn't have the
back thing you guys remembered a Porsche
Cayenne that we had that had one of
those jewel things that's well handy if
you have dogs
what inside let's see if you fit okay
close this up okay no I closed this one
- oh my guys I'll see you guys later
you see and everyone said it wasn't a
seven-seater boom hello oh hello guys is
that your new house hey wait wait wait
wait can daddy fit in there too
what is there a yeah you can actually
open the boot from in there come on let
me see if I can fit in there - move over
move over I mean we're on the walk we're
on the walk on the way I get the two
little princesses so we did the
livestream no idea if it worked or not I
won't know until later on we're back at
home and I can check to see what
actually work there - there was a couple
of peeps there so you know what I
couldn't even read comments as they're
flying in that so I don't even know I
hope what kind of work if you kind of
fund me something different there's no
structure to it or anything you know
whoa I need a biggest trees you've ever
seen yeah oh yeah a Kwanza yeah I don't
know who put an acorn out here buncha
fellas hold in hand walking in the farm
with a buncha fellas holding hand
walking in the forest be careful now you
might go jump jump in the forest little
fellas holding hands walking in the
forest so we've never been here before
I'm not really sure what this is it
looks like a golf course but then
everyone was just like strolling around
with their dogs and stuff so it's like
part golf course part walk I understand
so minute ago I was like four we were
like what are you doing why are you
playing golf in the middle of a park
it's called a heap
what is the heath mean in the UK I don't
know what it means
so I've got my two kids running off that
way I have the two dogs running off this
way you don't go after hey you want a
treasure hunt
forget the to them I can see it on
some of my happiest memories of my
childhood you know it was a bit
traumatic but I have a couple of good
good handful of really happy memories
and it was every Sunday gonna answer
like optimality of the Wicklow Mountains
or to like Saudis gap or all those
places where we just like go and find
sticks and acorns just like a wandering
in the woods I think it's when you get
old you just realise the value of what's
the most important things and just like
hanging out with your family is like the
most important thing even though it
would seem like children at home or
playing the PlayStation or watching TV
or doing something like that seem like
that will be more fun but in the long
run this will be more fun huh because
consuming things like you can do that
anytime you like with no lifespan of it
but this is a this is time there's
there's a limit on this little guys are
gonna get older someday and not want to
do this anymore you gotta enjoy it are
you gonna be a tree cutter where you go
up whoa what are you gonna do when you
grow up you want to be a tree cutter as
well yeah you can be a tree cutting
assistant assistant to the tree quarter
Oh you sleep at least I'll always have
these videos to look back on and
remember when I'm like old and the kids
have all got married and left
I still remember I'll get to look back
in these videos Jonathan in the future
at least you did it
okay guys I don't think we're ever
coming through this place again because
we're walking along here you see that
golf ball I just landed beside us from
like miles up there somewhere so I'm
gonna took that shot I don't underst I
do not understand this place at all is
it a golf course or a public park I
don't understand but I don't think we
should come back here again I think this
is the most dangerous walk we've ever
been on there's my golf balls this golf
balls everywhere guys check out these
horses can you see guys can you see on
your side Eduardo three horses big ones
little doggy at the back oh so cute any
crazy
you may wanna walk the whole way never
public eye I pick a shoulder carry them
for the last enough good mommy and daddy
have a nap oh that was the plan
immediate that's fine what about you
Eduardo
yes oh my god imagine a synapse I know
all they asked me that at the stay in
play give me our bread Eduardo's one
yeah okay
and they were like does he take naps and
after the afternoon I looked at the most
like that's long gone
you remember me yeah don't be mad is it
for ages longer like I only stopped in
January of when she was three tonight
that she was the first child so you know
exactly even a clue you know but I think
they're just different people remember
double naps breakfast nap wake up lunch
no they're really good I don't know you
basically don't have a kid cheapest
childcare not because about stage
they're still feeding over like two
hours three two hours
all right we are home now you must get
the kids in the car best 7-seater ever
carries dogs and kids huh it's like the
perfect family car
are you writing a piece on the wall did
you bring that what's in Tehran show me
Ryan
yes there is something you carry two
bracelets already watch out watch
pregnant bellies
Edoardo I am your father
ant ant ant ant ant hey guys I got a new
pair of glasses what do you think of
them they're pretty cool you'd never see
me coming
what but these are my glasses right I'll
join ya why can't see Noir no oh geez
why no why no what have you done
okay the children have lost their minds
what some sticks all right we're gonna
go have a glow partay Oh goodbye friends
thank you for watching and we'll see you
tomorrow
are we ready are you ready
