is it a race Oh
hello and welcome to the 21st best day
of your life this morning Amelia has
either turned into Khaleesi or she's
turned into oh ha ha look at you were
blond hair oh my goodness that looks so
good on you ok your hair Eduardo's hair
is amazing because it actually matches
look at you two oh my goodness guys that
is the cutest thing I've ever seen he
looks so real you guys look so good
today yeah you want to be a mermaid I
remember Amy's in houses where one
bother me
I'm here with Francesca and we're going
to try and drift a Range Rover I would
know are you ready you ready
there's a massive can I take your name
please Jonathan don't scare it don't
scare the Sheep we are now driving up a
mountain left I don't understand what's
happening I think all the people here
like what's his name again
hello hi
when's the C part come up we're actually
driving in a lake or something
this is mr. Tom cake okay all right
anyway anyway you like saying so daddy
has abandoned us this weekend just
kidding
and we are gonna be really busy today
because we have two parties to go to so
first we've got a partly from Eduardo's
class and then you've got a party from a
media class so we're wrapping presents
Eduardo's got banana and cashews and the
media's got banana mm-hmm yeah what did
you have to do paint Gaza fight that's
where the mummies got banana and about
to have some peanut butter as well we
have a pretty full day planned are you
guys excited what do you think what kind
of food do you think you're gonna get at
the party what do you think yeah dude
you actually like sandwiches mister look
at how he's eating his banana
does that have monkeys hmm or debate
like this like mummy
also I had a really bad reaction last
night to something I ate I got high
itself all over my legs I've been having
issues let's just say that all morning
and last night at about half past 5:00
in the morning I've got sick it wasn't a
lot but I had a really upset stomach and
just whatever it was needed to come out
it was gross
okay we're here and everyone today
arrived in a Land Rover but looking
because I put my suspension up look I've
got there I was lifted up in the air wow
what are the odds that everybody here is
driving a Land Rover you know what I
would not want to be in the convertible
actually spilling all our food we're at
the table again if your boy had the food
wasn't too bad guys it was it didn't get
mushed too much that's okay
oh no this is apparently potato this is
chicken this is the person who broke my
car yesterday but a reason why the car
wasn't working yesterday and explain to
me why we're dressed finally oh it's
really sticky okay so we're gonna do
cough medicine for a media and tell Paul
for you right give me a cuddle come here
what's wrong yeah
okay so put it back cuz that's for
doggies hey yeah it's clean though it's
fine
okay ready should we do the medicine
downstairs maybe because Eduardo's is
downstairs yeah obsessed with medicine
so we're ready to go
finally it's around 10 to 2 let's go I
can't carry you because I'm already I've
already got a baby in my tummy
remember those the rules yeah no no I
can't carry you okay hold on this is
really scary I mean it open the gate
thankfully I have made kind of our
living room for us it is the coldest day
of do you wanna sit in the beanbag your
life
Oh what if that rolled off or something
I wouldn't be brilliant
here's they don't have a much this thing
on they go look at this view of comfort
with comfort of you look at that isn't
that crazy though okay just look at this
view
oh my goodness here Francesco run down
to the end there Signet picker just just
this is basically Anna's car but in a
convertible I was trying to convince
Anna to get one of these because I kind
of wanted to drive it sometimes where
nothing is cool all these in here
because it's a glowstick party while
Amelia's one is disco yeah close okay
let's go
I think this is this is Amelia right
this is your sight
Eduardo let's go in your sight you're so
late we're so late and we even went to
go to this party for like an hour
at this rate on our end you get both you
get in and I'll strap you guys okay in
your seats quickly otherwise we're only
gonna make one party Land Rover have
actually given us early access to their
brand-new sat-nav unit they were trying
to go for something it don't this is not
gonna be super high check okay so bear
with me okay so let me just try to
explain to you okay so this is how the
satin that works okay so it's an
official and Robo but guys don't don't
be telling anyone about this okay so
this is what we are here okay and we
just have to join this road so I think
you just drive here now on this might
move it might be a low-carbon version
yeah yeah it's working okay
similar should be able to find their way
home using the brand-new sign of very
excited to use this guys hello what did
you guys get for Jessie's gonna squeeze
in watch out for the iPad holder
I thought his party will just go you
know where we're going through the
change that you can figure what you get
why though you guys have fun at the
party did you miss me all day
Maura we have made it to the next party
we're just an hour late we should just
get in straight in guys start singing
happy birthday slice the cake and let
the games done let's do this guy's get
into your party mode does everyone in
party mode and the party modes where's
your party smile oh is that your party
smile oh it's a nice party smile Eduardo
Oh leave mommy's bag I'll get it in case
your knock everything over is there
marshmallows this party good job
everybody
yeah PE this is a PE oh very good but
will we go back to the party guys cuz
the party's in there should we go back
to the party
maybe get some food
is that what you're doing P you thought
what you doing P
I think this what media doesn't P and
skill alright guys if we get some food
who wants cake oh my goodness
right there I think that party them from
the last party oh we're going back we're
going okay hello there mister scarecrow
scarecrow troll can I see I see it
right I have been instructed by her
Highness yeah well I brought my tools
and the nail media has a cat calendar
Amelia wants a cat what was the deal we
said about Akash I know what was the
deal I said about having a kitten when
did I say you could have a kitten
did your tantrum do you want it like
that and that's what you wanted
okay you're gonna supervise you watch me
now make sure I do a good job city kids
a great fun to parties they went to I
had grateful and tracing around he's me
Land Rovers the duardo has smashed the
castle did you point out all your party
today
