days in the shade of some big old tree
making daisy chains I'm watching all the
honeybees last night underneath starry
sky
every day summer when you spend it with
me yesterday is over distant I really
like ya hotel but we do this Oh yen oh
my but returning yeah I hope you like
the recipe
why doesn't New Year bash it was your
iPad under there you know yeah what
what's this what is this monkey okay
euro what and I thank you thank you an
iPad keeper give me that iPad give me
that
it's not gonna end well for you
it's not gonna throw it if you troll
it'll break Amelia I have a question for
you
do you remember when Eduardo was born
daddy went and got tattoos of your names
on me so first I got a tattoo of Amelia
and Eduardo you're never gonna guess
what I'm doing right
just that you signed the form consent
the media's armies getting this time
this is way more clinical care gonna
watch down there in the dark like sit
still some of the night he's here with
all the right above it try reopen our
scholars but I think in this life is
real and time alone won't help to heal
getting through the
what do you think of that I think he
likes that and then after that I got it
at you all bill squiddy
Jase's
waiting
all because it's brand new it's sort of
to start when it's brand new
but do you think it's cool it develops
quit no the other ones on store now
because they're older like but the new
one is kind of tore see don't touch it
but do you like it your name here look
yeah later on and then I got Anna's name
everybody's in the family's name I don't
I was thinking of 165 my name actually
yeah oh no look I have Jolie over in
that side I don't want a know someday
I'll fix it
I need to put two more names but I want
it to be fair okay I want to put the
other two children's names some if you
say the baby's name you know we're gonna
to change the baby's name I can't draw a
dog
thank you I'm gonna call him Eduardo jr.
that's what you are too much or too much
a little vlogger of ladies you know my
question is when our little Eduardo jr.
comes along where should I put Amelia
we're gonna put the tattoos of Alessia
francesca and it wardo ii I'm not sure
suggestions over you have that tattoo
please what well I how are you back on
the iPad again did we not just have a
discussion about the iPad right that's
it come on that's it baby this baby
sweet I mean I love all my children
obviously obviously when you've got a
baby you're like obsessed with them
so the first thing the children wanted
to do when they got home I forgot I
watched the car before I left okay she
is first TV kids wanted to do when he
got home is leave us so they all went
off to term a test today it is midterm
and everyone's off so everyone's up for
playdates
but uh yeah they've gone off on a little
adventure
Alvin their last yeah now shouldn't
believe it unless he is heading off on a
little adventure to a little playdate
well she's gonna the same place to meet
Eduardo are because Amelia's best friend
his little sister is it Wireless best
friend so it's quite handy and and then
unless he's gonna go and join them and
we're all gonna go home we're all gonna
have her own little playdate huh look at
cute you are
like cute you are you are so cute
do you know that do you know cute you
are huh you're so beautiful and you're
so cute and you're my little baby girl
huh
well baby girl are you waving you were
even she hates his car seat we've also
we've weighed a lasya to make to see and
she actually is over the weight because
you remember we put a last amelia in a
forward-facing car seat when she was
like i don't know six or seven ones I
don't know whatever whenever she hit the
weight trash holes you know cuz she was
so much bigger but alas he's so much
smaller less he is one next month and
she just is like what is it like a kilo
or something over the weight that she
needs to be forward facing huh so you
can go on a for it because I know that
all love if they're all sitting together
facing each other they'd have so much
fun they'd have so much fun so we're
gonna have to order you want and you can
be forward-facing to and everyone can be
forward facing and we can all forwardly
face each other huh yeah
what a cute but for now I need my finger
I need finger for now my friend
unfortunately you must look at this not
as not as exciting is this oh the kids
are fine that's it just gonna drop this
child off no the kids are gone
all right let me in
is it that who's that where are you
hello hello hello
burn in the night sky a brightly shine
now all the walls asleep
but the leaves in the woodland always by
their eyes to the words running so Dee
the tree and my lashes first so late
he loved toddlers she was like she said
cute she wanted to share nails and hide
her fun bullshit really shares a really
nice day
she ate all the things she liked ate so
a banana chip sucky it means I got sand
it's got bananas I melted if you got
then she's drunk it's but she had two
bits of food then and then she just I
know so that was a really funny guess
his back
guess his back back once again for the
renegade masters oh my god okay done got
it if you've recently subscribed to our
videos over the last couple of days well
we're at orange you may or may not
realize but there is six little monsters
that live with us there are monsters
Oh sometimes that kind of monster the
monster ask
oh yeah what exactly is going on here
young man huh certainly feels like it's
growing its prey
okay who wants to get in oh fishy Friday
it's a deserted but you're watching us
on a Friday Oh
it all just made sense it all just
shines oh thanks
oh we're gonna so we're having some
fishy Friday's without some vegetables
and you've got some disco flickering
light going on right now and then guys
we're gonna check out this movie I heard
about it so I looked it up I think it
might be good you guys wanna check it
out - it's on Amazon and it's called
happy deathday
it's from the guys that did the purge
and get out and split and suffer out
which retreat amazing Phillips so we're
gonna watch that and it's gonna be
amazing
hope so hope so cost 12 pounds better be
better be worth 12 pounds right what
we're gonna get out of here
take your night last yeah good night
Vanessa or Anna growing up a last year
good night Oh
