you see the camera hello everybody hello
everybody all right
this is an experiment guys this may be
the biggest liveblog fail ever but this
may be the greatest vlog ever we're
doing this on data we're not and we're
not doing this on Wi-Fi so it's an
experiment yeah we're all in the car and
we're on our way out and I thought we
could do a fun car video you can anakin
see all you can see all the time
comments and stuff over there well yank
is with us as well
a newbies is here Bianca's yeah Bianca's
freaking out because she teaches going
to the vet
this might dramatically end at some
point when that unit falls off the car
or the Wi-Fi cuts are the data thing
cuts out but until then guys are we
ready are you ready for the best fort
best livestream of your life can't
really see very well guys just at us now
so Anna
no awesome questions their lives we'll
have some chat try and read I am
only 29 so much it is better you don't
have to have glasses in front of your
eyes I just see hearts and highs and wat
donkey hearts how are you fine dog is
not be easily read for danger read for
teacher being the truth is already a
pain jeez jeez the program hey I also
like say thank you to everybody who was
standing up for us in the comments of
yesterday's I don't know why but
yesterday's video for some reason people
were being like picky about like
everything like sometimes you get videos
that go up and everyone's like yeah
holding hands and raw like mates and
then every now and again you get these
vlogs to go out there and like everyone
just like picks on everything but I saw
a lot of you guys like standing up for
us and stuff so I appreciate that thank
you very much
Simon Simon Simon hello family
buongiorno I love Australia fellowship
on the Bobby might oh my god being she's
so auntie you would think oh look they
got new coats as well I don't know if
you can see but they're both like
Newsies coat is like fur lined it's got
like a little strap here that makes any
2012 in the air these bring my amiga
that is my brother's name now you should
go to chicken time can we go to chicken
time guys do you want to sing - Bianca
Navy's up do you know - Bianca Navy's up
yeah I just came this morning it's a
thing
I like she's singing it are you singing
oh what a bit Bianca Navy okay going on
an adventure friends you want a banana
okay why's it smell of petrol broken the
car again why do you have your heating
up so much anything
well it's up on like a petrol leaking
maybe it's I hope so I know I screwed
period why don't you go we do car
karaoke guys I mean you know what song
are we gonna sing
a vivo what if MTV Bebo but ever being
back in 2012 in the early spring me my
only guy had a fling the mask
fear is part from the burrow or 30 me
down on the other hand with don't worry
what they know they'd be so cool that's
all wrong is it yeah oh
Christmas is over guys it's officially
over to take him down to Christmas sign
you don't even know the words to your
own song that's terrible what it or is
it well it's not me dad was born in a
flurry we're certain my dad spirit ah
she's from the parole officer said media
was born in this suit in a flurry yeah
my guys fierce pops from the borough of
Surrey play it back okay rewind this
vlog and see what he's fighting 2012 in
the early spring me now and me die that
effect in flames
my dad fierce flash from the borough of
a Surrey my MA on the other hand a fiery
flurry yeah a slurry Surrey and slurry
yeah that is one dip with me deal with
me what's that go what is her coffee
drinkers are different enemies because
they walk around like they own the
streets in a different call you know
stats and graphs you were hired you're
fired not a man at all how did it begin
though it began like
you are now in as a baby or baby Amelia
and that way baby boy do we need to do
one with you we do need to do one waited
wardo do you know why it's because Albie
and Cena were so used to being taken
everywhere yeah
and these guys aren't in this place not
actually quite touch it's like look at
her she's like I give of X I'm taking
the connection we're actually driving
class the bats right now you don't want
any more what am I supposed to do with
them you know we're actually odd a
period of the pregnancy the honors and
said a while ago that she actually went
into labor
Oh at this early on her third child and
we were joking si but then I got these
pains yesterday we were like oh my
goodness you imagine he went into labor
you know what if you're hungry you can
wait for ya oh it's got a blind eat
prepare protect your eyes oh this thing
here no no the castles up here what are
you doing do you see the stock trying to
pay thank you Oh
on my arm trying to get out of the cart
yeah it's me oh good yeah oh yeah you
better say thank you no thank you
oh sorry thank you
once hurry are we thinking ahead 100
guys what do you think Howie's do we go
here
I've never been here before you wanna
sing newbies huh what's new be some
weirdo what's new be song
pick up a princess new visa de fire nice
things and she might stay she's a little
bit snappy but it's okay cuz she's so
cute in her special away leave us
comments and let us know did you enjoy
our car vlogs it was a bit of a fail I
have no idea I don't even know alright
guys we are in the fire so I hope this
worked I'll see you guys I'll see you
guys in a few hours for ciccone Jolie
it was anime episode he's napping
episode multiple parties and fun stuff
alright goodbye friend say goodbye to
everybody that's not impressed yes no
wait wait wait wait wait bye guys see
you tomorrow or later on today
