hello welcome to the 19th birthday of
the best year of your life not a snoring
hey I think so I think you swim
beautifully so you join us on a cold
morning isn't it wired over there
comedians on the way to school
I'm trying just wardo for my run Amelia
how do you think a nice reformed
I've been trusted we're out there
picking this one let's fish oh nice
Carol that's it
hello what Sun cream oh thank you come
here thank you you're hungry mister yeah
hey do you want to come with mommy and
daddy somewhere
oh my goodness go away say Thank You
Becky
Oh who wants to go daddy's new car oh
well then be a good girl and it might
happen
are you worried that his rocket ship
flying through the sky on a rocket ship
with Daddy on Eduardo oh well catch it
goodie any boy too careful that out once
or over are you go there I need to get
your car seat it's in one of our cars
our driveway could be confused for a
Land Rover dealership understandably and
nearly every model of Land Rover
available in the stores today
what oh yeah you can
let's bring this guy up here look at
this experience in media you've got a
center console you've got a massage
reclining seat I don't think you're
appreciating it a little bit differently
all the climbing steep out what through
a climbing seat what will you put your
feet in
that's just doing stuff from their
salespeople I know we've got TVs like r1
oh you're happy here
- where's is this one is like a la
marseillaise' lala-lulu
my ear is preaching who tweet chick
trying to show it order - Pikachu yellow
see in the window our dough is that this
is that this Pikachu that meat is in
school and we are having for some
breakfast I'd wonder what he wants to go
to Bill's again we're trying to convince
them to go to coast
now we're talking should we just go to
go without telling him but then you
might have melt them I think it might do
you think so
so someone's phone is ringing sorry
lightly oh did your phone ringing check
oh hello yeah it's kind of like those
yeah they got crossbones I think
I know how much you love my eyes I see
the baby that was so joined eat for
breakfast table I think you might want
to plan a sunrise not my partl Omar the
whole mommy's always had you make mommy
happy nature okay Oh what
keep in hand or I put it in the basket
then we're done
high-five hit and then punch it punch it
punch it
high-five it boom and then shake switch
fine
punch versus you're supposed to dress
hanging india and breathing it's like
such a weirdo wearing a pregnancy
jumpsuit high-tops
Nike high-top sport jacket I just feel
like I'm going like not seeing but like
skiing / just got a bed flash going to
labor absolutely that's a little crew
going for today guys okay seeing flash
boy into labor / dawn my baby brain is
so bad let my car won't even start sit
here for a minute 20 minutes
to go look at it okay come on let me
honey the back yet so we're the first
ones to look at it whoa yeah guess who's
back back again tell a friend she's back
again so did you have fun on school
today on Thursday with turf a good day
of school yeah did you play with all
your friends yeah we haven't updated you
who should receive a new best friend
who's your best friend who's your
current best friend these are important
videos in media cuz later on when you're
when you're older you can look back on
them what's your favorite thing to do in
school
Thank You girl I like that pad pad hmm
hey pepper
Hey so when Eduardo Souto is in your
school are you going to look after him
yeah even look in the window and um and
take care of him
no no cause he's in your old email
but very shortly he's going to be
joining your new school and you're his
big sister so you have to look out for
him in the playground if you see him in
the playground you gonna be like your
what's up bro you know you got teaching
the wave is there is there is there a
lot of gang violence in your school
don't do it don't do it I know you
really want to do hello hey hello
look she's good I miss nale turned me
into a snail oh I don't even know what
I'm feeling because I can't see anything
hello yes filming I think yes I miss
Audie so over there okay I ll oh yeah
I'm not real boy what where is everybody
it is everybody
look at them Christ think it look like
baby Johnson let's have one of them
instead of a baby
Oh much like it give birth to one of
them they're so cute oh when they get
groomed honestly like you all the time
healthy people when they when the
puppies get rooms they just are like
next-level cuteness I've narrowed up
with the squeaky toy I bet all the dogs
watching this is Johnson Bell you're
Lucy gave this to him as a joke and
Eduardo uses it and he actually annoys
the crap out of me because he's like
walking around the house yeah walking
around the house like ringing this Bell
and I'm like do they I'm horribly good
taste one on camera right now
and open this for me so we have 100 not
like a kid named like a grown up
look this is all like this week's
organic soil Luke is from need to open
my dollars on food I just didn't maybe
it needs to like pull it open like I
don't have another hand I want to drink
something now okay I'm like dining here
at a bruschetta planet in California it
was close men to crew
kanna-chan our crews say it like seven
o'clock no matter where we go guys look
at it it looks like the least minus one
you can have Marshall it up bliss here
so we tend hoping like you've emerged
from a bowl Oh
push your life it look good really good
really do keep you watching
i order to load more mmm already so we
always time our next time dad Chinna
Chiaki the CHEO ones are definitely
nicer personally do you guarantee
they'll fill you up conserve fat protein
mental you know that means would you
want a little bit note I get but
actually okay uh-huh
lentil I actually like the other ones
that we need to get somebody got so
angry with me in the one Aon pay for I
know what you need to do we say point
into it you're over Albie this is your
honor I said you don't let glass don't
recommend when I scratching Oh control
factors holiday look it isn't it well
out how Jonathan honestly good thing I
was talking cuz if I wasn't blogging he
probably would have knows me to it
murdered a dog Xena
I think steena feels very protective
over her brood so Linda chin what you do
mean it's know what I security from
Daniel I know I waiting lay on the bed
stable then lay on the doctors table and
I'm going to blow you from down here so
you have like 25 kids living on it aha
yes Niner
oh great I can go there guys oh yeah
better yet remove all your makeup get
back
I've been laid out and I would love my
friendly cookie - valiant ogres terrible
carrion goodbye friends thank you for
watching the 19th best day of the best
life that you live see you tomorrow
season amazing
yeah
Oh
