this is it guys finally here finally and
I know has calm even to our house poor
because it's a too bad I think hmm this
is going to be your bedroom
oh my goodness you got a back window
lots of life there is an upstairs this
our new house
hello and welcome to the eighth birthday
young your life kanessa when you haven't
breakfast a minute and bacon and riaj
and gates what do you have we approve
item we always have have a piece of
fruit in the morning first yeah you do
want to fruit no I don't work well you
don't have to have dates wardo that's
yes I don't like what's going on here oh
let's go down here now I look like a
coin house guys everyone get a pace map
that includes you get a face mask taking
place by some back to the stair
transport oh I was like done in there
nothing on one car naked my axle Brett
so that is July and it will give us a
good time leather leggins
where'd you want the carnation much
thank you
the little address the carnation left
this is the prize map that everyone
fights over
why does it go - you're not coming -
yeah so me Eduardo Amelia has that later
on today okay so are you doing some
washing up
he didn't clean up well
but if the kids don't have missed this
is this is what we say there's a reason
why just stuff here totally recommend it
it's made by moment it's it's before
they get the miss you give this little
spray on them but their parents to work
with me like we think she has yet to get
them no I'm not putting on the air is
usually an immediate what you get to
wear today new butterfly shoe day
Oh everyone loves new shoes it's very
very icy and cold today friends crunchy
oh my goodness it was frozen solid
exciting news today there's a new car
coming dawn said it's all of it ready
love the sound of the v8 in the morning
the good old petrol D a five-litre
supercharged when Joe is bored who
doesn't like to have a look at our new
house our new house guys we haven't got
the roof on it yet or don't look spooky
oh my goodness
this is it guys finally here finally in
our new has come into a head toward hmm
this is going to be your bedroom this is
going to be your bedroom here oh my
goodness you got a back window oh that's
so nice isn't it do you want to come and
live in his house let's have a look at
the outside we get we need to get a full
view of the outside lots of life huh
there's an upstairs there is an upstairs
huh
you are you do you want to climb up
there you don't want to try them up
there yeah there you go right
my new house Wow good job
don't jump in
I think so we are lost somewhere in the
mountains of theory or daunting or
wherever the hell we are
while we're looking for very exciting
place lands totally abandoned minish
we're planning on doing something fun
well I don't know what it'd be fun I
think it's fun but it's also a challenge
and ultimate challenge guys be you guys
the are ultimate challenge is actually
defined where we're going with everybody
and looking for the adventure center
before you know we're going this time
you go over the virgins room life okay
guys I think we're actually doing the
assault chords they're in our cars
oh my god it's a good eye over there oh
and Apollo
oh it's very military wait oh my god
that was the guy you stroke behind me
was that
okay guys so what we're planning on
doing in the next month or two
probably like March or so I had this
plan to create a cool event like a tough
mother kind of idea like an assault
course thing so I thought really fun
instead of doing like a meet-up range
like that this year I was like let's
create an event an event where you guys
can come and we can all like train
together with and stuff of that so we
found this place which is like an
assault course I took mother it's like a
tough father it's like mud stuff
everywhere so you're coming in today to
try and like try and see if this is
suitable but at how much fun would this
be you guys how much going to be Eduardo
it'd be like such a fun day I'll let you
sell in inside in 100 but I would have
like a barbeque we like you can have
like competitions and prizes and all
types of stuff
I think you so much fun in commenting
that would be a fun thing to do guys one
thing and we are home and it was just
finishing his lunch I had a quick lunch
because we are on our way to Eduardo
stay and play for school what guys get
ready get steady and check out this
monster oh oh my goodness I have keys
for this thing I have keys for this
monster so that's my current Range Rover
Sport supercharged and now we have a
Range Rover this is not just a Range
Rover light ladies and gentlemen this is
an SV autobiography oh this is a serious
machine okay and now I need to do some
it arrives while I was out so I'm parked
behind it all like acting smells like a
leather
oh look back there oh oh that's I don't
want to drive this thing I want to sit
in here so these are cleaning shoes
right it's look it's not even like a -
is it less with lost two seats oh my
goodness does it is saying this is how
to be chauffeured does that remote
control for the TV yeah it is oh my
goodness
would you what is this a long-wheelbase
one anyway it's a five-litre
supercharged petrol oh and this
luxurious oh my goodness right let me
move my car dad it away first
there's a magical floating speedometer
right here hahaha this is so cool oh my
goodness
we're here at school my stamp a right
that's the wrong car Keith trying to
walk the wrong car jeepers let's go in
there
Amelia I have some very important
questions ask you what are you ready
okay
do you prefer superheroes or princesses
princesses
okay okay do you prefer Rapunzel or
Cinderella returns oh oh do you prefer
The Little Mermaid
a real or Beauty and the Beast Ariel
Ariel okay
do you prefer sleeping beauty or Elsa
other times missing anything
oh I can smell something good up up my
favorite they are they that's it the
ship sighs boy that answered and and and
awards my my my favorite trick yet well
she's my best friend listen though I do
i oh really if you could only bring one
friends as with you who would it be one
princess on a desert island forever
which one and every Oh Elsa Ariel I said
one that's two if that if your if your
daddy was a princess who would you want
it to be cuz I'm dancin
you want your daddy to be Pocahontas
that what if your daddy could be any
superhero who would it be Cupid
Superman no
Oh what does I have he flies he puts one
fist out are you going to look after
guardo one mommy and daddy on date night
you're in charge okay okay you have to
give him a shower and then you don't
have to wash his hair read them a book
and put them to bed and then read
yourself a book and put yourself to bed
is it a deal
Emil deal go watch online couples that
wear the same shoes together stay
together so annoying what huh quick it
is to Mikey hi choppy things are better
so better not how the Jean issue and
then eyes okay here's our differences
they have the thing on the side but
their keys are very similar it's the
other science the next time you some
have been like you think come in sir oh
haha
we've never parked over the side of town
before oh you know you got there going
let's just showing you Oh what am I
suppose on my fav restaurants in Reigate
this isn't a bad place is this one here
boy necessary state has oh so good what
brand-new burger joint just opened up
and driven by a few times before let's
check that at speed of kind of cruel
parents who wear matching shoes on a
Wednesday night and go to a burger joint
that's easier panting well they are the
list is pajama neck
Oh
keep on the Khans on right by
thank you know it's real guys thank you
guys because of fragile istic I'm not
going to crack down a no way I'm not
going to geek we go to giggling all the
time what fret is no press like oh we
get people oh my goodness I want this
picture look at that is so cool thing is
cool oh I'm like what Arkan has in it we
can go there if you want but it's just a
gift secret hi
Marilyn yeah now didn't feeling it in
bitterness who recently went to the
Taiwan last week and then giggling it
tie it again that's like where we get
takeout all the time from press no test
okay
fine you want to go to pret oh we're
gonna make you happy
that folks is how you make a marriage
work sacrifice as long as the husband's
willing to sacrifice everything he wants
in life
okay so we obviously ended up in Reza -
G - Oh Jo Jo lo I went yellow and I
comprised and I got this thing which
I've never in my life
ordered a pork belly but it looks like a
pastry is it a pastry this is what I
rinsed it on with torn between this guy
and this guy and now I'm having that I'm
that like French food Envy when your
friend ordered something that you're
thinking up and then you're thinking
like on the way you have something
better than me there you go y'all
awesome
maybe that's for the baby maybe they
nail that one looks epic oh I like
meatballs
anyway let me see what this little thing
is oh oh oh she oh oh my goodness guys
guys we're sitting here right we're
looking at 2009 videos that we used to
make I meet you I kind of have a little
reaction to but then I think you know
what you should do but you should get a
load of videos and really airy videos
that we film and even videos the one
even talks to Tony's always like before
sunrise the correlative TV stuff that we
would have gone on on this channel you
know and it's just like great we're just
having a stupid laugh and it's a bit of
stuffing he's gone over our 10 year on
youtube so the videos are like
mortifying which I think you could
definitely not to send a video up Albie
with two eyes and it was that it was
nearly 40 10 which means like there was
only a couple of days before he lost his
eye or Nicky fraction has always wanted
it one of our biggest regrets though we
had a channel called slightest benefits
of cyclically CD and I'm a satellite and
it was like daily blog to wheelie
together and I've like I try to youtube
and they've gotten pushing
they checked all their servers they just
can't get them back
now we're discuss my computer's running
on making we still have those computers
maybe we can get the box they'll be like
Patrick you have love who is the day we
find every day we brought I'll be sort
of bad and then he turned and he had got
coma and then after a movie I brought
him back to the surgery and everything
to me you got truck your uncle says snow
team which and I treasure LG's in the
car with me and I drove back to Dublin
limit directly anyway leave us let me
know in a comment should we do a
reactive
Oh
