baby I'm together we hear me when I
hello and welcome to the 17th best day
of the best year of your life and this
morning you join us on a cold brisk walk
to school this morning also play abroad
Eduardo stroller because I do not want
to carry the man the little fella he
likes to be carried and we figured out
that has just given I can make them walk
and they learn in a public area max you
make them go in the scooter
but then Aloni end up carrying him and
the scooter this way hopefully I don't
end up trying the stroller house it
water this morning who you enjoying your
stroller you going to stroll in your
shoulder huh whoa Wow also I decided to
try something different today guys right
I decided to try and track these foot
look it's missing huh no can you see
that it's actually twisting so it's not
just jeans so the whole Jean theory is
that the window so it's not just jeans
it's everything I need a new leg guys my
left leg is broken its defunct it's made
wrong or something it shocks my parents
about that I find a solution guys if you
pull your clothes up far enough it
doesn't twist we're breaking yeah look
at the moon rise to the moon lucky moon
is following us that's cool huh
so wore this coat for the first
seriously
this is a fresh chocolate wear this coat
for the first time yesterday all shop
and go sounds like a canted I told her
maybe a teacher because I got so annoyed
of him I was actually on the vlog but he
on the end of it here because I like
reading
Oh yesterday yeah haven't added up
footage s well edit out okay anyway so I
told immediate teacher this morning and
she was like does he want to move well I
thought maybe what do you think it was a
bad thing and then I said to him how
would you feel if I called you account
he was like you're a Sigma I look like
Trekkie Lars would be like exactly why I
like accountants I wore discover the
first time yesterday brought the kids
the dog to the vet Travon oh yeah a
hundred and five white hairs all over my
coat and I dogs don't shed because they
were being like psychopath member or the
green a sort of biting yeah she's poison
when does Cena ever played like as
inviting our coats not lighting our skin
or anything that would be a bit really
strange are they tasty cookies no like
you you know that their orders from here
yeah dream committee I always kept in
watermelon was yeah kids eaten excuse me
I can't I can't hurt right here boy go
good train walk
did you now you always get the toilet
here don't you all the time behind you
isn't it water behind you look at it
there this is why toes uh-huh that one
there
Oh character boutique collectivity so we
can be carried every every every geeks
okay by the train when the road I saw it
happen
yeah you can revert represented the
truck knocked it over and then didn't
bother putting it back are you gonna put
about yeah ah bless Jonathan's a model
I'm a model so it was creation there's a
Christmas tree in the road like I think
the right thing to do will be moving a
Viking man here oh hi just the good
member of society
mommy shark dudududu me sharks baby
shark there digit is to do daddy charter
fitted incident we're going on a
conference call right now with Eduardo
it would seem because there's so much of
a condemned so this is going to be fun
working for business for a while okay hi
Eduardo's here as well Eduardo's first
conference call on his eyes hi hey
awesome winter which is what we're in
right now
spring okay
what is a spring my season spring spring
comes after winter so we're in winter
now and then it's going to change into
spring and you'll see all the flowers
coming up and like it's Easter time and
there's mommy's young babies and chicks
yes that's when that's near when the
baby's being born I didn't know behind
you do okay so we're at the swimming
pool right now we're going to go and do
some swimming you excited to media what
do you know a misconception I'm not sure
if it's a misconception but I always
hear people talking about in the
comments of how old they are how young
they are or how old our viewers are how
young our viewers are or what age and
like oh my goodness I must be so older
oh my goodness I must be so young so I
have decided guys to share with you
today some information okay so what I've
done is I went to the analytics of my
YouTube channel and I have pulled the
demographics of age this is for the last
like another less a year I think it's
about year 19 yeah we'll call it a year
and this is basically who you guys are
welcome to yourself this is basically
what's behind the scene don't ignore all
this malarkey darkies here but this is
basically what it looks like it subsea
Photoshop when it looks like stretches
pull events will he go look so the
turkey into 17 year olds I don't know
what that means but look the biggest age
group watching our videos is 18 to 24
year olds the second to that is 25 to 34
oh my goodness I'm even head so that's
my age group there guys
that's my age group there that's Ana's
age group there but yeah and there's a
first second third fourth fifth six does
my mom
well there yeah there you go and what's
kind of interesting it's such a it's
such a crazy diverse group but look at
it this is boys whoop there's the boys
team so 18 to 24 and the boys 25 to 35
so the biggest boy demographic is 25 to
35 year old husbands and boyfriends that
are forced to watch Taccone toys and
eighteen to twenty fours and then 35 to
4 orders me oh I'm in a popular group
yeah okay there's no 65 real men
watching us and there's hardly any and
teenage boys watching us what's up with
that lads but it's not interesting to
know to leave comments of which age
group you guys are in it's so diverse
though isn't it like look at this that's
just crazy guys you cut off here like
look at that look at that so between the
ages of 13 and 44 so once you have a
jazz group is going joys um you know
cooking 244 year-olds watch us it's
crazy
oh my goodness immediate worthy all
righty
oh my goodness guys and Melia have some
very interesting news hmm Wow talking
through them excuse me are you pregnant
again what have I told you are getting
pregnant on a school night you can't get
pregnant on a school night
well alright choke taught me to your new
shoes pick them up and model them yeah
okay whoa so that's that's try them on
you got to try them on a Muslim for me
whoo you're like a sparkly cowgirl need
one yeah these are your school ones
Oh Sophia Webster mini-you Sophia
Webster hmm
we got high few of them don't bend
decider let me help you here
Oh marbling impression
oh you need a microphone your wife your
wife you're pregnant
Wow Wow okay Eduardo also got new shoes
ooh excuse oh yes you say what stuff oh
let's see the summer you can go to your
rule now yeah now you have the right
shoes to go to Google what are like this
did you see it what also me your baby
fellow your baby fellows ah you guys
always love each other so much we never
we never fake haha he a boy was never
broken your heart someday some guy
Amelia
some boy he's gonna break your heart
Yeah right oh your job will be to beat a
boy up all right
oh don't beat daddy up beat the boy of
the recha sister's heart don't go
breakin the media's are what oh my
goodness I'll get them over there like
if you're on over
yeah hello hello don't fight over them
kinda know what that it looks like given
me we give a media go no no guys they're
real they're real they're not a toy
No so I'm making dinner in this cuisine
art grill sandwich machine
toasting machine which has proved itself
to be pretty amazing it makes everything
you can make rocks in there keeping up
the sauce sandwiches all kinds really
Albie not like seriously our sandwiches
like everything what else did we do in
there recently that was like really
mayonnaise
no there was something else that we did
I can't remember it was your baby please
anyway okay so it's due time now and I
think we shall ready I hope now this is
a feast a mighty mighty pee everywhere
though people have seen what with you it
looks really good
chop it open and Finance that's really
good Oh yours yours is completely
different to mine I know I don't like
secondhand food is that free dance
2-bedroom this is what we do it nice
time we just pause this drop bus is what
we do at nighttime we Spotify Little Mix
or the kids doing the shower and then we
can we dance like crazy people come on
mister it's brushing teeth time what for
you one jump ready Oh
are we ready first put your hand there
go down there look Edoardo Ponti setting
me up because it'll be make a really
cute picture
ah you do interest Ava's I love it on
here missing me man I love it oh all
right
now wait wait for me what are you what
are you doing nothing for and watch come
with me no I'm not coming like you what
is that you pointed toys in there
alright let's go young lady
okay don't bump the jump
bump bump alright goodnight media hello
and welcome to you Anna and Jonathan
recommend evening television shows
we are currently watching this show
thank you paint
it's actually really good guys very good
this it's very good this is very good
this is very good disability wait
Niki be totally recommended what do you
think at a 10 ooh I think six is high is
there it's written by Walter wife no
malcolm in the middle' said whatever his
name is in real life
Nina it's really good and these guys are
amazing China Sea oh my goodness
what here sorry chia seed
they're like free from like everything
what actually was really nice I really
was when I try to mostly concerned they
wouldn't actually be really nice turned
out like crying on top they love you
they love you
she's even Greer became then you guys
remember Marv Lee no don't think in like
three or four years ago to the Yorkie
that would like what
always come to our houses and hang out
with us and then when we moved when we
bought like a ton of food for him and
then we put it in our garden
so he could eat it like Porto Marty I
don't want to say because we might have
sent him Cena Cena near Milan affair
obviously annoyed them but yeah anyway
notorious ass that's the story of sneaky
P that's our recommendation friends
right now get on the CCP box set lets
binge it together I'll see you later
thanks for watching this video
say goodbye
