hello and welcome to the 50 best day I
get deep breath take a deep breath okay
let's go ahh
love you and why no love you something's
trying to cheer him up
he's not real unhappy long is okay
actually we've kind of been like talking
him up to it
like you know just preparing him it's
not dog how do you like that mom most
people don't like this little dog why I
actually like it we didn't do the walk
this morning so we ended up being really
so it's about half past eight now and I
can't I still can't get over this mix
thing I'm like panicking nails but thing
is I've been wearing my hair up quite a
lot so I'm hoping I got away with it
um but you are supposed to treat the
whole family so oh friend of mine told
me that she had knit like the whole
family did for week can you imagine that
like weeks and they couldn't get rid of
it and like so the mom like my friends
have it and she has well yeah she's got
long hair it's not like really long but
it's not as long as mine so I'm like oh
my god the longer the hair the worse I
think
thing that's how it works yeah cuz
that's why boys like shake their heads
and stuff we've got work out today so
that's why I'm dressed in my gym gear
getting so big and oh yeah by the way
the kids did not like my brand news last
night
so vegans you've got a lot to answer for
okay because I didn't work on my kids
you need to go up with a better recipe
but I think they just like the regular
time they're used to the buttery
deliciousness that I usually make and so
they were just like you know what's this
and and they didn't like the walnuts but
having said that I
I tried them last night I had one last
night I thought it was amazing I thought
it was really good like it it was more
like a loaf cake than a brandy I will
say that wasn't very gooey it wasn't
like my normal brownies that are really
unhealthy for you but really good and
but I really liked it and I kind of
thought it was nice but like I'm not
going to eat the whole platter
Soto who is going to help me eat them
this is why I don't bake remember how
yesterday in the vlog I was like oh I
really miss baking so I'm going to do
something now I remember why I stopped
is because nobody ever like finishes I
don't have a big enough family yet I
need my kids to be older and like do you
know what I mean yeah I need my kids to
be older and I need more people we have
more kids and then I can bake and
hopefully there's one kid in there that
actually likes what I made
this is Macy's training process right
here
chocolate chocolate brownie ha the
Warlow chocolate brownie not really how
freezing out that are healthy nothing
yeah made from scratch I know every
ingredient that's in it I use organic
flour but you have one before your
workout as well yeah but every night
pretty healthy for you like you like
judging each other for light know you've
got nothing wrong right now I I think I
think I am trying to talk I bet you wipe
it what I like sleeping my way
I don't think Nitin awesome that's why I
thought why I think you really ago just
tired and up this morning
look we'll do it we'll do it anyway
there's no harm in doing it
she's playing do you think I'm fine like
to do its what wait one here so you just
combed the scalp
you mean they run up and down your whole
hair well if you put it in here then you
can say : all out right
what about challenge causes hair but I
like that was it different there's
anything there I didn't see anything I
think you have dandruff
I think you have dandruff no I don't
just great-looking hair remember a head
and shoulders eyes hey do you have
dandruff no just great-looking hair look
I've seen it away why did you just no
luck where yeah where poisoning there's
one yeah
it's a bit of done just like it scalp
dry scalp me no that's what I was
thinking with anemia - yeah another four
more while I check to meet is more look
more like dry scalp then little
creatures running around no it wouldn't
look like anything running around so
she's okay yeah but they wouldn't be
flaky like that that's thin they be
little white balls I'm so hang right now
oh no problem oh shut up after work at
training lunch go on going over here to
there now am i filming now yeah might as
well try me miss I'll try to get this
build up like a champ
okay
it widens excellent school did you apply
in school today you didn't have fun in
school today
why didn't you have fun you were crying
even let me to go out mmm but you
normally go to school nobody now it's
only a little bit school fun though
isn't it yes it is I heard you were
blowing bubbles and you ate all your
lunch
did you eat all your lunch yes you did
yes you did this sir what you wanna come
with Daddy a little adventure yeah all
right mister we need to find the shop we
got a parking spot
who's the good party flowers miss we
have to go rent a couple of times
because there was a tree trying to find
a good one now it is waning open
slippers on here
yeah really pop me pop all right eating
here
and then I'm going to use my oral fluid
oh well calling me hold on a second do
you want do you want to get the Nick
stuff or see now it's fine we have to
get it from the chemist or you can get
it from the hairdresser's kids parents
they're good toilet you I can get it
after this oh nice so I have to get a
dresser after clicking yeah I am a
dresser
right that's for garnet I give you I
don't like you I'm just little filming
Lassalle thank you
all right okay I mean yeah okay bye hi
lovey oh just browsing the oil and just
mommy's at home well you know hate you
want to come with me a country media
from Thule do a pass-off ceodore where
you off to come on Oh Zee of this are
gonna hit the wall huh huh oh geez up oh
my goodness look what I got fire mode on
our sheep
alright see in a few minutes left I know
cuz I need to be right here you know you
may now enter the back oh all right all
right
I might go everybody
oh no no we get them all they do it they
like being a pack go let's go everybody
go miss Tyler bugs quick one two three
four five six so I keep going you never
picked Bianca throat barking pull the
sign they did not anything now and so
even though nice to say probably
dropping food education ah ha ha so
Nevaeh having the time of her life up
here kidding she's the queen can you
clean it castle
today's also got some colonies over here
so everybody was fine about all the
vaccinations papers like an idiot
doesn't even think like idiot but both
of us were working almost forgot about
this appointment and then I was like oh
crap we need to bring the dogs and then
just literally run out of like put their
harnesses on then run out the door so my
mind is in another way new resident of
neighbors was really good the vet was
like okay open walking and knock you
thing up because they don't dance but
like every time you went to check this
oh I never invest in you he's just like
whereas all the other dogs are like
Bow Wow Wow why do I have some very
serious questions ask you do you like
princesses or do you like superheroes
ah superheroes
okay do you like spider-man or Superman
um he's not Superman
okay do you like Batman or the Joker
that's my Batman
okay okay you're the good is good okay
do you like Captain America or the flash
Captain America okay alright okay hold
on
do you like Iron Man or the Incredible
Hulk keep shaking lower case well The
Incredible Hulk is a bit naughty and
when he gets naughty he turns into a big
green monster now uh or Iron Man was fun
oh he has cool cars oh dear oh man okay
- I don't watch out Eduardo really
important next question next question I
have another question I have another
question what is your favorite music mmm
- yeah
secret potion from Little Mix oh yeah oh
okay
Eduardo another important question would
you rather a house a Fiat Punto or a
Ferrari 488 did you know a Ferrari or a
Fiat no okay
it's very naughty Oh a Ferrari can be
naughty
okey dokey no no no it would be parked
up now
Ferrari is a car Oh Priory the car or
Fiat the car which one hey candy Marek
Ferrari yeah good choice because I
thought I was gonna have to disown you
there okay okay
BMW or mercy days um oh okay okay okay
okay
Range Rover or looks like the Range
Rover mercy days thank you I think he
just likes a mercy days okay okay okay
evoke or defender oh your rugged man
he's a rugged man he broke it man ah did
you get look at this alley he got Chloe
tower so do we
I don't know if you can see it can you
see it yeah look at that you just come
into the light ah your head didn't let
anyway messin with his sister okay we're
going to turn it off in a second when we
get a book if you want to read it what
was your honor
oh here's that here's the open question
would you rather read a book or watch an
iPad oh nice
let's get out of here get outta here
after wrong
