oh whoa whoa yeah that wasn't crazy
what look at us I have no idea if you
get it this is coming out video but as
mental hello and welcome to the 15th
your birthday best life of the best year
of the day Sunday morning is pancake
morning friends we have eaten healthy
for an entire week and now we will be
rewarded when a giant pancake with
lashings of Nutella
oh now after a week quietly any sugar
sup she looks at me with this
disillusioned face and I like a regime
of massively reduced sugar massively
reduced caffeine all your what any food
in there for me and your pancakes he's
eaten all the pancake and as Han takes
over here and it's a pancake maker
photographic evidence
do you like that word oh did you eat any
chocolate could you eat any chocolate
Eduardo how are we feeling everybody
showing that to that your baby's coming
today your two ladies you're having
twins and you're having a baby and
they're both coming today
mm-hmm I can feel that I can't get
what's this yeah give it a big push give
it a big push
Wow
whoa Oh wipe the blood off sir you had a
fish and you had a tiger a cat you he
had a fish in the cast are you guys
ready for mommy baby are you going to
come to the hospital and deliver mommy's
baby for us you know that was same as a
ton of money will you be our OB
consultant who wants to be the
controlling one of you can be the
Midwife and one of you can meet a
consultant she wants the job what you
want to be you wanna be a midwife or
controller
yeah I'll giving it away Oh Cinderella
um I don't know if we needed a
Cinderella on our birthing team and you
just get ready
Tuesday's two babies okay all right it
may be I'm at the next pain I want you
to give it a big push
Oh Peter up wait I authorize you cancel
the Navy there there's your first baby
you can't pull your old baby out hey did
okay his baby appears to have a giant
head don't be alarmed strong eyes this
morning where Joe commands but it's
probably need to pack our hospital bike
isn't that crazy liking the hospital
do not tell me you're pregnant again
Edgar I have to hold on a half-track me
wait a second Patrick give Eduardo a
baby first we warn us a poo baby part is
having a poo baby 1 2 this is the
t-shirt we challenge 3 4 5 6 7 hold on
hold on 7 8
although we can get more give me more
give me more 809 and hold on I am
everytime 10 we got
okay for today's live stream guys we've
decided we're Shanna's gonna have the
baby at the next game is it happening
again
he's trying to catch up with her she did
five your knee on your turd she took out
my fourth if you can hear fine yeah we
didn't oh yes Joe does Ike eat you yeah
- sorry my cleanest when a moving
painting let me cheat about it be like
monkeys do you have Tina in the future
at all thank you company oh it's just
like Nevaeh there she needs your bow is
so lucky
alright it's hard on tricky
so we're doing a newlywed quiz thing you
might have already watched all that
focus you might have already watched the
live stream but this is we're creating
it right now so he's five years too late
five years till a newlywed --is-- it's
fine yeah six this year
Wow Wow yes like this is our tenth year
together 2017 2007 we met this we met a
decade ago we spent a decade together of
our lives together
how mad is that like guys any shorter I
don't see a short though you feel short
and then you remember how long it is
like we've been blogging for work this
year we're going to go on to our seventh
year of consecutive logging yeah
therefore being aware is up there for it
that's him that's when you know it feels
much longer come outside you know baby
she does wanna go peepee oh come on
right
he went to reverse mode
today dear peepees clump what are you
doing why you got Balinese let's drop
pollinating ahead you see it right there
I know if you guys can see that look
right there this is the path to the kids
had for dinner yesterday ended up right
there in your head
do you feel the baby can you yes thank
you if you keep in your media it why did
you try I'm trying to play well don't
press too far no no it's fine she's
saying hello Puerto put your hand on see
if you can feel the baby I'm still don't
squish our guys it can I feel a little
bit yeah
no no it is no big G if you can see guys
you can talk to her Melia you can say
hello so she gets used to your voice and
then when she comes out you'll know your
voice what you want to tell her you can
tell her anything
yes ah I do a present oh she just kicked
here Oh his hair pull the hairs media
who pull the hairs let me have a go baby
oh wow their movements are really big
now you try to put your hands where
daddy's hand is no no you're not gonna
feel anything through my ad put your
hand down here this grumble did you get
its crumble I put your hands put your
hand in here why to put your hand here
wow you place you oh are you going to
share your toys with the baby
maybe she's a nice person
three I or maybe she's a girl that only
likes boy toys
no wonder family
are you I'm going to share my toys I'm
going to share my wife and I'm going to
share my children play lucky golly the
things now how they are but look it's
not matter they all went away last time
you didn't you don't have the line this
time a little bit yeah a little bit but
not as dramatic as last few times when
you looking for the baby's present oh I
don't know why this were no doesn't mole
freckle do you know that she you know
that she might have a present for you
and you
she might be shopping online right now
you got why he's got signal in there
you'll probably order stuff for you she
might never present for you are you
coming visit hospital she'll have
presents for you do you remember Eduardo
gave you a present of a chocolate Oreo
when he wore anything my belly oh whoa
whoa yeah that was crazy
what look at that I have no idea if you
get it if this is coming out in video
but that's mental that was the biggest
move nice crazy what
oh this is what's come on I don't even
know what to call this guys but I just
invented this lunch
it's pick up all of baked beans fresh
salmon on milky white breast and then
three pieces of cheese I never know what
to call this a disincentive were you
having you having some cheese please
with some near not having cheese you're
definitely not eating cheese no are you
definitely not eating - I mean are you
pregnant again
every time I turn around you're pregnant
for goodness sake would you ever stop
getting pregnant for five seconds since
but is your mother
some baking brownies they're actually
going to be vegan brownies so all my
vegan Peaks that they're going to be so
happy I actually like vegan baked since
it's like this and they're quite tasty
you know and I just thought I would make
some things that didn't have dairy in it
because number one we don't have i know
eggs aren't technically dairy but we
don't have any eggs number one and
number two I wanted Jonathan to be able
to enjoy it as well
number three I wanted to do something
that was kind of like healthy all the
ingredients that I used are generally
quite healthy milk at Biola organic
stuff even like the castor sugar I get
is like gold and organic castor sugar
and I get organic flour and all that
kind stuff so I wanted to make something
for the kids for their pudding that they
would like but that was still like lady
healthy so I found this recipe for G
brownie hmm because walnuts in it it's
got maple syrup actually supposed to be
a ghave nectar but I don't have any of
that and I think it's going to be good
and I use like a vegan dairy-free butter
so that's what this is in here sighs I
think it's ready let's see how this
turns out I'm so scared the first time I
ever make this recipe looks pretty good
though guys I did not expect it to turn
out so good
so I'm just sauteing some onions and
some oil it should be white onion but we
only have red so now we're going to add
in the tomato all over my shoes just as
you can tell I'm not a professional I
have to give me credit for that okay
looks wise I think I get it kind of
I'm just preparing something really
horrible let's mine I think I gotta tell
every time what how does this thing work
here is it on you did recording is it
yes
okay now he's under to get the guns
again you forgot to end the video
experience for you so I've gotta step in
here howl and the lava constantly create
something beautiful you bidet in my me
beings inner the scene it is a beautiful
thing
anyway hope you enjoyed the video
did you see the baby it was nice
fantastic anyway goodbye
leave the likes and the comments and the
subscription and I'll see you again the
ribbon is who
