good morning and welcome to baby the
baby right here if anyone's interested
in what's happening guys right
ah girls that's what the girls do this
is what the boys do we teamed you
prepare wardo boys team of girls in all
right oh yeah why not you you are only
on your own you're somebody fart girls
are thinkI boys are Winky so Eduardo one
one part alpha bite
get your paws out of there and then one
part chocolate start and the media ones
just chocolates guys get your heinie in
here you're on it what oh yeah but first
we're going to breakfast okay I will I
will I will definitely do that
definitely not do that guys we've been
living in a tent for three years and
we've only just realized there was a
cover on the actual proper life leather
look doesn't like no no no this was a
bit of melting something oh yeah three
years later ha just about to leave oh
look guys look I'm wearing my youtube
track see what I'm editing
the car
do not back into place you have
insurance on this is so unfair
it's starting to rain rise put some
throw in the back
what do you push this down push that
down Mar no yeah and no media press what
pushed in and hold it one there we go
now you got it
now you gotta watch me going though at
the same time don't crush the car okay
wait to pay attention will you page a
check off oh I don't know maybe I
shouldn't have told you about Robert why
joy so unfair dice Wayne to bring them
out okay it's getting really heavy now
so unfair only postagens Oh like a vine
I can make all the difference in the
world
because this madman
it is madman figure to do them oh this
is like the best thing I ever bought
imagine the other baby in the back oh oh
oh okay so now it is like proper rating
but I want you to kids activities out I
guess we're playing at in the garden in
doraid in the trunk not your head around
arrangement a lot for or ahead is going
to get it could be in all a situation
because look pretty all day situation me
so yeah oh boy that's a nice oh did you
see that
Edouard is first burners the things you
do for kids like playing in the rain and
snow when you know where to go when
you're feeling like you're part of you
with Justin okay this is the scenario
friends the kids need lunch he's
blushing Wayne I don't feel like going
anywhere
I don't want deliveries and lunch
because it's going to take too long or
or something we could go to the dry tear
myself but that's really bad and then it
would undo anything it up we don't know
that's you guys so I'm thinking bagels
or fish finger sandwiches multigrain
whole wheat organic fish finger
advantages just to take the fun out of
it
no white bread fish fingers and urges
and a giant tub of ice cream
hmm hello right in the flag where are
you are you in the freezer in the
freezer there freezin oh they're
watching Instagram
okay I think Rafi ha so I am in bed it's
about one o'clock one o'clock I'm in bed
I did get up today however I did not get
dressed I did not brush my teeth
and I did not put makeup on or do
anything do my hair anything I just feel
like this this week's been quite crazy
but I feel like this weekend everything
to kind of like I feel like I've hit a
wall and I'm just so exhausted and it's
not even from like doing anything in
particular it's just like mental
exhaustion and also physical from like
being pregnant obviously but you know
what I mean like when you just feel like
well I think it's because I'm in the
third trimester now this case we have
caught heartburn as well and everything
is just so much more difficult and so
much more tiring and you just feel like
a slug that's what I feel like I feel
like it doesn't matter if I do nothing
all day I well not that I am doing
nothing all day but you know what I mean
like a day like today where I actually
haven't really done anything but I still
feel like I've run a marathon and they I
haven't I've just been here it's just me
I mean I just clean the kitchen to that
camp as an activity oh you're not the
kids but ripped everything out of the
media's wardrobe and drawers this
morning and then it wardo proceeded to
flush some of those clothes down the
toilet
along with toilet roll so you know that
kind of takes a lot out of you when you
have to scream at your children for like
40 minutes or ever long it took yeah
that was not a good start to the weekend
but you know those things boys I've
discovered are a lot harder work for me
anyway some people have it the other way
around because I know because I've
spoken from other month to other months
and like they say it's the opposite for
them for me if this is just the way it's
gone like Amelia's really really
what's that word conscientious not hey
like she doesn't do things to upset
people or to up she never wants to let
her parents down and that kind of thing
but it Y was just
there he just does whatever he wants and
he doesn't think about the circum
circumstances the consequences whereas
she does so hmm excuse me um yeah that's
what I've discovered also boys I've also
discovered are like somebody said this
to me today day a camera who it was who
was it that said it to me
was it a mom or somebody at the school
or someone said to me they were like
dogs or dogs boys are like dogs you have
to physically to like take them for a
walk and it's so true you have to like
burn off their energy and like you have
to kind of put activities into plan or
into place for them to do to burn off
the energy whereas girls will just sit
there and read a book or sit there in
color or sit there and have quiet time
with you it's just so different anyway
these are the things I've learned from
having one of each but then having
another girl I'm just curious to see how
that's going to go because she's going
to be in Aries like Eduardo so they're
going to be very close in like not just
a star like in terms of like when they
were born like there were their
birthdays and stuff I don't know if that
will make a difference to her character
or if they will be very similar in that
way or so or if she'll be very like
Amelia I really don't know it's kind of
like cool to think about and like to see
what happens basically because I don't
know what way it's going to go I kind of
hoping she's my cami Nia I don't think I
could cope with another child throws
clothes down the toilet
do you know when I Disneyland's when
you're at like dinner and they bring
like these like cakes that have like
sparklers coming at them well I bought a
cake that's kind of like that it's not
this neon put it okay
I don't speak French anything well on
the website said it's sparkles and stuff
but there's so many instructions or
anything so I've set it up downstairs
yeah I have a safety gate put around it
alright you ready guys
sitting your table city your chairs no
no no here they had all of their dinner
we were sneaking the order dad bills
much it oh we have this thing it won't
burn the house down guys okay you ready
Oh
you
there was work I didn't uh I didn't
Sparkle
I wasn't is that you are heating it is
it tasty chopped carrot and chocolate in
this husband I was imagining part of a
sparkling situation oh okay no favors
you're no fun
where's the where's the chocolate cake
oh my gosh what's happened okay
haha
