oh this by a connection now no not again
no no no it's gone away it's gone away
we're live I'll make you be we're here
thank you
let me turn off that hide the chat hello
and welcome I'm reading the news today
there we gave everyone a few minutes to
take your seats today we're doing good
reveal a challenge we believe we're
talking this morning and we am we have
been looking at those you think you've
seen that with so many hands
ok so we have been we've being like
together in a relationship for a decade
like 10 years pyjamas vibes it's all
business down on top these comments if
you like me to be nice Oh make it trend
worldwide not wearing Queenie's every
day for rest of my life yes dude don't
know he's taking there he's wearing 17
bows ok ok so today we are doing a
newlywed quiz I know we're not new ed
were together for the last 10 years but
we've decided we're going to do we're
going to ask each other five questions
each that is what's it like well a wild
card ok for the last and 10 years that
we've been together these questions are
anything we need about 10 years
first off leave your comments tune it
right now tweet your comments right now
who you think is gonna win this
let's go over to the phone lines I think
you might win because you have
you have a ridiculous memory but my fear
is that like sure I'm not gonna remember
things using actually explained you
alive so I can actually find him an
opening today's livestream I won't get
hit by a ball all right let's see um
Jemma Hutchins says Anna Ali says I
Sarah Maynard says she's Anna Anna put a
win I was going to win Annie says Danny
says I'm just gonna win okay what's
going on why is everyone saying I'm sure
our YouTube practices Gianna Jonathan
team at our TV yeah I think Jonathan
will win Aoife let's start naked okay
I'm never tweeting you again Megan let's
start okay let's start again
all right moving over all right here we
go guys he goes first
bring paper-rock-scissors this is a
one-time paper that looks differently
it's one time we're gonna do one two
tree show all right ready
ready 1 2 3 show question 1
yet we've also written the answers here
so I can show you the answers afterwards
there is no cheating name the first car
I bought I bought not that owners that
we got in court so when we were together
living in court I bought a car our man
Alfre male 1 5 6
I left it yes it was a tea sparklabs
that was a fun see out for a mayo
magnate alpha male 1 5 6 congratulations
1.2 Anna wait a little pointer waiting
okay what was our first fight of it
after we became a couple into that a
thing but I think it was about the
muffin or we a color like the Kit Kats
yeah oh yeah yeah it escalated it
started off with the muffin inside the
door yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm finna do a
kid got hey cat spider the better kick
cat food my first bite of an autistic
pony was the bad food I realize okay
here we go
what was the name of my first ever
YouTube video on the 50 v zakone even
had to build an iris no my fault how to
build an Irish snowball yeah Erica's in
that video well done you're crushing it
so we got one no one's going wrong yet
okay what did you buy me for my 21st
birthday
Oh No
I bought you so many bloody no no no you
know I Chloe Paddington yeah yeah I was
in the university that killed me
Paddington bike that is when I should
have realized
get out now Jonathan this is going to be
an expensive relationship
I still happen I know I know you know
it's a bit worn no question tree walk
warm my housemates names chorus man Joe
and looks pretty keep this chick
and Bernie Bernie and Joe good job no
one's going wrong yet
oh this one while you wait you actually
might not name all of our houses / Wow I
was gonna I was gonna do so many Carlo
name all of our houses / flats together
so like in order to name the address
okay just we have names the flat body no
okay so you have to start oh okay
alright was Munich I know so Munich I
put and let Munich question myself well
we live and we moved to Dublin Castle
Street no we forgot my entire university
so we went from Munich no yeah we're
we're in Wilson which meant my not yours
first time Ciara is Munich
then where's Munich to Bournemouth yes
right no one is gonna just I would just
can't mean it cuz it was only eight
weeks okay okay okay so warmest yeah
then London which yeah and
Jokke darlin and then jacobs yeah on top
of the other one where no excuse me
okay let's see lovely Irish princess
Jacobs to Monroeville no Middleton
Jacobsen Middleton to Mounties to Mary's
we've been together ten years this is
the longest Beverly oh my god oh my
goodness no why our anniversary our 10
years dating officially is June June
this year yeah but we don't move nine
times yeah we need to move again if it's
no if you can't mean it
it's 9:00 Oh Munich makes at 9:00 yeah
you stayed over a lot Milton uh we
didn't number four what was my favorite
item of clothing in you in university no
no if I told you dancer you'd be like oh
my god I Tony is this straight being
hoodie
okay you wanna hit know when I first met
you no no no no no I said immunity that
was from where what I rode is our buddy
Jerry jacks yeah I wore that every day I
lived in that thing I'd love to get that
fine
it was like a black hoodie that had like
all right what were our wedding favors
it's a little sweet allons
yeah do you know what their falls you
know your hands what you keep queuing
back up again oh yeah
confetti is the thing you trouble okay
Joe Melia erectus all right what was my
Bebo account username digital artist Oh
what there's something in front of that
3d yeah that matters made right though
Wow the only one how many dimensions
were of those specifically involved in
my day TV was I foot worthy what was
mine your name yeah I was late leave oh
my why is it a cool one I was like this
edgy student
you're like those people I'm like get
the crime like the you know the 100
in what's it called Criminal Minds yeah
it's the girl you're like you're not
versus speak to me honey bun yeah okay
this is really hard I have to use
beautiful for this I don't wasn't there
it's not like funny getting name the
longitude and latitude of our first date
no can you name all the hotels eat steak
in Sorrento
wowsers name them yeah okay okay
try and remember let's gallery let's go
to Franco very excited for the first
time what years Wow mm and Wow our
Naples is not what I tell you it's gonna
be oh just been robbed
yeah the first day we flew in which
Piven
I got off the plane I went up to customs
handed in my passport realize that be
dropped I got robbed I was beating the
customs lion so now we know money and
then we have to get the bus remember
nuts I was like oh ha I always have to
go back to ATM the bus was good even
with you you guy already driving about I
couldn't get on the bus okay but what
hotel come on
so we got to leisure center
what the hell no one knows that hotel it
had a pool on the roof no it wasn't even
in Sorrento who's up the mountain
somewhere oh man this is the one hotel
aside from one other I actually remember
the name because I felt like we said it
so many times because they were getting
who are getting on what's in everything
Francesco Francesco ah oh god no I
recommend your Francesca I recommend it
go
no it wasn't crap it was just crap that
we had to go we're miles away and then
we went down to the Bellevue for one
night but we were so like afraid yeah I
know we went doesn't mean I wouldn't not
as a wedding night but the next morning
we just got up and left me to get
breakfast in bed you do anything like
yeah we sit like you know it's just your
best but yeah fresh galley and Brenda
it's quick check-in Mariam and it's
really it's quite it's a really good
budget one you got it yeah you know
there's a pool on the roof you can seek
a quarry and HG and everything
beat me dance and then okay so then
we'll so we stayed in my belly wore one
five minutes then the next year we came
back we stayed in the one opposite
David's ice cream parlor do you remember
the name what's that cause no way
I slipped up on my nose like gives you
first letter and Marketo - Mac oh it was
a shortening Marco no mucus something no
something else
matches marques he was like that one I
try my chai has MA GI yeah yeah that was
good no those are your pregnant yeah
it's a good one for like couples mmm
yeah no was it and next year we came
back honestly you know all the things
that ever stand that was probably one of
the nicest the one
you wonder why I can see yeah why are
you tomorrow
come here yeah I could not remember the
name of the hotel premier when I chose
red Asselin yeah yeah and the housemaid
was really nice remember they're like ya
know Grand Hotel de la ville good I'm
gonna be okay
those were elevator party started oh
yeah it was okay
no no what that hold that that was two
weeks like that whole holiday we had a
media next year then will you get me
when to the Bellevue I didn't value I
never went in about three years
so we've literally been going back every
single year
Wow since our wedding yeah it's crazy
cuz it's five French SQL oh my China
house Grand Hotel de Ville feel about
you
we could almost be like poor guys mr.
and go see anyway today expanding our
horizon yeah this year we won't bore
this vendor just to change things oh yes
what are you chasing you are you with us
all you couldn't you do any well friends
did you know
oh there you are today join say hello
no it's up here look it's up here say
goodbye
mommy's got one more question for me
yeah don't don't you dare do to me it's
so funny how you bet yeah push you want
the best babe right
dude I be saving and they kept like
abusing you okay question question
question time okay question when have
you found me the most attractive when do
I just say now what you say now wait
what is the answer I can't read okay I'm
backwards I can't see
you find mommy most attractive the train
you lose you got strong and fit and
you're healthy in your mind and your
body and you're confident in your and
you felt when you're good about yourself
and that came off and it makes you more
attractive than strong not right now
well no obviously right now let's treat
you though I think that's you like
nothing man you were strong in your mind
and your body and everything put this on
the duardo friends so we will go okay
let me just show everyone what you're
wearing
okay okay so smartos wearing this little
Tinkerbell top then you put a pirate on
top of that and then okay let's go
before this cos at all
alright let's go
careful are you taller than everybody
else are you say goodbye to your friends
bye alright bye friends we're gonna go
thanks for watching our live Shane I'll
see you guys later for the vlog later oh
my goodness
vlog later is ridiculous I meant to do a
sparkle fun cake thing and it just went
insane
