oh yes oh and welcome to the turkey day
of the Bechet okay I love today friendly
school has been canceled
no flow your iPad is working mister yeah
the media is charging right now oh my
goodness
how exciting in the year it's the first
time in media has ever been off school
due to snow it's very exciting
yeah until it is are you jumping guys oh
my goodness we're choosing to do in your
snow day okay what are you doing Joe
please don't pull it no no not a good
idea not a good idea not a good now look
the doggies are cross that you monkey
stairs though it's not actually like
that snowy but as there is ice all over
the roads and everything it roads like
this this kind of stuff for there snows
melted and turns into ice wait away how
much fun is that fortunately I have some
meetings this morning I wanted to just
take the kids out in their little
tractor so I'm going to go chart to
track the batteries now and then go and
do some boring work who invented work
fools fools I can deal with that later
on clip if you can and you're putting
things to that look what are the Bears
but then later we'll go ask and we'll
play in this you know you know trackball
okay so dig in here Francesca's here
isn't here and look at these presidents
we got from YouTube I've seen other
people just that one for that one well
look at that one
oh he's got my hairline nice well I read
what you pushy wonder what he got those
pictures you know I've seen these on our
booth videos but I haven't clicked on
them I saw Joe and coward Joe and after
your video victim but I didn't click it
does anyone know what it is so we're
going to open it and see what's inside
the open yeah yeah what's wrong oh wait
right let's get pan what color time see
you want wardo blue mark okay first we
need to go get pants then why don't you
open robot over there as we know it came
from a huge whoo yeah click on it click
on the video
whoo the box is Velveteen okay ready
Amelia you ready to see what this is
ready
Oh YouTube no way lucky to the dita
stretchy oh sure let's load it to a
properly the Coney Joel is closed with a
Vivian and the YouTube team not that it
is just to clarify oligos opinion you
have to spin from youtube and look a
Jonin
oh no way it's like a proper full Adidas
tracksuit didn't we got some thinking to
do
oh my god I need to run out officially
whoa okay this is what went you
mentioned that already that's high and
with your anxiety what do you think's in
this one me Nia and I know we go find
out another one because mommy's one ooh
mommy got the stitches as well mommy got
an Emma one are they all sixteen what
numbers lower one oh maybe that's right
yeah so last year Oh today oh it's cured
oh and I can marry adidas though like
that's epic
I don't even own a detective thanks
YouTube oh so now we have to go get the
children presents because I know I gave
Francesco presents and I want to take my
old present now everyone needs the
present okay um one of these is full of
stuff this one here oh my god it's
snowing again sighs look at you our dogs
usually white but in the snow didn't
look quite at all right little polar
bear you hear that those feet cut your
lung
come on guys that's the green spread
come on
guys look what I just got
and De Pere what excuse me interviewer
what I've got such bad hearts can you
say by the way but I just got in the
peel box I'm so excited
ok so you know that I like bare minerals
makeup I wear a pair minerals makeup on
my face now I actually just did a video
on my best of 2016 like the best beauty
products of 2016 so go check that out
that will be live on my channel and it
will look on up yesterday for you guys
but I've not really tried their lip
products that much I've tried the Moxie
lipsticks and I think that is very
minerals I'm not only short I can't
actually really I don't really know but
I got this in the p.o box from bare
minerals check this out so this big box
came it says Jen nude by bare minerals
ah look at this folks of nude
deliciousness so it's all these lip
glosses
these are matte liquid lip glosses
butter cream lip glosses Oh under over
lip liner lipstick and it's all nudes so
look at these names as well these are
like the nicest names ever cookie what
else - are like a cookie sugar kitty
heartbreaker smooch honey bun on the god
I love those names oh and I just tried
on or not tight on I just put on
lipstick like recently but now I'm kind
of contemplating taking it all off and
just trying all of these out I mean I'm
just so in love I kind of wish that I
wish that Erika had been here when I got
this because she loves all these dark
nudes like the real like Kylie Jenner
kind of nice almost like an lanky
these news and they really suit her I
already wear that kind of stuff
but I definitely could have shared this
with her I probably so well but you know
how I so excited nude lips is like my
fav I never wear anything other than
Udrih and like people always get annoyed
at me in my videos being like to detour
different colors and I'm like I don't
want to just don't so happy with this
let me open it up good look at them I've
lined them all up just to see what it
would look like it looks absolutely
ridiculous but I think I've picked out
my favorite lipstick of them all it's
this one called baby and I just know by
looking at it because I bought so many
nude lipsticks in the past focus this
but this is the one guys bet you any
money this will be featuring in a
favorites video sometime soon
unless it's also on I I use it is really
awful but I somehow doubt it I'm so
excited so meet Eduardo Saucony Jolie
do builder by day glamor shoe model by
night Wow
Queen Elsa shoes I like what you've done
there you're breaking gender lines what
wow you're like you're like a cyrus
builder
are you guys come on
so time so we've been doing stuff dinner
family homework things and alike and
we're back we're back again okay ready
oh hell I wanted to Santa Bronco don't
want my phone down
today's adventure starts in great l-3
today if then tells birthday happy
birthday very here's the trick mrs. elf
thanks mom
first our husband do doorbell me and
then oneself there's to see humans
who'd you think it no one it's Holly the
fairy princess
hi Holly says then you're only for my
party I get both your car okay focus
couldn't keep long and mommy
well let me a birthday card super cute
quick how is magic one twinkle and the
paper should be listen to the air
meanwhile nanny plum is helping King
little Maddie go to a magic spell to
make me more comfortable
suddenly everything grows oh my goodness
what help oh oh
no Holly yeah you
then one Saturday she got her most of
the participants up in a back up in a
hearty tower of a which is a very big
problem kitty
gulps nervously and rang the bell door
creaks open I'm saying olden River has
flooded out all this hair is taking over
my tower reach the weight I can't see a
thing it's affecting my work
I can't make any evil potion and I'm
sure it's lost my glasses in there
somewhere and we give this a good left
into the sky look at that light not
mental okay Oh freeze freeze freeze mr.
freeze look at the power of this torch
isn't it insane look at that light open
to the sky it's crazy isn't it this is
all so amazing torch right look at this
you know not only is it a torch not only
is it a torch but a power is your phone
it also has distinct in case your car
breaks down right it also has this thing
on the side here it's got like a side
light it's not amazing yeah hey my name
is Quincy McGinty and I'm actually
little just makes the videos for you now
movie last night I have to draw us in an
ad about the children - dad well you've
seen they started watching safe a show
called Silent Witness and they watched
thoughtfulness and they just forgot to
make any more video presentation for you
and I was very upset with Jonathan this
morning I did Oregon and it's absolutely
ridiculous again you cannot
let people down I'm I decided to take
matters in their hands out and make you
guys an exploration situation video
presentation mmm
really I hope you've enjoyed the video
please do do your due diligence and give
us a like button and then gives a
comment button and then there's a
description button and then do all the
buttons because I like when you do the
pattern say correct I make the video you
make the buttons ok tax our agreement
and plan ok thank you very much thank
you the rules
I must go now it's been an honor and a
pleasure good bye Oh
you
