it's Valentine's Day it's half 7:00 in
the morning since I'm gonna get mummy a
Valentine for them set up with daddy
so if you you want to see how you make a
Valentine present keep on watching I
hope you enjoyed this video bye got to
get ready
trying to film something if it didn't
print a card
surprise I was trying to film a little
fun thing and then I went at the other
door put it outside door and I told
Amelia to come out and get it came at
the door to pick it up but then it was
so heavy it by the time that the door
had gone around and closed we're all in
our pajamas and we're like trapped in
the corridor of the hotel
the donkey's ahead Oh we just
established that there's two little
girls and there's gonna be two little
boys yeah Oh mommy and daddy yeah that's
true Xena
Nevaeh knew the baby video oh and I'll
be it's five boys and seven girls gonna
be more girl club than boy club babe
elevator party there's no handle guys
there's no mirror right there you are
just bringing his bottom has a car down
and I got them all about and si carts hi
I made one really quick did you I
thought undecided beta is very nice okay
ready ready okay
soon just learn to run then you can be
involved mentioned having this data out
in your house every morning what I know
but that he wants to get some juice is
that he allowed what are you doing
you're just eating watermelon even eat
that banana is here
what's your dinner hands you think look
who has enough hair to put a bow in the
Camellia I know just a teeny bit teeny
bit she does a little bit she needs a
bit more hair yeah she once she just
ain't one of the broke she was faking
but how did she say no but now in the
bed she saying
I know you told me yes so good now is
that saying stuff like I'm saying yeah
just notarized she doesn't like it yeah
the fiddle Messer look at this little
Messer
she's obsessed with the door
oh that you're stuck all right go go go
go go come on and you pop okay
there's no way to cancel the Airbnb that
we rented because he was like prepaid
there's nothing we can do
so we've left there and now today is the
last day so I need to just check out
just the way we left it okay
oh good please put the key here the
other keys and I think it me me enough
Ricardo is everyone outside there I
think it's gonna be like sixty quid the
cancellous on top of the cost of the
place so we're like you know what let's
just bail so we've had this place for
the whole time we're here as well as the
hotel okay so the flowers like a Fran I
are being reused
everyone's getting to go on them we're
gonna give them the only we can't bring
them home anyway in the airplane so
we're gonna give oh my little surprise
or Oh me thank you
hey we're gonna do a hostel only is my
great
so see and my Ummah is actually just my
quick
so this is national
screener nice and sure she's got a piano
and some book says and
the radiator
he's a kind of some books in sensation
that's all around it all the way way
fair city where the girls are so pretty
oh my goodness is cold guys stick of
safe this is it's bouncing around
Eduardo okay okay okay the whole into
shaking how there's all my inside guys
taking photographs
we're going to some place called Oh mofo
yo mofos yo a deer a female deer ray a
drop of Golden Sun oh that's you gonna
start at the weather in Cork Galway just
sit here this one
look like it look like it'll last yeah I
decided not to bring the stroller
because it's a whole lot easier to walk
around just carrying last year they're
trying to traverse less stroller I'm so
glad we brought the travel stroller it's
way easier but see we're gonna have a
double story Oh guys it's gonna be
double issues isn't it trimmer i hittin
her one we had for Amelia Eduardo some
people come and he meant that Scott when
an am back though it's so cute yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah a little oh me all right
we're going into the shop here to see if
they have the great cat nap looks like
the kind of shop that would have the
great cat nap let's go and check well
they must have the great cat nap don't
order this way go bring it up to the man
but don't know join me beer happy I'm
sure you actually pay I think you just
leave it there maybe no thank you
Eduardo me change I love you yes I do
something about the boy I do yes
yes I do I love you yes I do
something about the boy I do yes I do
yes I do
been going crazy all likely something
about the boy crazy I need you I have to
help you just say goodbye to oh me and
all my all the Oh mio m'as I guess yeah
almost driving home home he's walking
home say goodbye to Alessi yeah you are
here he's sticking next time we come
back to be another one another one bites
the dust oh you know hope nosh I know
okay let's go I don't know bye bye
make sure it works
we've blown away your thing if you can't
have a bag now I know she has a pulley
nappy who needs change we are back at
the airport waiting for our flight
mommy has gone inside there's not
Alessia out somewhere around there are
you excited to get on the airplane where
your trunk he wants to go with all the
other bags I think it is better if bags
are gonna be lost to use your bags under
way home running in the way over but if
you lose your bags were over and away
home that would definitely be a bad
situation
so hopefully the bags now we've manually
done it ourselves today what he's doing
you are hilarious mate when traveling
it's okay to have chocolate cake all the
time I let Eduardo is new media it's
okay to have chocolate cake well it's
higher sookie now chocolate by the time
isn't it I think unless yeah ugly enough
unless yeah
Piersol like chocolate cake surprisingly
enough
the days in the shade of some big old
tree making daisy chains I'm watching
all the honeybees
last night underneath starry sky
every day somehow when you spend it with
me
so I'll call you
the rest of the gang made it off the
plane we are back and hopefully Amelia
do you think we're gonna get bikes this
time what do you think what do I think
I'm hoping so what did why did you think
we're gonna get bikes this time we've
got the trunk ease
you have the iPads in it you know that's
all that matters well as lashing rain I
didn't want to wait outside and rain it
did a little pretty come out here he's
pretty cut in the reflation no looking
for food
oh no well we did get the buggy so
that's the starch that's the start guys
where's the boogie guys
oh no it's wet I don't want the wet one
you see anything nice
just tell me
it's not looking good nice what do you
see money
oh my goodness release me release me no
mom you got a suitcase pray how exciting
sir KC's here where where no that's just
another one of our so what is that this
is Dan is it there is it there pull it
pull it off put it off come on come on
guys
