gender got an immediate access they can
appear needy
now God good morning friends and welcome
to the 11th best day of the best year of
your life
oh my goodness
I am Joanna and just got on the school
run with Amelia I decided to stay here
with me son of a gun
I'm having some apples apples and as
soon as we finish the Apple what you
began know not just from the picture a
panel chocolate or a crooked real you a
chocolate that really Aria we do not day
and I have a brief you see a car not
every OSH
that is always Orlando castrillo de
properly Maria so let's go over here is
this anyway woo my good one on my elbow
I've got elbow skills all right so this
is the chunk of brioche this is the
panel now mister you got a pick one what
do you want the brioche for the panel
life is full of hard choices yeah yeah
and this is panel chocolate but the
brioche has chocolate ooh don't be
confused
don't be sold by the words yeah ah yeah
basically it's a folded cross on yeah
yeah good choice good choice which one
do you guys want you common you want to
have riaj or you want to plan a
chocolate let me know in the comments
people Stanton and and and and and then
goodbye
we are come
where are you mister I'll get him okay
watch it looks great don't gets
questioned hello
no oh you gonna go inside and collect
Amelia for me while I wait in the car oh
my goodness oh my goodness oh darling
look at this creepy living today your
imperfect surprise comments we banned a
different that was he's got the
so immediately this was school today
we've just realized I think there's only
five doggies tell me everybody
Oh
what so what studies are there don't
think so much pause oh well commune
who's everyone in history oh Jesus
Jesus so he says daddy cuz he totally
I'm not happy enough to last because I
have like said well I'm usual you are
little and us got in the picture name
everybody oh yeah yeah yeah yeah movie
running up with Pat Murphy oh I see how
the two big you couldn't get him on the
page with this appear my name
Oh Amelia backward I get but I gotta
come here I don't I never did a really
good job
oh is that you Eduardo yeah do you
remember a media a long time ago when we
had the biggest bubble bath ever do you
remember that we're in a hotel in Galway
and we made a giant bow
rule number one of being on holidays
always eat a plum before bedtime
rule number two but always in half a
day's always overdo with the subs in the
back I have life on the floor tonight
back funk garlic mash children
we have some Johnson and Johnson's top
to toe baby back okay and we're going to
pour that in wait let's turn the water
on
okay hoarding this baby box is designed
to gently cleanse baby's delicate skin
and hair
do you have delicate skin on hair linkie
don't you monkeys oh yeah we're going to
make a giant bubble back dial with
bright and giant bubble by top to toe
baby bubble back are we ready let me
draw some it is proper in here alright
I'm like this Meletus reminds me when
I'm a baby please always you say Johnson
& Johnson's and no more tears purple
baby would you guys remember that when
she's a baby good memories okay I'll try
and catch you well I can't stand on one
step of cheating
oh alright hold on let me build a bad
guys are you ready for the greatest
robot you've ever had come in here and
let me see what you think what do you
think is it a greatest bubble that
you've ever had Italy oh my goodness
we're probably going to lose Eduardo in
here don't put more in Oh Oh No okay so
it's the best get even bubblier don't
like it but would you want to jump in
mr.
you are brilliant about and the little
one said roll path you chose possessed
you ate already
tapas are done daddy I hope guys
whatever you do do not put suds on daddy
don't push that into the Sun
hello well I doubt that's a media I hate
it
I gotta go when I grow up I can't see
very well can I just
Justin water
j√∏rgen as users under the bath and its
chemical and digital in its life come on
the air is dry grandma okay that
concludes the greatest bubble bath even
though the world was that the greatest
bowl of eyes in the world guys I'm
totally penny oh my goodness so let us
just plan for me to end up into all of
that
yeah oh okay what are you gonna do okay
don't go do that be careful something in
there Amelia so jump proper light in
ready Wow all right I'm Fatima business
all right it's never end never end glad
now pictures pictorial ouch ouch whoa
whoa whoa whoa vogue vogue all right how
does this working in you know a while oh
just a sad because how we do the old
blog pictures here whoa all right that's
gorgeous oh wait with you like this you
know II did not
okay no nickel cube on this one is a
fairy this one is a princess and that
one's the designated child minder hmm
all right good luck lads good luck mom
huh hmm
Ruffy yay yo-yo I haven't been on the
bog at all today we know what I've seen
it's really really tired like really
feeling this practice stage of the
pregnancy and literally all I wanted to
do it three I mean I haven't been
sleeping today actually but um that's
just how I feel you know like just so
tired and I did a workout with Lucy and
like during the workout I felt fine and
like I still feel fine
during the workout it was fine but then
it was afterwards when I could literally
climbed up the stairs after working out
I just felt like oh my god I want to
sleep for a year so we thought was what
I felt like and then I just didn't want
to do anything else that day um luckily
I had enough energy to edit and upload
my video and like edit my blog post on
all of that stuff but it literally took
that much enemy I feel like the third
trimesters like a whole different ball
game
but anyway that's why I have been absent
because I have been pretty much in my
bed for when I'm at Dawn's long being
asleep most being asleep we drool Thai
hmm it is kind of cute it trickle out in
the garden
like we think they look pretty clean
don't throw dirt on them yes I clean
good now look in there like nothing and
all that glory
oh hello he's not fragile bread and
olive oil is mine is more me you know I
was Brandon olive oil or like a focaccia
I was in Italian after time and I got
the old brown one
okay good girl I get a hand one bikini a
green tie and I went through well yeah
it looks like yellow see a perfect bone
apple tea - yeah
where is it I've never used about you in
here oh maybe I'll - oh there isn't one
is this the guys hi guys
can you see this he's so cute
or she apparently is like something to
say hello what's the mizuno I'm the
father Bugsy I know people hate them Oh
you
