hello and welcome to the ninth best day
of the best year of your life today on
ps-agui√© Jolie's we did a double school
run then we've got a drop Erica to the
airport and then we're collecting
another person from the airport
whoo don't know you're out of that town
you're not allowed no don't listen to
that lady she's spoiling all the fun and
then that is probably all turns other
things over we will work out with Lucy
in there my new ropes is you just can
you just keep the secret hey mister
double steal run doubles killer
so this morning in London all of the
Underground's are on strike it's going
to be a nightmare situation
I bet nobody in the office is going to
be in on time
it's gonna be a mess but luckily out
here we won't be affected by that so
much as the traffic is blocked why I
exist this is a Monday morning school
time so this morning I have text my
jeans into my socks we're going to give
it a trial guys see it makes a
difference to our toes protesting I'm
going to see if it makes a difference
and I have no twisty Jean I'm hoping
don't let me down guys
just a tiny bit longer when you have
your birthday which we've decided is
going to be George pig for a day George
pig birthday huh when you have that
birthday then you can start school okay
do you know for Amelia's third birthday
we went to a Peppa Pig world yeah was
that I was a German ghetto street it was
ghost second really no first birthday
was the one you did in our time have a
pig roast mm-hmm
the second one I hope a pig on the
turtle was the house party in the forum
was a frozen party yeah the third one
was the pink and gold one sorry why no
but yeah she's already
oh that's cuz your hats in front of your
eyes listen anyway I'm glad you've got a
theme in sore dead right oh that's a
good that's a good theme well does have
suggestions for things you could do at a
george pig not a peppa pig party at
george pig party yeah he said he wants
to Georgie cake yeah so gonna be little
more difficult because Peppa's easy okay
I think it'll be easy ready just happen
in blue or green pretty much just yeah
like it's have a pig but in blue colour
but I bought Oh
how pxt nice rhythm that's what I was
told
mmm off to it also I try this on to you
yeah right and then I sit on the
skateboard and you pull mean end road
that's my way me right we're making this
work oh you make MA yeah yeah this loads
so then that's it and then you can do
like you that's it and the further in
front you've got your feet then the
harder then you're working through the
chest it's loads you can do it and then
you can do reverse of that it's good you
can love it he's not that such a little
thing yeah I don't like some weird BDSM
dungeon thing now get the grip out
perfect and that do you think that's
strong enough there
so today instead of eating what I would
normally do after work hours I'd have a
cup of coffee and then like what it is
granola bars I ate an apple and some
peanuts and water 100 yo it's starting
like I'm starting to feel a little bit
more awake so I think I think it's like
the third day or maybe the fourth day
you start to come back I was talking
easy about it and I think aunt Susanna
could be the coffee which is even more
ya up a withdrawal and probably I told
you that that sugar I said that to you
cuz I was averaging four to five and now
I'm averaging two you know yeah I told
you that that it's like and then you
were like oh but why would people give
it off I was like because they don't
want to be reliant on some it's like me
it's being like predicted yeah unlike a
drug basically this is caffeine so
that's why like I completely stopped
like ages ago oh you're a hundred
percent no coffee no drinking and diet
coke even if we go out yeah there's
caffeine and it's bad for you anyway but
like I completely stopped I like never
get it now I don't have a latte as much
anymore either
yeah cuz I used to have at least like
I know I have to cuff two black coffees
a day yeah that's what I mean I try
sometimes to not do one in the afternoon
any harder if I've been doing it like
consistently for like a couple of days
and then all of a sudden cut it out I
always get a headache mmm no oh yeah I
don't get the headache I just got like
more like lightheaded more like just
meat but see you know that but it's like
yeah not to do that means this
continuous plate so Anna decided she
wants to show you all her makeup
collection for doing an honest Akoni
makeup collection tour you've got a lot
of brushes here
Wow these disordered you use one every
single day is I actually throw them away
every time I use is that what how it
works I don't wash my brushes like yeah
like what you wouldn't use only move on
yeah Justin Bieber with his underwear
exactly you're basically Justin Bieber I
like your collection here wow you're so
many oh we're doing this look at this
thing a Beauty Blender yeah it's for a
liquid foundation you put it on your
like you put the fin put the foundation
on that and then like top it into your
skin
Oh dabbing but I don't use liquid
anymore oh it is why do you have so many
brushes on it oh this is this right this
is Erica's uh her wall
yeah this is just your station you keep
for trying things on in your own station
this is crammed brushes this is a mr.
Krown himself my gosh I always thought
it was just like wouldn't make I just
get a makeup brush little did I know
like this I'll be like oh yeah that's
everything you'd ever need no you need a
spoon to use a spoolie yeah I do this is
a spoolie guys in case you know me I'm
nice eyebrows though I've bushy eyebrows
I'd use a spoolie or what's it
Delevingne who's that oh you'll know
Dale no but got a captain word oh it's
raining
all right you want to be a button
presser beat a button pressure nice have
you gotta pull the handle oh we are free
you're free from school did you have a
fun day in school right oh yes
did you have a fun day in school today
Eduardo it is look at that car
well that's cool isn't it no mommy's in
the car with Erica and easy hmm
are they drove me out Oh Melia still in
school Amelia's ballet today I see bunny
ish is here belly now yeah
so I'm heading out to get all of my
waxing done because I'm a hairy lady I'm
actually not but oh my god that was the
wrong angle hmm really not graceful
anyway yeah I'm getting waxed basically
my leg hair this is so weird
okay but when I was pregnant with
immediate stopped growing I not have not
said why do I totally expected the same
thing to happen and it didn't and this
time it happened again so it's totally
obviously a girl thing for me like when
I'm pregnant with girls I mean my leg
hair starts growing so I have you
haven't had my legs wet legs waxed since
probably like the summer night like it's
really crazy but um I'm getting them
done today and they barely need it
honestly but it's literally been this
like it's taken this long for me to have
to get it done again do you know what I
mean anyway so I better go before I'm
late
by day two back they have not
come on let them keep Neto don't be
come on
all right oh no can take a button one
ticket please
please use my have a ticket I got a
ticket I hate this car park more than
any other car park carport in the whole
world because this car car park
this car is so big can I park right here
I'll express pickup all right no Express
pickups
oi oi oi is the car part huh no goodness
what's forbidden car Oh Oh didn't close
you didn't close all right now level 2
everyone remember we're on level 1
you'll remember what you won't be here
level 1 I'll text you another recipe
thanks everyone
yes present present elevator party and
lift at your party elevator party and
also at the point ad I've tried with the
socks tucked in I've tried with the
sword
Schwarz up somebody suggested that maybe
the problem was because I had ripped
jeans these are non ripped jeans and
still still the same problem what are
you doing
wait what are you I'm trying to explain
my predicament in light ah ah ah and
it's only one leg it's only a left leg I
have left leg problems you have left leg
problems now it's anyway left leg oh
that's the problem that confuses me
she's super fast balls the funny thing
is you ever live in a different country
or you move country to where your family
are you come to the arrivals all of the
local airports so much I'm like here all
the time literally every few weeks I'm
here I'm taller than you now are you oh
you're the most tallest person in the
world who's calling me at this hour
oh look it's mom hello oh oh oh oh where
where where okay my mother just walked
past me didn't even notice me over there
come on let's go find grandma she's
right there she didn't even see didn't
even recognize her own son we're like
hello hello
no we're calling it everything because
you know why I I didn't know I was
waiting okay that's okay
you're old it's all dead yeah I know I
know no question husband I know are you
my packet I've seen this doesn't feel
right
before the bags welcome to Shannon
Airport
say goodbye there okay give her a cuddle
l'bri no you give her a slobbery kiss
did you it was magic to see you ah such
a long journey come here
goodbye come back soon mm-hmm all right
let's go find the car why were you going
you going to Ireland come here to me
come on I know but she has to go home
too oh man she has to go home to see oh
man did you not realize what we're doing
here the whole time did you only just
realize now don't cup in my oh my did
you just cover my face come on she's
gonna come back to you she said she'd
come back soon okay I promise but look
we've got a crown right here now yeah
gosh she not as good as Erika yeah well
I'm too old man we go back and get Erika
don't go on that it's going the wrong
way
you see
come on it's not gonna work
give you step on it watch whoa whoa come
on there we go again
more presents for you one for your daddy
me now when I was a child my mom used to
give me schoolbooks for Christmas so
this is probably a school book let me
check
oh it's a Jodie calendar yeah okay did
you buy us a Kony Jodie calendar once
you get how we lassi is this garnish
yeah
what did you get 100 she's trying to
convert us to Scotland media finger
puppets I'll tell you what daddy would
enjoy him finger puppet you need you
know any work that he would enjoy these
as well Johnathan Ali and she wanted in
the show for me
yeah that's like hot wheels with a lunch
or wardo look we launched it like this
you ready yeah yeah put it in honey put
it in there friends buddy whoa you do it
I'm the king whoa you gotta push the red
bit back push the red bit back did you
think I can push it in there now press
it cameras
oh hey huh I'm the Prince this is my
daddy
is there a princess around here Oh
