watch our YouTube channels and Saucony
Joanie's is the best and they're having
a baby girl so I'm up and watch the
channel under heavy the beta that's so
sweet
they're very nice and very sweet and the
mummy is gonna have a bag and they're so
excited and they're gonna meet them at
the hostel and it best oh sweet
hello and welcome to the eighth best day
of the best year of your life you join
us and laptop Club morning the breakfast
lap club club guardo's on the ben and
holly's
Amelia what do you watch it she doesn't
know and there's over here somewhere on
the phone look at this house or a happy
family of devices for the device family
hmm
are you watching mister there were four
in the bed and the little one said roll
over
you taking my spot mister so can I have
just so you understand look at the edge
look at this I'm like I basically off
the edge so we've been here since about
7 a.m. and I seen my boy
don't kicking people going kicking
people huh
anyway I hope your Sunday wasn't
glorious is mine
so the kids have figured something out
today if you dip your brush into your
fratty milk it tastes better is it
whoa and you get your mouth so frothy
wardo what's your secret
you're pretty Friday's follow me yeah it
looks like snow duckies no turkeys
Amelia's new favorite thing is to trow
things out the window specifically toys
this morning Queen outside has been
thrown out the window and I don't know
which window she true it out I think
that's my office there and that is the
the more favorited window we always find
all sorts of toys down here what I don't
see it here which means she might have
torn at the side window which means it
might be still on the roof which window
destroy at the window on the stairs
outside mommy and daddy's room yeah I
didn't like it you didn't like it
his Queen Elsa was this it one of those
toy ok duardo eduarda which toy ever
medias do you want to try at the window
which one a fish yeah you want to a fish
i doing no one for erica at the window
I can see it from here it's like a soft
toy one all right all the windows this
has to say sitting on it I'm gonna take
off the safety no stops it hits
I mean able to tour themselves at the
window there's my pancake legs
I got a happy by engage did you get a
happy one Erica you didn't get a happy
one a sad one when you flip it over and
really angry hood behind-the-scenes and
snapchat tada
it has returned prey friends I would
recommend not giving up junk food ever
or coffee I have reduced my junk food
intake and everything so much like I am
eating like the smallest tiny bit of
sugar and chocolate now I know about
saying generally my sister life but
that's like what nobody know because
night time is your antenna gets me
it's my night time like kind of like
watching TV at night it's the only real
time that I will eat lots and lots of
crap and then drink lots of coffee trade
today in the last few days I've got down
to like he guessed I had like two cups
of coffee that might be a lot for some
people for me that's like a very
massively reduced rate and then at
nighttime I didn't need like half a box
of celebrations and much like a bag of
crisps or something I mean I'm like
that's like three days now I haven't
done that and I'm finding myself like
really weak and like lightheaded and
like dizzy and just like all can feel
just feeling like just like
and the only the only saving grace is
I'm just eating lots of peanuts when I
feel like this and it picks me back up
and it's so crazy when you think about
how like I'm like a junkie in withdrawal
I literally am you don't mean I'm having
like cold turkey from sugar and it's
horrible
it gets a horrible withdrawal syndromes
like you just feel like I just had lots
of sugar right now I'll be on this false
high and it will just keep me happy
ah so either don't don't give up sweets
or be prepared okay I'm just caught up
with some questions were about to your
live stream and we've come up with a
really good idea to do sister versus
husband so Islands gonna come up with
ten questions about her and then myself
and Erica are going to go and have a
little competition and see who the
winner is who do you think is gonna win
you thing goin I don't know Erica's
known you longer
I do be fair now come on don't be like
oh yeah see if there is an already video
thing out there I'll be handy cuz I'd be
more fair anyway I think it's gonna be
funny this is literally my only saving
grace is eating these peanuts otherwise
I would be asleep all day long alright
the live stream is finished friends go
check it out and see who won the sister
versus husband Charlotte it's a Sunday
night glad all tonight get yourself back
on there how am I supposed to make a
video presentation situation if the lake
turns off and me anyway we got some
deliver ooh whoo look at these monkeys
look at the destruction no way they
cleaned up okay so I think amelia is
trying to clean up or she's no my
mistake
Amelia's putting the doggies to bed and
she's putting the doggies to bed
no papi deliciousness huh
so where did we actually go Carluccio's
I went for the chicken bum I always
think it looks like them should come on
seafood pasta yeah
like in the livestream kids obviously
yeah some sort of the penne situation
cop or something yeah so Erika if you
ever if you guys never on a date with
Erika
what did I call again calamari get her
some calamari then you can tell a
merrier huh
hello mister man huh now what's going on
are we on a cleanup mode are we and your
dinner's gonna be cold unless you clean
up fast
let's go around here my little son of a
gun my little son of a gun
what like a Dori hey Eduardo I read a
comment on a video that was really
really cool hold on let me show you it I
a hundred percent agree Jonathan needs a
sports car for him and Eduardo to have
boy time Ana class the greatest comment
I have ever received
today this is the story of little pea
mama pea and poverty little pea was a
happy little guy you'd like to do lots
of things he liked rolling down the
hills super fast
do you like rolling names no super fast
little piece very much like snuggling
with mama please a hearing stories about
what mama P was like when she was a
little P o if you want to go up strong
and be a strong P
you must eat your candy said Papa P
well yeah you don't finish your candy
then you cannot help dessert there's no
movie how many pieces of pizzas are do I
need to eat five pieces they said why
pieces one yep two three or five we say
good night to the Sun nine nine mr. son
poor mr. Sun don't like it though I like
this
it was one of those days friends but we
didn't really do that much but I really
wanted to spend a lot of time editing
yesterday's vlog the one about George so
I kind of spend like a lot of time
working on that today so it didn't do as
much blocking as they kind of didn't
really leave or do anything today
because I kind of really wanted to work
it out so sorry today's video is a
little bit crappy they love you
we're about to watch we're back to watch
some Vikings Ragnar Lodbrok there are no
spoilers actually if you guys haven't
iron up to date alright this is Season 4
episode 16 but they call it 6 cuz season
4 is in two parts anyway yeah then we're
just gonna chill here like Bill but guys
I cannot thank you so much though in the
first two hours and raise over ten
thousand pounds ten thousand pounds in
like two hours a little bit less than
two hours is incredible you guys are
amazing I'll leave the link down again
below this video so keep hitting it up
guys it's amazing it machen we can
actually hit that 100k goal for them
like they'll be incredible you guys
we're a good community we're good people
anyway we're getting out of your friends
Oh stay good bye
