hello and welcome to the seventh day of
the best year of your life
Amina's Wachtel Erica - castle yeah
have you seen the castle have you even
seen the castle you've never been to a
castle I'm the only one who's been to
the castle guys did we bring our
motorbike because this is a motorbike
walk we get thanked
when you guys have jeans and boots
because you see this foot here the Jean
keeps twisting look at the line and it
keeps getting worse and worse this one
nothing nothing
this one keeps twisting ah it's so
annoying so I tried look I rolled up the
Jean inside the boot C's I don't make a
difference yeah I don't know is the
answer how do you stop your jeans from a
and you stop your jeans from turning
when you're wearing them in Boots is it
an old king is it a fucking faggot
there is no you guys I've never
experienced this in my life the solution
what like me maybe maybe that's what I
think maybe I need to go and get to him
meaner were you going secret guys the
secret garden we I don't think we can go
in here wife uh I don't think we are
Amelia okay Amelia come on come on come
on
we're not letting give me are people
supposed to I don't think what's the
fourth yep this is no doubt this is
somebody's house okay I've just flipped
the screen over and I've just realized
how terrible my hair looks I was in the
shower and I conditioned it now it's off
Buffy hey guys look to your right look
to your right
what's that up there
where is this new world we're doing to
add a castle heads tor is it it is very
steep I wonder how do you get in here
we're in the castle oh wow
let it I think we're added akasha all
right we are at Williams also known as
the phils formerly we call him William
and I got something would you get
pumpkin Millie our pasta who do you know
you are no got some history hasn't it
yup - I wanted a cross on pushy all the
breakfast croissants are gone
Erika copied me except for you haven't
shipped I'm on your sweet potatoes and
the green goose they're much better much
better you should've a secret enterprise
like so much better they're better for
you and they taste better
it's like a win-win situations Gingka
good what's better
- are those protesting a little bit at
the cross on situation right fish
fingers hands reveals are like here they
stole my idea my fingers met with the
fish finger sandwich guys remember that
all those years back
look at this little champion are you a
champion Pierre you don't find avoid it
right
I'm falling the 22b fall in the toilet
you'll go down the drain and then you
wash up you wash over to friends do you
want to go to friends oh yeah we can go
to France but just not to the toilet
right here mister yeah now we got to put
a little Handy's in the water and we got
to get some of this stuff here okay you
ready can you reach Oh No alright hold
on - lift you up oh oh
alright go hands in order press the
button that's that thing in front of you
yes press that put your hand underneath
just where heaven
rub them together
now guys I'm just gonna warn you this
next little segment recording here is
going to upset some of you in a media's
class there's a little boy called George
and he is one day older than Amelia so
just before Christmas
poor little George was diagnosed with
cancer I think everyone in the school
was really affected by it because
everybody is in the media's class is the
same age as George and it really struck
home that this could happen to like any
one of us everybody at the moment is
thinking of different things they can do
to try and fundraise and to try and you
know try and do something for the family
so I thought you know what you guys
might be able to help us out so we're
gonna go we're gonna meet your chair now
and his family and I'm going to put a
link down below thank you he is feeling
a bit for new media so we're gonna leave
a link down below I'm saying all this
now because I don't really want to have
this like introductory conversation in
front of the family I know they're gonna
watch this video but I just don't want
to have that conversation in front of
them because it's very emotional motions
are very high guys but let's do what we
can okay links down below crush it guys
I know you can we are a big community
let's let's crush you guys all right
let's go
good way guys where's Amelia what guys
is a stormtrooper breaking to the wall
one nail down here is that what was
going on downstairs I get here two walls
crushing you're not jumping from Nereo
you know I got this for ya I do not jump
from there I did yeah I'm supposed to be
responsible parent in the room don't do
it
you hurt you hurt your leg what's his
name um don't cheapen what's what's his
first name
Stephen yeah Stephen the Stormtrooper no
chocolate-orange to stormtrooper oh no I
like chocolate orange I haven't tried it
before
I mean yet you like chocolate oranges
wait
Josh pull your pants up Jesse oh my what
Charlie you're raising here Amelia oh my
god okay now everybody's pants are down
Vicki George's mom supermom your food
we're trying to get this under South has
to fund loads of research for kids
cancer because actually there's there's
not much research around kids cancer
kids cancer is very very different to
adult cancer and there's hardly any
children they really get it in the UK
every year so the monies to fund
research to fun just the hospital the
care the the facilities everything
everything and anything to do with a
cilium because having now experienced it
no parent needs to be in that situation
ever and so if there's anything we can
do with this money to make sure that
then other children don't get cancer all
the kids that do have cancer to get the
best care they possibly can
unfortunately George ends up with the
rarest which is like the words you want
a common one you know the common cold
this money that we're raising is not
directly gonna help you know but it's
just going to be invested in research
that might help George but it's going to
help other children that's what we it's
definitely important people because no
family should ever yeah ever ever
experiences you called the tumor Terry
technique technique so we've named him
to try and make it kind of happy for him
so we're gonna see if George can tell us
the story is that what the book is a bit
so that Brooks his story and wanted that
book he got her polio but the fell right
here um the book mr. brave was just from
father Christmas because father
Christmas knew this George a very brave
of Christmas and so he wrote him a
little note in his book yeah just to
make him know that he saw how brave
Georgie was being and to give him a big
big hug I can't shout tumor when he when
his big brother was fighting in the park
I have to shout Tony and then the boys
noticed off and it also means that
George can kind of just get used to
having Tony in his life because Tony's
not going anywhere fast or they would
like to would like to get him out now
alone he likes Tony why you think I'm
sure he thought Tony was good but we've
had to tell him that actually Tony's I'm
from Tuesday when we found out he's
actually can
we had to tell him Tony Tony's really
really bad and Tony's gonna start doing
some nasty things to him not make his
hair fall out and all this kind of stuff
but and that's what we're making this
video today guys because he's starting
tomorrow and I said tomorrow you're
cutting his hair in the morning we're
gonna cut his hair so what kind of what
kind of haircut would you like oh good
I'm going to have no hair like like Jake
justice daddy's bald isn't he but that
wasn't his choice either that's just
good he was getting old no no okay
what's that book show us show us sure
nice Italy
mm-hmm water then ego splatted then he
was and then the lady cry
what's only giving you pants are and
what's cancer cheap yeah cats is really
not using it and does it make mommy
happy or sad
we currently see it there but this lump
here that's Tony that's where we had to
biopsy Co you can see basically that is
a a peach sized ball inside of George
own which is what they call it peel and
eat a sarcoma tumor we're learning a lot
tale you have his most of the time which
is basically and yeah it's so when we
say rare it's like 30 kids in the UK get
this every year my under 30 in the whole
of the UK so when they told us that like
I know that was that was the right time
at the white yeah
we even in the hospital seen seeing all
the other kids and then further down the
line and talking to their parents which
helps it with me it that helps but its
own that that that's hard because the
kids haven't got hair the kids look real
you just think is that where I'm going
to be and that's exactly why we think
yeah and that's why we started this
before he knew he had cancer we started
this because we thought actually and um
we can just no one should even need to
see this no one should even need to be
here and then that's always side it and
then we found that we do that cancer and
there are oh oh wow
Georgiy how did that make you for you is
that your girlfriend
yeah cast it you're gonna try that
Jonathan now but in all seriousness do
not date that girl or you mister mister
no pants dan dan dead end and then and a
third and Amelia Amelia you have the
power
oh don't stab your daddy huh look at
this wait wait a minute you're in a
goodie and those two are the buddies
you're not the bad wait you're all what
you have a sword you're a fighter pilot
you're all on your own body Oh
everyone's a baddie oh this must be the
new Star Wars movie which one which
one's the road one the growing it right
oh goody we are home obviously hours
later there's Anna hi kids our sleep
eric is asleep and we were just watching
a movie but I just want to end the vlog
and you say guys you know please I'm
gonna leave the link down below to the
fundraising page for poor little Georgie
or start directly for George go as you
guys heard Vicki saying it's for the
hospital as for research into the type
of cancer that he has if you guys you
know can spare a few pounds a few
dollars a few euros yen rubles whatever
your thing is don't really appreciate
that we really cool if that if there are
cool supportive awesome community could
add could go see something like that
that'd be pretty epic goodbye friends
thank you for watching today's video
say goodbye to my beautiful assistant
hey I'll see you guys tomorrow
oh did you like the vlog at the weekend
Oh
Oh
