hi welcome to the best day of the best
year of your life I did until I look you
me turn this up okay this is not very
flattering engine noises oh you look
pretty good yeah bah bah
which one's pregnant oh I'm I'm dealing
with Eduardo right now he's doing a poo
poo so bear with me for a minute
well what no no no it's just naturally
that's just it's only a few seconds fine
get talking on yourself
so we are gonna do a what's it called
again
challenge no this is your versus husband
yeah sister versus husband live tag kyun
age child
yeah yes so I have some questions I did
make it fair I kind of did it like um
half of that or some of them are like
childhood based and then some of them
are more like now I had to make a fair
because obviously she knows more about
me from like childhood like from before
but Jonathan knows more about me now um
so yeah I still don't know anyone I
tried to make it really really fast
Jonathan do you think yeah okay right I
can't let mommy get them otherwise
Johnson's gonna say that she cheated
this is always notebook by the way it's
so pretty nice yeah pretty cute and it
feels amazing
I love it I like hair this one feels
when you write in it some notebooks like
table the paper I isn't nice to write it
but this one's actually really nice to
write in and it's not rain band and I'm
left-handed as you can tell right are
you guys cheating
no no but is it really nice to write
anything that's handy because doesn't
have a ring singing oh oh oh no cheating
no cheating I saw what um okay do you
want to snapchat or something I think
snow whatever you will note on it oh
just cuz I want to start it but am i
doing it is it bitly hello friends and
welcome now just to clarify okay when I
said on Twitter is that I just wanted to
let people know that tonight vlog it's
just going to be upsetting for some of
you guys everybody's fine we're fine
everything's great or just using as I
said like using our power for good
instead of evil so please go watch the
blog tonight it'll all make sense then
but just don't panic everything's cool
everyone's fine Nevaeh is fine yeah okay
are you ready
yeah oh do your snaps ah this is a nice
nap i like chatot okay guys so we're
live on our husband vs. sister tag on
YouTube live so come join us
Ciccone Joey who you got everyone tweet
right using the hashtag secona Jodi's
live who you think is gonna win Erica or
Jonathan alright do that now let me just
look over here oh all right guys go to
our tweet now that now he's in there
thanks you everything
that right you to pecans going to it yet
no you know at a long time
but then I know more Eric and your how
to life you know it's going to trip me
up is the younger pictures by your
generations on the back of this oh yeah
all right which wait so we start already
stop it Bianca
ah no she's run the boat oh my god you
all of a job where we all going guys
a dog yeah sorry but now I don't see
who's gonna go no no we may want to give
up our dogs okay number one okay number
one it starting what do you we just call
it everything or the answer do we have
time I think you just say it okay if you
know it say it and then just hobby stop
I'll be where is he sounds like he's so
much so when you hear a question you say
like what was my favorite color if you
just got blue no you say I say that you
know you have a buzzer and then say it
cuz I think it's unfair if you don't say
that what do we have a buzzer I go black
no I go with your buzzer this no just be
like I know or whatever okay okay
or if you have different I wanna drink
she's swinging kita mom but he's too
 ya both ob1 okay number one is the
more is quite easy what is my biggest
fear and I know every buzzing oh
losing people well specifically your
children yeah
I'm Jonathan I think the children come
before me really yeah Oh God okay cuz we
yo cuz you don't have kids yet
but yeah that is the right time to go
that one
you kind of got it you said losing
people yeah but I like that one yeah
yeah same thing one point okay that was
easy
what was the name of my favorite
childhood toy and didn't know no
permission didn't maybe go to my second
favorite no no I won't no way you both
got no way he's a writer it was ours in
for fairness we need to bring your
budget video because you got just share
Tico's video is killing my life there's
a buzzer I'm gonna put her dance
we're bringing the buzzers in it's the
only way to yeah just try out no
Jonathan is not it's not it's whether
you know it or not yeah you both know it
and you both get the point
that's fair okay feels turn it's okay
you both got it I knew it no you get the
point
okay what hospital was that more than
and Jana this Oh No Baltimore oh yeah
Maryland I don't know
Oh done top no no no never really
listened to him though I know I remember
this like Tony and Alec boring in Oh
stare I just got clicking the first word
no Union Union say no presence I don't
know the Union I do know it though it's
just more of them for your
you knew Memorial yeah yeah I don't know
where you have time no no you know if
there's no buzzers there's no time I
wouldn't have no I don't think I've ever
known the name yeah I didn't think I
actually didn't think either would melt
I never goodness I got the star was
you're a pediatric and used to get a
sweet from you it was pretty good yeah
all right whoo this is kind of tricky I
mean now like in the current time I
don't mean like childhood I don't mean
okay who is my best friend outside of
family Sabrina the greener I said it
first
no you don't get it you both get it oh
yeah that's true okay wow that was
actually really I thought I would be a
lot harder okay what subjects did I do a
school Oh English Latin Oh German max
you didn't decide don't need a geography
French yeah I'm talking me thing sir
obviously yeah oh wait now this is
really hard
any charters max I'll gives me no hell
what the hell is talking this is I say
Mike fixed and then you say why was it
gonna work its head to Ted and okay
English Maths French Italian Russian
German the fix yeah I think so yeah
Irish I she did anyone is bloody Irish
so what are you guys
and then I'm missing - am i I don't it -
okay you say what you think it is music
oh yeah mm-hmm
do you know your sister no and oh this
another one isn't it
I don't know that's it okay so who gets
jointly done against me okay
yeah hold on English Irish maths German
Italian Latin French you need music yeah
you want to do art yeah no I don't you
okay yeah so you got yeah that's quite
hard even for me to remember okay no I
want to do me after this and see how
could you guys know me okay and who is
my favorite Kardashian Kim that's really
what actually the mom yeah no but if I
have to can come see you I can think you
get that why not I got you the Kim book
oh yeah that's not a book for another
day oh nice and it's just nude pictures
of Kim I was shocked I open I thinking
like oh what's this about now oh I don't
picture like oh
um okay well this is kind of difficult
but which is your favorite I prefer
media require Erica or Emma okay okay
who uh what would I order for dinner in
a restaurant see capacitor yeah buy some
seafood I said see ferry she right she
said she said pasta how many passes are
giving pasta pasta sauce pasta veggie
opossum
like no one point for me no that's - she
is happening she said seen again
afterwards you should cease your option
very nice Daisy okay
I would have said that I just I want to
be specific okay next what were my two
pet gerbils names good they're treating
jax connelly now i don't know that yeah
okay no you are you like to me all these
years
like smart marriage is a sham no yeah I
did and how many boyfriends have I had
like Siri ring for actually not three
three serious wait here serious
Kylie them yeah I don't my Shawn yeah
done
yeah Jonathan yeah who'd be shoot the
guy who had the parents in the Range
Rover who came to your heads the mom the
came to your head that's Sean is that
Sean yeah the one with like seventy
brothers and sisters I wish gives myself
that point then no tonight yeah yes for
that one area it was series it'll be
crap boom I never I wasn't last line up
they okay no there's no problem
remember yeah yeah sorry I don't know if
you couldn't really can wheel it you
lost like two months
tell me call me call faker and asked him
was it serious let's get freak runs away
he's thinking
hey go you'll be like white even
bringing the office pretty butters never
kind of contra in my life see I think if
you bring him into it then you have to
bring in like nobody went to his no no
no no I mean all the Hollywood little so
now she's gerbils on holiday boyfriend
from holiday but yeah like I think no
you all missed one no I didn't OD when
Toma won the German boy Oh JA know if we
make this he wasn't a boyfriend don't do
that okay
what I'm saying is I know you're on me
I'll have a better who else
yeah you're both actually missing I was
not going no you were I was 16 in
Ireland yes I don't know this was a
long-term one actually I can't remember
any before Sean I'm so sorry I'm it
totally was after him actually yeah
you're the best kisser yes I thought I
went from Sean Sean breaks and yes no I
know there was a chief it was likely
what does this name begin with G Jared
mmm
sweetie I can think George no Jerry
oh my god you get Jerry I don't want
Lisa
Oh give us another player what's she
look like can we get him on the phone
what Jared's George Jonathan yeah what's
the second of it what then you know no
Gavin our girl
gee or great cabin great no great burger
crying
Grimer grim yeah okay that's so we're
completely I know it is oh poor Greg
guys he actually was great that was
quite a long one
so that means I wouldn't count fear prep
honestly well then I was right that's it
you just can't create God brings it back
before I win thank you very much
moving on she did remember Greg I think
we each to have point yeah she did
remember right first up no one is
actually keeping track in points so I'm
going anyway oh you are noticing in a
program conversation I no one's watching
there's no one there what I wasn't
cheating always okay this is a really
hard one actually what's my favorite
music well hold on a second no she's
gonna day fiancé
no it's just it is is this now or not
yeah in China Yong GI Papa yeah would
you do we have to be specific like who
it is beyond the will you work out to
Beyonce Nova mix not really Kuwait
I'm sure charge music please yeah I
think you both get yeah there's no other
reading wave described no like you're
not like a music head no I thought it
would be hard but it wasn't yeah it's
just whatever you got on phone David
struggle
keep your mind
is seem all well out of that 50 hey na
IgA huh and she has gerbils yes even
know where did you never told me a
gerbil yeah what was in those things
nothing when I was like I'm gonna come
over maybe ninth birthday or ten
I thought we done there no no Yama do
you remember them yeah I do I do
well then I must have been 10 or 11
meter 19 oh yeah I think I was quite a
10 and then they laugh like maybe two or
three years all right let's go
that's it oh that's it okay okay biggest
fear why I got it kill children kill
each other
okay so that's what can you remember
that one point to you a name of my
favorite childhood toy that was both
okay two for me one for you okay
hospital three for me one for you rainy
this is so flooding but you were given a
clue doesn't matter she got yeah I was
like gas it 3-1 Oh best friend you both
got that for two subject at school 5 -
oh yeah okay a favorite Kardashian you
both got bathroom six three dinner in a
restaurant
both seven four
yeah you were like my phone for I'm
ready hey add more gerbils names seven
five knock when call Mike boyfriend's
how many boyfriends have I had a stock
boy not fair Johnson because she are 86
we'll all get a point favorite musical
nine seven days
white neck and neck yeah it was named
the hospital I was born at I actually do
glitter lettuce I do know them
no way do ya what Erica named my
brothers and sisters named Simon Leah
root whoo good that was good actually
not it yeah give me a chance I know the
hospital
there's four maternity hospitals and
government hanging good mornig of it see
I feel like Marcus was once a me it
wasn't to return that cuz that's like
the big one now the candy no it's fun
today I won congratulations to me what
do I actually win don't wait I'm just
trying to think of your rightful edoardo
where we study for me cuz I know I think
oh my gave birth in the same hospital
okay breath to Marcus and she used to
call it something as a joke see they
know no comments no I don't think I know
well I'm Jonathan Thank You Billy
we actually come up oh oh I just saw it
there I just saw it there somebody said
in the comments in the video
no no not the Coon no there it is hot
fit cop Hollis hot palmistry ha I hear
that I just oh my gave birth there
no no no even now we've excited him yeah
so all my used to pull it harder she had
such let's do bad experience oh I
think that was like back in the fifties
yeah yes updated well thank you for
watching our quiz guys hope you enjoyed
it Tom's like thank you increase time
yeah I'm impressed that you read the
comment of the personnel I did actually
know I knew that you were born in the
same hospital as Marcus I was born in
Dublin
yeah it was very good no no yes brother
everyone all right friend thanks for
watching the video don't get sums up
casick Erica is considering moving to
the UK so hit her up and Twitter and
convinced her to come and then she can
mind the kids we can go ahead and half
date I don't know anyway thanks for
watching guys hit the like button in the
comments and on itself and I'll see you
guys in four hours for the vlog if
you're watching this right now boy
