hello in there what are you doing you
know hello and welcome to the fort best
day of the year of the best year of your
life we have to make a deal cuz I keep
going to bed
way too late I'm burning the candle on
both ends and so like okay I'm never
ever going to get a lion I accept that I
accept that you're never ever going to
let me have a lion so I think the only
possible solution in the scenarios is
going to bed early but I can't do it I'm
so bad at it so bad at it and every
night I get no sleep and every day I'm a
broken man I do love your media I do
love you so I've just done my workout
with flu season that workout will be
Friday yeah because I did a video on it
it was the second trimester workout and
you know what I really love I love their
feet like I'm not a foot yeah but baby's
feet are like your own kids feet are
just so cute look at them they're just
so cute I'm sure there's a stage they
reach where they stop getting cute it's
just kind of sad like when they get to
be teenagers they're probably not cute
anymore but right now they're so cool I
just want to eat your little toes oh hi
there Emilia oh you're just getting your
bow oh okay yeah you what Emilia do you
know if it were toes around
I need this comb I need him to come on
in an adventure and help me
I have to party what are you doing what
are you doing
don't hold on to my jumper so when you
get a Christmas tree and you're all like
this is brilliant I've got a Christmas
tree there's one fact that you always
forget about the fact that in about 3 or
4 weeks you're going to have to get rid
of the Christmas tree and then you think
I probably should have never got a
Christmas tree in the first place and
Eduardo has just locks the car Eduardo
did you just lock the car in me so come
on mister let's go Eduardo is that also
wearing his new coat Wow you've got
something in your pocket
you got toys in your pocket you bringing
in toys with you on an adventure before
you have children I remember I used to
have a boot of my car needs to tink
what's the point of these boots anyway
when you do your shopping for one or two
you just kind of throw it in the
backseat of the car but then you have
kids and you realize oh that's what you
do always have a scooter ready to go
never leave home without a scooter
friends that's my advice for new parents
clock all the way through Christmas tree
show me where the Christmas tree is do
you remember where it is definitely this
guy can go in the booth for sure
that did not work friends you're the
hardest thing about the new year always
is remembering it's a new year
how many times have you written 2016
already 2016 no 2017 that's the hardest
part of a new year anyway
so I hope a new plan
very bad news passengers is no longer in
the everyman theatre whats up monsters
call it's for kids without what is on
what's the adults show that is available
no scrub through the top there what's
this a row one no what's that about
road one that sounds like you know what
that sounds like that romantic comedy
about that rogue yeah look there's a
girl and there's a girl in the thumbnail
rogue one and love stories ours cause we
should go look I'm I am willing to go
see this rogue one love story for you
as that is what I'm willing to get it
get it we can go see passengers just not
in there yeah but what am I gonna eat
the kinda couch cinema well we can
either Lee or we heat it afterwards oh
you don't see it early I think we should
do that
oh you handsome you're always taking
things off me I guess you're all I got
fluffing you're here
yeah well Murphy bear no let's go after
after why after food yeah it's a go food
first and then she wanted to passages
yeah we go sing well then Sydney world
CEO of sin world fini world
you're gonna be a singer when you grow
up you're gonna be a pop star you gonna
join Little Mix I hate saying this
because I feel bad for people whose
birthdays it is in January February or
March but January February and March are
like my least favorite one and
Jonathan's born in February and then
Eduardo was supposed to be a march baby
and I was actually kind of now that I've
had like a spring baby and this one's
gonna be a spring baby too now that I've
had one in the spring I feel like it's
kind of I prefer like March and April or
not as bad for me anymore but I used to
absolutely hate these three months
January March because I feel like
they're just blah like it's after
Christmas there's nothing going it's
cold freezing cold Valentine's Day I
always like try and make an effort for
it but it's always just too cold like I
just feel too if if Valentine's Day was
in this in the summertime it would be so
much better trust me like just can you
imagine like Valentine's Day barbecues
and stuff like that and I'm sure there's
people out there that live in hot
climates that are like yeah I do that
every year because I even see on YouTube
when people put up like Valentine's Day
lookbooks or Valentine's Day
I don't know videos themed videos and
it's sunny out and it's like picturesque
and I'm just like here freezing my bum
off like all I want to do is bundle up
in a dressing gown and like by the fire
you know I don't want to do anything
sexy for Valentine's so anyway um yeah
I'm not note I'm gonna go and see if I
can take some out for pictures without
freezing today he said these are like oh
I like em I only like to tell them again
I like that
this means on meson have I gotten mail
or nearly time that I got open - thanks
reopen s not when you sing that song
before I know it's like it's like I'm
honesty how it feels you know if you're
like a big pop star like Ed Sheeran
there's no way and everyone starts
singing your song that must have almost
how it feels
yeah me and that cheering soul what's
your diamond Troy you in the air my dear
beating people up I got a clue your
brother
this is always protect me protect me
enter the London take the second exit
right let's get the Middle Pillar
over my giant parking spot passengers
please on our way
not 3d 2d passengers
oh wait do you have ID Oh Shh we'll
start at 6 p.m.
awesome what time is it Anna about 10
past 6 oh my goodness we've room this
it's been three she said for you not
watching movie with her popcorn is
really unfair I'm getting popcorn I'm
not breaking the rules
probably best to be Street wise don't
take risks with unnecessary sugars
all right he's got a medium popcorn
sweets or some flavor you need popcorn
popcorn is a very important cinema aim
what do you get in a cinema I go for
awkward large salted popcorn and water
what is your cinema feast
what are you what are you what are you
please doing here she's hanging out here
in your own heads did your parents over
here
right when you saw the movie that was
good
I felt like felt like I was a passenger
in this I would have liked to see more
in the the wrap up of what actually
happened everything all right like we
should have seen that a romantic comedy
role one what are we in better
oh you guys see that
he's like chillin no no he's got like a
little scary face that one there thank
you
it didn't but my friends oh it's
progress
11 o'clock I'm sure that the some of you
11 o'clock will seem pretty late I'm
quite proud of myself to be in the bed
for 11 o'clock friends progress I might
even start going to bed at half 10 I
will be amazing
that will be amazing so I am achieving
my New Year's resolutions
you know someone left a comment they
were like you have to keep up to date
every vlog or I'd say like welcome to
the fun has take care so I'm gonna try
and keep it up and then at the end of
the year we can do a little montage
where I can say well there first I can
turn and it'd be really cool but I don't
know if I'm going to do it and it
doesn't believe I'm gonna be late but
I'll try my best for you so you can keep
an eye on yourselves so I'll see you
good night I'll see you I'll see you get
my friends I'll see you tomorrow thanks
for watching this video I appreciate
that I appreciate you and I appreciate
like buttons and I appreciate comments
I appreciate subscriptions appreciate
you tomorrow Oh
