that was so nice of you I just got a
present okay that's my
days in the shade of some big old tree
making daisy chains I'm watching all the
honeybees last night underneath starry
sky
every day summer when you spend it here
with me so I'll call you whenever I'm
feeling down because it feels so good
just to have you around and you might
not be the richest boy in their town
yeah it feels so good just a few around
now yesterday is all but a distant dream
literally right now a leader
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear daddy happy
birthday to you Silesia but Amelia she
wrapped it herself worried oh did you
bring a present as well come here into
the garage
pretenders of courage okay we're gonna
give daddy his actual present yeah you
ready it's a car but don't turn okay
it's wrapped really discreetly this is
what Jonathan's always wanted just in
tiny form okay daddy
you do it too okay it's really heavy
because it's quite a big present it's
actually legit model it's not just a toy
if I want to come real yeah if you water
it'll grow what color would you get if
you actually got
I do like there's a blue one yeah I saw
that one but I wasn't sure yeah no I
know I was trying to get you one that
you would get in real life if I got it
maybe if you got me in a burgundy I'd be
like I can wrap it it's okay not anymore
though
oh yeah do students we need Eduardo
that's so great that you're ripping them
apart when I only spend about two hours
with you do not buy peace unless you
want to be nightmare unless you're like
a really creative person to have a plate
of stock to do it for you
what is daddy gonna have for breakfast
Oh Baba what daddy got our first
breakfast on his birthday
what kind of birthday breakfast should I
have hey a cake for breakfast
yeah what kind of cake chocolate a
chocolate cake for breakfast I have my
cake I did all your chocolate pancake
cuz you know today is pancakes you say
pan coca de menthe pan coke a day and
daddy's birthday day see freshly pressed
geez you got mister you have to say that
works just what I decided talk to it
there's no Jam Eduardo it's so good you
know what wardo I'll eat that if you
don't want to howl eat it then when I
come to solids the salty hill of all
saltiest hills we're gonna go for a
birthday walk we're gonna go for a
birthday walk guys very important get a
weapon wow you look like you're near by
Seamus Healy I'm not sure about Ireland
nice to take cold like the beaches what
is it yeah this is bitter it doesn't
feel like rain no it's more snowy yes I
said it looks it's kind of hard right
it's hard stuff this is this is this is
a good quality Irish Beach huh although
the beaches in Dublin are actually
pretty good I used to work as a
lifeguard on the beaches in Dublin sat-7
coastline and they're actually quite
good beaches yeah sandy mount with my
under 40 foot it's where I used to work
the lifeguard lads way back when I was
oh my goodness about 20 years ago
let's talk about you let's talk about me
let's talk about you
let's talk about me
sweetie
lovely spoiled sweet stuff to your
pockets love is a kiss when you least
expect it
works
let's talk about okay we're at this
really famous part of Galway pier Emilia
is gonna go for a swim now right off
this thing here guys it's super famous
everybody does it
oh my markers does it daily takes every
morning for like on Christmas days we
had 40-foot this thing here all right it
is food time in the city in the salty
e's we're gonna June we went to this
little Italian restaurant last time
we're here
it was amazed is amazing so we're gonna
go there now I'm a birthday are we gonna
bring go me unless ya be I NGO rugby I
NGO and bingo was his name he'll bingo
was his name me it doesn't make a hotel
door let's go this way let's get this a
chip a tea shop please don't stop catch
up with all my mommy oh yeah a 12 ball
in the eye let's go let's go eduardo
catch up kiddie rides videos pool crazy
what do not look in that door do you not
look in there
there's nothing to see in there
and Alesi I got some ball the names they
feel time to say I do I do it right I
know I saw it he is trying to say I can
speak mouth full of food yeah
he's trying to eat the pizza I got a
pesto mushroom in chicken
don't confuse Marguerite with the
margarita all right we're trying to say
hatch almost 10 times faster much much
my semester mr. Masterman Oh Eduardo
Eduardo Eduardo can you say Hachem Oh
ten times fast
yeah Turner and a very good mister
that's right founder of you can you say
the good stuff anyway use your mommy you
remove me
I love be mommy mommy I do I love me boo
me where did you get that problem
sometimes she does come up with some
words that like a mixture of Irish in
English like yeah she says there are
times you go to work booby booby booby
booby look at this sign it's bug is made
from potatoes today as a vegetable so
add service was a good
and then here's a word for you go what's
that word can anyone read this is qu not
got the Irish one the actual English one
Quinn Centennial Drive okay so this is
actual actual like central mountain
that's where you want to go our little
town that we live in is just like this
look guys were in galway city centre
hotel actually has a pool right at the
front there
see you just kind of you sit in there
you just kind of sit in there and you
get to like look at all the cars it's a
different experience right let's go you
know some will he will he
oh thanks - yo tell birthday - is that
the best birthday oh my goodness oh oh
look at you guys got a rocky road a
muffin some jellies
and cupcakes daddy only got a Sydney
bottle of Prosecco are you know what do
you say say Thank You G Hotel Frankie D
hotel Amelia and Eduardo are coming at
me and the two of them wanted to wear
that little slippers but unfortunately
there's already slip rest of it mommy
and daddy today oh you are like five
actually is a really cool that you are
the two they would follow they would
follow up as she tried to walk okay
watch out for the hole in the wall in
the left
let's go to the other one and we had
great time at that a photic but it was
done it ended but we offer it tomorrow
we're going home
see you doggies and you can see the
school friends and we're gonna go back
to school we can
we're gonna have to say bike 12 towel
perhaps better hard to water it's gonna
be a very busy bed I wish my mind says
no one read or custom Island 4 meters
are for my toys and the bed what she
does
we know here that hey do you know guys
I'm never going to have been in my next
birthday you know where they would be
you're out of for a kitchenware that's
birthday 12 is Valentine's Day
did I made it school nice I got a
special surprise for mommy from all of
us straight to bed
no messing straight to bed
what is this trend of TV on
