you ready you ready Media do you like
them
hello and welcome to the third day of
the greatest year of your life
I brought my associate we're gonna show
you this is what to do how to be loving
in the morning hi
I love you how do you like your eggs no
more how do you lie I'm having a boy leg
yeah
and then rideable day before gonna be
nice
I thought what sure you have I haven't
I'm sure you I haven't I've never had a
boiled egg no I've had a poached egg
I've had a Friday I've had a scrambled
egg good morning children
good morning beautiful lovely loving
happy children what happened what
happened tell father what happened - got
a one who said to clip up dress with me
but then she snapped off again your life
is terrible
it's so hard what what apparently it
haha come here
nice let's discuss our problems let's
discuss I love you so much you're my
favorite sister I got right ham okay
a wolf in Witcher fancy now all friends
again boop boop odd tell me you love me
tell me oh man
nobody in stepped on this video oh oh
that was a good one
how was it good uh and you won a
Christmas tree leave it in the comments
below guys you can get yourself a very
own Christmas tree myself yeah when I
said it yeah
good morning welcome to Jonathan's
Christmas tree of program we've got a
lovely fresh Christmas tree that breaks
apart very easily if you want a super
world
this thing is over lunch was in size was
it don't worry about these parts here
they can be fixed and attached now you
buy it today there's a second half of a
Christmas tree it's a BOGO friends o
povo buy one get one no girlfriends
actually call 1-800 Christmas tree in
fact do that
Phil number Oh hahaha when they're
putting television on in the morning one
can only hope and pray that Ben and
Holly or Peppa Pig comes on because it's
the only thing and little boy likes okay
sponge oh oh oh oh it's climbing higher
good bye how come I got a little small
egg and you got some grandiose sac let's
just stop this one the other one bro
oh really yeah that's what I do do I
just tap it yeah here you need this
mm-hmm me and as I needed an implement
so get cremate I thought the play was
optional would salty can you read a
pretty mess now sorry I'll clean it up
mmm it's absolutely good hmm first what
side dougies they're off a little
adventure okay almost killed us trying
to dance in the car
friends welcome to Garchomp cook a cook
cook our camp cook cook our camp so cool
yeah this is good for liking for like on
a TV show we have held off on buying
like any babies of probably superstition
I don't know what it was maybe turn
Charlie forgot about it perfect you know
what actually with the media and it
worry not me but within word oh I think
I was like this too I remember having
very very like London right at the end
we started commit yeah yeah maybe
immediate different first child it's
like exciting yeah exactly exactly
you've nothing else to do hey you got
two little monsters so Harry today we're
going to be although we're gonna have a
look at some baby stuff okay al al al
you we are here we have to go that way
this way to the blue one appearance and
rice as you know like Google Maps they
need one for like more maps
don't you go and then that will if you
do invent it give me some credit
okay but more maths and then you just go
to your mom up and it's like what
chopped you want to go to and you're
like typing in it's like go turn a left
turn right now okay what date is today
I'm trademarking it today at this time
but where's mama
come on your mom my son their base kids
all right bonus yeah no wrong child
wrong child
you know what long child she wrong child
or they do it then look at it oh she
would love that with a little thing on
it but wrong trout brown trout just need
species and it seems like the right size
is this no yeah this is gonna be the
relationship
hey I thought it was 50% I know it looks
like boy
what's that what's that for it's a fine
oh oh my gosh oh look at that
for such mm-hmm that's huge though right
that's a year or something that's not
beautiful yeah exactly what two months
whoa they grow fast hey they were doing
it keeps getting lower never look at it
it keeps getting lower
ah now let's go down to 20% dreads oh
boy oh boy I did not know you can get
oats for grown-ups golly look at them
there wait there for girls I know I need
to live it up I was trying to convince
Allen in and as like can I wear my old
slippers outside they look like normal
shoes I need eggs outside outdoor rugs
for boys for are they what are the men's
ones not more like less oaky and more
look there's these
hey Jiro potato green like they look
like real shoes oh my goodness everyone
would think I'm actually wearing real
shoes but actually I'd be wearing Oaks
it's like these are diesel job jeans
they're not even jeans laughs they're
made it 100% cotton
it's lies I've been walking lie huh or
here oh my goodness
thank goodness nobody would know nobody
would know ok these are 9 they're little
squishy but they're comfy yeah oh my
goodness guys you would know with no
fake genes and fake shoes
we're in the carpark and they're serving
food they brought our table to the
carpark watch ah ha ha ha I got I got I
got same words I'm not gonna homeschool
the kids anyway we're gonna award it
some drinks and then we're getting some
food what you guys order I think I've
gotten this before where I go with the
tacos right because remember we're in
Orlando I learned about soft tacos and
this is the days where we came gonna go
home but today I'm gonna go with this I
think this char grilled chicken burritos
burrito what are you gonna wear young
lady
excited oh just we like those comics
oh that's cool can eat the ball recall
this the midday mojito always haven't
made a mojito friends especially when
shopping for baby clothes I recommended
the midday mojito
yum yum now you cannot expect us to come
here and not go to the Disney shop and
get all the Mona's merchandise there has
been a request made for dressing up
mallanna so some day oh my god okay Anna
when we set up with water - okay can I
get him one of these watch Hey
okay can I go on it alone okay I know if
I feel cool like that time I'm gonna get
one of these yeah it didn't you know I'm
going out of here for animate I'll be so
cool - guys get in the corner
yeah you see that that kid knows he
knows yeah I know
so we're here damn crib and it's the
only one in the whole shop so there's no
one here
that's it that's it I thought there'd be
luck here I know there must be somewhere
else
Jim we got you one of these oh my
goodness
let me see what it's like tested for you
pass me a baby give me a baby there for
a second I'll test it out fear
cozy this is for mosquitoes I want I
want to make a thick one you know like
the flame remember we never got one of
these did we not no uh strollers it's a
whole new thing everything's changed
since we looked at it last you know it's
fully in our last two kids we always
wanted a stockist daughter but we can
never afford one we're taking this time
we work when I got one last time yeah
it's so expensive though and we ended up
not getting wood they were like this
time Anna yeah somebody's child is on
the floor her there's children
everywhere somebody left the child in
that one wash is this tank this is some
sort of a space like the big things have
changed since we've had the last kids
leave comments if you think that looks
like Hannah seriously we were just
walking through the shop and I was like
oh my goodness and I just pictures up
here it does a little bit though it does
I think it just looked to do her face do
her face just do her face there
seriously it does I don't know what you
mean
I think this to do it and look at my
little elf bye guys you ready you ready
media do you like them no make more
dough there oh boy those new school
shoes guys there Sparky
daddy going it yeah you get him yeah
okay let's try them on
well guess what what I tried to buy you
shoes too
I don't have to meet your size I should
have bought me shoes is that okay it's a
bit tight is it is it cause you weren't
is it good
here let's put this one on and then seed
let me just check oh look at your toes
wasn't your toes oh yeah no it's okay
it's okay
booter diamond d media see there you go
huh okay alright
looking sparkly they are does it
are they your favorite shoes you've ever
owned
do you I don't want you guys to guess
what it is okay
so it's in a special bag that you'll
never guess what it is let me just check
inside the by here what do you see in
the things oh thank you thank you are
there ugg boots
okay name what's the name of the film
that you saw recently and you loved in
the cinema no choice guys meeting dr.
piggy one and he got the chicken one do
you like them yeah you have mana tail
boy and a little crazy chicken guardo
got the chicken because the guardo is
most like the chicken next well uh edit
blue on a toy yeah here's a colorful
thing so you can apple of my eye
oh okay media can keep them pants oh no
oh so device if we tried to fit
something that would not cause it I know
I knew cuz one got a chicken um one got
a pig and then initially we're gonna get
him was not a big man yeah but we're
like like you like the chicken
take off the oats put on do say
