we may have made a terrible mistake but
it'll be worth it we're Dakotans like
cuckoomy we have to show people what a
loving couple is like no but what in the
movies like that with the West no but
did they like to see it like in the
movies
hello friends welcome to day two of the
greatest year of your life I've made a
terrible mistake we stayed up last night
watching too much television too late oh
I know Eduardo has progressed to being a
baby again watching homes under the
hammer what I was eating the last lasted
your Christmas breakfast and a crappie
coffee coffee hmm is it what are you
doing in that thing why no that's for
baby toys that's not for little boys
Christmas is over mean people forcing me
out of house at home get out of my house
I was twitter hacks my ipod I bought
just enough for Christmas yesterday I
was like you feel that which I was a
baby in there 2017
oh my goodness is this what you've
chosen to wear today Eduardo we may have
made a terrible mistake but it'll be
worth it we have to show people what a
loving couple is like no but what the
movies like that with no past no but
they like to see it like in the movies
in the movies Jonathan my hair actually
looks amazing
oh my god you look like the movies is
that a joke
no no can try your hair cut my hair
doesn't do that look what I go yes you
don't have long hair ha ha I think I
might grow a beard this year really
thank you you know drew over in
university hmm that time when in like I
think a second year my crew is huge
bushy beard it's been a long time so
I've had me I feel like I haven't grown
a beard in love um I have like this ee
thing going on where ever you like a
proper no I think it looks good like
that
does a certain point in your life when
you just got to commit to growing a
beard hey you wanted Bobby let me okay
I would you're going a baby I'm gonna
grow nothing I want to grow something
but Ren we are over to seven month mark
seven months we have to just
we're having our babymoon right now I
saw you in there with Lucy you were
chatting junior chatting working out no
we're trying to get between the sets I
saw burst it I went to let lbm she was
taking like any year to get any news
like he could see me and like I'm like
okay so he's like he's like oh whatever
lift is
egg and then he's like we're gonna go
behind this tree and like anyway and I
saw you both talking well yeah we have
two chats in between the sets that's
part of it like you do the set they do
the chat well you don't do the chats
never right well I'm gonna film you from
now on all your workouts and the CM what
chatting goes on the unite corn social
muscles I'm gonna have a muscle laughs
that's my muscles he OD oh he do
have a muscly thing going on here look
at that oh my goodness should I be
concerned tell us what line of fate one
of those muscle girls oh my goodness
look at that that's crazy it's because
it's mostly fat no but it's good fat
back fat white isn't oh baby no men are
really different muscles what are we
talking about here you made too much
noise
maybe we know in a meteor they think
that come on oh hello that you've
changed how many times have you changed
today yeah you keep changing your
clothes all right
ekam princess eduardo hasn't change his
clothes again this is me son you turn
over good
we listen Evelyn huh right so we've come
out to get some launch real Kisan do you
want a cheese and ham on your cross on
what's daddy gonna get I don't think I
want standards do i okay
traffic is pretty mad so we parked way
down the road and we're gonna walk you
what I don't eat the wind water wash
what did you fill up on wins and then
you don't want to eat
oh no right Oh
this is close and I said TV this was
open and I said it was open
Oh ding dong no I know we're open under
scripts to January oh we don't have a
Kido no no order after all of that well
mommy's silly huh
she made us come all the way out here
and it's closed oh my goodness guys
you've made a terrible mistake
so I thought maybe we'll just nip that
into marcin's
and pick up our own cross on the look at
traffic look at traffic on will D or
letters not sure Holly oh oh right there
all right this is why everyone stay cool
I just wanted to get across on a cross
on the too much chance for lacrosse all
let cross all is scusa me scusi moi
do you have a puzzle I would like a
cross off I'm gonna change it
your feet are we know right we got a
splash but there's no way in hell I'm
actually gonna sit at this car and
there's definitely no way - are those
coming out of this car oh good job oh
did that work to be able to fish good
place for a treat all right now guardo
we need to do some magic here okay let's
go you're gonna need to come at yourself
all right and that's exactly how I feel
you've captured my emotions okay weirdo
now did you imagine if they were
actually sold out of croissants there's
a lot of people down here it's kind of
look it's gonna be it's gonna be
competitive competitive costs on picking
oh boy oh boy get a bike Eduardo what
did you just do
this is not the plan put it put it in
the bike no monks man you just go around
eaten consequence what
now hold the bag open for me oh my
goodness
two three nope oh this should you
take it a bite oh my goodness okay
oh no he's taking a bite as I'm putting
him in sighs he said you bites out of
them that is brilliant
that is just grill wine oh okay now what
you want to put in your cross on I'll
put it in here and it'll be okay okay so
how many did we get and how many did you
eat
fresh fruit now look up item who's that
there now who's that who's that there
now
hello and our prints are you and your
socks outside you understands a kick in
sight oh my goodness what are we raising
here huh so guys Eduardo is taking a
bite out of every single cross on the
first this is the first vlog of 2017 oh
look we made the actual chocolates
thank you totally forgot even check on
them oh yeah they look really good
okay there imagine you have encountered
look like touching the inside well as
icing in chewy we could I was thinking
the owner can you slice across the whole
thing I just pop one out oh my goodness
a pizza that works so well you know I
mean if you'd like broke off the edges
and stuff it out it would actually look
perfect if you actually did this
property without making such a big mess
that we did would look perfect I think
mines he doesn't mind little bit
actually
oh wow okay didn't really realize I was
actually gonna work oh crap these team
Cuffy
so guys hey my filters know what fell
over that yes alright final board Amelia
this is our date today
now Eduardo what if you got plans for
dinner maybe these two little
snapchatters what are you guys doing let
us in on the game
Oh
what's wrong with your cheek oh poor
baby
my poor baby has an owie cheek whatever
are we going to do I'm going to turn you
into stone this pelvic floor isn't what
it used to be I'm bringing in the old
highs there yeah Mike so you're not
pregnant eyes
Oh
