the hills are alive with the sound of
Ciccone Jolie's are you ready for the
greatest year of your life nothing right
yeah this is day one of the latest year
of your life
are you ready Eduardo are you ready yeah
and starts the officer present Oh
children child Ressa Ressa can I be a
horsie yeah I'm gonna be a horsie oh my
goodness are you okay me Mia you okay
Amelia come on come on come on come on
come on
I'm all out we are getting dressed
because it is important I love anything
that you think anything in the son of a
gun John you know someday Eduardo will
sing the son of a gun song to his son
and I'll bloody cry I cry like Amelia
oh yeah you just wait for three - okay
okay okay come here and you won't have
to wear a jumper okay Bardo that was a
lie I don't want I know you don't want
to jump her but the jumper wants you
this is Amelia's process for picking her
clothes she likes to make it little
person huh
as you can see Eduardo's you can get the
jumper okay shall we apply this to the
child yeah happy new year mate
oh this year you come out mate come out
to play hmm
what what's happened Eduardo Paes New
Yorker Emilia stuck in the Christmas
tree and she Jack it out ping ping ping
ping
so have you guys taking this guy down
okay and puttin this guy up oh yeah oh
it's the calendar lives if you guys
everyone going you know what I I am
trying to have a
ah do you know guys no yeah
I have actually left calendars on sale
because I forgot to take them off sale
so if you want a calendar guess the
Colantoni shop calm still have the
calendars because we forgot to turn the
calendar shop off so go quickly before
everyone gets back to work next week and
turns the calendar shop off to go get a
count I give no one you can have one you
could be like like these guys the
calendars looking will be like have fun
together we just me just ality let me
spell it to you hello and welcome to the
calendar shop today we're reviewing the
see Judy Judy's 2017 calendar oh it's
got some beautiful pictures here oh no
laughs oh just lovely colander it it's
the perfect wall art a compliment that
you would want in your house get it now
today now on sale now bye now I'll see
you dead today
one of our New Year's resolutions one of
my new year's resolutions is to walk the
dogs more and one of Jonathan's is to
get out war right get out more I spend a
lot of time editing and working and and
it's not the nicest day to be honest but
it's the first day of the year and we
figured let's put those two resolutions
together and we're going to get out of
the family
and we're bringing two dogs with us
because six is just too many and it just
ruins the whole wall
yeah it's so stressful I'm always like
sweating afterwards and I hate it I hate
leaving the other four but this is just
how it has to be and then we just
figured look tomorrow will bring out two
other ones and so on that's the thing
about a new year's resolution labs right
what it tries to get you to do in the
first day of the year he tries to get
you to not do it he goes like I know you
do tomorrow I don't know no or you ruin
it because you do imagine we take you
know all six no no kids pregnant and
you're like this is great again as soon
as every day and then you do it you hate
it and then you never do it again for a
spheres donation girl you have to do it
like in baby steps and as much as I
didn't a part of me didn't want to
because I was like I felt so bad leaving
them and Bianca was like crying like a
your time will come I promise
but don't let don't look man get you on
New Year's Day when it's like no new new
new start tomorrow
aw dad you can't start on it with days
today then you don't even know what day
it is Sunday
I'm so confused with no school and no
like everyone's out of the office and
everything I don't even know what day it
is okay mommy and Dwyer over there oh it
is a bit steep ah we made it all right
can you so we have come down to this is
basically where we're gonna live guys
yeah what no not LBC here but this is
basically or our houses
so if comm decided to come here today
have a little wander around and survey
the area this is cool Oh dr. Steele and
mommy
sto mommy we'll try and scare you or we
oh okay that's a bit steep II didn't
seem a steep this is a fun adventure
I think we won't accidentally walk to
Scotland looking to mountains in the
clouds and stuff over the mountains
careful you two cheese you three for my
hands we take him Lucas you're my
freakin look at this guy's
wow this is amazing oh my god Eduardo we
need to buy quads we need to buy quads
and we come here you drive around then
why are you going to meet it
Vidia son commanded our latest dinosaur
walked one attains her walk do you want
to go in the field with the media the
hills are alive with the sound of
Saucony trollese find any treasure did
you find something where there is an
echo hello Sini's your delay I like that
way I feel funny you think is a fairy it
does look like a little fairy entrance
isn't it yeah Wow
when I crawl in and see if I can find
one to hold ok we're gonna go try and
find a fairy guys ok geez
all right here we go
look at this the cutest little protester
look at him I'm not walking it's so cute
and the other child the venture running
off into the wild Ragnar lothbrok after
she is bingo
jingle bells didn't go old way Oh what
button do lies at the one left rollers
day hey jingle bells jingle bells
oh so you said such a nice time I think
we're gonna take down our Christmas
stuff today though just because I feel
like it's over
it's sad put us over the media come on
uh will Jonathan if you do that she's
obviously not going to trust you
huh
Christmas
why because you I got da da
the good fat so Christmas what because I
cut your Christmas tree in half yeah
here's the thing okay you've all had a
great time with the advent calendars and
now you're thinking for sure I might as
well throw them in the bin oh no I'm
gonna show you what you can do with the
advent calendars when you're done as
soon as the media up and say wow
let me help let me help okay we now have
a giant bowl of chocolate
so let's flick this guy on here that's
probably a bad idea
oh oh oh crap well you're not supposed
to let her boil or something no one told
me what has happened what how did I end
up in here try to heat up in there
Oh what are you doing what no guys guys
what did we get look I'm over here
melting chocolate for you we recommend
doing this guy's ahh
would add two little crazy munchkin
Messrs Oh give it all possible if you
haven't have munchkin messes in your
life that's okay it's okay
about it oh okay guys we have melted
less chocolate you cannot lick it all so
all you guys think about eating
chocolate is that all what do you do
wait what hmm all right what do you
think of this Amelia do not touch the
bowl or you will burn your fingers off
do you want your fingers you don't need
fingers anymore right
all right let's get a little spoon like
this okay now put your one down the
water will immediately know we're gonna
do a test with Amelia first okay so
we'll take this one here at the top okay
let's see what's inside this one I'm
going to take a little bit of chocolate
all right we're just gonna pour it in
and then squish it down a bit okay
that's gonna go along is this can't no
you can't beat it why because we're
making the chocolate things down to the
unicorn one Oh what can I eat it we're
gonna take them off afterwards we're
gonna break the top off them what cuz
that's how we're gonna turn them into
little chocolates right we're just gonna
plot this in here so hardened and then
and then later on we should be able to
break them out and they should be the
little having color things maybe not
maybe they won't be black guys do do
make them yourselves at home and tweet
me some pictures if you guys actually do
it would not be cool yeah and see if
they look better than our ones you think
we did a good job Mia yeah because I
think that when you get them messy a
tiny bit on your pretty sorry others
earlier accident
are you gonna able I can still go the
right way yes if it's an accident and
you say sorry it's okay cuz it's magical
but do you think that you did a good job
yeah
we're here at Ronald McDonald and
there's no mommy or Amenia so Eduardo we
can get anything you want or the queue
is low the best thing friends about a
McDonald's drive-through is that you do
not have to wear clothes I am currently
wearing my pajamas because it's freezing
cold outside and I just after we got
home upon pajamas on when we were after
cooking and stuff the car stuck in wrap
what should I get
I want something new Eduardo what do you
want Eduardo want a happy meal
hi can I get a vegetarian meal large I
also ordered a GoPro Hero 5 thing I need
as the one with a little mound thing
that sits here and it's really wide
I know I know we can't see because
there's a car in front but it's really
wide and so when we're all together in
the car and stuff I talk be really cool
to have like a car cam that we can have
so like capture everything without
having to balance the vlog camera and
Jiki a chicken allow Joseph Murphy no
one shows it loafie I see you die
where'd you get a little of me was it a
kinder egg
so because of Ana's need for a
vegetarian ever order the healthy option
in the McDonald's friends will always
have to wait for it you will always be
punished
for the healthy option what she is like
oh I'm gonna psyche just go ahead and
put the veggie burger on now love to go
outside to actually make it cuz no one's
ever ordered a veggie burger before
you
