I don't even know where to even begin
talking so I'm just gonna talk there's a
hundred million reasons why this year
has changed how I kind of felt about
YouTube and I'll be honest guys I really
thought about stopping YouTube
in mind we're coming in as there's a
piggyback for him we're flying
but flying high in the sky Oh if you
doesn't hear me the I promised Peter
your landing but today we're going to a
birthday party a bowling birthday party
what are you doing ah don't you
stripping off and then business a night
or the morning drive it's to air getting
cold now media has picked her outfit for
the party today haven't she what are you
wearing to the party mister do you know
what do what does one wear to a party
while bowling well well I think it's
breakfast time now oh so we're heading
to well yeah you can look out your
window we're heading to a birthday
parties double birthday party
no it's too cold you did it just look
different when you can see yeah I'm
really good at bowling though you know
and they put the kids in vain about
being on either side I'm like a pro then
and Eduardo is coming to of course part
of myself I usually go to birthday
parties Oh
so I started realizing like how they
didn't know in the beginning so I would
never ask but then one of the mums told
I think doniphon oh if you want to bring
like a sibling cuz they're so close in
age it's like really awkward when he
can't go you said it like awkwardly you
said it in front of Nicole and Nicole
birthday party his birthday party I
didn't bring him and she was like you
could have brought him I was like I
didn't know anybody that it was
different
but yeah the parent needs if you just
offer to pay their way then it's it's
fine but every time I've offered they
all say no they just they bring him so I
think I was just shy in the beginning
and I didn't like ask but yeah you
should always just ask
so I just feel bad but he is really
close in age we get so much out of it
though
yeah like and he is only 18 months
younger so all the people she plays with
he pretty much will play with - I need
only one year behind our school yeah
exactly
I know next year we're gonna double fun
or in a few months and we'll go to
college Wireless burn baby different no
I mean like college boy when a driver
starts school he's already be invited to
a few birthday party isn't he yeah well
I don't know if it works other ways no
but I'm saying like I met you like every
weekend it'll be like that's what it is
like that's crazy
sometimes like every weekend oh my
goodness guys look out hot Gators I get
at rapping on either side of the road
please we're not going that way Oh
whoever go now anyway home maybe they'll
be gone by the time we get home
all right grab a present do you not well
I don't I'm actually pulling up a semi
hood semi fried it's so cool oh my
goodness why don't you have had some
scarves done parent rail everyday
there's just five parent fails you can
make every day what Oh what are you
doing that space space what
all right let's go clunk I suppose he
wants me to carry him do you need to
know yes that's what I taught we have to
walk around water to Hollywood boys you
ready for Hollywood ball right here we
go Hollywood boho you guys have remained
a Hollywood Bowl I've been to Hollywood
but this isn't Hollywood have a pigeon
okay well let's go come on
come on guys
are you going Hollywood Bowl
nothing Bowl or no over here all right
you have to pick the right Bowl so look
at this one Oh God can you pick that one
up
all right this way
no wait wait wait okay put the ball put
the ball up no first of all your first
ball do it
oh you did so well
you ready no so look at my little son of
a gun Eduardo is 31 on the board
Eduardo is the champion all right no no
we got to do this right we got to do
this right
don't roll it the run oh okay okay slow
and steady slow and steady
oh no years of training for that one
come on
wait so I ordered these nachos and
everybody's eating them on me oh my
goodness guilty
what do I have any of them Eduardo did
you have a nacho new cheek wait and the
party's gone really well
the bowling lasted 20 minutes then
everyone got forward in the bowling and
went over to the arcade machine can we
have food here lunch we didn't we didn't
weren't supposed to get lunch my order
and not chosen this giant bowl of nachos
arrived everyone else bignum they
ordered like baby burgers
no no no kissing in here guys okay yeah
Joshy UK clubs pick one Josh rest one
two three pull
hope seat up shake up our seatbelts
first we have no idea the guys are going
on some experience here can you ride
hey the kids that have been hungover you
want to go again
alright we're on a rocky watch it hit it
hit it
oh no oh oh come on my window bar on 14
we're home by the way we're a home for
the holidays and in the control center
let's recall this place here under the
hammer my new favorite show now this is
ads guys anything that's not Ben or
Holly it's basically as you're on your
iPad mister but luck we got this in our
little a little party bag and look he
goes okay you got a birthday cake as
well did you have fun at the bowling
word oh you're actually really good at
bowling
I mean did you have fun meeting at the
pain D arcade games and every day I'm an
immediate immediate halt video put up on
the old friendliest and friendliest
friend ease it might be up hopefully I'm
trying it up in the next 20 minutes I
don't want to eat your birthday cake
right now no no guys it's all sit back
down there's nothing over there for you
okay ready came in lots of things from
the inner oh yeah not like these
Bobo more for you and meanwhile and our
dinosaur
whenever we're gonna have a big chat I
always try and find a good spot to sit
in so we can have our chat I don't even
know where to even begin talking so I'm
just gonna talk there's a hundred
million reasons why this year has
changed how I kind of felt about YouTube
and I'll be honest guys I really thought
about stopping YouTube every time or
making vlog right and then put it up
onto YouTube um and it wasn't like I was
getting like hate comments we were just
like like for example the chubby bunny
right so we made a chubby funny video
like everybody else made it shall be
funny video right and then I suck it
matters some social services saying like
Oh
chubby bunny videos like no dirt game
there's some legal well why doesn't
anyone else get that so then I go home
I'm just probably not too happy this
didn't I did like the prank video with
the kids and the fake spider then I get
a letter from social services like
whoever we've had a number of complaints
because you know people are feeling like
oh this is terrible this is terrible you
know and then it's like every time I
would make a video or do something
somehow like you know like there's no
secret lights I make my living by making
YouTube videos and the reason that you
can watch these YouTube videos for free
is because there's ads running on videos
right and sometimes when we're lucky we
do brand deals and sponsorship deals
with brands who basically are paying for
these videos so you guys can watch them
continue watching them for free
otherwise someday like if you take away
sponsored videos you know people are
gonna have to like you know start
charging you for watching their content
which we never really want that to
happen so we'll use sponsored videos but
then you know I'll do a video and then
people would like go to the brand start
making up lies and saying crazy stuff
about us and that makes the brightness
nervous because they're nervous enough
of
working with internet people anyway so
the new brands like pull out because
they're like oh this is really crazy and
then that affects my income and I'm like
but what would you do that that's really
mean he just got really complicated this
year you know people are just like
attacking us like every direction
everywhere we went you know any will be
like trolled in like every element of
our lives and we just I think you know
we just gotta I think the last straw was
in Sorento when our hotel was being like
riddled with like stuff and then like
his Eduardo had the chicken pox remember
Eduardo got the chicken pox
he didn't get anything he got it when we
got home a few days after we got home
but people just went nuts and started
like contacting my can you start calling
the embassy and then these are
contacting the airlines and our hotel
and just like room and buzzes not just
made us real like ah we're so done with
this like I don't need this in my life
you know and then I mean they started
school and we were terrified about the
idea of Amelia gonna school and somehow
school being ruined on us somehow people
would find out where she went to school
would like contact the school just try
and like ruin it because they constantly
try and ruin everything on us and we
just got so crazy paranoid about it and
I think that probably had an effect on
our videos you know and we weeded closed
up you know we really came together as a
family and just closed up the bridges
and shut the door and I said Connie
Jory's and the content probably was
feeling forced because I was forcing it
because I think I didn't know what to do
you know I really loved doing this but
then I just think I love my family more
and I taught that I couldn't do this
anymore the way I wanted to and then
when I said in December I wasn't gonna
vlog at the weekends because I just
always just started to think about not
doing this anymore you know it's coming
to the end of this year and we're going
into a new year and I think in you know
wouldn't it be cool if we could just
have a fresh start you know wouldn't it
be cool if we could just you know have a
fresh start in and give it another
chance
and hopefully you know we can I can keep
doing this because I love doing it I
really enjoy doing it I really want to
do it like I love I love you too man I
love making videos it's so much fun I
love that my kids get to do it I love
that I can look back on my life you know
it's crazy like I love that Amelia this
is how its baking videos you know on the
friendliest friend channel and Eduardo
does sometimes feel like maybe I should
just take it take a deep breath and go
for it again you know and and and just
see like maybe things are different now
I don't know I don't know but I feel I
feel like refreshed in a way I feel like
ready to give this another try
you know and it's a new year now I feel
like okay let's give this another go you
know new year we've got a new home we've
got a new baby we got an old intro it's
all it's all feeling like yeah bringing
it back to what it used to be what it
was what it was special about it was I
used to just say what I wanted and I
want to go back to saying what I wanted
I want to go back to unfiltered version
of myself I want to go back to when I
used to just vlog because it was fun not
because I had to not because I had to
think about every second word I said and
sometimes I say things wrong but that's
what is kind of real about YouTube
that's what's cool about YouTube you
know it's like you're capturing a real
person's perspective of the world even
though it might be politically correct
it might be like the same way that you
think it's just a real-life reality you
know that's what I want to go back where
I want it to be you know and I think I
think everyone I think it'll be better
anyway that's my ramblings of a madman -
2017 friends I hope it's a good one
goodbye
