I feel bad for them because like I don't
want them to be an any paint it'll be a
few days now cuz I have all the holes
you know it's like many good yeah you
got the hole and then remember that time
you got the dry socket thing
good morning in the morning and in the
afternoon it is for reasoning this
morning guys
for rose and ferociously frozen I have
these two little guys at me okay that
it's like crunchy crunchy crunchy thank
runchy it's Friday it's at this Thursday
this has been the sort so much battery
with a Friday
Oh anyway it does go into the vets this
morning hopefully this time we got it
right guys you want to sit in the front
or sit in the back and nice little car
seats break on through to the other side
break on through to the other side there
we go
let us sort you guys out now nicely well
guys it is an icy situation this morning
alright guys slow and steady said oh my
goodness my hair I was coming here
looking for it the dogs have been
dropped in for Albie Paul he just sold
it Thanks he always just say he
stretches it so much you know and sign
the stupid form of content yeah your dog
made on wake up for this he said you are
you okay with that
these are the struggles of working from
home friends
I got Masha and the bear they got
children coming in and stealing my
breakfast and giving your own breakfast
while stressing a child so the reality
lads you guys are cute you guys have
been caught being cute you're cute
what to reject of what's happening here
now the checkup time I just I just wanna
know how he's getting off my head in the
back but you realize that Mama's gonna
murder us I'm gonna put your oh my
goodness right so on I just pointed this
out she was just in my bathroom look at
this there's an infestation of spider
babies maybe they're not spider babies
let us know if you've ever seen that
before if you think they're spider
babies he'd wanted a spider babies 90
shower their spider babies you poured a
word oh yeah do you need some soup what
do you need you need cow poo do you need
cuddles for mommy daddy doesn't say when
I allow go to blue water mommy took a
very long time to get ready and that he
has to collect doggies video but I got
the video edited before you got your
hair finished no that's not true this is
Jo pump my hair finish around the same
time then you didn't trust either of em
so I had to stop to do that I dressed
him Eduardo who dressed you know
Eduardo who dressed you know exactly
that's the truth no he picked clothes I
put them on him no daddy dressed you did
you put your Ralphie's on nope anyway
this is a new way to polo shirt he
doesn't like thick oh not anymore but
you wanted their outfit yeah so Marta
story I was ready finished the editing
and everything and you had no I had
finished yet attained came upstairs and
you still still have not when your feet
are crinkly they are there like you need
to file them down or something
oh there's trouble did you hear the fun
going on in there what did you do this
hey Mina do you want to film a
friendliest Fred video where you show
all your Christmas presents let's go
Skeeter Patrol you see the lever will be
dropping an oregano my goodness ok a
good Speedy Gonzales here don't be go
too fast now wait now wait for mommy to
catch up wait for mommy to catch up
wait for mommy
she's inside she's gonna scare us come
on I get this little superfast
highwayman here oh it's funky heart is
it a bumpy part okay okay okay the worst
hair of my life because okay so it's
kind of a little bit back-breaking
because you have to bend over and pull
along the scooter you want a high chair
mister yeah so but it's definitely
better so that the kids going to scooter
than having to carry them
would you agree yeah it's so much easier
I'm bringing the stroller and they get
it and they get exercise and they kind
of got one out a little bit so I was a
good plan was a good plan lifter huh
scooters polite yeah I mean it just did
where you keep picture I'm gonna show
them what you did
no sorry I need to make an addition no
she was just she was just doing it to me
I like how you did the land and the sky
and birds so I used to do that
Oh what are these oh sorry sorry go
Monty Bojangles come on come on this way
follow me all right get up run inside
al-qaeda scooter in one go time off come
on
there it is I came in lardo I don't care
what I have on this little man huh this
little man look at you now you're like a
regular P the regular member of society
huh give you in so well mr. with the
toilet training ready do a big job
all right backpack on backpack on
backpack on first backpack on first
backpack on wash our hands then we'll be
on our way
yeah right yeah we gonna wash your hands
let's go Papa's far too big for you
what is it yummy
so yummy Eduardo cuz it figure than your
head did you pick the biggest lollipops
in the shop I think it Wario doesn't
know I think his is the same size oh we
got an update from the doggies by the
way vo I have to get 20 teeth taken out
it's so bad now you have to get eleven
so Javier has like three teeth left
hello pressed a button to transfer
images between cameras I was like what
well at least I'll be on fighting right
he's the most prone to bite and there is
no teeth will be like a gummy sort of
massage the vet said that the there
comes get a hard dough so sorry do I
know for Theo's really nice savvy and
feel when I get home she said that
because they worked together on the
captain medication and they kept them
together the whole day so because they
stay pretty calm which is good yeah 20
teeth taken out one sitting I know
that's quite bad but the thing is I was
21 I asked the vet like is there
anything that we could do if there's
literally nothing we could do except get
them descaled regularly which I mean
Albie has had his done Theo never
but the only four I'll be seven anyway
it's to do it the breed and it's just in
Maltese and I think a lot of small dogs
but I feel bad for them because like I
don't want them to be in any pain it'll
be a few days don't have all the holes
you know it's like when you got the hole
and then remember that time you got the
dry socket thing yeah I was the worst
rumor that was for wisdom teeth
oh yeah but still yeah but still like a
hole and they're not gonna get it but
I'm saying that over that time you say
that was horrible so I want to leave
nice comments with you and are we good
guys coming daddy and then okay and then
and then we then we come back here and
change ourselves back into ourselves
yeah
so we dress up like Daddy yeah you have
to do that's a great plan okay why don't
you dress up as - okay you can dress up
as deadly as mummy gonna play that game
okay
are they okay
dream y'all did you just say yo to my
Jimmy Choos is it a bit too long
okay myself and Eduardo are often in
adventure come on yes that's right
if you're naughty guys the monsters come
so you can never be naughty yeah but
it's okay because daddy's here oh okay
now we have to be really nice oh it's
back off again look there we go
abracadabra now remember we got to be
really nice to the doggies okay they've
had 50 million teeth taken out okay
Jabra this hold on a second would you
just stop abracadabra in for a second
right the vets alright now you're gonna
be extra nice tile B and C oh okay I
have to be really nice to them okay
do you promise
No all right kids are all in bed we want
to do something crazy
okay look at this this is the dogs
actual teeth that got removed isn't that
crazy - this is Theos teeth and this is
alby's teeth
it's not mental they're like look you
can see that they're all the body but Co
hat or that hobby has that's crazy isn't
it like you see in here there's like
little teeth stuff right and here's that
morning this one's a little bit bloodier
so look away here if you're not into
that kind of thing and that's so crazy
isn't it so Co lost 20 of them and I'll
be lost 11 of them poor little fellas oh
he look like a vampire okay only has
that you little the vamp oh he doesn't
cook a bit like a vampire one ha ha ha -
ha ha ha ha Oh Theodore hmm I folded a
room he also got special food for them
to eat as well the recovery packing look
over your back and then medicham looks
like a painkiller and then some more
stuff for them and then we gotta do the
rest of them but I'll be at the are the
only ones that actually needed like
their removal so hopefully the rest when
we just be like a quick descaling maybe
we could remove Bianca's voice her
barking this or read it I'm just gonna
scare it it's much
I'll be I was just about to go to bed
there guys I totally forgot to tell you
that there's gonna be a video on the
screen joins channel on Saturday and
will be a live stream on Sunday so
there's gonna be a video every day this
week so this is not the last video of
the week because there's a super special
video coming to live at 6 o'clock on
Saturday on the screen Joy's channel on
New Year's Eve
wait is that New Year's Eve thirty days
has September April May and November
that's a 31 damn it is that 31 what day
is today I'm confused
anyway that's all I wanna say okay
goodbye friends thank you for watching
today's video hope you enjoyed it don't
forget to come back tomorrow
