we ever run away we have to run away we
have a runaway boy i watch over a tree
Hey
good morning my bags under my eyes
good morning friends say hi Eduardo
media hey Pat burn-up hunts the train
then he'd borrow it until you finish
yeah can you borrow it until you finish
your breakfast yeah
is that good sharing okay she said you
could borrow it until she's finished up
right she did I can't hear you I can't
hear you say good morning hmm can you
talk we've all removed our trousers not
me but the kids have and maybe I want
our Eduardo wanted he's wigging out
that's what he said those are his words
so I've got this um illness going on
where I can't hear like my ears won't
pop I think it's a head cold and my I'm
like stuffed up but I'm not like
streaming or anything you know what I
mean like I don't really have to blow my
nose it's more I've got a cough but it's
all like up here you know it's not like
coming out here and Jonathan's got
pretty much the same thing I think but
he hasn't got the ear popping thing I
think he's more a key today I was a year
yes okay just being that by myself
anyway we just had our breakfast
now they're gonna start fighting over
words now
did you ask him for it nicely yeah look
how many stickers who got Eduardo so
many stickers I already did it for you
but I'll tell you what I will give you a
sticker for staying in your own bed last
night okay yeah do you want to stick it
on nah know what that oh you don't want
that one I love this is for being a good
boy and staying in your own bed and
drink we impose on the Paki okay what
did you do today and okay I mean it's a
little cutie okay so this little
squirrel it's just been eating out of
the house for ages yes I see you I'm
filming you this is on YouTube right now
you're famous also Theo has this lump
here and I'm like freaking out about it
but it only came up after the
vaccination why do things happen do
things up do your animals can't they
just a wine hmm
well you do have a lump on your back hmm
anyway so obviously the vets is closed
now I don't know what the deal is
Jonathan rang them today and they were
booked in for a date that they're not
supposed to be booked in for so I know
what's going on
they're still fighting so a few days
after Christmas
one must vacuum of the house lads
here's my little meal a meal a my friend
my friend old meal a we still have one
of those a pink one you know we didn't
get to make as many videos as I wanted
to in here for a friendliest friend
thing maybe I'll shoot some more before
I take it down I had great ideas and
plans lads maybe next year we'll do a
better we'll do a better effort next
year but my great plans oh sure great
plans are always late hello hello there
everybody excuse me I need to just I
need to just put this up here that's
okay wherever it was that okay everybody
the kids having an iPad a an iPad no
pants day yeah boy is that he's so great
oh I'm wonderful thank you Eduardo just
gonna do a little bit of vacuuming do
you want to help join in some chores Oh
the car battery is fully charged ready
to go I need to find somewhere to use it
like I said if you didn't watch
yesterday's video I kind of bought it
for the heads but we are moving too soon
it's quite a large middle hands on it so
it's more like a play with this thing
what vacuum the whole house please
come on I want this whole place
spick-and-span
I knew it was a good reason for having
children I can do all the work good boy
keep going
all up the stairs down when you're
finished
yep that seems about right baby sharks
upset sir baby sharks sharks turn baby
suck suck suck suck baby shark mommy
said stop start start mommy suck suck
suck suck
mommy shark shark shark mommy shot daddy
shark shark shark shark daddy shark
shark shark shark daddy shark shark
daddy shark
okay so what's important after Christmas
is the toasted sandwiches get all the
leftovers of the turkeys and the
stuffings and the stuff that you have
and you make the most amazing sandwiches
and you hope the doggies don't go crazy
okay so this is the Dwyer does it mean
is always read the kids like the crust
off for Angie crust here the antique
roast boom yank a shark shark truck
alright wardo you ready for this you
ready for Christmas leftover toasted
sandwich of 2016 huh
here we go mr. hater I mean yeah yeah
okay you eat your lunch
daddy will fix your iPad deal is it a
deal is it a deal shaking it up it's a
deal pinkie swear pinky promise no you
got it boys your pinkie give me a pinky
no that's the pinky it's a pinky promise
what I said that's it I don't know what
that one's called that's the index one
okay guys for safety and security I'm
gonna bring this okay yeah
fast mode
what see you later guys
here's the jump guys there's the big
drum oh you're a burnout burnout oh my
goodness I would like the dreams I would
have had I'm having something like this
as a kid but having the best ever
hi Albie Albie you want to go in the
tractor he loved it Oh someone's on poop
Patrol watch out for the king look at
these two little farmers look at them
here where you going
geez how'd it go pretty quick you see
yourself are you going
you
all right so we have a passenger you'll
bring it out before a little walk
I think Cena likes walking
tixinha likes that doggie over there
okay we're gonna try something silly but
amazing all right
climb in
he's still monkeys on the back I'm gonna
see if I can drive away you guys on it
okay right ready
you hold it on tight they don't fall off
mm-hmm
we should sell the cars lives yeah one
of these grand a new solution little
sheep farmers don't go too fast
tell me guys do you love this tractor is
it everything you dreamed of is it
everything you dreamed of generator you
are gonna run down over I got over 70
dogs kai you're going to run me over
choo-choo yeah take you to other dogs
looking a little jumpers what I know
that's your shopkins card it's really
important it looks so cute
oi roller we have a runaway we have a
runaway
we have a runaway why don't you open a
tree Hey
in right now get your foot up get your
foot
crane
no wait wait wait wait oh my goodness
guys Raiders of the Lost Ark it's like a
Christmas tradition or something in that
yeah yeah uploading vlog and love um yes
they were at four percent were five
percent to broli of loading out oh boy
huh seriously Indiana Jones is like
legend stuff floods oh my goodness guys
have you ever seen this movie Harry
Henderson this is the first movie I ever
saw in the cinema 1987 I was with my Cub
Scouts and we went to the first time
everyone is cinema I went see Harry and
the Hendersons oh my goodness that
brings back memories so I'm making some
sauce some sauce for pasta
this is just all well heating up and
then we've got onion over here half an
onion I'm gonna put in some chopped
tomatoes and some salt and pepper and
that's pretty much it and then we're
being a little bit lazy as we bought
these tortellini
actually these are tort tort Loney
and these are ravioli so we've got two
kinds on the call um yeah it's not very
traditional but you know so the kids
like it so we're gonna add the onion now
and I'll show you what it looks like in
pan in a minute okay we're just gonna
let these wet on the stove for a little
bit
and then we're going to add in the
chopped tomatoes I think I'm up wash
these up a bit beforehand at least
that's what my parents used to do I
don't know okay so I added another tin
of the chopped tomatoes I don't think
you know what I don't think you're meant
to actually mush it with your hands if
it's not plum tomatoes I think there's
just a plum product my parents to do
that way here I'm going to add that in
please don't squash all over me yes it
did
so I'm gonna let that sit for a bit I
don't want to scratch you and pinch you
come on rio-chan love come on rudeness
oh oh right it's the middle of the night
almost forgot to end the vlog friends
but then I remembered we watch this
movie called boy a boy or something
about this girl that gets hired to nanny
a little toy boy the more I'm talking
about it I'm at here in the middle of
the night as a walking - no but
there's even more thinking about the
little boy think it's kind of freaking
me out a little bit it's kind of freaky
man you should watch it and I Mossad
it's good but it's kind of freaking me
out of it the more I talk about you know
what else is mad just thinking what I
wasn't I said on Twitter there's only
four days like three days left for you
guys in this year this is the last year
where I'll be a dad - - in three days I
will enter the year that I will be a dad
- three it's not much no matter how that
happens like aren't even or to think
2017 Matt's new house new child new big
thing that's going to change everything
can tell you about it it's a secret you
a good boy friends I'm going into the
darkness
No
