this is over
what days today Christmas Boxing Day
which is a super Christmas where you get
to play with all your presents and I've
got cold you got bit
I've got a pencil Tower and SATA port
yeah II to pee poo pants Jonathan why
did you never use a place it's not what
you think
takes a hunk of panettone and then it
just like brings it with him inside like
we kind of some kind of heathen why are
you sitting next to him feel free feel
free I got the Christmas hangover you
don't cuz you prefer me it's not right
can you say that on camera it's true or
everybody says everybody says anathemas
Eduardo oh look at that she loves me
more than daddy
Bernie at the moment I'm not favoring it
wider if I'm spending way more time than
him and Eduardo keeps saying that he
doesn't like me and he likes t only one
study I'm really enjoying spending time
it is a no okay it depends on the
situation obviously and she's only
saying that now for like because I was
playing with her all morning but it's
like it depends on their mood and the
situation but like in general at the
moment it war it was like I want daddy I
don't want you fight you guys those who
immediately want it like me like guys
have quiet time guys mushy I asked for
quiet time and she'll like sit there and
draw or let you up there and call her
cool
come on Sina look at all of our mothers
say she has this new drawing pad
and why doesn't do that he doesn't sit
still come on which doesn't really suit
me at all I was like a total ADHD kid I
do not so I was not you are a nightmare
you murder called me or a nightmare what
yeah she can find it in me no she didn't
or you weren't about let's get her in a
call let's call her and ask me a
nightmare you had Jonathan I was like
the best toy ever I was exactly like her
I was such a little goody-goody
we are just legends that is a blatant
lie because she told me earlier this
month or this year last month she told
me that I was her only perfect child
horrible your guys everybody I am the
perfect one
I'm the diverse child I'm perfect
I think it's Betty I'm me and I love
this example a very much he never said
that
he never would have said that about him
dance polish you finished
oh they're such opposites look she
wanted pants she's asked me for a
Pandora peg Dvorak and he wanted to talk
it stars though still Christmas
can happen of them you know those days
we just angry at the world
ah I've heard I had the strats of me
oh the old school straps know you are
big girl one severe crash you go yeah
they get me out please
I mean it will unlock you there I'm just
like so super tired I felt like a head
cold or something I'm myself a night it
so funny cuz only yesterday we were
discussing about the fact that this year
neither of us really got sick at all
this year and can't just as I say and I
wake up the next day with a crazy head
cold I not a yesterday though and I'm
sleep-deprived yay don't go to the park
to bring the stroller for mr. Eduardo on
this way because sometimes he doesn't
walk and he expects me to carry him but
because today is the angry day it's not
the day to carry him it's immediate
listen to me it's very important okay
it's very important that you place so
much so hard so amazingly at the
playground that you want to sleep for
the rest of the day okay you are in
there oh you made it all the way huh the
pirate ship
oh you look you see the treasure can you
let me see what's in there what can you
see
Wow can you see London tres co-founded
wireless from eat the sky don't eat the
sky you're gonna eat the wind and this
guy yeah oh my goodness oh you want to
push it right oh all right hold on order
kick your legs I did higher Emilia no
when you keep stopping him push nothing
to a push and there you'll push again
there you go look at this this is great
we go home I what you can just get bored
already
well this is nice what's this guys is
this your little winter house your
little winter getaway this is your cafe
Oh coffee what kind of coffee do you
guys have whoa Germany cakes yeah
you have cakes as well this is that's
graffiti oh you have a customer oh we
need some coffee from the back oh she's
she's gone she's left the shop to get
the coffee oh we're back with the coffee
we're back with the coffee oh did you
have to get in a crossroad in Starbucks
as I had the coffee shop works there
did you Oh how's the coffee was it good
very good
yeah won't you go to interpret interpret
visor hold you get it
get back what amelia is protesting the
walk this walk is really important for
mom and daddy Sanergy it so funny every
one of their new toys that it is the
most fun thing to do on Boxing Day or
Steve we call it st. Stephen's Day in
Ireland you go down to the park you
going your Road and you play with all
your new bikes or cars or toys and
everyone airplane with something is like
a new thing is like you knit oh well
what did you do you Polly
what did you that's what we do oh no
revenue much it right let's bring in a
new stroller alright we were at the duck
pond and we are going to count all the
ducks oh yeah okay Mina start counting
how many is here 101 it's just one order
do you want to give this one a card
O'Hare look he's coming over to us oh
right okay this ones are kind of scary
aren't they do you think's Kwanza scary
no these swans are terrifying huh it
might be Coach one getting check whoa
look on the other side look at the other
side of this nose in them too deep
what does only one way to find out with
hack CTD do you think it's it's it's you
now what no don't tell me here will be
my best little girl then nobody no I
mean it you can't I told you you can't
be telling people your sister's name
okay oh hello hello hello
Oh No okay they're all coming over here
now me no what did you say to them
they're all coming over here oh no come
on has bred beside us we have traded in
the stroller for a trolley ed where did
you see the point it will keep eating it
then no you both want that are you guys
okay you just eat them away then if you
finish before we finish that means
you'll have to pay for it you know
there's actually a rule in the law in
English law right suggest says that if
you're pregnant you have a right to eat
any fruit and vegetables that you want
it goes back to like medieval times and
you can also pee in a policeman's hat
yeah so every time we're in London we're
like if you want to just ask a policeman
for peepees
but yeah what's that back out terms
of like one of those mobility scooters
for you I want one of them to be epic
guys do you know this is what mommy and
daddy lived off before you guys came
around we would live off this you buy
the package pasta and then you buy the
accompanying package sauce that was
basically our life find them like that
we already
yeah we already have them what do you
think yeah it's got a cool bicycle Amish
oh yeah awesome
oh no effort from all of that oh my
goodness guys look at these things
oh yeah pounds so you've been eating all
these like super healthy boring blue
chips things and every day I'd say all
media stop do it do it but don't do it
no I mean yeah no different than you do
it it's Christmas lads it's Christmas
Lucy's off at the moment she'll be back
in a week or two everything will be
great look at America ah full of grease
oh I'm gonna enjoy that I'm gonna eat
that is March are you all we need we
need all of these all of them all of
them we wouldn't have been able to get
back into our house Christmas is an
emotional time for everybody especially
boys and then we couldn't get our
doggies yeah I know that would be really
sad wouldn't it you emotionally media we
couldn't get back into our heads we have
no house then what would we sleep where
we see another he's for another half we
don't the keys yet for dinner house well
we can go and check to see if with the
windows open we could climb in
we good thing you didn't put it down
there it is it breaking in if you've
bought it okay another Boxing Day
tradition friends har that Bach huh it's
ginormous it's carrying all this stuff
up here and then of course oh of course
our bin collection thing decided not to
do a Christmas one this year so all we
have to keep all of this stuff for like
another week
oh my goodness this is that's all the
recycling stuff this is the bins aren't
too bad and the maintenance combat Maemo
mainly this is paper or from these two I
think the rest of the onerous plastic -
oh no this could be a problem that's
this is the most wonderful you just keep
singing out in your head
Joe be cool I had a talk guys
so unanimous Santa Claus comes and
actually like drops off all these toys
why doesn't send the Claus set up some
sort of a recycling program we're like
let's say on Christmas Eve the night of
Christmas Eve he drops all the presents
into boxes and then he should do a
complimentary follow-up service unlike
Boxing Day or the next day we would come
and collect all of the day or recycling
and rubbish the next day I don't know be
a good service you know we're all
getting want to get a bit more
responsible a better waste so like just
an idea mr. Claus be listenin right now
I suppose you're gonna be ones in the
video
Amelia's on the old pastor within Pat
time pad thai you know a pad thai
chicken pad thai I'm going for some
confidence from twixes and let's make
this Christmas special Oh we'll make it
special for your ass Oh we'll make the
most special video you've ever seen
what's you what you even watching the
interest
finding you need to start making that
work all right
vlog is done and for your viewing
pleasure because it was begging me to
make it super long I made it
32 minutes long I think I watched but
check this out look at this we have 4
percent battery left
woo and it's 4 o'clock that was close
lads was a close one but it is done
through and it looked amazing
it's from Carluccio's um which I think
this is the first time that we've done
fairly close this is what the kids got
mac and cheese which is actually a site
oh I got the chicken chicken and the
peas and the garden salad and the
potatoes yo and I got some pasta Oh
Bianca Oh Bianca hello maybe OSHA
 me we've stood oh look at me let ha
oh you can claim my tower now Eduardo
Lobby Bianca Bianca let down your hair
ok so there you go anymore I don't look
like you're any different you're not it
was a Christmas hits our Christmas kick
this is a party how are you going to do
each other's makeup okay huge eyes
makeup thank you all right this is the
brother or sister makeup challenge in
the shower
don't we still on you yeah Pooh and
Piglet like to share his name is poo
yeah
squeeze - poo do you care Legree dump it
he or knows how to cheer up poo are you
touching the poo
alright kids room bed we're about to
watch this movie the shallows just got
it
just I got it for next 48 hours when you
guys want to watch it just hit me up you
can watch it for next I rented it
instead of buying sometimes I buy but if
I know I'm never gonna watch it again I
rented it the shallows and I saw a
trailer for it so she said that we
wanted to watch it I've seen all of
these okay so we're also making this is
like a Christmas nightly routine this is
what we do look at I've taken out its
Pringles the devilish things is it okay
I found whipping cream Oh whatever you
were making it yeah that's kind of the
only option that I had okay
them marcin's like yes is it making
fluffier like single cream yeah but
single cream is always too thin
yeah always way too thick and it's like
it's like you're eating and you'd like
one and a half cream I think that's what
it is huh cuz it makes it nice and
fluffy this is what I have I don't have
cream I have ambrosial I can only buy a
little cream a little one because I'm
the only one hey Anna Anna just says
that night and it's bourbon look at you
to host a party dancing button anyway we
got this M this is a deal for organic
pudding tonight we've had loads of
puddings but it's nice to Dale for I'm
not eating all that and when you do a
quarter I love pudding
leave a comment yeah leave a comment if
you like Christmas pudding I love it but
the only person in this house that eats
the Christmas pudding I have hope that
it wired it will be my pudding boy soon
I don't think either of ours
oh well more for us and right friends
we're gonna go we need our things watch
our movies we're gonna pop - we stopped
goodbye friends this is our boxing night
what was that what were you saying it
always gonna make this Montel you gonna
eat that
oh just make it all because they're like
I with the same as I always make a whole
thing a coaster til I find like a bite
little ones all right gone my friends Oh
see you tomorrow
