oh my goodness noise excited
hello friends and welcome Christmas Eve
it is the eve of the Christmas and we're
starting the celebrations hurry the
elves have brought presents Oh Lord it's
gotta be here
a gardener what time is it this little
fella right basically toilet-trained in
like two days
he's ridiculous huh he went from peeing
in pull-ups Wow
to light no more accidents he goes to
the toilet every time he wants last
night okay
he got out of his bed when over use his
potty because we hear Thomas saying
engine up and then I got my candy back
like what so it's a Christmas tradition
we always get the panettone we normally
started in Christmas but immediately as
demanded for a Christmas breakfast on
Christmas Eve so she has demanded five
at I've already started my one cuckoo
cuckoo there it is this the one if
you've never seen raised before comes
like this and it's in a little package
right and then you get this doodle this
is basically powdered sugar that you
pour at the top of it okay so you're
going to pour the sugar in here like
this close back up the bag with the
sugar stress inside it alright and then
we just make sure you get it now it's a
Christmas one it's no it all over your
breakfast joint the whole thing yeah
guess is you don't know what it is no
you don't want chocolate cake oh that's
nice of you media you're a good sister
okay who ordered hot chocolate with
marshmallows and chocolate toppings now
which one is which guys it's time to
open the last door glass door Media pull
it open did you get a present and a
chocolate all right have you guys been
playing along with the advent calendar a
game what it what it was okay because
it's over now and everybody last night
everybody got the thing but and what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna make the theme
Isaac by the time you're watching this
video I'm gonna actually make the thing
live anyway but each one of these doors
had a letter on it and the letter
actually spells WWE calendar friends
calm and when you go to calendar friends
a combo is a countdown until Christmas
Eve midnight Christmas Eve on the 23rd
of the see going into midnight and then
it released a special video so if you
want to watch that video I'm gonna leave
a link down below we can go directly to
and it has been unlisted on the back of
that site but I'll make it public now by
the time this video goes live and linked
down below you can go and watch the
special video that exclusively went to
the peeps first who figured out the
mystery of the calendar I've been hiding
all of Jonathan's presents in my closet
so I'm going to get them now and he has
promised that he's not going to come out
of his room so I'm gonna try and get
them all out he still is like being mean
about his presents like he still refuses
to believe it but they're good which is
really annoying me to be honest because
he just thinks I don't know did I say
this in another video I think I did four
also said on on snapchat
I'll get confused now but and that he
thinks that I bought things for a gift
guide video and then decided to just
give them to him but it all the way
around I bought things for him and then
decided to make it into a gift guide
video look at me but he thinks that he
oh there's me there's me
my little Christmas songs look how cool
they are though how cozy are they they
make your feet look massive I look like
I've got duck feet but I love them
waiting
it's like Christmas they just want to
bite Edoardo gave up on the movie and
he's gone up study lit fun and if I was
doing amazing on sided training I'm so
impressed with him I feel like both my
kids did it better the second time
around because we started with both of
them at like two and a half but it was
just too early and then for like 2 and
3/4 is that perfect age for them what
are you doing Bianca oh she burned a toy
the media wants to wrap her own present
for daddy don't you yeah and she's just
asked me how do you have a present so
I'm going to show her all right I'll
show you how you do it and then you can
you can do it and I'll tell you what to
do all right now this is a cup so it's
quite difficult it's quite tricky to do
that's really hard watching here but
look can you stick the tape on for me
stick it in the middle there good girl
okay
the ribbon and get place goes wait wait
a minute wait I'm just doing the ribbon
first top
Hey look what a media wrapped for daddy
heard you want to label on it yeah label
I think cool remember I think the
wrapping gives it away
okay want this sparkly one yeah all
right you want to write that okay you
sit in your chair and we'll write to
daddy loves Amelia Navarro that looks
lovely
oh oh okay let's take it on oh that's
well under the tree very good Amelia you
wrapped your first present oh geez
alright come on mr. Tudor oh gee pours
huh
okay ready okay we're gonna knock in the
door you say Merry Christmas when she
answers the door oh my goodness oh my
goodness is an amazing little guys oh
he's not going on right over okay you
think our house is bad look at this
I'm a doggie do we got to say many dogs
oh my goodness has put this down that's
free that's for you it's for it's a
mommy yeah oh my goodness is just to
fall my goodness oh where do we take it
oh look at this
my goodness remember
don't you oh yeah is that the one why'd
you want a puppy for Christmas word oh I
miss the cheapy you play with who
playing with your little babies yeah
it's Santa Claus come at all you guys
Santa Paws apart from mr. chips uh-huh
oh no no no no or Bianca Oh baby look at
this Cayenne it's just like at home it's
that difficult look at the little puppy
in the middle of them all up look at
running oh my goodness I'll take it
oh she's gonna get a drink bumpy bumpy
bumpy look at her she's so cute running
along with them all what what the check
or the phone I'm gonna try and take a
picture of edoardo with all of the dogs
just so I can tweet that oh yeah you
strike her yeah oh I see the liquor
she's a liquor Jase oh no he's eating
your hair it was so cute good job
everybody good job everybody
you guys can do the next Harlem shake so
we are leaving out stuff for who Santa
yes because it's almost bedtime
yeah yeah
okay so medias got the plate where's the
minutes pie that was good job all right
we were watching Santa Claus on the
NORAD side he's currently wardo he's in
Russia right now you know your friend
Sophie and Alexander he's at their house
Oh miss hi oh let's put an ad for Santa
Claus
what's the courage for oh do you the
courage point you put in here okay this
is where the tree is yeah this is where
Santa's gonna come in he's gonna come
down the chimney
and carat so he comes down the chimney
here all right oh that was clever that
was clever but the doggies were funny
eat it yeah why don't you want to then
he's gonna come over here Melia and he's
gonna have a nibble here and then he's
gonna put all the presents down here and
then he's gonna go yeah yeah
and then Amelia he's gonna go to go
upstairs but then he'll think oh yeah
Amelia and wardo don't want me to go
upstairs it's not right Santa stopped
here oh yeah you see that sign says stop
do not pass that's how he'll know now
what do you think Santa likes a drink
yeah guys nailed it with this you hope
he get caught and I like remember I eat
other bits of the blue I remember that
last year you nibble Santa Clauses food
here why don't you not eat for the milk
you want to pour the milk mister okay oh
nice not too much not too much you know
and dairy slows him down he don't him to
me to get lazy be careful in media okay
you're all set
are we ready and look this sign says
Santa stop here that means he knows that
he should not let go up any further okay
so you don't have to worry about he
won't come upstairs okay and all your
presents are gonna be here are you
excited guys oh okay we're checking
America all right everyone
Eduardo tell me I am a magic keep the
milk and I need to make pies
thank you fixing there's this Karis mom
all right friends we're gonna go now and
we're gonna go to bed
we're going to excited for tomorrow
morning focus we present no wait wait we
gotta say goodbye to our friends person
bye dear what's that bye say bye friends
see you tomorrow
yup yeah exactly
my friends will see you tomorrow but for
you I'll see you in a second
good night
there's a Chili's complete spam so fresh
that frosty itself would be proud
Eduardo please explain to me what you're
doing
did you eat all of these chocolate sauce
snowman okay look to eat it then I did
another block oh I like it mm-hmm
marshal my god
where's okay immediate first got up at
about 3:00 a.m. and she came down to our
bed and she got in and we were like what
time is it I felt like what is this like
crazy let me figure out 3:00 a.m. so we
explained her that Santa Claus had gone
because she was terrified you want to go
back to bed so put her back to bed and
then at about half six seven o'clock we
were like hmm we couldn't hear anything
and then we started hearing him talking
away and then the media came down really
excitedly and showed us like she's like
oh my goodness I got this I got this to
me like Oh what where's Eduardo and she
was like I was up in his bed I was like
hmm he was a little bit too quiet so we
went upstairs I would sneak to check and
I'm not so I felt there and he sits in
the bed just like he just opened his
stocking the first thing he found was a
box of chocolates and he just started
eating the chocolate I didn't even look
at the toys I just sat in the bed eating
the chocolate he's so funny definitely
my son is definitely what I did when I
was a kid so I was obsessed Iquitos on
my hair with the doggies just doing a
little peepee in the morning Merry
Christmas Nevaeh
Merry Christmas never here if this is
your first Christmas with us welcome and
Merry Christmas
for some of you this could be your sixth
or seventh Christmas even that's mad now
is there some good boys and girls up
there yeah
are we sure I think I got the most
present is here oh this is your this is
your last chance now tell me are you not
here nice yeah nice are you sure you're
a hundred percent positive what do you
guys want for christmas can't remember
all right oh my let's see if anything
came did you get any the tractor with
the two seats
no oh my god oh my goodness guys duardo
excited is it do you see something you
see something so I guess our kids were
good this year
what did you wrap this oh hey why don't
we open your presents first yeah this is
stuff from Oman whoa you got some cool
new books oh yeah we needed new books
didn't which one did you guys oh here
and two Amelia yeah
let's see all these Christmas reindeer
and we got the mousse that canceled
Christmas what did you get word Oh
you don't know yet guys why don't we
open them one at a time
yeah I know why don't we open them one
at a time guys what is that Amelia on me
I thought what's wrong for what is it is
it the ferris wheel sticky ponies voted
Wireless turned this time exactly
exactly that's why we're all gonna do it
together the family so he could look
Eduardo got a Peppa Pig set to okay so
make it Wireless pile over there please
all right you are oh your turn them over
turn right turn right make a little
circle right I got his picture
whoa with you that one next Lily okay
let's see where our dough gosh oh yeah
hey George is superhero kit oh yeah
because good that the elves have gone
home guys they just left a little close
there
Santa collects the elves and bring the
elves back to the North Pole now yeah
open the big win Amelia
is it what is it
what oh lucky I got it oh wow he must've
been watching them as well
you got that and the ferris wheel Wow oh
why this okay why did you want open the
big one I did you okay bar to see what
you got yeah that's it
oh that's from oh man oh look more I I
use the other Elsa I got oh please Wow
Tim - it says Alex oh ah oh cool is that
fun yeah did wait they don't buy your
phone whoa-ohh-ohh in another book the
snowstorm
Oh waiting for this time of year this is
your favorite time of year
I wonder what this is this is my son
yeah never gonna build it is that what
you always wanted
exactly oh is that a media shimmer and
shine shimmer and shine doll hey it's a
guardo's turn oh wait I think you're a
loser that running yourself yeah why not
what do you do let go oh I'm some kid
here Wow in that mystery our oldest
mystery ones in there
oh yeah something quarter what's that
you don't know what is it
Oh Merida you don't know oh nice clothes
right oh oh I like this one
what Oh double shopkins yeah two
shopkins oh my goodness you're so you
got chef Club who's this one yeah he's
happy that one choice to go off and play
there so differently so what's enemy
yeah oh shoot collection did you just
get a shoe collection that is so cool is
so cool the air TR and everything I
think that might be okay yeah yeah from
Omaha you're very good at spotting your
name Oh Eduardo is just like yet he's
got one toy we live in there let's have
two it is one toy oh I think you want me
yeah
someone's excited for Santa Paws Santa
Paws has come
oh my goodness Sina Anna scene is
actually opening the thing up she always
does it oh look oh look at her so she
knows the present bird oh sorry I'm
gonna skip it
Santa Paws has come guys around I got me
guys all actual old slippers we've all
seen the videos you probably already
knew but they're amazing I've always
gotten a nigga close the thing oh my
goodness people here what I'll be my
goodness what it's time to bring you
guys what it's time to bring you guys oh
my goodness oh oh oh Santa Paws
we're just I'm trying to open it oh no I
think Emilia is tired to smile you tired
in India you didn't get up too early did
you you didn't come in to mommy and
daddy's bed at 3:00 a.m. ha ha were you
a bit excited for Christmas
why are you was it a good Christmas was
it the best Christmas ever
yeah oh no all right 15 hours later it
is pretty fast media just be careful hey
don't worry it's on slow motion mode
this is cool all right drive guys stare
stare stare stare turn to the right turn
turn turn there you go
hold your foot down ha ha is it the
dream is it the dream is this what you
always wanted my turn turn turn turn
what are you going
so it actually comes I think that's to
break now it is the yellow cap for a
gray capillary yellow so it comes with
actually two gears on it which is really
clever
so there's fast mode and slow mode that
was on slow mode do you want to try fast
mode no I'm gonna class
what about for a little second we test
it out fine it's turning around Oh Oh
John Cena yeah we're gonna do it for a
second we're gonna test superfast mode
ok
would you stop that now put my hand in
here move all your dresses princesses
okay um now be careful when Daddy says
stop you take your foot off it okay you
ready
go oh my god oh my goodness you guys you
need a whip spin what the hell go we
must spin oh my good ok ok ready push
your foot down stop me I mean you have a
license steer does it say to say see you
say ok go go go go go
oh my goodness looking for cities all
right stop stop stop stop stop stop stop
oh my goodness give you there okay and
all is okay in the world oh my goodness
guys how much fun is this huh are all
the kids still okay kids are okay oh my
goodness
12 OTC what day again pass mode hey
could you think daddy can't ravish all
right Christmas dinner has been served
just finished making it
I made the stuffing balls we got the veg
and thingies we got a half turkey this
year because not as many of us and some
gravy and it is gravy lives duardo
having a tantrum awesome the media isn't
here we just spit on the live streams
you look back on the channel the video
before this you can enjoy that we are
gonna go and have our dinner and then we
can eat all the chocolate in all the
world you excited for us don't have an O
have a time boom come on let's go
conga line inside dinnertime Christmas
dinner time all right friends it's a
little while later follow the lighting
so my mom Oh Christmas sent me this
thing - laser lightshow or something so
I figure might as well give it a go the
kids are like hooked on chocolate and
we've had our dinner we've had our
turkey and we offer sleep for a while
and then we woke up and we add more
chocolate where are you guys going come
on back here back here for the laser
light show you're gonna miss the laser
light show it's a one-night-only
spectacular tickets are limited no no no
no leave the car there I'm charging the
car for tomorrow I'm gonna go on an epic
car adventure tomorrow so I'm trying to
charge the car up but let's get this
going we're going to end the vlog
tonight with a laser show
are you you have your own little laser
show going on there okay no idea
expectations be managed okay all right
guys you ready you ready for this
stand behind daddy stand behind daddy I
have the thing turned on here leaning
against me
stand behind daddy okay ready look at
the house ready fire Oh guys look at
that isn't that cool
oh it's like the matrix whoo that's
pretty cool isn't it Monica's comp pink
now aah whoa oh my god is this mental
look at the ground guys just be careful
don't look at it okay I know you're
gonna look at now that I said that don't
look at it it's like being inside the
matrix Shh
what you want to touch you I don't think
you can touch it like literally you're
tangling yourself up all right it's the
end of the night we belong had nap coma
turkey comas you fell asleep in your
bedroom didn't you did you have a turkey
coma you've got some chocolate on your
face it were how much chocolate do you
think you've eaten today Oh
all of it I ain't gonna make you do eat
all the chocolates in the world guys oh
my goodness look at that look at that it
a turkey special there look at media
look at that eat turkey turkey nerds
don't forget that Easter don't be no
that is not no no no I'm gonna put you
in there but you're in my belly huh all
right friends we're gonna go what's
missing cheese I hope you enjoyed our
Christmas video
stay tuned tomorrow for our boxing day
video oh my goodness right oh did you
bump your head did you bump your head I
heard a head bunker we hear the head
punker is it Ali I'll come here come
here come here
oh this is the worst Christmas ever I
know hmm I hope you had a Merry
Christmas or Happy Holidays if you don't
support the Arts don't do the Christmas
thing yeah goodbye and I'll see you
tomorrow
and bye
oh and don't forget to watch the special
advent calendar secret video thing that
was released to everybody I had a
calendar but then I remained in public
this morning so I'll leave the link down
below or actually enter the end screen
thing here watch it enjoy it can he call
me hey guys
it's Christmas
cause it's Christmas
justice
you
