we're gonna say Merry Christmas to you
to you hello hello
when does it start I don't know Merry
Christmas Tia Maria Evan Marie telia
Holly Maisie Cameron hon if it gamer
Advocaat Dave like a boom box Allah M&A
Holly Mathilde chlo√© flirting no Ellen
Ava Merrick Edward I was y'all I mean
it's gonna tear see I'm not like the
other family your fairy
are you get your bike oh really like are
you any doctors so we've had a lovely
Christmas morning he's been fantastic I
don't know if you guys follow me on
snapchat but I almost killed the
children
I bought them what they always wanted
which was a giant tractor thing and I
wanted like a battery-powered one like a
really powerful and so it'll be able to
like drive up hills and mountains it was
a terrible idea because it has a turbo
motor I do it and the thing is like four
or five miles an hour I know it doesn't
seem like a lot four or five miles an
hour but four five five there's crazy it
did like wheel spins what can you see
did you go and look at that his laptop
could you see him in there yeah hey do
you want to show all your friends what
you got for Christmas show me what you
got for Christmas Eduardo what you guys
did you can't Peppa Pig and George toys
what show me all of them whoa what's
this house word oh whoa that's so cool
who says
shopkins do you like shopkins you don't
know that's Amelia shopkin hey what is
that what does that thing do they got so
much stuff guys head we flip this camera
rental alright so you guys are gonna do
kids are gonna do a proper crystal ball
on the friendliest render in a few days
because there's so much junk ah you want
to go in the car again you want you for
baby I'm not a ladder
oh sorry fairy yeah do you have a baby
no tell me
we're gonna come out is it ah oh no my
kidneys cousin Eduardo can you say Merry
Christmas everybody
sorry fairy princess can you say Merry
Christmas
he's up there getting her am stocking I
think so we also got this Ben and how do
you rocket thing and I got me a pair of
old slipper things they're so common
about never - there's so comfortable
friends and Oh Anna Hazare has invited
us up and why don't we go to mommy come
on go upstairs I hopefully am oh the
elves have gone home guys and look they
just left their clothes their they just
left their clothes behind I was building
a car here all morning when my tools the
cars outside we have a little shoe thing
what
you know hold on it's gonna get worse
not have a quick
there's the car inside there Oh dad's
it's crazy it's crazy okay back inside
back inside we're not using a car right
now let's go upstairs into a mummy in
the media or up team
hey what are you in a hole Joe baby okay
come on dr. Eduardo Cairo wouldn't be
Christmas morning if he didn't have to
build a hundred things can you open us
okay let's go so open open up we pop up
we pop don't mind mommy's orange boxes
spoilt rotten lads Italian spoils spoils
off we go
oh that's a carrier bag as well anything
else I need I have your baby in your bag
sir I have everything I need
yeah hey super Sara gaming got a PC for
Christmas that's cool ha ha good one
did you hear is the chakra that Eduardo
ate at 4 o'clock this morning hmm
get your fingers get over there now go
inside the shell inside to mommy
hello Mia no are you writing a list hmm
I've seen her makeup you look very
Christmassy there I know I'm crossing
I'll plate snowflakes just you dinner
Christmas lookbook you know no where is
everyone
oh this is some of that some of the
stuff the Kitty's got over here is this
all of me Amelia since all your stuff
hardwired herself she makes emission
matched
you have too much food so she said oh
boy I see you guys
I say that's her keys in the open wire
though the veteran who's you look at you
get you to Amelia I need you to tell me
what you got for Christmas get away from
the chart from truck get away hope you
get media where's your sucking this is
going he's like although when I was a
kid that's what we assumed I self my
brother we in sit in bed and we would
eat like an entire selection box of
chocolate before we got out of bed in
the morning and sometimes you'd be
sitting I would like chocolate all over
your face and my mom would come in she
be like did you guys eat any chocolate
we were like no goodness no we didn't
need any chocolate at all it would turn
out the creating all chuckling okay show
us what you got Amelia Joan first first
show me your acrobatics jump to the bed
this is live there's no time for
mistakes
all right talk me to talk with you what
you got here do you want to see the
camera here you go selfie mode okay see
you got some chocolates excuse me are
you I thought you are showing us your
stuff you were just after the chocolate
my goodness all of you what I'm
confiscating at all now what's this in
media solution oh my goodness I've never
seen such messin in my life anyway here
we go so oh I got a mini drove you guys
all seen the video
oh my goodness okay guys guys listen to
me
do you want do you want a piece of
chocolate yes both of you need to stand
here and sing a nice Christmas song for
everybody go tinkle pista how I wonder
what you ha ha ha in the sky twinkle
twinkle Christmas star how I wonder what
you are signing over Bethlehem gotten
free Todd wise old red travel in a
faraway you find a baby game Wow is
really good Amelia everyone hit the like
button for Amelia singing crush it crush
it huh okay give us another song they
said they'll do another song do one more
song one more song okay we already know
that one few deaf one it Santa Claus
song do you know any Santa Claus sons
the other one that's very good okay
everyone promises they're gonna hit the
like button and as long as you sing them
is some and we're gonna see how many
likes we can get for your song by the
time you're finished are we ready
me where hazel singing as they run big
step it's a big step could see you will
find a baby king in a manger
I'm flying everywhere and old angel
singing as they fly
big sexy big sacristy you will find a
baby king
well done I mean it was so nice why did
you have a song for us why don't you
have to do your song to get your
chocolates okay here we go wired oh
Ciccone Jolie is gonna sing us a song
hi guys guys guys hi shotgun Steelers
come here give me that
you too crazy it's a good unedited
version of security droids what put one
hand down what's gonna happen to me put
my hand down let me put my hand down
like this and nothing's gonna happen
hi did you need another one Amelia my
goodness you guys are crazy
I thought you were gonna show everyone
your nice presents okay you promise to
do a Christmas haul on friendliest
friends for all our friends okay yes
they're so crazy all right friends hey I
think that's a table we got time for
because these guys are going crazy
these are not
it's almost as long as it's gonna short
video also you know we em I've hope with
a kind of a fun idea of something we can
do so I'll still be putting up videos at
the weekend it won't be like vlogs like
what we traditionally used to do before
we stopped but it's going to be other
kind of videos and I think it's going to
be really cool so you should still get
seven saucony Jolie videos a week but
they're going to be a mixture you know
five of them will be the daily vlog one
of them will probably be at the moment
mornings gonna be a live stream and the
other one's gonna be something special
that we're working on huh all right say
goodbye to our friends and wish them
happy Christmas
goodbye chocolate Lolo oh I don't want
to say goodbye for we go let's go to
mommy and let mommy say goodbye
come on our friends did you have a good
Christmas and as a Coney Jolie yeah I
wasn't wanting you to go and I was just
like every Christmas oh so you're like
say goodbye huh not exciting all right
we'll think about our friends bye see
you guys on Monday for the spec tomorrow
on tomorrow morning screw enjoy these
guys I have recorded like two hours of
footage over the last few days it's
gonna be in Amer hit me up on Twitter
let me know leave me in the comments and
then exception leave me in the comments
should I do a super long Ciccone Jolie's
on Boxing Day a boxing day st. Stephen's
Day you can't calm down calm down
ah let me know guys until then signing
off goodbye friends see you
