let's start today's video Oh when a good
old-fashioned door opening good morning
and welcome to Ciccone Jolie's video
diary of the firm the firm loves the old
Irish family living in the Big Smoke
the Masters governs the Big Smoke
London's like the smoke cloud yeah I
tried to think of something bigger
anyway I gotta go collect Eduardo from
his mates guff he's over his friend says
this morning and then gonna go drop in
to school school life all righty-roo
order what's that just just a pair of
horses just a pair of horses huh looking
at you I was looking at the horses just
there and now I'm looking at you mister
cuz you gotta go to school did you have
fun this morning what are you sitting on
oh I got it right up your bike every
bike I won't let it fall
okay for school
don't be a fool go to school don't true
when you're in school trying that cool
when you're in school I can't think of
any other things I'm running quiet water
though well you make it this down or
you'll make it a start sound you wanna
do it wat oh hi Rita
Hercules the song you want pop music
like this one riders off to school off
the school so I've just got my nails
done
for Christmas I don't know if you can
see but it's red with gold sparkles it's
so festive let me see if I can show you
there we go
how festive and sparkly is that I love
it
and then Helen just dropped by the dogs
presence so let's take a look at what
she brought and I have something for her
too but of course in regular me Anna
style haven't dropped it yet so that's
great
oh I see them oh my god can you guys see
oh my God look how cute oh they're gonna
be so excited when they see these oh
thanks Helen
can I come downstairs please no no
waters doing the toilet training as you
can see you are you are you a nudist no
baby come on little make you baby all
right I gotta go old school
oh yeah didn't you two peepees in your
party today oh yeah
well dude why don't we Livi's toilet
come what happened when you peed in it
did it sing look at it sing you don't
know
he's telling the story of when he peed
today Oh No
Eduardo peed in his party today friends
oh are you going to school is mommy
gonna skip mommy daddy have to go to
mommy and daddy school you know know
what's yours yes your is mommy daddy go
to your school now who goes to your
school yeah you like your game cause
you're gonna bite my sprinkles don't
point my sprinkles why no don't be a
sprinkle biter it sprinkle pointer hmm
you minded my mommy and daddy have to go
on date night tonight okay really
important it's really important for
mommy when I get home I'll come and
check on you make sure you're okay all
right no you don't want us to go do you
love me too much
what do you love me the most in the
world am I your favorite daddy am I your
son of a gun ah did you guys make these
today Wow
was it hard to make it Wow
don't be eating it is Eduardo swine oh
my goodness did you guys see this look
this is Eduardo second day in nursery
there cute is this
look at him there he's playing at all
the toys and everything it's so cute
look this is Eduardo first day in
nursery huh he ripped it up when he got
home how cute is that it was this first
day in nursery
that's so cute I'm gonna these are the
pictures for your 21st birthday mr. mr.
running around nudie nudie are you stop
picking that
stop penis you are a little monkey bye
guys
bye guys be good where's the balloon be
good to the balloon okay oh no where's
the balloon oh Jesus where's the balloon
the balloons be neglectful we are headed
into for date night and both of us are
really tired like always
yeah we were thinking about drones in
that passengers movie tonight begins it
open cuz we wanted to see that for a
while but Plus everybody want to watch
Oh a the movie is like such a commitment
no like a commitment you end up rushing
dinner or else having dinner afterwards
which button actually never happens but
and then you go and you watch the movie
and then it's all of a sudden it's like
really late when you're getting home and
then you feel like so tired I think it's
just a parent thing you know the parent
thing is I think that a young people
yeah I remember you'd go to a movie and
then afterwards you get food and then
you might go ahead and do something like
like are you mad
take this but over here okay that's how
the game works
that's how the game works I just go you
know what though I need to buy a
panettone we do need a couple of tiny
Tony's do you want don't buy 600 CE I'm
so disorganized ages ago I haven't
wrapped anything though that's great
I never everyone's like going away going
home when I haven't given them anything
cuz I haven't I'm like Pinterest makes
me feel like I'm just like I can't do
anything right
my house is a mess my life would
remember that a black mirror episode
with the Instagram yeah she got the
coffee into cake and she took you by
that van she's like it tasted horrible
but she took the Instagram and it got
lots of attention it's like yeah it's
fake life I know I like to keep I think
our blogs are real I like to keep our
blogs I don't know what this has to do
with having Christmas presents wrapped
on time but because like you know it's
like yeah I was seeing some pictures
where it's all like at the nail place
today and I was like literally all this
is what happens on Christmas Eve I don't
end up enjoying it all I do is I end up
wrapping presents because I leave it all
till the last minute so I wrapped
presents all night until like 2:00 a.m.
at Christmas Eve and then we're woken up
at like 5:00 or 6:00 a.m. and you're
like are you serious
and there's another woman getting her
nails done beside me and she was like
nodding the whole time like that's
exactly what I do think about I think
you were like oh we all get the kids
kisses presents when I went out to get
Christmas presents and you got the kids
because do you know what happened I
ended up overcompensating for aguado
thinking that Eduardo didn't have enough
presence and he's got more than a media
and my special big cool present that's
hiding in the garage so Amelia has
actually got a bit less than Eduardo so
I think I might save some of it Wireless
for his birthday
because I didn't really like it I don't
know why I was doing
and then I think anybody's view from me
if you give me a present is it no I
bought you a whole bloody gift guide
yeah I haven't seen the gift guide lads
that's the idea that's why it is your
Christmas presents are you insane I'm
just gonna rename that to Christmas haul
and real brothers just rename a very
important Christmas tradition like his
panettone YUM
and we're gonna get some here it's okay
they do look really cute these are like
handmade ones that are so good
Valentin is where you come I did it
backwards see all Italians are small so
they need that little step thank you
you're taller than me
and the free ones I want a free one just
no more plastic will cast your plane yes
so now we're happy day like this one
South Anna's raisins raisins yeah that's
the one I want all right we may have
overdone it
oh well good thing we've parked just
here so we don't have to go very far oh
look at these guys if you do not buy
these they are so good I never heard
about them until you introduced me to
them do you have authority to open up oh
you do
so oh you wanna skip Christmas Santa
Claus won't come into your room this
year he only got the answers I won't let
him I'll say no mr. Claus he can't come
in to Mia's room did you don't want him
to come into your room do you start to
close in on often at me his room and
next to my door you can assign next so
on Christmas Eve we will put it on your
door yeah and then it's Santa Claus for
know and you don't have to tell him okay
you'll know how to wake up when santosh
um you know how to wake up when I'm
under Chris
okay we hate you know what else we're
doing tomorrow you and me in the duardo
and loads of your friends from school
are going ice-skating and after that and
a little bit later
Livie and Imogen are coming to my room
yeah I think they're coming here
tomorrow yeah and then I've got two
surprises for them Christy in my room
and one in the whole Christmas tree and
my big under essence I'm gonna treat you
that and then I'm gonna start a castle
to them and all the Barbies and then it
comes out and then you can you can get
their cash out of that corner just pass
on put it downstairs so you can play
with the pizzas what do you know in our
new hence we're gonna have a room full
of toys I am so what cause I know you
aren't these are all the cards immediate
got more her school friends know we need
to go to sleep now because if you don't
go to sleep now you won't be able to go
asleep and then there won't be as many
sleeps and it'll always be for sleep so
Christmas until you go and sleep okay
let's go sleep Oh mommy daddy have to go
and watch Oh a yeah Oh a new show
obsessed amazing on Netflix watch it
watch that you need to go to bed now
well I am Justin say goodbye to our fans
I have to show you they could make your
friends
see you tomorrow bye
so last Christmas Eve when I was talking
Emilia into bed I was telling her the
story that father Christmas was gonna
come into her room and like you hurt or
isn't so bad and she like furry dad and
we were thinking like oh my goodness
I've made a terrible mistake we've
decided that father Christmas will leave
all the presents under the Christmas
tree downstairs and he won't come
upstairs and the doggies will make sure
other they'll keep an eye on him
obviously and don't forget to watch the
friendliest n video we made yesterday we
made a Christmas movie look at the
little link there click on that little
box one click on it quite well give it a
real click see you tomorrow right
