hello welcome to three heads hello what
did you ever yeah
hello welcome to my video
what so we are playing I spy
why not no you can't spider little eye
if the spire little eye and then say a
thing and we didn't really well Eduardo
got one right this morning which one did
you get right wasn't a bed and then what
I mean they got tree so the kids are
going to see Rapunzel today what are you
gonna see you again
hey kids ago to see Cinderella again
because my 7 are are hard at all to
visit a hospital and still turn seven on
our going we have an OB appointment and
then we wanna go visit the hospital
where the baby is coming from is not
excited okay here before people were
friends you are holding my mouth closed
hungry for free ah me did you know that
it's only like five days till Christmas
five and Christmas Oh what are you guys
getting for Christmas are you getting
anything for Christmas at this point any
Christmas bunch are you alright I don't
think I don't think you guys I think
you're on the naughty list
hello morning daddy hey I think you
might be on the naughty list
pulling daddy's ear is definitely a
shortcut to the naughty list
hey if you are not list what would you
do if you woke up on Christmas morning
and you are in the naughty list
and you have no
well guess what's happening what's
happening oh my goodness tidy so
terrible you gonna be nice Eduardo
Thanks ow ow no I like your hair in the
morning he looked like that what's that
guy from one direction you guys all the
hair you look like in the morning but
the hens Hey ah oh
now let's get into ready frickin can it
panic ah good morning spinies morning
spinnings are very vitally important to
get the day started right now right
good morning Vinny's you need the
mornings Vinny's ah you have to do funny
faces every time it goes rent I wanna
see different funny face and this what
what haha guys they have chocolate faces
won't be kinda point out oh my goodness
guys they've eaten Nutella and their
faces are covered in chocolate get your
paws out of there
Oh No
and our friends we're in London he knows
his house oh I see Travis okay so he has
an inny hello
so we're on our way to our OB
appointment and we were half an hour
late
literally early never happened before we
decided look at the change in red house
we decided to go for a coffee or no we
just seen an amazing gingerbread house
so clearly this is not we came here for
found Starbucks good job is in the
brand-new offer Starbucks order just got
fired
there it is Anna's oh the Christmas one
every time I see Starbucks as I always
been the one of the road trip whatever
weekend I was really on a road trip then
I'm very excited to see the hospitals
feel like it's all new but then we had
Eduardo we had done it all before where
the media was the same hospital the same
delivery sweetheart is a midwives
the same will be everything with same
time it was all same same tape in pork
ears like this is all new you're so
excited to see like you know like even
with Nick right now like Indian Eduardo
Vidya is osteoporosis but Eduardo's at
school today and it's like boots it on
my car my shoe man all right let's start
all over yeah it's like it's like you
build something up and then you know
it's like you you take in the bird and
you fix its wing and then eventually it
flies away
similar so now we're gonna ring it or
bring a new little birdie home fix it
swing over the course of these vlogs you
know how many birds we've actually saved
Johnny's happen regularly over that time
is nm in our first flat in chorus
why not bird ended up in the chimney and
remember that vlog
something in the chimney okay maybe
noise I'll be get out of the way it
might be a monster oh gosh Oh what what
is what is it are you gonna forget no no
father
Oh God is it dead no it's a knife okay
hmm he's got a free care
mm-hmm
what yeah ieave the crow what do it's
huge
Oh get him out see God won't eat the dog
but this thing is huge guys it's like a
massive crow or something skies with
myself hands when you open to you this
massive claw and it's like and then this
beak it's because like this long I was
going to call these guys now just in
case okay and like is there any way that
I can get someone like to comment to me
or do have to do it myself
okay was a useless you can use a
chimney-sweep I have a plan
since my plan I've got alby's cage here
right turn on inside cuz it has a little
opening at the front right
somehow this chin has to be replaced
with this thing slide this in and then
hopefully wait a minute Wow crook a
probably fit you those holes No
around Oh God it's when they flap oh oh
a B no no no darlin
yeah well doing miss it yeah I think
that proof that's why they cover bird
cages too it makes it more secure they
feel more secure
reading
just seeing the baby everything as well
I don't believe you're almost in the
third trimester we're almost in the
third trimester
that is crazy oh my goodness what is
this gone there's the time God there was
a picture of her here secondly Oh
okay we are out we're on a new journey
we have a map here try to find our
Hospital based on this little paper map
here it's around here somewhere lads
anyone see is that it there on all right
that's a cleaning street big I've been
kind of could you like one of them so
I've ready to run it up okay keep your
eyes peeled ads and here somewhere
so we're in love and adore how pregnant
was close to fit in there
oh oh oh if you had a booger you
couldn't say no no money yet winning one
child at a time one all the way Lance
this is exciting
baby honey we're out of the I was so
cool to go in and see like them we saw
the delivery Ward that we'd actually
have the baby in my cool and we saw the
rooms too sweet like their bedrooms or
whatever you call them that you go into
afterwards and we met someone to stop
and the midwives and we share the
elevator multiple times some of the
theater Midwife that's really cool
everyday I just I know it feels really
real I and I did me like it's really
it's really exciting isn't it
you find me here let's go around the
baby the kids are in the panto right now
watching Cinderella again pregnant we
got like 9 o'clock tonight we went to
the patio thinking it was like I don't
know like 60 minutes nope an hour and a
half per half everybody but enjoy the
Delta because that the day would love to
their mates so I probably have more fun
the first time you went went with the
two of us but now today with all their
mates that are probably having a bit
more of a better time
imagine if anymore we're not as cool as
I read so we are home and Amelia's here
she went to the pen to mine whoo she got
she's a proper patio kid good we are
light a fun closer mr. Winn Mel did you
have fun in the Penta mine yeah enjoy it
for that was it better the second time
right Eduardo Wow
what did you get word oh nothing yeah
you didn't you didn't get a big light-up
sword whoa you say what do you say by
the power of Grayskull I am Hema oh okay
okay okay bad purchase bad purchase bad
purchase so what happened in the end of
Cinderella Oh careful careful said she
goes in a ball did she lose a shoe why
she's always losing his shoe isn't she
oh my goodness huh and one of the
media's friends who was there got called
onstage didn't she ma you got called
onstage oh my goodness what it's why do
you cut me chopping people up with that
sword look at this little fella okay
this is your fella here with his son how
was school today Rado Pagac how was
school today I'm nothing well it wasn't
very good
hey guys we saw the baby today we saw
mommy's baby one we went to see the
hospital where the baby's gonna be born
what I'm not hey yeah you are gonna hit
me you're gonna hit me mister
construction worker with a sword a sword
construction worker whoa whoa there Wow
careful careful there careful there oh
my goodness but our kids have swords oh
oh oh
don't beat me oh sorry your ze jitters
are fighting jitter
don't be a sorter oh is on do you have a
magical fan did she take it off you mr.
Shermer
okay guys guys fight it out amongst each
other all right take ten steps back
all right stop steps up okay ready ready
ready ready fight
no let fight no no who do you fight me
no no no no no send help
did you enjoy the little story time is
not mad when I was filling that out and
I was just like ah what day was that
twenty ten twenty six years ago it
basically almost seven years ago we made
that it's not mad Oh to think about I
like that we've actually been vlogging
for that long
imagine we end up doing is for the full
ten years and we actually have a decade
of our lives on tape that's crazy to be
able to we should do something with that
footage I'm gonna die I'm gonna come up
with something cool to do with that
footage I don't know what something make
youtube videos Jonathan hey good idea
who and I hope you've enjoyed the video
I get yourself a cup thanks for watching
anyway and I'll see you guys tomorrow
also that's the room what we're going to
have a baby in that's not vibrant
