goodnight Rach good morning friends
hello and welcome to today's video
presentation situation myself and
Eduardo are collecting packages do you
see the packages the pakoras there are
no they're Christmas packages so this
morning loads and loads of videos
friendly with friends oh my goodness
look at these packages is there anything
else in here what is this what is this
when I should probably go get that okay
okay we got the packages we got the
packages with you it just started
raining right now Oh No look who's that
is that donkeys oh jeez what he's doing
here did you open the door she's so
naughty yeah I mean they opened the door
guys and let all the doggies answer now
let's go get your chairs
honey downstairs no you wait here
you wait here I'll get the chair what
you do some chin
now hold on hold on me I closed the door
is yours the biggest one actually
Eduardo we do need to change this you
have moved on to a new level I think I
know it needs to be for duardo because
he's grown big anyway guys come on have
your lunch what guys took me ages to
make that hope you enjoy it you got a
bun Oh Eduardo came to see eat your
lunch
this is the ALF by the way this morning
look what Lizzie did she went and tied
him up in all of the Christmas lights oh
my goodness they're naughty bunch
alright mister are you ready for school
do you okay you jump in first
Marvin oh okay you jump in here okay I'm
gonna mommy's gonna do it now in a
second but just putting her in the seat
but first well just yeah I know so
before my yo oh my goodness lady has so
many car seats okay mommy's gonna come
and do it now in a second first so we're
off to a settling in day at nursery
which we are already late for this
week's gonna be a bit mental cuz it's
Christmas week I was meant to film a
house tour video today but I don't think
I'm gonna get to do that today because
we're just so busy and I kind of want
the house to be clean for it cuz
obviously that would help so I think I
might be doing a different video finish
the school can argue posta skill
and the reason why he's doing all these
circling in sessions now is because he's
starting in January and I think they're
just trying to get them out of the way
you have to by law you have to do a
certain amount of like our sampling in
ours this isn't real school by the way
it's just nursery because he doesn't
start real school until a little bit
later because of his birthday falling in
April that was that was that that was
that was our fault we should have
conceived him at a more appropriate time
well this one's gonna be exactly the
same oh let's go to school
you ready mister you don't to be late
it's exciting what is exciting ready
oh maybe not maybe you're too late maybe
miss Co we're being brave
my goodness friends we did it we've left
him in and it were no surprise everybody
didn't he yeah oh my god I seen such a
trooper he just dropped him in he met
his teachers he went into the playground
and he was just like yeah see you later
see their parents about time you brought
me to school
IV waiting he was so confident so we're
really we really felt that the duardo
was gonna be the trouble child like it
really felt he was gonna be a crier and
stuff he's so good with me what's so
pretty little mine he's got his little
bike and he just like cycled away and he
was like playing away and he was just
like asking for as well yeah like we're
so funny we're like we started off in
this sighted playground and we like
shuffled across shuffle apart a wall
ball whoa whoa ball we just ran in
shuffled at the door and then walked
around the building hunt here we head
into the car and we were like and we're
gonna come back in a few hours and see
how he did but I think it's gonna wind
you when they call him inside and he
goes into the class I think I don't know
just really proud of him
he's a good man I think like if he asks
for us as well should probably say oh
they're upstairs or something yeah yeah
he does do so many classes and he's part
of so many groups so he's used to other
kids and stuff how many chopped oh yeah
oh he's gone now that's it
it Dwyer doesn't school the meanings
girl get out you there in there
all right this is my only child now is
my only child left Oh No
do you know I mean it's just you and me
now that's it
guardo's gone to school they'd wireless
depends on the team miss Bartos got the
school Amelia it's just you and me
but you're he's gonna punch you in the
face you're gonna punch me in the face
don't do that school babe what what
that's cool Dwyre does playing in the
playground hey do you know when I was
there I saw your old school friends
remember Dylan your boyfriend Dylan
mm-hmm I'm we're old school not dealer
from new school old school
what do you find what do you want anyone
no Amelia's baking some collection yeah
click whispers Claire tree will go some
quiver of collection glad you're still
around someday you're gonna have to go
and now we're going back to collect
Eduardo from school no one knows it I
was getting into it I was in there all I
was in the role yeah I know we have to
bring all of the dogs to the vet today
guys we planned it so we could bring all
of them at the same time how mental is
that gonna be six dogs into one bed it's
gonna cost a nuclear bomb a plutonium
riddens nuclear bomb
these banana peels on our driveway shows
you a good time for the neighbors to
walk fast did you have fun in school
today
oh look you got a little fucker out
there did you have fun in school hard oh
yeah hello friends
oh sorry you can see yourself did you
make that book yeah did you make it for
me yeah thank you
do you like school okay guys we're doing
something crazy we are bringing all six
of the doggies Bianca oh my goodness if
you knew where we were going
you knew where we were going they to
think they're going for a wal K but
they're going for a ve G and MOT poor
things at least see they don't go often
and off it's only once a year so they
don't go often enough to know what if
this is seeing us a bit like pink oh
look it in their hair careful of my
Alcantara there lads but it might be
only when the car stop oh maybe okay
come on guys okay come on you go first
it's keep them separated oh boy we're
about to make some noise
okay that was to mental I actually
believe you can hear Alby bark and all
six of them were like going off like
barking because like they know it's bats
they're all go nuts like so I had to
just bring these four right here can you
hear it that's I'll be inside you can
hear Alby barking from here I just
needed to calm these guys down it was
like our six dogs were barking and then
all the other dogs in the waiting rooms
right there barking and it was just like
oh dense we're like excuse me I'm just
gonna wait outside with my six dogs yeah
and that guy just calm down all right
we're just gonna walk around a little
bit here and we're gonna wait and then
we're gonna go back in when we can go
straight into the room oh my goodness
have you ever seen a Vespa this minute
it's like the circus all right we are
home home for the holidays friends look
at the amount of dogs that we have now
let me D let me do take your things off
all right take your thing off and put
the doggie down oh hey King I need
everything off
Pingping off what's the buggy down
breaking well buckling a slight oh did
you just we so half of them are all
right the other half broken look at this
little fella here and it'll build oh man
what do you have over here Amelia Amelia
what saving Santa
hello guys we brought it all used to the
vets this is my daughter who drinks
water who drinks water house day one at
a school hey Bianca Bianca has day one
of the Christmas holidays coming along
house day one of the Christmas holidays
coming along you what you nearly broke
your feet your foot your foot nearly
broke is that a joke you got a croak so
it turns out I actually have two little
babies I have this little baby girl here
this little baby boy yeah
Oh what's a baby I mean they're raw
Rosie and Robbie were asleep on the
couch rosie was very excited to be lying
on the couch and watching a Christmas
movie Robbie on the other hand realized
that rosie was gone
rosie was crawling away Robbie didn't
mind because now Robbie had the whole
couch to himself Rosie have you got you
huh rosie was hiding under this
Christmas tree hello Rosie she got rosy
cheeks huh certainly Rosie realized that
Robbie was crying Rosie ran into Robbie
oh no she taught poor Robbie is asleep
dan Rosie remembered Robbie was a baby
suddenly rugby realized he could walk
and he was a construction worker oh then
he forgot he could walk we wish you a
Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year
friends I'm running out the door because
we are going to visit the hospital where
we are going to have our baby how
exciting is that oh my goodness it's
it's so close now isn't it I think we're
like are we like six months pregnant now
or seven I don't even know anyway
I'll see you guys tomorrow thanks for
watching today's video please give it a
like please subscribe and please watch
our videos every day because it makes me
happy white
