good morning friends today is a very
important day for mr. Eduardo what's
happening Eduardo you're going to school
whoa you don't have money for school in
Oh No so mr. man
mr. this is me so means whenever garden
this one here this way the money is oh
wow the cash register yeah
so and I dropped immediate this morning
and it drops immediate the school this
morning and afterwards through exam like
a coffee morning a mommy's coffee
morning son has gone off to have coffee
and breakfast with all of her mommy
friends but I gotta go and I've been
being in put in charge of dressing
Eduardo what do you want to wear today
mister what do you think this is your
first impression could you want to be
clean out too so he's doing the you're
probably wondering why would you send it
wire to school on the day Amelia
finished school because you got to do
like a second lien period before he
starts in January so it's a really good
time to do today and then we're gonna be
in the school with him today and then
next week you might go in for Dana's own
plus a mixture and then come January
he's ready to rock and roll so that's
getting dressed mister and then later on
today after school
bringing Amelia Eduardo to the first
panto they've ever been tears flow to a
pet wine we're going to see Cinderella
in the patch oh yeah Cinderella in the
Punto don't do it no do it I know you
will nope let's go let's pick an outfit
pick an outfit where are you going
are we excited mister Oh
children first and Anna's home he made
it home from a media school and then
we're gonna drop him to school and then
we're gonna collect the media from
schools and we're gonna collect you from
school it's a very school heavy day oh
my goodness what's it gonna be like
we've got three kids in school oh my all
in different years all do different
sports we're gonna be like taxi service
Oh
other side other side other side you
can't scoot you cross because your
little thing is there
we are at the pantomime guys
how exciting your first time at the pan
tell guys what are we going to see here
again is it Finding Nemo
Cinderella what's that one about again
is that the one where the girl turns
into a mermaid she loses her slipper
what happens how did she lose it she
broke it and who finds it her dog Oh
Prince well good job I'm here so I can
learn all about the prince and the lost
flipper very exciting it's exciting Odie
kids have never been to a panto before
huh who've never been to this theatre
before exciting isn't it Ricky yeah I
don't know if you think in that
boys and girls before you good afternoon
and welcome to the Halloween theater Red
Hill and this production of Cinderella
how many respectful you might be music
good morning it's Sunday morning you can
put it in the bathroom
all right are we gonna go downstairs
you're ready guys media you can do that
up here let's see what the elves did Oh
No okay so we are about to do the live
stream and this is what happens fire to
the live stream and it likes to rattle
all the dogs up kids are in the kitchen
cartoon mayhem and destruction what's
wrong I mean II is not sharing the
castle oh come here come here are you a
baby or you use on me so I'm currently
charging
the Google pixel phone so you can use it
for their life yeah they're crazy also
this week over the likes you and all of
you watch it I think it's not a child
still we're gonna do this we're gonna do
it all
video we did a few years ago and I'm
lovely where is she falling to so we did
a video few years ago called the couples
tag and it was actually on a vlogmas on
Anna's channel so we're gonna recreate
it for the life
did you drop Aurora let me hide your ear
what no you always take it too far this
is why it was late if it was late it's
probably late
what what what you want to go there are
you gonna bite your foot is mommy biting
your foot geez
she's a scratcher she's got a Christmas
jumper ride oh we should wear a
Christmas hat everybody for the vlog the
live stream
so Eduardo's here Nicole is here and
their son is here
Eduardo is obsessed watch us do you have
a watch Eduardo clock on your pajamas
there's a clock in your pajamas that's
like a watch do you see it look look see
that's like a watch everyone have a good
look the investigation needed we're
having a discussion about the
difficulties of raising boys we're just
over checking was it wired up broken did
we get a broken one but no it being
confirmed this is totally not about this
is not where of concern we've broken him
but no because it helps tell the time
what what what don't you have a watch
yeah do you wear oh is that your watch
oh nice where did you get that watch I
gained I did would you tell me you never
watch how you personnel you're gonna see
so funny this is one thing
a bad December on so bright it's so dark
it is it's so dark it's so dark all the
time
it's so annoying that like I feel like
normally during the summer I have loads
more hours to vlog but then in the
winter time I just don't have as much
time to vlog because like the days over
like four o'clock it's pitch dark here
in the UK like at 4 o'clock it's dark it
doesn't give me a lot of time to fill
them so sometimes it'll feel like today
when you filmed the whole vlog in the
evening no it's just pitch dark
like 4 o'clock or so and for like I
really like Christmas but I really
dislike the short days
I much prefer when it's nice and warm
outside and it's like summertime and we
can like get out and do things you know
I'm really excited for 2017 though guys
I'm waiting 7 2017 you know we're gonna
have a new house we're gonna have a new
baby we're gonna have a like no good
chicken meal thing I don't know I'm just
really excited really exciting things
are happening in 2017 guys make sure to
please pull up to the car right in front
of you I don't know if I pull up
satisfactorily enough right oh how their
clothes are too close not too close
right we're in the collection who's on
the pain we've done the ordering
Thanks Thanks and now we must drive home
Oh seriously friends I don't think I
have been excited for this year to end
than any other year I think this is
probably the hardest year of my adult
life 2016 I am happy to see the back of
2016 I'm excited for 2017 I literally
have a lot of hope for 2017 what could
be worse
not like okay our personal life there
was a lot of struggles in 2017 but in
2016 sorry but in 2016 globally oh my
goodness it was a year of devastation a
year of change just it just was a year
the world didn't need 2017 cannot be
worse than 2016 no oh we're gone and
last is Armageddon or something 2017
that's got to be better than 2016 nuts
it has to be come on now come on there
now we need a good one we need a good
room we're gonna have a new home we're
gonna have a new little baby
we just got everything's gonna be great
and we've got a lot of cool big exciting
project who's your club huggabug coming
up in 2017 as well so just overall she's
gonna be it's gonna be amazing I'm
really really excited for 2017 and I'm
really excited to see the bomb of 2016
shout out to my everything I need that
anyway for sure okay you know the one
thing I did like about 2016
okay the ones a couple of good things I
liked about 2016 one of the really cool
things about 2016 we personally ramjet
like raised like between the RSPCA Stand
Up to Cancer the Charles Charities all
the different charities that we worked
with we raised almost a hundred thousand
pounds for charities this year ourselves
so that is pretty cool that is a really
cool thing that we managed to do in 2016
you guys could give yourselves a bit of
act for that one because it wasn't for
you guys supporting us and you guys you
know helping us get to the position
we're in right now we wouldn't have been
able to do that so there's definitely
something really awesome that we managed
to achieve in 2016
you know hello hello everybody so look
at you man no pants on the no-pants
dance okay hello everybody
what did I got wasn't I get for you you
said you said you didn't want anything
so I got you a bottle of water yeah to
follow waters for you or no Josh left
his washed and his jumper okay I got
guys there you go Amelia I got you
exactly what you wanted really you mean
one of them what do you say or do you
say to Daddy why it wired Oh what did
you once what but I thought you wanted
you some water
you wanted purple juice as well can you
guys share that one
so the children are a little bit excited
because no food tomorrow is it Christmas
holidays guys oh my goodness what are we
gonna do with these little monsters for
three weeks I'm excited to have you on
for three weeks Isis it's basically
gonna be weekend bugs you know there's
no we can advise any more clear but we
can vlog for next week it's out of my
out of my get out of my head something
just popped in my head
okay that's we're gonna bring out next
year Christmas stockings with or
sticking on them oh we need to get a
next one for next year actually mmm
anyway hope you enjoy the video friends
I hope you had a good Christmas we can't
class cuz it's Christmas next week
very exciting last Christmas week all
the kids are finished school it's a very
exciting time watch the carnage jollies
every single day you have to have two
anyway goodbye friends see you tomorrow
bye
