Merry Christmas friends okay let me just
check to see this actually okay no we
start off in such a mess because there's
always so much things organized oh it is
rock relied relies okay let's give a few
minutes first let me turn off this here
so we can actually see the screen click
one of them put that back there
yep that's because the couch is falling
over
oh we're joined by some special guests
today where that person they've come you
know what that what might have said well
I just remembered you didn't see it oh
this morning yeah we saw daddy's jacket
oh I couldn't figure out what he was
saying he's he's mine yeah that's cute
you like that they bought new reindeers
today mm-hmm you don't miss snapchat
Indiana and snapchat just blow the
surprise spoil those prices splitter
spoiler alert so has everyone tuned
I always feel like on Sundays when we do
this live chat so we haven't actually
spoken in ages so since we spoke last
eduardo started school the kids went to
their first pant mine um what do we do
yesterday
yes since with a blur i with nothing
essays he didn't really miss anything
yesterday was a lot of chillin cuz maybe
I lost it oh media I mean actually I
drew up a number was proper sake I was
really sad anyway today we are going to
do two one two three couples tag we did
it about two or three years ago on
Anna's on Anna's channel for vlogmas and
I was like oh that's just something
different this weekend I was looking
around for like a typing or to do
something different this week and then I
found that and I was like yeah let's go
and do that for a change put you through
a lot of that for a second oh yeah
what's over there you didn't bring it
with you okay now kids are in a very
temperamental mood this afternoon so
they're really not
today I am tonight so they say this
video might be good short why me I can
worse behave more whatever why am i
acting where I stole your to Christmas
I'm not opposed to go the other way and
because school is over everything is
over so interesting fighting all the
time yeah we are it's really hard it's
really hard
how are you guys doing what's going on
when everybody my best as everyone else
oh you're obviously not off Christmas
shopping today but I think everybody is
you always find this time of year to
write this last week of Christmas it's
like everyone's watching all these
videos sometime in 2017 you know because
it's like everyone's off doing things I
get so busy like and even we find what
we're having the kids like I was
actually watching someone's vlog this
morning and he was like just doing
things just chilling about you know and
I was thinking like oh like ever I
should do that I was like well when I do
not in a couple of years like I never
really have time to do those kind of
things anymore now I was like oh yes I
have children children that's it that's
it folks can someone a life changer
do you see that she was like oh I always
do all my sisters talking on Christmas
Eve I'm like we used to
remember you can't do that when you're
he's because we used to be like that
goodness that it that they want and like
or you can just trying to get it yes
within like it's difficult and now like
they're already there it's change our
plans weekend plans yeah cuz they're
just getting hate each other
I can you can they don't I just if they
got bored they got boy I said like board
gets him so like you know it's just hard
cuz we're oi I wanted to put it in rugby
I don't wanna do me and he doesn't want
to do OB he wants to do don't think well
he might be rugby
- don't be okay alright so let me get
down - the thing is everyone here will
say everyone serious you've got your
props yeah props it's not a prop one no
something we all gonna say one to train
you won't enter I drop it you can draw a
picture of you whines
yeah I'm ill sounds knows no problem
excited for going to watch our December
vlogs in January it's going to be
amazing
well you know like there's there is a
thing no one bursting yet okay if no one
watches my videos I'm like oh well
somebody around here has to pay the
bills right somebody does I like the
ones that watch my videos now because
they're the true people yeah yeah yeah
if anyone whoever watches the cony Jolie
vlogs during December are like the
proper hardcore family anybody ha my hat
is getting a bit hot here um okay so
it's like if you don't know what to say
you already repeat what I just said do
it yeah okay oh my goodness look at the
time so the video I'm watching is if you
guys want to draw you if you guys want
to look it up right it's called couples
one two three type exclamation mark
Ciccone Jolie's if you guys want to
search for that in another tab there so
you can reference the answers that we're
going to give some other ideas we're
going to see the difference of the
answers today now we shot this it was
the first of December 2013 we had one
child Amelia it was asleep who was
asleep were in our old house in Cork I'm
just chilling on the couch we look like
very refreshed and tired you look like
an elf I do look a bit I'll see no in
this picture that I'm drawing oh we look
all refreshed and
not tired anything look at us now like
we do not I was pregnant
yeah but you say our life our life is
very different in this video anyway go
look up at videos you can add reference
the different answers okay I'll look you
were doing vlogmas huh those are today's
I'm still kind of on one two and I'm
five days a week are you yes Alice Coney
calm I figure I missed a day last week
though that was when I remember I had
that flu eating I don't need water I was
enjoying a movie I put on keep him
occupied riders like that you won't sit
in front of the TV and just watch a
movie oh it's the media you know what
she checks here is it cocktail
I was going to the shower wash yeah oh
yeah chef school yeah what are you
drawing it oh he's for know just doing
okay this isn't like a drawing class
lesson okay
hey ready let's go before we are seven
we are seven minutes in and we have
achieved nothing and the kids are going
to disintegrate and crash burnt looks
like an elf our site was not gonna make
me look like a mouse it makes you look
like a man oh my gosh they're all here
what
Thapa now not Estonia Luna's video
exactly oh that's like the fifth dragon
wanted to try out today what do you
doing
no you can't touch them all right no you
can't touch their eyes okay there's our
little princess fairy Eduardo - hello
everybody hi yeah
say Merry Christmas Mary nobody thanks
guys
do you want to do - one two three couple
tights or two one two three mommy time
thank you
why cuz she said daddy he did thank you
I know okay Amelia if your boyfriend
could marry a movie star who would it be
I was just joking I asked in the first
question afterwards you treat all the
guy I thought through an astronaut I was
like what hey yeah tweet questions for
Amelia to order right now go use
hashtags to enjoy his life Go Go crush
it are you a media and media are you
coming to Leicester in 2017 drawing why
I don't know that's nothing I forgot
your glasses ah ah just going on that's
why it looks wrong oh jeez oh jeez what
who is who's more excited for the baby
guys he's not like me or Eduardo signing
my brother I'd give up in a sec Simon so
who's more excited sick baby Amelia or
Eduardo
good my thirsty okay guys are you
excited for Christmas and meeting a
lucky one for Christmas why sure your
sister don't choke your sister Granger
okay you're mad
can anybody tell me what you want for
christmas no don't please stop it's a
shocking oh no don't put that in your
mouth that's right guys 2day
now what do you want for this video what
do you want for christmas that's
disgusting
okay so right around cuckooing Louise
Amelia what you have Christmas wah wah
you know they're listening to icing
elves are gonna tell Santa what you just
said and then he's gonna bring you know
Amenia yeah guys guys a search quick
let's say in Christmas song you ready
don't touch me out Christmas Christmas
tree you're anybody you've got a zombie
I lost you under going yeah all right no
excited sing jingle bells
okay okay daddy scary to think you guys
have ruined it versus this is supposed
to be the couple's one two three tag
never changed title in this video hi bye
bye bye that's like all right I mean
it's your the cop was one two three time
okay please comment on some questions
that's the first question do you want
the drawing okay you're sure the drawing
know what you know this is going to
fight off because they sent see how I'm
crying okay George
oh yeah okay all right let's let's play
game okay let's answer some questions
yeah let's answer you can answer
questions what you think what's your
favorite color
no my favorite color is blue mine is
pink
- okay I once what's your favorite
dinner why you have a red mark on your
cheek I can okay you draw mommy this is
the bear you draw mommy
hold on here
okay a media is gonna draw mommy make it
really nice oh she's doing daddy first
oh well you got really small yes be
honest yeah that does not look like
daddy
that looks like that looks like okay you
ready to show everybody what you've
drawn okay show daddy this is daddy okay
oh is that me Amelia a to society as
well what do we get what's this gonna
top my head
this Santa hat yeah it's my hair okay
draw me now Amelia
use your favorite Disney Princess Aurora
I'm Rapunzel Bardot's - thank you
why is it goes - is it cuz they have
blonde hair
hello Amelia do you prefer chocolate or
sweets
yeah what hi what was the film you were
watching hold on is that me
what is that your crotch oh my hair oh
look creepy eye that's really nice
don't have a body well don't have a baby
in my tummy Joe have a baby in my tummy
yeah okay Joanna show people or you're
not finished yet
hey do a bad day yeah okay oh you want
me straw okay okay now can I ask you a
question about this and how come have
her painters off and she looks like
she's being chewed Amenia and also who
is this cookie cookie cookie cookie how
did I not know that right let me see
okay why is my body way longer than
daddy's body
am I wearing high heels
we show it get the dip dip it then
so that's Dutch that's me and now
they're speaking down oh I'm sitting
down and I'm looking at that okay that's
interesting
oh yeah I am sitting down it looks like
I'm sitting on Daddy's foot are you
gonna draw yourself here on Tommy yeah
when you draw them right you wanna
answer some more questions or anything
she's a movie honest at let's see um
where did you meet yeah I know I don't
think that one was for you um oh I can't
see this laptop is too far away right
oh no oh no oh no oh no okay um let's
see oh it's because it scrolled down
that's why I'm not gonna read the
questions um who's a guardo's favorite
Disney Princess
you know who's Edward or favorite Disney
Princess
obviously Rapunzel I think um sing us a
song can you sing a song in the media no
brain oh sorry
well that's too far away I can't read
the questions we never know that's why I
didn't do that
Oh send some rest
I don't think we know really isn't
always that you oh you want to show
everybody this there there's the media
who looks like a mini grudge now you
are you good sonic fan are you gonna
throw it wardo Oh
a baby is you like the baby Jesus you
can't want like the baby Jesus in a
little cough oh oh nice day you have to
hold it up
show everybody is he in the manger he
looks a bit weird me here he looks a bit
strange
oh my goodness what pictures you
look like something out of a horror film
right okay
there's if Margot laying in the manger
okay right yeah we done now yeah well
you're done I have to work at all okay
can I have this yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna
talk I'm gonna tell mommy on this side
yeah laughs do a rock or my America hey
you do all of your family's just gonna
take ages okay I tell you what I will
draw everybody after we finish this live
stream yeah okay and in the meantime you
can answer some questions
all right what is your favorite princess
dress so when you're wearing
Elsa no this one oh my goodness and Stan
thank you so yeah I think Sophia's your
favorite one because of someone that you
always wear why does this keep moving oh
no oh oh
Jonathan had to get this to stay she's
not the same okay there please stay
please don't right okay
all right next question now the cable is
covering the laptop and what do you like
about your brother
wait what do you like about your brother
nothing anything okay anything nothing
okay the answer is nothing you don't
like anything about your brother yeah
I'll be better okay you can throw it on
mine Erica and let's see ah what's your
favorite movie what's your favorite
movie do you know who are you drawing
now why does she look like a little dog
okay then can you draw newbies I think
what you want to do is draw all right
now not right why'd you peel your ear
could you stick a pin in your ear all
right next question
what do you want to be when you grow up
you know
you want to be Erica first are you just
saying that their cat okay so that's
omen Erica
it's like elf daddy don't pick your nose
and what do you want to be when you grow
up what job do you want to be hey
what job okay what job do you want to be
you've told me this before huh what
would you want to be when you grow up
would you like to be a star what are you
going away now
alright I know what media wants to be
when she grows up a media wants to be a
look and AH and AH and AH really do you
want to be you told me that you want to
be a vet remember a doctor for animals
remember didn't you tell me that yeah
this is at home not far off right okay
sweet video extremely okay should we
finish up because you're not really
answering any questions yeah
flat circle okay what are you gonna do
what are you gonna draw your movies
so this was supposed to be a couple one
two tree tag just turned into a toddler
Q&A or something is it what you don't
remember stuff you want to go watch
Peppa Pig award oh that was no challenge
yeah you want to go watch Peppa Pig
instead no I think you're we need time
on board you can take them with you
okay take about your friends my friends
oh that's nice
sorry laughs maybe next week she'll be
into answering questions although next
week is Christmas so that life sure will
probably be really chaotic because we'll
be cooking and opening presents and I
don't even know who remembers your live
stream maybe we'll do the live stream
during the week because I'm sure for
Christmas Day live stream attack I said
why who I'm Krista you're I know my
birthday it's frenzy just drop yourself
down
don't say that hair look like an L I'm
sitting down here okay a new versions
come with like this is the very new
version or it's blow just really really
fast okay we're still doing it no okay
whoa
25 minutes 26 minutes oh my goodness
guys maybe we shouldn't do it we should
say for today
I'll have to retitle this video this is
this is the light floods of having kids
if you ever if you ever watch all the
the cool young trendy youtubers are
always going to the parties and you
thinking team aunt Sigourney Jodi's
never do anything cool would have
children these and pets I'm we're about
to have another child I think what this
is yeah avocado investigation testing
Club it's so annoying because you buy
them and they literally go off in like a
couple of days so you have to catch them
right when they're right when they're
ready
exactly that is too much before then you
get a green avocado which is raw or you
get a moldy avocado you have to catch it
right in the middle you do have to catch
the right in the middle most difficult
okay we'll do that
boyfriend-girlfriend tag another time I
gotta believe this you're like yeah
let's go this it's just the whole thing
went wrong I guess that's hot anyway
let's go then alright why don't we just
quickly change him or something
dread change him yeah no I'm just coming
then oh he says go to he's having a
difficult day and can you prank on
somebody no that was actually really
entertaining thanks Ellie um when are
you coming just gone let's go oh come on
you daddy's busy daddy's daddy's talking
to his friends
whoa whoa whoa there all right come here
you take the biker friends and you can
be okay goodbye anniversary we have a
goodbye anniversary every day oh this
outfit shells alright wardo you want to
say something say something interesting
before we go tell them a secret tell her
friends everything we got a big
Christmas tree know what you said I
apologize all say sorry
lovely sorry headphone users alright
we're going we're going friends this
guys getting out of control me whose
anniversary is it okay okay alright
friends let's go I see you guys there
thanks for watching video don't forget
to like the video subscribe now I hate
that you that you want to leave comments
yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow for the
weekend vlog sorry I just didn't work
out as planned but I hope you enjoyed it
anyway thanks for watching see you guys
next time
