come and hear about Christmas older
things we like to play and it's now I
make a snowman tell you like cookie
doctor so today I feel a lot better
thanks for asking I think it was the
temperature change you know do you think
just like mom oh my goodness you're
right because it went from being really
cold to kind of mild and I just had all
this like pressure so I had like
headache and then shoulders back like it
was so bizarre I never get headaches and
it was like the worst ever and I was
gone so thankfully thank you fingers
crossed stays away this is me son Mason
a bug on me old a little so never gone
duardo did you get into bed last oh
maybe one time one time rock-a-bye baby
rock-a-bye rock-a-bye Eduardo uncle by
Eduardo so where I could have had one
time last night yeah yeah yeah so
unfortunate up means it's a no sticker
situation is there well you feeling
better today yeah yeah you want to go to
the doctors yeah so I booked I couldn't
get an appointment I stayed with the GP
but I got one for this morning what I'm
not sure yeah sometimes you like a real
concern to go to doctors okay and
sometimes you just going like for
precautionary measures hey hello you
know the Christmas song Amedeo is
singing this morning do you a song for
us sing us a song sing us a song sing us
a song come on we all went to hearing
Eduardo song
and now here's my song I love all a
lonely little Shepherd and I go in the
night and I don't gonna fry cuz I wanna
to Shabbat Oh Eduardo let some was
amazing is that your Shepherds huh oh no
any more songs for us no no did we enjoy
his that first night in your bed
yeah those when he's first night in
Eduardo's bed last night oh okay climb
aboard join piggyback alright grab a
board all I can offer you is a piggyback
this morning five aboard died the
Express I know it's okay you can use
them as well
we're I'm Jeremy alright alright
daddy Express is leaving the station get
your feet off you got your oh yeah just
got all my waxing done for Christmas
look how crazy I look I'm just need to
show you guys in the lead so I've got
only make up one except for this strip
here which looks crazy but I love the
shape and everything I know here is my
Browns
these are all the products that she uses
and I love which one of the no not that
one
I think it must be this one or heels
today and I don't know why deal why
because it's the one comfortable
especially like when you're pregnant
that was probably a mistake because now
I have to walk all the way way back to
my car and it just gets really
uncomfortable when you're pregnant
especially anyway now rock by baby rock
burn doula struggle that song is in my
head and it won't go away so I decided
I'm gonna sing it for you get stuck in
your head
rock-a-bye baby get a struggle or a
little change motto no little guy does
seem halt it says the stuff I know Trump
all of the joke you a lucky behind here
guys million Eduardo's big old thing
here it's something they've wanted for
quite a long time and it arrived so I'm
trying to hide it in case they come in
and actually see if it's it's behind the
mattress I'm very excited they're going
to be so happy to do them it's been
their dream for for a long time to own
one of them to have one of them to
happen to hold through sickness and
health remaining a blessing you marrying
it me you should also possibly clean
this car possibly that's not rush into
anything so rock pop a loony
hilariously hilarity if it comes on
right now
hilarity Duda hilarity be hilarious be
hilarious just like a delay in are
hilarious Tony jollies are the best
Easter videos hmm it's a letterhead
sticker and stick her in the header what
am I talking man I don't even know just
got back to my car and I had parked in
such a way that I mean faces aren't
really that big anyway but I hit parked
in such a way but I was way closer to
the car on this side but it was more
convenient for them because there it was
their passenger side and my driver's
side does that make sense
um so they wouldn't have had to get out
that sort you know what I mean and then
this side I parked more conveniently for
the next car so I kind of did it like I
didn't mean to but I conveniently like
um did it for the two people on either
side rather than me
so I couldn't get out I was like trying
struggling to get out and to like
squeeze my boat I do like suck my bump
in which isn't really possible and
somehow got out of the car and then when
I got back I was like praying that the
car that this space would be empty and
it was something which get into my car
because I was like really scared that I
would have to get in this side the
passenger side I don't know why I do
these things myself where I was kind of
in a rush as well so I just didn't
bother to fix it but yeah anyway oh my
god I've got such bad heartburn I'm
gonna now um go home I do need to I did
need to pick up some stuff in town but
I'm just too busy I'm like I literally
have way too much to do at home
and it just feels like it's so late even
though it's not um because it's dark and
it's like 4 o'clock I think times it
yeah 4 o'clock on me but it just is
pitch dark which is horrible so gonna go
home now and uh yeah get my stuff done
that I need to get done but just keepin
thing today friends um something
exciting um big announcement we may be
buying a house soon oh my gosh Lodge is
not a short process so this morning I
had a team of surveyors go over a
property that we are very interested in
we've made we made an offer on the
property and it got rejected and then we
man let her out for another offer any we
found we met we met we found the right
number where both parties came together
surveyors went in this morning they're
checking the report it all looks good um
I think we're I think I think we were I
think bought house we kind of have
bought a house I'm we I think we might
have but the surveyors going in today
was like it kind of felt like it's
actually really happening it's a real
thing I'm really excited about that for
when that like I think I'm most excited
about when we actually get the keys and
I got to actually decorate the kids
rooms and stuff like that yeah it's
gonna be amazing but yeah
how exciting friends we may have just
bought our first home our first real
home we've been renting for so long year
after year after we've been staying in
the house that we're currently in for
nearly three years now
I'm really excited we've never owned a
home in the UK we're about to own a home
in the UK it's gonna be our first home
we're gonna own with the kids and
everything uh I'm really excited I've
been trying containing our excitement
because I feel like nah something's
gonna go wrong it's gonna go wrong
because we've been trying to get a house
for so long but we actually have done it
now how exciting
how exciting
so yeah another another notch for 2017
it's gonna look good it's gonna be good
one so exciting exciting news friends of
course I'm gonna get a call it's all
gonna go wrong but I feel like I feel
like we can talk about it now we've kind
of knocked talked about it cuz I was
afraid something would go wrong but I
feel I feel confident that we can talk
about it now I feel like I can say guys
were buying a house
amazing Hopi I can show you soon oh
right guys Anna is about to get very
emotional so I was collecting the real
difference can we hit the school on the
way home from school where did we just
go Amelia where do we just go the old
school where you used to go to preschool
because it wired I was going to your
school where did you see all your old
teachers yeah why did we go that we went
there to sign Eduardo up so he's ready
to go
Eduardo's ready to go to school now did
you just press a button yeah you're such
a monkey soda wardo is all enrolled for
school and he's going to the exact same
class that Emilio is in with the same
teachers and everything get don't do it
right that's it
you are barge barge from here monkey
brains don't do it again
monkey brains the part is gonna go to
your old school isn't that exciting with
all your old teachers yeah and they were
all so excited to the media and they
were like oh Amelia's so grown-up and
she's such a big girl
ah but I'm and it's gonna cry like a
baby rock pop baby because I know she
knew this day was coming and she was
procrastinating on it and I was like I'm
gonna do was it funny cuz I was the one
who's really a more emotional than
Amelia going school and now Anna's all
emotional Eduardo going to school whose
turn is gonna be for the next baby what
are you up there
let's go up to see mommy huh are you
gonna get rid of rocks and then
immediate mean that mean yeah okay and I
go to my old classroom to check Alana's
oh
Pardo's all signed up see ya starts on
Friday no II don't
yeah hey look I got a thing like the
friendliest friends just upload a video
get ready with me hey I don't know if
you guys know that but if you actually
go over to the channel and you actually
hit the little Bell thing doing on
Saucony Jolie's and doing a friend his
friends and do that and saucony look
guys we're 250 10 subscribers no way
that's f a quarter of a million
anyway new video up it's a get ready
with me video she's cute well yeah go
and go to ciccone Jolie's um let me go
there for you um and over on the
SUBSCRIBE thing make sure to hit there's
a little belting somewhere or so belting
um oh I've seen sucker
I mean I didn't relaxes me it's
obviously gonna show you but do hit the
Beltane guys and then you will get a
notified when new videos come up and you
won't miss that 8 we're going on a date
night
- date night that's like the date nights
off I always seen a date night death -
date night when we go
on these date I certainly see shops that
I'm like polish going mmm
what rumor at the Christmas Fair I was
only this one let me just come over here
whoo the Lighting's really good it is
nice kitchen that is a really nice
kitchen I'm a big fan of that kind of
styling yeah I really like that it's
like paneling kind of nice uh I really
like that those balloons from the fair
still hanging it does suck American all
right so we're trying to decide where to
go to now I think we're gonna run up to
a place call and ask Italian yeah cuz
we're gonna ask you a tank but we've
only ever gone there with the kids
during the day like that Road that's
nice unlike we've never gone as
grown-ups in the evening time so we're
excited to see what that means it could
be a different menu I don't think it's a
different menu I just think
it's a big Christmas tree okay
we'll update you I always forget sorry I
always forget to vlog the food on the
date nights I'll try and remember I may
not and I didn't remember but I did
enjoy the tasty food if you're in the
mood to watch it get ready with me a bit
Emilia with a sneaky performance by
Eduardo at the end please go to
friendliest friends and watch that and
enjoy it and come back here tomorrow for
another day we were about to head off to
Harrods guys because we're going to see
Santa Claus I'm very excited that will
be tomorrow's episode spoiler ha right
my friends thanks for watching see you
tomorrow
