good morning friends I'm making my
favorite you're eating marshmallows for
breakfast
where'd you get those much mouse oh my
god fizzy and Lizzy we're making s'mores
last night Amelia a snail stolen their
marshmallows so and it's feeling sick
poorly today your pregnancy what don't
touch them so it's myself in the media
on the school or this morning but
because dad's here
normally Anna likes to make the old
avocados and eggs and porridge what do
you want for breakfast
Cena's dad's here what do you thinking
it's not only chocolate cereal on from
65% whole game with felicity Philly
Philly room this is physical home kids
Coco's some things here Bobby of course
it's about to get a beating of his life
please hold
hi guys
hi guys inside please now now what's all
the barking about mister Oh get inside
let's go okay
and don't tell mommy what we've had for
breakfast okay or do our marriage when
you hear somebody out here we hear
somebody oh my goodness
oh boy okay
the water's gonna drop for the first
time he's kind of freaking out about it
it's okay oh my god go this is light
so how'd it feel imported this morning
and they were Edward on his feet
imported this morning get this he's
feeling this morning can't stop him into
mommy did you hear how to do the cold of
the winter's day immediate is only four
days left of school this year this year
for the rest of this year there's only
four days left in school how cool is
that
isn't that pretty cool four days left to
school one goodness how exciting is that
yeah just move it oh my goodness wuntch
Kimmy I just dropped Amelia off it
brings me back lads to the old school
run days remember I used to do the
school run every single morning when
Alenia and I just I brought her in there
I dropped her to school and then I was
like chatting to all the parents and
stuff like that and it just brought me
back to the old days but I used to like
bring a media to school every single day
oh my goodness guys look
that's the GLS I'm gonna park beside it
so we can get an idea of size
differences let's see the size
difference between my car and the GLS
this is what we really want to know this
is what we really want to know lads it's
a 2016 1 so it's fairly new BlueTEC I'd
probably go to GLS 63 you know just
because I do like girls petrels lands
first like check to see right
in there no one's in it yeah dear I like
it look at the size that's a
seven-seater but it doesn't seem like
hugely massive and you know that's I
think it's a winner
I hope my lights are gonna turn off
okay this is not what I came to Marcy's
for I came here because Anna's party and
she needs some medicine but then I
figured cuz it wardo sporty he doesn't
love a little toy they don't like to get
him a little toy to make cheer him up
like goodies guys he's a fan of cute
Leslie Chow pony stars got some Thomas
teen figure like a soft toy ah okay cute
this guy is oh do you guys think lucky
he's so cute
maybe weenie what if there's no idea who
will appear this but I'm gonna get him
one anyway
cuz they're super cute this guy is like
we're gonna be getting be seeing a new
board you know three two one oh it's
gonna be cool yeah any tree for a tenner
how can I walk away from that
how can I walk away from national
seriously that roses quality Street
marrows okay so this is what I actually
came here for but I've ended up with a
wing depuis for Santa hats that's free
for two on the old chocolate section oh
no it sounds about right
just the basic sense good right oh look
what I got you
it's hot you're feeling poorly like we
know poof all right editing time with
Ben and Holly with Eduardo delicious mr.
huh you mean if he'll come breakfast let
me go doing some editing
alby's here uh-huh
poor Eduardo isn't real imported I call
a GP which can see emotion actually in
today so I haven't booked in for
tomorrow morning he'd probably be okay
but you know fifty pounds and I get
reassurance that he's fine it's only
because he tried to show up he has a
temperature wasn't because he tried to
rub his wine that's the part where I'm
like mmm
that's not normal that's not a normal
situation anyway you rest there mister
mommy's resting upstairs in bed I mean
isn't school I'll be chilling with me
here waiting for a Helen he's going on
as a little daycare day and we need a
pillar here daddy bring that is that
your new friend
okay few hours later
he's now on the iPad cuddled up on bed
and we're up in my office the vlog is
edited got done and now was it because
you want to sit beside him so I'm like
fair enough mates
this is Dishonored - its what we're
frequenting in these days well yeah it
wonder was forcing me to sit here he's
not really we're just having a catch day
now right mister you and me and Winnie
okay
so I've gone and collected Amelia from
school and we are now going fishing are
we going fishing
oh sorry record fishing we are going
sailing
oh we are going canoeing we are going
diving no I sumer did why you're a big
girl now I don't get into the water with
you huh
now I just watch what binoculars squash
squash all right little shake take it
off Eduardo made and then the teacher
bed man you did when you got calling
Rosie and Robbie
the gingerbread Amelia can you explain
you explain to the people at home where
all the extra cookie dough is gone in
Amelia's tummy so she went to the fact
that Amelia has eaten all of the cookie
dough we are going to be in every change
hey that's good I don't think what I
mean I mean yeah you helped me pick that
up I know let me get the ball for you I
know I'm vice I'm gonna make a ball
amelia is ball and his wire does ball
there's one for Amelia there's one for
Eduardo
okay first thing you've got to do guys
is squash it why are you gonna squash it
squash yo in that know what you want to
make you want to make it a little
gingerbread man again okay let's see
Allen haff okay what am i this is what
we've ended up making you can't just go
everything Amelia oh my goodness anyway
so it riders on the floor again okay I
mean it adds up here but it sort of
cleaned her down a little bit and myself
we were covered in flour okay Amelia you
ready first thing we need to do you need
to rub some of this eggy stuff onto our
little guys here you got to paint them
an egg okay go you show me how to do it
swivel it around all right
no no no no sup sup sup sup sup go go go
go go
alright go paint painted the angel
I assume that's an angel it looks sort
of like a mutation okay no no no watch
watch it's turnaround twirl around stop
twirl twirl twirl turn turn turn
spread spread spread that's the routine
have you got the routine down this is
the moment you've been waiting for
whoa all right that is a spring pulley
Christmas tree got going on there and be
there
are you gonna put some back in well just
make sure to spread it out that's you
need to do so look you just kind of like
spread it out so you guys decorate the
Christmas tree
no that's good all right move on try a
different one what's that one Oh make
sure to spread it out oh no all right
sprinkle em up stick them in the oven
and you have created Christmas candy not
sure that one worked out as well as
planned or was that the plan that's just
sweet that's just putting sweets on top
of gingerbread cookies there's a low
part one
Oh a hundred thousands this one here
shake it round
Liyana shake it and look oh that's gonna
be a good one
no no no no no no sorry
this is Amelia's tray of a colorful
delight this is Eduardo spray of the
frozen themed so we're not frozen over
this one you eating them okay all right
it's thinking okay I think that's I
think you have now put enough sprinkles
on this okay and now you're eating the
sprinkles so let's just go ahead and
confiscate sprinkles it's time to put
the cookies in the oven guys all right
so first media's cookie collection Wow
medias cookie collection is got in next
Eduardo's frozen cookie collection all
right okay it's a while later the alarm
has gone off we've all rushed here we're
in the middle of filming and endslate
you may remember yesterday's and CH and
we're running towards the cookies
burning and meaning us going to do that
guys we're to be very careful so back up
back up okay this is very dangerous so
we open it and we wait because the hot
air has to escape and then we open it up
and let's see what we got here
now that mean yeah that smell like
cookies okay be very careful though be
very very careful you hold on to them
there now let me have a little look
Oh Melia and then we ate all the cookies
and the kids turned into elves look at
the datum they're elves and shelves oh
my goodness friends he was a tough day
yesterday being super dad
that's what as a sometimes you got to
pick up the odd you know what I love it
I thinking love it when it's all crazy
and it's really hard and the kids and
stuff like that I just love being that
it's skrutz a fun hope wasn't boring for
you guys you know cuz I know there's a
lot of things going on and stuff like
that anyway great crazy hectic day hope
you enjoyed the video friends now please
leave likes and comments share with your
friends I'll subscribe if you're new
what else do you do get some calendars
to enjoy shop calm and maybe a friend's
friend video I'm gonna try and edit one
now and see if possibly it's up later
anyway thanks watching video goodbye
