let's see are you ready on holidays to
me
the dragon hunters right
here it is guys we got all our bags
ready to go
we got everyone's waiting on mommy now
putting Alessi into her new stroller Hey
it's so cute why is everybody at the
airport huh
he's gonna win
see you guys later have fun
dier your mom
so are you reading this
right there
gotta get that with
door-to-door
what are you gonna get for breakfast
once again
Lesya having her
y'okay duardo
alright bye I know you shouldn't thank
the bottom of the step alright thanks
let's go mister
welcome to heart and it is cold here
sitting there cold
oh my Anastasia nice flight go then
flight attendant Optus is really nice
should she give you sweets yeah what did
you put aside all right we are waiting
for the buggy collection but it has not
arrived that's what we're gonna do if we
don't get if the book is being lost I
mean there will you carry Alice here all
the time
can you it's been found a maniac Thanks
okay let's they're missing buggy the
case of the missing buggy has been
solved wow it's not working too well
you know what happened to me I they
forgot about our blacks in the airplane
my bags are so back in London
this is no prank
so after all we have so it's in here in
here
you know everything that's his food and
everything maybe they might get it back
on the plane maybe they might judge
another plane we'll have to see what we
have to go now somewhere else okay
here's the situation bikes have been put
on another plane but this is like all of
Alessi's clothes my clothes and it's
clothes the kids clothes everything with
nothing everything lies and the other
plane doesn't come in to like for shoes
you'd have to stay here too like five or
six or we can go but then we've got no
clothes for tonight and they won't
deliver it to where we're supposed to go
until tomorrow and about 5:00 so it's
basically two more days with no clothes
nothing for less yeah we're gonna food
for less here there's no clothes for
this here or you guys well you've got
some jaffa orange juice you can just put
your clothes inside out Amenia
you can describe them so what happened
Jonathan cloten find the services a case
I already paid the toll to be on to get
to a services which aided them to
services there was like no sign oh my
goodness is tree pounds Europe I have to
pay another tree pounds cuz I get out of
the toll bridge just cuz I went around
around the back my god it comes down
really fast good man
so now you have to pay another toll like
two seconds after paying one tool
good morning everybody and welcome to
still the same day but I figure if we
start it again it'll feel like it's a
completely different day so we've got
some coffees we've got huge juices into
mortars and just waiting for some food
from a good friend and cost the coffee
guys and we're gonna start again the
holiday is going to begin now maybe are
you ready for the best holiday ever
daddy's birthday holiday it's had an
interesting start it's not my birthday
today our birthday in a few days but
this is my birthday
chip remember
so update to the trip okay wait here
wait Eduardo mami small update to the
air venture it is now
snow storm has moved in okay ready media
hold mommy's hands okay
this is unexpected I guess
oh this is easy
come on
all right let's write cross oh my
goodness guys there's action look it's
snowing
you enjoy watching videos people eat
okay
so less yeah it's just been a little
packet of popcorn she tried to throw it
away first thought was she's like
obsessed take oh wait a second oh we're
here guys were in go away but a big
mirror wall behind us we are right near
to tan center we decided not to go for a
hotel this time around just like we did
on his birthday we've done like an
Airbnb job again cuz it's just like an
apartment Amina decided to give you guys
a house tour it was so nice of her I
think oh me is come around
Omar's coming around soon oh we're gonna
go to seonmi then oh ma do you know what
oh yeah do you know what a media daddy
stayed up really late last night and got
the video done so tight you doesn't even
I have to upload or edit a video oh
really yes I did a relay last night Oh
all right that's right you for you guys
look at her she's like a fiend now like
a little fiend you like popcorn popcorn
you like popcorn yeah she tried to throw
the first one did she she wasn't sure
it's like styrofoam so maybe she's into
salt like you you like this huh I can
take the head and just keeps going in
hey good learner try some bacon fries
both or yeah yeah yeah yeah so she
couldn't sit up and eat a pack of crisps
by that she couldn't like eat things by
herself really you know a little bit
maybe boy I love when they get much like
you know you know somewhere like a
little bit like this and up until they
get to Amelia's age then it all goes
downhill these are the only bags that
you have for the whole holiday so let me
just see what you guys have packed for
the whole holiday oh well we have a last
year's iPad which is great and and then
we have it wired as iPad and then we
have googly who's taking up half of the
suitcase and then we have this jumper oh
and we need a poo and monkey so that's
all Eduardo has for the whole holiday
let's see what Amelia has for the whole
holiday oh we have musical oh what's
that
was it oh I say nothing then Amelia has
her iPad and a pile of blankie bears
no no wait wait that's actually my
birthday careful careful careful
I know you've done such a girl holding
it this long wait so this is what
everyone has for the holidays unless our
bags arrive okay I just called Aer
Lingus for an update on the bags I gave
my m lost baggage number or whatever
tracking number and it says they don't
have any information yet which like
about light landed I have four so I'm
just really scared but there's nothing
they haven't actually got on the plane
our bags didn't yeah they're probably at
home having the life I'm really scared
is the kids I know it's not like if it
was just the two of us we could just
easily go to like a shop or something
and just buy eat inside out the
underwear just buy you know a Starbucks
with three kids and it's late now it's
5:10
I like no we can't do that so I'm gonna
go to ohm you guys wouldn't ugh
good heavens that's my famous words
coming to the piano floor oh me oh my
it's noisy for the Dancy floor you want
to see the dougie all right open the
door
brace yourself brace yourself oh I never
met your one yeah no I was thinking of
the other one no now so the day of days
got even crazier friends some of you
eagle eyes that there might realize this
looks a bit different
tell the boys and girls at home what did
you do in the other place was it
something to do with two bedroom
upstairs what happened he got locked
into the bedroom yeah was it scary yeah
go that's one thing you're good one
because it's going knocks on oh they do
exactly daddy managed to rescue you
thankfully but we decided to leave that
well I talked you through it I talked to
you to it after her it was scary
that's because I just ate some mints
that we're just sitting on my bed and it
was very nice
Oh oink we're not at Google so we
decided
to a hotel instead didn't where lasya
rejection reunited though we stayed in
this hotel
once when Emilia was only a little baby
I mean it was only a baby and now you're
here so yeah we got a cool room so it's
like our kind of like bed stuff is here
and the kids are over there in their
little room but everything's okay no
one's gonna be locked in don't you lock
in yourself in for what a day friends
location right night-night guys guys big
responsibility tonight she's asleep just
over here my big responsibility
