good morning we're going to school
meetings got a new scarf all right come
on in media let's go
we've got a new scarf today right gonna
show everybody your new scar it's from
when she was a baby
don't do that from when she was a baby
like a little baby in there
all right let's go gonna show Emma
walking to school is actually a lot
colder than I thought
I didn't bring a scarf or anything
because I thought this big white while
the last few days was wrong what are you
doing I think I need to get her boots as
well for a winter time otherwise those
shoes are gonna get ruined
hello Eduardo Hey Amelia's done to
school it's the last week of school
before Christmas holidays am I looking
forward to having a Mina home for
Christmas holidays huh I miss having you
guys rent a house all the time you know
that you can't easily to have my gettin
to myself always off doing schools and
activities and things but now they're
home you don't put holidays this guy's
asleep robbery's you asleep in our eyes
mister
climb aboard that Express mm is also
gone will Anna on the school run so
rain blew apart oh hold on tight mr. B
hold on tight
hold on tight you seem to be slipping
almost down see if you can find it out
from his friend
what's that wide oh what's that what's
that if they bring a friend who is it
horsey a reindeer the elves brought a
ring there and they brought you a book
Wow isn't that cool huh it is a carrot
yeah look it's your nose you're an Olaf
hpop
say bye to mommy
I myself and Eduardo or off swimming the
last swimming session here isn't it
this is it wardo we got to do it good
today
what are we gonna do today swim are we
gonna do a good swimming job laughing of
the year friends got a good one this is
it we are going to my car ready now you
are sitting Amelia seat or duardo seat
alright jump inside cause y'all gonna
stand fast is it yucky that's because in
media keeps putting her feet everywhere
she makes it yucky huh Eduardo right
tell you a secret
girls are yucky yeah you got nice man oh
you got mark on your nails no quickly
put your hat on and not yours I'm gonna
have my hat Eider oh no I know
Meehan G and ha now well no she can't
sit in her seat now because your bike is
on her seat but she doesn't need to sit
on your seat now let's go okay does it
I don't need my house do you not okay
you say so you're the boss though are no
well what do you think mommy will be
okay what you're not wearing a hat no
okay oh do you think mommy will get
cross-quarter wasn't going as hot
no all the baby I can't well my hope
you're a baby
yeah are you a baby no you know or not
now oh my top five kids blah blah oh
you're a big brother oh wow
the lucky day not today are you excited
to be a big brother
yeah yeah you gonna be a good big
brother chapter the baby you're gonna
look after the baby
yeah you're gonna help no are ya
pick the bay what is the gauge
you gotta push the baby on her buggy oh
it's very nice of you tomorrow what else
you gonna do baby that's it that's it
you gonna change her nappies yeah you
gonna put her to bed at night and read
her a book oh you're the best big
brother and when she grows up
okay you have to make sure right if
loads of naughty boys are all like oh
you know you have to defend her too sure
her big brother and big brothers have to
look after their little sisters ah yeah
you're gonna be her prince a knight in
shining armor you to be my wingman you
still used to be my wingman you've to
like keep your eyes on the girls Amelia
and the music oh listen to me no listen
today oh my good right right here we're
gone all right nobody go swimming ddungi
what are you singing it's you guys
better
hmm I think we need both of these so
obviously random swimming and then we
have to go myself from the gang to go
that meetings yeah I did not want to
walk up the thing all right okay we can
go this way the dead stairs animate that
that says mo and Emma's never walk with
the dead stairs she won't Jam them oh
yes I totally just collected her some
reason
Emma was here all weekend and we're
dropping her home to the airport well
yeah it was fun zooming was amazing
today was the last day to year
eduarda did so well and actually tried
to sing when I actually let him go and
he swam in his own I'm very proud of him
it was a very proud moment I wish I
could have shared it with you but we'll
buy a house with a swimming pool then I
can share my swimming experience with
Eduardo and also someday Anna we need to
go into these caves we've been saying it
for like nearly three years and we live
in my town know about this thing look
someday we need to go in here
it's closed I want to what the Khazar
you know what could be down there
treasure here dance would you buy them
so we're filming friend news friend the
first proper Christmas friend news
friend video in the amazing Christmas
set so cool-looking Oh your turn easy
you've to wear the hat dance like a fool
that's the rules if it's a song on give
it the song on as the pony is hot every
good-looking in Stowe somebody arms
attend us tons and tons of of this like
Asian candy I kept a letter to be read
in somewhere yeah it is from I am twice
um now live in Japan Ching then I think
oh no thing's an but yeah we're gonna go
and do this I think this would be really
interesting some of this stuff is so
weird
they want the hack anyway look up like
wash buddy what even is that who knows
who knows what no spawner well we'll see
we'll see but that's a different video
for a different day no spoiler don't
spoil your spoiling spoiler alert hello
there Eduardo no there
ah how's it going ouch oh this little
fella is a sensitive a sensitive Steven
we call you Steven Steven I know again
thank you even Stephen Stephen Stephen
Stephen are your name Steven is there
anyone called Stephen in the room right
now
Stephen Stephen come here hi hi Stephen
what's your name what's your name what's
your daddy's name Debbie no what's his
real name
- Jonathan uh what's your sister's name
a bit yeah no spit what's your sister's
name Amy yeah Oh what's your mommy's
name um ah what is your new sister baby
name fell easy rosy rosy and Ravi walk
do you know your sister safety thing
what's her name Rosie and Kali oh no no
no a glittering no discuss world like
you did sicknesses that's his sickness
and fast
that's a sting this is past oh my
goodness like either of you guys can see
which is like sprays to spray in the
glasses oh my goodness no that's it
that's it mister you're gonna get it
you're gonna get it good you did you
have fun swimming today with Eddie yeah
we spend a lot of time together lately
don't we mr. oh yeah cuz I noticed that
Eduardo was getting a lot older and I
noticed that he needs a lot of guy time
cuz it wardo
just realized he's a boy did you know
you're a boy you are now and he started
to notice that I'm a boy as well
Oh big leather you are a big brother Wow
yeah boy a big boy and do you like
hanging out with Daddy yeah yeah yeah
daddy likes hanging out with you hi
mommy and immediately you like go to my
dad but you're not reading in my bed at
night I know why because that's what
naughty boys doing well mmm well yeah I
noticed that he needs a lot more guy
time so we start doing a lot of guy time
stuff right now ow I bring up all his
events are yes
climb climb climb
that's what it's like you know I says
that as a dad you know it's like yeah
mom has a lot more involvement at the
start of their life but then at that
point where you have to like step in as
dad I'm with Amelia oh my goodness I had
a crack to the crack I heard a crack but
I really like to step in when she needed
her dad to be got but then Amelia she
hasn't pulled away from you but she
likes spending time with Anna the two of
them do it I'm like like chillin
together and just watching TV together
and watching iPads and phones and stuff
whereas this is a fella this little
fella likes doing dad stuff
Eduardo some day station ah I cannot
wait till that day five where was he
war where was he three on the left two
one
put on an apron laughing hello baby baby
I can't film you but I can't wait then
we are able to we want to put a bathroom
between the two kids rooms Oh a Jack and
Jill Jack and Jill well you know one of
those and wet rooms yeah where they're
like long remember like the Hezbollah no
yeah Angela enrollment never killed and
then to design a batch ooh it's perfect
for showering kids
okay Amy am i doing hands o Amenia you
don't worry about come on let's go oh
that's cute
uh-oh your room is really tidy I want to
kill a lot of my jobs right now we
replace the mat I realize it doesn't fit
properly but it's a temporary thing
because we're not staying here for much
longer but we were we're going to
replace it properly before we leave with
one that actually fits but for now we've
got this one because I knew this would
happen
dogs pissing on our doormats
any chance they get oh look at the heart
hmm look at Jonathan what you cleaned up
I did not think I was paying you a
compliment you don't deserve I was gonna
take it ya know
anyway okay all right we kids new bed um
Anna's here hi we are watching a movie I
have waited for this movie for so long
okay okay the office the American office
was really good really enjoyed it the
English office was very special because
when it came out I used to work in an
office and it all made so much sense and
this I've been waiting for this thing to
come here for so long and I just bought
it it's available on Amazon right now
I'm like I'm always on Amazon but yeah
life on the road David Brent I am really
excited to watch it watch the trailer
friends anyway I'm really excited to
watch this did you ever watch the UK one
do you K Prentiss okay it's very
different
it's very very different but it's really
good anyway let's go I'm having popcorn
and the celebration I did I oh goodness
me okay what are you a good boy friends
I hope you are having a good day
talk to you later Johnson Indian slave
say something fun Thank You stance today
this is the end of the video
apparently Amelia I'm supposed to say
something super fun Eduardo you can't
cry in the end slate there's rules
there's rules about entries okay what
what we're eating cake we're eating
cookies oh my goodness we're eating
cookies in it is that way is that the
alarm going off are we burning cookies
Oh No okay guys we gotta go thanks for
watching today's video I hope you
enjoyed it bye we gotta go eat cookies
oh my goodness tune in tomorrow TV
action Brenda cookies my friends bye
