making a video your chunky you're gonna
eat my chocolate Johnny's coming today
guys Emma's coming today
poopoo Emma oh no the first guys who
need to go downstairs and see what would
be that let's go downstairs and see what
the elf did guys I heard he was very
naughty last night he's making tons and
tons of noise get out of town
also it's Amelia a special Christmas
party in school today so she gets to
wear a Christmas jumper yeah oh I am
trying you did you see me ts jumperado
it wider than a Christmas jumper as well
it does have Christmas decorations let's
go and find out what the elf did today
hopefully he wasn't a naughty let's go
yeah what oh my goodness guys what are
they doing what is he doing oh oh my
goodness look at them two little Messrs
Oh does he wanna do this we're dead
they're too far business all right
calendar time it's this one up here I
know let's sit up here calendar time
Amina
what you get today you got chocolate
let's have a look
oh it's a ducky with the letter S on it
mmm we should do a recap of all of these
so you can try and have a look at the
clue situation but it's an Esquire doing
a little ducky okay Helen came by and
Anna has done something crazy guys and
it's got another puppy what do you think
huh
it's not bad seven dogs is okay though
isn't it what do you think what do you
think of a mortal shoot dogs it again
Jackson look at me you go over here so
you can like that oh don't jump up I'm
eight yeah you know oh my goodness look
at this surfing
Andy would you like to get a closer legs
coach your legs together no getting
little puffy and Eduardo give a little
pet Oh
do you love the little puppy where it's
a little puppy right out
do you love the little puppy yeah leave
comments if you think we should get
another puppy a new family member hello
new family member oh she did a yard
oh my god she smells like Pardo
did you love her this is so cute she can
walk off yeah who's your mommy okay you
get your hat in your coat on because we
have to go collect the mo from the
airport no need come I don't think so
well because she's only a baby
okay just matter where she smells like a
pokey and everything let's just shake
you bet she loves you oh you seen her
let's go come on
oh my goodness these are all our dogs
imagine and we got his dogs go Mac for
puppy Sunday oh this is me she was
asleep yeah yeah and and it's really
good she's doing really well she's
opening you know again which one you
want word oh do anything other are the
ones whose inner they're in the front oh
my goodness guys they're multiplying
they're multiplying every five minutes
another one is born whoever likes this
video gets a free puppy today Helen will
drop a bite as I was doing my makeup um
I loved you as I was doing my makeup I
spilled like primer potion on my
leggings and it's so annoying because
the actually not that bad but look can
you guys see that I wiped it like as
much as possible so I've got a big wet
patch here big wet patch here but it's
like not coming out
hey Jonathan's going to pick up my
sister Emma from the airport I'm such a
pot sister like I'm going to get my
nails done and I'm not picking her up
Jonathan cancelled his training like
personal training to go pick her up like
that's a good brother-in-law right there
anyway um yeah no it's just because I
couldn't reschedule this nail
appointment cuz it's the run-up to
Christmas so that's why but I don't not
love my sister promise alright we were
here in the giant Christmas tree whoa
whoa wardo who's that guy in there he's
that guy there that way I know I mean
sighs it is saying oh my goodness who
remembers about two or three years ago
we're in Ireland we bought that a time
he was like 10 or 12 foot Christmas tree
for the lols it was like ginormous it
was a huge mistake wasn't it you don't
even remember this is why do again
orange white oh whoa yellow white oh
come on it's cool let's go find Emma all
right let's see arrivals
I think she's arriving I hope she's
arriving you know Emma's flying in from
New York I think I might be wrong she's
on Norwegian air I've never filmed
Norwegian air
why do you not see her well hopefully
we're gonna see her certainly oh look at
all Ghana Christmas decoration her light
she's like so cute like she's got this
she's got this tree I notice I don't
know what college have maybe and now I'm
thinking of something like like winter
white or something what do you guys
think it's so difficult to pick this -
decisions decisions decisions there we
go they're nuts
Norwegian from New York it was 21
minutes late supposed to be in a 10 so
she's probably gonna be a while getting
here
we're gonna have to just chill here for
a few minutes mr. okay okay
just got my nails done and you guys are
never gonna believe what color I went
with I'm not even being sarcastic
um you can't see doesn't any show
properly hold on let me show you like
this can you guys see oh my god I'm so
excited about this so you probably can't
really tell that well on camera but yeah
it's not doing it any justice this is a
really pale pink and then she put this
like holographic it's not what she
called it
glitter on that has like a hint of pink
in it as well and oh my god it looks
like a sparkling snowflake but like a
pink sparkling snowflake I'm so happy
with them I never usually do glitters
but like this is just so pretty let's
see if I can do it like we have that
Lighting's better so you're probably oh
yeah you can see oh my god help ID so
basically you know how I said that I
wiped it with a wipe there's like a
stain where I wiped it look at that can
you guys see that there's like a
noticeable ring so this was the stain
and then I've just made the stain even
bigger how is that even possible like
what have I done to myself
so now I just look like a hot mess like
now I don't even think I can leave the
house like well obviously I haven't left
the house but it's too late like that's
just disgusting what am i a slob this is
so exciting so we're going to Amelia's
ballet and it is watching week so we get
to see her and Emma's here so she gets
to experience it as well my mom is so
jealous because she didn't get to do
this last week like she got to come but
she didn't get to actually see like what
you know them performing kind of
exciting and she brought her a magic one
which is a paintbrush
hello oh it's been a while since we've
had one of those you know one of those
good old chats about life and living and
all that kind of stuff some days in life
you just wake up and you look around at
the life that you've created in the
world that you are in and you think how
did I get here you sometimes can lose
control in your own life and although
one minute life can be great and life
can be exactly how you wanted life to be
and you think wow this is the best I'm
so happy right now and then you yet you
get complacent in your happiness and
other forces can come into your life and
sort of where you noticing stories are
turning your life and then suddenly
you're in a completely different
direction and you wake up one morning
and you look around you're like me you
take in
wait a second is this is this I thought
I was really happy this seems different
and then you're not worrying about it so
you wake up again another day and you
think is this what is this and then I
can keep happening and then suddenly you
get to this sort of crisis point when
you look around you think I'm not really
happy I always seem like I'm happy and
everything should make me feel happy
life is about course corrections you
know you need to keep handling them in
relationships it's really important for
you and your partner to talk about self
to correct relationship here sometimes
relationships parenting with the
children needs a will in your job
sometimes in life and everything we're
not talking about all of those things
we're just talking about your own
personal life my own personal life this
is not my wreckage but I know or the
kids or work or in that crap I'm just
talking where I am today in life you
know when a movie ends and it comes to
the last moment in a movie and it's like
the happy ending and you think I got
that they got the happy ending and then
a credits roll
I always wondered and then what happened
and not like make a sequel and then you
know create an order exciting thing I'm
just like and then what happened and
that's what happens in life and you hit
those big moments those big milestones
and you go wow and you're excited about
them and then the credits roll and then
what happens you're when you're ended
and then what happens you're in their
transition point to the next exciting
adventure of your life and sometimes
things just knock you off course and
it's really important to course-correct
yourself I'm very happy I'm happy but
I'm going in a direction that I don't
want to go but everything's forcing me
to go that direction and if I if I say
nothing I might find myself in 10 or 15
or 20 years or some day where I'm like
oh I shouldn't have done that or I
shouldn't have allowed myself to be like
steered in that direction where I should
have taken control of my life and
steered in a direction that I want to go
in I'm gonna take control of the
steering wheel again I'm gonna try and
steer it back onto the the course
correction that I needs I think I think
I need a course correction which is
great because it's coming towards the
end of this year this has been a tough
year it's been a very hard year for me
losing that kids or at the air like that
really messed me up or really affected
me I think it made me appreciate my kids
more I love my kids and all but I just I
don't know sense of mortality and time
and all that kind of self but maybe I
have to true me off I'm not sure but I'm
gonna make a little course correction in
my life friends or maybe it's wrong to
do this give me back the steering wheel
but I feel like I need to do it so I
just thought it'd make this video and
say these things and maybe somebody out
there also is feeling like they need a
course correction we can do it together
friends okay as you can tell it's
freezing cold so I'm gonna go by while I
was editing I really thought about
deleting that and I actually did delete
that whole thing and then it brought it
by kinks I taught you guys are always
tweeting me and when I meet people are
always saying at all times when I
he's like life epiphany moments and I
talk about things actually he hit home
with you guys so I hope I didn't bore
you well maybe maybe I helped you I
don't know and you I hope you enjoyed
the video friends and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
