are you rain oh hello have to turn this
off so you can see yeah now Wow look at
the quality it's amazing isn't it so
maybe explain we did nativity set here
quality oh my goodness this camera is
amazing let's flick it over to the main
camera alienists are using the story of
Christmas okay to explain to everybody
who's it so who we got here Mia who's
this one here that's Joseph okay um
who's just one here Mary who's the baby
what if we got here a cow and then so a
shepherd is there is there room in the
inn oh wait the throw away around it's
the room and Megan please
oh I mean it's not time to get dressed
okay Anna wait till you say hello
where do you see the quality on this
thing it is insane oh yeah you can't see
it in there is it hard yeah like hey you
did you see it's not amazing
is that it's like a vlog it's like its
life it's incredible
so we're hello friends and welcome to
today oh my goodness look at this oh
there's not compressed but it's amazing
Google so this is a Google picks up
phone Google sent me this phone but it
still makes it I was like I don't know
this is way better than the iPhone II
seriously I think it's up there I can oh
look I only have an iPhone 6s plus I
don't have an iPhone 7 but definitely
the a Google picture phone is incredible
is that oh my goodness
anyway did you go did you look at into
questions yeah and I did that question
being here let's see you sounded so
honest Akoni Charlie live Bang
what is it squished just put it right
here okay
how much voice you usually have from
when I oh Cody would you rather have a
stinking hot Christmas like Australia or
a freezing cold one I think Christmas
needs to be cold right oh it is Jill
thanks Jill it's pretty amazing isn't it
Oh Hannah hi Hannah Georgia my favorite
what is your favorite part oh wait stop
hey hey no don't you don't you do it
when you come into Ireland I spent like
26 you sir
why are your plans I love these live
streams oh thanks friend it's the baby's
name Italian yes Oh favorite is it
Italian yeah it is Italian I just sure
I'm not the best one to trust
will you live where is some we'd like to
travel
are you planning going on holidays soon
yeah I don't know you see we're having
the baby soon so I'm not sure about the
holiday plans but it will be a holiday
next year as always good holiday once a
year
hello cannot with Christmas kind of a
calendar watching Taccone Sunday brunch
will be vlogging my friends you can just
talk to yourself so you just leave thing
is right now with this hashtag you can
basically just talk to yourself what's
under your hashtag here or you can use
the my notifications or you can just use
Saucony Jolie's alright that's that's
basically all you guys they're shouting
huh oh my goodness look at this thing
which one can we get move faster
hashtag scream shirley's or hashtag
enjoy his life lets you whom win on your
marks get set go Linda Linda then
crushing it of course this one's dead
Oh Aaron got a big hello there hi oh
hello thing you just go my name is too
handsome cuz I'm laughing I'm making it
go all wonky monkey Dunkey Oh hilarious
back over to me you know I think next
December I might actually take December
off December is such a funny one for
YouTube because hello
hardly anybody watches YouTube in this
error feels like everyone's got like
shopping to do and everyone's got like
exams and everyone's got like family
stuff and it's like I know no one ever
really it's always really the views are
always a bit odd in December you know
then it's like I shot this video with
the kids on a friendliest random video
this prank video it is like the best and
it's just a mate if you talk to the egg
one was good this thing is incredible
but then I don't want to just upload it
and like waste it you know who's gonna
put stuff up and then be like oh no and
then there's left and then
like there's no things I want to tell
you guys they've had a couple of good
announcements that I want to tell you
guys about but then I feel like is there
any point in putting it up in December
because only half not even half less
than half I don't know if you guys are
actually here right now so it's like oh
no we don't even listen to me that won't
promises to watch our blogs do you know
guys you should hit the little m nope
you should hit the little bell button
you notice a little bell button hold on
let me try and find it here
zoom you guys again I broke my wrist and
foot oh no George a broken wrist and
foot hello duardo
ah Eduardo Brooke says hi Brooke can you
say hi Brooke
say hi Brooke what revoir let's uh let's
have a deep conversation where Eduardo
Eduardo what do you want for Christmas
what a castle yeah what kind of Castle
do you want a cheese castle yeah see you
want a castle for Christmas made out of
cheese with Ben and ho burning rolling
toys what else do you want what else you
are for business
you aren't pudding you aren't putting
for Christmas and a Ben and Holly cheese
castle and oh look I fix our life that
way and cheese Jesus Oh Eduardo wants a
cheese castle and tomato
I commits me come here to me come here
coming no holy doc come here
let me know come here let me know we
have a video now
wardo let's sing a crib let's sing a
Christmas song for all our friends is it
all are they taking a long time to form
a terrible today
what hey you know are you guys to join
me Eduardo this rendition Eduardo so
cute and it looking beautiful I was like
give me your phone water so cute
Jonathan you're amazing machine and
you're like dream goals boyfriend
husband father goals why sure sure I fit
Amenia let me just see a quick outfit in
any commercial Barbie movie well I go
away you do my story alright you guys
watch your movie ok oh don't venture
into the human world they should know
better
alright we leave the kids watching her
their movies just me and white hair hey
I forgot to bring the board down where I
am
what letter should we do you remember
you go did you see last week's one it
was such
what if they miss mine yeah you know Oh
everyone last week right it was like
it's just water guys you're married like
you've made babies and stuff like why do
you care it's because Ana's Singh and
his water bottle and his water bottle
has lipstick all over the top of it
and I don't want to drink lipstick
flavored water let's put this here so
you guys can have a chat with on it for
a minute and I'm gonna go get the board
whoa
like series in about quantity I know
it's incredible
okay you guys have a child again boy
okay what should we chat about let's see
can I answer questions okay thank you
all all right let's answer some
questions
Oh human being okay you ready yeah you
want we're gonna answer some questions
okay see H mean your outfit
what's it from I got it for you
okay yes daddy's not come but we're
picking some questions they're just
saying hello look who's that
no do you know where the that's
daddy do you know when where the
Philippines is I probably couldn't point
pick it out on the map could you pick
out the Philippines on them on a map I
know he's got two phones one of them is
crazy
oh yeah look let me show you this is my
parent iPhone you know coming off at the
top it's got a mind of its own okay you
mean if you want to pick this week's
letter never gonna take off so we have
the board guys yeah it's going to pick a
letter
you can't see immediate oh that's a love
heart I thought this why because I wants
it to
everybody on the station here know we
can you know what I know it's cute okay
you want to think or off the board
all right so let me just check yes there
is no or don't say anything about what
we're doing because somebody will say
and this is like oh yeah so we can't
tell somebody what we're actually doing
here because somebody would just say
that left right now she'll only stay mmm
she'll only saying okay it's a double
whammy today lives there is no D in the
baby's name let's do a full recap oh
good you're all squished in this corner
look we still there you just please
briefly wait for me
now use it on your chair hello class
we've established there is no or there
is no e there is no end there is no love
heart there is no deal there is no wo
there is no said there is no oh yeah
none of those letters are in her name
and then people like this one yeah oh
yeah okay yeah okay well yeah that's
gonna begin with that one bit like all
different
no no that's daddy's one that's Johnny's
parents this one or you've got your own
one somewhere all right guys tweet tweet
questions for Amelia Amelia
what do you
watch a movie you guys want to go inside
watch a movie stay here okay you watch
me yeah you've expanded like there's no
room anymore to get past you okay all
right you're gonna stay here okay okay
would you thinking a pony show it's an
elevator button you ready you're in the
hot seat
Joe said I should marry the manger also
should we do a recap on the calendar
let's see recap in the calendar
alright okay for some of you guys that
don't have the advent calendar this is
what it looks like
do you know what I know this is where
you really cool with this you can melt
some chocolate and you can pour melted
chocolate inside the little trays and
it'll actually we create the actual
moles how cool is that
so it's like that when we are we're
designing creating these we spent a
little bit more money in actually making
sure you had like take chocolate and
like really good quality stuff so you
can actually at the end of this you can
keep the trays or keep the whole
calendar because it's kind of cool but
keep the trays and you can make your own
chocolate or maybe we should do that is
the video I'm friendly as friends anyway
so this is whoever act I know loads of
people have gone and googles and found
videos and stuff on YouTube of people
know it or know of people who have found
what the calendar surprise secret thing
is but you will get more out of it if
you actually wait for another 12 days
and play the game I'll tell you guys
that you're gonna figure it out again
hold on a second wardo are you claiming
what's wrong
do you have baby Jesus give immediate me
Jesus don't fight over Jesus Jesus loves
everybody okay
over here is that Joseph no yeah in
about five or six days I think everyone
will have figured out what this is
well I was showing all our friends your
chocolate happening calendar because
this is your chocolate I haven't dollars
is one is chocolate I'm thinking on this
and I wanted to shorten the sequence
things you do you like chocolate don't
place the doors
why would you close the door means you
have to go back in time well when I was
a kid right we only had one advent
calendar and we would do it no we only
had one I've encountered between all
four of us and we have the way did you
know you know we never had chocolate
knew it that's it okay let's do let's
see how quick Q&A for a few minutes all
right this chocolate started it with
stuff on the back of the oven calendar
obvi so what what is some breakfast
morning what Kerry Lynn's is what are
you most looking forward to with the new
baby
it turns up order I am most looking
forward to if you have to take away you
looking for energy baby if you have a
baby
our standard induction right and you
have to make me go to labor in the
morning what you mean
sometime yeah you know like the way the
last two things have happened so we
ended up having a quite like yeah like a
date time baby
and on that thing days afterwards no I
mean like afterwards like go home and I
collect the kids and I bring them in and
dad is one most looking forward to
walking down the labor ward with he's in
hell before I know I'm still like that
is the most exciting thing I am to walk
down to labor over a medium Eduardo and
knock on the door and open the door and
come into you Drimmer
Eduardo got a media and audio you can
watch that video but I've got a media
Nouriel I'm bringing them in and just
see what did they do you know pancake
what do you must decide for the baby
because I've told that story before I
just hope everything goes well yeah you
know where every assumption yeah yeah
we're in it in such everything goes well
but I think I'm yeah I think seeing who
she is and yeah obviously imagine she's
you have blonde hair hair hair hours oh
I'm actually sometimes that it's got
green eyes I'd be like you don't know
there
from when they come out they are all
born at the same car night I don't think
I've ever had a baby before I don't care
to know anything so you don't actually
know sure except ours were quite dark so
I kind of did have an inkling but like
generally there all want grey eyes oh
yeah their face has changed as well okay
but they kind of mold a little bit
although I always think that they look
the same like when I see yeah like when
they cry they have the same Crimea still
has the same sad thing he's got the same
one that's all it's so weird so they do
change on the sea but like not not like
that much unless they get plastic
surgery here's a good way here's another
here's the garden what are you most
looking forward to squirrel what are you
most looking forward to in 2017 yeah I
think eyes yeah Annamayya number one
thing I mean next is gonna be like
amazing it's gonna be such an
interesting year like we can't tell you
much about the house but he's so cute
we're pretty much close on a house
we finally family that we've really
really liked and we pretty much closed
on it so I'm really excited and it it's
gonna take a long time to do all like
all the legal stuff and all that stuff
but hopefully we'll have the keys soon
and we will actually be our first home
it's gonna be so amazing because it's an
extremely complicated process it's a lot
I'm having a conversation I plan to hear
all that they haven't been for a while
oh yeah true yeah so yeah we're looking
for dotnet I'm getting to make the
nursery for the baby that's gonna be
amazing art painting walls and whatever
the hell you ate in the house yeah
definitely nursery and then at
decorating media Atwater's room
decorator how he's making a house our
own like it's gonna be so cool
renovating a house it's just gonna be so
cool like and then obviously the baby's
coming next year we have a couple other
big projects coming next year which we
still kind of tell you guys about but
hopefully shortly we will actually be
able to announce we're in big things
within next year which is really
exciting it's really come a long way um
yeah
really exciting um and then do you
remember a while ago I was telling you
about a business a company myself my
friend set up
I don't Sabrina we one part of that is
actually making a game we're making that
a game ah for you guys is actually on my
phone here I can show you the game but
where we've just gotten into beta
testing it so we'd be developing it for
quite some time now and I mean see
making Trey like a tiny little bit I
sold it
oh you're telling them what's going on
so we've developed the game and it's
amazing it's an amazing game and you can
sell things independent I don't know I
don't wanna show you the tree I'm trying
to find where's the avatar part where I
can show you why it actually look like
yeah yeah okay contain skin colour
thank you this guy yeah yeah when we go
in with the beardy guy so you guys have
a little sneak peek so you can actually
change okay my fingers my phone is not
working but yeah it's gonna be amazing
guys
you can be a girl no I haven't haven't
you got some clothes options
oh my photos that work and put out yeah
very excited friends very excited for
that game is going to be amazing
goom's buddy a sit-down that's happening
to is a lot of exciting stuff going on
in 2017 and i think i see a whole idea
of this at skating and vlogs i hope you
guys are okay with and all the saturdays
and sundays even though we are doing
live blogs and even though you don't
miss anything because there's still the
vlogs next week but I'm finding it like
oh yeah this is live TV friends coming
up oh I don't I did it we have a problem
why doesn't Anna do Friendly's friend
videos um because it's like it's just
like your channel that I wanted to do
with the kids
that's really it like I just wanted to
have fun with the kiddos um yeah I think
that's it like it'll probably eventually
just become I'll probably eventually
stop being in the videos if you just be
Emilien Eduardo I did feel a really
funny get ready with me video which I
don't know I don't feel like working
today but if I did if I do feel the urge
to work later on I will upload it it
says a get ready with me with a media
getting
and getting yourself ready and severide
it's really funny job huh all right what
the hell is a DAB guys everyone's let's
do the job thing it's not it pump
I don't even ordered a biz I'm not
really am I'm not really cool what brand
is your fridge don't know if you were to
move to another country where you moved
here nah I think well I think we look
good here
I really like this place has anyone ever
recognized you in Sorento we're gonna
send it's crazy like literally everyone
in the entire town knows who we are you
know cuz we go to every single year we
met I think last year probably met a few
hundred viewers like every day was like
40 or 50 people I call into the hotel or
like seeing us or in the evenings and
around town I was crazy
so yeah yeah yeah what a nice talking to
ya
turning into tea my kind of combo yeah
yeah my wife does never get scary when
you have viewers come up to you with the
kids yeah we do a thing now where we
don't have people and we just say like
oh don't take pictures of the kids and
we'll try it cuz when this process of
teaching the kids all about stranger
danger and we're really trying to
enforce stranger dangerous so yeah like
who me meet viewers at the moment and
we're just trying to say here like like
you know no offense but we're trying to
teach the kids about the stranger danger
thing so we don't want people
interacting with them as much because
it's it you know I mean I don't want
media and what I'm familiar with
strangers today today I'm the strangest
strange is just coming up and talking to
them you know and I mean so a
reinforcement so have you ever see the
kids out in the batter oh no no no look
you talk to me I'm okay with stranger
later can you say hello to Martha for me
or Martina hello marjina
hey I'm Martina masca Metro which one
you thought the baby was named which one
of you taught of the baby girl's name I
think it was a joint effort we keep this
under tip my tongue to say it it's a
really nice name though he's waiting for
you to bring him something okay guys you
ready we're gonna feed the thing
squirrel alive can we zoom in this thing
oh I can't what are you giving them I
know how you unzoom oh we got these
things in the P o box you ever send them
Thanks the kids like them they're like a
toad Hudson peeled off listings you know
broken as well listing came in half as
he put it up at school no he's gonna go
away first oh it was cute you ran away
it's gonna go away first okay go for it
what I'll watch you from in here
well he didn't run away she's just
throwing food at him like he's behind
just behind her head right now
oh oh let's see him running right in
there
let's see he's not he's not afraid cuz
he knows he might get food that it is oh
there's a little star here
hey why she's doing that right look at
this right also oh I'm gonna don't have
to strip the hand over all to do today
in the peel box right look at ours look
at him on the streets we have it's
ridiculous um these things came they're
cool I've eaten the first one but
there's another one in there it's like a
tree feels it like they're like jellies
and stuff in there I'm pretty much eaten
the first one and it's all held together
with chocolate how amazing is that
oh my goodness we had a celebration as
well and some peasant what's happened he
was watching you for a while but then he
ran away yeah well you know you know I
think he knows that food is coming
yeah oh my God look he's there he's
there let's go look
running across the main big tree the big
tree right there that's amazing I just
saw Oh Co Co Co come on in inside inside
Theodore Theodore Co
feel come on the Oh what's happening
we're going for a drive
all right let's see if he comes back
this is the road to nowhere oh no right
the tunnel is a creepy town yeah never
did the booze
please leave now I leave him for a while
leaving for a while did you oh boy
right all right so we got to go because
anna is filling a baking video with the
kids what are you guys bacon what do you
what do you what are you bacon here's
some honest baked earlier cool so are
you decorating these are you making
fresh new ones
oh that wasn't joke I was a joking me
now what we're making soup are you
making gingerbread or money would you
like to make gingerbread Oh mommy yeah I
know
anyway let's get out of here guys
alright thanks for watching today's
livestream hope you enjoyed it hope you
learned something don't you know nature
like nature were part of nature
humanity is nature remember taking the
road
by Coco I think was just me in the kid
yeah the video alright thanks watching
guys hope you enjoyed the video don't
forget this the like button leave nice
comments do all sorts of things that oh
okay
I totally forgot when I end this blot
when I end this I'm going to tweet it in
a few minute processes and it's on
YouTube I'm gonna tweet down everyone
that retweets that tweet will be in a
chance to win and the last of the
avocados I have a few left so I'm gonna
get them all away so I can't do the
giveaway on YouTube but if you go ahead
and retweet my tweet that's gonna come
in a few minutes on my account everyone
every tweet that for like like 12 hours
from an app or next in a while and then
I will pick a winner
okay my friends thanks for watching and
see you guys tomorrow Amelia and say bye
say bye a media Eduardo say bye bye bye
bye yeah subscribe
