good morning friends welcome to today's
video
hello Eduardo so we have had quite a
busy morning here this morning we woke
up this video um we went downstairs and
we saw the elf Christmas this was guys
alright let's go see what the out finish
I've done that
what was the elf doing this morning
he was in your tractor oh my goodness oh
my goodness
there was a naughty little l lives on
the shelf he had the little friend of
the traffic lights has been held up you
see the speedy whoa careful Eduardo do
you dig deep into the did wardo touch
delft what did you do it right Oh what
did you do what did you do
guys Mia - breakfast time I did yeah
Eduardo touch the ALF guys after his
word I realized that the Alpha loses
magical powers after touching him how
did you feel okay look maybe it'll be
okay maybe it'll be okay weirdo
alright come on let's go inside never
breakfast inside never your bachelor's
I'll talk I'll talk to fizzy and and
Lizzie and see if I can fix it okay you
guys go inside inside come on
but then we had some tasty breakfast
dan wardo did he open an advent calendar
yeah what did we get
it's not a chocolate bunny got chocolate
just lots of squiddy's Wow what is it
oh you little squid with the letter O oh
you having a squid for breakfast the
chocolates great for breakfast and then
what happened
Amedeo into school with mommy did you
give mommy a Clara yeah yeah I need you
give Amelia kado and then what did you
do did you run to the window okay guys
we made it to the petrol station and we
have four miles left
Oh four miles we should just go on a
road trip with four miles left
who is that what you want a sweet don't
you stick your tongue out all right I'm
gonna fill the car with petroleum and
then you want to come inside with me and
maybe a lollipop yeah
and with the edoardo one
a chocolate a nuclear a how read-back
yeah well what are you saying about
milky way's all right no no yourself hey
back in a second it's perpetual in the
car and sweets my lollipop scissors
lollipops all right fingers crossed you
get a lollipop all right now that's over
look around it's a selection in here hey
do you want some wholemeal bread oh
sorry
do you want some Pierce oh this side is
it that you want kinder eggs kinder eggs
young for Lily as well yeah that's what
got three of them
that's Libby's one is why I asked her
everyone gets one yeah sounds like it
might be careful careful this cars
Amelia do you understand that because I
got you a kinder egg that is gonna be in
big trouble mommy because mommy doesn't
want you eating kinder eggs pathetic
daddy so Daddy is going to be punished
but I'm doing it for you I'm saying I'm
taking one for the team as they say
someday in her teenage years I will call
upon her take one for the team maybe
just began how about just not getting
out of bed till at least like nine
o'clock even nine o'clock will be a lion
I will take it so I don't happen out but
this one is for the three doggies this
one is for two doggies this one is just
for Bianca
and here's Eduardo what's wrong why
don't you media did it what did she do
she hate you did you pinch her you sure
what we go and ask her miss Bianca tune
in the toy box hmm
she always sleeps in the toy box
progress room has fallen here if we need
a third cage
do you love the angular Boise oh that
toy for a Bronco yeah game gets a toy
for you
hey little piggy why don't let you know
piggy
hmm he's trouble you helping mommy feed
the doggies that's good responsible pet
ownership there Eduardo
that's word Oh
oh good boy wait oh thank you
good boy I know you're a good pet owner
you don't eat it no yeah so I'm
surrounded by darkness here because
somebody is too cheap to replace the
boat look at this situation there's one
that what you do and not go with
Jonathan what are you gonna do yeah yeah
what are you gonna do and that goes like
never going to go it was that one in
that lounge
I hate these nothing I look at that
disgusting Jonathan now let's go much
better yeah on the camera but in real
life I am the one who's done though so I
don't care
okay Jon anyway it's dinnertime
what it's always at dinnertime being
finalized oh and there's two dogs just
gone out I'm sure they're gonna start
barking any minute it's like a
no-brainer like dinner time it's just
always drama time but yeah that time
time they got it anyway we're having
chicken noodle is what you should be
here but you can't see them because you
have no light bulb
it was the night before Christmas you
know
asleep not a creature was stirring not
even a rabbit hey didn't I just say
there was no creature stirring oh we are
two rabbits hello what's your name
Oh rabbit rabbit do you have a name
rabbit
you look like hmm Peter is your name
Peter Rabbit Oh nope oh you're very good
at jumping little boy when I jump my
ears fly up all over the place right but
sometimes to be honest I find it very
hard to jump because well I have a book
attached to me you see one more to go Oh
on me
you're jumping gonna be okay would you
like me to read you a story you were
gonna kiss alright kids are asleep and
we are a bed watching TV but first
lately the babies be moving a lot and I
don't know if we're at a stage where we
can actually see the baby on camera yet
but once a I'm not expecting to see
actual hand movements why are all the
dogs here now oh my I'm trapped like
literally
and is okay alright let's see if we can
find now don't be alarmed
in the next push you just move a little
vibration there no there no that's me
breathing I'll stop reading for a second
sorry dare ya
if anybody like moves in and stopped
breathing
thank you see that well where was it
point to where it is she's all down here
okay is that it No
oh that was me
see when I feel I'm moving it's more
like she like it's like you just feel
like her shoulder in her head or
something that you
what are you doing and do you see the
beeping in here you know you in there
hey seriously Xena
yeah I know you've had your babies okay
did you feel the same as all the other
babies yeah oh I thought maybe baby feel
different like hygiena yes yeah yeah
what happens when we're going to bed
tonight he's gonna be jumping around
like a lunatic well she was just there
and you kind of I don't think you did
miss that I think you caught I'm gonna
have to look back in the footage and see
okay it's crazy you know like you know
at the end in like what three weeks it's
like the end of 2016
it's the NYC days 2017 what we're having
this baby in 2017 and we're having this
baby like pretty early on in 2017 like
that's crazy I'm really excited to go
and nursery room shopping and stuff but
the reason we haven't bought I needed a
nurse room and all that kind of stuff
for the baby it's because it'll make
more sense soon when we let you in on
another exciting project but we can't
talk by that yes where's mommy's baby
even what's the baby she adores the baby
baby no more phantom pregnancies no you
know my friends we're gonna get out of
here eat her
strudel pies and tease Allen we're gonna
watch Vikings you know Vikings is back
and it's on Amazon Prime now you watch
everything on Amazon Prime
any exciting anyway enjoy your weekend
friends and we'll see you back on Monday
so long for a well let's do the same
goodbye say goodbye everybody
I'll say I think what I'll say goodbye
you like donkey see he's looking my ear
she's actually like chomping on my ear
like this ready yeah what's this
careful Jesus Christ you know she's
really scary look watch this oh just
like wait for me
all right good my friends we'll see you
guys on Monday
okay weekend oh my goodness I cannot
believe in a couple of weeks it's 2017
and we are having this baby fairly early
on in the old 2017 lads it's gonna be so
fast like once we pass New Year's boom
it's gonna be crazy I'm so excited I'm
excited about another huge thing that
we're working on which can't tell you
about but most of you probably figure
out by the way I actually phrase that
sentence when I was talking about the
baby crib what it actually is but bear
with us and we will share it in due
course exciting things happening next
year goodbye friends and I'll see you on
Monday have a good weekend
