hello there friends so today Amelia has
a very important day isn't that right
what's the meaning today I can vlog you
thank you thinking it's going to a
Christmas and we're not gonna know we
need to wake up this little man here
because he's committed so mommy daddy
Eduardo and mommy's baby are all coming
to Amelia school this morning
and we're all gonna watch you Mina on
stage singing hurts Christmas songs go
ahead show us a sneak peek gives me peek
all right let us see what this crazy
else has done today all right where
where are the guys where's the up
where's the off of the shelf oh my
goodness oh my goodness they making
copies oh my goodness me is sugar
everywhere
she put sugar everywhere
right here and she's sitting in the cup
oh hey that's my coffee mr. elf like one
of those pageant moms in the background
hey if he's standing up doing the thing
let's get some breakfast in our tummies
and then we can open our calendars and
get some chocolate need to dress her son
because we're all going to school today
number seven I believe lads there's 800
is Amelia Eduardo today good boy
you know Cassie meeting Eduardo and then
F what well mommy's coming mommy's
closing the door now evidence in a while
oh that's a good one that's that was a
good one all right
all aboard all aboard we excited it why
no I'm not going to me the school
concerts all right Robin
we're headed to media's Christmas
concert now which is so exciting hmm all
we wanted to see one of my chosen in
okay
in concert yeah and it's coke as they
stagger them like this is only two years
yeah we don't like everybody whores and
the Yerba you want to watch daddy
switched off the music you know why
because he's old
all right we are here we are in we're
ready to go or no I'm ready to watch you
meeting on stage yeah
her first nativity play I'm excited
all right we are at the Christmas Fair
how good was that
all right you know we were just thinking
next year
Eduardo is going to be doing what Amelia
was doing at the front and then Amelia
it's going to be on the main stage I
wonder oh my goodness it was so cute
their first nativity play amelia was
part of the choir her class were all
like choir singing and then the older
clades group were the actual actors was
it fun
you see Amelia on the stage singing yeah
I'm so cute like really pronunciate all
the words for little faces all of them
are so cute the kids are they we decided
we're gonna go for breakfast this
morning all of us well all three of us
well four of us babies coming to did you
sing a song why no is it over don't
forget your coach what they did why no
get for breakfast
well he already had to be like this or
it's like by crack if you went to one
kid and you're pregnant this is like
mister you are number one new boy yeah
so my one a a Wednesday Oh today's
Wednesday look a lot I got myself an old
fry with the old and loved those eggs
they're the best kind eggs
Eduardo got to cross on as we saw an
animal Eagle salmon scramblers huh
Francesca as to Francesca scrambler
records yeah
leave a comment how do you like your
eggs morning my like this oh my goodness
oh I was so lucky wasn't mommy so nice
she liked daddy come and do the changing
this world oh let me give me a nappy
nappy see where pull-ups oh yeah all
right so over Christmas we have a
devilish plan around over Christmas
we're gonna do our dough when Christmas
time when we get finished school and
everything is over all my visits admire
humanizing so mental we are going to go
hardcore potty training I know you do
this is just a temporary situation
because mommy is a silly-billy we are
going to lend use it for every Christmas
now me
all right look at this we're just home
look at this
I haven't opened the gate yet oh oh it's
all kicking off they're looking up this
little universe they'd love to check I'm
probably making today control you hear
me talking we got a little I don't want
mister man and you pop no no no no no no
no no y-you might strip you got to be
careful right we were back from school
collecting Amelia we just watched the
videos of Amelia did you like it how did
you feel about being on stage a media
says when she's older she wants to be a
pop star don't you
so that was your first like stage
performance how did you feel about it
did you enjoy it
are you hooked what songs did you sing
cuz our friends weren't able to watch
the songs so can you tell me what songs
you sang no anyway I thought it was an
amazing experience but she did I'm
really happy I got the video the whole
thing and she got to watch it back there
and she was I think she's really choked
it herself because who knew all the
words to all the songs didn't mean could
you just stop fidgeting you want open
that back up put it back in open open
you put this back listen to me now
listen to me now
listen to me now you have to do songs
for daddy to sing me other songs I did
already heard did you see daddy and
mommy in the audience why are you really
happy we were there could you just
listen to me listen to me what it is
flames over warranty give me the
warranty give me the warranty now let's
check give me that
not no no all right let's go inside
because they mean
what are we filming maybe you what kind
of video you gonna make do you remember
promised immediate memory yesterday with
home I not Barbie video and everyone I
was day before and everyone was like oh
do you totally make that and then
everyone in the comment said yeah I
totally make that an enemy that really
wants to make it so Amelia
directed by written by produced by and
performed by Amelia Thomasina will be on
the friendliest friend channel today
your first your debut your debut
performance written and directed huh
this car stop tickling you stop tickling
stop tickling yourself come on where's
your hey what is your jacket in your
school bag and everything oh also we
were supposed to go to Devon today to
the green Christmas party which is three
hours away but last night we got home he
was very upset hey did you do you want
mommy and daddy to go away tonight to a
Christmas party without Amelia and
Eduardo do you want to break my car so
we decided this year we're not gonna go
to the green Christmas party it's just
so far away and they just - pregnant and
the kids will miss us too much and you
know activity west today and everything
I would actually leave now well actually
we'd have to have left a while ago
party so we have to give you know
skippity Scott this year but I will see
what happens next year at a time why but
we said we buy some Devon custard so
what okay why is there so much traffic
statement maybe cuz it's um
coming up to Christmas oh look the
lights are beginning to look a lot like
Christmas
oh god it's all let him focus focus on
that parking spot uh yeah those chicken
time down because I think that like yeah
yeah it's very filling and I'm bursting
into it you'd be you filmed it ice
crusher when I was going out of the
drive and you thought it was gonna catch
me out but I didn't know one move one
move yeah same as me reversing it at the
driveway that time but you just cut it
off because you didn't want people to
see how good I was
you're an amazing driver so chicken time
gee Dom narrow we have delivery why do
you even go date night anymore I thought
Christmas it is don't like but it did
Merry Christmas Germany not as a kid
your parents bring you out in evening
time so like walk up and down the Main
streets when it was like really like
Christmas lights and stuff right
lease it out like Dan said dan Grafton
Street parents to bring us into town
we'd like whoa ho man like wow our our
our high street is is quite tame well
actually never notice that shut the door
just moved know it anyway
let's go I think we're gonna go for
anywhere in Thai food today
oh hey what do you guys think in Thai
food tonight tonight we could been in
the giant Denver Devon but everyone else
partying like it's 1999 but you know
what a stir comes a point you know
what's really funny is that if you think
about everybody who's not going to the
party tonight
it's like everybody like Louise isn't
going because Darcy has a Christmas
nativity play
Ciccone Julie's aren't going because
Amelia has our nativity play this
morning and then pixie whoo
NIC and Sam they've got kids in school
probably named Joseph it's all the
people with kids don't go to Christian
parties anymore so they need to have
like a Christmas Day party for the
families sort sort adeptly and it's the
end of the video friends and listen to
me now right go check out Amelia's video
I'll stick a little ink or something it
down below and I'll put a thing here
Amelia really wanted to make her own
YouTube video and direct it and write it
and all that kind of stuff so we made a
little Barbie story just manage your
expectations it's a video made by a four
year olds but please check it out and
support it and immediate really wants
you guys to watch it and if you guys
really like it will actually make more
but oh my goodness doesn't gonna matter
anyway subscribe and like and do all
that kind of stuff school Jory's and
i'll see you guys tomorrow
bye friends
