thank you good morning friends
partl is asleep but we need to go
because we should get a parity today
unfortunately we might be able to leave
me another time we must wake Edwards and
Emily Edwards and Emily and ordinarily
boozy Robbie go to ban Robbie wouldn't
wake up oh no Rosie what are we going to
do
all right guys let's go and see what
helping the shelfs did I wonder what
mischief you got up to today Amelia well
it is not like you've interfered the
Christmas tree
never know what the Alpha Michelle is
gonna do these days hey pop see often -
after oh my goodness what what are they
on date night they're eating cookies I'm
drinking sir oh my this morning with the
tricky one because normally you can just
get the kids ready and then have our
breakfast and get ourselves ready later
on but because we're all going at the
same time we have to get the kids ready
and breakfast while we get ready and
breakfast just one for Amelia one for
Eduardo
today guys we're looking for the number
six
mmm I'll help Eduardo immediately look
if this is screwed oh we saw yesterday I
know right pick it for you okay
open number six what if you got wardo Oh
Christmas pudding whoo
daddy likes Christmas pudding and the
letter a a for Anna you got a pudding
all right kids rotten school and
everything we are gonna go into London
now and spend the entire day doing a
billion meetings I'm gonna tell all
about it next year anyway go and watch
these next clips this is something we
did a while ago and it was really
exciting and quite a crazy and you enjoy
it I'll see you guys later my breath
friends and welcome to you rewind so do
you guys remember what is it it's the
9th or so like two three months ago we
weren't off or whatever saying to you
like I'm filming something but I can't
show you guys what it is well I'm here
with Anna and we're at did you chew
rewind shoot you've probably already
seen it because it's Commander YouTube
what we wanted to talk about anything
until I actually came out so I thought
you know what let me block this now and
then I can share with you guys later on
when the video comes out we're just
waiting here to get our hair and makeup
and stuff done we're shooting over this
building over here this whole building
hopefully it doesn't fall down on us
because the team this year it's am
working from home so what do you know
working from I can get like building and
stuff with that I'll show you guys later
on what we're doing but it's exciting
isn't it there was them
was it in figure out the German iris in
German crater sitting over here
just a couple of millions of curbs but
I'm there doing the thing where Orbeez
are falling on their head so when you're
the Gerta German youtubers where the
Orbeez fell in their head they're just
in here a minute ago we were chatting
about it I was like that sounds like fun
Orbeez falling in your head as far as I
know we are eating rainbow bagels Anna
got a role in YouTube rewind and
involved eating they know you too well
it's like every take it's like is he
better what you seem into it yeah
waiting for Francesca learning it some
hair makeup
off the skewer but yeah the school bus
okay
Oh Carrie Kohaku to get to where Carrie
we're heading that side I've got my
bills my hat on ready to go to work and
is there it's gonna roll right just just
go roll in that let you do it we're
gonna go it's just over there somewhere
oh there's mud oh you mean water oh
let's cure yeah they're ready for them
okay oh my getting then the opposite of
getting cleaned teamwork
in the pickup
giant get in the
long
all right we just filmed an interview
thing and we're just getting the set
ready
well we've just had a roommate adjust
King over here you choose cake guys I've
never had a huge evening with you good
night
is it better than yeah yeah Amazon Prime
or Netflix
all right we are finished oh my goodness
and start raining it was so much fun
though isn't it all really nice they're
all so nice but I'm let's say any actors
out there ready to you French thank
thank flea there's no lyrics or lines oh
my anyway okay guys I hope you guys
enjoyed the YouTube rewind video
yeah house meetings all day long no
friend I'm like I'll see you guys when I
hope you enjoyed the ichi blue wine
video how exciting were on YouTube
rewind this year crazy said Amenia well
can you believe it doe of all the years
I've been on YouTube watching those
rewind videos every year cannot believe
when we got the call a couple of months
ago that we were going to be on YouTube
rewind this year I was like oh my
goodness one time my best friends I
can't tell my best friends and then I
had to film that whole vlog and I could
never tell anybody and then boom boom
shacka like a loom
there you go friends we are rewound
there was so much fun doing that I feel
so accomplished I gotta call my mom
thanks for watching video hope you guys
enjoyed it give us the old likes
comments and subscriptions and the
meetings that we did all there on guys
are probably one of the most exciting
things I've ever done in my life and I
can't tell you about it no mic go in
here it's a circle anyway I'll see you
guys tomorrow thanks for watching the
video hit the old likes and comments and
favorites and I'll see you guys tomorrow
again Jase isn't this great goodbye
