good morning friends and welcome back
and Molly's here hello Molly
say good morning Rio I said that if it's
Molly let us listen what I'm telling
yourself done here he said yes so he
know how much noise
fizzy tea I'll finish I made last night
this tea was just banging around banging
around the place last night
alright wardo he didn't move did you see
him in the kitchen last night remember
wasn't he moving so much but we didn't
see him moving he just appeared and
disappeared and appeared and disappeared
what you think II this what do you think
II dismiss what and Eduardo stayed in
his bed all night last night all night
last night that he's Florida gets a
sticker I mean I think or tell me he's a
coffin Jesus or Tommy what are you gonna
say you get a sticker if you watch the
Kony's all these videos leave comments
and subscribe don't pick your nose you
don't get a sticker for picking your
nose what you're going home you want to
go home - yeah
okay bye guys let me just check
guys watch watch there's two elves now
what Vivian fizzy another two girls no
nope your balloon Amelia
they didn't take your dinosaur balloon
wardo cuz they thought you might get
upset maybe you know kids like a little
bit of Beyonce in the morning before
school Beyonce for breakfast okay so we
have seen fizzy Lizzy we've had a
breakfast now what do we do what a
chocolate calendar whoa do you guys know
what day it is today
one two three four number five we're
looking for guys gotta find number five
gene help let's see number five
did you find fight by yourself
Wow I mean yeah there you go
open it up see what is it right oh oh is
it a shamrock oh here here hey it's a
shamrock I with an e on it oh and E
Emilia who have you gone there come on
let's go good girl today and I barely
fit into my coat I'm wearing a hoodie
under me isn't it cold
hey she's got gloves on she's lucky
lucky duck
hey I wish I had clubs mister man what
I'd into the cold we go bye everybody
all right we are off on swimming do you
want to go and take a bite to mommy come
here go ahead and say goodbye to mommy
she's in here ready go say goodbye to
mommy come on let's go mommy and eat
your dinner exercises we're gonna go
swimming mister
I do swimming with you yeah come on up
into your car because all your stuff and
daddy stuff is in here okay hop in hop
in you can sit in immediacy or your seat
whatever you want hey speedy other day I
was talking about 70 ters you know this
is new mercy days called GLS these type
2 GL to relight than a GLS looks really
like one of those American cars that I
was talking about it has like another
row behind here yeah cuz they didn't
want one of those foldy down ones I want
one that's like a proper seat anyway
come on we're gonna be late we're gonna
be late
hop in see you guys have a GLS are they
good what do you reckon anyone familiar
today's watching this want to send me a
GLS to review it I'll review it and see
if it's practical for a family with two
children six outs just saying just
saying say it don't spray it try before
you buy
I do well can you do what you love me
yeah oh thank you
oh that's very nice of you to say that
and well done for staying in your bed
last night like a big boy you got a
sticker give me your hands take a step
jump for it okay what did you fly like a
bird
alright we're laughing let's go we're
locked up you can't find your house yeah
give me a hand ease piece it's gone
oh no where's your house gone right Oh
elevator party did you oh no I know
never trouble
oh no right we're ahead of swimming and
Eduardo has gone mental
he obviously didn't a careful careful
careful that's dangerous okay you can
run along this way hop in the car young
crazy man watch oh we have to go get
Amelia come on I'm interesting please oh
I'd say to what seat you want to sit on
my sitting Amelia seat again oh it's
very nice of you
what come on kanga series we're gonna
connect Amelia from school and we carry
funny if we bring a dog they were all
for it they're all coming out but then
they all change your mind
Athena was following us and she's like a
doll look at this hat this is a cool
light right when you're hot I like it I
like it a lot anyway Anna's driving this
could be terrifying terrifying
experience I love it clean your car is
you never use it well yeah but like it
still feels like a new car it's so nice
hmm these evokes are so good oh yeah
cause a kid the family car huh hey I was
looking up the merci de is GLS it's a
new version of the GL I like it though
it's big 7 seater
- the biggest SUV and you know but it's
like we're not as big American ones you
know oh no your highness car now
let's watch so tomorrow we actually have
meetings in London like all day long
literally all day long from like 9:00 to
5:00 in London tomorrow we have so many
meetings with people because we're doing
a big project a big 2017 project lads
so I'll kick it off what that means
tomorrow I'm like you remember I did the
boring thing the other day it's gonna be
like that the do boring meetings and
boring means that the probable vlogging
even so but also
thank luckily enough a few months ago we
actually did a thing that I wasn't able
to talk to you but I think by the time
tomorrow's vlog goes out and we'll be
able to talking so I'm gonna probably be
able to upload a vlog that we filmed a
while ago and upload that tomorrow
instead of a vlog so hopefully
everything's okay I woke up this morning
and I talked to myself I feel like
putting an intro back in the vlogs let's
go
so I've been sitting here for a while
and I'm just rendering out five
different variations of the intro and I
don't know which one I'm gonna use yet
but I'm just rendering I made them in
Adobe After Effects using the calendar
pictures and then just a few little
script transitions and stuff like that
rendering a mat now and we'll go and see
which one we like and that's the one
we're gonna use then I'll put it in
today's video which i think is yeah it's
sitting over here ready to ready to
render I'm just waiting to pluck this
fell in here first so yeah did you like
him did you like the intro I don't know
I just felt like putting an intro
actually did
we've got intros and we've got end
slates we have come full circle friends
we are back here you know your child's
not feeling well when he comes to you
and tells you that he wants to go to bed
don't worry don't worry you'll never
watch the YouTube video
I know massive thumbnail of like me
holding up
an idiot now
anyway yeah so this little boy he's not
feeling very well
excu is very I guess a shot haha
I don't think it gave myself a beach
ball sounds like it every bottle in the
world should come with the thing on it
just in case
yeah and the way he's walking away as
well I mean yeah Thomasina
eduardo Ciccone jolie for you and me I'm
seeing a nice song you're running around
like a lunatic to say goodbye is a night
we're friends because I have to edit
this vlog tonight because I have to get
up super early tomorrow morning and go
to London town you want to do a story
with all your dollies do you want to
make a video on friendliest friend
channel okay you can make a video on the
friendliest friend channel where you
guys can make your own Barbie movie
okay but right now we have to say
goodbye to our friends so hit the like
button and leave comments if you'd like
to see the Barbie friendliest friend
movie Emilia's Dave you can't do it no
we gotta go to show me example give
people a teaser give people a teaser
okay you know he'll work right know how
it works what you gotta show them a
little princesses and guys that bad
things watch alula and snow white and
pink about an Tasman and Rapunzel and
Aurora
I'm Bobbie to Anna's sister and aunt
loader and Ariel and this is and this is
me - storyteller I'm gonna tell you all
about them one time without there's some
okay hold on you can't give them too
much so if you'd like to see the story
of the princesses go to Amelia's Channel
friendliest friends on YouTube subscribe
yeah I'm I'm the storyteller so next off
you see me doing it as well now because
this is my second video okay hi friends
do you guys tomorrow
we wish us according to Lee Christmas we
wish you the next year I promise I will
make seven hundred billion the advent
calendar so everybody can have one but I
hope you're enjoying playing along
because I do tweet the letter every
single day it's a fun thing see you guys
tomorrow don't forget to like the video
favorite the video and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
