good morning it's Saturday and Eduardo's
looking for the health hey guys don't go
in there yet yeah let's type a tree on
should we light the tree up that sounds
like we're gonna actually sit on fire
we're not okay right here it didn't go
very well what's wrong you want your
tractor I'm sure he was just borrowing
it
look what's he doing that naughty elf
should we tell him it's your tractor hmm
okay well don't touch the elf yet
because the media needs to see him all
right do you want to call a media
calling media and tell him tell her what
what he did what he's just borrowing it
he's gonna give it back okay
what's he done
what's he done don't touch him
what's he done what has he jumped all
the dogfooding
another day another advent calendar take
one pass it on oh wait we've named him
Amenia Eduardo do not knock your water
over all right meet ya wherever you got
day three gotta find it get up at 3:00
right here you did let me cook it for
you okay go whoa yeah
is that a letter or is that a dot just
got our entertainment for tonight sordid
bit of a laugh with Louise a bit of an
old makeup look with the pixies huh sure
we're gonna put it look at this look at
this everyone everyone's writing books
lies huh maybe I'll just put it over
here oh no more books
there's no room guy stop making things
let's go everybody
what so we are heading to a winter
market it's a market my friends you can
see what oh oh oh his head oh my goodnes
long as a star don't jump on homers head
I mean it be careful shadows have
feelings too you know guardo hey guys
Amelia let's see who can run faster than
their shadow Go Go whoa oh you're fine
Oh your shadow got a head you dare run
back this way see if you can pass it out
oh look you're in front of it you're
ahead of your shadow whoa
both of you are faster than your shadows
this way it's behind you are don't look
Wow
huh oh no it's ahead of you media Oh
your shadows winning
what are you catch up with your shadow
huh
that's it last I saw they need forget
the Playstations and the iPads and all
that stuff all you need is a good shadow
and a bit of sunshine and a pack so in
our town is this Christmas Fair and
we're too late we've missed it no we
have missed the fair but Santa Claus
arise on a helicopter because there's an
aerodrome and not far from here
and he actually flies in there but we
are too late these faxes you can't go go
faster the car faster the car more like
I like the sound effects Eduardo I like
the sound effects alright whoa ok ok all
aboard I see you over there little
monkey huh Winston where are you come on
ok Eduardo I'm just gonna go and beat
your sister
tell you this is where I feel like
shortly not even due to the new baby
coming
but shortly I feel like I'm gonna get a
seven-seater I feel like I want to trade
this in for a seven-seater where's the
guardo gun oh my goodness
well yeah life of you so much you learn
to us we always have the 72 cards life
is so much better yeah we're supposed to
sit in there or pregnant mommy
anyway need some comments of suggestions
of some 7-seater cards we should test
out guys but I think it's time to move
on we're gonna lake life so much easier
whoa yeah Eduardo's turn on the lights
sir can I see your license and
registration number please
so we're just back from the Christmas
Fair and we have come you to the airport
I remember oh yeah it must come here
next week yeah not now but next week but
she's gonna be she's gonna see your
ballet she's gonna be out watching me
okay
yeah and we have a dinosaur in a unicorn
in the yeah and in where does this meet
Lizzy yeah but we can wake them up yeah
the full baka see you can't get it with
a car media sorry it's so funny what
other dinosaurs in unit I know people
really like you say guys say goodbye to
Omar
it's
Oh
by only don't you think makes mother
coffee not thank all my coffee
give all my stuff
you'll see Omegan soon
don't get upset
hello-o there and welcome to Sunday guys
shall we go and see what the elf did he
was up to his mysterious self again as
usual no mommy and daddy are very tired
so let's be delicate which we delegate
to mommy and daddy today let's not stand
on the new PlayStation Pro No would you
not stand or not to find a heads all we
are that is not what we do that is not
no it is no I am pretty sure that's not
what a PlayStation was invented pretty
sure hundred percent sure get him out
get him get out okay wait here for mommy
wait here for mommy
you coming mommy what do you think it
would be naughty again don't you think
the elfin show I think we have a serious
problem when are helping the Shelf
either serious nor the elder what would
eat what's that a fizzy fizzy he wrote
his name aunty wrote hello on the mirror
oh my god I must have dripped down
though oh my goodness carefully me too I
don't mean no no no no clients go let's
go let's go Wow
so Eduardo s balloon he was playing with
her too much yesterday and he actually
burst though I don't he burst if I think
he he let it go up into one of the
lights and it like melted a hole and he
was so upset they were so happy so I've
done some surgery this morning to try
and fix it and I'm gonna bring this
thing and this is actually a helium
balloon thingy but I got for the gender
video which is having multiple
applications now I'm gonna see if I can
actually fix his balloon cuz he was so
upset when he came in this morning and
saw that it is lost I was Helio while I
was a big fan of balloons look at that
sunshine such an exemplary much all
right let's bring the boy in here we're
gonna try and fix it water's balloon
Amelia cinnamon rolls I don't know it
just I don't really like yeah whenever
we go in like a hotel or something you
always eat the pastry but I do not
blueberry muffin is the only pastry Olli
no way no way you are just so mean it's
not me and I didn't even make it I took
out of a packet so no it's nothing
personal
go back and review the footage of the
last six is gonna be not fun Bobby and I
said no I said I don't have one but I
don't want one why I'm willing to do it
for you I hate when you do that I might
want my voicing you do something like
know what I wouldn't I wouldn't buy them
away and choose it I don't when I think
around my wife fine beauty icing sugar
do the whole nine yards
but just remember that's the human
sacrifices I make you I'm sacrificing my
body for you
I'm doing by the way no you know just
drip it on do like a Danish how do you
drizzle it though mm-hmm exactly
well kiddoes Eduardo what are you guys
watching
was it a Christmas episode she tasted
the fruits right wider we're gonna try
and fix your balloon okay
Oh weirdo I gotta close it over I did it
though my knees got rid of eye surgery
here or here he got his look he got an
IV on his eye guys that's why he
deflated with that he fixed it this is
cool I'm really proud of myself
all right let me tie it up for you okay
you go sit down at breakfast you run
free with the pony now say thank you to
your sister because if it wasn't for
your new little sister daddy wouldn't
have the helium pump so you see your
little sisters helping you out already
oh look his little face oh my god that's
so cute
look you can make those bird feeders
zoom nibbling away look at those cheeks
he has it in his hand I'm like super
zoomed in it's so cute though how cute
is that they made them right there duck
number four on the plant all right pop
it all right take it open what'd you get
what'd you get what's in the door Oh
mommy a daddy wait is that the letter
or okay guys we're breaking news okay
deliver you are now in our town goodbye
Lucy or gently boobs
jingo jango boobs very exciting anyway
we are not here for that we are here for
it we're getting bills for lunch
delivered oh okay
let's hear them so there's another rich
girl going on here don't mind the
PlayStation VR light sticks
you need your microphone well done guys
so good do you want her to me
guys it's lunchtime and we're having
bills climb on board if you want to come
down if you don't come on board you
gotta use your legs so guys check this
out from the comfort of my own home
how amazing
oh that's it like that's it like never
again am i leaving this house why is it
would not get here I'll be or Edouard is
I said he left to dump in all right lads
let's go right we're gonna in here I'll
see you guys tomorrow my friends video
so what did you think of the new
introduction friends I felt it was time
to be a bit more mature as the kids have
grown up myself and on are quite
mature in our age now so we're in for
more mature simple seductive loosely why
wasn't seductive was it why you seduced
into watching the video Oh anyway hope
you enjoyed the video friends that was
our weekend I'll see you guys tomorrow
don't forget to the like button hit the
subscribe button and go watch the
friendliest friends and analyst videos
and buy calendars calendars are still
available sorry shop calm okay goodbye
