miele huh did you hear that noise last
night what do you think it was the air
friend√≠s out the Alvin the shelf is in
the house oh my goodness oh my goodness
- dinky downstairs I think in elf eyes
might have come into our house last
night
Henley he goes until Santa Clauses how
it happens Oh tell Ned tell the elf is
here I picked up in Eduardo Oh get ready
Oh Ruby apparently there might be in
health in her hands Eduardo come let's
go see Kaiser he could be in here to
look for him look free oh no what did
you do oh yeah what is that what he
wasn't in a more tree oh my goodness hey
I think we're near Paris and iguanas pun
the office put all of your knickers on
the tree who knows not how I was gonna
decorate the tree oh my goodness you
naughty little elf
look what he startled me Nia it put all
of your knickers on the tree oh my
goodness guys hey is he a naughty elf
Aurelia oh my goodness no you remember
we can't touch him yeah don't you
remember mrs. magic
hopefully this is nobody's not going to
be a naughty boy every day all right
guys you know what time it is
you have to find all these people Mumia
Eduardo number one is here over the
holly leaf okay open that one weirdo huh
you got a doggie bone hey Docky bone
chocolate and wait huh what does that do
you mean did you open your agent
calendar yeah did you get and the judge
is going to everyone got together and
we've got a lot to do every morning in
December
oh it's a busy month you take one bite
of chocolate followed by one bite of the
Apple set the plan no more no it's way
too tomorrow
did you see an elf this morning thanks
but nickers I'm the end because I'm a
tree
you put knickers on the Christmas tree
is he a naughty elf oh no my George with
George I know we're just back from the
open morning at kindergarten and it was
a success she was really excited that
OMA was there and home I was really sad
saying goodbye to she's like oh how did
you do that everyday like I don't know
we just get used to it
but she was fine like she she what kind
of wanted us to leave she was kind of
like alright come on um but yeah it was
really nice to have her show us around
her room and like what they do and we
got to see her book and everything and
see her all her friends and the teacher
is so nice yeah her teachers really
lovely except she wouldn't give her a
cuddle because we were there I think
because she is quite close to her
teacher but I think because OMA and like
her mom mommy were there I think she
just wouldn't do it but I think she was
actually going to go and do it yeah I
know like I think she felt bad
afterwards beignet and Elf on the Shelf
is coming to their school their
classroom after register so that will be
exciting and we kind of explained to her
there's two different elves obviously
fizzy is what we've named our elf and
then Elfie is their classroom elf and
I've explained to her they're actually
two different elves I always just
disappeared now he's obviously gone back
to Santa Claus to report back so yeah
now we act we have to go home have a
breakfast and then Edward was getting a
haircut cuz I organized for him to have
a haircut today just because I thought
it's been all about media it'll be nice
for almost come and do something special
with him yeah so we're gonna go and have
a breakfast own bloody freezing
you really like getting it done oh yeah
yeah let's start from there my husband's
not here so I don't know how to take as
much off my get lungs he likes it
shorter yeah he wants like he keeps
asking for like a buzz cut or like a
rate like a proper yeah and I can't do
that yet it's two and a half yeah yeah
it's still a baby
Wow
say cheese you'll be happy when you get
your biscuit oh no you look handsome oh
wow
what do you say
ah that's the ultimate prize we're back
from the hairdresser's Eduardo looks
very handsome he's looking at all the
poo right okay go on it's not in your
way or anything
thanks for pointing it out though you
wanna show your hair show me look at the
camera
whoa she can put gel in how cool is that
Oh doggies oh wow wardo Oh children it
big dick you gonna Chuck a biscuit yeah
Wow you look so cool you want to help me
here set this up this is the new
Playstation ooh
fitting enough are inside the
PlayStation
it's just cables and connections it's
literally been sitting in this box since
like release day I got it on release
there pre-ordered it and I've not used
it yet
can I keep using the old one wow that's
the current one and I was like oh I need
to set this thing up you get it copy it
click away what you don't have money
what I close my eyes oh yeah
hmm whoa for the bike but a bike but
it's so pretty Eduardo so pretty
wardo you look like a Melia there look
at you oh you look like a me now are you
Amelia or duardo I get confused now Oh
which one are you Hey you're sitting on
things
hmm yeah get your bum bum get your bum
bum off back all right give me a hand
setting this up also got a game look
tighter to touch on too tight on to know
do you know was that caused me all right
also I've used this thing like one time
another great thing I have no idea I
forgot I think I forgot I had children I
was like oh yeah man I get the viewer
thing I'll get the new PlayStation it'll
be great oh yeah I know time to play
with it that's the real reason you're
not bloggers do weekend parents so I can
play the PlayStation so I think
jumping all the games I've missed out on
what you see you what are you saying
what do you saying you tell me right now
right now you're not Britney Britney a
lon
hey yo we little women are we rep estaba
great right
right listen to me I'm Randolph it was
so rad or do we whippersnapper I see
when I went to decorated the tree nice I
take Eduardo are those old bad but I
guys this came a few days ago and I keep
forgetting about it but I am excited to
find out what it is what is this right
um
well all this kind of stuff came due
today this one here I really want to
know about occasions for all oh what's
this one any money
yeah wait I remember meeting her oh it's
cool what's this okay all right let's
not
no distractions hello mister it's okay
okay mister okay guardo there's a big
present oh my goodness look at this oh
my goodness look at that it's a jelly
tree okay hold on look at this why no
it's all change for that baby it's all
things for the baby oh my goodness it is
all thank you why this is amazing okay
hold on oh no need to be not upstairs
tamale if you have sense what if it is I
think you're in this picture um there
you are look why do you only a little
baby you know baby weirdos
okay-y now look look at this thing okay
Wow Oh Jonathan what is this word oh we
go check get them get that wrapper off
get that wrapper off okay all right flip
it over oh good man good man good man
yourself now is this fresh jelly
all right weirdo you ready for this new
winter wonderland
oh no he's a cracker brand new pecker
pull it pull it
no no no pull it put a hard two hands
put your two hands on it
pull as hard as you can drop him drop it
ready pull pull pull pull pull pull it
pull it
huh Hey ah the things I like though he's
our measuring tape
what is this winter wonderland how in a
rub a Harrods musical advent calendar
some preview winter wonderland
invitation wait am I too late for that
Thursday is having in November I may
have missed it
wait watch this part of our dough party
look at this ready Wow that a big
explosion
that's the cracker explosion welcome
down here then it helped me think we
were having too much fun and Amelia has
come down because we're having too much
fun wardo look at these Oh max they got
kids got looking at wardo and an
immediate one it's so cute what is this
one here ship for Oh fresh Ellie that's
it's fresh Ellie I am
okay guys look at this right yeah look
at all the stuff for the baby
is this for mommy's day yeah your sister
they look at meetings run open a present
take a pleasure in the box oh she's
going for that one she's gone for that
one I've grabbed it
Oh st. chocolate no no no keep opening
it keep opening it don't just stop and
eat the chocolate whoa I love kinda
thing but I candy cane and send
chocolates and a giant pint glass well
that's kind of cool what's inside oh
there's another one to open guys listen
up you can have one chocolate each but
do not tell anybody all right
no no no no no no one chocolate each is
all I'm offering okay but you don't
fight anymore and you be good boys and
girls and we don't tell anybody you guys
do there you are a queen all right this
one said please open on box on camera so
let's go for all right that is a queen
hat open it up Amelia open the box up
let's see what's inside of it I have no
idea what's in here guys Freddy what is
all this please open and read on camera
are you you started looking through this
bag it says my name is Elizabeth and I'm
from the capital of Scotland in
Edinburgh everything today to say that
the toys and books look familiar did
watered oh I'm the baby number three I
also wanted to say oh I bought you that
that actually went terribly wrong friend
well thank you so much oh my goodness
the dinosaur I think they're for duardo
look at this book shimmer and shine
chopped chocolate oh my goodness in
there look at what this bad flutes what
you can watch it and things liquors
spiders and all sorts of things
oh my we will open it can you say thank
you thank you
oh look at this one Amelia Yana look at
this efore Amelia born September 7 pence
tree that is so cool oh my goodness you
know it's in the other one and Eduardo
one oh but we need another one for your
sister
I wonder what letter her name begins
with do you know season funny okay let
me open this for you let me open this
fear for one month only lads just cause
it's Christmas Christmas we're gonna do
the end plates were gonna do the end
plates again for one month
Aaron delay and no I'm not telling you
to name the baby that was a real hint
that was like legit don't forget to like
the video leave comments and subscribe
don't forget to check out the friendlies
friend video live show possibly tomorrow
the next day either way I'll see you
guys back here on Monday have a good
weekend
Ciccone Jolie's out
