good morning hello there how's it going
today lads I am planning on filming a
kind of a prank video on friendliest
friends and I have no idea how this is
going to work out but I had this idea
randomly and I was like this could this
be a thing just work so if this works
it's gonna be hilarious
say hi Albie say hi Abby hey guys it's
more about to see what the kids do in
terms their reaction to the actual prank
thing and no idea what's gonna work or
not
it's gonna be such a fail well if it if
I pull this out I have a feeling this
could be like an epic hilarious video
you've narrowed I'll be you see Kelly
what do you think we want you to do it
before oh my god they're almost coming
here later on today so we need to get
all of it done which get all of it done
and Lucy's coming out a few minutes when
I'm still I'm still in pain from Monday
oh you don't need anything working I
agree I was a little tongue stick said
I'll be sure your tongue show yourself
I'll be I'll be show your tongue me
alone huh you doing a little talk no you
stick there hey is it you kitty
all right let's get up let's get going
we're ready you ready I'll be buddy up
there are no you plan your princesses
use this it's a doggy yeah
what's the doggies named hoppy Barbie's
doggy
Oh who's this okay who is it
it's Ariel who's that right I'll be came
upstairs to me oh that's when he came
yeah yeah and then implement our cat
outside
what yeah oh well how was the school
right Nick you're Bobby
yep that's a Barbie
hot dog her dog Barbies dog and this is
Elsa and Elsa's dress
which I can't seem to get on whoa that's
some pretty good jobs mister how high
can you jump whoa hmm hey you are a big
brother did you know that yeah propria
top oh that's probably something that's
not supposed to be in there isn't it the
first two boxes have been put in place
oh look at this item that's
crazy-looking
all right I'm gonna go collect Amelia
we're gonna do right this is my plan I'm
gonna play it cool
we're gonna just tell her that we're
building this cool egg thing can you
help me and then we'll all do it
together and help build it up and then
I'll leave the room there's no like
order video of this there's no video on
YouTube right now you can go and look it
up which is good because I wanted
something unique and original original
which is very hard to do these days and
somebody's fighting on having um Peter
max muffins actually did that video you
know you're copying Peter back Peter max
nothin's who do you think you are sorry
Peter
sorry Meg mr. mr. max muffins oh my
godness - free cuz this this so Amelia
has driven me home thank you for driving
me home Amelia Thomasina now Aurelia we
have a very very important task ahead of
us we are building an egg castle no egg
an egg castle but do not break any of
the eggs you have to be would you
promise to be really really careful why
McClendon
no do you promise to be really really
careful you're not gonna be really
careful I'm kidding you better not break
any of these eggs yeah okay let's go
inside and field all right castle
yeah all right break any of the eggs yes
you promise do not break any of the eggs
yes oh thank you yeah Oh what so this is
what Amelia doesn't she gets home there
the glows there's the pile hey guys this
is the making it's gone terribly wrong
we've already lost a couple of eggs and
even stopped filming yet but we're
getting somewhere I think I think I just
keep pushing my luck I think I need to
just leave it at what we got
otherwise you're gonna keep spilling
them
off to collect my mum so great I'm
always so great um yeah I'm connecting
my mom from the airport why is this hat
like it's annoying um about gray bag
gray jumper which is really oh not
oversized but like chunky um oh my god
gray jacket which doesn't fit does not
Maternity so it doesn't fit when I'm
wearing this jumper because it's just
too much padding and I'm scared like the
back is gonna split oh but I didn't want
to be bothered buying a maternity coat
like bitch if you guys could see like
the back where the seams are it's just
like oh I'm feel like a snowman anyway I
better go and pick her up now I'm so
excited
in fact maybe I should take off the
jacket when I'm driving that would be a
really good idea
I will freeze momentarily but in the
long run it'll be a good idea yes it
will
all right
I've just put the electric seat my
critiques I've just put the heated seats
on for both me and my mom you've arrived
now I have to remember we're apart row G
on the blue level for the blooper part I
think I usually Park in the red
they are so excited we got something for
the traffic so we were quite late but
hey excuse me you can show her later to
show me yeah it's not decorated but it
is up yeah
cuz it's the first tomorrow and guess
who's coming to your school tomorrow
media oh yeah
and guess who's coming to your hair cut
tomorrow Eduardo Wow had to do something
special for him okay friends okay
friends a little lot of boxes here and
there you can't really see minutes when
I get some lights on here who night can
you see all the boxes here oh my
goodness
oh we're gonna carry all these in
pickles oh no what exactly is going on
here and why is the tent knocked over
and why are you under the table can you
answer me all these things in that one
sentence without using any vowels can
you do or no oh my back huh Oh Eduardo
oh no Eduardo
why would you do that why would you do
that
that was so naughty wardo oh honey
goodness
so like Rose like you guys never
discipline your children just understand
guys our kids what else you say these
guys think they're well-behaved because
they are I think they're well-behaved
they're well-behaved because we have a
good balance of discipline and reward
guardo will be in huge trouble for doing
that I just will not be doing the huge
trouble part whilst on the cameras but
no a good balanced child
because there's a balance of meetings
and rewards oh my goodness and a lot of
times on the camera is why I am why I
allowed a mischief is because we're just
having a good time and no one's getting
hurt yeah but in a minute that's right
clean up the mess
Eduardo's gonna be a big old trouble now
right mister oh geez oh geez
did you enjoy making the egg video today
yeah yeah do you take your friends you
Jake your friend should go and watch it
should day oh this is a library now what
is it like why mmm weeds but yeah go
check out the egg video I imagine I will
upload it tomorrow and I imagine it's
already up by now before this I will
leave a link down below hope you guys
enjoy it it's a little bit it's
different we're friendly as friends it's
going to be a variety of different
content just it's all very friendly as
fun friend content huh go watch it
it's midgel and hilarious and fun and
things like that okay so it is the night
before the first of December so I'm
going to read out on the shelf book to
the kids and in preparation for what's
about to happen the rest of the month
because I think that's how it works
you're meant to like read them the book
on this night and then it kind of like
explains who he is and what it's all
about and that's kind of exciting so um
ed while I was just showing my mum his
big boy bed trying to tidy up cuz
let's go in the other in medias room and
we'll read a really special story okay
isn't it yeah okay guys ready we're
reading this I got money
look at this oh yeah do you know what
this is yeah I yeah guys look what we're
reading this is called elf on the shelf
and this is going to tell you the story
of the elf on the shelf okay yeah all my
can read it if you want to okay but can
you get into bed peace
oh cool I am mummy okay me neither
oh I don't know what happens in it okay
into bed guys under the covers please
I'll come up when the story's finished
okay okay we tell you all right anna has
decided and midnight tonight that she
wants to go yeah in terms of parenting
life ages midnight exactly because it's
midnight
so we're putting stay frosty q60 we're
putting on one set of lights okay CNA
you happen you just in your driveway no
you got the warm lights ah super oh hey
have you our heads
someone said you've you put em hairspray
on the tree it stops the painful father
also Elsa if you are you don't have a
water thing no I do I do but I put a
thing underneath it sugar in the water
yeah okay your flowers does that Red
Bull or anything with sugar red bull or
whatever San Pellegrino Orangina
okay well anyway let's get this one set
of lights can I just meet with you like
thank you
oh it's not convenient timing oh that's
handy ready very scared huh you ready as
soon as that offers ready folks
No here we go ah do you think it needs a
second set okay right oh I'm sorry
unfortunate you know when we're
decorating he's smart
what's good party we got a new con you
told me all about the Stars and how it
make
day
I'm so free
try to get chin we never really heard
anyway he told me about
