and today
good morning welcome to Saturday
saturday Saturday and we are heading we
so we were heading to the it's like a
garden center slash playground area and
it wasn't meant to rain until 1:00 which
would have been perfect it's only 11 20
which is fine but it started raining
like it's not heavy heavy rain or
anything but it's still like gonna wet
all the swings and the I don't know
we'll see they can still run around I
suppose it's just there's a sandpit
there and I thought that Alesi I would
really like the Sun pit because she's
just that age or like texture is really
exciting and fun and stuff so it's a
shame are you a butcher see it's not
like really heavier that
Wow yeah when I slow down it seems less
I didn't always able to get there
Jonathan's not happy well I don't
particularly like yeah he hates that he
hates going out for food no they go step
you do it's really weird it's your weird
person you hate going out for every clip
of me and you in the car and I just want
even me bullying yeah it is and expect
it until the end of this pregnancy
because you're annoying that's because
you're pregnant rude is four times okay
annoying know what I mean I know I know
when I get myself in you are an annoying
person okay and you don't like going out
for lunch like who doesn't like going
out for lunch
why not me clearly Eduardo get my bag
who likes going out for lunch in this
car
am I gonna get to the arable when we go
funny no we're not going to get a train
we're gonna get a taxi
guys guys who's more boring daddy or
mommy daddy did light him Eduardo music
yeah
Ron oh you got my back daddy what who
who's more fun guys than your mommy
mommy mommy the fun at daddy's there's
been the whole morning playing cat boy
with you okay you only talk if every
girl is a cupcake
everyone's mean the main point you could
get to share where's Bob I think I might
accident left and the other car when we
saw this we need to build a bookie as
well because I think we've got this like
travel bookie and it's only for like
city uppy babies which obviously Alessia
is down has been for a while the way you
said that like oh yeah I have a good
idea don't even know what to say anymore
what what did you just say right we are
at the garden center
it hasn't got the rain hasn't got any
heavier boy boy rain has a tiny heavier
this is not daddy plays the real play oh
wait guys guys guys guys guys guys guys
all right let's go follow mommy don't
take my cars you can actually see the
gold wheels
all right let's go Eduardo that scarf is
not being very effective
Oh
it's time to separate
that says scars get lost give me nothing
your wife is yeah yeah yeah yeah
they're so cute what oh yeah it's like
where the fairies come from look at all
the fairy stuff guys the fairy stone so
hey guys let's go it's like before it
starts raining properly come on
so you get a few minutes on the
playground Amenia and the guarda let's
go ahead side mommy's gonna wait here
with Alessia it's gonna get a table for
us
that's great site starts off scarf has
to go back on or we can't go alright
let's go
Oh Kerry
Oh Kerry Kerry
Carrie Carrie
Carrie
ready my new pop oh no you go no no
they're back now wasn't I supposed to
get someone's chocolate bar there's no
deal you made
oh well I just hold your coat is that
what I'm here for
nice yeah good it wider would you like
your sundae
I know know present the chocolates for
after okay but you can have the sandwich
and the Chris you got Chris I know
we're Alessia has to wait because she's
getting tomato soup I know I know but we
can't can't bring our highchair with us
can be less you look at the size of
these apples
yeah just for here Thanks oh my goodness
guys look I got a pie high-stake inhale
busy oh boy
Oh Eduardo is there's so many stickers
I've never had a stake in a place I'm
very excited yeah for a second you're
gonna answer me TV get some stickers
Amenia has just figured out how apple
juice is made show everyone at home you
know you got a bit an apple so you get
yourself a carton of apple juice and you
and you stick it into an actual Apple
and then you eat the apple with the
apple juice straw with the apple juice
you having a good time
you having a good time Alexa Alexa
Alessia please share it to my ex no no
no no no
there we go
there is okay guys so I'll see you guys
tomorrow okay have a good time night
finally some peace and quiet I forgot
about you unless you get down to the
basement just kidding you didn't even
care look at the two is are you opening
presents we're looking for a smile and
then we're looking for and alessia's new
stroller I believe this is doing here
right right is it Robbie rose oh wait
does she mean this stroller here okay
let us go upstairs guys we got what we
came here for let's go up up guys that's
Halloween time Halloween time come on
what are you taking
I don't know what it says - mummy happy
birthday alright unless yeah I have a
task for you if you can just build this
you can just feel that for me here you
go a little too or you all right get to
work
there's always something to build what
are you two doing that's a wheel it
can't be that complicated to build right
at least it all comes the moving part
are from these little rocks this thing
it's gonna be amazing so I have two
wheels but that's all I have it's just
two wheels all right it is built and
it's very pretty but the next part is
actually figuring out how you actually
make the thing sit down so you're not
standing there at the airport watching
on the guy in the video made it seem so
easy like how come from this fella is
he's like oh yeah yeah you just whip
that thing off there and you just like
oh yeah just press this here boom just
like that look how easy a guy made it
seem so easy he made it seem figured it
out look at that
whoo champions it's quite small isn't it
yeah he actually works a little tough
yeah we need to put her in anything
right oh yeah that's yeah we're gonna do
some testing right in you we know we
need we need a baby demo are you
available to be our little baby demo wow
look at you
your new stroller guys look at Alessia
why not putting the rain cover on we'll
probably need that though they'd be beep
by she's fast you can see
do you like it Alessia hmm it's so soft
it's really nice quality it's a silver
cross Ava looks so cute
you look so kind of wave it everybody hi
yeah maybe you look so cute
it's so big hmm like a big little girl
are we ready say we're ready
