hello there it's Monday morning Amelia
do you know what kind of Monday today is
this week is gonna be a good week this
week we're getting a Christmas tree this
week the Elf on the Shelf is coming this
week it becomes officially December huh
isn't that exciting
what is is your mom coming this week
yeah
this week Alma's coming oh my goodness
all right sorry today when I think is
yeah I drink what was coming today but
there's so many things happened this
week in two sleeves one too excited
you're like getting a Christmas tree
everybody loved your video by the way
give me your room for a video that you
made why don't know leave a comment if
you watched it I teams all your friends
watched it what's the voice he did it's
Monday morning at 7:00 a.m. and it's
getting ready we're gonna get dressed in
a minute for school school
we're not gonna be a fool you are gonna
be a fool you gonna be a fool in school
all right let's get ready to go come on
let's go mrs. uniform time
whoo new leggings
good morning Eduardo morning Eduardo
hey you know what a meeting goes to
school today
do you want to get a Christmas tree
where daddy yeah you can come with me
and help me pick it house yeah come on
let's get in enough some breakfast can
we carry you this is me son don't give
up hmm found him wandering the streets
good my name is school run time to
school look at our shadows on the ground
and Amelia left her hat and scarf at
school all weekend for the millionth
time this happens every single time I
feel like I used to do it as well when I
was a kid but yeah annoying go on yo
just arrived it's lots of possible tutus
I think it's tutus I mean there's gonna
be happy when she gets home from school
ooh discount codes yo get your discounts
and your coats ah look for a media's
sister no Anna media's dull this is like
a little baby one immediate they could
be matching Amelia and Jonathan I can
dress up together baby
like literally baby ballet okay I think
this is definitely these are the dollars
yeah I don't think that's the hearings
that human is not gonna be that small so
cute oh oh oh that's a excited sugar and
spice and all things nice that's what
little girls are made of is that like a
chest like your first two - thanks Bella
all right Melia is home from school and
she wanted to see all the new stuff this
one here me it this one here look look
look look look
this one's for your dolly
look at it Wow that's for a baby dolly
guys isn't that cool
this is a new special one for Amelia
yeah
why oh no way I think that's for your
sister yeah no wait that's for your
sister
excuse me your one is this one nope
that's for your sister your one nope
that's for the dolly your one is this
one wow you're one Eduardo is this one
huh my two little ballerinas no oh
you're a fairy ballerina Oh what are you
Oh does this does the fairy do ballet
sometimes yeah yeah so is it like
sometimes you're a fairy ballerina well
here you go
and when you want to be afraid ballerina
you can wear this one what do you think
is that the plan yeah yeah so cute
that's the dolly one yes I think that's
for your sister your little sister your
new sister no this is the dolly one
silly
baby this one this one is for Eduardo no
no let him have it there you go
he can be a ballerina if he wants to be
a ballerina run run run run
did you put it on her oh it's so pretty
Amelia she asleep you know can she do
her ballet no she's just learning she's
in baby ballet is that good hello hello
do dance do dance they dance bigger
dance all right we're gonna have to get
the Christmas tree I know I said I was
gonna bring the kiddos but then I
realized that never brought the kiddos I
wouldn't actually be able to fit the
Christmas tree in the car that happened
last year I brought everybody along and
then I had to drop everyone home and
come back and alone as a lonely Tom so
this time don't like it I gotta take
over near the car this time I gotta take
all the seats out seats everything else
Anna thanks dad you got a Christian
speedo
all right Jeep mode has been activated I
got there oh love is so much funner than
last night yeah I know we're trying to
fit it all in on end reporter I think I
put it on the roof
- this place is quality Christmas trees
for sale that's exactly what I'm looking
for
let me just get back oh okay then they
smell good
hi I'm here for a Christmas tree we are
in the cave of lights guys here's the
question right for Christmas do you want
one light or bright lights there's two
different types of lights you can get
you get like the warm lights or you can
get like kind of a few kind of like well
I know once the one lights and every
year I misunderstand it was it yeah feel
like I get in trouble every year that's
like white like white it's yellow are we
thinking look oh my lights well get a
second M welcome to Christmas tree where
else that one like sheep that's pretty
good what's the first one you step over
hey let's go see if they have the
reindeers last year they had reindeers
here yeah I always want a large one
large and in charge a full-bodied like a
nice good white wine
full body oh that is pretty epic let's
go see the reindeer first day oh yeah oh
wow that one's really big that was huge
oh I like that one okay wait some tree
yeah what devil our ceilings are quite
high
look at the body on this thing like it
was like the perfect but great thing is
look it's got quite a few falling off
already
do you see what I mean whereas that one
doesn't know right there I know that's a
again look see maybe it's a type of that
I don't know let's go find someone I all
right awesome there's a tree in between
us Jonathan something's coming between
us I can't like we can't see anything
I'm just like squished in them in the
corner with by this tree all right
Jonathan's over there so yeah smells
that made well I wanted to get one of
those you know those pine cones smelling
things in the car oh you didn't have any
so I bought a tree oh this is my air
freshener oh yeah that's it yeah I went
to pine cone it's not pine cone it's
pine or pine cone there were no ice
cones on it at some point right there's
no I don't know I actually don't know
jammy don't look it just fits like it's
it's 29 windscreen and it's touching the
back door yeah like barely bit guys
there's something outside the front door
do you want to see what it is yeah yeah
okay come on let's go see what it is
guys
you had your pudding did you all right
are you ready what's that here guys what
what is that a Christmas tree
okay everyone inside inside this light
back up go sit on the step in wardo you
get a stand
all right let me I'm gonna have to oh
it's a small little fella what what
it's big and wet well better not be wet
you guys ready for Christmas this is a
car what you gonna be the driver
all right kids are in bed myself me best
year over here
that's what Oh baby and his having some
honey and toast yeah ba ba ba ba ba they
should say butter avoid the water ball
boys boy there's new a Christmas tree I
think this is how it's gonna sit for
Christmas are you ready for this one mr.
Dodge
it took me a while I decided to share to
be a little bit minimal
under lighting and like the decorations
and stuff I think it's unique I think
this might be this might catch on you
ready
nice see it's nice and minimal didn't
know fourth call it's called a no-fuss
tree i also chocolate a little bit
offered but am I'm gonna wait tomorrow
till the kids come or actually we're
gonna be in London all of 8:00 tomorrow
so possibly Wednesday and then I'll do
the scissors clubbing but the gays are
maybe tomorrow evening maybe tomorrow
when we get home yeah crazy busy day all
day London tomorrow so that's gonna be
fine that's I think you just smell a
stain mmm it smells so good
she likes the smell leave comments if
you have your Christmas tree up my
brother tends to put his Christmassy up
on the 23rd and takes it down on 27th
he's a little bit empty Christmas trees
hey I'm all for Christmas trees what
about you
well obviously we have our Christmas
tree oh right say goodnight to our
friends
