boring friends we are in town to see the
baby again
we took our moped in today but I think
you actually do here early today
it is 511 Wow what time is it for me for
Wow
oh my goodness it's the air nice you
ever been we saw the baby things go my
babies happy but we were heading off to
another meeting we do it you got to
forget this problem literally this
should make wireless headphones I got
Christmas in London next today ah but
wounded guys we are going to do probably
one of the most important
if not being most important not affect
children line out I think having kids
and getting right in all that stuff but
another it is another big one it's
another big one in there we're gonna go
do it now so what do boys but first
let's go to practice
I've got my Swedish meatballs can't go
wrong with Swedish meatballs yeah I know
I thought it just I thought it was just
an IKEA thing tuna Mayo
hello mister hello Amelia Amelia you're
not gonna come and give me a kissy hmm
did you miss Danny today yeah you guys
glad he's home Amelia you come here and
give me a card over Joe you come here
give me a cuddle right now right that
fish that's it
where are you where are you where are
you come and give me a cuddle you come
on give me a cuddle right to think since
you're coming to give me a color right
this instant
huh did you miss me hmm did the balloon
do a good job looking after you
appreciate your appreciate your hard
work cannot find the kids anywhere
Wow
a new dress is mommy oh I like all your
stuff that's so nice okay
Oh babysitting your babies that's a
tough job
exactly
it's called mothering no one down here
one up here we're on our way to my stand
up to cancer steel nest afternoon tea
and we are at the how do you say that
Jonathan okay oh the runny mummy is it
mad
Runnymede running me do you want the
contract I did actually think this was
in central London but turns out it's not
and that the thames is much bigger and
much longer then I realized because I
thought it was just London but obviously
not constante 'then reminded me that a
river starts in the sea or like a
secrecy which I actually don't think I
knew there's ten winners of this
competition I know two of them are
international and steel nest has flown
them over so that's like I'm so really
excited to me I mean I accept excited to
meet everybody but then in particular
cuz it's so cool I know ones from
Beijing New York I think they might now
you know I mean do you get to be a
hangout where doesn't have afternoon tea
you get a free trip to London yeah
that's the best bit yeah cool I've never
this is such an intimate meetup like ten
people here like be nice to be nice
afternoon tea no dude off the street
involves always always a plus
oh my goodness look at this all the
little duckies that's so cool I had to
see it okay so actually guys today we're
renewing our wedding day he's writing
for our wedding it is that you've
answered in our wedding and there's more
people here than our wedding we have a
major problem here there's a major
problem news Jonathan ciccone
had put a jump with the jolie at the end
where's his make
hello so we just found out that we
actually raised twelve thousand pounds
for standard counter that's so cool
thanks everybody these are all the
winners Kate sighs OH
all of these cakes are for me and I'm
why I know whatever else is here they're
all for me we aren't the two patties
that got our own weight I'm just gonna
take this to the bathroom back in a
minute
have you guys ever had what's that thing
you called butter Brandi Brandi Brandi
butter
you need to make so we'll get on it to
make some for Christmas do not send
anything appeal box because I'm not
gonna try it if you're pregnant or not
today are you guys we just finished a
live stream guys I'm not gonna explain
the whole thing again yeah
all right kids on bed we ordered some
sneaky pizzas and beers they didn't come
together
yum yum actually when I got a pizza ba I
didn't really eat much today at the
afternoon tea so I also got some chicken
beanies as well a little chicken
collection like a pizza anyway we're
gonna watch this movie no idea what it
is just clicked around Netflix because I
just want to eat something and watch
something so this is our Saturday night
friends good morning it's Sunday morning
no anymore but it still looks pretty do
you know what not anymore but you know
what I like your face is the way they
are I think they're even more beautiful
the way they are like this because I
helped make them yeah daddy and I helped
make those faces so I wouldn't change
them so we are having pancakes this
morning chocolate pancakes who's excited
who's excited
is Amelia excited I'm gonna pinch your
bum making children well you don't look
very excited you look like you just saw
King on the floor like little 16 hello
silk steam really cool
oh thanks say thank you right can you
say thank you Eduardo I know you want to
go up there and play yeah don't eat that
here we go morning fights right so I'm
gonna try and do kids have decided they
don't like blue grease in that pancake
so I'm kind of trying to do like a
chocolate one for them cos it's the
weekend see so many leftovers in here oh
my god no okay okay okay okay
Eduardo no no look I'm gonna give you
something really cool to play with okay
jelly feel it it's squidgy now you've
got one each try to put the dog in here
got one each go play go play with these
okay all right no you don't eat them
they're raw they're yucky but you can
squish them you can put them in the
doggies mouth see can solve all those
problems even whoo
first one was success I almost just
broke it when I flipped it because I
can't connect a little bit but it looks
good and the first two I don't know if I
mentioned I'm gonna do without great
actually just checked and we don't have
as many people here as I thought it's
like this mini key and add some
raspberries as well okay Amelia has a
great idea what's your idea
i watch some more wicked out of cookie
dough on that other time that's right so
do you want to do half and half excuse
me
she's just did about the taste I just
gave you a chair for the first time you
like it well you know what let's wait
until we have it on the pancakes okay
I'm gonna keep it closed for now because
otherwise I have an idea of what's gonna
happen it's the same thing that happens
when I get into it here's the last
pancake
I made them really big by the way and
the reason why I do that is because we
have one each then but you can make them
smaller and do little stack so I think
they're meant to serve like eight that's
enough now okay no no no that's not
happening right now this was a mistake
okay otherwise you're gonna get full up
before you even get your pancakes I've
never it's never as quiet as they are at
this time on a Sunday we should be done
pancakes all the time I think it's more
than that Ella I give you enough enough
yeah she was creative is to eat my view
every week I think you might be when Ana
doesn't zero then I go well it's Nutella
guys rid of the moldy pumpkins with the
rake still have a tag on it
oh my god what do you think guys I'm
purposefully not letting the dogs out
because I just put right outside for the
birds but they were just gonna go ahead
so I don't need it
here comes farmer Jim the life of a
retired daily vlogger
get you like actually falling apart
yeah Jonathan if this broken here I
don't know if you guys have seen this
yet what do I know yesterday but I'm
just putting the final touches on Amelia
and Eduardo this room tour but it is so
funny I have no idea where just came
from her like did you see her later
lately I have no idea where that voice
came from why why show me you didn't big
jump
no yeah we just started like you want to
do a room tour she's like yeah let me do
it daddy
she she did heroin and white out him he
did he did it his way when he did it
more like as Eduardo which is so point
away she makes it be villain characters
it just sort of runs away hurts to help
with these ideas please check it out
it's rather funny link is down below if
it does really well people really like
it I think what I might do is I might do
like try and get them to do an actual
house tour I don't know if she'll do it
that's 20 ways well I think you'll be
hilarious to watch two of them's point
of view of a house or hilarious lovely
anyway go hit up the video hit the like
button leave comments say you loved it
say you want the heads toward thing and
I'm what make things happen
make things happen what are you doing
over here mister mmm-hmm your chin Peppa
licious pig peppa licious pig delicious
and as I think I might be asleep but
Amelia
well it really immediate is definitely
not asleep yeah you're not gonna do a
job weirdo you can't you can't possibly
do a jump no way can you do a jump good
biggest job ever
eduarda Ciccone Jolie boom
oh did you guys see on the livestream
the other day we actually rubbed out and
II what yeah so yeah biggest biggest
spoiler alert ever with the name game we
actually worked out and II oh my
goodness we rub that and easy friends
the baby's name Eduardo the baby's name
does not begin with E it begins with J
and then Eterna are you a jumper yeah oh
that's the videos rendered but yeah the
baby's name is off to give money and the
venire our friends end of another era
with yeah I don't know if you saw the
livestream about the fact that we're not
we might like there's a lot of confusion
about disappointing ICP book okay but
don't don't close the curtains we are so
we're just going to be uploading videos
boom we are gonna keep uploading video
are we're gonna keep vlogging the
weekends and stuff like that you know
what I'll get you water now okay climb
aboard we'll get some water but we're
only gonna be uploading videos on the
StuCo nicho news channel monday to
friday at 6 p.m. but that's is so we can
keep this up for the next few years you
know I really want to hit the time you
stay quiet for one second to allow me to
talk to my friends it's not happening
go check the livestream for more
information one thing I need to go and
give this man some water I hope you've
enjoyed this video this sprawl a big
thanks for watching see you guys
tomorrow
you
