and the dot chat hello
delighting what you know pretty whatever
Eggman over alright it's good
oh oh it's get done it's happenin hold
on a second hold on a second yeah and if
you look at it over here no no it's my
water actually - I said the sheriff's
move the thing back
so Wow that's the way that everyone gets
here some people replace that in traffic
wait people would have exactly the same
amount of water in the reservoir really
just can't say that's mine because I was
like yeah how exciting is this live
stream so far guys you should I mean
like all right so we're gonna be nice
here
is that lovely now ah sure that's lovely
lads and lassies so um what do you like
hi hi first thing we will be doing on
this live stream as always
no this way I'll push you in oh my
goodness would you eat a baby first
thing we will be doing is removing a
letter from the board you should sit me
said I was like oh maybe I ordered one
where did you get this from Jonathan
listen I don't know so quickly on
Twitter everybody quickly on Twitter and
in a stream thing throw me a letter give
me a minute
let's get me a letter we'll get this add
it away first of all friends and then we
will talk about the reason why there's a
live stream tonight and the video is
called end of an era so hold on a second
that's quickly real bad a letter my
assistant oh okay you were being an e or
the controversy the controversy okay
well I will come back to it in
but you see you know anna has rubbed an
e off the book and he has be brought
about the border when we tell them a big
be a big spoiler becky's yeah oh we've
done that blow minds
yes all right guys we're gonna blow your
mind afternoon tea yeah
we just back to an afternoon tea with 10
viewers so the baby's name does not
begin with E what what are they doing
what are those people doing somebody
gets to @vm at the afternoon tea and I
was like I know but yeah the baby's name
does not begin with E Amelia and Eduardo
get me just one sec one sec that is the
end of an era because we're no longer
calling our kids with Yves names that is
not the reason why this video is called
end of an era but anyway if you had been
a true viewer no no because I think is
about in a Q&A yeah a while back a more
immediate wireless flute Eduardo was
always gonna be called Eduardo yeah and
Jonna Tana begins with Jade
that's my glasses okay on to the topic
at hand how long does all right I want
this video this livestream not to be
crazy long this can anyone keep an eye
on the time I don't even know what oh
it's on five minutes okay here we go
friends here we go
so in 2009 from June 15 I said that I
always
to make a daily vlog every day for seven
days and we did that and then after that
I said I'm gonna do it every day for a
month and then we did that and now six
and a half years later seventy seven
months I have consistently uploaded a
video to YouTube every single day for 77
months I have not had a day off I hope I
have and no matter where we've traveled
in the world no matter what happened I
always found a way to get my youtube
videos up for you if there was nothing
going on I made something going on I
just I always wanted to get my videos up
to be the guy that you could depend on
and I feel that like the one thing that
I always prefaced in my videos was to
make sure that I was doing my videos in
a way that I could sustainably do my
videos in a way that you can reach where
I wanted to do my videos in a way that I
can do my videos and not affect my life
myself an honest relationship has never
been affected by us doing YouTube
together the kids have never been
affected by us doing YouTube together
the dogs became superstars yank I've got
a big head so I feel now next year I
have a lot of plans there's a lot of
things I want to do next year there's a
lot of things I want to do next year a
lot of stuff I can't share with you guys
about what it is but in order to make
those things a reality I need more time
to make those things a reality and that
came to us to the decision that no we're
not going to stop vlogging if I see that
- everyone say they're okay we're not
gonna stop vlogging but what I'm gonna
do is I'm going to upload the vlog only
five days a week so Monday to Friday
you'll get a saucony Jory's on Monday at
6:00 choosing six Wednesday 6:36 and
Friday at six
in the meantime we are going to be doing
this live stream I say Saturday's but
sometimes it's been a Sundays yeah but
the Monday vlog that you guys will get
at 6 o'clock on Monday will literally
get six logs yeah but also hold on
there's more is more of a commitment we
are committing them to doing the extra
time that I have now off I can put into
building friendlies friends I really
really want to build that channel I I
never realized that I liked children as
much as I did yeah when I started I know
and then having kids I really enjoy
entertaining them and I really don't
want I really want to make create a
channel that's all about like fun things
for kids to do and you don't I mean and
I want to give it a good go and I feel
the only way to do that is not to quit
doing the blogs we just have a little
bit more time for me to actually do them
so you're going to get to friendliest
Friends videos every week you're gonna
get two and a Saucony video three just
just like that you just got it three
Anna Saucony video Japanese parts from
December and five skin up to ten videos
a week we will still deliver you ten
videos a week so you're still getting
loads or was just that the vlogs won't
be we basically just want our weekend
yeah like today because I didn't vlog
today I've logged a small bit of today
and yesterday we spent yesterday we had
probably the most important meeting of
our lives was yesterday and in doing
that I only managed to film five minutes
of footage yesterday because I spent
most of it in a car in meetings in fact
in a car in traffic and then I was just
like I had planned on doing this
starting this on the 1st of January and
to like continuous normal to December
and then with friendliest friends I'm
gonna do this special 12 days of
Christmas so there's going to be a
special friendliest friend video
uploaded every single day for the 12
days of Christmas it's gonna be epic and
Anna's gonna do some videos with
Christmas and it's just like this is the
right time to do it you know I'm sure
you guys understand I bet Monday's vlogs
are gonna be epic
there's Monday's vlogs are gonna be
fried
Saturday and Sunday a mixture of all of
those like the vlog was going to go up
on Monday it's gonna be a mixture of all
these everything we did this weekend you
know yeah like it basically doesn't
change anything it's not a big deal
no it just means that Jonathan and I
don't have to edit or do any like
work-related stuff yeah weekends yeah
pretty much like you know so we can we
can we can go on making more babies
right because that's what you want
either the baby Roberts not Roberts
baby watchers no you are yeah I think it
I think this is a really good thing I
think I'll have I think from vlogging
I'll feel like I want to vlog more you
know because then have a bit more time
off you don't I'll get to spend more
time with the family the kids will
probably enjoy the fact that I woke up
this morning I came down to have my
breakfast and I decided I made my
breakfast and I just and I finished
making I turned to and I was like what
do people do it's been six and a half
years I have been getting up having my
breakfast and editing blogs for the last
six and a half years
every single day and I was just like I
don't even know what to do and I was
like sometimes I just want to sit in my
underwear and watch the Discovery
Channel oh no no no kids are crying I
mean yeah come here and the kids rather
Christmas Fair today and they got their
faces painted and you look really cute I
hope you guys understand I'm pretty sure
like we met to ten people today and he
said everyone was like yeah it's cool
it's cool I just means like
I also don't know what it's gonna be
like to have three children so that's
gonna be crazy
piano dad would treat you let's go me
mad so pretty gonna need more time but
I'm really hope Lee's like guys go over
to friend his friend Channel it's
youtube.com 4-stroke friendliest friends
if you go into the channel page there's
actually a link for it please go and
subscribe I really hope that I'm able to
bring you guys some super awesome
content next year we've got some really
exciting stuff well we've kind of held
off from doing sort of off platform
away from YouTube stuff for a long time
and then next year's the year when we're
gonna do a lot more exciting things but
it's just we need more we need more time
also it weren't about me a chocolate egg
today Yolo Yolo done solo you know I had
ones here everyone's here everyone's
here
okay let me just jump over to Twitter
let me just open the line for your
questions beans do whatever you guys
need you deliver yet we'll always
support you I think it's a good idea
I'm Jonathan it comes love it and he's
scared I'm so glad you decide to do this
live stream vlogs at Freddy's Frank
videos now watch genuinely no idea what
babies honey Tony's name is why no what
happened in this like what happened in
this livestream you realize that the
baby's going Jolie is not going to have
a name beginning with E and score joins
no longer weekends now I let people know
that's a light come here to me so I've
won your face yeah he's like he's trying
to look how cute he thought Jonathan a
present you got me a present you get
that chocolate for Donathan today or for
daddy
oh look Amelia made this and she was
there as well yeah okay Daniel what
you want to see your face there you go
there you go mister huh get by no man
bring that into media and show media all
right one last time last time
Amelia get up here I mean it gonna
picture your face give me Amelia come on
Cho Cho Cho everyone your face smile on
your face
the butterfly princess all right here's
the media you look so pretty
that's a tie I mean there where did this
come from
did you make that
you've just lost the dog oh my god the
child all right let's get out of here
all right thanks for watching the
livestream friends thank you for being
under spat on they're supportive and so
why not it's not it's not a big deal
it's not the editor vlog this just means
that by making this small uploading
adjustment we should be able to do the
vlog for a lot longer okay you better go
hey it's an antique off here thanks for
watching guys I'll see you guys tomorrow
no and good bye my name
