don't go
so I mean Donna's salad with hahaha look
at her okay Sookie you need to move away
from my fix I can't show people my ugly
feet right now I need to show them when
they're all pretty look how cute she is
and she's getting a baby sister aren't
you giving your baby sister but you
don't know if anybody loves sausage dogs
and probably in heaven right now mommy
Oh oh my baby
Oh little baby
alright we're home and Anna doesn't know
where this is hard-boiled or not is it I
tell everybody I have an egg explosion
that would be cool I thought it was
though cuz it was just lying there what
all the fridges are lying there all the
eggs are language oh so many fridges is
lying about they're all lying there we
are doing a car with petrol today ruling
fifth time the fifth time that's good
you have the car over a year and you
throw them a 500 light now just for the
record you did put diesel in it right
not actual Petra what the Christmas tree
again no hold on we need to find Eduardo
is banana water what you burn on the go
it's not Encinas Tommy scene is having a
problem here the banana Rama made an
escape oh man I see nice huh it's in
there here Cena's got it I know
oh it's okay you're getting an egg
you're getting an egg though you don't
want an egg no no oh it is like a banana
a banana egg it's really nice try ot try
before you buy
okay you try it you can try it immediate
or I don't hate to eat egg yeah you want
me to cut it up for you
deal I only put up for you oh who put
the candle in the middle of a table I
was at the broken one did you like the
egg I don't hold Mommy's cut it you're
going to take lightly you don't want to
comment if you'd like an egg we have one
egg for sale one owner only bitten once
what are you doing snorting on my head
this mortar I'm only taking care of the
a potato me my nuts guys
mhm
now it looks good huh try it okay cuz
it actually is really no space is a
medium you try some joy to our dpi but
go do it don't do it while on top of me
alright we're back in a way white oh
okay so we have come into town because
we are getting Amelia her new ballet
stuff is now right yeah so what do I
have to get again a new ballet jumper
her jacket or something I'm gonna pick
lip color what Oh which color do you
want I'm gonna let me get inside
oh I'm thinking green and blue I'm not
telling you I'm joking I you have to
guess what color do you guess it's going
to be just go in okay you are a
hilarious hold on all right look look
what you've done - look at this
you're a monkey why do you have
sunglasses all right be careful anime
wrote here set there okay all right look
at this
son son Beamer huh you're not a son
Beamer okay this is where we're going
let's go okay
Oh which one you want to go in all right
this one we're trying to go do a little
steal all right we're gonna try
somebody's on okay a lot of trust
there's a lot of trust her with dad see
if you get this right you think daddy's
gonna get it right yeah mommy just has
this unchanged it is to address Amelia
do you love it do you do a little twirl
how's it feel yeah does it feel like
it's the one I like yeah yeah okay the
one that's for your clothes like on it
hopefully I've done this right okay we
got everything we needed and now it is
like freezing cold did you get your new
ballet uniform yeah I excited we're home
I'm identified sorry Baltic Baltic
Baltic Arctic what Baltic Sea Bartok oh
I'm so happy I bought this coat I bought
this coat because I knew we're going to
Lapland here today and I was like oh my
goodness it's gonna be freezing I don't
have one of these you know you have a
winter coat like the blue one the
windbreaker one that's cool for you
sometimes you just need a big old big
old squishy push that's what this guy is
anyway let's get out of here
let's go home and showing her and show
mommy and see your daddy get it all
wrong honey
I probably bought two from the wrong
ballet school knowing me okay first off
guys I don't want anyone to be sad all
right don't be sad let's make a deal not
to be sad we're making a deal yes yes
okay so you guys know this year we lost
a little baby
um I think was within nine weeks or ten
weeks or eleven weeks I'm not really
sure but this school a little squid is
what we call her him
I don't know I'm saying her because
we're currently pregnant with a baby now
so though we did
never found a gender but this is the
little tattoo that I got done so I used
to call it squid I am and I always knew
that this day was going to come around
today the 24th of November was actually
going to be that baby's due date so
after we found out that we lost the baby
and I got to tattoo I figured we I went
and I ordered these wishing lights and
we let a few of them off and it was
really really emotional is really sad
and I had a few left and I kind of
taught that you know what maybe I'm the
Jew date I will let another one go just
to kind of symbolize the fact that this
today we could have been welcoming a
little baby but don't be sad I don't
want to don't be this is not this is not
a sad this is not a sad time it's kind
of sad but I got to still baby girl I
got this little baby boy I got a new
baby Johnny Tana on the way I'm so happy
um if squid squid was here Jonna Tanner
would meet its kind I don't know I don't
know it's a tricky one but anyway we're
we are going to light it gets very
excited so we're gonna go and light one
of these wishing lights um do you guys
do you guys remember when it at these
these are really tricky they kind of set
on fire so hopefully this works out well
and it doesn't end up setting on fire
but just hard let's go do that okay we
go to do that guys still tight okay
first let's um let's open one up here
and let's get it ready to go before we
go outside immediate like the wait first
please go over here to the table medias
like no way for us all you know that
depends last time I did this though
doing terribly wrong
we should be loved okay so Carolyn oh
yeah careful though media okay oh please
careful okay you ready watching in a
blood game yeah what have you done this
is an important moment hey come over
here watch okay so what we gotta do
gotta like this Oh like this
very carefully oh crap when - okay
oh no we're not yeah yeah yeah okay okay
let's try again oh it keeps blowing out
crap okay hold on we're gonna get this
guy's okay no we're gonna come in here
we're gonna light it in here we're gonna
bring it outside is this just to keep
the wind keeps blowing it out all right
we're gonna light it here where there's
no wind and then we're gonna bring it
outside and hopefully this works now
okay wish daddy luck it's lighting guys
now we just let it fill up with hot air
hmm why do that why big so it's gonna
flow so it's going to fly in the sky and
it's going to say hello to little squid
he's up in the sky you remember last
time we did this and you say goodbye to
the baby remember
okay it's bringing outside does all
right ready on no I'm gonna bring it
outside and this is so trying to got
guys ready bloomin ready
oh we've got a single fire you can't
squish down resort
bye-bye nurse where does the rain not
know
it needs the Sun to shine evaporating
all of little droplets to the sky time
time times not on our side I was hoping
you won't mind if I
time time times Oh
ha ha hopefully we don't light anymore
or maybe we'll make a tradition of
lighting it on the 24th of November
every single year and we'll keep squid
happy huh
your little brother sister that could be
but now are you excited for the new baby
yeah because you know what it's only
coming in around three months guys all
right three ones he's not exciting it's
so funny you know because I think if
they weren't here I might've got a bit
more upset about that foot
he just went terribly wrong and they
were just messing about you know but
it's a tough thing you know losing a
little kid oh but I'm so happy my kiddos
are cool anyway remember this is not a
sad video okay we're celebrating things
we're not being sad about things all
right I'm gonna go friends I'll see you
guys tomorrow the friendliest friends
video just went live the first one back
so if you haven't checked that out
please check it out for news friend no
youtube.com for aprendiz friends how
coincidental is it got it actually today
is Thanksgiving as well isn't that odd
on my heart but like coincidental and
thanks
my kids my wife and you guys thanks for
watching video my city likes to shine so
brightly
when I'm coming on to you
every night
when I'm dry
all I think about
whoa
