sued Warner got into a bed last night
and then I think he got three times but
I think he got annoyed and annas and
pregnancy pillow thing because he was
like I want to go back to my own bed
remember oh this is bridge then I was
like all right sorry so I picked him up
and brought him upstairs and put it back
in bed I'll get it yeah maybe that's
what it was
well I just think it was playing he's
like I wanna go back to my own bed I was
like just nobody is that nobody no
thanks we're talking about Eduardo
confused me are yo that's great I hope
that no that's a brake job I think is
twice and then it was that time I put a
mic and we went to bed oh yeah maybe
that's it maybe he's had a
self-realization cuz that's what happen
when we end when we like toilet training
medias we tried it when we wanted to try
it and then it didn't really work and
then a couple of months later she wanted
to do it and it works oh yes in calendar
it's getting ready it's near the adven
time and I heard a room work the Alpha
Nichelle was coming so we need to eat
your dinner breakfast hey all right
Eduardo
you still have your stick you're on
those from the book we read last night
was sticker yeah yep Wow it comes at a
Lego man
isn't that so cool come on sit in your
chair fourth in your chair do you like
the wizard wardo what you can go to
school that's what you can do they cool
well because of the matter what matters
what so ever Ian these sweets
a jolly Jam all right we're heading on
the school run aren't we and it's our
own clothes day today was Mufti day
which meant that the kids in exchange
for wearing their own clothes they could
donate either a bottle of something or a
jar of sweet just not having we got a
jar three things yesterday and we
already had one so thank you to the
person that gave that because it ended
up going to a really good cause so um
yeah I think it's for the school like
raffle so hopefully no one notices that
it says Anna on the back of it and then
it says love your video friends we have
a serious problem
I'm Casper and this is JLo inside it
couldn't be worse
so we're going to this award show
tonight and that is getting dressed now
you look amazing go like for someone
that spray goes you know they made
dead-on you wouldn't even notice you're
pregnant
yeah seriously you just look like you've
got hips and interns inside hmm what
actually look the proportion of your bum
we've rounded it away
look the portion of your poem is the
exact same as your belly you're like
yeah that's quickl look at these shoes
though you give these things they got
little wings in them the name Victoria's
Secret or something none date any people
in oho Sophia Webster
what are you there from
how there are metal is like that could
be sore no yeah so I'm presenting a ward
on stage and we're up for an award if we
don't win anything because I'm not
walking anywhere like seriously that's
the worst part when you have to like get
off but you're like oh you see now you
jinx and then you are gonna win my
gentle ones who don't know I don't know
so we are up for international each year
is in the air all of my friends are up
for British youtubers because everyone
here is English but a real friend - this
war up against like all these super huge
American channels so I don't know what
the odds are I don't know it's but
they're at least I'm not up against any
of my friends so that's kind of cool you
know but it is funny the world against
maybe I should get a pair as well I'm
more of I'm more of a jeans and a suit
jacket kind of guy think damn it's fine
but like when you have to get up walk
that's not like please don't anyone call
me Oh anywhere yeah I don't think I can
last very long fingers crossed and it
doesn't win okay exactly exactly
all right let's go
let's go let's go oh it's frizzy Oh
oh my goodness look what Amelia has done
with her feet from Lapland oh boy
alright we are heading off to a shop
with Eduardo
you know Eduardo and these these here we
are going to try and get some stuff to
build as friendly as friend set I'm not
gonna tell you the exciting what we're
actually doing but we're trying to build
a set to do something really amazing the
most amazing Christmassy extravaganza
ever and if I fail at Susie's fault come
here father we shall get all blame will
rest on you
if we fail okay it was pretty bad that's
pretty bad okay let's dump you in here
mister we want weeds going to the side
because I don't want you wanna know oh
look little Christmas trees oh did you
smell that wardo sprouting Christmas
trees oh I love a good Norway spruce oh
oh my goodness when we get a Christmas
tree no don't do it don't do I look at
everything
oh my goodness Eduardo it's Christmas
welcome to Christmas lands okay guardo
you're your own props Oh Christmas stuff
okay we have to make sure that we don't
just buy everything all you have to
limit ourselves and isn't here
the Santa Clauses okay we do have a plan
would you have a plan stick to the plan
you've been squirted in there mister
yeah all right we're trying to pick the
teams we got balls we're thinking of
maybe a frozen e kind of Christmas don't
take all of them Elsa there you go
mister
all right don't wreck it I already have
a lot of hope for this project if you
didn't know the channel is youtube.com
forward stroke friendliest friends guys
and we are going to try and make the
greatest Christmas Extravaganza series
it's gonna be amazing
is it gonna be amazing into art oh it's
gonna be amazing
immediated we're doing penguin form or
it's an old man farm yeah yeah oh yeah
yeah we do the carrot is a nose yeah
alright let's go ok we have gone
overboard what I need him for a minute
oh yeah ok Eduardo you need to share
your drive home with all your little new
friends
there is ok now we just need to go home
and build Christmas world she's dropping
the trolleys back is that ok oh no guys
you just gotten home and he's lashing
rain and I don't have a cold
anything on it right out can I have your
coat you don't even have a hood in that
coat deal so we are on our way to do you
know swimming it's also pouring rain and
we don't have an umbrella it's so light
we're gonna have to run run ok and yeah
we need to get changed for swimming and
then what else do we need to do we did
you eat all your lunch yeah it's good I
mean I know you didn't want them thank
you ok let's go because we're gonna be
late I mean parka Wow go spike a cracker
oh this is horrible weather who planned
this
and we have to go to an awards show
tonight like are you kidding me are you
kidding me we survived swimming we got
absolutely so didn't we on the way out
and on the way in yes her hair so cute I
love it
right after I them right
now I need to get ready for an award
show
I'm really not feeling it boys like it's
pissing rain
I'm wet the draggled and I have to go
out alright when the car and always to
London look at the bridge
all right we are here this is Killa so
Leon's here we'd be so what's up and
Leon are pretending an award with any
award we're not really sure
I'm hoping the ads gonna cover for me
I'm gonna try but you know you guys
there this is this hilarious right so
they've Nix
like everybody
to show
alright guys so we're backstage here
we're getting ready we have the award
here I feed you guys look who's won we
know of what you want to win Best
Newcomer guys this looks like my career
life
yeah
Oh thought it'd be a terrible mistake
all right we are out after the show but
look at this key here I don't know if
you can see this get this thing love it
doesn't command camera skill it's all
writing down all down the road joy love
hope wait that's so cool looking
yeah we are out on the hunt for food we
don't we aren't we are taking a sneaky
date night we've turned it into a date
night nights question we go leave me
comments we'll wait here but Jesse's
there all the food is down here I don't
see any food I see lots of shops and
you're look at her mouth our phones
pretty cold it's colder than expected
anyway that was so much point wasn't it
that was really funny so many people on
who were so well for her I don't know if
we got any footage and we got some
footage to represent in warn I'll stick
it in here nope we have no footage of
the awards and the winner for greatest
footage of the awards does not go to me
carry on
it's let's helping me over so
unrehearsed who we are so just like I
don't even know and then everyone else
is like have these like routines and
everything and they're all like unmarked
or something I don't know
oh no we have immersed at all
