awesomeness still running and they
always like to run this bit by herself
and then there's there's ad and at the
end of this so she disappears
and then pop SEC who gives me afraid no
1 min and we just drop it right oh we
have a problem there's no dog food do
you know how to a new beat right enough
movies I know what you do okay where is
it
yeah open it oh yes you can run where do
you think that's right another one look
at them while waiting up there
something else in here I don't say that
no Eduardo okay how they bought this
because we get so much food and then it
all just gets stored in here and then
you know it gets forgotten about ed
white oh come on ed white oh come on
stop messing down here oh oh it's proper
raining I'm proper proper in winter has
cometh it is proper raining and your
friends oh my goodness
and hello hello there I got a thing like
if I start doing that as a joke next
thing you know I'll be like it'll be
happen I'll keep on doing it you know
anyway I got to go there's a play date
happening right now you turn here right
the police are here
oh the police are here guys please knock
against a knock in the door and say what
seems to be the problem officer not
gonna door
what's wrong what's gone wrong Eduardo
yeah what's gone wrong
hey she were kidding heck issues v oh no
don't Shh it's okay it's okay come on
come on I'll help help okay put your
shoe in put your right foot in okay now
put your left foot in nice and joint
your crown on as well now princess
Eduardo we look very pretty
all right go find a policeman she's a
very dramatic to tell these are the
passports that we had for laugh lines of
elf Passport I know be sure he was
actually inside these so when you first
arrive you get you have to wiggle your
fingers that's a song at the start you
have to sing then you go to the toy
factory remember we build the toys you
get a stamp then you go to the kitchen
you get a stuff with you bill - then you
have to sing the elf song where all the
elves that was more singing think so
she's singing now then he's going to our
post office as you can see Amelia got
the stem I wait are they are all stems
and then we congratulations we're on the
good list and the media got the sticker
that's it you are officially ready for
Christmas
Charlie why are you sorry
oh my goodness
hmm oh my goodness now he still sees on
the floor it wider do all of this
definitely not you
Eduardo who spilt all these on the floor
Emilia are you you did it you're taking
full responsibility I don't claim mister
take one of these you need to sweep all
of this out okay show me your process
guys that's not really helping so we got
these big things from the school we
didn't get it from the school but at
school told me to buy them because
apparently they stranger the child's
fingers so that wanted me this learning
to write
she has stronger fingers he's literally
the worst thing I've ever purchased they
just throw them all over the floor they
call water beads or something like that
Oh snowy beads oh you guys just making
it snow with the snowy beads oh is that
really helping okay guys I think we need
to escalate this to the vacuum cleaner
because I don't think this is really
really helping what do you reckon
there's one thing Ana Ciccone Jolie
loves to do more than anything else and
that is to clip nails on finger toes or
whatever off children you do you love
clipping and prodding things in their
ears and you need your toes done let's
check your toes checking your toes maybe
just this one maybe just that drop that
little toe off snip snip
Oh My yes there's some crazy storm in
our area the whole place icky the whole
house is like rattling away with it and
the whole fruit garden is like flooded
it's crazy isn't it meaning you're in
rain yeah you got now will you quit on
you're on couldn't you it was really
really loud wasn't it your turn yes sir
daddy finger daddy horsey Oh abdominal
horsey muscle work out there it can be
done to me and I really yeah look
there's daddy longlegs right there
that's ready short legs I know it's me
everybody's looking for them it's
actually me that was the joke I'm daddy
with the long legs huh
the study have long legs which is that
you have short legs hey mommy's no legs
and daddy doesn't Oh
what does Eduardo have he has long legs
so everybody has long like except for
daddy I was like a pretty long leg right
there
do I well thanks Eduardo no wait wait
let's go guys straight to bed put your
arms around my neck yeah good boy okay
ready here we go
here we go okay okay no five of us all
right come on guys let's go all right
we're in
Eduardo's bed Warners big bed oh look
what I did I took the TV off it was
annoying the crap out of me cuz I was
what are you concerned once I put the
like it was like double-a John took me
ages to get the thing off the wall but
when we put this bed up Eduardo was able
to stand up and actually touch the TV
and I was like did it's not like a ma
it's not a new TV it's a 40 yeah heavy I
would put a picture of their book we're
probably leaving here soon
did we ever buy a house at all okay line
amasai daddy
we are gonna read the over half-frozen
book
all right lifetime beside daddy that's
it okay
you ready Elsa made a snowman to play
with when she was a little girl
Elsa and Anna called the Snowman Oh Oh
laughs I'm glad to see the dogs have
eaten their dinner oh I know
vo bus don't you know surprise surprises
it's almost time lads you decided I
decided to find out what Jonathan and
John there's a secret in here guys don't
look it up all right why my face of
spotty out you got some tea your
husband's peanut butter way
very heavy plum pudding she loves these
books oh my god she's gonna die I'm
putting hair of Cinderella she's got
like two of them why do you see all
these Little Mermaid
oh my god yeah she's got two of them oh
my goodness and she really really likes
them that's so she's gonna be so happy
she's gonna talk that's like the best
present ever
books we got a letter from Fiona and
look she had like a proper wax damn boys
with an F how cool is that
so thank you Fiona I read your letter
there's more books very important things
enjoy you should be a nut
let me go look at this a thousand
stickers they're all stickers like Lego
stickers then finding dory book or
something
Knights of hero's giant hello
Oh Anna sweets where's that heroes Oh
Anna's fees where's the heroes we're
heroes
where does it say hero so I see heroes
yeah I said I meant nice no you said
Knights of Heroes hey where's the word
hero I say just take a glance at me so
weird oh my god that's so cool it's so
cool we had at last weekend our Pico box
stores at Jonathan sweets and this
Victor's and Alice meets I didn't
realize that yeah well Jonathan I didn't
the thing is right there oh yeah baby I
forget it's more like looking small the
baby's gonna be I know it's tiny
I bet that's not even new point sighs
what's life is that I bet it's zero to
three or something that's why you take
babies me that can't be newborn does
anyone do what I do that is insane
really it doesn't say oh yeah while
you're out two three huh look it says it
right there
sorry zero at the tree this is the tree
that I enjoy where I love the one him
putting that goes I love the one that
video was born it she wasn't born and
then they on it no but you did it with
your app they going for Amelia I also
got these look big sister how cute is
that
oh and rosy ideas look if you make a
mess I know I got that from the
description a big brother and that cute
thank you they didn't even look right
that looks like newborn but yeah it's
newborn check what it was not
Oh literally she was asking me at
Carter's all the baby Howie are not
since they've been like at least 20 oh
it's only like it's like a couple of
weeks like it's not gotten to me the
baby life it's not over halfway it's
like it's not like we're well over but
it's not like like year we're turning
you know like Oh
goodbye friend thank you for watching
the video
