good morning venture making grass hello
there children are making brioche mommy
chocolate chip brioche shots normally
have pancakes on a Sunday morning we're
we're we're open our game here yours
okay
you got to roll it up now I think we
need to do something with a knife yeah I
think we need to cut five six these are
six of them well they're all popping is
this six of them they're wardo tree for
daddy one part water one for Amelia and
one for mommy oh no no okay
No one two three your pop mates uh-oh
what do they look like they're a huge
they look massive Hey oh dear oh dear I
think we made ginormous ones guys
Oh dad oh you say cross on so they said
cockadoodledoo
they're called brioche actually gosh
that's really dangerous
plus it's hot isn't it did you feel that
it's huh yeah I know it's very hot so
you have to be careful it was you'll
burn your hand off and then you'll have
no hands left that will be really sad
you wouldn't be able to write your name
anymore
I know cuz you're right-handed which
hand you write with that one yeah you do
that's right very good
yeah no you write with your right hand
so far I've got no left-handed children
laughs had left hand his yeah you're
right
how did you know that laughs what
how did you know that that was very good
you mean your left and right which hand
do you write with Eduardo stay oh good
girl Wow
meanwhile he's just picking his nose
great boys and girls I know the answer
to this it's very old which have you hit
people with she's right
yeah you're both right-handed it looks
like so the next baby has your left hand
left-handed with my eyes fine fines if
they were cheering okay we look read the
last cash any comeback all right no
hitting otherwise no brioche I'm gonna
give all six to all six doggies laughs
that I waited firm a'dreea oh my
goodness he just froze Bianca it didn't
work it doesn't work on me okay no it
doesn't it doesn't you could do what you
want to be Oh Peter you're so cute
yeah okay
you trying to think I can't even put
that on here but that is so offensive
put it in the beaten it's got pee inside
it
kind of didn't realize they were going
to be that big I think they're meant to
be though do you think guys what do you
think guys yeah look what a media did
traffic oh I would not like to be stuck
in that traffic media might be so cross
if I was this one here
right so I'm trying to get Jonathan to
watch the M&S odd Christmas on he won't
watch it
Oh apparently I'm going to cry he
doesn't think it's good like these odds
are good harsh but I started crying when
I want I cry when I watch it every time
because I'm pregnant and I'm loser what
have you just put in like no what is
that what is that em no it has to M&S
like all one two word in one word no
pastries got more views oh this one's
way better Johnny's got 18 million yeah
change he's got seven million and I
prefer M&S right listen Oh John Lewis
sent us some toys they got 18 million
views since Ben M&S didn't just saying
just saying thanks goodness know the M&S
one is the best one I don't like that
okay ready
watch me as I cry okay I'm crying get
the washer for the third time doesn't
Grider work nothing I knew it would work
I'm tired well I think if you have
children it's like a part of it laughing
you're laughing crying crying this
script I was like are you crying
Ted like you looking me just like
Eduardo so no need to be be like you
cannot go to Target cars over boy she
goes no fur you know that's the ten
years MS all right we're back from the
live stream do you watch the live stream
I don't you up with some really good
questions I think are so you picked
really good questions but now we're in a
Christmas mood and we're going to watch
how to Grinch Stole Christmas wasn't bad
it was only a fiber butter for a fiver
now forever are you guys ready for this
do you guys need some popcorn does mommy
any popcorn
everyone needs popcorn okay
you guys ready
doggy popcorn actually I think all the
popcorn seen I forgot I see miss Deveau
here we go guys
wasn't it getting HD itit was only an SD
version
you ready this might be a bit scary -
okay we can't have a movie we had some
popcorn huh huh do you want to hold any
media you're gonna be responsible for
okay yeah you like the movie so far the
Pizza has arrived this is not one that I
made fresh in the Test Kitchen kids got
the old cheesy banana and I got no wait
that's me cheese free barbecue sauce I'm
pineapple chicken sweet corn peppers
Rome get Ana's italiano
who would you go for pop-tarts buck
touch what you gonna do what you gonna
do when they come for you
this motor didn't they break off pretty
light and don't be a wingers who wants a
pop-tart oh is that organic and fresh oh
it's all I got
all organic grass-fed what what what you
guys don't want pop-tarts you will get
over there and you and eat your
pop-tarts what you are broccoli
get out of there what are you watching
oh I've seen this apparently it's
brilliant car park toys pot toss pot
toss pot toss very nice a disco baby
party
we're having a disco baby party whoa
show me the disco baby party product
okay so we were cured with D we got
these in a few of us I am stopping we
got this in the P o box awhile ago and I
always like I wonder what it actually
does cuz look it says it plays music for
your baby so we're going to play music
for our baby use between 18 and 40 weeks
discrete adjustable lightweight compact
sounds good yeah oh you're back what did
you do
I trying to get hold on I was trying to
get I put them out bad but goes in here
okay so I just happen to have a pregnant
person over here you did oh they putting
a filter on your belly what would that
work if you put two googly eyes on it it
might work
maybe it worked all right guys let's
open this thing up is it not whoa all
right yeah it should be pretty simple
okay girl got very nervous may be
careful ooh baby nervous man okay okay
guys guys tell us what songs should we
play for the baby first
no old stuff no also so daddy's phone
was prohibited chart hits only guy
Amelia what song sang taek's it over
single battlescape
I like I learn yoga
I beg oh yeah
please this one I well how is she
walking like that when I do it
oh yeah is it swish there's something
missing
oh wait wait wait wait the pods you got
the pads oh wait so how many times did
you get I can't be one go now guys what
song is it that you say we should play
first disco take a sip of a secret
potion yeah I could eat eat mister
person I like to eat eat
I hear anything oh no I can hear okay
nice turn up you can hear listen Shh
listen
 wrote the phone log allowed to do
you hear guys now that sees the baby
moose oh oh oh
guys she's kicking she's awake no way
maybe she can hear it yeah she's kicking
you no way I can't hold on where - where
- hold on hold on the baby's kicking
hey I've yet to proper feel 101 what are
you doing that's not the baby mommy's
trying to feel you think she's reacting
to it yeah that's cool then okay well
then maybe these are really good but
maybe I think maybe later on in the
pregnancy maybe they're better that's
cool guys ninja oh wow oh oh my
that's crazy we couldn't hear anything a
second ago Wow mod is she can you turn
off the music
Oh mommy that's crazy isn't that how
loud that is and yet like when you
suction in there we couldn't hear
anything alright friends good bye thank
you for watching leave some likes and
comments and subscriptions and I will
see you guys tomorrow can I get a
collective by friends from over here
 yeah
that cuckoo back in
Oh
and I just get again
