coming live directly she didn't say
about the delay friends so many honey
shower and meaning is why we're having a
domestic about the thing yesterday I
wanted to show them for later on so let
me yeah turn off these things here let's
remove that as organized that's wait for
a few people to come in it's like five
thousand people you're already oh my
goodness where's the other one
hello where's the other one that's why I
went and downloaded in this morning cuz
I gave that him yeah yeah yeah
no cuz I misunderstood you saying last
night yesterday we were in Lapland
Waymon yeah my phone is damaged badly
yeah we went to laugh line yesterday it
was amazing wait till you see tonight's
vlog guys yes it is so cool when you get
this book we have to buy this book but
I'm look at all the kids in Santa Claus
that's so cute it's so cool cuz all of
us hissing what do we took another
picture which I bought downloaded I got
them on the down I put it in there
what's that chat what's up Jack yeah
because I notice right I was trying to
find it anyway
we're just trying to give the kids a
snack so they eat this alone for a few
minutes ready for episode you know you
just add the shower again or like your
face is like hot doing huh yeah yeah I
got like red or something I wouldn't get
out of shower and you guys can edit or
show nope now look at y'all guessing
names in the thing oh don't say to media
she will say it and this is nice get
yourself comfortable okay that's cm oh
dear
tell people see yours is sharing okay
everybody on Twitter YouTube Facebook
snapchat Instagram tumblr myspace vine
whoever whoever else you're watching
this wrong right now tweet with the
hashtag baby Saucony Jolie and the first
letter that you think is not or is see
we're not revealing the first letter
network we're removing a letter from the
board so right now coach meet hashtag
baby saucony Jolie's babies can Jolie
and a letter that you think it is
definitely not go no a letter that is
not oh you're really confusing though I
am very busy
let me just share this out right and
then I will get on to the air questions
because I have got them all
did anybody watching me me yeah eric has
Urban Outfitters home I listened to do
it though yes as you were playing it
no before dinner questions just gonna
quickly do oh yes so what I thought
about was doing the baby name reveal
thing I was like memorize like always
take one away a week and I was like well
that's really what date of what they end
the vlog do I go and do that and I'm
more than likely like because the vlog
is like our life things happen and then
you kind of forget so I was like oh I'm
going to forget about it then so I was
like oh we're gonna do this live stream
thing what does happen I turned it on
silent
yuuji conspiracy we're gonna do this
live stream thing for the next little
while and so I was like oh my goodness
so every every weekend I said Saturdays
but things keep happening insider is so
we'll reveal them so is everybody here
is everyone sitting down let me check on
Twitter
let's see some Twitter shoutouts welcome
to the shadows
okay thank you same things
oh my god I have to wait oh you have to
wait until um because otherwise I'm
gonna share the ad on my way P and D Zed
Zed
there's no no Zed I'm not bored like oh
my god there's no set on the board so
that is disqualified Gladys is qualified
guys and stop saying that or do we just
be really me and say no but yeah there's
no Z oh okay we can officially reveal
the baby's name does not begin with oh
no wait there is not as ad in
the name it could be given no account in
your name so how could it begin with
that in the name well done all right
let's go back to Twitter's and the
comedy things here okay
is it the first name or the first and
middle name um it's just the first name
not the middle name it will have like
all of our children they're all like two
named children so it would definitely be
a two named child but we're not gonna
we're not talking about the second name
John Hannah banana
okay all right go tweet again right now
which one it should not be using the
hashtag babies going to Georgia this
upset not yet I'm watching the baby
story Jolie
hashtag slow use that Charlotte says
Kate Claire says J Dom says e-myth Holly
says Maddie scooty fast money I don't
think it starts with K love Australia
seven there is no seven and he says it
doesn't have an L and he says E so those
names I haven read Sarah Chloe writes
Grace and he just do it yeah okay also
bearing in mind there's multiples well
no that's the game yeah even though we
might remove a ladder right now that
doesn't mean that ladder is completely
disqualified you know that has been
produced in its exposure
yeah well you can't see okay okay oh boy
wait to Annie gets back
let's see Dom he made me smile so much
he said my name I said it again Molly
says am georgette says it begins with I
you here you know but you can't see me
anymore
here we go alright are we ready for it
that's the Coney Jolie please remove the
first letter that is not in the baby's
name all right there is no giant oh oh
oh really
oh my goodness oh wow there we go
friends
we removed the first letter which was
that Oh in the corner there it's being
removed we're going to make mentioning
doing in line
oh my goodness
anyway alright Noreen Sofia and so it
isn't only Fiasco isn't it oh it might
be because there's still three more
chances it could be a no right yeah yeah
or maybe the name is just oh oh what's
your oh this is gonna get super excited
by the way as we get like aqua if you're
watching this in a playlist number one
questions this week zone they might be
feisty she's almost well pregnant Oh
hash tag in screech only household
something and then I watch you know I'm
like I'm watching
Ciccone turns like a baby's Tony Tony
I'm watching both of those so what
should we have for dinner tables I had a
fish finger sandwich last night we
bought these people they have underneath
the sauce and then we bought ingredients
to go on yeah we got home
quite late so using one time I thought
that would be kind of communion list you
will probably order something yeah
pretzel yeah this is the weekend you can
I'm not ready for us
let's not know what Domino's did you
guys like the Domino's Pizza video isn't
that so much fun so yeah like yeah dobe
take ever Sunday's is usually take - ok
next question
have u s-- I like this one because yeah
I don't know if you're gonna make me
tense right now
hey have you seen someone guess the
correct baby's name yet well no no I
know I know what they're like
there were chickens do you know the
answer of course is know the answer
yeah that's why I'm saying good answer
sorry mates
alright okay okay if today's vlog the
winter one hunts the winter wonderland
one let me just check what's our average
line right let me just check that and it
made me cry this morning buzz let me
check okay so what's the average like
ages so sixteen seventeen eighteen
sixteen ten to twenty eight oh yes is
twenty thirty thousands if you can parse
these thousands likes thirty thousand
lights on today's vlog then maybe I can
I see the question so there's no
guarantee no guarantee I think if you if
you tell them that they're detectives
so what are things they pick up on
you're just like you don't have to
confirm her tonight
act now I'm telling it I'll tell you
it's bad idea it's bad idea
not yet not yeah laters okay next
question the controversial questions
because I don't like boring ones oh are
you I thought this would be interesting
are you OCD about anything me or you
both of us
she is have to like and cuz there are I
have my CD pencil I don't I don't
okay but they're different oh it's a OCD
cuz that's like yes I particularly like
yeah about YouTube like Saucony Jolie's
for sure how I actually managed for the
last six and a half years to put up the
video everyday whatever missing the day
that takes super discipline to like know
how much you filmed and editing times
getting a turnaround getting it uploaded
so my job he is really OCD but loads of
things actually
OCD about your breakfast your OCD about
when you eat Thank You Eduardo oh thank
you one each I know we're talking about
the breakfast thing I am really
particular about an idea a certain time
I don't know like it's not really
correct term he's term for it but like
oh thank you like the vlog being up at a
certain do you know what I mean
obviously that's like you drop you don't
I mean you don't leave the house until
certain things are done yeah yeah I
don't think
risk that's not OCD that's just like
having a job thank you
but you're right with the breakfast I
wouldn't never talk about you right I
won't eat certain things like I will not
eat chocolate or cakes or anything to
these guys later on in the day
yeah let's in your way I'm like you have
to have one of those bars I like 11
o'clock yeah yeah exactly 11 is like
coffee and granola
I'm extremely regulated
I can't I'm like a compliant way day
around why why no you can just keep
constitutional about at their school by
the school run thing in the morning no
you get your like scary you have to
leave at a certain time Amelia's
matching matching pajamas you do if I go
save I hope at nighttime you're like oh
when you change Chavez and I go up in
there showering her obsessed I just grab
like I know you can
no I would say I would have said it's
like the sheets on the bed oh yeah
don't ever all right when we when I get
out of bed in the morning when I take
the other day in the morning she goes
nuts if I even like sit on the bed some
men should be talking about and let's go
and sit in the bed and the conversation
was dead death eyes are on me and it's
like get off the bed all right
I'm not allowed sit on my own bed during
the day Oh God cushions that's probably
more that's interesting you think good
questions these are funny why are you
guys not saying the baby's due date nope
this is life it's kind of a mixture I
suppose with a few different things so
we've had a small problems before when
we gave birth to our other two children
or not it kind of escalated a bit it
wasn't it was a bit with Amelia but when
we had Eduardo you footwork yeah you
forget that like you're putting it out
there for so many people to know and
it's like most people are cool Abed but
some people just like like you know what
I mean and then there's the people in
the hospital work in a hospital
find out you're there and then kind of
access you in the time when it's not
really like I know like we share
everything by putting at the vaults and
all that stuff well my video is like I
consider our birth videos to be quite
conservative in their nature to not like
I don't I don't set up like GoPros and
lots and lots of cameras I have just
just one little camera and I try and
just feeling like the emotions that
Ana's experiencing and the emotions that
I am experiencing and it's not about
something big and dramatic and a
production it's just like it's a private
moment that we are sharing a small
portion of yeah you know and sometimes
when that happens and
and if everybody knows where we are in
one Hospital village and what think
they're born on then I feel that like
sometimes those personal moments and
it's not it's not like it's not like the
person whose dairy is being bad or
anything they're just they're
overexcited and then sort of we want to
experience that moment privately but
then share at 24 hours later
yeah how we choose it's not a reality
show like it's different yeah we the
birth videos oh I'm both diverted yeah
both the birthday is Amina and Eduardo I
have all the raw footage and there is
very I've not even seen it yeah Wow
you're not that into it I think it's
amazing
good seeing that hat like touching a
head and bringing a head out of me you
know you mean the child good morning
maybe one day a meeting at Warner can
watch the uncensored version know their
birth videos which is like you know
things in there you know I wouldn't even
handle Sina
yeah scene was amazing you guys see that
that was kind of censored as well
because that was very bloody yeah but
yeah it's just like we are really
private people yeah we are
well private then because of what we do
under YouTube's on the internet we share
our videos our life at least face our
choice hmm
but I think that when you do it in this
way where you're not on reality show
yeah you aren't in control you kind of
like start to fight against it when
people take advantage of that or feel
like they are it's it's their right to
know certain things because you're like
no like I am in control it's my it's my
I decide what to share not the other way
around
it's like you're so and last year I'm
not going to say the name in a broadcast
or how far we got but last year we were
very very close to you
having a proper reality show where
Saucony Joanie's was going to be
converted to a TV show and we went very
very far with this
and then you know as it sort of was
getting somewhere we just kind of fell
you start pulling back a bit because we
kind of tell it like oh I really like
you guys I like the relationship that we
have and I like that I decide Wow
go exactly what buddy out there somebody
else controls like I remember we had
like a massive wave would you do like
all the time which is normal and and I
remember I was like oh my god afterwards
when it was all over I was like can you
imagine if that was all like filmed and
then put up it would just ruin our
relationship because people somebody
else would you know that a producer
would be like no no no you guys can tell
you you know but our fights are epic
yeah she's crazy
well what happened is people would take
sides when you start to like think to
yourself oh my god you start to question
where is that that's why that stuff is
private do you know what I mean and I
think that's what really damages
relationships like it really does
because you're like you almost like for
example like your sisters and your mom
you know because they're not really on
the show as much people think that they
hate me oh I hate Jonathan I'm like I've
known ever for 10 years I'm like she
just chooses not to be on video but we
have a good relationship with all of
your family just like all my family and
you have a great relationship but
because people when they don't know
something they like rowing yeah you're
filling in the blanks but
for specifically not sharing the Jew day
I personally feel like it's our right to
keep it a secret like I just feel like
there's been so much stuff that's
happened lately yeah where we being here
trolled and Mike in our personal lives
and like things have happened to kind of
threaten our safety and I'm just like I
just want to keep certain things bring
it now you know to your option movie
yeah that share that with you and let's
then quit the blogs because the pressure
and everything in our life would be too
exposed
and we just feel like oh my god we can't
do this anymore our family's first so we
feel like that's like let's let's plan
like I've always planned that doing this
for a long time so you're trying to do
something that we can we don't enjoy it
it's just we don't enjoy when people
take advantage of it yeah actually
people take advantage of like our
personal I think space most people don't
it's literally a minority hmm it's funny
because sometimes I always say this like
sometimes I'm like I love making videos
for a living I love my job I love
YouTube I love it all I don't like being
famous I do not like that at all I wish
you not rep it that's today video you
get that you know but yeah I just I
don't like it and I'm just like yeah
it's like really nice when people come
up and ask for pictures and stuff like
that's fine I do not mind that bit at
all it's the negative bits that go along
with it including bits where life
the press will write stuff that isn't
true
or it will like blow things out of
proportion or say things and then it's
up for everybody else's speculation and
you're just like what like I we're just
you like we're just I'm you you might
want family yeah we're not like you
so that would be I don't know it's just
so weird to me and then also when it
comes to the kids oh it's really weird
cuz I just don't I don't like any of
that - like seep into their lives but
then obviously people are then sometimes
right yesterday we got to go to Lapland
we have to go to Disney World all the
time like a private time with all the
princesses we get such amazing
opportunity
don't want anybody to take it the wrong
way it's just that I would rather just
do what we do and not be like famous
yeah like not have the things that go
along with be like because the numbers
and the blogs don't mean anything
yes fourteen kind of idiot I still feel
the same way but we have to censor
ourselves a lot more because people just
get crazy these questions may oh my
goodness honestly the questions every
week Wow
moving on what is there what is that I
don't think I've ever even turned on
iTunes in my life and there's no music
do you know what no it's the next
question oh crap I missed one what do
you think Australia is like like the
things you have heard by the / rumors if
that makes sense
oh my goodness okay I have a box
upstairs of America Australia and Canada
to do with Australia because we're gonna
do it I was like well we know we should
do that but they're asking like what do
we know I'm just saying coming soon and
applause we're gonna try not all
Australian food even though any is there
any Australian people watching right now
isn't that straight asleep oh my god
Hannah not to leaves from Australia
right right no way
oh look Ellie BG is from Australia it is
his first training heavy table is ready
but if you ships an abort no I'm going
English do English good day night
goodbye right let's go down to the peach
pit know what's there you know Oh what
that we were supposed to go to Australia
this year with the VidCon thing but I
didn't we're gonna go now because Ana's
pregnant so unfortunately but we will I
would like to illustrate it it seems
cool my sister lives in New Zealand for
seven years she also did Australian for
a while um so to answer the question oh
sorry
what do you think it's like I think like
based on things you see on TV rumors I
would imagine ACK I would imagine it's
part of the Commonwealth who I think was
an established by the British I think
it's like lots of beaches yeah
everyone's really attractive it's very
like they all go surfing I would imagine
it in my head to be something like a
cross between England and California
yeah that's it right
so if California was an English province
yeah that is what is this Australian
like geographically it's in California
but it's established by the British yeah
right cuz they sound like yeah I think
they look similar yeah
I'm like I'm sorry if we're being
offensive here we don't mean to be us
yes where you are actually going off
home away
that's what I'm going off yeah it's not
I don't think a neighbor's like I don't
think there's maybe there are kangaroos
just what hopping about I don't really
think so yeah maybe I'm not your Skippy
Skippy kangaroo and a dolphin the talks
why do all your animals talk there's a
dolphin the talks in Ireland - in
dingoes kangaroos oh my goodness like in
photo that's what categories just
roaming around it's Jim it's Joe yeah
who is a Mike's a doctor oh no sorry I
was thinking your questions okay move on
next question there's not a whole lot
yeah yeah yeah okay did I just like move
drastically have you seen someone gets
the baby's knee where would you ever
renew your wedding vows with Jonathan
okay so we talked about that before
because when we got married right
literally we had to borrow and beg to
even afford anything we had like no
money we the only bit of money we could
get our hands on we actually spent on
renting a hotel yes we have when
mandolin player we had no photographer
with no videographer
I know makeup artists and our hair press
and the clothes we'll just scrubs
together your bridesmaids have to buy
their own dresses and fly themselves
they're two people of my family came to
my wedding I'm getting slightly sons
there wait no
nobody none to me like we could we
couldn't afford it and we just all we
had were no no we didn't ask much
everybody so a travel yeah like you
think like yeah like when would life
I think everybody's kind of at that
stage when we get mind like you're Eddie
University you get your first flat which
is crap
you get mired cuz you got no money but
you just have love and hopes and dreams
your first trial is in like homemade
nappies but then eventually you don't I
mean your career your career life goes
on and you move on and like a little bit
more comfortable because you are you put
your head down you know and then you
think like oh well now that would be
more comfortable should we you know
spend money and do our wedding the
proper way but then you go yeah but
would it be special so here's my
thoughts on it it would be it's like you
can't really go back and change not
because it's never gonna be doesn't
matter how much more comfortable you are
or how much more than you have but how
much better you could do the wedding I
know I could well I put that energy now
into like my birthday did you see me
news recent birthday party that cause my
mom was like I wish that would be my
bitch like that was an epic wedding but
like that's why I'm saying is that I
find more joy in spending like money or
whatever on like what we have right now
on our our kids and like or other family
members or do you know what I mean I
don't know I feel like that would just
be a big waste of money okay I tell you
what when Amelia and Eduardo and let's
say all of our children get married
weddings are over with and it's just you
and me and newbies why would you do that
oh no you have all of these people I
just i watch no offense to anybody if
they're watching who has been you
therapist I'm guessing most of them
haven't renewed them like in the big
huge wedding sentence like so you
haven't have like another wedding kind
of thing because that's more so I know
but like I just feel like the things
that I've had I've seen like that I'm
like that's so extreme why would you
it's so expensive like why would you get
everybody to come out and like going to
it even attending a wedding is expensive
for the person the guests I mean so like
and then you're just wasting all this
money when you could be spending it on
like do that instead like I just feel
like trying to recreate it and like
outdo yourself from the last time it's
just like but I like them as well I like
that we were like broke for so for the
start of our relationship would have
changed like I would change if we had
more money obviously but then like if
you like imagine you know our photo
thing we do every year and then one of
those years is the wedding you guys
don't all like fake done there's so many
things that I love what if we get
divorced and we get remarried and then
suddenly there's the Ciccone blogs and
the Joey vlogs and then we're not like a
wedding off but yeah most days you get
our kids of the kids well yeah I don't
know I don't want to like offend people
if I feel like if you give you something
that you want to do yeah privately or
like with a small group or something
that because you're like it's special
and it's like maybe 20 years yeah yeah
yeah about nine years that's fine but I
just wouldn't
like recreate my weddings yeah we're
like trying out do my wedding I just
think that's kind of weird
I will go be one of those really annoyed
moms like show me tell them the story
about your wedding dress okay no thanks
nothing Gary yeah next question but yeah
no well I was gonna say it's like
watching wannabe Isaacson guy he's gonna
be like oh love him but he's like got
tattoos he drives a motorbike and now
just describe to myself any of your kids
are planning my daughter's gonna be like
I don't think I'll be upset I think I'll
just be more concerned about the details
right yes that's what is it hard to tell
your kids off on camera we don't tell
them off on camera yeah I thought this
is good question though but
although in fairness we do right -
sometimes if we're like blogging right
the question is is it hard to tell your
kids off on camera like when we're
blogging I mean like right now like the
bathroom
this is different cuz it's life I
wouldn't say this okay what is going on
there's like hairs everywhere I mean
yeah wouldn't this is different in his
life they mean like on the vlog I think
no really but I added to that it's
alright well yeah I suppose confused by
the question yeah of course if I didn't
vlog and the kids are being annoying get
in trouble what do you scream at yeah
you just what we do it's not hard it's
just yeah yeah that's not that's not you
know I mean II as a four-year-old
Edoardo - natural they are nightmares
together they call it so much trouble
but that's why I like unreality show so
it's like it's like let me think you
made me watch this morning
M&S Christmas I the way the little boy
was like really means and sister with
any actually Lauder cuz that's my boy
super media and why I like annoys the
crap inner I ain't going to cover my
brother are you up to like like I also I
don't want to watch if my parents have a
blog for some strange reason I would
never want to watch myself being told
off by them or like being like getting
in 2010 protections or screening
colleagues that's why we don't
but sometimes guys yeah it's not hard to
tell them off because what used to
happen was at Wednesday this rezoning
for like a small period of time she just
keeps on kids
the media was like I think 18 months is
nothing and she realized quickly that
when the camera was on she didn't get
told off hmm
and then we were like oh no we were like
look what she's doing like so she would
kind of sometimes get a little bit
strong or like a little bit the cameras
on you do that oh oh I could get away
with it so we had a chat about it
between ourselves and we were scrappy
hey we need to like kind of catch her
out so then we decided to start telling
her off while the cameras rolling to let
confuse her a bit but obviously we would
edit it out so then that like completely
changed it and now she knows that it
doesn't like you behaved the same way on
cameras off like she knows that she's
not gonna be gonna move with it it was
for a really small period of time and we
was way back from in Arlen
yeah they will if they they see you
acting even slightly differently on
camera or in a situation it's like when
kids know that you're like on the phone
or you're out in public they know that
they can get away with a little bit more
like yesterday when we were out yeah
yeah they're like taking drinks from the
from the cooler thing and they know that
I'm probably not gonna get as cross
because I'm we're with our friend yeah
yeah so it's the same thing but but I
think it looks like um you on your blog
they do you think like oh I see commas I
like never do you think our kids are so
well-behaved juice in our own decision
you know
they aren't just I think I think a good
child is a nice structure of like
discipline and education and we're war
and you know I mean like we don't over
dividing them
warden correctly and issues a balance
yeah that's I'm not saying we know were
the best award I do I see sometimes like
we're just it's different everybody's
different but sometimes I see parents
that don't discipline at all mmm like
one of my like play groups and stuff and
they literally their child is like just
running around screaming doing something
like really naughty and they're not
saying anything and I personally think
that's wrong but then sometimes I see
kids that like their parents over
discipline and I'm like oh my god that's
kind of hard too so I'm Chi think I'm
kind of a middle like I think we're
quite relaxed but we're not like I think
we work out well because I'm very
laid-back and you're very more like no
no no I don't on the bad ribs and I
think it works out well with us because
sometimes like I'm a bad I'm bad because
I'm too laid-back in I think we balance
each other out when we correct each
other like sometimes you tell me that I
let them off too easily
so now I say to you like oh not too
douchey I mean it's like yeah yeah but I
mean are you're like oh you're like cuz
last night when I had a media up oh yeah
yeah yeah it's just I think we're just
like paladin's I think which is normal
plus I used to think that I was really
uptight like a bad stuff I used to think
that I was like overthinking everything
or like I don't know the kind of mom
that was like a bit too like high-strung
and then when we were in Italy one of
our friends is like you're such a
laid-back mom
okay do you not watch this but actually
it put it into perspective because I
actually think that I'm quite laid-back
I like them to be well behaved that's
not the same yeah but then at the same
time I'm not gonna like stress about
things that I can't control
either I don't think I'm not
I think it's just a mixture you know
even take like you're real strict about
the clothing and keeping it clean and
being you know not strip with you you'll
be particular have you seen there's
somewhere I know I know it only New York
slightly particular about that whereas I
will be particular about it
we're not like crazy oh like crazy at
diem food thing either
nah no they do get that well I think
what they have one putting every single
day again they have taken like once a
week and then like yesterday they got a
chocolate posh and not glad and I had a
fish from Iceland we're supposed to be
supposed to be a fish finger but it was
a fish Bhushan but that's another yeah
so I hope you've learned something more
I learned something about myself that
you should do the question tell you I
think you come up with good questions
gifts gifts and screen alright let's go
okay we need to feed these children feed
the kids I hope you enjoyed this week's
live stream we'll be back next week with
another and ladder we'll be taking off
the board and it's going to come up with
some amazing question Oh No so you're
gonna come up with the question yeah you
just pay solicitous but yeah so make
sure to ask good questions I found I
know she'll pick your questions hope
you've enjoyed this Jesus juice yeah get
the juice going Ives little bit boring
stuff nothing too boring stuff alright
do I wanna say goodbye to my friends
thank you
all right say goodbye to your friends
