good morning fun good morning friend I'm
a what what's wrong with all your
Barbies and their old dad oh she's like
them all on the grand
apparently Ariel is Ariel that's evil
yeah she wants to see all of that pax
oh no she's a pet dealer she's a naughty
guy and she sees a bad guy and she's a
pest
that's the worst the worst
so mr. delicious is over here you're not
feeling well Oh drink no more than who
brought you drink oh yeah isn't she
should see a good sister yeah I'm good
kid all of that flip boo yeah good boy
hmm that wasn't how Paul today was that
she what I was couple he does like a lot
everywhere i scowl ball she won't help
all for breakfast guys called Madison
because it tastes okay dear
yeah okay you're mad pick him out guys
Michael you want a car one more time you
want the carnation more I know you're a
oh so you think you have the
coordination oh okay Mineo doing this
one
amazing and that's so it's so strong so
great booty all right the nest hands are
up
hey you blow that guy's hurry up or part
my fingers
blow it blow it blow it thank you you
did do it it was a teamwork effort all
right oh good job guys it got halfway
matter head smells like a food my hairs
all frizzy cuz I didn't get a chance to
do it obviously I never get a chance to
it in the mornings anyway but I washed
it last night so it's looking a bit cray
but just dropped me off heading home now
to have some breakfast and yeah it's way
colder than I thought it was I'm wearing
a stupid thin little jacket um I was
outfit planning last night I looked at
the temperatures and I did not think it
was going to be this cold I think maybe
it changed and it's supposed to rain
later
I'm thinking of doing an outfit of the
day on this outfit though because it's
kind of like comfy casual really casual
wise my labels to camp um so that should
be up on the blog actually on my blog
and sakuni comm if you're interested
please don't be a dead bird
oh no it's soggy piece of paper you know
it's sunny but wet the sunny wet
situation all right lads have been
employed for the old outfit of the days
we should probably it rid of these this
one Oh God okay it's it's actually salt
no that one's okay that one I think you
not mine what yeah
who are the squishy things oh no you see
you I say that you can't be in my photos
I don't want to be in your house
so Eduardo is going to have a nap well
we're gonna go later but first we have
to have ourselves a little naughty who's
that I'll do my eyes yeah we're know is
nice oh good new bed sheets whoa is that
a boat Hey a little boat is that daddy
boat and Eduardo boat big big big boat
all right mister can we take your shoes
off
oh and take your other shoes off huh so
the doctor is away on holidays why would
a doctor go on holidays huh
but we checked this temperature and this
temperature is 36.4 which is all good in
the hood
Amelia's teacher from school is I'd take
half of meeting his classes at 6:00 I'm
even at a focus there I am now
so I would imagine he has some sort of a
cold or something hey mister see you oh
hell
or something all the lenses all I say
it's really annoying now being in the
rain is like you can't like me in a
proper have a looking like the back
garden yeah you in the rain all right
friends we have something exciting to
share with you are you ready
what's that in your hand a poppy did you
make that in school do you know what the
puppies are for tell me tell all our
friends it is for remembering that some
daddy was annoyed and there I go playing
again yeah I know it's a long long long
time ago yeah that one of them could die
that's to remember from the poppy that's
what we do is it we use the puppies to
remember them
and now I can remember I remember
because I have a poppy
well that's very nice Amelia she learned
that in school okay all right so the
other day I was writing on the board and
I came with a couple of names that the
kids had written on the board and then
we taught of a better game to play
are you ready for the Ciccone Jolie's
baby name game you ready for this carry
on friends Wow here it is I did get your
tickets here is the name game hidden in
this is the name of the baby good luck
friends we've got some ticket so what
we're gonna do is we're gonna rub a
letter off I think week by week I'm not
really sure but in here kku why whoa no
no wait wait oh my goodness thankfully
that didn't actually work because I took
ages to make that but um yeah it's cool
no thank you no thank you no thank you
all right nice
your mischief mischief maker I said they
named that shop after you all fine gay
kind of wool you just gotta walk past
you I'm not gonna Ruby drop him just
gonna walk past anyway here we go
this is so cool friends I'm so excited
like seriously you can just go around
robbing our man chalkboard so closing it
phones ringing hold on hold on hold on
hold on hold on kids are in bed asleep
and we are here wearing something fun
right so I ordered these things from
Theo needs away right or DS for Amazon
right but look they're like American
candy things we're gonna kinda do in
America anyone I also got an Australian
one I have and some other ones this this
well I do not want this hostas oh look
hostess I think looks revolting
this is a Twinkie it looks disgusting
this is between I don't know why it's
not called a Twinkie then but that is
disgusting justin is the brand of short
oh you make this I've been waiting to
eat the sonic well hold on let me hear
it is deal on first impressions I don't
like anything really you know do you
remember these I was obsessed with this
big red do you remember what you mean
remember I wasn't born in it I didn't
grow up in America no ice what I swear
they had these in Arlen what's a warhead
extreme sour go on try that one what is
wrong what it was really bad will be
really bad dangerous but a finger okay
but then you might think that do the
toxic waste no okay fine usually toxic
wait Elgin Warhammer okay so I gotta
taste do that what I've already tasted
it oh so gooey now
Oh God
oh you guys you're just like
Thanksgiving dinner in a sweet oh hi
eatin wine Oh No what's the morning
light that's right it's like acid reflux
that's what they should change even aim
with the acid reflux mine was like you
don't cranberry sauce was like a sweet
version of that oh okay but finger ball
finger let's go buddy
no okay well you have this one I of this
one it why is it the same thing yeah
come on edge huh oh my god is mine my
not is it a little bit
it's like dangerous I think he's
everything I'm not gonna be able to
taste anything
wait hold on I don't think I can have
the whole thing crispy crunchy peanut
butter bar oh that's disgusting
No
laughs an interval Padres enough bottle
thing good now if I'm mmm
I do remember these Oh my cousin's used
to come over they bring tootsie rolls
I don't do you know tokuma Happy's on it
I think I think I like these I think
these were good I do it mama de quatre
pointless tastes like nine make your
dreams come true
oh no rapping are you gonna have some
okay I'm serious I'll just open the back
go ahead and vote
this is it Twinkie
it must be come on tell me if this
Twinkie oh the botton god I'm curious as
to what this is
 what would you do that Snickers is
good enough itself what was your my 3
Musketeers what Americans what's your
obsession with peanut butter whitey put
peanut butter and everything
Johnny ranchera F peanut book wait a
second is everything in America can you
taste me me please oh my god heat up
water
hey can you is it peanut butter yes can
you everything you can spit out because
their gums
everything is peanut butter flavored in
America I just made that realization Oh
what the hell it is okay don't sniff it
what's the deal he's going to use home
single mm-hmm what's gonna happen
nothing
do you like it do these Laffy Taffy's
what Laffy Taffy you're not gonna like
it
you know I'm not going to let me now
come on why don't I in the banana but
now that I be toffee will you get
stronger than these tasty no yeah
exactly
laughs eat banana Laffy Taffy like the
first ingredient is pointer you tried
that the cherry head original and why
not share you can be difficult to open
it's probably like a warning look the
joke's on the bot and it's a joke is
this the joke I can't open it up okay
this must be gone on this is literally
not provable
these are insane oh my god it's multiple
colors he tried a peanut butter
first I denied sour I'm not laughing
guys hmm just like medicine mmm tastes
good medicine E is it medicine but
seriously why does that would be America
why is everything peanutbutter flavored
for sour I like the peanut butter stuff
well happily eat these you were born in
America
maybe that's why even P justice like I
don't have to eat these the Reese's
Pieces yeah we're gonna sing a cookie
crisper shoot part goodbye friends see
you tomorrow
leave us a like three promise Musketeers
was just taking a big lump of peanut
butter no look at this thing oh oh
that's what made that nightmares are
made of that kind of a thing the hostess
with the mostess oh my friends my friend
my friend
Oh
