good morning brothers I'm a good a
singer we're having breakfast and an
Amelia I'm gone to school yeah what
bianchi out Oh mommy's returned okay
Eduardo may have turn off his breakfast
and I choked OB I took Amelia and mommy
let's check this one they'll be back in
a minute okay okay let's see 27 more
this is the bad ear though let me check
it again okay mmm a little bit of a
temperature mr. Salas turn to vomit I'll
do it man okay obviously maybe I should
go first
I think I made a difference no no cuz
you in the morning I'll sit down I'll do
like two hours of work before least gets
here and then I do it where I was like
with you know first off I've only had
you know and then because you can
because you can you can come out here
while you're on the school runs this is
my time what you're just taking my I
wonder I've worn at the gym for
everything now it was wet I usually
preciate that I'm good out there
I'm your heater you know she was my
trainer first you stole her obvi that
was her like you know demeanor testing
time a probationary period well actually
I've got a feeling I might get sacked up
your training today
Oh make an attorney but you shouldn't go
finding your skis but next year
listening to me you know next year thank
you this time I remember is this time
last year I think you only started after
yeah yeah yeah and we came back from New
York and I was like don't worry we're
super fit and I was like oh my god I
can't believe you do yeah we exercise
these short albums and I do realize
become a tube yeah then they go and then
you were like I want what what you've
got so then you copied me and that's a
lesson for everybody
instead of leaving mean comments in your
videos I went down and got what you have
yeah fun make her cry and vomit you know
what time it is partners keep on rolling
baby and Denton hello there
top of the morning to you laddies that's
an Irish gamer fell on the old youtubes
he's hilarious he's got green hair oh
maybe I should dye my hair green or not
or not guys we've come up with the best
I read you all of your who's texted me I
read you all of your comments yesterday
on the video um or more likely like two
days ago for you as you're watching this
and we've come up with a rhyme gonna
show you later we've come for like a
really good idea for the chalkboard
whole thing um about the name game we
call the best name game idea ever
all right so it's get some tunes under
go yes that was a that was Green Day due
today
who've we got today
so freshers lost uh somehow I ended up
with an extra child come on extra child
me pop do you media give you our
audience will take this off and then
Doug yeah all right mister let's go
check your temperature again now that
you're back what am i stepping on
strippers when we need to partner with
dirty a point let's just check you to
make sure come on come on come on let's
check just to make sure you don't catch
36.7 you won
that's it win it right out your turn
yeah you you keep looking at that money
there the money we just stopped pirate
signs on it I I don't think that went in
here yeah Marta's not alive anymore
alright why aren't you daddy okay you
ready you ready let's do a check thirty
five point nine well now that's too low
let me just this is dead this is the
right ear 36.8 mister good job Eduardo
congratulations congratulations Amelia
yeah no eat your cake alright I'll have
it this is my son my son back on
my little is never good he's got some
money in his tummy saving up for a bunny
you want to buy a bunny yeah you want to
fight you want to join a dumpster or
something yeah all right you know when I
was a kid I had guinea pigs and hamsters
I have may you go you Miyazaki's I am a
witch you ought to have six real of your
own doggies yeah isn't that cool so
Eduardo obviously doesn't it is gopher
naps anymore buddy because he had the
high temperature and
he's kind of pornea and it wasn't that
there wasn't lovin the activities today
we're gonna give him a little little bit
of it
hello bit of a snooze huh that's newsy
jacuzzi mister come on oh and update
it's bad it's coming on Friday is that
exciting
I got money a bad well maybe you should
leave the money on your desk
what do you think your bed is coming on
Friday
no I notice easier bad okay but the rest
of your bed is coming on Friday the
frame of your bed
oh yeah isn't that exciting yeah oh yeah
no no this is your bed but the frame of
your bed you know the wooden bit that
amelia is in her bed did she climb up on
- mm-hmm
you're getting one of them Eduardo was
on ready if he's at home yeah yeah yeah
do you know what Livy has what does she
have hey no no no no no no did she have
little spots on her no she had the
chicken pox
yeah did you know what Eduardo was able
to play with her because you've had the
chicken pox and so his mommy and so his
daddy
and so his Amelia we've all had your
chicken box so we can play with other
boys and girls who have chicken pox
isn't that cool yeah we can be the
designated chicken puck friend I know
why do I you got money in your body all
right I'm gonna put him to sleep he
normally does not not do any day but you
know I know you gonna maybe go for a
little tiny one @nc tiny one nah ya can
see tiny one no German ready yeah little
tiny one a squinty winter squinch
aventure tell me can we get a squeegee
winter is it's happening Wow Wow
a little while oh wow
I'll come up in a little while and get
you okay yeah hey mister welcome to my
video like this it's like an ice cream
truck
this is a helicopter is before you step
four times I got it from Santa but
because that was when we like was
playing with mr. label I was like having
different colors
remember that time so we have a
different video and this is that will
permit fees and let me say these are the
photos so does this play read it and
lower hemisphere Weber and I can't
remember her name because I all got that
still there done to move up and see if
they can call her name again out again I
know is very Vella and miss Lola but I
don't know this one is like a blue color
sleazy the colors so this one is a red
one with flora and this wherever is kind
of a clean like under this and this one
with the blue has wings to so bad ready
and it's a mess but not this one not not
these ones they turn out
but this one cannot so green wings but
this is not the end because you have
lots of videos to them so this this is
all for today and thank you for watching
the video and you can please click click
the like button and even once the rest
of this and so bye hi are you guys the
Black Sea Patrol
we're going to do a rival it started it
started about 50 minutes ago but I don't
think they knew he actually starts for a
little while a bucket what you put in
that popcorn much it ought to be a
fusing we're gonna say Coney jewelry
treat I didn't when you watch the movie
in the cinema every day at 6 o'clock
coordination are broken your leg I'm so
sorry
i oh my goodness I've never walked up so
many stairs you'll see a movie like that
I always forget that you can get like
wine and beer and everything in the
cinema all right
somewhere around here alright movie is
over out of ten I would say eight what
would you give it okay
Wheaties got totally recommended one
it's heavy
yes yeah it's not like a big sci-fi Star
Wars from proper like Tippi
uncle if you don't want to be
be well-rested yeah don't go if you
don't want to be your brain it is a
challenging drop what wreck brilliant
movie brain movie I kinda thought I was
going in for the independent state Star
Wars and I was like oh no wait this is
like a science lesson good we say that
then we decided to come here to coach so
we get some man hollows draw olive snook
yes was in a show time I didn't remember
that show I love snow teams a guy who
was a pie man but was he dead
no you can bring dead Kings back to life
I think that sort of was a camera for
the was the name in a movie bar yes I
didn't kill people by touch no as well
and him and the girl he brought back to
life could never make contact he
comments leave you any idea we're
talking about what Olive snook the girl
the actor she's hilarious she's so cute
in that movie TV show anyway let's get
some food and we are home but before I
end this video guys have some really
exciting news to tell you
anna has written our first book it's
called Anna online wellzyn Anna is a
brilliant read it's similar to some
other people's books you make youtube
videos but this is the Anna online book
and going solo Anna's going so what I
don't know that Zoe so I don't know what
I don't I was always named in the bottom
your book anyway an online gonna be
available soon in all good bookshelves
it's very big
anyway as tradition let me just go and
read you the last page just so we can
catch you up on what people imagine
imagine lives anyway we are home
children are a bed asleep and we did a
little bit of house talking as we like
to do after date night and we might have
actually I don't know we always say this
but anyway
Jonathan from the future was that the
one from that time just give me a nod Oh
imagine from the movie
maybe I already know have you seen
anybody don't exploit us you know I mean
I'm like oh oh oh oh yeah goodbye
friends see you tomorrow hope you
enjoyed this video don't forget to hit
the Lights leave the comments new
subscriptions Oh Mike you didn't stop
she bite me yeah
that's where Gerardo gets it from why
are you pinching avoiding me my friends
tomorrow
