you carry Percy and Thomas and Kevin
hope Gary can't do it ya know sometimes
Alby does come up though doesn't he
daddy can you was lovely hello fan hello
friends myself an Eduardo are going to
draw on the blackboard kind of fun we
have Thomas and Percy and Kevin here to
help us okay so it's baby ciccone Jolie
as you guys know Janet Anna is her name
obviously
there she is there um but we're gonna
give you some other ideas because I know
sorry you don't believe me when I tell
you her name is Johnny tada
so Eduardo do you want to write
something on the board for me not cool
magical pens okay here you go write a
name write a name there for me ah okay
d wait does it begin with D wait does it
begin with a what she was it begin with
no don't get your sister that's your
sister's head do you know your sister's
name no do you know your sister's name
you have to write the first letter of
your new sister's name this is not hi
had great plans great plans in my mind
Ohio oh my goodness now you're just
breaking the pen way just drawing you
hey Eduardo give me a name yeah whoo Oh
Jonathan yeah but we already have it
Jonathan here look Jonathan give me a
girl's name yeah
Amelia okay II am I am i a Amelia okay
give me another girl named Millie Millie
yeah Oh me Oh Eduardo weep okay we'll
put it right on the board okay right
pretty sure it's nothing we called it
right oh okay give me a chicken
give me another girly name mommy mommy
so Anna okay let's put in Anna here okay
Javan either girl names for me yeah
Olivia oh okay oh I see I a Olivia yes
Francesca
all right that's a tough one Fran Cesc
ah French or did i dot her I know French
SK Donna Troy okay no cuz you're gonna
know do not draw Francesca maybe Emilia
is best to play this game with because
you have just come in here and we've got
a couple of names out of yours
okay all right
abort abort abort oh that means the vlog
is ready where it ought to be uploaded
isn't that exciting news so thank you
very much for your assistance
okay you may take your toys don't forget
Percy look who's here
say goodbye to me because I am
connecting Amelia but I love you and I'm
collecting a media from school my videos
are my clips are always chewing and
throwing from school or pickup sorry
doing it guys nose up to the glass um
yeah but basically we're going swimming
today first time back since summer time
that's bad isn't it but it kind of made
sense for our schedule and all that so
why step back so heavy okay I brought
the wrong bag I brought the saline bag
but it's like paitent
and it's very just heavy and then that's
meteor swimming bag got a change of
clothes in there
we've got oh crap I forgot shoes it's
mine she can wear her school shoes can
she yeah she can it's also only a half
an hour after her pickup time so we're
cutting it fine but that's the only time
we could really get for like her age
group and stuff because she is gonna
have the same teacher she's gonna have
the same kind of ish class it's just a
different time and different class
members so hopefully fingers crossed
those girls in this class because she
really didn't like hair the last one
just had boys what have you got there
and maybe I got a bump on her head so I
got a phone call from the school and she
went to the office yeah on her lap oh
yeah they were very good to you weren't
they they looked after you know you told
her you had six dogs remind me never
ever to bring this bag not the swimming
bag this ridiculous bag which I love but
not for swimming why would you bring
that to a swimming pool I don't know so
we got a phone call from the school this
morning and or this afternoon and it was
just a courtesy call to say that she had
fallen over but she's fine
let's go and that's it I know it does
yes that strapped in it does you can see
I got problem and what what happened
yeah and I rub my head my head on on on
on that chair and I go to the office you
CAD me and I got two stickers and I
think credit and you didn't cry were you
a good girl the school actually called
us it was quite terrifying
okay so Eduardo has already helped me
today me yeah no no okay
now what I need from you
what like seriously seriously the two of
you the two of you are ruining my little
game I have here I want you to write a
nice name
right here write a nice name E
yeah we're at coordinate what's the next
letter oh yeah I'm over here this is
underlined and I don't like you don't
like the line the lines gone I have a
pink finger now okay
now finish it off know what we're doing
here okay is you know you're having a
little sister soon
do you remember you're having a sister
yeah well we're playing a game where
we're going to write lots and lots of
names of little girls on the board and
then work on one of those names is gonna
be your sisters names you remember your
sister's name what is it oh very good
okay so we've established Amelia
definitely 100% knows her sister's name
so stop saying okay stop saying it
name some of the growth in your class
Jessica okay jess85 okay she is a girl
give me another name Oh mom Anna we have
an Anna here already so give me another
one
Emilia LexA second name and XE but her
name is really an extra but you can draw
Lexi because that's her second name
Eloise Eloise okay now we can tell our
friends which one of these names is
actually your sister's name because they
have to guess that's why you can't tell
anybody all right have you told anyone
and anyone asked you
yeah okay let's keep it that way okay
it's a secret can you keep a secret
okay that's not keeping a secret
that's just shouting it out all right so
we don't say it anymore
now what am i Peppa yeah Peppa so nice
name I'm gonna write kat blaque okay
here do you want the white one yeah
Chloe's a lovely name okay Haley yeah we
are getting somewhere no guys we have
lots of names now slightly regret um
doing my hair huh before going swimming
with anemia you know I didn't know she
caught something but you still like
absorb the humidity from the pool do not
I mean um she did so well when I switch
these off and I'm gonna regret it
yep oh no it's actually okay um she did
so well I was watch week as well and you
know what I noticed just that um her
school has made her so much more
confident at just everything in general
like there's a little boy in her class
at swimming who is in her class at
school and they got even though it's a
boy like who I've never seen her play
with before it they still got along
really well he's in the same like em
group so they grouped them into two it's
not not two classes but if they kind of
just like section them so they do like
different activities together and stuff
um so she they're in the same group and
she obviously kind of knows him well
enough to be like comfortable with him
and then they were kind of like not like
messing like in a bad way what kind of
like giggling and like smashing each
other and it was really cute and then
afterwards she saw another one of her
friends from school coming to the pool
and he wasn't in the class but he just
like came in and George and like we've
done stuff with him like we did the
fireworks night with him
the bonfire night I mean and his mom
like I kind of I wouldn't say I know her
really well but like we get on really
well so it was really cool because she
saw him from across the pool and she
like charged and then she like gave him
a thumbs off what's really funny and um
it was just really sweet cuz it's like I
feel like there's more of a community
like once you join a school you like
obviously get to know more people and
it's more and it's more so for them like
then for me like I like obviously
getting to know people and like you know
it's nice when you know the moms or the
dads to see and you kind of like have
familiar faces but it's more important I
think even for them because they need to
make friends and like just a sense of
like belonging it's really good but I
was so impressed with her I thought
she'd be really nervous and kind of like
um holding back a bit because she hasn't
done swimming for so long and I think I
took her out in August because that was
right before she started school and then
obviously now we're in November so it's
not too long I'm glad I didn't wait any
longer but she was she went like
straight in straight back in was same
teacher different class group but same
kind of level and she was amazing and so
I'm glad that she hasn't lost any of
that confidence but I definitely think
it has to do at school so I'm gonna have
a snack now umm I have all laid out with
a light which looks really weird but
people were like begging and begging and
begging for me to do what I ate
Wednesday's again which I'm not going to
do
on my channel anymore because I just
think it reads so much negativity and I
just couldn't be bothered to deal with
that so I am gonna be putting them on my
blog from that one so I wanted to say
that not all right these children have
gone insane it just immediately in this
song you know ask you loved players on
this so Amelia won an award today when
you're just swimming a word oh is that
the sad face to do with a part
yes Amelia got a sitting here today
right look she got on her knees
Amelia Saucony jolly nice one I can swim
what does it like in swim start me maybe
she did something oh I can float I know
if there's I was meant to me oh yeah
float my back huh look at you
oh she's gone crazy she's turned into
monkey luck
what are you good sorry apparently this
is this is the song right now this is
the one
all right we're gonna go friends we're
gonna have dinner I'll admit it's a nice
dinner kids have got mentals you're
afraid beautiful tonight
oh all right my friends these Mon save
my friends save my friends all right
I've gone crazy
there's no boyfriends
we tell you
just cake
