we are off on a play date just the two
of us don't step in poop Lee's that
would just be I did that already one
when we reversed in me the champ what
she is that's what I am
Oh somebody know what we did that I know
I'm off in a play date this is for
people that have not yet no no no this
isn't your side children that haven't
joined the nursery yet so April summer
babies basically we've no he's
technically spring look at this you'll
put the crowd will mount left here
naughty
Akkad oh man and your left is great
that's the first you never did that
before come here this way I don't know
he's silly
okay get in come on we're already a
quarter of an hour late I don't know can
you get in your seat please
sit down no don't put now that's yucky
just sit into it good boy it's not a
real steering wheel okay sit back that's
not gonna work right sit back
anyway Marlins story is I don't know
where I'm going four quarter of an hour
late cuz I have to do my workout with
you you see what I'm not getting
chocolate you psycho we'll see you on
the flip side hello
I'm still here hula hoop big hoops
recommend the big hoops friends mix and
paper that's the way it works that's the
way it works around here folks it is
today is your inaugural haircut day
friends make this be better so I don't
know how many of you guys know but I got
a hair transplant almost a year ago what
date is it today I have no idea no it's
the 14th of November 2016 yeah I got a
hair transplant almost a year ago it was
just after we came back from New York
they say it takes about 15 months as you
can see before I don't know how many you
guys have been following us that long
but it's been a crazy journey I should
make a proper a proper video about hair
transplants for people because I
remember beforehand I was really
conscious about it and I couldn't really
find out much information on it so I'm
really glad for the small bits
information I did find led me to
actually find a good consultant and get
it done and now here we are a year later
you guys were at video when I was
getting it done and I had all this holes
in the back of my head and everyone was
freaking out alright more you see I
don't know if you can see them
the hairs at the top because when you're
transplanting your hair from the back
your head to the front of your head your
hair gets quite confused as to what was
going on me
it's like one minute you're at the back
of the head just chilling out and then
he wakes up one morning and you're under
front of the head and you're like what
where am I
what's going on so yeah so we're gonna I
think more money got quite a short
haircut today just to try and finally
just get them to recycle themselves one
last time but it's been the charity
friends it's been a journey journey
friend the shopping leads which may be
in other places as well but I know this
journey friendlies anyway let us go and
get the journey done or like yeah I'm
thinking I'm thinking of shaving a
mohawk we think could I pull off a
mohawk
all right it's done what do you guys
think I look like I have more of a hair
for more than just a sort of long to
plunk of hair I like it it looks good
he's like come back every two to three
weeks and we'll keep it at this level
but look at me one got a hairstyle ads
all right let me follow where are we
going castle grounds but Anna's gonna be
super happy because I know she's always
like sparing my hair short but I'm like
yeah but I'm going through a thing I
have to let I should live there I should
say the Joley
that's my eyes they're actually okay
come on man our breakfast fifty stairs
have gray okay I'm now on my way to pick
up many of them school which I don't
usually do Jonathan likes to do this one
I don't usually do this but she's about
playdate afterwards so it's just like a
day full of playdate and actually I
probably didn't schedule them very well
because I do need to get some work done
I've not been scheduling things properly
at all this pregnancy I just I have
things to do anyway all right I have a
fun game don't mind my hair cuz I'm just
added a shower so and I just blow dried
it so it's probably all over the place I
know everybody wants to know the baby's
name but it's no fun just telling you to
baby's name so I had this idea right
what if I got a giant chalkboard like
this one here okay and then I got myself
some chalk like this one here did you
know that chalk now comes in like
markers you can get like marker chalk
and what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna write
like tons and tons names on this board
okay and I'm gonna hang it up somewhere
in view like maybe at the back of the
wall or somewhere where you guys can see
it all the time in like every video
except I'm gonna take a name away every
week
no way am I gonna add a name every week
I'm gonna do something like that where
there's gonna be a board this exact
chalkboard here it's gonna have loads
and loads of names on it and then we're
gonna take the names off we're gonna add
names to it something like that as it
builds up so you guys would be able to
look at the board
and you'll have to like grab screenshots
or like I'm not gonna like show you the
board every day you're just gonna have
to see it for yourselves and the baby's
name will be on this board but you will
have to actually find the name wouldn't
that be fun I think that might be a fun
little game for us to play you know and
then at the end of it when we have the
baby
there should be one name left on the
board and it's her name Janet Anna even
though you guys know her name is
Jonathan I don't know why some people
aren't believing me that her name is
Janet Anna but let's play this game I
think that's a fun game I think it's a
fun game or if you cut it maybe I won't
do it today
I'll wait tomorrow till I read your
comments if you can come up with some
sort of fun thing like that where I have
a chalkboard and I have magical chalk
and I have a wall and I'm thinking I
should put it on the wall if you can
think of some sort of creative way where
it can slowly reveal itself to you and I
think I'll be kind of fun thank you very
much you may be dismissed you we're home
it seems like it's really late it's not
it's actually just five o'clock did you
have fun of media
and now it's dinner time we have to see
it worried oh we haven't seen it wired
Oh yet today well I have but Amenia
hasn't ok Eduardo they're gonna leave
all he wanted to chase all he wants it
did you
guess you don't want any pudding then
man oh you okay oh no poor the media
cover your mouth when you cough for were
you born in a barn I'll head on me yeah
finish your dinner I mean yeah something
in here oh you want these how many do
you want
okay that's enough what you want
something to go with that oh sorry it is
what you know good choice no something
else
something good Oh
I present immediate one oh yeah you put
your arm red wardo all right I like my
arm rain you and luck we're a likely
pair the kiddos are in bed we're gonna
go ahead and have a look in these boxes
this came today this is like the teal
box pick a box big like what we just
empty it oh oh my goodness guys look
your man is tough what I just unboxed
everything for you but look at all the
baking stuff there's a crazy amount of
baking stuff like gingerbread kid Dori
cake kid I didn't open any think there's
still things to open I just took
everything out of the boxes like
basically it's toys Wow toys screen one
fairy tale Dexter into digger
Dexter game hey I'm gonna have hired
somebody he's gonna come and help us
help myself in Ireland a production
assistant Juarez I heard I had a job
going eight years ago well we finally
found the person to come it's gonna i
think I feel like it's gonna be a
brilliant help hopefully Ana's gonna
have regular content for you friendliest
friends is coming back we're gonna start
feeling we're gonna start making videos
more regularly just everything's going
to be great every day I hope so
hopefully it's gonna be more friendly
fan videos and maybe one of them will be
build your own snowman kiss kids are
just gonna eat it the palace guards look
at this stuff though oh these are
toddler
tells oh please oh that's cute look
they're like little penguins oh that's
good and we know what the way to use
them
cuddle dear little there are not two
baby one what people always ask them
what is our P o box address scores clean
future six floor sixty Charlotte Street
London w12 and you so everybody read
okay I've turn on the porch light
because tonight it's the Superman and
I've come outside to see if I can
actually get the super moon on tape so
apparently this thing is only gonna
happen every like seventy years or
something so you can definitely tell
like that sky look how bright this guy
is so look it's just got midnight and
yet look how bright this glaze this is
kind of disappointing oh man
oh is that it there right there what
what's happening here okay that's meet
me back here in 70 years I will will
make another video and we'll get the
super moon I'm sorry about that
I already hoped I was
I get you guys a really cool a super
moment situation but unfortunately
there's no super moon so I guess you're
just gonna have to live with a super
vlog instead give its video thumbs ups
and comment
