I got a replacement from for from for
Jonathan
I bought wanna be demoted to housekeeper
yeah yeah so I have been feeling really
uncomfortable at nighttime no I was
sleeping with a pillow between my legs
but our pillows are like whites big
they're like quite big and they're like
the feather ones so they're just very
like large and puff doc and sometimes
that yeah sometimes that doesn't really
work very well for when you're trying to
put something between your legs
everybody but you know what I mean
happen at ease before for the other kids
I had one for ya both wasn't it or fair
Amenia no it's exactly the same it's
exactly the same what you do it's
exactly the same it was a dream Jeannie
but I got rid of all my stuff and
removed so you sleep no the other way
yeah you sleep in this bit and then you
cradle this bit and you put your leg in
between and then that is back support
yeah yeah
look so I got one of these for it as
well it's a girl by the way it's not boy
oh it's okay then yeah you should hold
that pink oriental blossom pillow cover
because that was what I didn't like
about it though was that he times you
know when you're late to bad movies you
can come
I think it's changed because before I
wasn't able to wash it and it went all
like yellow and stuff from like fake tan
but this looks different this is an
actual cover so maybe I I can't remember
but anyway she's leaking on I put some
clothes on her always that Chloe's nice
to put it on and that's having an affair
guys wait another woman you know what
isn't so it stops your Betty from what
lying in the ground no it's just more
uncomfortable for some reason when
you've got leg when your leg is like
elevated yeah and then also yeah you're
funny when it's not a bit more support
guys there's a new mommy in town mommy
got a new mommy daddy's replacement you
have to you have to call that daddy now
that study yeah it's fun that confusing
but yeah yeah cuz I keep thinking it
every single night like this is so
uncomfortable and then Jonathan's like
what like the cushion I'm like I don't
know I don't know so then I finally did
it and you got a cover for it and I got
a cut
happiness maybe if I keep this what you
think oh he can save it
oh yeah yeah probably doesn't get off
faked honey oh oh you can change that
singer
look it's voted product of the year for
a magical night's sleep during pregnancy
if that only works if you do not have
toddlers that sneak into your bed at
night why don't you use it what you
should use Eduardo as this thing if you
put it between your legs
oh geez no Nevaeh so I was just in here
prepping for our roast dinner and
realized that the TV was on but no one
was in there I thought like the kids
were watching TV no me I thought the
kids are watching TV because Peppa Pig
was playing and it was driving me insane
and then I go in there's no one in there
it's just playing for no reason I'm
watching our live stream because I am
narcissistic like that no just kidding I
like watching them back because it's
kinda interesting and I'm prepping for
our roast it's three o'clock
I told Jonathan this takes three two
hours it actually wanted takes two I
mean it only takes one and 45 minutes
and hour 45 minutes what I mean to say
these are all my ingredients I'm
changing it slightly from the actual
recipe and we'll see for this roast
chicken dinner
you will need according to Jamie Oliver
but then I changed it according to Jamie
Oliver you will need an organic free
weight free weight free-range chicken
then you will need some carrots 500
grams of Kara
600 grams of potatoes one lemon one bulb
of garlic 5 sprigs of thyme fry 5 sprigs
of rosemary and I think that's all he
said that you need Oh olive oil
in here there should be some because I
think I bought some more yes I did I did
because I'm clever and I realized we
were already out oh she says as she
spots the massive thing over there oh I
just I had a moment the other day when I
was like oh then what I've added is
organic chicken gravy
and Yorkshire puddings really bad for
you but you know it wouldn't be a proper
roast British Rose dinner with that
Yorkshire puddings now that Jonathan and
I have tasted them multiple times for
used to it and we don't want to go back
I've preheated the oven to 220 and now I
have to scrub trim and half the carrots
scrub peel and half the potatoes and add
to a large roasting tray which we have a
larger sheet tray
okay I thought we did maybe we don't
this is what it looks like so far
got all the veggies with some olive oil
and rosemary and garlic your what now
the chicken is in there
and I put salt pepper olive oil on top
and then I shoved a lemon and some thyme
up it's bomb which was disgusting I'm
really uncomfortable with this handling
raw meat Oh
but anyway okay I think I put this me
over now and we should put a check one
will see duper yeah
place the chicken on the tray reduce the
oven temperature 200 degrees stuff yes
then add the chicken and roast for about
45 minutes it is ready guys my first
full roasted chicken it's going in pray
for me okay pray for me and it's
ah there we go that was really hot okay
now I've done everything because
everything is touch draw me do it I'm
gonna freak out
oh it's a wild laner but Ana has created
an amazing roast dinner look at this
guy's
I'm just carving up the chicken here but
congratulations and a ciccone
that looks so good isn't it for your
first ever attempt at a roast this is
amazing look she even got the puddings
whoa I've never even cooked those
puddings are you guys excited kids are a
little bit tired you excited guys for
Yorkshire pudding have you ever had a
Yorkshire pudding before eduardo have
you ever had a Yorkshire pudding part of
struggling with life at the moment
you guys ready you fill it with gravy
sorry
Wow guys you are the luckiest little
children in all of England what do you
say no no I'm gonna make you know what
do you say to mommy guys good girl
roeser's look at this oh my goodness
when I was a kid what we would fight
about what's the skin of the chicken did
you ever have that cuz it's running like
a certain amount of skin more yeah now
see I like work we actually work out
well because I like the white fluffy
meat and Hannah likes the legs this is a
sundae that's this is a real sundae
are you excited try some Yorkshire
pudding yet guys no oh yeah yeah taste
it what do you think is it yummy hmm dip
it in the gravy it'll get all sorts of
even better was it was it so tasty oh
look at the jaws going mental
anyway we had the roast dinner and now
we're going to eat mommy's shoe okay let
me let her show you which bitch she
wants
Oh water please come over you flip it
over is a Louboutin break off the heel
break it off Oh your heel just snapped
do you want some oh do you want to eat
mommy shoe now
wardo and Amelia for the future do not
go up to our bedroom take mommy's shoes
and start chewing on them because it's
not the same thing I don't want to
confuse you here for a moment
Oh a bowl full of you is it good I'm not
a big fan of white chocolate but what's
the like wait do you remember the Milky
Bar kid Germany is a little kid with
glasses on and it was like a cowboy
named rocky market wonder what he is now
I know many of you know and you're gonna
leave a little know just like under live
stream I was talking about what my
sister used to love this show with the
engineering the Anna woods and flatten
there someone tweeted me and that
Jonathan Taylor Thomas was in it and if
something brothers brotherly love
he that was good you know everything
you're amazing
anyway oh you forgot to fill the shoe or
chocolate bread pudding is a shoe good
mm-hmm
a roast dinner and a shoe the
second-best bit a better roast dinner is
that the sandwiches you get the house
the next day or for the next two days
I'm on the leftover bitch oh look the
wishbone is here do I make a wish on it
what you want to see the wishbone okay
you have to do it in your little finger
yeah you gotta put in your little finger
okay you have to make a wish though all
right so hold on hold on hold on think
your wish what okay hold on I stink of a
wish okay go
oh it's too slippy go go oh hope you
made a good wish
did you don't tell us it won't come true
oh you better did you take it seriously
yeah well I hope
