good morning friends it is Saturday
morning it's quite early meanings
western your iPad it wiring on the
stairs over there watching The Lion King
show on his iPad we're up early because
myself and Anna we are heading into
central because we were going to the
Mumsnet panel thingy well hopefully
Amelia hopefully mommy and daddy are
gonna get back in time to bring you to
dance party otherwise you're gonna have
to go on your own well with Eduardo and
obviously the person who's gonna look
after you the balloon the balloon can
drive don't worry the balloon is a fold
the balloon has the full first aid
certificate you know the balloon is C or
be checked
you know so and there's some concerns
about the balloon looking after the kids
but on way this balloon is very well
educated very well trained you know I
thought that the weekends that the rules
this normally we're happening we're
trying to have lions so we let the kids
have the iPads but unfortunately have to
drive a car down what is the other fauna
hello why no do you want to come let's
go G then yeah
alright fellas hate you pop it's a
little bit rainy are you going boy I
didn't see a PA to you I don't take you
P tighter I don't blame them slashing
rain lads does you pee would you pee in
the garden in the rain huh
leave me comments of what you have for
breakfast yeah everybody need comments
what they have for breakfast and we can
we can have a lecture and maybe we can
get ideas for dinner breakfast is
whenever I'm in like a hotel or
something right and somebody else is
making me breakfast I will tend to go
with either like an English breakfast
too hard Irish Breakfast whatever like
you know sausages
black or white pudding I don't like that
pudding my putting poached eggs big fan
of projects someone can get like toast
and avocado and some like juice himself
if I'm at home here and I'm doing it
myself I'll always go with like porridge
twenty blueberries very specific has to
be twenty blue breeze a cup of coffee
and sometimes equal NOLA bar
I need a shot oranges distract their
proceedings off and about order yeah so
I leave me comments let me know would
you have for breakfast we all consult
each other's breakfast situations that
was the breakfast sense all right to
rainy day a rainy day games has pepper
table day all right the producer shop on
the Irish people and yet have funny this
shoe shop is shoes yeah you mentioned oh
I do like to be beside the seaside it's
such a lovely day for a walk in London
oh all right leavings right here
somewhere that's a cool looking building
we were in Quinlan and Street Oh get in
here this is my bride
is that open yeah it's just going anyway
Oh
we're on a giant escalator I'll look I'm
wearing at these inserted ones that I
wear I have the green thing on them I
broke out the green grey ones this
morning that they got the green 1:30
yesterday
oh my goodness all right this is really
funny okay so Oh buddy eight years of
our career we do a lot of freedoms with
the first we will not ever being to the
team declined it but it's the most green
I've ever seen in the green room huh and
we got here before Vivian or inside the
you tube inside of the you cheap lies I
don't know my goodness I'm getting one
of these soon there's so many babies
here I would be broody but we have one
so I'm okay bear
all right we are finished our family
thing oh my goodness everyone having me
babies
thankfully Anna is pregnant otherwise
I'd be so broody but I got to sniff and
then the baby's head who's I get 12 big
old
I cannot wait to sniff a baby I feel
people there kissing sniffing ah they
should that
Oh what is it this is baby a newborn
puppy yeah puppies is nice
among another puppies paws puppies paws
like he's this
I'm gonna cheat we can make this
birthday party guys look at that rich
this we could be to drop one of the
house oh that was nice
all right we are back from the partay
and Amelia got a thing but it wardo did
not because technically speaking the
duardo wasn't really active party he was
just like a plus-one yeah I know he was
active party but he was like a plus-one
at the party but you guys are gonna
share come on inside
well yeah we're gonna open it up we're
gonna share it on the guys because
that's what boys and girls feel okay
okay okay okay I'm gonna share it guys
ooh you got a cup you got a oh wow okay
take your hats and scarves and hats and
gloves and jackets off oh uh clothes dad
is that what your Heco's okay okay okay
okay okay all right open the presents
now there's a slinky what you want from
a popcorn you are not a rainbow drops
whoa look at wired Oh God
you got rainbow drops I think they're
color D popcorn you go
you got rainbow drops I'm a little media
get a slinky do you think he works so
you don't want to slump you want a
lollipop like in the world yeah do you
know how to think he works it slinky
ones then the stairs
thank you works oh okay Amy pop what uh
no it's okay
yeah you you go ahead and have it oh
there's the balloon that brought the
kids to the party wasn't it bloom very
good bringing this to the party and
taking care of you all day good balloon
you had chocolate cake guys whoa whoa at
the party I know it was a soft way party
with chocolate cake
Johnson cartoons on another very good
and exciting news delivery has arrived
in our town all right we are going to
get some food cuz it turns out that the
live room he's not entirely ready yet
actually that sign is that they're
looking for drivers they're not actually
ready to deliver food so I have to be my
own delivery vahana has their own
personal delivery service and so do the
kids I'm also a taxi driver and a food
connections right for a guy okay mister
you up in here
Oh fireworks wowsers you have been
cracked
alright you have been I'm gonna get your
seat okay
ah alright wait there wait there for me
okay all right grumbles okay let us go
Eduardo on our adventure to get to get
some food we are going what are we
getting again oh you're getting pasta
I'm getting pots everyone's getting past
that we opted to get a pretzel pretzel
pretzel on a rainy whoa there's
fireworks everywhere it's like fireworks
a month isn't it it's more like
fireworks month then it's like fireworks
night because it just seems to it seems
to go on forever anyway
disengage lights Oh a park by a tree
hello mister oh my goodness are you
actually asleep did you actually go
asleep
come on let's go get some num nums let's
get some num nums what okay I have to
carry him to carry you like ten steps
Eduardo surprise Oh ooh door is open
doing a walk from here you sit down
there mister what you think that is it
in your pockets
it's a media shell did she oh yeah
it's a DS right oh oh it's a takeaway
menu
what is this fighter down there yeah
we're gonna go in a minute we're just
here to collect the food it's a
collection situation it's not like a
city and dinner your ear now is exposed
you have an exposed ear you do not want
to have an exposed air mister we got our
food you want to carry something for me
get the hold right that no no no you
gotta hold it like that
go well mister it's your job
okay guys we got home late and then we
got really tired and we forgot to end
the vlog Anna's here hi hi
but we're in the middle of the light
right now so I'm gonna get everyone
everyone in livestream say something
monumentally amazing to make the end of
this vlog epic so I don't mean do this
thing all right go for it
I'm reading the comments of the thing
we're going over Twitter second go go
say something amazing save the blog I
think it's only delay is it on today I
see some haze I see Emma Rosana Miki
Beth Salma curb you done
Eva livid stem what I don't know
/ - thank you
thank you
