hello he just walked past you like uh
when you do in kitchen all right hold on
I turn it off this thing because I have
the laptop on here so I need to turn the
volume off on this okay that's that
everybody join in I didn't I did not
draw a chair don't despair all right you
don't put their news way it's it's the
Sunday morning destruction that the kids
do they weren't that bad actually they
did however eat a sneaky cross on yeah
let me see if I can
did you eat this I can press on
immediately we shared it okay hold on
look at its carry on over here you can
look at this this is Eduardo seat
this isn't me Missy I know no no we just
got a some Amazonians the doggies want
to grab for a minute are you there what
anybody else in around in around once
the stream kicks off lads you're gonna
be stuck you want some water
right no oh that didn't work
he's behind you it's behind you I went
over that side all right come on guys
inside
i'll be i'll be i'll be come on
slowpokes
oh you're chinese that's like what you
do try to get the toys bye see you later
you got the toy come on
I'll be all right that's right oh let's
try and turn this thing right okay
just waiting on Alvey we're gonna get
formatted in a sec you with the
questions everything we just trying
trying to organize it
I'm not nice guys don't be fightin is
the lifestream know everyone Oh
can you show water heads together can
both of you get it together
denne denne denne denne denne denne
denne ten ten ten ten ten ten ten
all right not creepy Anna quickly lock
it lock it is there suddenly one right
there lock the kids in the cage no then
dan dan dan dan dan dan dance eduardo
that bunny alright don't forget your
ball ball did anyone know what that is
you're always saying to water bottle
hanging it's like these guys on vine are
trying to Instagram netid vines gone but
they're really funny what our names yeah
you guys should look them up they're
hilarious
oh the church it's like you're trying to
do this at British accents and it
started off as a one time for a joke and
then it kind of spiraled out of control
and then H alright organize ourselves
you know oh my goodness speaking of
Kiwis cheers and equate near Christ
chirps this morning oh my goodness my
sister June guys remember that big
earthquake that happened about four or
five years ago that happened near
Christchurch in New Zealand that's why I
hope you eat
my sister was actually there at the time
of it subside like there is an
earthquake and is even for you guys do
you want to see the other room and see
what it's like and see if this noise in
there all right
we have pings mommy and daddy I answer
these peoples questions let's see this
movie time time the kids do this right
this is to stop the dogs from getting in
here this is a little system this fight
away is you know if he were always
asking me who looks after the kids when
we're out this is the balloon here the
babysitting balloon that always looks
after the kids it's probably I probably
rescued her it was probably a rescue
situation those DVDs a pretty phantom
what all right you guys put on some
movies just take on the movie charge you
guys wanna watch Housewives of New York
all right okay hi there hi there
okay let's get ourselves situated let's
get ourselves situated you know man how
many times have I come here to get
myself situated ah okay now where are we
all right let's get the questions what's
going on is this working
oh yeah gee Conor McGregor
wait no no okay so I've pulled a ton of
questions just like we did last week we
pull a ton of questions so we can ask
you guys I'm just gonna read comments
maybe stream they're all waiting we will
not be prank calling anybody that's for
sure we're not prank callers that's not
we do where's me second boat okay all
right check the floor maybe oh here
all right anyway all right first
question
okay you guys go swimming yeah that's
just beats treaties question one honest
Taccone Julie whiny did we break the
gingerbread house I saw a lot of
comments that day on the video asking me
why we broke the gingerbread house do
you know yeah you know why it was so
hard to break because it was so moldy
and solid and gone off we had it nearly
a month me it was about a month so it
was like rock solid and really hard to
break and then we asked United we said
like what are we doing it and I was like
I'm just gonna throw it in the compost
and then instead of just rolling in the
compost
always like all of its like let the kids
have a very fun and smack it around a
bit and that's it know what it's
decorational peace it's not meant for
actual consuming we got ones from John
Lewis the other day they're actual ones
we're eating no no gingerbread man yeah
yeah I'm sorry gingerbread man from John
Oh John Boy all right Johnny miss Lewis
oh yeah
so I'm what did I come from Jim isn't
here John Lewis no please
so yeah that's their that's the drama
that's a gingerbread house Kate this one
does not see comments about the funny
thing is with the old Internet's how do
we actually fed the children and the
gingerbread house everyone would have
told us that they were all going to be
poisoned and died and then we destroy it
and they all told us terrible and we
given up you can't really win sometimes
with the old internets so I did what I
wanted to do and how old are your
viewers someone asked is on I've seen
just a lot when people say like I must
be role as fewer and I must be a
youngest viewer and stuff like that I
think the best way to think about it
however old you are
that's how all our viewers are we have
viewers but I sometimes you know like um
six and seven-year-olds come up and
write comic
you're like not that often but then we
get 60 year olds in 70 rows or watch our
show for you I think our main the number
one demographic that we have is people
who are over between 17 and 35 kind of
20 to 30 20 to 40 I would say 20 to 40
will be the main guy and then obviously
13 to 17 there's no losing them as well
and then it kind of like the other two
ends or a bit smaller you know but it's
a show about was everyone actually
giving me their age 12 12 26
10 11 14 11 14 12 16 10 RT it's real but
good the thing is right people miles
ripe old age I don't really um I watched
a lot of YouTube I just don't really
comment on a lot of YouTube because I
can't read or write at my Frehley I
can't even see gonna hope that answers
the questions hundred forty-seven Arora
Iverson is a hundred and forty okay okay
hi I'm Jordana saucony Julie Julie what
would be your biggest YouTube oh is that
what that was
yeah a Co MP le m en t accomplishment
Italian for a college like I'm the speed
right sleeping well biggest compliment
probably reaching opinions
Piper's right I'm hung at me yeah no but
I mean I got was pretty good about seven
or something so what to me I think my
biggest YouTube accomplishment was
reaching a manatee privacy I definitely
did you take a while man
but yeah so I kind of forget about it I
haven't got my friend his friend
Silverlight yeah yeah thanks are you
reaching median because I never thought
that was I definitely I remember
thinking when we were about six or seven
hundred thousand honor thinking like
yeah we're we're not the kind of channel
that's gonna hit a million subscribers
we're not that kind of channel like i
never told ya yeah yeah you thinking
like no no no that's for like the
superstars of each you we're like now
we're just like you know we do alright
yeah so now I'm like oh my goodness like
I won't myself I'm like someday I'm
probably probably going to hit two
million subscribers and it's kind of joy
hey the friendliest friends get two
million of it so anyway hitting a minute
subscribers I would say both of us would
say is our biggest the billions in there
with them where is it on TV but the ads
on or something no it's just cuz
monsters university is in different
credits no okay what is your favorite
thing you don't really learn you kind of
do why is your favorite in my daily
blogging what is our favorite thing
about daily vlogs
well you don't really debut dog I do
you're not even in yesterday's okay I
don't think over my asked you for the
goodness you do alright anyone out there
who does the daily vlog right whoever is
their life
prime vlogger editor person is always
saying to the other person did did you
not feel much where's me good you know
are you cameras you've cards you all the
support so we think that from future
forward ya know cuz our table tell me if
you don't see footage newbie eyes that
was too much
I didn't like him went to fear me and so
I can never do anything right he's not
my like it's not the same as with my
channel where I know what I'm gonna put
in it is kind of hard sometimes when
it's like shared because I've seen is
yours more so and so I don't have your
vision in my head of what the day like
what you were planning for that video so
sometimes if I give you like I can see
it from both sides how it will be really
frustrating is I gave you might below
two footage in your like so it's kind of
hard to like oh yeah cuz I always trying
to make our videos interesting I never
try and like if I find myself bored
watching you clip sometimes will just
delete that clip or I'll just chop it up
yeah you know so it's hard when anyway
what is my favorite thing about daily
vlogging oh sorry
what's your favorite thing about
thinking about me um getting to see like
look back on things yeah I that was my
answer to be able to look back when
she's times that was really stressful
book you and so you didn't really feel
like you were living in the moment like
when Eduardo was first born and we
like a toddler and a newborn and that
was really hard but now when I look like
being able to look back on that is
really cool because I can be like oh my
god I feel like I'm not that I missed it
but you kind of do because your lack of
sleep like you're really tired but you
know everybody lives in this ology you
know the way you did and let's how you
end up with that girlfriend or boyfriend
you break up with them and then it's
really cool yeah and you do kind of
think that you know it wasn't at the
time it's really hard but it's really
nice because it gives you a really good
time the longer we do it the more like I
think you know I wouldn't be upset but
we're gonna go into year 7 and then if
we keep this up for there's 3 years we
live actually a decade if I keep this up
until I'm 40 I'll have a decade of my
life what we we let's do it I'm gonna
make a deal we don't mean like you might
have a decade of your life on tape and
the decade that we caught was like
graduating uni you know I mean from the
point where we are a
boyfriend/girlfriend to like where we
are now yes but turn is Dec it ends like
without what oh yeah yeah oh you wait
the guys a bit you know you hide your
21st birthday party in University you
don't have to specify what happened
after that but we played yes that's why
everything is that capturing the
memories yeah yeah especially away the
kids because I have a parents so fast
and then you forget and then you look
back you're like oh my god I can't
believe they looked like
I cannot wait till they're all I cannot
wait till Eduardo's my brother my
brother has a son and they play the
PlayStation together and I'm like I'm
when we play online I can Dylan
sometimes takes the headphones and he's
talking away and he's doing soap and I'm
like I cannot wait till the duardo is at
an age or maybe a media but I don't
think she's gonna want to play me um you
know I can play like Call of Duty or
something or weighted wired or like oh
my god they call an air boy don't be so
much fun or Lego or better place did I
go to the Sun I'm like there's so much
fun but then when I get to that point
I'm like well I still want to experience
the two year-olds in the tree growth and
a four-year-old and five-year-old
Eduardo maybe six you're gonna like yeah
seven now you know so it's like I want
to experience also I haven't haven't the
video is it's cool it's like a diary but
it's like it's like a watchable one I
know what is the worst thing about daily
vlogging having to work every single day
for six-and-a-half years without a day
off
passive-aggressive I concur there yeah I
I really enjoy it though he's probably
one of them is just not like one more on
holidays well it's like but then I know
I don't I contains man I never blame a
lot worse you know because I got into
YouTube after having like 15 or 20 years
of working you know I mean of jobs and
like we D crack jobs and really horrible
bosses and and just jobs I hated and
then doing this I'm like well every job
sucks man like you know YouTube gives
you freedom in some areas and not in
other areas
you know so yeah like I think you are
kind of tied down to the fact that you
always need to be in a place with Wi-Fi
you always need to be able to upload
like it doesn't matter what we're doing
life is a commitment there's been times
where I taught a class last September
last Sorento we had planned in June that
we were not going to vlog Sorento we
were going to take ten days off or two
weeks when we went for and we're going
to pre-record
like tying some challenges and loads of
fun videos to upload while we were away
in sorrento but then everyone leave me
comments with you're excited for just
reading notes about that and i just get
like cuz you're my friends you don't
mean I'm lying because I'm not we're not
like Jen we're just normal people and I
feel like I appreciate you guys watching
her I feel like everyone's just friends
so I'm like I really don't want to let
you guys down it's been like six and a
half years at six o'clock every day I'm
like what would you guys do come on in
another video for you but don't take
don't don't take it out like I'm like oh
if I need a day off I'll take a day off
and we'll just figure out a way like
sometimes if you notice on a video that
Ana has flopped more that day than me
that's because I knew I just needed time
you know sometimes if a vlog starts
really really late it's because I need a
time you know but I still love it I
still love YouTube today as much as I
loved doing it years ago you know I
still have a lot of fun yep there's some
weird fetish channel linking yogurts
there's some weird stuff on YouTube
these days okay moving on what is an
eating show an eating show that is the
thing isn't it what are you most excited
about with the new baby
yesterday yesterday we were at the thing
you'll see in the vlog in a couple hours
that's going up and we're at this event
yesterday and mom's never running a
global blog fest and we did this talk
and afterwards lots of people came over
to talk to us and they all had babies
with them and people were like handed me
babies and I was like handed me babies
but I was holding a funeral and I was
like sniffing them and all this is like
like I love the smell you're at smell
puppies and babies like the smell of
them when you first get them like I can
still remember going into the hospital
being so flustered winning media was
born like and going in and remember like
sitting there to bed
I don't like picking her up and I
changed her nappy and being like oh my
goodness and then it's green like what
the hell no joking poop baby some green
food or black poo yes weird and then
it's like would change that nappy and
then you've got the umbilical cord I
totally forgot that Wow
it was literally 18 months later you
know I got it you know what I'm most
excited for when I go home and I pick up
a meeting Eduardo and I bring him into
you and you will be in the bed with the
baby and I'm gonna bring Emilia and
Eduardo up that car door in and like
we're gonna be introducing a new baby to
our other fan I like that it's just
gonna be it's gonna be equivalent to
when we brought a media home and the
dogs came up to her I'm gonna like
sniffing her and licking
we were crying and stuff like that you
know it's like it's like that moment are
our new pack this is our pack and our
pack is about to meet the newest member
of the pack and it's like that's just
gonna be I mean it's gonna be like into
our everyday he thought she was he is
warming up dude is what we go to it
sometimes I got hip baby may be dead
okay so I always getting a bit emotional
there actually
whoa okay why Jane
where do we take the kids to Lapland
turns out we are our mate we're gonna
not land very shortly I'm really excited
that it's supposed to be the best Santa
Claus experience in the world so yeah
we're gonna live life shortly I cannot
wait that it's gonna be an amazing blog
look for tonight Christmas wonderland
we're bringing the sadik's with us as
well that's Louie's ibn Zaid I don't
Sabrina babies are daddy
toddlers are daddy to meeting Sarah I
don't thank you the daddy what it helps
to thank you okay
strangest strangest thing anyone has
ever sent us what's the strangest thing
you ever been said we'll call it an
appeal box or add meetups what's the
strangest thing we did you cuz I was
interesting
no but I'm worried if we actually say
what the strangest thing is what if
somebody tries to eat the other person
and said there's something he's in one
strange okay what is the best thing you
know is ever sent you
let's just flip it but then I know what
I don't want to sound it probably those
little jar things that have like notes
written in of like oh we feel like we
did it when you're sad or like read it
when you're if you guys watch on a
snapchat you would know that I don't get
sent anything so I don't know you
actually do but you never want anything
I'm gonna get anything I'm lying I'm not
calm down I'm not don't send so okay I'm
not I'm not saying it that way I'm just
like it's just funny yeah it's just
funny that like when when stuff comes
it's myself Joe Alfie Marcus all the boy
all of the boys it's like the PIO boxes
come in and it's all like Tourette's
girls girls girls girls oh oh here's
some beard shampoo came on did it yeah
okay and who decided the baby's name and
why who decides all babies names I think
all of them were like a joint decision
has to be if you didn't like it you'd be
like I don't want to get we were always
going to call it where to Eduardo
thank you that was always gonna happen
yeah you know we we'd already called it
that Eduardo's been recoded wardo how
did it wardo come first and Emilia like
would it be you know he was definitely
immediate was our wedding planners name
so that's not what well it's not exactly
why
we like it yeah yeah but that's me yeah
like oh it's really nice so we named
that and then Janet Anna is because
obviously Jonathan and Anna do you think
it's really a nice name
Janet Anna Filipino or Phillip because I
don't know anything stupid
what did we call Gaius Baltar oh yeah do
you guys remember that
last year no not yet dear before was it
Eduardo we're gonna call the board of
Gaius Baltar it wasn't it was like Judy
Elmo oh gosh Baltar is from Stargate our
styles are night Balthazar
Julie I'm about dessert you can name
kids anything you want like stars and
nortz and west and south and east
rivers and Kyle isn't it yeah people
aren't going the traditional route like
John and Samuel and David Henry and Hugo
yeah Theodore his full name is Theodore
Teddy yeah okay pictures and the kids
oh yeah so someone I have to comment
said and how do you guys feel I would
talk this would be an opportunity said
how do we feel about the kids and photos
and stuff like that because recently we
started this thing where we seem start
to think where if like don't take
pictures of the kids if we're not around
and if we are around like I don't know
just we're trying to like manage them to
like just be as normal as possible
oh that's great that's great does
Jonathan have a woman crush because we
all like me too man who Anna's man
crushes I was thinking - and I was like
I don't know do I
yeah no oh like you always say that you
like
Angelina Jolie all Angelina Jolie yeah
she's changed she's single call me like
you always point out if you do I can't
think of lighting
I don't know anyone's names yeah that is
a bit of a problem if you arrant use oh
yeah Jennifer Lopez it's good
you kind of look like they're a bit it
made in Manhattan will we will we allow
the kids to have their own you choose
remember what you used to really like
Liv Tyler oh yeah she was cool you told
me not in Armageddon because I lash
feeding I was young I was confused yeah
yeah when he was like reading really
super young I'm in Titanic I had a
picture of him although my sister used
to like Jonathan Taylor Thomas and like
the Backstreet Boys guys and remember
the three brothers Jeunet show with the
two brothers no that's a band it was
like cheap brothers and they worked in
it no what was it called guys come on
three brothers they all work together
one was like a mechanic nobody knows
nobody's picking up what I'm putting
down
all right so best holiday ever
I don't know I really enjoyed the time
we stayed in that hotel and surrendered
the pool and Emilia was a baby that was
I really enjoyed that we're always
working
aside from night you just got out of it
maybe the first time they went to Disney
World
do you think the first time yeah
possibly a time he went to New York with
the kids was cool that's a tricky one I
I would have said the last time you went
Florida but because of what was
happening with the pregnancy
yeah I thought Hilux was amazing and
play good time yeah do you know what
that was good actually because we
finally we stopped doing we tried all
the hotel stuff and then we were like
let's rent a house instead of a hotel
yeah like had we not been going through
miscarry awesome
miscarriage it would have been a lot
better but all in all I did enjoy him
it's just at the time they were like you
know we should go more holidays in ten
years from stop I think kid's favorite
thing about Christmas yeah she left my
favorite thing about Christmas I don't
know I really like Christmas what's your
favorite thing about Christmas well I
try to pick different ones we hadn't
answered before waking up in the morning
definitely nowadays okay okay thank you
let's break up let's break it up mince
pies before you had children what was
your favorite thing about Christmas it
wasn't as good after being a child like
so being kids that's my me being a kid
and I'm the middle part it's just
appears you just kind of like you know
you're growing up Christmas Eve drinkin
is no because you're like anyway so then
I just found it got kind of boring like
you know because it's not boring it's
still cool but it's like the point of it
is missing and then when we had kids it
was like fun again hmm it brings back
when I was a kid every Christmas Eve we
would put on our new pajamas you have
like a shower your yearly shower you
have your shower right you put on your
like new pajamas and then you get into
your bed and it's probably like a new
duvet new sheets and so for that and you
snuggle up and you know in a couple of
hours Oh Santa Claus is coming and
you're like and you just go to bed right
and you're like gonna smell dog like new
new clothes
you know like detergent everything
you're so excited you'd be like trying
your hardest cos eat and I shared a room
my brother so we would like to eat for
five minutes and we'd sneak out and try
and like wait for Santa Claus and yeah I
think that's definitely my favorite bit
and then afterwards in the morning time
we get up we go to church and after that
we'd go and we'd like you to round up
everybody you know that she'd go like to
your aunt's house in your
and your neighbors has neat and then you
come home and all your on your stuff no
as a child I stress when I got older I
didn't do any of that stuff
but when I was a kid and I was been
dragged along bruised exciting with fun
things like open all your presents and
then that night it was just nothing like
it my grandparents come over and they
mean have to be dinner because my mom
was the oldest of all her siblings so
everyone come to our house yeah I feel
like nothing then I said slow down then
and we all got older and so for that but
now it's called my cup again because
it's like I can do that with a median
and water now I can like get them ready
for Christmas then like and I get all
excited and like build that up again you
know so that is my favorite as an adult
oh I think just doing all that again but
from the other side from a different
doing it again from a different
perspective I am now the parent I am no
longer the child you know but all the
same things just different
what yours would be yeah I think it's
just like when like wakey it always has
been is - waking up in the morning
they're like it's the only day once a
year that I like waking up early the
rest of you are so tired the rest of the
day though especially as but yeah I
think waking up in the morning seeing
the kids open their presents like
Christmas pajama and then just any older
kids get more excited I guess yeah maybe
it'll smell like that's why I don't like
going away at Christmas because I want
to have like it here and I want to have
it in our home last year memo was the
dis year last year we almost went to
Orlando for Christmas this year what's
the blue well I think we're gonna go to
economy where oh no it's that sure
because it's been around yeah we're
gonna go to Disneyworld for Christmas to
experience Disneyworld than Christmas
but we didn't go okay apart from the
kids what has been your greatest
I thought this is interesting because if
you said what you get is comfortable
you're gonna say anything anywhere
no but that's my greatest accomplishment
no so my greatest accomplishment is the
median Eduardo okay but saying then it's
like marrying you and then it's like
building our family together but take
all that aside all of that stuff
said no don't you lose scholarship every
year for the piano that's amazing that's
an amazing accomplishment yeah
the the the I represented
internationally with swimming I'm pretty
proud of that
my dance professionally I'll be
President I was in a boy band One World
Music Award I toured Westlife I'm really
credited osh you know I went I went to
university I went like I failed school
failed my evening sir didn't even do my
living search total fail total drop head
but then I turned my life around the 25
went back got a degree yes but you have
lots of things but I don't I feel like
my life when you started when I had well
I'm probably too good for you
I gotta be a big big cranber-- get out
there and get a job with a racing man
learning to drive that was pretty good
yeah I found out we have to do yeah and
you but you did it you went and you
passed your driving test that was
something that haunted you yeah for like
long time in your life it was this I
could even say it yeah but
that's it does your Dark Passenger you
beat yeah all right
most excited for in 2017 now there's
loads of cool things in 2017 come early
2014 I was like but unfortunately due to
end ubers and all this other stuff we
can't tell you a lot that that's one of
the crap is back to the start
what's the crappiest thing about being a
youtuber you're constantly do really
exciting projects and then you have to
sign these NDA's that you're not allowed
to talk about them so you're like guys
I'm doing something so cool but I can't
tell you about it it's like classic the
classic line but apart from things that
we can't talk about during some really
exciting things coming here I think
having having the baby news right we
shouldn't use resolution livestream
having the baby you Ana's gonna do video
things do freighter Dido it's not things
to do oh it's like pinky like to leave
that I personally want to achieve before
30 just having a baby and buying a home
I asked that is what I'm most excited
for I'm not like breastfeeding a baby
passing at the breastfeeding baby and
getting pregnant again and certain
exclusive yeah that's what I'm most
excited Frank you're having a baby and
getting them home and oh hopefully that
happens in 2016 but I don't know running
out of time of having the baby in 2016
we met somebody at the mirror thing
yesterday who had two sets of twins yeah
two sets of twins I was like oh my
goodness
we actually for for one or two or
something I had Wow
take a moment I applaud that lady no
because we had 202 for a while and that
was like I was crazy
what have you done we're gonna have
three under well my mom has five are
four kids under 14 keep doing it yeah
we're gonna 3 under fire like alright
that's it that's it for today folks
that's it for this weekend hope you
enjoyed the livestream today some of you
are watching your life some of you are
not watching it live but leave comments
and like the video and don't forget the
vlog is coming out later so you will
give miss pointer for the vlog for later
oh no I never ended I never ended the
vlog last night we didn't vlog last
night good retired in ourselves into a
coma so I need to record a little clip
hey guys
totally forgot it let's do it okay you
can be supportive okay guys we got home
late and then we got really tired and we
forgot to end the vlog and it's here hi
but we're in the middle of the live
stream right now so I'm gonna get
everyone everyone in a live stream say
something monumentally amazing to make
the end of this vlog epic so
all right go for it I'm reading the
comments of the thing we're going over
Twitter second go go say something
amazing save the blog
I think it's on a delay is around today
I see some haze
you see Emma Roseanna Mickey Beth Salma
kerb you done Eva livid stem what I
don't know hey guys thank you my friends
thank you yes that's we're looking for
okay all right I may not work out one
meet you notice me senpai any posse
alright goodbye my friends
I'll see you guys next time for the next
episode ah live at the Wicker I was
making a roast dinner for the first time
in her life today I think it is it's the
first time in our lives anyway
yeah even got a bird I'm excited so
that'll be tomorrow's love alright my
friends thanks for watching see you
tomorrow or in a while crocodile
