good 40 guys
like a wiki
wakey-wakey blue wakey wakey wakey eggs
big cheese don't stop copying me starts
copying me stop moving
I love to fix I'd rather stinky
perfection
sure son son son son son son oedema
depending on the method a job' head
they determine for the cattlemen Joe
Morgan a very good morning dr. magiot to
Connie can
son son son OD more depending on the
material
so na mo
Oh No okay Bardo Coco Coco Co da wheeze
guys it is -5 degrees this morning minus
oh my goodness oh my goodness it is so
cool it is the coolest day of the life
the coldest day of life today
welcome to the coldest air of life hello
there hello there Radek morning dramatic
warning what's up kids to school they've
got to get some stuff done and then
we're gonna see another two hours today
oops right this trip blew up two houses
today it's been very exciting do you
remember two weeks ago where I so
confidently announced it's happening
guys he's actually happening we are
getting a house very soon it's all come
together it's all it's all worked out
maybe it'll all just work out in the end
maybe that's how it works maybe it's all
supposed to just work out in the end but
tomorrow another big step forward I
think what today was a big step for but
- every day is a big set till our
process for tomorrow oh yeah huh guys
it's gonna be a fake in the next few
weeks mate I feel like we might even we
might even move into our new house in
the next few weeks still don't have a
house know that Michael Flatley Michael
Flatley
so we are going to bed well I say a week
I actually mean Vanessa
but I have not put her own Jonathan
didn't even open her curtains it's like
one of my pet peeves in life there's one
curtains are totally unique me
but before that I think I had to put
some cream on her nose and her mouth
like around her mouth cuz it's really
dry I know don't you you can take it all
out now she has a cold and every you
know with the wiping and everything her
poor little face is just getting so dry
I haven't put unless yet to bed in ages
because I haven't I just haven't seen
her because I've been out like I was a
help like two nights in a row even
though it was like one night and then
followed by a whole day out but
including the nighttime so I didn't get
to put her down
and she fed for like half an hour this
she fed for like half an hour this
morning it was so cute I really missed
her like obviously I missed my other
children as well but when everyone it's
like a baby and you're still
breastfeeding and everything it's just
you have like I couldn't like a really
close like bond like in that time you
know for the first year I think it's
like it's your baby you know and it
would have been the same with all of the
other kids it doesn't mean that I love
her more than the other two or anything
is just it's that like I think it's just
that bond like the baby like mom bond
when I saw her this morning I was just
like oh my god I missed her so much so
I'm really happy to be home
and happy that I don't have to go out
and do anything today like in London or
like work-wise cuz I just want to be
home with my kids
honestly the photo shoots and everything
like it happens like how often does that
happen you know and it's all it's fun
and it's cool like to get glammed up and
everything but this is honestly where
I'm happiest is at home with my children
like I don't want to have to like not
put them down or that kind of thing but
then at the same time I did have a
really good time and I really enjoyed
myself and benefit like always are so
accommodating and they were like bring
Alessia but it just wouldn't have made
sense because she doesn't need feeds
during the day anymore it's just
literally nighttime and morning time so
like early morning and then like maybe
one mid morning one bug I wouldn't have
been even like fair on her and to have
her hair there the whole day she was
much happier at home also this morning I
woke up and you can't tell now because I
put dry shampoo in I washed my hair last
night and now I had ifferent shampoo and
that weird thing happened where it just
looks greasy this morning you're not was
washed no I'm like oh I'm gonna have to
do this very liquid olive oil thing
again but I don't wash my hair very
often I only wash it twice a week so I'm
gonna have to wait until Sunday to fix
this like obviously I'm gonna style it
and stuff but I hate that feeling like I
just want to feel clean you know and it
does it's not as bad as it was back in
Ireland when that happened to me before
if you guys remember it got like really
greasy after washing it all the time and
I couldn't figure out what's wrong um
the only thing I can think of though is
that I changed I run out of my usual
shampoo and I just used another one hi
so I don't know if that was it but okay
I'm gonna put some cream on her face now
yeah I'm going to see another house
actually it's a few houses today
actually
I don't know where it is though it's
Alanya I have it on the map like it's on
this roof this is a really nice road
you're looking off are they is it an up
hazard don't know if pasta sauce close
though I kind of hope it's at all past
hello
I'm driving up and down the road where
are you okay dis working this person
I've ever met in my entire life you
stress me out so much where we work so
well it really stresses me I was like
that
tonight we're supposed to have we were
supposed to have date night which were
not usually and Jonathan was like yeah
yeah I organized babysitting I was like
I'm Rick I'm really sure you didn't
Jonathan the whole babysitter didn't not
know okay I out sourced the booking of
the babysitter and then forgot about so
I assumed it was done
he just doesn't heat like no like he's
just disorganized there movingly good at
the things I'm really good at yeah but
like you're just disorganized okay
and like I'm okay I'm not gonna say I'm
really organized because then he program
me like what actually but like generally
speaking that's why our marriage and our
managing of our children works we're
both good at different things if we're
both good at the one thing we'd be both
crying that's not the case but you're
just like when it comes to stuff like
that like now we're ten minutes late
like this is dry I hate being late I
don't I'm never late for anything on my
own
funny how when I'm with you I'm late for
everything hilarious
they're so comfy though but I look a bit
weird but I just didn't want my jumper
on that's quite a high in here there was
a heated bed which is very nice
I get waxed once a month but I do like
underarms bikini but say I have to get
legs done because they were getting away
bad and I honestly would rather to
bikini wax
now all that I'm used to it and I get it
done regularly I'll grab a joke bikini
wax then do it like wax
I think legs are so painful like it's
just I'm not praising myself like every
time I just think the sides of your legs
for some reason why is that the most
painful and I know before in the past I
would have deaf all the he like that's
like definitely the most pain folks it's
more sensitive but you do get used to it
um but I just I've never got used to
legs I love doing underarms I love brows
I don't love bikini but it's like
whatever but legs so sore oh let me know
what you guys think in the comments like
the girls at Arabs or people and their
that get waxed regularly like do you
feel the same way is it just me like why
do I get why are my legs you would not
think that your legs are the most
sensitive cuz generally speaking in
terms of body parts they're not for some
reasons with waxing they are anyway
johnny was gonna pick me up which is
three my stem because he had dropped me
here cuz after the viewing the house
viewings there was two and they kind of
ran over so he's gonna take me open now
so we are last yeah what's your name is
under parade she's in a little tractor
yeah just be careful okay just be
careful Jenny no Eddie I like you I like
you have your little it is parents
meeting tonight now are what did it take
to your teachers are gonna say about you
is she gonna say do you anything you
want to tell me before we go to can see
what it's in about an hour's time me and
mommy are gonna go Eduardo have you got
anything you want to say before we go to
parents evening
what are your teachers gonna say about
you because you can't see a ready coat
so Eduardo
what's your teacher gonna say about you
is she gonna say Eduardo's a good boy
yeah we're gonna find out so we are just
back from a meeting in Eduardo's parents
evening and we can report that both of
the children are doing well and driving
well auntie sorry yeah you're doing very
well so we're also supposed to go out on
date night because you keep me quiet
last night because of the supermodel
over here was busy doing photo shoots
but then it's so cold and that's just
like me let's just go home right the
babysitter is that the house we're
sitting outside the heads because we're
gonna let her put the kids to bed take
advantage of that much and let her put
the kids to bed she party has brought
them up and all but the last year needs
her bath so yeah we could we could maybe
sneak in and then let me just
oh we can see again anyway yeah so we're
just gonna get some delivery and watch
this what's the movie called I can't
remember the movie I'm waiting because
for Anna to come watch for ages but
that's our plan that's that plan it's
like just tomorrow to last a term yeah
yeah and then we're going on a little
adventure friends we're getting on an
airplane and we're going somewhere on a
little adventure on Sunday you know
where we're gonna go
it's very exciting it's probably colder
than this do you think possibly it will
be this little fella this little boy's
first time in an airplane well oh yeah
well I know wait
yeah I think so oh we got there squid
lads oh that's right we got the gigglers
movie kidding you know like a squiddy
man giggling like a squiddy man hello
everybody hello everybody
there's nothing in here for you I just
fed you all look what we found
just as we were about to watch clue
Cloverfield
we found this little munchkin he was
listening to me and mommy discussing her
and she's sitting there stuck
I heard you discussing me one look
you've two babies you know tell me now
mm-hmm let's go mommy my foods getting
cold
Oh
daddy doesn't have a baby in his tummy
hmm she did she say also said you were
good at logging and pranking your
brother
yes no she didn't because she doesn't
know those things I'm very proud of you
mean I thought Messina now climb on
board
mm-hm the daddy expressed to a bedtime
for bungo quiet what's that did you want
a cake hmm an iPad has been found under
stairs was this one looks like it
weren't us fast asleep
