well hello there good morning friends I
am heading out to get waxed I was trying
to explain to edoardo what that meant
cuz he was asking me where I was going I
was like he's like what are you going I
was like to get all the hair is taken
off me
he's like but it's not a very nice thing
Johnson always like have fun like I'm
off to the spa which you're technically
out cuttin a baton
it's technically a spa it's not fun it's
like one of those necessary things that
you just have to get done well you don't
have to do if you don't want to if you
want to you have to does that make sense
no but anyway not looking forward to it
especially excuse me can you please get
in like the buckle thank you okay
seriously what's wrong like sleep up
like why they're not working
why is everything difficult anyway this
morning I stepped in poo in these ugg
boots - to get it off but it was
horrific and amedeo I was like I can
still smell it mommy I was like thanks a
lot of me yeah so yeah that's all my
news today oh I know I have a quick
question for you um do you have a Sakuni
Jolie's calendar and are you planning on
getting one i recently well only
recently i've been thinking about maybe
stopping making them like shutting the
shop down there's still people ordering
them kind of like daily there's still a
lot of me or anything but it's not like
the main craziness of ordering it's kind
of slowed down a bit so I'm thinking
like okay well maybe I'll just like stop
because I have to actually go and like
buy out you know all the printing
materials and stuff where not and then
preprint a lot of them and then kind of
estimate how many people want them so
I'm not sure does everybody have one or
not so if you if you want a signal in
early 2017 calendar I would say link
down below Ciccone Jonny shop comm go
and get one because I think I'm gonna
stop them soon I'd love to be able to
offer you guys surviving
I just I can't just got all my waxing
done I always think I look kind of like
weird apperance cuz obviously all this
makeup has to be taken off to do the
eyebrows but I love my brows like she
does some really really good and it's
just really funny cuz I've got no makeup
so I always kind of look like surprised
or like my makeups weird or something
this is the little room I going and this
is heated which is amazing there's me in
the mirror I am Mac finished that was
really quick today was really productive
because I got the bag got my waxing done
I booked Amelia in again for ballet and
swimming because she was finished up
with both of them like ages ago before a
term started actually before she started
school but I kind of didn't know what
her schedule was gonna be like so I left
it until now but it took me ages to like
rebook everything in and she's moving
obnoxious do dancing at school anyway
but it's not proper ballet so she really
wanted to do because they don't call it
ballet at school because there's boys at
the school and they wanted to make it
like more unisex um even though ballet
can technically be any sex but you know
some boys don't like it if it's called
ballet or something so yeah I booked her
and for all of those things and the only
I haven't done is open on my video which
I have filmed ages ago and I still
haven't uploaded it yet this week so I
need to go home and do that but I'm glad
everything is done this on me son I've
I've got me all a little havoc on this
is meet Arthur she he ever drink what
I think that is closed for renovations
at elevations what am I gonna do guys
when there's three of you here in buddy
play grams I'm seriously concerns I'm
concerned for my well-being already
these two tests test my limits look at
this one look at this one this one's mad
this one is actually mad right this one
this one is also a mad mad mad matters
alright matters so are you gonna teach
your sister how to be on daddy
playground Haley was mommy's baby then I
like kami
I like Haley what do you mean you like
Haley what do you mean you're like wait
is your sister's name Haley
is it do you know where your sister's
name is you do what letter does the
begin with yeah again
damn dentist in Dillon is your sister
called Dillon yeah
no Dillon what if we called your sister
Janet Anna Dornoch ha ha yeah Eduardo
Amelia and Jonathan I know I would hard
to be what where did you learn that you
just made that up
hello how are you doing in the fridge
sorry that's what I seen here hello
I asked on that and Lighting's pretty
good here we got like this part of me
you would have ever known ain't fun look
really likes my brown who would ever
tato in fridge vlogging it's amazing
make your videos in fridges lads it's
the future because I'm making the school
lunch oh yes
that's why do that anyway Anna's making
this team lunch play today we're sitting
here and we said um that we we kind of
wanted to share more about the baby and
a pregnancy journey and their pregnancy
updates on itself but then we were
stopping ourselves doing it for kind of
two main reasons
why well glad you've asked me either
I don't know if you of everybody knows
this because some people might have
comes their child today but we
miscarried a baby this year and I was
really really difficult and I think
leading up to that moment we were very
naive with everything that could ever
happen to us and then when we got
pregnant again after that with our
rainbow baby I think we just thought
like I don't
like jinx it and even open to like only
recently I was still feeling that we
were going to jinx it right you're still
feeling like I don't want to talk about
the baby because I feel like if I talk
about the baby the baby exists and the
baby exists we could lose the baby but
we don't talk about it we can't lose it
you know and I don't know do you I feel
kind of comfortable now like a lot more
comfortable yeah yeah no no but the
probability now is how far along we are
is greatly reduced
okay so no not until they hand me the
baby and when they hand me the baby I
gotta be worried about contact and
Mellon gitis and everything else but
they didn't strange waived any me boy I
have to drain the water first you don't
put the water in this obviously another
reason why we haven't really spoken
about it or kind of given you guys a lot
of the information to help far along we
are and the hospitals were doing it and
stuff like that is again I don't know
how long a lot of you guys have been on
the channel but we have been the victim
of some pretty malicious trolling in our
time we're not talking so much about the
online stuff the online stuff isn't that
bad no no no the online stuff is fine
the comments whatever people say online
is fine cuz it stays online we're
talking about the people who take it
offline and go too far like find out
where we live we find out like credit
where the kids go swimming where the
kids go to football where the kids go to
ballet and then contact the kids school
their ballet school or swimming skills
go there yeah
yeah contact councils contact every just
give anything they possibly can do to
disrupt our lives you know like people
are like oh well then stop vlogging yeah
like you don't just stop doing something
because you're being funny placement
you're being like that's like giving the
message exactly I feel like anyway to my
kids if they were being bullied in
school like well I'll just take you up
to school or like obviously sometimes it
does get that bad
not like dissing parents that do that
but like just avoiding the situation
whereas like I I think the bullying
itself should stop not it's not my kids
yeah yeah I'm just like it's not it's
not here
right it's like it's like how many
people like like cuz we've got 1.7
something million subscribers and out of
those subscribers it's like five people
that you know me and you know and that's
it I know why would we punish every well
we kind of think we decided that we
would stop telling people to make sure
everything was punishing people or just
let protect we're just protecting our
kids like you know things seem a lot
team a lot camera now and you know you
see you think see when I camera
- are we chasing you and we're just
trying to get into the city room oh my
cheesy Oh try and catch me
looks like you want to be caught and you
think the trail right we're having
dinner cuz the kids are going mad we'll
continue that story in a minute
and I made some stir-fried noodles and
we're watching some YouTube ads I love
you too bad they're the best right
quickly remove the children from here
huh huh I never heard such a thing oh
you did you see my odd on TV I was
jumping on a trampoline
so John Lewis and justice'
this giant thing today wowzers giant
gingerbread and this is from the new
John Lewis trampoline ad this is buster
whoa big gingerbreads and then these are
like um customized they say median
Eduardo they're like ass stockings and
then all the doggies got like special
toys and then we got some like little
like Christmas tree ornaments they're
cool but you can't eat that
oh it's media are you are you showing
her the ad you try to cool Nicole oh
come on his phone
they actually do this though they'll
bite you guys okay this was not a plan
he just sort of happened but the
duvardos bad hasn't fully arrived yet
but the bottom part has and we found out
today it's gonna be another few weeks
but I know he really wants its bed and
hopefully if we're orders in the big boy
bag you don't need to get out of bed
anymore wardo you don't have to come
down to mommy and daddy's room anymore
you know we could stay in your bed would
not be cool are you ready wardo are you
ready
why do I got a sleeping bag don't burn
wardo it's a space bad guys a spaceman
bad
is that cool and your frame is come
hopefully do you guys love it it's the
same bed Amenia has wood out the frame
are you gonna check always soon he's
gonna used in a comparison review that
might come back and tell him I don't
mind the frame part that's that's cool
tonight in it the same bed definitely
right let's make a deal in his in the
same bed I feel so like when we get a
house ride and we and we develop it
waters room can we make it all like
rockets and stars and stuff I'm trying
vicariously that's I know I love that
team that rockets and robots and all
that kind of stuff because she is like
princess is not like boring crappy
princess stuff any cream faces
my name's Amenia
oh sorry okay that's the end of this
okay thanks a lot
let's go friends it's a bad let's put
this back yeah okay that was unexpected
but anyway Mara love the story baby is
great
baby is wonderful baby is happy we'll
start doing some updates going forward
about the baby if you promise to behave
but you're not your aunt you do behave
did you behave well they it's not like
you're nuts or anything
All Right see you later say bye friends
bye my friends see you tomorrow
