hello there and welcome to YouTube an
online video platform we're just having
to like kids all in school
we're trying to decide to reopen in
peanut walks I have been wanting to open
it for ages
Jonathan so Jimmy mess sometimes
wholeheartedly such day friends we are
going to look at another house which we
probably won't buy every one or five oh
yeah
yeah I know we are children in seven and
the other thing you know what's really
frustrating I want to decorate a nursery
room we talked about that last night
wouldn't you love to like have a room
now we could like painted and like wants
to buy a house that's a project I are
you think project houses have just
they're more interesting you can put a
bigger stamp on them yeah okay but we
don't really have that much time last
night you know what I think this kid is
against me because every time unopposed
and her pants well and it shows her
belly or something and then it's like
you're like oh the baby is kicking so
I'm like okay cool and then I put my
hand on it
nothing no no it's cuz no it's not
that's not what is the wife she was
kicking all night last night
she's just it's like she goes in cycles
sometimes when I tell you to feel is
like the quarter was like that was right
no no that was one no no when do you get
to see the hand look at the end
oh really yeah top we go and master I
can't wait though it's only so much fun
though isn't it yeah I won't be
horrified it'll be insane and crazy but
at the same time it's gonna be mad like
having a baby again
okay hello everybody
oh she asleep looking at their boobs on
yeah you gotta put the liner first i
think eduardo is asleep though you are
no oh we got it right owes me a bad
arrived guys it's this new and it's sort
of a new you know new style of bed it's
called liebe
you know we are we have to try to think
outside the box you take a bow at a boat
mm-hmm we talk to the kids who need a
street light for their house yeah so I
just probably just put it on just detect
it ah never do that by the way a bad
idea could end in tears dear light
manufacturers I hate when you do that
it's like a snapchat filter hello hello
are these the pajamas for Christmas
night they're so cute
oh that's a cool one Oh what they can
actually share them oh yeah like it's
for boys and girls that's cool I just
thought I like I like I like his one
yeah I like this one yeah it's good it's
very Eduardo you figured out show me
show me oh is that your hands can you
make a funny animal Holly oh yeah can I
eat you little boy your new pal you got
a new phone Wow can I eat you know found
yeah can I found home on your newfound
it's not here oh right
oh we're discouraging that carry-on
shouldn't a married a man buy media okay
now make sure it remember the balloon is
in charge do whatever the balloon says
come on Eduardo come on mate mates rates
Eduardo is going to stay and play at his
new school without us but every time we
go he gets a little bit more confident
and every time we go I try and like
stand back a good bit starting our last
time yeah I do if you like Stan before
you'd have to like I'd literally have to
bring him to everything every little
station and like show him what to do and
kind of hold his hand and he kept coming
back to me for reassurance but this time
it's just crazy how even though it's
only once a month or once every three
weeks depending on the month it still
actually has an impact I thought
initially that it wouldn't that it was
too like far apart I thought it should
be kind of more often boxy they can't
probably do that but no he's actually
like really thriving on it and it
actually proves that it really works
so let's see how he does today uh sorry
about that pregs maybe leave two belly
in the car and just hop out yeah uh-huh
okay mister you I'm gonna clip you but I
want you to run over to Mediasite okay
run over to your side and I'll get you
out okay oh okay
run to the other side thank you now you
another problem let's go to school mr.
Mann oh my God look there's Merry
Christmas
the Christmas lights are up what Merry
Christmas is always there no it's not
the merit down no the writing is always
now all year it's not much and somebody
just like correct him no it's not
we are okay Carl we're going to see some
houses now as a project explore Joe is
coming with us because he is special
this is more than lightly and no it's a
it's great too I don't know what that
means it means it's just really older
than it means it's pacted and all that
kind of stuff you know oh great -
there's also a thing that I need to get
for Amelia in right over there but for
passing in traffic hey I can't tomorrow
if anybody is on the council of our town
invite us to turn on the lights they'll
be cool imagine turning lights on I
don't know boy doe the light is red I
don't need to have a proper light
ceremony lighting okay I don't know I
haven't seen them turned on yet but they
definitely that wasn't that there's no
you weren't there still time call me oh
hello you don't I'm good do you want to
sell the house let's light a fire this
is definitely a project has like a big
project but I'm I'm willing I'm willing
to do the project leave comments should
we do the project lads
I'll surely not feel about a project hi
what's up with your face
what's up with your face no sometimes
your honor
you see something and you think this
would be a good idea I should get it and
then you do it and then they rise and
then you realize that you have to know
tell people that you're gonna buzz on
the internet nice you know the internet
I saw this oh geez
lots of things guys you want some of
these you can have them logos on 60 quid
on that one anyway I got two of them on
your sellers heads together
look at that what is that 850 grams of
Dairy Milk uh-huh we don't eat scrap for
date night I got dinner sorted look at
this Amenia would you like a piece of
chocolate look at the size of it it's so
big isn't it there's two of them it's so
heavy isn't it is it so heavy a bump
journey why do you have my crawl over
your face
Edward oh did you give it me there
tattoo you have it all over your face as
well do you have any on your tummy Oh
Oh No is this the Marcus from the boxes
oh my god what about your back his back
is all right oh no all right that wasn't
it I was unexpected I just wanted to
show you all my chocolate didn't realize
it was gonna end up with you why oh you
guys are so funny huh
did you who do you have some no no all
right well anyway we're getting out of
here guys we have to go on date night
you're a chocolate my truck to keep me
faster I'm gonna hide this away so you
don't steal it
give me my job wait wait give me that
give me that and I also went a bit much
and the old shopping nuts wait till you
see what Anna's orders oh my goodness
Steven come in these boxes what have you
got I owe you my thing
Oh she's crazy she's crazy is this the
parties challenge oh my god it all came
together it did look at the mob Oh black
earns an apple yes I know it's blue
Breeze in something no no oh wow it
looks good
that one's good yeah it helps lowers
cholesterol yes the heaps of fruit I
don't know Oh crazy
I see it's killer look it's Amazon
pantry I just feel like I'm lots of
Amazon product placing recently I don't
work at Amazon but if anyone's Ramazan
watch my videos what exactly is going on
here Oh ready
Oh just fired shots fired
what
oh I know I mean we did it all guys high
five high fives
don't leave me hanging high five high
five high five high five
boom that's my man walking down the
scary alley and date night okay so I'm
pretty scary it just ended right here I
think we're gonna go to Bill's for a
change just just to be different you
know what we're okay I was gonna I was
gonna walk down and be safety safety
first
well you know we're like we're we're a
diverse bunch of crazy people we'd never
do the same thing twice
never oh look it's empty
bingo where's free apples oh yeah shoot
your Tuesday are you all right oh my god
would you get
Indian fish curry I myself went for more
students I've always been curious
Tibetan steak and egg I've seen it many
few times I've made some alterations to
the menu I was a bit a bit annoying but
I think this could be good
it's a steak with like two eggs in the
top of it it looks so cool
doesn't it look at this if you guys
leave me comments you her hats take an
egg I'm right there Oh an one crest DIY
donut making hair right-oh
maybe make a little hole right oh my god
what do you see me making a chocolate
donut this is why I don't get it is that
the chocolate is awesome but the chopper
tonight for this kind of thing you get
cream and ice cream double whammy I know
some you guys are like Kelty in
character so and strawberry
automatically healthy get some tacos put
it on the strawberry now what you'll
find is that the strawberry will
actually remove all the sugar and fats
because it's like a vegetable or a fruit
because it's an apple in
