like yeah good morning friends it's
freezing icy cold bananas car needs to
be defrosted I think so I have to run
with a kettle of water you know specimen
but you don't need it howdy back we know
what I wash your window man no this is
cold water by Amelia okay have fun
I see my window here
alright alright
I ran then this edge drop staccato
filled of water SD folks don't put hot
water in your car because you might
actually break your whiskey whoa these
clothes you just caused oh my goodness
maybe we should start the principal
celebrations early because it's so cold
in Eduardo
I love you ah I think you saying that to
you guys
lads around their walkies you gonna walk
these guys P oh did you tell what
happened last night to your bum bum he
wouldn't even come into the house and it
was dark I mean and he was just standing
there like I've got some bit over
everyone I saved them for you cleaning
it he was like what do I do
I'm really going to enjoy my job I am
heading out to get my nails done I just
put up some new bird feeders they don't
know if you can see such an old lady
thing to say but I put up a little
doughnut one actually it's a massive
doughnut one and square Mike qb1 I'm not
a cube thanks it square just so when I
was pregnant with Emilia um I had
incredible nails like my nails were so
good they were so long so healthy when I
got pregnant with Edward it was the
opposite like they would just split all
the time they're really unhealthy blah
blah blah then this pregnancy has been
identical what's going on here they've
just been so good so strong so healthy
and then randomly this week are the this
past two weeks probably actually not
this week because this week they seem to
be back to normal but in the past like
two weeks they've been breaking and I
don't know why it's weird because well
it's actually only these two and these
two they just broke they just split not
split um tour you know I don't know what
color to pick I want to pick like a
wintry color but then at the same time
my over dark colors I don't really know
as you can tell this is a really
a really meaningful deep discussion
right now so don't need my hat scarf all
that stuff all right geez but it's still
pretty frosty out there stay frosty
we're gonna watch we're gonna mash it
mash it up and smash it up who thinks
Eduardo can smash it the best who thinks
Amelia can smash it the best me give it
a quarter and say thank you for being
our Halloween house no don't eat it give
it a card Oh give it a little cuddle and
say thank you for being our Halloween
house
Eduardo give it a cuddle come on it was
a nice Halloween house guys give it a
cuddle first thank you okay now it's we
put it on the ground first three two one
go
very well get your kickers Mauro it how
is the house smashing you give it the
biggest kick you've ever kicked anything
in your life here we go oh that wasn't
too bad was it
okay well from that distance all we
really did is we broke the back of it
all right
okay Oh has the front okay should we try
it from here okay let's try it from a
higher position okay that one flipped it
over but it didn't really do to
destruction that we wanted what do you
think what's the next plan a tiny bit
higher this is a tiny bit higher I steal
from here that's it okay okay
so from all the way up here okay you
ready guys oh no my goodness guys
you see my shed why to smash it
why no don't eat it no why no we're not
eating it right now we're smashing it
could you stop eating it Oh pull it off
no you did smash it
where's he going where are you going
it's not anymore literally eating our
home no no no okay you come you come
back you come back here don't you do it
don't you do it
one of my favorite dinners Jules is
pregnant pregnant she was past that even
though it's pregnant Hannah pasta but
pregnant Jules passes so good as making
it for me using some Cumberland
Cumberland pork sausages besides those
things YUM
so good it's got lots it's got like not
just something in it was my pine nuts
I know I know this one this one got
Chitti
yeah and we made that mistake once get
kids Chitti this is so good big fan
these lights are really bad everything's
really bad yeah well we have a sharpener
thing
it's gonna look like that's gonna look
better than that does it come with a
crumble or do I have to order that
separately like this is there this is
there the pregnant jewels part and then
the pasta your mule looks like snot but
it's not it's not not that's not pasta
sauce is coming along nicely and here's
the pasta I only cook with brown pasta
and they're one so only cook with brown
pasta now on so this is brown penne this
just looks like normal pasta sauce that
doesn't even look like it did in the
beginning it looks so different
Oh Eduardo before we read your books I
have an important question so tonight in
the United States of America which is a
very important election who do you think
is going to be the president will it be
Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton which
one this one in the front you one for
which one which one's gonna win is it
gonna be Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump
what is it going to be Hillary or Donald
Donald Donald gonna win
okay thanks let's go go find out
tomorrow if you're right Amelia just a
very important election on in America at
the moment for president tonight who do
you think is gonna win Hillary Clinton
or Donald Trump Hillary Clinton we'll
find out tomorrow
she is right good night Amelia come on
mister let's go back to bed
he's just to clarify okay I'm an Irish
guy living in the UK I just started to
be funny to ask the kids their opinion
we have no we love all the Reds and all
the Blues publicans devil demographics
or undecided by the time this video goes
up you guys already know we won anyway
or maybe it's turned into some huge
legal battle and who knows who knows
what the future holds but you know what
I do know do you know what I do know no
more of the frosted or the no more of
the fiendish fancy lads put them away
frost it right there just right there
from and it's not like we spent all day
all morning so Anna says that I can't
have these until we finish the fiendish
fancies which is unfair it's an unfair
dismissal but look at them mr. kit bling
also check out these chili and lime
flavors nice ones oh we got some Walking
Dead to watch oh we had a question right
so guys what do you think everyone liked
it mr. lighting lots of people were
asking for Anna to do pregnancy updates
and so for that we have our kind of our
reasons why we haven't actually been
doing the updates so much you know but
if you guys want maybe in these vlogs
and I can do a sort of a little update
thing you know us to be like the baby's
kicking at it's lots of stuff going on
and not sharing so are you willing to
share because they care if you care she
will share so show that you care and she
will share it's turned into some sort of
a poet there your daddy's daddy's boy
hey daddy's boy go to my sighted account
do you remember we used to have like
small temperature I'm sure we've had
this kick I think is this the oldest
piece of furniture we've ever had the
longest piece of French we've ever had
Amelia's bad the media's bad anyway look
this is cool I am if you're in the UK
right go to Amazon Prime sign-in buy it
you can get this and it comes out a day
afterwards so what's on on
I think it's on on Sunday nights don't
leave I didn't lick you through my
anyway yeah it comes out it comes out
like um I think I'm like Monday night on
Amazon Prime and on Sunday nights in the
US like I think that's really cool
that's without - watching I watched
ballers Silicon Valley suits Walking
Dead and the fall because I was waiting
through I finished that just finished
here today so I bought the season I'm
like oh yeah what's this about startup
anyway this one here please episode 3
alright goodbye friends see you tomorrow
let's save my friends any time any time
now you guys think you have learned say
goodbye to friends say alright fine
so my friends she's not gonna say the
white man see you tomorrow as well my
friends are
