this is my favorite kind of autumn day I
love it it's really cold really crisp
not raining not wet and for the first
time ever today Melia when I dropped her
off at school I went to the window to
waved her she was surrounded by a group
of friends and wasn't interested in
seeing me or waving to me which I wasn't
sad it was actually really happy and
proud because it means that she's
settling in really well and she's got a
group of friends so this is a new jacket
that's really tight rentable it's not
maternity but it's really nice from
Lululemon it's a coffee goofy actually
anyway it's my morning walk welcome to
it
yes I toss it with chocolate shoe is the
Choshu edible yeah actually it oh my god
this is white chocolate chocolate shoe
oh it is white chocolate it's quite
chocolate on the inside and it's Olly
Olly the lumpy thing no the problem
games what you can see me two million
calories what kind of personal trainer
bring their clients chocolate shoes that
is pretty bad as a trainer that I
brought you chopped man I know right but
no you should show Joe Lucy what you got
right
oh the fried egg free fabulous baby oh
my goodness look at that an egg day yeah
and see you were saying you were saying
I shouldn't waste any chicken our main
color is over 3000 what is that
chocolate I have a coke final to wash it
damage it's like a jelly hey you know
let's put my mother yeah sorry I think
that's what Anna's boobs are gonna look
like at the end of the pregnancy
the dead slow quick make sure your Rob's
on like they were left arm brace if you
think this is a game then I'll bet or
disc rush the world naked flatten please
just on it
I stand beyond my bars on my
self-confidence way with every letter on
my stress hardest to get up with the Sun
I make the best harvest from the garden
of the mind they say that's where God
the microphone check in the headphones
fit feel the bass in your chest feel
like your hands schools so I saw verse
all right ease myself in Eduardo team
cool dude
you got the bat my hat on we're going on
an adventure
we're always gonna adventures you and me
we're like team adventure man huh
alright ready first oh how was that like
Raiders you see the leaves
he's like at the least you watching me
do the leaves are y'all floating in the
air they float it up in the air well all
the leaves are brown all the leaves are
brown and the sky is gray sky is blue
siree dreams are California carried in
her nananana
on a winter's day does feel very wintery
lights
oh whoa there's the camera written
camera we can't afford a cool camera
tripod system so we're going with a
camera balancing act and said that's the
butcher Ciccone Jolie's is a is made on
a very small budget as you can imagine
this is the tripod it salts on my arm
it's a multitasking unit it's a tripod
it's an arm I use it for eating I use it
for filiming couldn't even afford a
proper casts I just use my kids all
right
i crack myself up sometimes and then
sometimes when I'm watching Mac these
videos I realize that I'm doing when
laughing and all my jokes even though
you may laugh at my joke 24 hours later
it's still only me here laughing at my
own jokes that's one thing I've learned
from doing blogging laugh at your own
jokes or I could put it laughter track
it
what do you think mister are you falling
asleep don't don't you dare fall asleep
if you fall asleep are no I'm gonna fall
asleep hmm what what did I just say oh
you got funny bunny yeah I cannot wait
though life you know the closer we get
to this pregnancy thing the more I think
about having a baby and then I've been
kind of recently I've been going back
and watching a lot of the old videos
I'll find like a media was a baby so we
first had a baby and it's just like I'm
so looking forward to having a third
baby you know like I love Amelia I love
it wardo and it's just like I want to
love more than that clip it's daddy
can I come in
okay bite oh sorry close the door okay
hmm
oh hello hello there is it your phone I
like your house guys can you do a house
tour for me no you're too big so yeah
I'm coming Boop
Oh where's your bedrooms yeah you have
no bedroom
you know let come in hello and welcome
to Daddy salon I have this little fellow
here of course it water really wants to
be here don't you really want to be in
daddy so long
okay now Eduardo will we tell them the
baby's name okay the baby's name is but
don't tell anybody I told you okay no
stops Alberto Pardo what are you saying
out there what don't be telling stories
it's John John Hana Hana Robbie Rosie
right you get your hair right
laughter
what has happened oh geez Robbie really
need to rescue
Rosie was asleep all alone because
Robbie was late for bed as usual Robbie
came storming in the bed Robbie had had
a little too much to drink
Rose he started getting annoyed at
Robbie Robbie woke up to they decided to
discuss their future together
Rosie made a fort so Robbie wouldn't be
on her side of the bed
I've got chickens in my pocket only good
job right now so got to Jim okay to to
our nose room we are testing the
durability of Eduardo's new bed Mesa
sisa man ah there is lava surrounding
this bed lava falling you know wanna
fall in the lava guys the first one to
fall in the lava is over so you have to
try and push each other off
Oh another thing you got Amelia's gone
wait don't go purposely yeah they don't
get the concept of the lava game good
comments if you play the lava game they
clearly have not said beloved what I
still tried wait no hold on guys you
can't swim in lava
critically you can't swim in lava that's
the lava rules there's lava rules and
just lava lamps I mean it's bad hmm
good thank you so cute
Oh another I think newbies is one of my
favorites it's not fair to say you're my
favorite Cena cuz you're my baby and
you're my other oh god okay hurry up
guys cuz I'm puttin the suit away now
it's way too late you shouldn't even be
out here okay so my hair is wet I look
like rubbish cuz I just got out of the
shower and yeah that's not really
important but I am my lips are soft
right I'm making the school lunch for
Amelia and I thought I would show you
what I do every evening and because I
always assure on my snapchat sometimes
and people really like it so this is her
lunchbox and I'm going to show you what
I put in it that's what you guys here
here is her lunchbox this has a little
rip in it I think I'm gonna get dibs on
first step napkin meeting I've had a
freak out when she saw these napkins
because she said they were frozen
they're actually just Christmas ones but
lucky for me everything snowflake equals
frozen now so that's cool so my mom
always gave me a napkin so I always give
her one just have it but apparently the
other kids at school are asking for it
napkins now so high in the trends that
are don't you know I'm sure the
environmentalist people out there are
going to go cray-cray on this video
because whoa but I gave a meeting out
water bottle and we
recycle don't worry but I gave her one
just because it helps her drink her
water otherwise she doesn't like to
drink it so this is a little frozen one
got Anna Elsa is fair night so that's
kind of true I'm just going to go kill a
dog next thing is something I prepared
earlier which is Juna I didn't actually
prepare the first M to the Edit the can
what we're going to do tuna today cheer
not in sweet corn because it's like
basically the closest thing you can get
to organic for tuna and sustainably
fished tuna steaks
skipjack tunas we've got organic salt
free sweet corn I by simply delicious
brand organic mayonnaise made with
sunflower oil so I'm going to mix all of
these things together and make my tuna
salad so I was in the middle of making
my beautiful sandwich and where's Theo
has an emergency he won't come in he's
too ashamed of himself
if you have been calling him for ages
and you won't come in mind nokey won't
come in no thanks it's presences as I am
listen it's on a square oh yeah you can
see it there sorry if anyone's eating
their dinner but I'm back to the school
lunch I mean these angles are really
spectacular but anyway these are the
wraps I use the plain flour soft
tortillas I used to use the preservative
free ones I don't know where they went
they don't seem to sell them anymore so
that's cool but this is Santa Maria
brand and the kids really like these
because they're there's too small these
would be too small for like a sandwich
wrap for us but they're good size for
them I'm going to spoon in my mixture
which is tuna I'm probably going to do
half of this now it looks like this now
I'm going to cut it in half cling film
it and we're done with the sandwich okay
that's what the lunchbox looks like so
far I've just realized that it is day
before our weekly shop so
I don't know things are going to be
quite we're going to be low on some
stuff crackers last packet em and give
her that to go with that we're gonna do
whoo oh my god no Jonathan I can't wait
for me
get away from me oh my god no you're not
putting in there are you
he's gonna sing Danny join it Mike I
hope you're not touching anything oh my
god anyway I gave one of these and we
needs the fruit and we need a yogurt and
we're done so we ran it up Sookie's
there which is what I usually give her
for our yogurt so I'm just gonna let you
guys know right now she's not gonna eat
this she's not but I put it in there
just for options this is one of my
yogurts
it's the yo Valley 0% fat Greek style
yogurt with honey I mean I think they're
amazing and they've got no lumps in them
so I hope she will try it but I have a
feeling I gave her this before and she
like freaked out why shouldn't freak out
she just didn't eat it that is it done
lunchbox done gonna pop that in the
fridge should grab that tomorrow morning
perfecto so I will talk to you guys
tomorrow and thank you very much for
watching don't forget don't forget to
give this video a thumbs up if you liked
it
