good morning say good morning he wants
to get out we're going to mini mone
which is an art class and Eduardo is
very excited as you can tell from his
face
peekaboo so we're gonna do some art now
and then we've got music and drama after
so it's gonna be very excited
music if I'm a snack alright got a snack
in my bag okay okay Eduardo was supposed
to make a little cute cookie but he's
just eaten I don't think you quite got
the point to do you just want to eat
that yummy no don't eat that one yet
we'll bring that one home okay we'll put
that within our bag
all right now we're painting firework
good for a
oh my goodness have you done Eduardo is
cutting some fire thank you you've
actually done quite a good job we've
done some fire and some logs you're
gonna stick that on Mako hello we are at
a thing look then you'll get a knife you
can put our names here you can engrave
our names well you live in central
London general carry a knife around
alright Dino Zoff Eduardo's in art
classes and we are heading to meet some
peoples it's very safe water drink beer
this is I'm bringing now I'm bringing
them on the spooky stairs
Garrett Sarah Henry carry on no down
here at the end of spooky stairs
alright I'm gonna wait here good luck
guys okay
Francesca swimming appropriate shoe
we're now the odd thing about this is
every time you go down a step it gets
bigger
doesn't it look you keeps getting deeper
each time now I'm gonna keep filming in
case you fall this could be a viral hit
right now what I know which is more big
heels but it's the steps every step gets
like worse look it's just getting deeper
it's the most ridiculous staircase
another who invented it mr. Sayre is it
nice and warm
yeah alright and then try them on this
good boy no no no no cuz we just dried
them
Wow I was born having a little snack
aren't we you are hungry because you
already had a biscuit yeah oh yeah I
know
I know what are you having for snack
tell us bear paws and banana you haven't
banana mummy's car there's more tires
coming in thank ya for music and drama
we're home and it's pouring rain come on
bring me oh my you want your head on
yeah oh yeah I thought you said you want
your head on all right come on you
quickly go I'm gonna grab your art stuff
oh it's a wet
we did lots of bonfire night art inside
I know there are drips lots of them
quickly quickly mr. and then you can
show Amelia because we made cookies and
we made breadsticks
we didn't make them but we decorated
them yeah come on don't step in puddles
ruin your trainers silly planets kind
quickly good boy
in you go okay we're finished back in
the car if I am late to collect Amelia
from school it's Francesca's fault
we've been a few her title guess the
picture would be trouble Amelia won't
sit in a blue chair huh
it's oh it's a writer it's a terms and
conditions of the school run I will not
sit in a blue chair oh my goodness media
has from Cheska's shoes on Oh Vivian
Vivian's on the nikes are you give Ian
Monster heels you're almost tall as me
in them all right bye Vivian and
Francesca actually you are oh my
goodness you know you know you crushed
daddy's toe Oh Judas your fault
blaming you for that no you're okay
what are you doing okay Knights don't
hurt as much
Who am I gonna all wrapped up no place
to go we are going to the firework
extravaganza the dogs might be scared
for it we're gonna see it mommy's gonna
put them to bed and get some nice treats
and stuff well that's great to the car
guys oh maybe I don't know there's no
need for really we're just gonna into a
field we're basically going to field but
I'm excited mm-hmm
yeah it's cold out here guys who was
raining today huh and then we're going
to another fireworks extravaganza
tomorrow because tomorrow's actual the
fireworks day Guy Fawkes Day but today
we're going to an official big
celebration thing we do need the light
let's do the thing for the people for
the people that need it oh how is that
is that a good one how well did I do you
should start raising them start raising
and I'll trying to improve it get the
perfect clicker okay oh there's a car
seat missing here yeah Amina you hop in
the duardo we need to get your car seat
because Vivian was sitting in your seat
right oh you hop into your seat mrs.
Magoo oh yeah yeah you can see everybody
hello okay
all right let's lock her into place lads
all right friends it is time to do this
let's get some Christmas songs and go
what's this one Christmas Jubilee here
we go you ready mister for expire work
extravaganza all right I know we're
going off road here looks like it's a
climb go this way no boy
all right we are back from the fireworks
was the fireworks fun guys
did you like them we decided we'd come
home and have some hot chocolate hot
chocolate soup it would seem now we're
on the marshmallows gone guys
hey what do you know
no look at look at the mess you've made
now he's gonna clean that up
huh are you gonna clean it up me what
are you eating
what's that
it's mommy eating your seats no he
doesn't
well mmm in ages I want your half chewed
all right sharing is caring nods gives
Eduardo or sharing is carrying knives
also I got some glow sticks because when
we got to the thing we didn't realize
that there was like a proper like fair
in every flight time and then you're
selling clothes take some like most of
the kids they're like joking around
their glow sticks and we're like oh no
there's no cashola and obviously they
don't use contactless card machines so
we're going to another fire first thing
tomorrow we're gonna be prepared we're
gonna be in glow sticks also remembering
all the friendliest friends leftover
stuff that we happen that
glow-in-the-dark video we did so we're
gonna bring some stuff for all your
friends huh we're gonna be prepared and
it'll be like oh no this is one of those
anti glow stick parties you not allowed
bring glow stick anyway alright guys if
you had our hot chocolate okay this is
it now good job now we need to clean up
get your sleeve etiquette sleeves
he's a specialized what you wanna break
up that I gingerbread house what's he
know we're like children at the
Halloween house well I don't know what
were there the gingerbread house play
leave comments of suggestions of what we
should do with the gingerbread house
condole zgj yeah oh yeah we can recite a
mean composted oh yeah okay recycling
anyway I like to line my stomach every
night with a mr. Kipling I actually do
true story isn't it he does actually
every night I have a mr. Kipling before
not that stuff oh you just reminded me
of all sweets you remind me of that M&S
buns when you said craving I haven't
have a gotten into the fried egg or an
egg where'd you get all this from you
know I have that bad you know I have
that box upstairs the box of all the
candy like sweets I'm an exclusive
chocolate man I I make exceptions for
one mr. Kipling a day it's part of my
five-day I saw you looking at it I know
I know your type yeah we should well
what do you guys put the kids to bed
Thank You mr. Kipling
