good morning friends it's her birthday
saying that anything possible right ball
Bucky Asperger okobogee
a regular wait you know Bobo Betty
there you go all bo you need to uh do
you - uh happy birthday
oh thanks for making this breakfast for
me there for you to go your flowers your
little flower and your okay I got you
some fruit I got you this this one's for
you too but if you are an hour later two
poached eggs
well the chocolate sauce Oh brown sauce
oh my god everything brand sauce and so
long
whoo nice one mate this one before I
said how did you not I just found this
isn't that safe
happy birthday you don't want to get any
present this year this could be an empty
box
oh I got skills
damn multiplying Oh
can you cool your wave ha ha ha go in
here where the tree expecting here I am
Wow their packaging is really nice I
haven't opened it myself
well I don't know I'm not about anything
from here yeah
you wanted a shamrock
oh my god I want to rent a house one oh
you bet that Jonathan obviously I can
anything no I play I played the game I
love you
all right we had a major lazy morning
situation friends it is like with homes
it's almost it was like 2 o'clock and we
was basically sat in bed all day while
most of the day
we're going to get lunch in bed when we
decided I think we're gonna go out and
get lunch somewhere else considering we
we got breakfast in the room we got
lunch in the room we got dinner in the
room and afternoon tea in a room on
different days but I wanted to
experience all the different major
feeding times in this room to get a full
feel to get value for the room oops we
also had a little bad situation last
night and the showers it's actually
pretty nice room by the way what's this
place called again
alexandra house this is Apollo is should
be called a Jonathan has little it's
bright like the bird anyway
Alexandra House examiner has some nice
books as well look the david beckham
book my side anyway hello there hot lady
that's not a snapchat filled her
yesterday and it is not charged anything
I was driving so I looked over and I was
like is that a filter no it's an actual
real hot all right
it is freezing that's pack up our bags
let's go back to reality back to life
back to reality oh yeah pause under
reality goodbye all the rooms have
different names we're in the hangy
unhandy oh look at the artwork she gets
result bird pictures oh I got a whole
bird thing going on greater bird people
hello that guy okay look it it's a guy's
house Gold's house girls little paneling
goals are obsessed with paneling and it
marks me better
obsessed upon like okay this is it's
beautiful beautiful paneling
that'll be a photograph of me in our
house is a a painting in oil painting
just like that Department of stares out
of our home
oh I didn't think that was gonna open
there was a slight delay Tanner we could
have been parked right here except like
pools or miles away miles away if I
future home ah
as for the deeds they wouldn't give me
Mickey I offered him 10 pounds 10 fresh
pounds I said no no is a bit too thick
that's what it is guys I was gonna but I
was gonna take it but it's you clean it
Wow when getting this I don't know I
already do is that I would never clean
it I would just move from room to room
so you get it you get you get quite a
while until you catch up with yourself
and then you be like oh now we're in
trouble this is the outhouse this is
where the dogs solitaires okay anyway
the car wasn't actually that far away
okay it's just right there this all
right come back to our town we're gonna
go to cut each other
she closed her yeah didn't make a noise
also by the way I wouldn't win shot that
one movement my partner I suppress it
but you parked outside the door
I was impressive that your car get here
whatever you christmas is coming
christmas is coming in this is coming on
because she saw Christmas ads last night
on TV we're like oh my name is like
Halloween's over one day girl behind you
is it intended I can't with the I'll
finish up okay we're definitely do deal
finish of this year I didn't know it's a
bit of a commitment because it's 24 days
I need to come up with a fun place of
plenty of the elf
for the next 24 days not the next 24
days the 20 per day is December fighting
he knew it because the damn in school
and media has enough in the shaft it's
kind of one in school like Apollo true
hopefully makes the kids behave as well
penny I stole a thing it's like a store
supposed to behave for Christmas what we
kind of fun I think in the video like it
so much you in the new reports bingo
he'll be watching you guys too so watch
all shelf just got home
hello under the little nose you fellow
sticking out her own wife is no one else
out she's just you know God you weren't
just left it I'm doing kinda here bring
the bag in bring the bag in newbies
oh it's automatic hello everybody
give me a cuddle right now yeah yeah cut
all right guys you know whose birthday
it is today
do you like this balloon do you make a
card did you make a card as well guys oh
that's so cute oh yeah go up this oh
sorry
pink to fake it
Wow my back did you I know except for
mommy
oh don't fight over guys you can't fight
a mommy's birthday
oh nice signature like a spider web of
some sort
and who make the cake okay guys are we
ready now first we're going to need two
matches and we're going to eat some
candles and I want to hear the greatest
rendition of happy birthday a media
first question do you have any idea how
old is mommy
chanting hundred twenty hundred pretty
much pretty much at this stage mommy is
29 29
have you ever met a 29 year old before
no are you two and a half
Wow you're almost as old as mommy what
we will have to turn the lights off
first we need to get the candles oh oh
no we need 29 kettles 29 think Kendall
okay we'll put a few on we put a few on
what we've just seen two candles okay
right no fair enough
who knows candles now we know scandalous
an actual thing don't stand up I get a
much are these Oh sir I thought I was
just gonna stick it in don't you how
much Aaron ah look at this cake guys
guys I'll be picking mom's cake you
can't do that
no wait wait okay
don't blow that blubber it would hurt oh
uh hold on it's mommy's cake Eduardo you
can do yours an April don't throw it at
wardo no no no okay here we go
okay with me please okay okay
no no you gotta see our chief about me
okay you ready okay ready guys come on
ready
sing it to mommy happy birthday to mommy
happy birthday to mommy
all right everyone gotta blow that
together oh is that a fake on the top
pomegranate
hmm strawberry myself Oh a winters got
raspberry in the inside
I be yeah you can't cut your own
birthday cake - yeah nobody's rules is
that what are you guys doing my Johnson
oh I now pronounce you 29 you may eat
the cake it's a rally inside chopping
rice cream yeah not too much dude I got
on these little kids gone mad
Oh looks it looks looks moist
excape I'll be whose call the dogs and
the kids make name is a jelly it's a
chicken they put the knife in here put
the knife in here use the knife is the
guy he's the knife is the guy oh we
don't it dangerous into well yeah I cut
too because there's two children make
this work one
- Oh guys this I would have done the
other way around
she's gonna eat more than him but what
up yeah this is mommy and daddy's look
you can walk it
you wanna spoon a fork or spoon which
one a spoon okay the pressure the
pressure that's fine those two are fine
while I was going to go with the else I
know one minions and it's not pressure
begins at low mass or now there you go
hello friends it's the end of the video
but we have some special information to
tell you Eduardo has his own camera here
as well so you guys are always asking us
to do q and A's and more like
interactions himself I guess watch Pardo
you have your own camera guess what guys
we are doing a livestream
so for the next few weeks every Saturday
at around 11 or 12 UK time we are going
to do a livestream
mommy is calling you you better go to
mommy then get dressed and he can go you
can bring the camera every Saturday for
the next couple of weeks we are going to
do a Q&A livestream on this YouTube
channel how amazing is that that says
amazing watch on runner social media for
more informations but yeah starting
tomorrow for you guys Saturday afternoon
morning monaster noon first q a live
stream this could be anything this could
be anything we're going to be doing
eight do as a week now oh okay see you
there
butterface
I just can't get
