why don't you our new who's new high
score wallpaper we got this bird the
driver likes birth Oh
because we were so inspired when Galway
at the birthing this is cool it's a big
georgian building
it's so nice i love like it's got
paneling it's got a that's what I keep
saying and I'm like this is this is a
goodness bathroom
it's massive it has the old his-and-hers
and the scary face
you need a freaky face got a fire to SH
our customers robes got a bedroom and a
bed and what do you see the view from
over here gosh new T on the way o plus u
this ah so nice look after you
we are going to head we're just getting
some afternoon tea now and then we're
gonna head to the spa after we eat our
strawberries and cookies jump on you
alright let's get out of here let's go
to the spa and it's chillax and that's
half of the time and it's all for the
birthday girl this is your last year in
your 20s this is it after after tomorrow
after one year after tomorrow you and
your 30s so let's I'm not unless there
is tomorrow
no one year from tomorrow oh so you got
365 days to complete all those things to
do before you're 30 yeah how about my
kid how about our kids stay in a room
with a giant bird you're achieving
you're flying along that's all oh boy
house buy a house that's what I'd like
to do perform 30 what do you do before
you were 30 nothing okay I had a lot of
fun I went to a lot of parties I drank
too much
see you in a strawberry and chocolate oh
nice
oh yeah yeah see em no no keys no
strawberry oh the chocolate instructor
food I tell you how you made the actual
smell of me no don't feel guilty when I
kissed Amelia when I left her outs girls
like okay
later oh hi hi Leakey Delphine tell me
going yeah yeah gonna say thank you
good morning friends he's birthday is it
no it's seen as perfect today no that's
bad face every time every time there's
loads of birthdays like it's seen as
birthday today whose party is it
tomorrow mommy's birthday my present
 resin for her yeah but mommy thinks
that daddy didn't get her a present
because daddy's been working the angle
of a no pendant but we're gonna go away
in a surprise today myself matter thank
y'all
secret adventure but I have a present
for her cousin oh the courier is
bringing it shortly
wait what's gonna be an elegy once but
it's a surprise so you say I didn't get
you a present
you see daddy didn't get your present
but he did no one knows who you look
every time we're here for Stevens
birthday she's outside waiting till she
comes in and then we're gonna sing happy
birthday to her I knew there was the
bear movies well this is Hammond say to
all of them because it's all of that
birthdays no no it's just Dina's
birthday well then sing happy birthday I
don't mean on it could be huh Oh Bianca
djenka okay oh you ready cuz ret left
Albion Tina oh damn oh you ready you
ready here she is kids
happy birthday to Xena
happy birthday to Seema happy birthday
yes Tina she's run away happy birthday
to you happy birthday Sina give her a
hug aww
happy birthday Cena might be Buffy Oh
everyone's getting their winter clothes
on
not Albie no obvious a committee I'll be
coming come on Abby
he's coming doing the school run come on
come on quickly quick good girl oh it's
freezing today that's how they put all
the jumpers on the doggies
yesterday we were early and made such a
difference a bustle
oh my god I think I'll fly ill you don't
want to fly like flies into your lip
gloss or your lipstick get rid of this
okay first I know it look like some sort
of a Jedi don't and burn and then turn
and ten but another Jedi or am i you
will press the like button you will
subscribe to these videos you will buy a
calendar you will leave a nice comment
saying jonathan is amazing so say we all
okay uh so yesterday courier when I was
gift I'm tracking him um he picked it up
in central this thing won't even focus
here yeah he picked it up here in
central this morning about an hour ago
and he's heading down to down to us we
actually have to leave soon well Lisa's
here now so I'm gonna go ahead and do my
workouts but then I we have to leave in
the bed now
you because in the hotel I booked this
thing so um with the kids it's really
difficult to ever get some time so it's
like an early check-in and a late
check-out
so we check in really early today we get
the whole day today we get tonight and
then tomorrow we don't have to check out
to like midday so you are almost kind of
getting one two days kind of you know
you gotta make it work and you got the
kids but it all rests on the fact that I
can pick get this thing delivered before
we leave for the hotel and if I can pull
this off guys um she's gonna be so
surprised it's gonna be so cute I can
actually pull this off
but yeah I better go to markets stay
cool stay frosty
oh just Lisa just left just you to work
in it it's not around
Hey
yeah that's good for this I'm stopping
ruff yeah thank God by now we need to
sneak this inside where MSE we're
heading on nevermind
take it away take it away that did not
work yeah I'm gonna say a road trip when
it's nothing really
no ha ha I've raised you in the dust by
trade I think that sort of farm turn
left
book
I don't think this is it is that oh
maybe it is there's the big like I
wasn't able to make it to the Halloween
thing so you know estimation is ahead I
don't think it is done
oh boy you have arrived at you okay I
hear you keep telling me that nobody has
no hotel delivery runs beyond this point
well I'm not a hotel delivery van
no okay um I brought you to a caravan
park I think for a romantic getaway yeah
this is not what fortune hotels nah oh
yeah this campion I think those guys are
quite fair like what like what oh wait
oh geez where are we oh wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait right don't lose
hope yes but there would be a bit bigger
sighing like this makes no sense
woodpecker way this makes simple
sentences my Jensen Jonathan no link all
right we're gonna make sure to Google
this is a nightingale
okay oh he's gone back in time mm-hmm oh
it's called Alexander has I think I kept
wanting it not exactly oh I'm pretty
sure I saying it wrong about it now
unless there's two and we booked the
wrong one go to the car park with no
kids so we don't need to valet park okay
this is nice
and this is nice oh that's per close by
never being here before nah
saving a park close to reception okay
new new house goal dreams check this out
guys
welcome to our new house oh my goodness
I bought us a castle oh wait kiichi
can I talk here I'm gonna go and carry
this something it is I don't know how
many hours later but we've been to the
spa we had a couple's on the side which
was lovely and I stuff in her face it
was so nice though isn't it the two
girls that did us were so nice like
she's really like pressure II at the
start and I was like oh my goodness but
I was like Ana's that you in a licen it
was like one of those ones they did the
feet and the jug of feet feels really
good wasn't it
and the head bit at the end is a little
sort of like aa nice little ending was
like aha
anyway we got some room service brief
Kirk's I'm drinking alone because prego
is over here forcing me to drink alone
we got some a Prosecco flowers that's
that for dessert we're having flowers
and I got the club signage because she's
craving the Sambo's this is also the
worst lighting in the world so we're
gonna end this rug quickly before before
you're high spread see you guys in a bit
or maybe not maybe maybe so yeah we'll
do one more clip I'll give you one more
clip see you then friends we've eaten
more than we should have I am inside a
shower hello
this what a shower it said okay I shall
bid you farewell I've no idea why I
should I should make another clip but I
said I would make another clip so it's
the least I could do is to make another
clip for you I'll see you guys tomorrow
say bye to yourselves
you
