good morning friends you're in London
town today is a very important day
well kind of we are over the halfway
mark the magazine are we
yeah I think so pretty nice a 5-month
area very exciting so today we're doing
with it so it's really important scan so
it's great that I was singing I wonder
where we see like the 4d
we watch this documentary on a hospital
the other night and it was like you and
then this girl was getting a 4d pinga
and I was like and I was a vision saying
that's not enough but now I'm like I'll
maybe we should do that super busy
things I'm gonna watch her bit of water
is to be assurance you want minus 40 no
we're Joe where ya goin dude we actually
see the 40
sometimes the 40 is kind of scary
yeah oh come on there we go down into
the top of the baby's head their nose
and stuff Oh little foot baths while you
sing good keep it buried out that's
funny I can feel so me yeah I feel that
one you feel it sometimes you can't get
it's like hittin this yeah I felt that
kind of big one let's go cool
I just mean you might wanna put in the
recipes and measurements
she might wrote because you might give
up moving around a tiny bit for the
determined with e to face
oh look at that it's so cute okay now
it's looking scary yeah you put this kid
back up oh I'm so cute but a big one
yeah I'm gonna show her this video and
she grows up nicely look at the trouble
you caused I'm even here yet ah it's so
cute looks like she's rubbing her eyes
or something
I'm bored of this yeah I'm gonna tell it
so much cool we got a DVD as well I got
a DVD of all of that it's so good I want
to see that little yawn it's so cute
just like that just like that exact you
advice oh my good is it so exciting
you know like ya'll believe like this is
like definitely the fastest pregnancy
it's time you know because we're so busy
with the meeting Eduardo you know gotta
medias one went on for like four or five
years this interesting see I cannot
believe like well like so far into it
now almost at the home stretch
I win a car no home plan this little
picture oh my goodness is just so cute I
got the wrong this week don't skipper go
sit in my house the pictures of our kids
there I'm so cute
oh I can show media that one I don't
know what her reaction of sheep like
where's the blood was the blood the 40
thing does look scary but I was all
against I think maybe we should do the
4d thing like you know in a few weeks or
something not like we actually see stuff
and just see which one of our kids
because we have a boy and a girl and
they're so different that maybe you'd be
able to tell like which one she looks
like yeah you know he's so cute
well excited now
hello hello you guys want to see
pictures of a baby I see pictures at a
baby we saw a baby today
yeah oh we got a DVD as well so we can
see video of the baby luck where's the
picture look look look look look at the
baby's yawning guys look look that's her
little arms and a hand in a little mouth
see isn't it so cute we got loads of
pictures the babies inside he's not cool
your zombie has the insides on the
outsides that's correct
what does the DVD in here guys
if I can show you a DVD of the video
look we can play the video all right it
is a couple of hours since we spoke last
okay now Amelia is inside Eduardo has
finished his dinner a while ago and got
in bed candy right Halloween candy so
you know everyone always says to me do
their pranking on a media when you say
how the Halloween candies being eaten so
I'm gonna try that I because she's not
eating her dinner and be naughty if you
say we're gonna threaten her but that's
gonna happen so let's see if I could
sneak in here and steal some of it first
are you eating your dinner hmm come on
eat your dinner be a chicken dinner
winner to the duardo got his candy huh
cuz he was a good boy and he had his
dinner if mommy eats her dinner she'll
get some candy too oh I already have
some
like today right last one Amelia come on
last one in you get off your candy
quickly last one good job
boom yeah are you gonna go get your
candy wait
finish it first has to be in the
tom-toms has to be in here like mommy's
baby isn't her tummy your food has to be
in the tummy yeah you want smell hey
where are you going you finish your
dinner
let me see open up all right you get
your Halloween candy where's your
honoring candy box all right pull it
down there watch out for the pop-tarts
what what what what where's it gone well
that's Eduardo's where's it all did you
eat it all
did you eat it all where's economy yeah
what daddy
daddy didn't eat it what is that oh
that's your Halloween candy is that all
you had left did you did someone eat
them
you think daddy ate them all I'm sorry I
mean I was just really hungry I said
okay what but I thought it'd be okay if
I ate all your Halloween candy did you
want your Halloween candy isn't it is it
all okay to that he ate it all I'm sorry
I didn't I didn't think you want any
more of it well I'll tell you what next
year we can go trick-or-treating again
okay are you angry at daddy
I'll keep a key you cross a teddy come
over here I need to show you something
come over this way daddy - your candy
yeah daddy was only playing a joke gasps
silly daddy here what did you want
I was really hard to do your little face
she was so disappointed that I eaten it
but didn't want to get angry at me oh my
goodness that was hard it was harder on
meat and it was on her I hate to deal
with the emotions that she thought I'd
eaten on our chocolate hello she runs
very quickly to the point that I had
eaten a chocolate she doesn't blame you
at all no she was great blaming me all
right put it back in here put it back in
your thingy now you can put everything
Oh whispers why wouldn't my neck shading
your whisper no Mila just got her
revenge on me oh and look all over my
arm is that revenge is that daddy's
punishment was it if we give daddy yeah
no do you a good thing you've got these
little doggies here let's take care of
some of it for me please Wednesday I
like to give you an appreciation hug
it's not a lie
where's my appreciation hug also
squatched my thing what is possible
little fella his little girl what's
causing all sorts of trouble today it's
good we can feel all the kicks now and
everything Debbie I have yet to feel a
kick dough well I get a yo I feel the
kicks and it gives me at nighttime when
I dare move over to her side of the bed
you don't know me in the back anyway
have the TV d write you when it came
that we got I'm gonna try and show the
kids now I'm not really sure what's on
it but I spent ages trying to figure out
like all the Apple products that we have
don't have DVD drives nothing has a DVD
drive in it except for this old Bessie
we like to call her this old PC from
about 6 or 7 years ago
what well first off hold on hold on I
don't know I don't really know what it's
gonna do
did you I need to change this Carly oh
oh yeah we have a DVD player as well oh
ok put it in there ok do it together
nice guys nice nice okay come back
Steinbach watch TV is that it did is
Peppa Pig on the DVD yeah did they give
us some Peppa Pig that would seem odd
this is called a scart game I got one or
scart you can tell her oh man htm' I
used to get the start game sh t my game
all right I've changed his source all
right let's see we got that's the baby
do you see the baby guys whatever look
that's the baby they're inside mommy's
tummy
you give it a wave I was wishing it was
a girl I can play it is a girl guys look
look there's her eye
there's her head desert no there's her
head there it does look very different
oh she is so cute
heck yeah it's cool is it I wonder where
the 4d King is oh there's the 40 guys
look okay look I know it looks kind of
scary but that's your sister don't be
don't be put off hey Edward over here
hmm
it's okay big Eduardo baby's gonna be
nice to you okay yeah yeah yeah that's
the brain that's the brain we have to
check there to have a brain like Daddy
thank you has to use his brain to not
break books this is so cool being able
to see the baby isn't it isn't this so
cool in media are you waving again
Amelia dear do you know the baby's name
yeah what is it
I mean it's gonna it meters gonna tell
everybody the baby's name Amelia
it's a complicated one recalling her
Janet Anna for both of us
meet Jonathan
