seagulls crying in my jeans over ice
cream cones drop ten sound and all the
castles uh be paid for the time to wash
away come the same way as the boy he's a
man
down-
line
come on
because science
forever wondering
you in first released a oh yes some of
us are going to school some of us are
doing boring things and some of us are
going to photoshoots
oh there's the professional model
professional model commercial all right
boys and girls who wants the new gender
video and live outside thank you guys so
much the last three days thank you so
much for all your lovely comments and
everything thank you so much for your
mouth your mouth is bleeding
it isn't jerky and then they got in
trouble oh this is just a keyword Elka
oh my goodness you pranking everyone in
school in media slipping this you want
debates
alright uniform time oh my goodness guys
it's like christmas is starting guys
look at that
whoa like week we could build a snowman
guys we could go skiing after school
Amelia myself of this new hand shaking
me a high-five punch
make it snow man before school is it
frozen oh yeah come on let's go we're
gonna be late
are we ready to get rid of the snow guys
so you know Anna was that last night at
their big benefit dinner I cracked open
and carbon alternate carbon I think on
Netflix
I watched five hours of it all oh my
goodness is amazing if you're into like
it's heavy sci-fi it's heavy sci-fi guys
but I love this science fiction and this
is like hardcore science fiction I
recommend it if you're into science
fiction friends or two-carbon on Netflix
watch it you'll do nothing else at your
life I won't with the car so I'm heading
to London for the photoshoot I'm not
sure if I can really talk about what
it's about basically with all of the
girls that I was with last night they're
all really nice last night so I was
really happy cuz I didn't know any of
them really I'd met one of them before
of Patricia and I only met her briefly
so I just didn't really know how it was
gonna go but last night went really well
so I look completely different I'm
wearing big coat
Joubert jeans and boots really different
than last night compared to like the
heels and everything I'm gonna be gone
all day long we're doing a photo shoot
like I said and Lisa as you saw last
night doing my makeup I'm letting her
take my face she's an amazing makeup
artist the hilarious thing and she has
like a book sale and stuff so um yeah
I'm really lucky that she's doing my
makeup I just I didn't actually know
what's her you know when people ask you
like do you want your makeup done at the
shoot you want to do it yourself and
you're just like I'm gonna do it myself
cuz you're fussy but had I known it was
her obviously I would have said yes
a riot of the shoe chairs you guys see
my name's on that ones and then there's
Patricia JJ me they're all here I think
there's Jamie this is hair and makeup
and then over there I guess I was just
doing my makeup okay it's gonna look
weird because we're we can't do our
eyebrows like the first couple of the
first first picture we do everything
which she hasn't done everything at but
like I've got Foundation and like my
he's done but no brows so I just are you
excited about your little brother huh
you know recently when we got that a new
clothes scan done they were checking the
size of the new baby a little baby boy
huh and he's actually he's measuring
ahead of himself did you that has
actually changed a few times because
originally based on on a cycle and stuff
like that they estimated that this was
the due date and then as the baby has
developed it grown they've had to change
it and because he's a big fella cell
phone are we call him Theo like it's
like if this kid is born and he's like a
big true morning me Leo's like when she
was born like she's really chunky and
shed he's like big cheeks and just big
she's like oh well because Alessia and
the new boy baby boy we need a nickname
for him
leave me some suggestions of nicknames
so when he comes out Alessia will be a
little baby and he will be a baby and in
about six months when he can sit up and
so for that if he can if he's like a big
bulky baby they will just look like
twins how funny is that oh oh oh oh
oh hello my name is unless see ya I'm
very excited today and few much time I'm
gonna have a little brother to play when
share your toys will read our books will
go to school together
it's like
- Martin smile
and said I wanna be back any time
both pillows on the day they see she
said say
cross
it's scary
young
oh it's so weird like it you should go
subscribe with me anyway I'm dressed now
and this is what I do you want to show
why I'm wearing ever
where
judges and love this product
to finish my first photo shoot
I'd like one doctor
like I'm fit now
oh yeah like pajamas now look at this
spread
so trendy it smells amazing
okay not some seed pudding so I'm gonna
get stuck into this because I'm starving
focus three out Bannen this is not not
gonna go ahead so I was due today at
school doing this and it is before me so
as example Ott's I was running like
monkeys and they were and there was a
real girl
and she said there was a monkey cold
spot and then we needed to be the daddy
monkey and we needed to act to show out
and then we said stuff then we run
around going so we would like button
give me or sleep because she said the
monkeys that she goes looks after in the
jungle that she sees and sport doesn't
and the the monkeys pretend that they're
asleep but then they wake up and and
sometimes they wake up and then make
drunk around and I made that was a song
and then we were jumping up and we were
running around and then we also went
through the trees were thought I was
like oh you were skipping so that was
pretty bad
oh my goodness they kept the kids have
built they built a swimming pool I think
out of all the toys what is going on -
to family there - prima ballerina so
what are you at right oh really oh my
goodness it's so nice
right guys get your gear oh yeah kids it
all over you know normally the kids go
to their may test well today everyone's
coming here because I have to stay where
Alessia so I was like it oh come here
TT games so how many is there a million
tutus yeah no oh my goodness look at
this look at this at the felling there's
a million teachers to choose from
exactly exactly
well you are a style my show your shorts
your favorite Thomas stop okay we're
finished
gonna take the furniture with us thank
food but you use that this 3d happy I
know I know you said that you know tired
I'm so tired I just want to go to bed
it's fine
it was fun though grandpa can you go the
hip-hop Oh No
so Anna is still in London do you guys
ever use Find My Phone it's really
really good you should set it up for
your families if you don't it's cool to
know where somebody is but I answer and
it's currently probably I would imagine
she is currently sitting in traffic
right here right here so it's pretty
gonna take quite a while to get home
what is your favorite food to eat
chicken and mushroom boyfriends when I
eat chicken a mushroom pie when I take
this piece of chicken this is what
happened
I'm home guys I know I kind of look like
death because like makeups all kind of
like roped off and I was like half
asleep in the car so I just kind of just
the chef also you know put her with a
pizza for a second so I'm back home
ready job from dinner I already had my
dinner it was amazing it was operatic
because I didn't make it anyway um so
yeah and I got my chair I brought my
chair home which is amazing you see oh
yeah you're pouring oh look this was my
little Valentine's Day core I know this
place Smith so it doesn't really look
they're not meant to be here there
aren't meant to be over there anyway I
just put loads of light little lid
chocolates pink and red into there was
like a heart ball and this one thank you
for watching this video I hope you
enjoyed it I hope you enjoyed the photo
shoot it was something different but I
don't do everyday clearly and it was
good like it was really really a good
day so thank you for watching don't
forget to give the video a thumbs up
don't forget to subscribe for more and
we will talk to you tomorrow
