oh all right come on let's go let's go
all right now let's go pumpkin-carving
no no you don't need your shoes we're
just gonna grab the funky to bring it
inside
ah who parked their car here good way
know somebody somebody needs to go and
get their keys and move their car Oh
exactly
whoa you should be moving a car okay
another car all right so now the media
can you carry Oh can you carry this way
okay what this one this one's broken
guys okay so we won't be picking this
one pick a pumpkin you want that word do
you want are you going out I doubt it if
you want it I'll do it
well I should be anything opinions oh I
want enough these ones which ones not
right away weirdo media's picking one
pick one Amelia yeah that's the baby one
all right bring it inside bring it
inside
all right I'm gonna sting he's bigger
than me this is the biggest popcorn from
pumpkin my popcorn the entire planet all
right are we ready yeah whoa she's a big
one she's a big color don't don't don't
don't drop that let's put down a match
so mom will be happy she won't be angry
at daddy for making a mess I think we
need to cut the head off first here and
I made the scoop out all the stuff
you're gonna help me even be scoopers
and then help me you make a line a long
time yeah that's the plan pumpkins have
a
life is high-value put them inside and
make it blue that's the plan
so go do that we're gonna find we have
to find a light okay we have done some
brain surgery on our friends here what's
it what's this guy's name guys what's
his name was to give my name Eduardo
excuse me do you want to get outside
yeah well that's what's gonna happen now
what's our pumpkins name sadly this is
Sally okay so we've done some surgery on
Sal you've had here seen a little
twisting around here what is in there
guys is that Saudis brains you can see
Saudis brains guys okay this is gonna
take a lot longer unexpected with my two
little assistance here so what we're
gonna do is daddy's gonna scoop this out
really quickly also I don't know and a
stupid face John Ruan okay what I do
think guys mommy's trying to change our
face what have you done Jonathan
character well I'm interested marker I
have to play this this is a playlist
market what'd you do it on the other
stuff oh no that's a stupid sign well
redraw and then and then what what is
wrong you ah what no I'm not sorry guys
you just drew on the permanent marker do
you wanna mark what I didn't plan on
changing I'm just cooking even if you
change
in his ginger you would have to like
around alright
update Anna is failed to go make her own
pumpkin so she's just critiquing my
pumpkin making and I offered her a
challenge to make your own pumpkin and
she couldn't do it which basically means
a better pumpkin this is an amazing
pumpkin alright this is an amazing
pumpkin I know it's not like a
traditional triangular eyes Eduardo is
having a tough time here what's up
weirdo what which one of you has been
eating Halloween candy bones new speedy
in the Halloween candy she gets me Mommy
me now do things fast and gang I'll
color the young apple an apple I'm just
stopping a star Lindy I hate you want to
go trick-or-treating yeah okay well look
we might be able to do a little bit of
trick or treating tonight if daddy ever
sorts out this fella here I think I may
have bought too much Halloween stuff
yeah I think I may have taken too too
much hand job
I literally like this a bit extreme so
this is it and we don't even really get
that my name's of the treatment last
we're in New York so Z know with the
year before no one it was a plane yeah
and everybody just took one yeah nice if
I held you Taneatua we again spread that
job hi
she always me to go to folder we've got
a selection see it's good you can see
the black yeah I know what I can eat
school I can just cut the circular you
harder the hell that later I don't mind
again somebody's going to be eating
humble pie check this out
huh how cool is this guy look oh my
goodness this guy's gonna be so Kade the
kind ponies Invisalign or something he's
got a couple of issues here but this
looks so cool cuz you imagine when I put
light to nut for her it's gonna look so
cool
Marty I think it's deadly this is much
better
I wonder kind of cut at the bottom of it
and put it on as like the costume uh-huh
I have an idea hello hello hello hello
that does that even work you know it's a
little like one tooth and two teeth and
then triangular eyes this is cool
looking I love him this is Halloween
this is he's watch
that's a cool one debate let's ask let's
ask the baby you're gonna cut mine now
what what what you mean anyone what c41
awarness i thought i would did them
badly what do you want
let's do what you can actually feel it
moving sometimes it's a girl by the way
you can feel her moving sometimes
well maybe changes you know thumbs don't
put her in a box go put her in a belly
she may get smelly so not only is this
an amazing design i've invented but look
we're putting the candle in you have
perfect room to move your hand in and
out look at this I've invented something
here telling you know Theo like they're
pretending for one each I'm sneaky
how'd you mean you wanna teach college
wait oh come on
what guys guys come in here guys quickly
we're gonna do the home game this is
Halloween come and look at the greatest
pumpkin you have ever seen is it not
amazing guys is that amazing guys it's
not the best pumpkin put these candles
inside it for his eyeballs do you love
it is it spooky guys no no James James
you can't go in there
hi okay guys we need to bring this
outside with the jar of candy
oh dear arms gone off and we gotta bring
this outside oh we need we need it we
need it we need printer things
I for the boys and girls together and
then we're gonna get dressed oh yeah
we're gonna get dressed up and we're
gonna call around to other people's
houses I need air candy and some people
are gonna call to our house and eat our
candy exactly and that's the story of
Halloween
all right just making this this is the
sign that I'm gonna put it over because
the kids go sleep so what I do is you
make it a little sign we put it over the
actual intercom so nobody presses you
intercom but we want to give our the
kids in the area some candy so let's
print yeah cool all right so gonna put
this tent outside with the pumpkin and
the big bowl of sweets careful there is
proof somewhere along there then don't
step on the poo hmm swear it somewhere
here why can't remember we're too late
I was paranoid about dogs whole dark
yeah of course all the traffic
where's your drop now don't put it on
the recycling bin
for him man
now look but him here right
the fun part of dearness is later on
when we get back from trick-or-treating
with the kids you see how much stuff is
gone okay there's a bright light it's a
bright light lads anyway did you take
some of our candy all right now we're
gonna sit here and watch to see if
anyone's home sellers are going to ban
the kind of a design it opens thinking
well it would I make it look at her
what's it all damn damn den and then
dead end and dead and Dan tensed and and
thin and and thinning it wardo I am your
father
I actually am your father oh my goodness
she looks so cool astronaut it were no
are we ready guys this is it
this is it your first ever
trick-or-treating situation we practice
on your ramp don't let me down at night
in the dark
oh all right have fun why oh you want me
to come with you
oh okay I didn't I didn't realize that
ha ha Oh
trick or treat at night don't get the
fright it's only an astronaut and the
bowl of ice cream oh oh hello back there
guys would you move on all right now
negative
oh astronaut and as a missus oh and as a
wish that I didn't get anything
what am i I'm a youtuber hey I'm a
youtuber so I'm dressed up as we're
dressed up as the Coney Jolie's yeah oh
my goodness then you will dress up with
us they'll be so good hey Chico trade
you guys ready to knock on the door guys
have to say it say it that's it guys
congratulations that was your first one
really bad house yeah well good rehearse
Oh
oh my go to home with the pumpkin that's
the rules if they have a pumpkin you can
go call it them come on a spaceman
alright go knock on the door guys not
want me to do it you have to say it
really loud trick-or-treat okay ready
nice you have to say and you have to
scream it hey there hi
you got a milky way okay these guys are
putting me to shame with my might look
at the pumpkins I need to up my game
oh you I think we take okay call guys go
go up here and take one we did make a
pumpkin III I give you one okay okay
here let's go oh did we get one there's
stones okay let's go to the next door
okay next door it's a spooky house guys
whoa look at this spooky house oh yeah
okay guys take a piece take a piece of
candy
take one astronaut it is it circularize
I like it I like their style
say thank you well this one's a double
trouble we got some here and we got some
here yeah
Ohio has gloves on all right let's keep
on going guys uh does a green pumpkin
count whoo okay uh try the green pumpkin
one so guys guys say Trick or Treat
okay these guys look at this pumpkin say
trick that one's epic it's just super
scary Pumpkin
okay this I'm like critiquing everyone's
pumpkins Ellen's a good one let's go
back beyond the count ones - I think all
right knocking the door guys hey
they're so good say chicken fries they
took a change Oh careful
I know I know come on it's good in here
oh my goodness this is so much fun isn't
it it's so cute and finances Doran gives
them the candy and stuff and they're
like so excited now you've never done
this before like this is so much fun um
does I have a pumpkin oh oh it does have
pumpkins guys you see a pumpkin you get
candy
you
