hello Amelia how's it going uh when
she's watching their shows don't
interrupt their hello friends welcome to
Sunday we're just hanging around the
house today we're just hanging around
and has upgraded all of us well I will
fix my hair yes what Anne is mocking me
because I use stiff brush after I blow
dried my hair today let's spend all my
money Eliza I'm set on winning on giant
fried eggs and Cola bottles yeah
alright we need to get ready because
we're going into town no mr. skinnylegs
not date night tonight guys but we are
going in to see uncle Stefan oh yeah
you're coming too
what uncle Stefan I was in central
London of what a present a baby yeah a
baby sitter well you're coming with us
we don't need a babysitter you watching
oh no I must have relative batteries
oh my goodness look a black mirror we
watched this movie last night what was
that thing called was that movie called
last night the Facebook movie unfriended
ah syriza but it mainly as that iPad
turned up and the black screen come on
the black mirror oh that's the thing on
BBC or channel for something that's
actually quite good it's a collection of
shorts we watched a few them a few years
ago when they first came out but yeah
it's actually it's alright it's not
rubbish but you should watch it for fun
just same reason us to notice for fun
crazy movie new van where is where is
that there is a be alright wardo what
he's got a tie
oh you try and take it off
why don't you take his tie off oh you
need to tie it
hello yo yo yo yo yo yo this is what
happens is what happens what happens
there are funny Bunch luggage is your
best friends he's all our best friends
look at them all wagging their tails
there but sometimes you just you lose to
run yourselves huh just like Amelia and
Eduardo they're best friends but
sometimes they lose the one here we're
best friends but sometimes you lose the
run yourselves
oh you don't miss much do ya so we're
heading into London and we are stopped
at a station what services because I
have to pee every five minutes nowadays
do you need to wait nope so we're going
to see my brother and haven't seen him I
think since New York which was yeah no
we saw him in London on Easter at Easter
but it wasn't last Easter I think was
the Easter before and then we saw him in
do you remember in October so a year ago
when we were in New York no it was one
year ago when we were in New York and I
think that was the last time am i boring
you or something you're a funny one so
we were driving along well we were about
to leave the services which we only put
in for a P and then I looked down the
notice I had no fuel left all right so
just know we'll see you know what I
always get but I joke about chicken
supreme have to go to ultimate today
mister basics fuel and comics
got a cigarette that I bought something
oh oh
hello it's got some waters what else did
I get
what's that
is that a frozen magazine what do you
say to do with some frozen toys
yeah what's what do you think daddy I
got one for Eduardo as well but he's
asleep right now and I got us something
a bit smart money you can yeah I think
so
looks like mommy's opening yeah there's
like two left not like actually you can
touch yeah no it's not real money
Oh a little water hey that's cool yeah
oh you get a Visa card the credit limits
on that like my heart is about contact
us are you get a car always again you
got cash credit card and a car key you
go and she wins a lot or something I
mean yeah
guys there's a motif in there oh my god
the cutest Oh
like okay she's gonna see me blow I
don't want her to see me and judge me
but that's the cutest thing I've ever
seen in my life if I had like no family
that would be me like Harry's blowing it
what tools in our car alright so Stefano
is in here who's would gun then he looks
nice one on a Stefano the tallest man in
the world karna sakuni in the world
don't step on the white don't step on
the white bits oh no you are not getting
Oh
they got hot chocolate this is afternoon
tea not afternoon hot chocolate Eduardo
is so cute
Edoardo loves being in loves being a
baby
like a lesbian babies yeah I think so I
think so yeah he sometimes says he's
like I don't like the baby it'll always
be a baby why don't you guys look funny
are you grown-ups are you are you having
date night are you guys on date night
yeah they're our date night oh good
we are bringing them the tone of this at
this hotel
luckily they they position as well at
the back not not up there at the fun
we're at the back here look at him dude
is amazing though look it's little
sandwiches and they look they made me
with no butter and then the cakes are
coming
would you really come for you eat the
sandwiches as like you have the design
you really put everything there mainly
that everyone's at the border which is
gonna be oh yeah I think so they look so
cute though media I mean that careful
though okay I'm the bacon
we need more cakes do we the Japanese
lady born here and she knows that and
the pumpkin with that would I don't care
excited there they say my issue James
and then we catch every one of the
- wait you have to wait I have to wait
for demand a nice Artem what is going on
in here the kids offense of a secret
room and what this is gonna get torn out
of here guys you're gonna be like what's
going on who brought these children to
this place are you inside the glass
thing oh my goodness guys that's what
he's doing is this open come on quickly
hate you want my cake do another
chocolate cake go back to mommy's table
let's go back to the table guys too much
chocolate cake this is not working this
is not all bad
this is not going well is it you can't
get out
he's the door guys also the vlog didn't
go alive I said it to go life but every
time just like the hour of change things
Maxie has sometimes YouTube messed up
and I think the you to scheduling forgot
about daylight savings or winter light
savings or something so I'm sorry to
vlog with 12 minutes late yesterday is
this very land I don't think I'd fit in
Fairyland
all right we are at afternoon looking
this parking spot right at the door
this place is cool oh hey huh
this man's gonna get us the key for the
car and then we can go home guys did you
have fun today yeah it was nice isn't it
look guys it's the rainforest cafe do
you remember oh I want to go there again
now yeah that was that that was standard
for cancer last year guys we are in
proper central London now on the square
I think what's it called Trafalgar
Square
we're in what we think is Piccadilly
Circus he could have war were in Times
Square I think it I would have taken a
very wrong turn I saw a sign for
Piccadilly
yeah no I think this is the Piccadilly
one yeah we basically are in it
look guys do you see all the ads up
there on the TVs does it remind you of
New York did yeah that's what it was
like in New York remember there was big
TVs everywhere the one in New York was a
bit bigger but we're not we're not
comparing when I saw it right ain't it
sighs you want to go in there to the
picket it's a circus guys apparently you
imagine saucony joy isn't playing one
day some day lads the Coney Jory's will
play
okay oh it's go time is it jingle bells
jingle pow
yeah convenient timing
amazing yeah but someone taking a
picture at so Herod we're gonna go see
Santa Claus when we saw him last year
look guys look see the light well the
Christmas isn't now how do we know
getting ready they're getting them ready
I bet a very British fairy tale it says
but it's gonna be epic we're actually
going to drive past new ends how they
says ah should we wave to them they're
probably in bed they probably are in bed
but if you're wearing enough they may
see you I'd say they're in bed Emilia
they are usually in bed by 7:00 on a
school night which you guys should be
too but it's half 7:00 right now yeah we
will
okay
