we're done our children on the way to
steal that
good morning friends today's video is
going to be like a Halloween special
type of video even though Halloween is
not tome Monday but today Friday
Saturday what day is it having it
Saturday today Saturday in our town it's
Halloween so sit back relax and enjoy
this Halloween experience why put you in
Halloween mood first thing you need to
do is face paint the children and then
take them into town and then do some
trick-or-treating I wonder how it's
gonna work out
prepare for Halloween special how you
feeling are you confident no I would not
be confident I'm not professional yeah
do you like it mm-hmm
I kind of wish I was candy Johnson right
yeah she'd be a lot better at it you
said it first
Wow
you look so cool giving yeah it is a
really good job yes Oh word Oh no I'd
want to look in the mirror oh my god
yeah
dun dun dun
do you like it yeah you like it do you
like it so can we take a picture of you
zombie wardo zombie wardo get cute assam
be in all the world
yeah do it again
yeah
NIC it mummy laughs good boy all right
time for the witch you want this girl or
do you want or look at this one you mean
yeah what what you think you can do this
know someone she picked or do you want
the orange one no no about the wait she
the green which you want or do you want
this what if we did your face all green
like a scary witch yeah
hey hey oh this is a girl phone away the
eyeshadow for the brown eyeliner my
friend eyebrows back I can make her look
cross guys okay hold on Eduardo whole
head straight no right a hold on yeah
very cross you're gonna scare everybody
in the town guys oh okay she really gets
into characters Angie everyone into town
not finished
it seemed to me Oh Barney
yeah you're pretty evil mean witch drive
some on your lips now look at mommy
but yeah big cheese your scary face very
good for me yeah oh hello I'm just a
normal guy just chilling around here
hopefully there's no scary which is Ray
anything nearby
scary windy - my candy okay okay oh no
guys we've got a lot of practice I'm
generating are you ready
This Is It this is the moment we've all
been practicing all year long for the
trick or treat
are you ready what are you ready ready
to do this really gets so into character
careful careful which you get so into
character like do you think I should put
some dry shampoo in his hair to make the
braid I was thinking about it and like
spike it up a little bit or something
yeah wait there needs to it waters hair
really quick quote dry shampoo go gray
first if you don't rub it in okay oh
maybe I should do that I look more like
Mark Ruffalo what we have to keep up on
you again this time has to be low okay
yes yeah close your eyes
losers oh my goodness look at this old
man Eduardo do I know
old man Eduardo
in Halloween we're naughty children on
the way to steal they're so funny to to
them they're just like into this
Halloween thing huh
few tractors right here lads future
Academy award-winning actors huh so two
years ago we did this town was like
empty no one else is doing it we just
drove into town and there is like look
at the bump there is like thousands of
people here I've never seen our town so
busy area oh my goodness and it's we
were like that's come in super arity
obviously we're not super arity enough
last year we're in New York humor for a
streamcon or something so we miss it can
I just say Eduardo's got a white scalp
the rest of it this vlog
it looks so funny though thank you you
could have decorated the pumpkin baby
but then you'd have to wear a crop top
like funny I let's go on Jupiter look at
these two monkeys oh is that what's
happening guys don't go too far okay all
right we're just queuing up to do our
goodwill donation at the donation
station are those gray hairs coming out
Oh move it up move it up helping people
in need
all right guys we ready to collect your
pillage yeah then we can start your
treating you - bye all right everyone
let's go let's go it's your first trick
or treat guys okay you ready
check the chain is good no handfuls
thank you there we go
follow the flow put in your bag wait oh
the run at his feet you want a balloon
or a sticker what do you want to pollute
our sticker what no she's not gonna let
you down she has candy Kelly that's it
whoa okay let's go all right okay yes
the dry roast is going one then
Oh big step up okay let's go watch here
for Batman guys take one odors only one
fruit salad left get the last eight
salad I know
let's go guys woo when you go to the
barber shop you might get a free haircut
we go Eduardo right I'll get one cut one
don't no no no pick up a quick a packet
oh no no no no no and not the trick or
treat yeah what is wait this way this
way guys guys guys just cuz it's not
Suites doesn't mean it's not good but in
non sleeps it's all stationary order
confusion Oh take one take one guys
that's to make one pass it on take one
pass it on
okay we're getting somewhere starting to
get very competitive here starting to
get crazy for like elbow people into the
shops get to good sweets
big it is it's the barbers but it's like
the Fleet Street barbers like let's go
oh my goodness
they're so funny oh look at that is a
monster in there Waddell
it's cool so we come for lunch but it
wardo has been licking his face did they
have some candy lollipop yeah he did
cutie cute down me a let me see your
makeup this is still good
oh here's what's good all our nips are
gone we did the entire town I'd say we
did 90% of the town and that was this
failed into Valentina's to get some
lunch and the kids are eating candy
before as the husband aperitif the small
aperitif to their lunch no no we said
one we said one piece of candy well who
knows
excuse me are you allowed to have
sweeties now are you allowed to have
sweepy look at your teeth what happened
look at her mouth Oh guys this is the
fund Impala wean this is it and then you
crash crash and then mom and dad go
alright dinner has been has the long
walk back to the car filled with filled
with sweets
did you eat nearly all of your sweeties
mr. Eduardo he's already had a little
fall he's turning into he's turning into
a real zombie the crash is coming get in
advance everywhere oh I get it was a
successful date oh yeah he knows so much
fun I didn't have to go little and it's
safe and it's not dark and it's scary
and stuff but I like anything let them
run around and it's really cool
successful day and Halloween what's
happening you blowing away
oh no don't shake your bike so much lose
all your sleep
what I be able to
I need it so bad
maybe the
my
all OH
to me
