you move any more boxes - good morning
friends and it's giving away all the
toys all the kids clothes all the kids
clothes and all the kids men and chews
shoes and clothes thank you very much
your donation all right thanks a lot
that's for the person who likes and I do
that oh oh my goodness whatever one of
the big birds came along and eat it
watch watch imagine we have one of those
Falcone's here we could show around what
oh yeah look at this that's probably not
a baby bird No
oh my goodness Eduardo is that your
outfit for Halloween yeah guys remember
our town is this thing where it's like
it's called pillaging village and they
do like a Halloween where the kids can
go trick-or-treating and all the
different shops around town Amelia wants
a green face like a witch don't you face
you want 100 I think and we're better
green face yeah Eduardo can have a grey
face are you a zombie a white face is
how it's on me why are you practice for
a lazy I'm harder to find face paint a
day before Halloween insights your
insights are on your outsides haven't
had a car for a few days
you know our fresh smell when you get in
and you remember
oh it's the Alcantara
what do you think in his jumper bought
this jumper I know not asking you
I bought this jumper like a few months
ago maybe I just never wore it and then
today I was like oh yeah what is induced
we never work when it's wrong giant and
there can't but I have never bought
games clothes before if I was big auntie
sleek dance and so but against and I
yeah I'm just never wore and then today
I was like you know I don't want to wear
a coat because in Ireland like me I was
wearing a coat like all the time I'd
forgotten how cold it was and then here
it's not as cold so I was like I'm just
gonna do jumper poppin in the disco and
I have a jumper right now so yeah let me
know critique me lads but on you could
take me nicely goodness I never even
realized we have one of these here
yeah well guys let's go get some sweets
for Halloween
oh my guess I never even realized you
had one pillowcase and stir pre-fall Oh
what are your five a day I'm gonna buy a
pretty case your coin if you fans ask it
wasn't just I know what they do with it
like just like that comes with a warning
do not eat it but you can buy it oh oh
my in smelling it's too much okay so we
came for face paint
we got the face paint well I've got a
pair of PlayStation wireless headphones
we're also got about 10 pounds of candy
where do you see this stuff guys oh my
goodness I don't even know what I was
thinking
hold on
the car I don't know if this is even for
human consumption but I got excited when
she showed me it's an actual jelly egg
oh it's a salad and grab know like giant
Kona vital 3,000 calories in 3,000
calories yeah yeah 3,000 calories in
this guy - you get this thing success
look yeah it's neither snazaroo hi
everybody my name is baby Wiggy and I'm
just coming inside to see what's going
on with Amelia hi I'm Ellie hats baby
which year
what's going on what no my name is baby
Wiggy no excuse me I'm baby Wiggy so I'm
not baby Annabelle and baby which he now
okay
hey hey boy it's all you're gonna do
when mommy's baby comes it's not what
you're gonna do when mommy's baby comes
amelia is gonna be the best big sister
aren't you show us what you're gonna do
with the baby you gonna hug her yeah
yeah you ever tickles
what's the dwyer gonna do with the baby
you gonna give the baby cuddles you're
gonna give the baby kisses you are I
know you're gonna be a good big brother
you're gonna pretend that you're not a
good big brother but everyone knows
Eduardo is a good big brother
Eduardo is gonna be a good big brother
you will I know you will
so tomorrow I don't know if I told you I
think I may have is our town does the
same where they do a Halloween they do
like a special Halloween daytime thing
for the kids
you guys might remember we went two
years ago myself and Anna dressed up and
we are like the only parents in the
entire town addressed Oh what uh yeah
job up here with me come on we're
telling story so tomorrow very excitedly
it's Halloween for the kids they're very
excited so tonight we're all gonna read
Nightmare Before Christmas are we gonna
read make em for Christmas as a family
all four of us and then tomorrow when we
do tomorrow what Oh what what is well
what can you see better yeah you look
like Daddy he say hello my name's Eddie
I mean God you have to do daddy's voice
oh can you do daddy's voice hi I'm
Debbie goodbye goodbye change okay okay
good good gases yeah what else is that
is a
and daddy says blood King jerky
what's this daddy said mommy what does
daddy say to mommy okay I love you mommy
oh you're gonna wear a costume
and you what are you gonna say to
everybody I'm trying to open this
petition what is this money we just made
a train we just made it rain it's
probably shopkin money is it or
something I've seen you all atwitter my
entire timeline is full of you guys
receiving your advent calendars do not I
repeat do not open the doors
I have seen people leave in comments
about what's on the doors stop it stop
that you know you are the media telling
you to stop it the media tell those that
don't open the doors they do not open
the doors open you go no I mean no
opening the doors right because there's
a secret and they're gonna find out the
secret before they're supposed to so I
gave the secret it was late one fall in
Halloween land and the air had quite a
chill and board with learing my horrible
glances and my feet hurt from dancing
those skeleton dances
okay asked ever terrible mistake
oh I realize I was gonna be that dizzy
did you new van you only don't get run
to me hmm she's so cute oh if I wore a
dog I'd be nothing yeah I'd sit around
all day long
licking my owners as they say my son if
I were is this viola
Theo I eat all day media's Lego movies I
probably do peas and the vibe was Xena
I probably be a best friend till the end
like I recommend I recommend having six
dogs it is the experience me and Mark
here in American accent hi with Mark
Ruffalo the dream yeah I friends need
something to talk about
we're making decisions that's the news
we're trying to decide it's for you with
a pregnancy take away everything it's
like well okay well we're just gonna put
it out there we want you know the other
day and your grandmother was saying was
that your aunt so we've always had our
babies late and we have we've kind of
decided I think we're gonna go for a
hospital we're going to give birth
somewhere in like London
right but then because we were like oh
yeah the kids are gonna be late right
and then a spanner was put into works
it's not I still think I'm gonna be late
but anyway I have decided what hospital
I'm gonna give birth in Jonathan thinks
that there's a decision to be made when
there isn't and I got some paperwork of
the place that I'm going to and I think
we're gonna go and do a tour actually
don't we yeah dance with the invitation
was yeah you gonna tour the hospital
it's babies this is gonna be our first
like British born baby yeah it's gonna
be our first UK baby there's our last
two babies has been an Irish babies and
it's easy when you're in your home
country even over in the home county huh
when you're in your home country it's
like easier but now we're in like a new
country and we don't know anyone or
anything and there are having a baby and
it's like well we have this baby do you
think that babies or puppies are cuter
which do you think well your own babies
no yeah you can't say your own babies so
aside from that in general what do you
think babies or puppies personally I
know what I would choose do you my
babies you can't say my in general so
aside from your own children most
terrible okay the only single puppy is
cute yeah and most babies are
okay this love oh my good oh he got
Reese's twit what's that a peanut butter
man what the hell is a twizzler we find
that you don't want I don't knows what I
like want resealable bag what's inside
of Twitter
yeah the resealable days are long gone
never seen was overall color flavor do
you think I should go it
what is it good what we're hot Twitter
before weird Twitter all right well
there's your Harry just entire pack of
losers my friends thank you for
twiddling in today
if
