good morning friends today we are going
while coding I said that funny I know
it's kind of drizzling a little bit the
guys that's like waiting for us the
birds are already there guys the birds
are there let's go
the birds right site where is everybody
all right let's go owning I know
it's got 5 3 ok I'm just messing all
right let's go falconry
 running oh oh she knows cuz they
told her oh yeah
stick it up let's go yeah I have the key
I have the secret about turning well
Kenny alright so meat is gonna hold the
biggest bird Oh lost Eduardo and he's
off again
Eduardo is about to become a little old
Irish lady he's unfortunately it's
raining but we all have hoods built into
our clothes except for duardo huh hey
this is a historic hotel I didn't
realize that
come on little old lady you have a heart
we all have hoods ya know it's drizzling
we call this drizzling come on let's go
see the Falcons you do it how are you
hey Jonathan Jonathan my name is Reagan
hey nice to me thanks ya know
you want a whole one you wanna hold the
little baby one will get tiny you get
time Oh an even smaller one hello
what you hear I'm talking guys what do
you think of this guy his name is tiny
and he's tiny
do you wanna rub him Tony give him a
little pet wardrobe give me a little bit
he's not he's not mean he won't bite you
oh you are so brave right oh no he's
like a hairy guys I mean look at this
guy
you know you know do you know Harry
Potter activist No
it's so cool so immediate look at this
guy and now like optimist enjoys at
night for hunting what
cool hello all you can hear him talking
don't please go for a walk look at this
guy guys Oh counterbalance oh did you
really well okay don't freak out you're
doing Oh careful careful careful careful
Wow you held one rating oh yeah boy this
one feels heavier okay I'll get this
huge clap I got I'm gonna pick up this
monster
Wolfie don't annoy them without my hand
oh it's so cool all guys you should see
the females females of disarray watch
watch brilliant that's different
all right get it wardo they face that
way right don't don't be alarmed by the
chicken on your head we're back at the
train it is an area where the birds that
she's gonna jump from this beat goals
post appear
full flight full speed mode I was
brilliantly like lightly right in front
of you guys thank you for today
good boy ok if he sees you go down a
Guinness that was really amazing guys I
was skeptical like when I saw the other
people doing it the other day I was like
yeah it's cool but like not in the
interpreter it's like I don't really
care that much but I actually had such a
good time and so did the kids and so did
Jonathan hey the kids have as much fun
as we did they did though in it like
when they got it was a bit long for them
but I found it really interesting even
like the stuff he was telling us like
about the females being words yeah yeah
holy that bird that was I think I know
it was so much fun I know it was just
really cool and then like okay so this
is gross if you're not like you don't
like this kind of thing but the fact
that he was eating like that my full
mouth like he's like sucking in mice and
chickens and stuff I mean it was gross
unlike if you're you know offended by
that kind of stuff you wouldn't like it
but I just thought it was really anyway
we had a really good time now we're
heading to pick up Oh me
all right we came to forget my Italian
and look what I got I got something
there's there's pepperoni inside the
chicken fries and a rocket salad and
that's in some pizza at what eduardo get
pizza as you need after bird catching
and i got some sort of salad media
somewhere down there got pasta do you
pass that almost got pasta to do you get
the same pastas on luma Malik was this
man oh it smells good you up and ran
right out
oh is that Carly I that's the general
one looks like a Kardashian now no
thanks for coming Tamir rest and let
Hank finish their friend don't give me
your lollipop no he doesn't want your
lot about
we're gonna wash your hands in the way
edge yeah let's go oh it's rainy look at
this guy hanging off the road oh my god
look at this your nose
and there's a foot in there it's
brilliant I didn't even notice it in the
way in oh is that what's happening all
right let's go all right tonight we
decided to have food in the house what
are we doing Oh No well I got fish and
chips Mina got ham and cheese sandwiches
water I got some sandwiches Amelia
that's an hour and I got some sandwiches
and I got fish and chips
everyone got some sandwiches everyone
got Sanders is except for me I got a
fish did I oh boy this looks tasty
though doesn't it and we've got some
pudding on the way but the man said the
man said he'll come back later and he'll
check to see if Amelia has eaten her
sandwich and if Amelia has eaten her
sandwich she'll bring the pudding
it's not it's not my it's the rules
that's the rules of the man made up
water just casually having the biggest
sandwich in the world that appropriate
size standard for duardo all that up and
he just picks up the other side oh yes
thank you I know babies don't like
cross-eyed we can't only big son oh no
no these are two giants I knew Jeter's
Jeter who wants to see how to turn
normal back into a fun bubble bath
experience
press the magic button how bubbly is
that guys is that the most bubbly
dispatch you've ever been in why does he
not don't put it in his eyes then Oh
bubbly do this oh my goodness guys
anyone for a tasty bubble now what I
make it even when I make it even more
bubble here yeah the bubble bath look at
that big thick it's some thick and
rubble it's like the dream but now we
can play little versed I still got to
tidy arcade that big bear well I'll tie
you to little bear said you and me
simply fair you try to your things
little bear and I'll look after the rest
he's putting here all the toys in a box
I want you to play a little better
we'll have to play by yourself with a
very big
I want you to do does the moon not know
it needs the Sun to shine illuminating
all its melancholy sadness downer
friends are
does
