good morning friends he was asleep
before did huh well not really I did
give him a 10 minute warning about
breakfast because we ordered a breakfast
for half-past eight you and Eduardo are
so similar well and Emilia and I are so
similar like because she and I are
always like we get off we're like fine
bright-eyed bushy-tailed and then like
him and Eduardo were like oh I want to
sleep he's oh he's so slow to wake up
and then same with you like for sure
yeah Jonathan literally last night like
it wasn't even funny
if it had been like another situation
where I didn't know the person it would
have been funny but I felt so bad I was
in bed and it was the middle of the
night in media I wanted to go for a wee
and he brought her and he's mr. Lee
walked in first into this fall and like
with his head and I heard it and then he
was just like not saying anything like
that's dangerous like I know I'm
laughing and all but it's kind of
dangerous so I don't think this is gonna
be the weather for the rest of the day
because it didn't it said it was gonna
be like sunshine and cloud but right now
it's so misty like you can't even see if
you think that it's out of focus it
probably actually isn't waiting for her
breakfast is coming in like 10 minutes I
think yeah
you guys alright it's so dark today as
well he's not
oh and the media was writing her
Christmas at the store there weren't you
your letter to Santa
y'all write it why not some cough
medicine I was explaining to media this
morning she was my first baby because
she was she gets really excited about
the new baby buzz trying to explain to
her that she was my first one I don't
know she got it or not
go go go go go go go go god who's gonna
be the winner Oh take it over
coming into line face best friend's
place your backs
Oh Mina gets to the first hurdle Oh
Eduardo's like I'm behind this is it it
was like a joint it was a choice there's
still more
it goes this way where no you're the
winners frenzy see here's the thing
right I'm right the life and soul in the
park you know I'll stay up really late
I'll stay up longer than anybody else
and I'll keep truckin once I'm awake I'm
awake never have naps in a day but then
once I go asleep that's it done for you
know yeah and that's me you're like it's
super early riser oh but you have not
stirred again you're in bed like nine
o'clock I know but you know all the
parties I'll keep on going and stuff
like that you know different different
types all types these are gonna be you
are just gonna I mean he's gonna be at
the party er like me she's a hundred
percent merry right there oh oh it's
right yeah yeah yeah yeah cuz he does
he's the one that gets up at night
himself
oh my goodness what a foggy this guy's I
can't even see anything I need to get
different glasses once I can see in the
fog seriously look at this it's like a
movie the mist well there's a monster
was it a monster in the mist
what okay here hold on let me see okay
right in here
well we did actually yesterday that door
was open so I had a little sneak peek
inside it's a big church spoiler alert
no we're going over here to the car and
there we go guys that's what we're going
to that's what a birdies wire huh
certainly look at that you've already
run out that when I wouldn't actually
even be able to see you anymore yes are
you so sure that's the garden where the
birds are
all right we stopped by homies has to
pick up Erica and now we're heading
somewhere else but oh we're just giving
Bank his treat I think she I cute is
this dog guys look at him he's so calm
but he's like a really big Jack Russell
or something I don't know I had to
explain it he's such a cutie doggy do
you want treat do you want to treat the
kitchen grab my bags
all right Minj one treat do you guys
want to get Benji Street music before
well break it now oh no and you take him
to our you can both hold it hopefully he
doesn't eat your hands all right let's
go guys wait did you say you saw a shark
it's an honor
yeah it's a seal yeah see you guys is a
seal it's an ark it's a killer whale
hello guys I know you can see it right
there I'm trying to see where in fear
where is he gone this one here that
where Oh
there's one there I know time we are
going to place the house hotel we have
to find parking sure what's happening
here what's happening Oh
oh thanks I still I will say it will go
on record though to say I'd rather carry
him that have a stroller it's so much
easier thankfully we're done with babies
oh my goodness did oh my goodness I've
been telling her she had ever
encountered anything they were so
they're exclusive you could sell that on
eBay for like twice the price right now
never bring toys to the table but in the
scenario when irresponsible people bring
toys to the table there's nothing you
can do which get involved I think was
almost false here OMA almighty original
we're talking right okay all right so
you got these two guys there oh we're
gonna make the do flip so you ready you
ready for the flips who thinks who
thinks gonna win the pink one and a blue
one
what's your news young man whoa I mean
what you're doing oh my goodness it's
got the channel we measure hop to the
bathtub or do your chin so I want you to
hop to the bathtub with a pitcher on
your chin all right now to come back
hold on wait over there wait over there
you have to tiptoe to the sinking back
just with a fish in your arm
tiptoe tiptoe look we've ended up guys
an actual shopping center
well this is cool this is unexpected
I just wanted to try and find a car park
and and then we came downstairs guys
juicy just skeletons Eduardo you see the
skeletons in this canary mummies huh not
that scary mommy this scary man oh geez
oh geez what are you doing huh
no these are dangerous immediate daddy
will spend all of our money in this game
if you start me if you start me I won't
be able to stop Pasha oh they do have my
shot for that one go quick stop for an
old ice burger probably the best ice
cream in the world this thing is kind of
scary all right now we're gonna try and
go to the toy shop remember the toy shop
that was closed here today it's around
the corner here if it's open come on ice
cream ice cream gang blowing the whistle
the trains gonna leave
and look what happened Anna somehow
accidentally tripped and fell into Brown
Thomas Ashley it's actually open guys on
a roll buddy thing it's actually open
near the door no he's on ice cream
eating mode it's a slow process come on
you mean that's going it's going
let's go hello the grounds you know this
is where your first toy came from Amelia
before you were even born
do you remember this from when Amelia
was a baby and we used to change her and
we had this little cat a nice thing it
was in our core cast isn't it yeah when
I was so cute by the window ledge it's
so cute and these little guys here it
must be all the stuff that's in here
well you can't get that that's too big I
see something smaller we can actually
take home Amelia Amelia
they've got dollies Wow look take a
fatty stuff babies
Katie crews sometimes babies do cry Hey
look at this guy guys hello hello we're
trying to wake you wakey Eduardo wakey
wake you are no vici wake you wanna know
you give me no easy kisses if we give my
own clip what about that wait oh okay
weirdo I got your toys I'm just gonna
bring your toys inside all right guys
look gonna be tissues right all right
guys you can't see me but we are in a
pan dry cotton right
nursery in the morning no look at this
dougie
go dougie where's the cat where's the
cat okay back away from the cache back
away from the cache oh my she got me
that funny was it alright guys let's go
alright we are back oh and it is nation
in the dark we're back at the hotel
again Amelia's little shoes like no they
are coy hand it gives you can spot the
kids yeah come on we have to go into the
castle the hotel world castle I know I
know
inside a hotel she'll actually pronounce
hotel yeah hotel that and I'm like no
Amelia it's the hotel it's a hotel it'll
always be the hotel you live in so well
come on keep going
chump good chance what a spider oh it is
a little tiny spider and you spot that
the nightly runs in the room or daddy's
passing the media house only is positive
