good morning friends and welcome to the
video what is that cats out of the bag
we are pregnant with our fourth child
technique our fifth pregnancy but our
fourth child guys this is crazy
the life is so crazy with three children
mm-hmm exactly
hop into your seats please I'm also
probably more than likely when I say
more than likely definitely going to
have to get rid of this car you barely
can even fit a lesson here not alone
another baby okay
lives are changed forever guys for
children I'm so excited I'm so excited
for all four my youngest child to be 2
and have like a whole like little gang
like a little gang a little community
it's gonna be so much fun like we just
need to get over the hardest thing about
Alessia was going from having a
two-year-old to having Alessia our child
which definitely like destroyed us
we had like no sleep for about the first
six months was like intense I think the
first six months is the hardest but then
I always say I'm like there's no more
sleep to lose you know what I mean like
there's no where they can't go oh boy
oh no please don't fall okay welcome
back welcome back camcorder
anyway Marley the story you can't get
worse you can't get worse Amelia can it
yeah yeah way we'll find out him with
you like a flashback to this video of
when I said it can't get me they always
talked about the new baby in videos not
always at the edited I didn't I
what's wrong good writer ome never knew
that why do I ever see my time you watch
these guys I'm putting up the gender
video today so they know is it a boy is
it a boy or girl yeah
what it's a boy you're gonna have two
boys and are you gonna edit out I love
picking so they all think it's a girl
is that gonna be your big prank and
everybody yeah okay well apparently it
might be a girl it's a boy Eduardo two
boys and two girls the package we're
gonna package deal one gap use the one
girl also Eduardo Eduardo Eduardo what's
the baby's name the new baby's name
wants to name the baby
why though I do you do I don't want to
name the new baby Eduardo so we're gonna
have a mania Eduardo Alessia and Eduardo
yes it was you add water daddy unless
your mummy into me and Thank You Millia
let's get us good
today we're here though form and not in
the sky but you'll see everything right
big scam yeah yeah but did you take the
whole party in a way Oh
and mom little toes the Energon
yeah yeah sure isn't looks like a less
yeah
okay everyone was saying if I double tap
this your door will open go ah I guess
you're right
thanks everybody for your information
about the double tapping of the keys
heading to see another house because
nothing set in stone yet so I don't want
to put my what is that expression put
all my eggs in one basket
we still love the address I think it's
like yeah and put an offer down in the
other house right and then they said
like then they rejected first when they
encountered and then it was like I think
the best thing to do is just like walk
away I'm just gonna walk away and we're
just gonna continue on literally no
point in getting attached to any
properties what I've learned from like
in the past not even attached yeah this
has happened so many times so I'm just
like yeah it's a nice house but like you
know and I did really like it and of
course I would like to move into that
house aw little doggies but um I'm not
gonna get my hopes up and I'm not gonna
feel like upset if it doesn't happen
because I've just paid you just can't
and we're really really lucky that we're
not in any chain um so we have that to
our advantage because I don't even know
what like some I think one of the moms
at the school yesterday she was like
you're so lucky because that is the most
stressful part is like trying to match
up your sale with you know yeah and like
we don't actually have to do that so
that's really good
we definitely need a bigger house now ah
possible new neighbor
that's cool
look on the light alright we are back in
the car little bit lost my best friend
is here
my best friend Ana has actually put up a
pregnancy video guys the first pregnancy
update video and she's gonna do them all
true every day who's gonna know once a
week is it if I can it might not be well
yeah your name but check it out and it's
super long it's like 26 minutes long but
it's really good guys I think it's
really cool so make sure to tune in to
Ana's channel I don't know where we're
going
does he have to be back to my house okay
you pull in I didn't even know this road
went this far
alright please hold
dinner here it was amazing I don't mind
can I bring my own makeup the head
makeup artists at benefit I've got 15
years experience make my own loom and
Alice telling me that she wants to bring
out my makeup use it I cannot be
elephants my congratulations and the six
dogs who I love the most
okay my stool and you did Jonathan's
bread yeah it's okay great it's not - is
there no going back now that's it well
unless you want to have - nice work brow
just like this okay
tomorrow is better for me because then I
can sleep in tomorrow don't have to do
my makeup I have six like our usual
we're very excited
like you have a little Eduardo and she's
gonna have a little brother sorry you
have a big Eduardo oh well that will be
14 but omen Erik's don't listen I have
what color hair do you think your little
brother's gonna have and what color eyes
do you think your little brother's gonna
have brown eyes well Amelia's brown eyes
Eduardo has brown eyes
mami has brown eyes what color I used to
study Hough green and what her eyes do
unless you have em so I wonder so what
do you think Brown you eight unless you
eyeball do you think your new little
brother's favorite color is gonna be his
favorite color is gonna be blue whose
bedroom is here in your love butter
gonna sleep in and my bedroom my my I'm
gonna eat chocolate every day with him I
can't wait to see you I hope you have
fun we're gonna make it feel like this
is your own home hope you have some nice
and nice time here we're gonna make it
feel like it's your real home not like
it in my tummy I hope you have ever
nice time hey I hope you a very nice and
connection and like told me very happy
and warm
I can't wait to meet you and meet you in
the hospital
never Eduardo Alleluia and I hope you
have a nice time and I hope you watch
this and video ina stay comfortable have
a nice time being a mummy coming
