good morning friends so who's coming
today
Eloise let's you know today's a Friday
what and then just one another Friday
and then it's back to school
I think they should maybe get rid of the
midterm race what do you think holiday
soon well this is holidays run holidays
we're going to see them very shortly
you guys mini Monet I have to go to
Gold's Gym to pub/sub are just did my
workout with Lucy and it was a little
bit like she's I don't want to say she's
amped it up because compared to what I
was doing before it's nothing I think I
needed it because I wasn't really
feeling it as much afterwards or as now
like from Monday's workouts we worked
out on Monday as well I felt it like on
Tuesday and Wednesday like I could feel
it like I didn't feel like yesterday
like yes by yesterday it was fine I get
this I got this last time I got pregnant
and check out the bump but this set is
from my malicious and it's a pregnancy
like a maternity workout set to really
fit it but I really like it because it
really like accentuates the bump and
then okay so it looks ridiculous right
now here let me show you in this mirror
I got my own slippers on but I like how
they're those 3/4 length I don't know
that I think I'm more
flattering for some reason yeah the
workouts are going well I wish I could
do them three times a week rather than
two because things just keep coming up
and then I'm like I'm not as dedicated
as I was this time last year but I am
pregnant so that's kind of obviously got
something to do with that and then with
my eating as well I think really really
good some days and then other days I
just pig out and I feel like it's normal
more because it's pregnant pregnancy but
I feel really crap the next day like
last night I totally picked out I
shouldn't have but I did and you know
what it is it's so when I'm tired I
think I said it in last night's vlog
whenever I get really tired I eat more
but when I've got enough sleep I'm like
I eat just normal but it's um apparently
it's like it's not just in my head like
Lucy was saying that it's totally true
so your body like releases this hormone
when it's tired that like tricks your
brain into thinking that well because it
needs more energy so it wants to eat
then alright what needs to like feed
more so it's so true but I just wish I
wouldn't eat junk cuz I know it's bad
for me and I shouldn't be having that
and like you know I eat really healthy
during the day but then sometimes I can
just be really naughty like the jelly
beans that's really become like a
problem
salty crisps and all that kind of stuff
I need to just stop it and I feel really
bloated today and I know that's why
anyway that's my little rant over
now that's a tasty cup of coffee friends
my friends my friends loads you guys
have been tweeting me pictures of you
guys with your calendar and then some of
you guys managed to get the elusive
exclusive as being calendar we need to
make a deal though about the app in
dollars okay if you bought an advent
calendar don't open it until December ok
I know I told you there's something
there's something in here alright
there's a really cool thing that I took
ages to develop and come up with this
little fun game that I okay there's a
little gaming back but there's a fun
game in here and it's like a thing that
you could enjoy and we can play it
together everyday in the vlogs we're
gonna open a day and if you get the
advent calendar and you rip it open and
you eat all the chocolate and you you
you figure out the game and you figure
out the surprise I've put up I've put
something in place to stop you being
able to see it so don't don't go and rip
it open and try and it will be more fun
if we all do it together it will be more
fun and then obviously you know only a
very limited amount of people actually
managed to get the calendars I still
can't believe how many people bought
these recipes you guys so learn today is
insane
you can still get the actual real
calendar there's a link down below if
you order it today or order it now I
think I don't know
I ordered a limited amount of the
postcards and the stickers but if
there's any left
we'll definitely throw them in with the
calendars and and we're gonna try and
sign a ton of them as well so some of
you guys to get them signed to our last
year we wrote on some of the insides and
stuff for them yeah they're really cool
I think you should get one you should
get one I think you should that's it
that's good
if you promised like anyone who doesn't
have one a promise to order one I'll
show you a little thing I'm placing one
link st√©fano go order one and I'll show
you what kind what kind of one month you
want to see one once you want to see
idealize the old anniversary I'll take
you in as well
oh these are so good though aren't Eddie
I love that one I love that one I love
all of them all right okay I'll go Shey
join see this this is a really cool okay
if you promise to get one go down did
you order it did you don't you lie to me
okay I'm trusting you look at this how
here is that picture of me and Amelia
sitting on a little frog isn't it so
cute huh oh my goodness
darling me that also this is the last
calendar that we are going to do that is
going to be Amelia and Eduardo and Anna
and the Jonathan that's it next year
it's gonna be M have we told her her
name like Amelia
Eduardo Anna and Jonathan that's gonna
be cool huh well you have fun here you
forgot those bits eat your greens Shion
of course is because everybody's going
except for him come on mrs. he just
carry on come on someone have to comment
and they were like does anybody else
love when Jonathan does this opens this
thing I know so for all that oh maybe
it's like an ASM or was it some sort of
a some or trigger by opening closing
pings that unity you know anna has
driven her car look at all the leaves
yes yes all these are all over my car
and they're everywhere
honey no more on my sofa Tiffany oh yeah
you only get on that going around that
case I suppose this is good
you came along ruin our life it's it's
this girl right now you haven't done a
school run it's gonna be a mare you know
when you get back into us you know you
don't get TVs on but Amelia today I
booked flights hotels and cars is not
exciting
I'm pooi your house your pink house the
media has an imaginary pink hence that
she talks about sometimes and she's like
oh who cares we do this with my children
it's really cute my god that's funny
actually I had an imaginary world when I
was a kid like I had imaginary friends
and stuff I think she she likes to play
like mommies and daddies and so in her
head she's like because she says that it
would have a pink kitchen and a pink
phone and a pink of it like everything
would be pink in it horrible we're like
a war everything is pink cool no you
would grow you would hate that very
quickly there we go
that's the door here's the hairdresser's
are you ready we see if it's open
what are you going through this way
let's go follow the diversion
all right almost reversing that thing
that arrow Donna I'll be fine
what kind of haircut you wanted media
Joe means quit your hair without you do
is daddy daddy can do instead do you
think princess wine media's getting a
haircut that's killer I don't think
she's going to her dad's or something
isn't it nice well she really came for
the ten that's what we came for you want
the biscuit yeah you wanna take one take
one yeah take one I know
oh good choice I was totally worth it
there shall be no iPads on Monday to
Friday what day is today Tuesday it's
actually Friday which as I believe I may
have stated in my earlier post there
shall be no iPads on the Monday to
Friday did you discover excuse did you
just cough I'm not sure I understand
there shall be no coughing
when I said your shall be new iPad's
Monday to Friday yeah
and water can you tell me what day it is
today
I love balls Mondays and this little
lady tells me it's a choose it what
Friday Friday yeah
it is Friday what now Eduardo listen to
me are you like a bypass on Fridays this
Friday sound like Saturday yeah
no but this Friday sounds like Sunday
what does that sound like ah it sounds
like no iPad day isn't that correct
oh now please make your way to the
shower what you want to play the
question game you think you're good
enough to play in a question deep hello
my name is Amelia these are my hands and
we just can excuse me excuse me little
man okay so just gotta fix my hair oh
you got something in my ear oh I'm just
gonna do some dancing what's that what
is this virtue V or game inside the
printer why was this inside the printer
maybe I have a throne way around it
maybe it's supposed to go this way or
does it go this way
which way do you go again that way what
if I did it like in the middle way this
way in the morning I like to sing a song
for you because you
my boom-boom boom-boom-boom wailing God
barrel of money ain't got a barrel of
money I'm just singing my song bopping
along side by side don't they do bigger
1330 little baby boom boom
thank you for watching this video my
name's Ben Amelia and you just got
immediately
