good morning friends as you can tell
it's very dark guys I think we now go to
sleep in the dark and we'll wake up in
the dark inside mummys window was it was
the spider's name yeah Sammy no what's
happening is that so Eduardo wet his bed
last night for the first time ever first
time first time for everything
and uhm yeah his pull-up leaked he's not
in like pants or anything not that time
obviously he's not even during the day
I tried potty training him and then he
was just like it wasn't going anywhere
so I did that with Amelia too and she
was two and a half and then I just
stopped and then revisited it a few
months later because my personal feeling
on it is that they have to be ready but
obviously everybody's different like I
know people who have putted train their
kids out like two and one month I don't
I don't do that unless they're maybe
like the next baby will be so already I
don't know but unless they're like 100%
ready I just don't don't do it
I hate this stage the bedwetting stage
which he's not even really at yet but um
yeah he's just his pull up leaked so
I need to change his bed sheets I need
to get him some new pajama bottoms as
well really dark guys because it's like
autumn winter tiny okay what bottoms
should I give him oh I just need like
some spare ones I mean just drip and
let's see it's not that bad and I know
there's a mattress protector underneath
so it could be a lot worse
how's it soaked through through this is
kind of okay let me do this I can't do
this one-handed are you guys gonna bake
that with mommy with the one void egg
what Oh careful of your brother
pick him up make sure he's okay
what can you do a guess hello friends
myself and Amelia ha are doing sticker
time are we having sticker time yeah
hey did you know that so many calendars
and the advent calendars have been
delivered to our friends today isn't
that exciting yeah Eduardo what have you
got there
what have you got in your hand what no
guys that's not we were supposed to be
doing here
no no you're gonna get neat oh oh that's
it we're in trouble
Gray's in trouble already you over here
for two minutes we're already in trouble
okay put that back nothing you saw
nothing
nothing happens oh look what Anna and
the kids have made Oh pumpkin cupcakes
mmm that's more like chocolate cupcakes
trick or treats
well the way our outsides delightful and
it soon
I wish I had some trifle hold mines for
trifle ads oh jeez hello hello and he
goes to its price and he go sees I'm
most still here lads
I'm OHS okay hello Theodore Theodore
okay friends everyone keeps asking me
about the friendliest friends videos
alright so let me just place this down
here we I am planning on making more
friends friends videos I trial it a
while ago a few months back just to see
where people be interested in people
like it and we had a bit of time to kind
of work on it and then you guys loved it
we're talking like half a million he
who's on the all the episodes it was
crazy you got 200,000 subscribers like
overnight it was like insane so I was
like okay we need to go out we need to
like get a team together so if you're
doing that with my ass
you guys do you want to do you want a
job and wow Lowe's you guys right you're
such a talented bunch we put lots of
those names into the machine we have
we've been interviewing people you've
got some interviews this week got some
interviews next week and then hopefully
very shortly we're gonna we're gonna
find the team get them together and lock
them down and then we're gonna start
producing friendliest rent videos again
this time we're gonna be amazing because
it won't be just me and that's the
problem it's just me but I'm all I want
to make these video the vlog videos for
you guys as well and and raise my
children and do my other businesses and
do other things that I do so I have
great hope and excitement for future
friendliest friend videos so get excited
for that coming soon right now lads we
are going to possibly the most stressful
thing a might well maybe not the most
stressful thing in my life
is it all right having kids is tough
get married is a bit stressful finances
jobs bills blood or but you know what
tops them all trying to buy a home for
the family let me tell you like well I
can't really tell you it's so stressful
it sounds stressful it's crazy why do
people even buy houses like you finally
find one you like and then and then
someone and then just suddenly earnest
bidding when you know what's going on I
don't want to muddy Fitness out then you
have to like get somebody to give you
loads of money
step 2 man I'm the money and then you
gotta make offers and then counter
offers and bids and then there's other
people are viewing properties like why
are you letting other people look at my
house that's my future home and then
it's not your home and someone else
dated me or haven't any more I know your
dreams are over anyway that's what I'm
going through right now I should leave
here now before I get too emotionally
upset okay let's go inside guys let's go
inside
these guys hate this time of year cuz
it's fire what's going on
fireworks oh you like this it's a new
look I'm bringing out their move dinner
it's called the M Santo pendel you need
Red Sox ed to do a properly yeah are you
guys still here do you don't have a bed
to go to something one push push Glide
so Amelia's friends were over today did
you have fun yeah yeah so maybe his
friend was over today and you know we
always joke about bad things happening
to Nevaeh well oh no was messing and
they broke one of the dog bowls and look
it's the thais dog ball got broken like
seriously of all the dog balls to
actually get break break to actually get
broken
wha that's right was actually never his
dog ball oh no they are you
Nevaeh everything bad happens to you huh
okay not everything Babbage's everything
happens I know wait that's actually a
nice picture at your lovely cupcakes
he's getting cool wait like yeah
anything anytime does something like
like you were saying today when they
kids were throwing the balls oh no I
have enough you try it on what happened
I dragged myself into this oh the kids
like that did you have one yet are they
pumpkin flavored yeah no I funk answer
was reporter in them
it's so cool like Anna for little
witches on them what does he mean yeah
well I mean is our friend came over
today and brought her sister and they
all munched him down once you were just
outside tired today I think should I
filmed the baking video I think that's
why I'm so tired
and obviously we had played a instead
but I'm just exhausted and when I'm
tired I feel like I eat more is really
bad I feel like when I'm not tired I
don't eat as much friends we have a new
game ok the name of this game take the
ceiling it's not a necklace on nice just
careful it doesn't hit his all right
maybe our next contestant all right here
we go here we go ready oh that was a
good run ok throw me up okay you can
okay ready 1 2 3
did I do it then I kick it you won't get
anything she won't do anything else okay
I'm just gonna lay out here okay
wait why are you taking him up I feel
like
well these only one child hello you
stink of poo yeah I'm just gonna let you
know okay okay Joe Joe can you put this
candle light hold t light holder back
please
thank you careful immediate they are
precious all right give it to mummy
what do you think I look like oh my
goodness tie your hair in a ponytail and
then be all that get secretary be like
hello good morning mr. Joey here's your
coffee
No Ciccone told me okay actually
I think it's quite sexy wants it to be
like attractive and I'm like can I sit
up or not no you're not lived hold that
wasn't my necklace
cuz I'm playing this flag up to say hey
okay cuz it says oh happy birthday yeah
happy birthday from though all that
party Oh for new range that day for you
I love you kisses and hugs
okay oh there's a naked child you're
holding what are you doing what are you
doing huh why don't you make it yet
