and as out for a haircut and the annual
haircut lads thank you have fun oh yeah
yeah do that
Oh hungry angry good morning friends and
welcome today today's the day lads
today is the day it's some sort of a day
I think everyone's gone by the way kids
are off and dance classes and it's just
got to get a hair done we have some
meetings this morning they're all being
completed sit I'm home alone dad I hate
when the lambo looked and I'm both
getting they're almost getting close for
Lambo right that's gonna do something
what if you got here madam
Wow is that it is that breakfast in bed
oh it's for all the princesses oh what's
in the sandwich ah
is it an egg sandwich is this a cowboy's
cream egg wow this is a very nice
restaurant Henry what's over here dry no
oh it's like the lounge area of the
restaurant
friends we're on a mission a mission
from Mars we're not going to Mars you
know we are though we are halfway
through the first week of midterm oh I'm
not a fan of Eco mode on the cars unless
do you know why I'm not a fan of just
totally lost the track of time but do
you know why I'm not a fan of eco modes
on cars sometimes the children might go
to sleep and they're happy asleep right
and then you come up to traffic light
and the car shuts off and they're like
ah are we home I'm like no we're just
cause you know like the minute the car
stops then it's like they wake up do you
remember from when I was a child that's
what happens that's what happens to our
children anyway and it's like no eco
mode and yeah halfway through the first
week of midterm and we are surviving we
are surviving friends there's just so
many things going on actually don't have
this car parking there's so many things
going on that we can't really flog but
like I want to tell you guys about more
stuff but oh I'm excited there's some
really exciting things coming up friends
so we're working on three really really
big exciting projects at the moment I'm
really excited to share them with you
when we can't share them with you which
hopefully will be shortly which will be
shortly well one of them it's gonna be a
long long way away another one's gonna
be very short
I'm talking in cryptic messages like I'm
just gonna go
so and it's been here all day long right
this curtis done nothing I like to stir
nothing they've been there to pregnant
women chatting all day long that's what
it's going going on it looks the same it
looks nice though you may say well it
kind of looks his name a bit
oh it's got the oil in there now
autumnal didn't get a cut at all it
looks like a different colors that's too
much no no it looks really princess he
was that the Gaul yeah so I just got my
hair done I am so happy with it last
time I got it done was six months ago
she kept it on the thing she was like
yeah it was a in six months I was like
great at least it wasn't a year she said
like realistically I'm not gonna get it
on every eight weeks like trimmed
because I'm just not but she said I
should probably get it for a tiny little
trim like every ten weeks so let's see
if I stick to that ten weeks that sounds
crazy every ten weeks getting a haircut
but yeah it's like oh my goodness my
gen√®ve am i know cuz my hair grow it's
just I have short hair so grows longer
or faster you know right in long-term
yeah cuz you're not trying to grow
exactly exactly John I think you know is
the state
we see what movies are on cuz that was
kind of fun last week yep the girl the
trainee but I believe do you like my
hair I really love your hair so I got
but I believe it's my choice no my hair
so I got some dark put through it
because it's coming up to autumn which
you can kind of see there in the light
she doesn't pumpkin and and she does the
best blow drys Alex isn't Sarah
Alexander does the best blow dries I've
had blow dries by lots of different
people in not so different okay not lots
of different countries but a few
different countries and they have not
been as good as Alex it was like I do it
for the kids every night I've loved
riding kids hair every night I consider
myself quite good at it I've got heels
what I do is it is Wireless I do this
twirl technique he quite lies it gets
his curls that when a meeting is I do
two brushed and flip up anyway so I'm
gonna tag her on my Instagram trying to
like just have it as long as possible I
want my long hair I'm I was like I
really don't want to cut it again I was
like Emily I was like every time I have
a baby
I cut it short and she was like I feel
like you won't cut it this time
like I hope you're right she's right
hello mr. princess mr. princess did you
give mommy a flower yeah is there is
there a flower for daddy
yeah can daddy have a flower
oh thank you Eduardo hey mommy
anything different about mommy he's
raising different on me Amelia come here
immediately ran check
oh hello princess you had waffles
immediate there anything different about
mommy is there anything different
nothing at all what's different it's a
different color ish spiders and eyeballs
that looks like tasty dinner YUM for
pudding
what weight is daddy tiger and open for
business
Oh daddy squish ground are you putting
them on Hey look really cool huh you
look cool can you see everything clearly
- it is everything big I didn't pass to
DIRECTV really thank you
you don't see me you're a bigger face
first more one okay
small and big small and big what's it
better is the better looking true them
or without them really but you got your
eyes bastards you don't need them yeah
my gosh maybe if you get a job in
computers or something you'll burn your
eyes like that eat it that's what
happens
that's Fellini glasses because that is
always on the computers you know yeah
what do i do on the computers bring your
eyes I bring my eyes and I make videos
and I do work stuff yeah I got my eyes
tested week you remember when we got our
eyes tested together yeah you got
sunglasses and my car crashes passes and
is wide open sunglasses I think kitty oh
he wasn't there it was a daddy-daughter
situation
do you remember oh me Gino Romy lives in
Galway I'm gonna go to go away go away
it's joke always called an Irish it's
called Galia Galia that's the Irish for
Galway hey mommy and daddy have to go
and share their love for each other you
get today Eduardo is going to look after
you and put you to bed
it wants gonna be in charge okay who
wants to be in charge I mean the origin
wardo a date night then what if I go in
a date night we might have a ball
Becky the warmer Becky you guys seen
that I'm fine
wah-wah Becky
who's crazy what I'm crazy you crazy are
you crazy why No oh I don't want to put
the mine can you see Peppa Pig you look
cool
no why do you have it go already it's
weirdos turn be careful wardo we don't
want to break them
yeah daddy won't be able to edit the
videos he loved Burnie eyes yeah you
should get we should get your eyes
tested winners are you are you well
they're not burning now come up I'm not
concentrating it's if I look at the
screen or watch you just turn my had a
date tonight
maybe like this I like to throw waka we
should go we should put on French excuse
me can we live here and it's in a walk
way you've accepted we're in everybody
that's it okay the sooner we accept it
the better we'll just be able to move on
with our lives just a pair of fellas
fillet in Tel Aviv no it's falling down
she would been in this town for so long
now I know this is the longest you ever
stayed somewhere
I know it's Dave in court as a whole but
it's the longest house we've ever lived
in
I think that's what it is it's a school
system probably stuck here for the next
12 years boy
it's just mad you think about it how you
think like all member when we first came
here and everything looks so different
and they're everything so familiar does
that happen with places when you stay
there long enough
