good morning friends that's the cover
you are so you guys are going to spooky
mini dancers today the donkey stepped on
your toes
Oh doggy stepped on his toe guys hi
horsey okay okay did you get dressed
because want me daddy have to go see the
baby I mean that you have to go see my
baby shortly
don't put them back with white oh yes
we'll be back in time we're just going
quickly in to see the baby have a quick
meeting do it or some stuff what we will
be back dougies are no walks
oh where does ghosties why do we have
ghosties in our hands I want to go see I
want to go see what see bye everybody
we need to know their dog show again yes
yeah what is the big spider outside
Oh mommy's got the spider bye thank you
are you big spider don't get me she burn
me timbers that's captain pirate Eduardo
you so cute mr. hmm captain pirate
Eduardo huh we keepin the astronaut one
for Halloween yeah sir no one's amazing
no leave the ghosty oh you're putting a
ghosty back properly oh my goodness this
team lies has been jumped did you eat
them Emilia ate them and like this is
nearly all gone did you eat that and who
ate the coasties head no who laid the
GoSee head yeah once you don't have a
necklace on but you have an eyepatch on
mister
mmm really let me see what's in media
again do you remember what's it mean
this star sign again Anna Virgo and
Eduardo is Aries well mommy's gonna get
you one okay because you tangled one we
gave them one it's me buddy tangled it
up oh well we'll untangle it mister
we'll get a tangle tease
you guys having a little dinner party
here nice view
you got a good spot in a restaurant that
I should be a cool restaurant where's
the bathroom other batches right here oh
you made a bathroom oh my goodness it's
so cool yeah you know bye bye thank you
all right it is lashing rain that's not
a fun day in from city exploring it has
to be done has to be done
all right we're here every every time we
come we're getting earlier and earlier
we get really good at this by the time
it comes to the baby we are gonna be on
time wonder what she looks like today
look you can see a little face here keep
the nose no no we had it a minute ago it
was amazing
well baby there she turned oh look
there's a photograph of her waving now
you see hello
that's a lovely picture saying hello mum
and dad because the little finger isn't
everything you can see how they look of
us lovely fingers calcified it's amazing
that is lovely
it's so cool isn't it he's waving at you
it's so pointy it's almost like you
think it's almost like she's saying hi
friends what are you doing what did you
get it no I'm sure it's fine
why sure it's fine that's so cool but
it's just like almost like waving okay
yeah hi fans okay that's her first Thai
friends all right we have left we
actually had to go off and get blood and
stuff done blood yeah
listen mister blood-to-blood yeah we're
gonna off to meet Adam and Sabrina do
you guys remember that I was a take a
year ago it was a while ago and I was
talking to you guys about
we were dinner I was sitting I starting
another business where Adam and Sabrina
and Hannah and am yeah and then we were
looking for office space and then we
just kind of stopped talking about it
for ages because it was going through
like developing and stuff anyway we have
a tech team and we're gonna meet the
development team now lots has happened
it's gone really really far everything's
going great
but yeah we're gonna get to meet the
team now I'm not sure how much you value
of the show you were not on the main bar
and far along we are we know honey
well yeah it's gonna be we're gonna meet
there's going to be a public launch for
this thing and shortly which i think is
really cool and it's a really cool
service a really cool thing but in the
meantime there's been just a lot of
behind-the-scenes development going on
but yeah today I hopefully I'll be able
to show you something that we kind of
cool because we've been seeing it
but I wanted to show you so we're here
Adams all suited and booted today
business business mode this is business
Adam fun social animals that they delay
with the cosmos on donors to velocity
shake coffee coffees reporters copies
all right friends they'll be long
meeting we see this little tiny office
this is for future reference this is
what we started in this is where I
started this tiny guys I'm so small it
is tiny little box and then and then
someday we'll move to this video oh
that's that's the big time over there
last will become a fortune 500 this is
the big time this is the dream I'm not
who we're gonna put no we need we need
to make children you guys have three
kids and we've got three kids there's
enough employees in here and the dogs
it's in fact you don't actually do any
worker we just come here for the face
ball and a table tennis
just pretend you're working oh this one
by guys where's the balls we are home oh
we've been seen hello everybody
taking them to jail all the toys did you
miss us
come what did you miss me well we missed
you guys it's very cold in America so I
have to whack out oh is it
Oh what part of America are you going -
oh well I'm ready for my flight to
America we're already at America Oh
where's the flight going
oh it's just staying there because you
have to go back in oh it's going in
three minutes
oh no we're gonna make the flight
Eduardo no we're not gonna make the
flight
Oh Oh the plane landed outside the hotel
room well that's handy isn't it what do
you guys want do you guys wanna go
peepees is that what you guys want
that won't you find one look how many
dogs we have seriously who has that many
dogs put your hand up if you have that
many dogs everyone leave a comments down
below oh very good you do have that lead
us but everyone should leave a comment
down below how many dogs you actually
have let's have a look at the average
let's have a look at the average right
yeah everyone leave a comment of the
name not the name you can eat the name
you want the breed of your dog and how
many dogs you have and let's have a look
how many people have dogs all right
change plan leave comments of how many
pets you have and their names your
patter the type of animals that you have
as a pet so if you have like two dogs a
goat a giraffe and hippopotamus like a
crazy person
let me know what comment below leave it
down below that'll be a fornum what oh
that's cool Oh SpaghettiOs okay is it
okay cool well you know what it's time
for lausanne y'all look at this thing
lads whoo this is a sign your time I'll
be excited I'm excited I'm excited
mmm I like the message I'm not a big
edge man and I probably likes to crusty
cheesy edges I'm more of a sloppy in the
middle sloppy just happy
I've just eaten like five chocolates I
didn't want
thank you I like them yeah you know when
you're eating something you're like I
don't even really like this wait you
don't know what so now it's all the dark
chocolates left what did he go you can
have them
then it's somewhere which I think you
have so much yeah one buns of steel I'm
having a discrepancy at my kado shop my
like you know when oh I don't know if
anyone knows this but do I have
chocolate on my face
I know it's pot great you make my tea
get me know so you know when you think
that you've done you can literally I
mean I know I did it that you've done
something and yet you haven't like so I
remember ordering specifically remember
ordering all this stuff hold on I
ordered pasta as well did the pasta come
do you know what must have happened
already
no I mustn't have checked out everything
you've got all those in and you got
distracted the pregnancy brain no it's
because there's so much going on alone
well these might literally haven't like
yeah but you got all the important needs
to be kids like you like their milk in
their food their lunches everything
that's not important they might - you
cuz I know I did
check out twice like I went in the
second time and added stuff so obviously
- website addresses checking it twice
No then I checked out like I did a shop
checked out definitely checked out
that's why all this okay yeah and then I
went in again to add extra stuff and
obviously that I swear I put your tea
and know like that was the first thing I
checked on me two weeks I don't know I
literally don't understand like so
anyway what are we watching but this
deal what are you watching something on
Netflix yeah we're going to spend at
least four they're selling these three
hours searching to Netflix and then
it'll be too late to watch anything so
we'll just go to bed
I will be finishing this goodbye friends
see you tomorrow - look I'll be like the
baby
like
