this you tell me Rach come on you guys
we're at work blocking food but where
they hard for you to make using yeah do
you like the GM like 2003 hello friends
we are going on mission one I don't know
if you saw yesterday's vlog but at the
end of its today's vlog explain it today
we're doing two big things that we are
not going to be able to film them number
one is right now we're heading right now
to do a thing which we can't film will
be back later
and then later on this afternoon it's
raining we're doing another thing that
we can't fill them so there's two
basically most of today we're not going
to be able to film
oh yeah all right we're back from the
first thing and we're heading off to the
second thing but before we go we have to
say hello to Eduardo and a little media
picture little pause out there you've
turned it to manual focus how did she do
that if you got camera skills man and
man and focus are you guys gonna behave
yourself while we're gone are you guys
gonna behave yourself while we're gone
are you going to destroy the house and
eat the gingerbread did you eat the
ghosts from the a gingerbread house
yesterday Louise I've a wire there did
they eat the ghosts or did you eat the
ghosts you ate the ghosts of the
gingerbread house
yeah but they didn't do it today today
did you all do it together
was he telling a lie well you're a good
girl you don't tell lies to you
nope were you scared yesterday in the
scary farm
nope Wow trying to go back yeah
want me to bring the scary ghouls and
ghosts to this house here to come visit
you at nighttime now we are somewhere in
an undisclosed location vision off to do
something turn right turn right we're
turning right given all the information
I know we're turning left in a hundred
yards I shoot aah
this activist and everything I mean all
the secrets away
boy this guy's just your first thing
they're ugly
okay people car oh it is a cable car
near here can you actually can anyone go
on yeah
why not wait the summer in the city I
was saying she was like oh we got the
Train in it goes over to Docklands so
you get into like from central London
hands to the Docklands or like all the
banks of it that looks really cool yeah
you can see that central I'll go
over to the dock guns
that's so cool Fred it's right to
threaten a very confusing situation no
no there's a lot of turnings people gone
straight
did you enjoy your workout with Lucy
yeah we're doing a Russia was powerful
mm-hmm it was a powerful situation you
always work out harder if you do in
Russia from that timer like even there's
no rocky times we always tend them
having the chat yeah no time to chat
sleep
don't know where we are
so we are finished
it's pouring rain pouring rain lads you
get a building so but yeah we've got a
little bit of the snap the London
skyline I don't know why I would even
say that
Oh quick update oh yeah I actually was
able to film the whole thing that we did
yeah but I can't show it why you
agreeing like you see I'm being able to
film the whole thing no way later on
it'll be on the channel yeah I can't
tell you that right now
would stay tuned it was so much fun
right I really don't like Jonathan's
hair in this video I wouldn't find
someone who's ever had bad hair I
probably would draw lines all right
friends we are home oh my goodness it is
dark it is a dark situation I was so
much perfect
that was so much fun today doing
that thing doing that thing that no
spoilers
what oh you're back no spoilers most
point around that's right let's go
inside and see if the kiddos are up to
they've missed us
oh yeah I forgot about it
oh sorry do you have it home sweet home
alabama'
who said that who said that we are home
with the gang the gang is gang what did
you guys do today did you miss me don't
fall off the bed Amelia catch up crazy
Duarte Steven oh when I narrated you
guys yeah you want me to do generations
of Rosie and Robbie okay let's do the
rose in rugby game hey you guys kept the
lie down in your bed
hello and welcome to the story of Rosie
and Robbie Rosie was asleep and Robbie
was asleep
Rosie was only pretending to be asleep
Robbie had an itchy foot Rosie had an
itchy nose
he better scratch that nose Rosie
suddenly out of nowhere a pillow
appeared it landed on Robbie's head
Rosie woke up in shock why does this
pillow she said Robbie woke up Teddy
that pillow come from Rosie decides to
beat Robbie with the pillow
Robbie gets such a fright oh no says
Robbie why would you do such a thing
Rosie things I'm really sorry Robbie and
gives him a cuddle but Robbie was in the
middle of doing gymnastics and didn't
wasn't able to get out cuddle so Rosie
decided to beat him again with the
pillow while Robbie did history mastics
what did you do I didn't jump oh yeah
you jumped from my windowsill onto the
couch you might be the biggest jumper I
know
did you well that's pretty good jumping
guys why is that the other game oh it's
a mobile game well it looks like you
know something
do you wanna have a go I know I have to
do their power oh oh you're too washer
just to get it ready for the ball
oh we've been waiting for this all day
lads this is Jamie Oliver's sausage
pasta but wait but wait there's more
tell them to tell you that they said
I'll just tell them what happened
super quick sausages yeah I think they
were meant for her no she told me that
she looking for me did she yeah she set
up what you see my shoes I know you have
super Quinn sighs just in everyday why
no I
Jerome's argument the store in Arlen
cost evasion don't worry Bob I know that
closed down a long time ago but they use
that they sell these sausages and
they're just like the greatest sausages
we've been waiting all day long for this
every day amazing
amazing zing superglue sausages
how much joke I told you is gonna be a
kind of a weird day
sorry was kinda short and kind of like
all over the place and transition II but
it was just it was it was a tough one in
the film but I try to do my best
I warned you yesterday I said I would
try and do my best anyway I hope you
enjoyed the video presentation I hope I
haven't let you all down
anyway if comments hit like button
subscribe the video and I'll see you
tomorrow
and in a few months we get is here we're
working on have to sleep another flow
are going stepping out the door before
you see my face the door voice
