can you put everything together and this
is the bathtub bad blow by tonight I
love your new house wow it's so cool so
they built this yesterday with Grandpa
well he'll be back soon
yeah cuz had he had the cash he had a
new house like this for us and he just
like you know everybody it is well hello
there friends how are you doing today
it's Saturday and we'd like to sleep
until right well as lies the kids came
in at about half 6:00 but they got their
iPads and then they kind of were able to
stay in bed in about half eight was
amazing it was an amazing situation my
sister is gone she's gone off to London
cuz Damien our husband's sister lives in
London so they're heading off there for
visiting there it's really nice though
that the kids are like they feel like
I've loads the grandparents now over the
last well right they had their chocolate
stars chocolates doors and now I'm gonna
have my breakfast edit no video for you
lads you know you love the videos you do
in tonight let's go again let's go gang
let's go no you're staying here
oh is it raining guys
oh well yeah oh he's like we're bringing
this I'm bringing through the recycling
bin guys so we're all off to collect
grandpa he's roaming around town
somewhere why and well we're gonna put
in the recycling bin or oh I see we'll
see early or less he was here
you guys sit here for a second I need to
get her to are those car seat because
you can't fall off okay I need to get
where those car seat because look
Amelia's car seat there but no wireless
car seat because I have to drop
everybody to the airport or to London
yesterday okay please hold I've made a
terrible mistake who can tell what's
wrong with this scene what's wrong no I
took the seats out to get everyone in
yesterday and I put them all back in the
wrong places guys now I see it wider
seats all dirty and this one's all
lovely and clean please don't kick the
seat I know you can't kick it oh my no I
don't know how Amelia someone at the
commoner said isn't it funny how your
firstborn tends to go behind the
passenger I think it is because we first
had Amelia don't move yet I will put a
meter over here so I can like see her
all the time and then we had Eduardo I
slipped it in there coz it's obviously
too her spot you know but there is
enough room by the way everyone asking
questions there is an isofix behind that
here underneath there there is a nice
effects and there is enough room amelia
is ready to move on to the next stage of
car seats isn't that exciting you know
you're old enough and you weigh enough
so she can move on so you can put a
small one in here or we're contemplating
getting a seven seater car
exactly but it would be kind of fun
imagine treating them squished in the
back there huh where media gon be this
one right there anyway let's go get
grandpa Robert yeah okay when can I move
now I can move you sure oh now I can oh
my goodness guys like a G Wagen in my
town it's not really my town is not a
very G Wagen II kind of town all right
guys let's see if grandpa's here no
where is grandpa brothers let's have a
race the show grandpa who the fastest is
all right waters got a head start
calling me to catch up with him
oh he's gonna win it looks like waters
gonna win
oh it was a draw
are you the fastest don't go too fast
now you go back to the future you are
very fast
alright guys do you want to do I'm
testing the streams or we're doing alive
and you know to stand up for cancer is
on today we weren't able to make it in
oh no to London today cuz everyone else
was over but calling is your live stream
don't you guys check that out did you
sis standing up huh but you guys want to
be in the test sort of a test stream for
me clean me don't fall off there whilst
on a live stream millions of people
around the world I would not be cool hey
careful of the cat guys careful of the
cat will you play a vampire we can get
the flying bird I thought he was a
crocodile either dangerous flying bird
are we eating flowers now no no no no
mr. delicious we shall not eat flowers
alright what is that a peanut it does
look like a penis every time you eat the
peanut it makes a noise yeah
Wow oh all right
we're at the airport just drop it old
Gramps grandpa off grandpa hopefully he
gets to fly with my grandpa grant I said
to you by getting older your
grandparents like my great-grandparents
although I have a great grandmother he's
still he's still truckin
she's like 170 million years old she's
gonna outlive us all but um my
grandfather my grandmother my dad he's
an only child and I pulled his parents
are sadly passed on so they were really
nice they're really soft but uh yeah I
would love my kids to meet them but then
I suppose you're always gonna take that
you know yes
I guess that's just life that's life oh
my goodness I've actually been sitting
here for like since that thing began its
standing at the counter in high esteem I
was like all just as a kicked off it's
like I'll watching us take an hour later
I'm sitting here watching it let's get
in stairs because do you guys see that a
little bike down there why are you wait
here remember I said first to him okay
we made a deal we made a deal that if we
can clean up this room I'll show you
guys what scuse me excuse me that is it
get out of here yeah you come here to me
children children everywhere in this
place are everywhere this is a glorified
giant laundry room you just throw things
down the door here all right back
upstairs guys all right guys guys get
out of town all right here's the deal
you want to make a deal and I think that
we've got somebody to join us who you
may know Julian what has been your
favorite thing about the day so far here
at Stand Up to Cancer
oh I think the carpet is really good I
actually we have one of those cars
outside and I was like we need to try
one anna has a jewelry line and she was
given 60% of all the jewelry sales that
we attended in October and she raised
eight thousand pounds and his dad
unfortunately passed away from cancer a
few years ago
and it was something that was really
close to her heart so when we did some
work with him last year
the sound of the cancer and in this year
we're like all we want to get more
involved you want to try to do something
better and it was just like an easy fit
what's up next for the ciccone Jolie's
more saucony Jodi's coming next year
okay so I just did this signed up for
cancer livestream thing
second ago Amelia guardo and Anna are up
in bed has been having stomach pains all
day long it's probably just like
indigestion and stuff but whenever
you're pregnant
everything makes you paranoid so in case
you're wondering where she's been all
day long she's up in bed so I went so I
just went alleged you myself for me and
Amelia are here immediate come on open
on camera I mean Everest opens - on
camera
it's from Sandra Finnegan from County
Cork Colvin County card she made out of
saucony well that's cool job Samantha a
little whatever you call that little
fella Oh
what is this hold on that's good okay
all that's gonna make a mess thank you
I know you can have some cooling
energizing leg gel no no Mon 2d handers
I feel a gel do you want stretch mark
minimalize er no no stretch mark cream
Eliezer okay come here being camera do
you want pregnancy boot - Eduardo is
SuperDuper Brunner
oh look at the story
I've much you guys for a couple of years
without fail thank you sister won an
immediate big sister one to all the
Halloween scare in Pennsylvania an
all-out pillowcase a play a play pack
grabbing go you got a graphic oh I'm on
a mission I'm on a mission from mission
from mission from I'm on a mission from
my tummy get something yummy in my tummy
okay lights it's been a while but I need
me some M&S sticky fruity and spicy buns
I need the pawns in Mato mer
we have one
let's not mess around it's not mess
around
achievement I've got them let's not mess
around again for Pike's also here you
know what else are amazing in here these
katsu and Thai green curry chips all in
for a Saturday Night Lights Oh
achievement achieved achievement
achieved friends oh we're going to feast
tonight what's going on in here
don't do a we in the sitting room you're
about to put costumes on hey guys what
happened to the pair what the bigger is
dead I saw you at the P go P and then
come back and then you can check it
why is the bear going with you and it's
feeling better you know matter poor
little tummy I think when you're
pregnant though everything is worse
right well let me help that did a job
for me which oh yeah the one out there
thing we judged it run Bianca run come
on Bianca come in right you leave that
on a leash hey look there's the
community peeing session going on in
here doesn't even sound like there's
actually even peeing going on in here
you don't even have the light on lights
what's going on in here if you're even
peeing going on it why is the bear on
the floor what is even going on in here
what's happened to behind here guys
what's happened Divya anger guys she's
flying high in the sky there's something
wrong with me and guys wait I'm flying
without wings now bys do any good
let's do a tidy up time and let's go
upstairs and have a bath shower and then
we can with the wings on or mommy keep
just go ahead and put the wings on right
now either way in the guy
