yeah yeah I know I look stereo spoons
and of course um good morning friends
Eduardo's eating his porridge on the
starter boring the last day before the
midterm media is buzzing over there my
sister and her husband are here my dad
is here and cousin Chloe is here but you
know what happened last night in media I
walked into the airport to collect
everybody okay and I said oh look the
battery is flashing on the camera and
then it shut off yeah who's just like
out of the car park I was like oh the
battery's fine I was like oh great
that's it daddy cousin I am the baby it
was the picture is very cute
he's cousin Chloe very cute yeah she
just got she is a girl what else do you
know better I am a chef pink pajamas
yeah well if she's awake you can see her
before school otherwise you're gonna
have to wait till after school she's
asleep everyone's awake for her
this is sister Leah Oh cousin Chloe
fuck you buddy on your bed did you mmm
both of them did one sit your seat oh is
it oh did you pick communion it's almost
ready okay that's for the baby and
there's the baby crackers and the baby
senior I have baby spoons but these are
these are not for these are all for your
sister until you brought all these for
your sister yeah baby cups little cups
for little people
mmm yeah the blue one and the orange one
are you gonna see the baby in a while
yeah my baby and mommy
well not that baby a different baby the
one that's upstairs you know when you
know you've forgotten something that's
the feeling I had this morning and I was
like what is it like I haven't forgotten
her lunch I haven't forgotten her book
bag I haven't forgotten they sat in the
other and I was trying to think wrack my
brains to think and then we were heading
out like on our little walk that we do
and I realized Amelia's wearing shoes
and not trainers and it's PE day crap
and it's elastic of terms or a half term
as well so I'm like oh what a fail but
actually doesn't really matter because
it's not like strict PE or anything she
just has to her trainers and sort of
shoes and her shoes are pretty like
smelly should wearing heels
um but yeah I just felt like such an
idiot because you know when you know and
it was cuz it was so busy this morning
and we've got guests over so I was just
distracted and like I just knew I was
forgetting something and that's what it
is but it's really not the end of the
world
anyway a bit of a success story today
I let her off and I was like okay like I
came in with her but then I didn't go in
as far as like taking her book bag and
taking her um her lunch bag and all that
like to put them away and her coat and
everything so I
okay I stepped into the classroom with
her and I was like all right you can do
this like a big girl like you know what
you're doing and she tried to resist
what she wasn't upset this time so she
could kind of tell like okay this is
obviously what we're doing now but she
still like didn't really love it you
know but she wasn't upset and then she
just gave me a big case in a cuddle and
that was it I'm like our like the
teachers are very supportive
anyway they kind of know what's going on
so they're like helping me helping me
through it like it's a big thing he's
not a big deal but you know they're like
helping they know exactly what's going
on so that was positive step in the
right direction and now it's last day of
term alright this is Chloe hello Kelly
we're gonna get answered wardo see what
he does if I just came down to maybe
Eduardo Eduardo come here you said the
baby is the baby doesn't that's mom's
Tony exists to see the baby you see the
baby gonna hold the baby yeah Jenni give
her a cuddle I wish you guys touching so
she cute yeah you thank you this will be
like we have a baby again
Kukui Levine is Chloe she can stand
hmm look you guys are you little uh uh
that girl uh huh
keep it a cut oh yeah say you know
welcome
give her a cutoff if you like mommy's
baby yeah oh he's so cute little chubby
cheeks
it'll jumpy cheeks did you let's go mr.
all your cousin um I don't think she can
see what they win no no but come on
let's go
so myself and Eduardo are going to
collect who we go who we go to collect
do you remember who we going to collect
now
are we gonna care grandpa yeah so
unfortunately we only have one spare
room and it has so there was only enough
room and we opted to give it to my
sister and her husband because Chloe was
here as well my dad is just staying down
the road a little hotel because no room
no room in the end let's oh boy right
here
come on you pop-pop is Papa's Papa's
Papas all right come on in your pub
maybe in our new house this if it ever
happens lads will have more than one
spare room who knows why is it cold
Oh Oh your coat yeah Chloe was sitting
in that chair all right come on all
aboard I mean yes yeah yeah Chloe
Sevigny Minister Am I I'm baby can't
a.m. my chest oh can she Wow oh you're a
very good boy come on hop in
pop it pop it all right mister go that
way let's go sign in I'm fine grandpa
he's in here somewhere
at the big step up the big steps tonight
big steps now in the push
then push again I know you can hear
someone no hello let's go look at those
funny little stairs that go nowhere all
right second floor up again good one is
having fun here this is quite nice
actually I've never been here
no not that one up again up again the
next floor grandpa he's all the way up
the top of that building what's grandpa
doing all right no you are too right Oh
mm-hmm did you come all on your own see
you grandpa
yeah we're we go to your house do you
want a Quincy grandpa's room a little
place though that's true yeah yeah I
didn't know yeah I would say to listen
it's like for this war are you gonna
have to show grandpa where to go yeah
you surely banned and didn't intend and
dead em oh my goodness this is one of
his Wireless options for Halloween
give me an astronaut huh we're gonna so
cute you look let me see you oh my
goodness
good eyes are gloves little feet on it
oh my goodness he's so cute what are you
an astronaut he's gonna go oh no it's
scary astronaut I know it's so cute oh
my goodness Hey I have Damien on the L
viewer here no one's been authorized
everything's fine don't worry that looks
safe yeah does low you can you can step
forward and backwards and look around
okay yes I see what it goes faded when
it starts fading the dark that means
you're going too far editor box see stay
in your box yeah
it's amazing I look up look up the boat
oh yeah there's a robot yeah well that's
your Android robots here to help you
lovely one even if doesn't
oh no way step back step back a little
bit
oh no where's the door God so we come
for lunch otherwise I could
don't tell anyone I'm sure it'll be fine
so this is Amelia and Eduardo growing up
when the Crone up I look Chloe always
here was probably gonna get so he's
going to get a fat bitch cake so Amelia
apologize then you lose my channel me
are Anna
Erica Lea has cotton spill pees all over
our Tracy is hair I would say baby dude
oh we almost went to build guys that
would have been three days in a row but
we decided to come to a Roble issues
yeah we did it
yeah yeah we did a date night and then
we did a breakfast that just would have
been a lunch yeah literally practice my
job we want to get a full round of the
menu
at all yeah well we're in there we're in
France today I'm thinking I'm gonna
shake when in France you can say as
nobody said ever but I just did now
hello little man are you often firstborn
firstborn hello Oh were you guys hiding
were you hiding you were to nursery
rhymes Oh where's Chloe
Chloe's can you teach Chloe some Nursery
Rhymes oh yeah just give you a kernel
Amelia keep our akuto give ricardo give
her a cuddle kill poop poop yourself
oh hello Chloe hey yeah she's like hey
hey get me a mouse get me involved get
involved go chess coach is Chloe
okay she's only little so mommy's baby's
gonna look like no she got it caught up
with you boys goop goop Carla oh we want
to join
come on Chloe join the gang
the dead zone quick make sure your rocks
are like they were left on risk if you
think this is a game then I'll bet on
this crush the world naked flat a play
chess on it I stand beyond my bonsai my
self-confidence way
