hey did you know that grandpa's coming
my your grandpa's coming yeah tomorrow I
think yeah an aunt Elia and uncle Damian
and your niece Chloe yeah cousin cousin
Chloe that's like in pepper yeah my dad
and my sister and her husband and their
daughter are coming tomorrow so it's
funny because we had my mom last week
and her boyfriend my dad's coming on his
own he's nothing that's what he's like
confusion about that I seen in the
comments so my dad has that wife my mom
has a boyfriend kind of like partner I
don't know yet married oh yeah but we're
all friends let's I saw him for saying I
know a few years ago there was tensions
in my family because like there was a
divorce and when his divorce and a
family and a family breaks up sometimes
I can be like lasting tensions but it's
all kind of over now we're all friends
are you ready for breakfast mrs. are you
so yea meatiest parent-teacher meeting
last night it went really well
apparently amelia is a really good girl
and she hid in new jail huh well luckily
keep on holding is not one of the
categories you are being judged on when
you're doing redo redo Alemany in school
teachers that you are really proud it's
amazing when you got a child and then
you raise the child from the baby up and
then they go off
to school and I sent it down last night
you know it's like I'm so proud of her
and she's gone out into the real world
and she's like thriving like she's
surviving and thriving out there without
us you know she's she's navigating
through life only a tiny little bit what
she's just doing it like and she's being
really good for grown-ups and she's been
good at school and I'm so proud of you
media are you proud of daddy
quick little story for you guys
I dropped Romania off at school and we
had a parent teacher or her parents
evening whatever is called in Ireland
you call it parent-teacher meeting I
mentioned that sometimes she gets kind
of clean when I am I'm trying to drop
her off like she wants she tells me that
she does want me to go her teacher was
like honestly she's like absolutely fine
when you go like I've never heard any
complaints or any like upsetness from
her not worried she's never been upset
she said that it may have something to
do with like some parents just stay
longer than others and she's trying to
like wean the kids off of that and to
get them to you know like drop them at
the door and then like that's it and not
actually like coming to the classroom as
much with them today I tried it and I'm
like about to cry like I felt like
crying the whole way I don't like it the
whole walk back to my car I just like oh
because she kind of got a shock cuz I've
dropped her in and I usually put her
lunch bag on her book bag and her coat
like do that all with her like put them
all away with her but today I dropped
her off and I was like okay why don't
you be a big girl and do this yourself
because I know she can do it herself
like I know she can and she like
panicked and ran back to me was like no
I don't want to and then her teacher was
like it's all right I can do it with you
and like she's such a lovely teacher so
Emilia you could tell she like didn't
want to disappoint her but at the same
time she didn't want me to go and it was
just the shock on her face when I did
that to her and I just feel so bad I
feel so bad
obviously I'm not over it I thought I
was over it like he thought I was over
this whole like transition of like her
starting school and like dropping her
off but I'm not obviously not I'm also
pregnant so that could be why I keep
crying about stuff but it's just really
sad cuz then and I looked in the window
and I could see her but then I didn't
really want her to see me because they
didn't want it to like prolong of that
whole thing where she like he looks for
me at the window so I just left but they
don't want her to feel like I'm trying
to dump her off or like that I don't
care about her
I mean they're still really small why am
I gonna be like when Eduardo goes like
seriously he is so much more delicate
than her I think I just need to go home
and drink some coffee and like snap out
of it QG the little floaties are you a
cutie enough lady bump on the bum bum
bum hello from the other side I'm gonna
get excited guys I'm late we're late
and we're not so great
oh yeah and it looks very pregnant today
okay you don't kiss you sat down
actually once once your belly that's
through a once your belly are bigger
than your boobs you know that's that's
the old days when I oh if I was an OB
that's you'd know like oh I can't cure
Jew you're been here is bigger than your
boobs
that's the efficient only one way we're
gonna see the baby tomorrow no thanks oh
it's a next week I know we're doing
something this week couldn't remember
oh we're gonna scare fest there's some
kids over for a playdate oh my goodness
maybe you shouldn't you shouldn't see
this mess no you're talking about the
playroom idea how does it even happen we
are back in the car and this time we
have a little Eduardo with us where we
go Mario we gonna play no where I can't
play now he's going for he goes to these
like sort of mini school days just your
ideas for did you get used to school but
I his little friend he just left
she's she's come they're both starting
school together in April exciting times
you gonna go to what the school Google
barking for where's my first boy
what we will wino we showed before in
our house like what will you are though
did you like that house wardo yeah yeah
is that the house you want you want a
playroom don't you mm-hmm
there was a squirrel and that has to
wasn't that are you the best boy at
school oh we all doing this girl you
weren't the best boy he did really well
though 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 8 1
2 3 4 5 6 7 mm 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18
19 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30
you can basically count to 30
what oh my goodness
you can nearly counter Daddy's age why
that is 36
how did I get to 36 or let me tell you
Amelia it was a struggle it was a
struggle 1 to 20 was fairly easy didn't
involve a lot of thinking what you want
to count 18 yeah wired up can wardo
count oh they want to touch one wire no
touch it
go on he do that why to touch it that
wire don't let him touch it he needs to
touch it
he needs it okay have you touched it
okay that's enough touching
okay now why know how okay see if you
can help wireless TV can teach water to
camp no don't put airplane mode can
wardo count ward okay can you count you
can count it 30 Amelia guys please don't
have a big domestic dispute over who can
count the best okay Amelia I can count
to 30 which is brilliant now Eduardo can
I see how many of you can count or no
you ready go one
okay okay why it's gonna count okay go I
know you're trying to help weirdo weirdo
weirdo
we're gonna have to apologize again now
mean yeah sorry about that headphone
users wardo go one okay what's happened
here now so it's late in the evening
we're gonna think that their song -
what's up - um what's it this Oh doh so
tomorrow morning mommy and daddy are
coming to school here did you know that
because Amelia my daughter my firstborn
daughter has won a big academic
ord do you know that he won a big school
award why don't Worr did you win him
yeah and let's go on a school award for
being what yeah
are you very nice to everybody new time
I'm under I'm better than everyone else
well yeah but no but you don't tell
anyone I told you no you just you are a
good girl this term yeah you're a very
good girl I'm very proud of you when the
teacher was telling me how good you are
in school I was very proud I'm very
proud of you because you see the thing
is you have children right and then you
send them out into the real world and
you don't know if they're gonna try and
survive and this little child has gone
out into the world and she's trying and
survived
weren't you better be you better be
winning the awards as well mr. no
pressure Facebook hey she doesn't know
the sign no idea female deer ray a drop
of Golden Sun me a name I call myself
far along my way to run oh yeah he's
watch Thank You and Betty's phone that's
take it off so didn't get wet in the
shower oh my goodness a discipline like
chocolate cake no don't eat it Heath
don't eat the chocolate cake wardo oh my
goodness
oh my goodness alright come on give you
a brother a hug and say good night
give me a kiss in cuddle good night what
he's already gone come on Amelia no
messing tonight okay okay okay mommy
mommy it's very cross right now okay and
you're going to get in big trouble I go
inside and give your brother a kiss and
a cuddle like a good girl are you gonna
get in big trouble give me a kiss and a
cuddle goodnight good see you tomorrow
but boy settle down not seem value
around me world to me see the kiss make
a tree holding hands became a feast all
