here we go
look I've acted they are hi I'm emailed
and you guys about making an appointment
to get agenda genders fandom and it's
just the dates you offered me were like
two weeks away do you have like a big
waiting list or January you can do
before me oh my god I totally just
chanced my arm there by calling her in a
Saturday cuz I know like holy crap but
when I come right now said what oh my
god guys were about to find out the
gender of our baby we don't know how to
get to Ballincollig parent she said that
we could come in now
so it's still alive
whew yeah I know the breaks between the
scans you're like oh god okay made that
damn way
you ready the patient what are you
thinking
one of your best gas
so today could be the big day the gender
reveal
sorry
we go we're about to find there you
ready
get out what is it I taught her why fat
I first got a boy
what do you think what do you think put
your best cat forward does it look like
me or Anna Luke Alex oh we just had a
squirm
it's a boy that's fine and
of the world
three let every agency
let me see
finally just found out or about to have
with the baby and she just started
crying
should I just tell you I don't know what
we are both admitted look like a little
boy yesterday I don't know I'm like
would be fun it was a little thing
happen but that's a long time to wait
I'm afraid to know so alive my heart was
like pounding okay so did you I know you
believe what what I don't know what
color brilliance you want it to be
whatever it's blue balloons it doesn't
matter if it's blue you like blue
balloons till she told me she only likes
girls but then she said what she likes
Eduardo with his wider one would call it
wardo is it a boy is it a girl tell
mommy
oh boy is it boy or girl
Oh Dan Dan hey Dad day however big your
blue boy sign and we decide stand on
either side
Eduardo decide emediacoach mommy there
mommy let go first
last chance
Murdo yeah cut yourself a sister you're
gonna have a little sister white oh yeah
you did only stream about it all sister
your dream has come true
Media
here
No
girl girl another little princess so
happy
sorry so long as we've had a girl what
you heard of you know like Eduardo it's
a lot baby I've had he's getting a
sister I'm so happy for Amelia I'm so
happy for I get another sister oh my
goodness what happened he's already cool
for her
it is the 19th of January we are going
back to see our little baby again and
today oh just a light everywhere today
we are going to do the harmony test it's
light it's so powerful you know part me
test today guys we're going for a quick
scan first now make sure everything's
good see an old friend high-fives
then we're gonna head down get a blood
test get the harmony test John and apart
from making sure everything's okay we
were getting the gender and next week
exciting not today and I say hey is that
instance but how exciting alright let's
go see the baby
again all right there she he it you all
you said he last time so it's on the
record
yeah yeah thanks thanks for that it's so
big
what does it have a little horn coming
out of its head well we're not gonna
find it No
that is January 25th and we are just
back from viewing potential new houses
which if you remember the vlog from that
day it didn't work out I'm just back
from the country has and I really
thought today was today but anyway more
importantly we've been holding onto
something and today we're about to do
I'm going to go collect the kids they're
both at Rugby I'm swinging up to
collective and when I get back we are
about to reveal the gender of the base
something I've never experienced before
which is doing a gender reveal in a sort
of light dramatic theatre theatrical
experience so I want to know what that's
like
we did a harmony test and our OB email
us to confirm the baby's fine all the
genetically stuff that they task for is
all epic and then they emailed my
assistant the actual gender of the baby
Izzie then went and filled a balloon
with either pink or blue filling and we
are going to all four of us all five of
us I suppose are gonna go and burst that
balloon in a few minutes
and we're gonna find that altogether
what is the gender of the fort is the
Coney Jolie I am very excited oh my
goodness what's it gonna be
no don't skip ahead you already know
anyway let's go get the kids a fighter
all right Edward oh is back from rugby
what back from Robert you guys ready you
guys ready are you standing on the edge
of your seat the balloon has arrived oh
my goodness now we're suspicious that
Izzy's wearing a pink top today we're
hey no no it weren't careful is it do
you know that's got two pins no I didn't
say Papa said and then we will alright
we've now hung it from the ceiling so
it's hung and it's spinning Oh what are
we having is it like a house guys
alright your final gasp guys Eduardo
what is it a pull Amelia what is it this
is the same as last time
I don't know what to think I don't even
know I have no feelings or I don't know
what I want it to be so I'm just like I
don't know what is this oh my goodness
what do you guys think it is boy or girl
no skipping don't be a skipper you'll
never get to live this moment again okay
so don't skip it enjoy the moment
organically it's not writing media don't
wish your life away you're too scared
yes sir is it too much pressure it's a
golden baby so we have these very
appropriate pins here two Pink's because
there's two pink Oh
okay are you ready okay me not you don't
know if L birthday balloon until we
shake well in your home or there Lisa :
hold it in your hands okay are you guys
ready
is that good right on your mind you are
you yes that go by
ERU how happy are you yeah excuse me do
you remember last year
yeah like literally last year when we
announce Alessia and you were so excited
and why I was like that when I was
younger younger than I am now loved it
well me Dow motor and things are just
the same
myself
