good morning friendly is friends it's a
Tuesday from the children are running
like bad playing with a balloon thanks
man
stop the chocks mandra huh all right
you guys want some breakfast shall we
break our fast what's happened what's
happened if my match hey Amelia if you
know that today is your first time
teacher meeting uh-huh
mommy and daddy are gonna meet your
teachers today and they're gonna tell us
if you've been naughty or nice I have
you well we're gonna find out today if
there's anything you want to tell me now
is the time
your teachers good times we're naughty
sometimes I bet you're never naughty I
bet you're a good girl all the time I
bet you she's a good girl and also what
yesterday computers day and library
it's amazing how are you getting there
in computers you know oh you need to
bring your books math that's right we
don't need to be late where are we are
always late from the library lights
always late for the library I don't need
everyone time
doe a deer a female deer ray a golden ah
me and name my so far I love my way to
run sew a needle pulling John far no tea
a drink with German
Dan will bring us back to doe a deer a
female deer ray a drop of Golden Sun who
did you bring it downstairs wired oh
wait did you bring it to mommy's bed and
daddy's bed oh come on let's go check
down there yeah come on yeah yeah was it
in there yeah okay let's go checked in
let's see did you bring Oh who's that
you found your fairy godmother huh
that's another case solved by Detective
daddy and his sidekick Eduardo huh what
do we have another case Eduardo is there
another case for us to solve could we
solve it June next week same bat-time
same bat-channel
oh just dropped Amelia off it was one of
those days where she didn't want to go
or she didn't want me to go she did want
to go to school but she didn't want me
to leave her so that was a bit difficult
I don't really like that it makes me
feel really emotional and like I feel
like I want to cry but obviously I don't
in front of her and I don't
try not to because you know I try to
keep my taint my stuff together but it
is hard it's really hard when they don't
want you to go but anyway and I don't
know if Amelia or if it wired oh I don't
know if Jonathan has said this yet but
we're so proud of her because she won a
teacher's award which is insane like for
this whole entire term I think I think
it's the whole term because the term is
ending pretty much now and so we're
going to her assembly on tomorrow I
think or the day after I can't remember
so that is really exciting I'm just so
so proud of her and I mean I don't want
to brag or anything but she totally
takes after me Jonathan and I both agree
were both like yeah she takes out he's
like yeah she takes after you and I'm
like she takes after me because I was
like such a little goody-goody in school
I was prefect every year in secondary
school and look at her she's winning
teachers awards and all kinds of stuff
so obviously like her mummy but we're
just so proud of her we're so happy we
are trying to organize things for the
midterm break for the children's we're
thinking of I don't know this might be
crazy but we're thinking of Allah like
eurodisney is not that far away Orlando
in LA it's pretty far away and it's
making calls we might go to Ireland as
well we'll try to figure we need to do
something
we've got no school for two weeks what
are we gonna do we've never had this
problem before so leave comments should
we go to your Disney I've never been to
your Disney I've been to all the other
Disney's but I've never been to your
Disney Junipero Jonathan else to tell
Mickey Mouse and it's trying to call her
mom and it's also a new name is 40 coats
you didn't a coat Hall a coat Hall
might you know you know like one of
those novelty Hall things were like you
know like what I used to wear in school
like you know to make a point
my old coats my old coat Hall
what ah god you remember this one brings
back memories well you're very good is
that your pet spider weird oh yeah oh no
the spider leg came off guys know what
we're going to your school right now
myself and mommy are going to your
school now and we're going to talk to
your teachers you can call me you're not
allowed it's a secret
but I might tell you what they said
later okay
wardo is a spite of your best friend now
calm down boy there was no longer scared
of spiders you can call us soon who's
going afterward oh you have to look
after Werner and his pet spider he's now
missing a leg we need a doctor
we need a spider doctor hey yeah or I'll
pull one of his legs off here all right
we went to the parent-teacher meeting
and it's actually on insane world now
we're at each meeting it's amazing we'll
talk about it later but we're gonna go
see what's a coffee girl on the train
hopefully the trains aren't on strike
otherwise it's basically going to be the
girl in the platform for hours on end
I got some Maltesers and water I know
what they go through Ola free Halloween
Oh what no jokes jokes we still have yet
to do two 4d 4d excellent what it's like
you sit on the chairs look it's got like
motion lights since wind water it like
water spits at you and everything I know
we have to do we need to do it we need
to turn the horror movie 'la
ghosts come and get you it's my first
time doing this in the cinema I just had
to smuggle them in this is massive what
do you guys we got here dad early we're
doing that's how you know you those type
of people we got here with the lights on
my room besides your head it'd be so
cool yeah we have no idea where this
movies about hope it's good but I'm
right there you know anything interest
we're gonna go see the bridge John's
move right and when we went to check it
out
there was a poster for this maybe in the
girl of that actress is pretty good and
she said another train have you
it gets too emotional we are out of the
movie friends all right
out of 10 what will you give the girl on
the bus honey Jane will you give
lookuprate we are we're underway our
petrol station any lights look up right
it is ghosty yeah what would you say get
on the train nine nine I would say it's
a nine it's a really we you know remind
you have you ever seen sleeping with the
enemy
is that the one Julia Roberts similar to
that that's a good one it's just like
really intense he reminds me of gone
girl it's kind of like on girl
yeah nothing like the girl with the
dragon tattoo because I was like is it
it is it part of the girl Jack I think
it's written by the same girl I'm not
sure I could be wrong oh look I have
there but that's a bit better I just
fixed there extra anyway we're here for
petrol ran out of petrol friends but the
film was so good we ran out of petrol
yeah definitely recommend that movie I'm
glad we saw that instead of a bridge
Ito's Jones now give me some chicken
supreme chicken supreme dream lads
became a giant spider that was like
hangar near me what do you got now he's
almost gone
I know if you guys can see him you can't
see it what
well you're like okay there's a spider
on you and he's like climbing up your
does I wait what
the spider climbing up me thanks never
sat near this thing all the traffic
that's so cool awesome wasn't it cool
they've got a pine tree at home with all
that stuff there I look like them and
they Omi's folks eat good smart eat and
then it's like cook eat smile no yeah
but it cookies smile is like eat smart
no no we're debating whether to get some
deserts a desert situation what do I
think
but names were you thinking you're not
gonna do it I'm gonna do it that's how
it works
you're the putting destiny chooser
whooping exist oh oh thanks
there are gone and that concludes
another night of the dates
oh we're gonna win through the movie do
you wanna get hot what oh this goal this
I'm telling you we need to go into the
shop one there is it open look at the
homework we need to go into the shop
sometime you know what is some really
good furniture in here no it's really
nice no no no I mean like if we ever if
we ever buy a house why not gonna happen
probably never gonna happen lads we're
just gonna we're gonna talk about it for
the next like 10 years or 20 years just
just all talk just walking around I'm
not gonna make ya minutes I'm at a tea
you guys no matter my fennel I'm out of
deodorant
I was wondering with no meal and I was
like there's a foul odor what is this
like to say that I'll be there oh yeah
vibrant vibrant
