miss fame
Oh for school you don't want to be like
what school you don't want to be late
for school
oh good you might miss the school bus of
nano oh geez
you're late for school you miss the
school bus I don't even know what
happened
so maybe it's busy no jeez all right
come on let's go get our clothes on
let's get some breakfast okay cuz you
don't want to be late for school
take us down beautiful use any water
there are no water let's go let's go
stop the media off at school got in
early today
sometimes that happens if if we're
really organized last week on Friday
Jonathan is not reading her fault so she
came out with that her book bag and
Jonathan didn't ask for it or he didn't
notice until he's back home so we didn't
get her homework and they always get
homework on a Friday for the weekend
because they don't get homework like
every day and so she do her homework so
I was like stressing my thought and then
yesterday when her at the party I asked
another dad what the homework was and he
told me when in this morning turns out
everybody got different homework like
they all got something different to do
so I just basically told him teachers I
was like yeah she didn't do this one she
did it
different persons don't work I think but
it was fine they just had given out like
different homework to if they had given
at different tasks to different people
or something I thought I do that all the
drop-offs but I don't do all the pickups
and I'm such a control freak sometimes
that I feel like I really want to and it
when stuff like this happens I'm like -
Jonathan like I told you so but it's
nice for it's just dads are like more
laid-back I feel like and like don't
notice things that moms notice I don't
know your friends
first off let's just let you guys know I
had a shave I am NOT Jonathan's younger
brother shave I always feel like I look
completely different let's read some
comments from you guys I was gonna put
the screen up here so I'm gonna have to
be looking this way cuz I can't find the
tripod thing so I have you sitting on a
big box of jelly beans
should we go to yesterday's vlog and
answer some questions friends good
morning Anna how are you today I looked
amazing in the morning talk about goals
had and as my goals and as my white wine
his wife goals is that a thing let me
tell you I don't his wife goes she's a
good wife we're a good team I don't even
see her as my wife
I know it's a crazy statement to make I
feel like we're best friends and we're
like when we met we were just like yeah
we're totally bad hey best friend she's
like oh my god hey best friend look what
if you beat all my life we got married
to fulfill some sort of a legal
commitment because legally it is better
to be married and marriage today is so
fickle
but basically myself and I'm gonna add
the core just best friends ah I can't
see stupid
happy Thanksgiving to any Canadian
viewers it's happy it's Thanksgiving in
Canada Canadia happy Thanksgiving to you
snapchat squad soup I haven't open
snapchats in Sorento
oh no I opened it recently I feel like
weird talk with this recently Anna if
you ever wanted like Anna is amazing at
snapchat so like she does but you want
to find out that she's on the snapchats
you want to find me Twitter I love
Twitter a vlog just the pumpkin patch
hmm
are they doing the break thing again dan
dan dan that was the whole day um it
wasn't edited into video since we got my
cousin surrender we haven't actually
needed to actually do that again booster
I think in my whole career I've done it
a handful of times but um I don't block
my whole day I've never blogged my whole
day that would be impossible that would
be a 24-hour video the vlogs are like
what like 12 13 minutes honestly you
could probably make about three or four
15-minute videos and still every single
one of them would be different if I were
to fill in my day don't get me wrong I
love Jonathan but I really prefer Anna's
bits it makes me happy for her to be
vlogging one more I can't get enough you
know on average what how many people
like 400,000 people watch videos these
videos of Scone yoli's if 94 of the
400,000 don't like me vlogging I'm
really okay with that I saw this as long
as one but as long as you liked my vlog
footage I can't please everybody I
cannot it cannot be done I accept that
don't change the family photo frames or
they won't be the same as the frame
you're holding in the photo Kristy cook
ya little champion they never even
thought of that about when we were like
saying that we should change the
pictures and put them go on oh ah that's
a good one mate I never even thought of
that
okay oh my goodness there it is that's
the tripod thing I was looking for that
I ended up using a jelly bean thing it
was over there who's that a reach have
you guys got new calendars yes
have you ordered a calendar yet
have you ordered a napkin calendar yeah
you can't have one oh that's me
really hungry last night and I saw this
here and I was like what I eat it right
back to your regular programming don't
do it so I'm just getting my toes done
now I'm in Donna's little salon and I
think we're gonna bring Amelia next time
because she's really excited I got the
perp you can't tell it's purple it looks
black I mean there's an immunity
crossing like that's not purple but it
it is it's like a deep dark purple but
it looks like a black and I'm gonna get
the same on my toes but with glitter
purple glitter so we're going fancy on
the toes but yeah I can't wait for me
and see what little glitter colors she's
gonna choose there's loes to choose from
I just always got boring wanna wear your
Nikes you don't you can't wear your
Nikes why not you want to wear your
boots what oh the crows we need a
scarecrow are you gonna be the scarecrow
what let's go mister no no mommy is gone
mommy's gone he's off doing mommy things
no she's off doing mommy things come on
we gotta go do daddy things you know
what doesn't make any sense to me
whatsoever you see these little
headphones right these are wireless
headphones that came with the car I mean
it has them over there as well okay I
bought this car I'm coming up to a year
ago I bought this car right yeah I mean
this one's over there I went to check it
but I've never charged them they've
never been charged and they still work
I'm like I just know it doesn't make any
sense to me how they still have power
a year later Wow so lunch over whatever
magic you're doing can you please
make bones that never need to be charged
as well it will be amazing - wouldn't it
you give me rubs there appreciate that
all right let's go he's going okay these
two are together you guys watching some
TV together you're not watching TV
together under a cover huh who parked
their car they're trained there all
right we're having some you always so
long I'm waiting here like sorry so
we're having a vegetarian lasagna right
oh my goodness the lighting in here
expired
yeah oh but look I put a slab of chicken
on the side of it oh well so I need I
got the remote what else am I gonna need
a drink a drink down do you see guys to
everybody who's wearing headphones say
sorry to everybody wearing headphones
yeah sorry to everybody who's wearing
headphones we didn't mean to it got a
little out of control
a little conversation
okay-y no I'm not gonna spray you yet
now I'm gonna spray do we have to shout
and scream okay so I just uploaded my
candle haul video so if you haven't
watched that already check it out it's
on my channel and I wanted to tell you
guys something that I probably haven't
told you guys already so weird no I told
you on Twitter and Facebook and my blog
and all that but I mean like you vlog
people I haven't told my hair that's
crazy right there I just throw it up
like I get so hot upstairs when we're
doing the showers of the kids so so hot
cuz it just gets really like humid up
there with the steam and everything so I
just threw up anyway um so I am doing a
thing collaboration with stack up to
cancer with my jewelry line so if you
don't already know I have jewelry line
I'm wearing it right now
I do the zodiac necklaces and then I do
bracelets as well which I'm not wearing
because I took it off because I was
doing shower so this month October
because it's Cancer Awareness Month and
its Stand Up to Cancer Month and all
that sixteen percent of the purchase of
the sale will go directly to stand up to
cancer on top of that we're also doing a
giveaway well it's not really a giveaway
yeah it is kind of it's not a giveaway
as much as it's a competition so the
competition
is 10 people that buy necklace during
this timeframe which I think it ends on
the 14th so it was it started on the
29th
I think of September something I thought
or the 30th I could gather I've got that
wrong and then it ends on the 14th and
that's the time frame for this
competition so for this competition to
work there are ten winners there's going
to be ten winners it's international and
basically you win afternoon tea with me
so you get to come along to a hotel in
London I'm not sure which one yet so you
get to come along have afternoon tea
with me have some yummy cake and scones
and all that kind of stuff and it is
international so steel nest have been
kind enough to offer to pay for two
International winners you're gonna pay
for their flights and their
accommodation like all-inclusive so
that's really really cool I'm really
looking forward to that so if you
haven't already Jonathan is gonna leave
the link down below to where you can get
more information about the standard for
cancer and a NASA Kony that's me
cooperation and how you can enter in all
that stuff remember like I said it
finishes on the 14th so you have until
then to enter yeah I think the ten
winners get like their piece their
jewelry and then they get an extra
necklace which is basically got an
engraving or something on it and it's
like their little invitation to the
afternoon tea so it's kind of cool so
I'm really looking forward to it I'm
really happy to be doing this
collaboration because obviously you know
Stand Up to Cancer is like something
that's affected me not son into cancer
but cancer in general has affected me
personally and my family and it's you
know it's something that I think is
really important to raise money for and
spread awareness so I hope you guys if
you have a ball a necklace or if you
haven't bought piece of jewelry and
you've been thinking about it now is a
really good time to do that because it's
all going towards a really good cause
and yeah
hopefully see some of you are afternoon
tea
