oh can I have this gingerbread nice yeah
oh thank you I just couldn't well I just
put it in my little bowl so I'll just
pick this up and bring it home with me
okay there's more stuff for me oh can I
can I take these as well oh can I have
this iPhone oh can I can I have this
kitchen oh oh is it this is true good
points oh thank you Wow
I really picked the right house the
quality this is the first time I called
you and I've been given a giant
gingerbread house I've been given an
iPhone I think into Thomas some some
toys is amazing guys this is the best
trick or treating I've ever done
whoa guys guys do you have a VIP card a
shopkins VIP card can I talk can I have
the shopkins here oh sorry there's a
limitation okay oh thank you what
that'll go very nice with the
gingerbread house I hope I don't drop it
oh thank you very much I would like a
spoon actually let's be civilized I have
a long walk home right well that's great
thanks a lot guys oh yes and sugar on
top of my ice cream Oh bye thanks guys
Oh what oh my trick-or-treat bag oh do
you want to come with me and carry all
my things for me ok let's go guys
Wow hello means brilliant so I'm back in
bed looking like crap I don't have any
makeup on Jonathan to bring downstairs
because the kids took an entire box of
our table of cold Oh No aqua beads I
can't remember something beads and spill
them all over the floor all over the
sitting room I can't honestly I can't
wait until we move so that we can have
like so that we can have like a proper
playroom like I'm craving I know this is
such like a first world problem well I'm
like craving a playroom in our house
like when I was growing up we had a
sitting room like a nice sitting room
which was also like a dining room too
I don't really care about dining rooms
to be honest I don't think we would ever
use one but and then we had like a
family room were like a playroom and the
playroom well I didn't live there one I
was like really small but like Erica did
my little sister and sometimes that
would get like actually not trash
because it wasn't like there was loads
of kids it was really just her but it
would get like Messier and then the
other room the sitting room and dining
room would stay clean like all the time
because no one really it was like the
good room you know no one really went in
there for like
playtime or anything and like I want
that no I'm so realizing why so many
families have that like they they've got
like their one playroom family room and
then they've got their one sitting room
and I know there's people out there that
live in like very a lot smaller
especially if you're in like central
London or like central kind of like
cities and stuff so I probably to those
people sound like a spoiled brat but I'm
just saying like for me right now it
just sometimes gets like I feel like the
house at the weekend gets completely
trashed because we don't have any like
scheduled activities or anything and the
kids obviously they're not at school or
they're not doing activities so they're
here um and it's fine like it doesn't
stress me as much that you used to but I
just wish that there was like one room
that didn't get trashed you know what I
mean
okay so Amelia I just got dressed and
she's ready for the party
Wow isn't it so nice yeah no I do hair
we've left the hair bows over here cuz
we total those best wait'll mom comes to
get the hair done because I didn't only
do it wrong you know cuz daddy doesn't
have long hair and that he's never had
to do hair so sometimes daddies don't
know how to do the hair that's what
mommies don't know how to do daddy
playground mmm no and mommies don't know
how to do it a horsey game I know it's
what that is are for mommies and daddies
have different jobs who cleans up your
messes when you make them and Becky
daddy does who gives a tea for making a
messes yeah see that's the game your
outfit is oh boy oh boy oh my god what
do you say don't stop
this hand huh what okay then it has to
be in that hand huh oh my goodness where
could it possibly be huh it was behind
your back
gosh you could be a brother and sister
magic duo and you can go and like
Britain's Got Talent
it's a TV show yeah but if you have a
talent you can go there and then you
perform your talent in front of
everybody and if you're really good at
it
you get three buzzers or maybe you get
the buzzers if you're not good but then
you can be hello what's your name
Eduardo and where's Eduardo from
Sorrento cool ok duardo what are you
gonna do today
from Disneyland so what's it Wireless
audition what's is water gonna do for us
today yeah okay whenever you're ready
we'll see you in a bit okay hope I don't
need a jacket bye love you
we're going out to a party no it's not
no we're not going to the farm going to
a leisure center we've never seen yeah I
think it's gonna be like soft play a bit
what's hard play - Wow
oh yeah that is fine oh my goodness
and I acted under the logo and Yanomami
and she told me that that there are
steps down down and the big thing and
try to take him down but and I took him
down berry go back up oh he wasn't let
do that was he he wasn't five should we
take the pumpkins out of the back of the
car war dough yeah yeah what do you
think we should probably do that Jimmy
yeah it's good let's go and do that oh
yes that's a comment and they were
saying that was I was i okay thank you
for your concern my friends I appreciate
that it does yeah that's it that's cuz
we love each other we care you care it
was like a actually said on yesterday
was he yesterday I can't remember
and I edit a video and I was like Anna
I'm not even is I'm not even in this
vlog I was just super busy with other
stuff other projects and work there are
you I do other things apart from the
YouTube things you know sizes it's just
a busy time so I was working most of the
day and Anna just happened to pick up
all the slack can use that your best
impression of me either
wrong way sound yeah is that what I
sound like
yeah this whole time oh boy am i Eduardo
yeah yeah I'm Amelia I love you or no
uh-uh oh your daddy oh sorry yeah all
right let's go get the pumpkins from the
car
wait did you remember to bring the keys
down daddy where's the keys to your car
Bob in the office what Jesus all right
daddy you wait here daddy
you wait whydo does a squirrel here
did you see the squirrel he was eating
some food let's see if he's still here
hold on you guys CD out we open at the
Alvin counters yeah but on the oven
Connors the squirrels are there and the
pigeons and the birds and all types of
stuff is there oh you guys had it
already
lately see why do you see the thing
they're fun super surprise thing that's
good oh it's clear that up tell em so
everybody that's pre-ordered the advent
calendar is getting the Alvin calendar
or you got to boil to get the Alvin
calendar you get the normal dated
calendar and you're also getting a
little surprise gift but the other day I
decided to order another surprise gift
for you guys so there's two surprise
gifts that's whether you order if you
ordered a calendar links down below
there's some calendars left if you are
in a calendar today you will get the
surprise and the orders right you got
two surprises that are going out and
pre-orders I think are gonna end this
week because we're now printing in a
ready to be destroyed to be sent out so
once that happens period is over and
your only guests the calendar you won't
get the gifts with it but right now if
you are the calendar you got it check it
out account unfortunately I tried to see
could we get more but it wasn't gonna
work friends all right why don't you
have to say abracadabra
it worked oh no oh geez okay that's
gonna be a problem that's gonna be it's
gonna be a problem I don't know if
that's ever gonna be able to close yeah
take this in for me Oh
new polls mm we don't need that bit wait
oh oh oh right here you take this bit
okay broke this thing off crap
and then this thing fell off oh I know
what keep saying things in front of you
you have a you grab your sisters one
I'll get the big ones yeah okay putting
out weigh-in for me please we are back
anyway yeah we a good time
