just dropped
immediate after school and she was
actually really good today
she just went straight in found her name
on the door they have to like place
their names on different parts of the
classroom depending on when they're
going home so she did that all like
perfectly and then she was just like
really confidentially some days she's
like more willing to let me leave than
others but then she also went and waved
to at me from all the different windows
and she like runs to each of them as I'm
walking around so that's really cute and
sometimes I get kind of emotional when
she does that because it's just really
sweet and then like the last time she's
like waving and I can see her face kind
of like falling a little bit and she's
been telling everybody at school of how
her Grandma and Grandpa here it's really
sweet so I'm gonna head back now I'm
going to attempt to do a workout by
myself which I haven't done in a really
long time because I've usually just been
working out with Lucy so I'm gonna try
and do it today
and then hopefully film a video for you
guys from one day that should be fun
it's a Halloween one and I'm excited
about that
you've grown Markus you say goodbye
grandma the police car is much better
okay I'm not come and see you again soon
is that okay
it's freezing all right over this way
princess Eduardo say bye grandma walk to
the first cage yeah princess where you
going today Manchester Birmingham
Birmingham people who have to be nice
you don't want them to go home you like
them did you like sneaking into their
bed at night yeah well maybe they'll
come back again soon and visit us what
do you think Jake touchy trick country
where no house smelly feet okay oh no no
no no no no no don't knock it off okay
let's go check them in the camera and
make sure grandma grace
my work here is done I did report some
of it I don't know if Johnson's gonna
put that in this video because you might
be like what but what is this footage
what is this doing in here this should
be on your channel but I just wanted to
show like a little bit of what I'm doing
because it is kind of different it's not
like hugely different the one I posted
but I've been doing obviously the one I
posted is the first trimester workout so
it's slightly easier but that's really
all I could handle back then and I've
been doing the second trimester one for
quite a while now I'm getting my energy
back like slowly like in the beginning
of the second I could only manage it
like once or twice a week but now I feel
like I'm getting like more energy but it
took a while like with me Leon Eduardo
or at least definitely with the media I
can't really remember with Eduardo I
think was similar though literally the
second I hit the second trimester I was
like so ready to go like I had so much
energy whereas this time it's taken me
like quite a while and I think it's just
because it's the third and I've got two
kids already so I'm just exhausted all
the time like running around after them
and like you know getting up early for
the school run going to bed way too late
I know that's totally my fault but it's
just like different this time I feel
more tired I would say this week I've
felt a lot a lot better but it's just
taking so much longer and I kind of feel
like myself again and I feel strong when
I work out and I I feel better on the
days that I do I've always felt that way
but now more than like it's kind of
reminding me of how I felt before I got
pregnant you know what I mean like where
I would want I literally wanted to work
out five days a week because it made me
feel good and I'm looking forward to
filming my video I think it will be
really fun cuz it's gonna be a Halloween
one and I've got a few Halloween ones
plan
for this month so all for the month of
October I'm doing pretty much like how
the weenie type ones except for I think
the last one because it's on Halloween
that's gonna just be a normal one but
yeah I'm really excited
there is a baking one in there as well
so get excited for that I've already
bought supplies and yeah I could go
inside and get all the change now so I
feel really bad because the bird feeders
haven't been filled in I want to say
weeks maybe like a little bit less than
we need it's maybe one or two weeks so I
just filled that one there I'm gonna
fill the little house and then I've also
got a peanut one here which the
squirrels have attacked and what else oh
my god I've got one of these for the
balls so
I've got a square one as well but I
don't have anything to put it in so
that's gonna be it for now but that's
plenty but I just felt really bad
because I see the birds around and
they're like looking for food and it's
not there and it's just my laziness
that's all that's stopping me preventing
me from doing this
so knees up oh I think there's more yeah
I literally just did it just did it and
there's a little oh he's gone there was
a little fat Robin already there I think
he's gonna come back mmm where did he go
I swear he was there like that's not
gonna go anyway I don't know how they
know what I must know
boom boom bum bum bum bum bum bum bum
bum bad I'm bad at them boom batter them
batter them fighting I'm bum bum bum bum
bum bum batter at home they don't bother
them but bit him bit him boom so I just
did a haul like a mini haul on snapchat
of all the things that I got from
Isabella Oliver because I just hauled
like a load of stuff like maternity
things because I needed them like I was
kind of just wearing my normal clothes
which was fine and actually most of them
are comfortable if they're low-rise like
jeans and stuff but high-waisted ones I
can't wear and so I'm kind of limited
with what I can wear like I wear those
ripped jeans a lot because they're
low-rise and that's kind of it and then
I have one pair of maternity jeans which
are grey and that's kind of all I could
wear so I got this jumpsuit that I'm
wearing right now which is really really
nice I love it it's like a long-sleeved
Jersey jumpsuit and I feel like you
could wear this really casual or really
dressed up and then I've got all this
stuff which I've just tried on so it
looks like a mess I got some pairs of
jeans which I really needed I got some
boyfriend jeans which look absolutely
massive and you know what I didn't like
them at first but now I kind of think
that we cute like imagine them with this
check shirt I'm like a white tank top
underneath when you're like really
progressed and it's just relaxed and
kind of comfy with some ballet flats I
did not be cute
I got a blazer there might see this is
what I was doing I was using the hair
tie trick which is that's a what you
call it an age-old trick that I use with
the media's pregnancy as well wait
didn't we make it a sticker others
hi to the sitting room Oh digit IDs
Sydney share with Eduardo and eat all
your dinner did water get us did water
get a stick or two you're about to lose
your sticker lose yourself in the moment
Wow Mar no we're not gonna get a sticker
do you want a sticker did you did you
share your toys in the media pick that
up and you might get a sticker picked it
up and you might get a sticker please
and have you picked up all the toys that
you threw it was Francesca ah give him a
cuteness taker right lads this is the
reality of owning dogs Oh got a big poo
stuck in her bum so this is our doll
collection stuff I think we're gonna go
for it is zest in show natural millions
shampoo for the dogs the zesty good feel
of seeing that
