I can
but I'm bringing one of the wonderful
delay yeah did you have a nice sleep in
where no sleeping good morning friends
it is the morning time and what I was
very excited because he slept in my
mom's bed last night and he kids are
calling Parker who is not my father but
they calling him grandpa which is really
cute so you'd only have a ground in
their life at the moment so it's kind of
cute that they call him grandpa that's
Harry they're so excited they're like
ice-t mommy you grabbed his face last
night you know they just wanna I think
they just want to normalize the whole
grandparents thing
yeah Brits amazing he learned in Tanana
my mommy intercept the last night she
had him couldn't get enough so she just
went and grabbed the thrower to her bed
so we can even notice he's like yeah I
selling lucky because
why me and Grandpa uh yeah good job
mister
I just dropped Amelia off and he was so
cute
so we were like we park it's light I
park kind of like farther away and then
we walk and we practice like this house
and there was a dog sitting outside like
a golden retriever dog but amelia was
really worried that the dog didn't have
an owner because it was just like tied
up on its lead not really tied up but
like unlike the pole outside waiting and
it was working his hair was so cute and
she kept looking at it like where's its
owner where is its mommy or daddy I was
like she's coming I'm sure she's coming
and then we saw the dog like further
along on her walk and she kept like
looking back like she was completely
obsessed well I was like okay what is
going on with you I think she was just
checking to see that the dog definitely
had an owner and then the owner let her
stroke her and everything and her name
was Anna not the owner of the dog the
dog's name was Anna that was so cool
I've never met a dog with the same name
as me and it was blond how cool is that
alright we are going to get some
haircuts
we're going to get some haircuts
haircuts hair cuts this way this way mr.
delish come on we're gonna be late
five four three two one okay Warren is
not coming part is not coming
alright go on in in the 5 4 3 2 1 works
very effectively with Eduardo it does
not work at all with immediate she knows
there's nothing's going to happen
triggers never get to 1 come on hoppy
mister we're gonna be late we're gonna
be late and then you won't be able
teacher haircut and then oh my goodness
what will happen so Eduardo has been
needing a haircut her really long time
but I keep putting it off not for any
reason just I keep forgetting like I
kept forgetting to ring the hairdresser
and then yesterday because you can
actually book it online so really don't
have any excuse yesterday I was like I'm
doing it I'm doing it today so I did it
and it was really easy I could have
actually had him in yesterday if I
wanted to so I think I just feel like
his like Amelia kind of needs a hair
like a trim as well but obviously she's
at school so I left it but I feel like
his hair just grows really really fast
like I'm like he loves that please
because you get like a biscuit and yeah
you got biscuit and it's just really
like child friendly obviously as if
children's hair salon well I would
you're excited for your cookie for your
biscuit yeah who came up with the idea
why does the why don't I don't get this
gets like when I go through the doctors
why don't I get a lollipop tell me yes
discrimination against your not gonna
throw a tantrum maybe I maybe I will
I love his ass but today it's so cute
you excited to get your hat you've got
James I'm excited to get more I know
what kind of jeans does daddy have on
we're twins until you're on job teens
duck let's go mr. there's Peppa Pig Coco
Coco - mommy
let's put pepper over here so I can
watch the hair looks crew got gelatin
huh
this is B Sun me Sun ever gone he's got
a little hair of course flick your hair
covered oh yeah you don't who are you
excited to show your haircut you granny
grandpa Bernie and Grandpa go run run
run run to granny and Grandpa
I'm so excited to show to Joseph with
like gel and stuff in his hair I was
like can you put gel in a two year olds
hair sounds insane even put gel in my
hair
oh your sticker that you're a great boy
I'm a hair Addison we went for a sneaker
we got a free haircut that's what you
should try yeah you can go and get
a sticker as well you have a cup of pig
there and everything okay yeah you can
sit in that little airplane
friends I think there might be some
confusion about the second a jewelry
calendars as here so as you guys know
the actual advent calendars are now on
four chose sold out my foot some feelers
in I'm not sure if we're going to be
able to actually get more of them in but
you'll be glad to know that the actual
calendars are still available and they
said a lot of people have been emailing
the store saying at them do you have any
more calendars and they're also lands
over and they were specifically afraid
you have been calendar so there are some
calendars if you would like one go forth
and take one okay I'm very sorry about
the Afrikaners you just you guys crushed
it way too much okay so next year I'll
get double the amount okay I will sort
it out but yeah counter still available
make sure to get them before they're all
gone and then they'll be all gone too
and then we'll all be well hope be very
very sad guys something happened to the
pumpkin
where what happened to the pumpkin what
happened to the pumpkin the pumpkin gets
it what does the pumpkin say when I take
it he's got a booger in his nose yeah no
he's got a booger oh yeah it's what he
says huh
he says where to get an owie
did you fall over what don't show people
that food in your mouth
did you like the writer the haircut is
out today you got a biscuit did you get
a biscuit like a hairdressers did you
get a pic I got boogers on it girl fuzzy
and everybody and me and and Austin zero
oh yeah we don't move your cousins
that's right it warmed up he's learning
yeah I didn't and Chloe
there are cousins what will you meet it
you go pick a book for mom and grandma
all right let's pick books guys know our
Peppa Pig something juicier or drunk
kramitz read all of your books book I
know no hold on hold on now you have to
give grandma a bit of a challenge this
way Amelia Maisie goes to nurseries no
when he taught me a big juicy no no no
didn't get the approval this one the
pork eater no now didn't get the
approval there's a very strict approval
process oh my gosh how about the nursery
wait a second is this a game get into
bed
oh you gotta go that way
and yeah well I'm going to be have to
lift it water out so you got your leg
wider in the Italian media cuz I'm gonna
lift you actually talk to you now no
captain yes are we ready ready no - aunt
grandma - read it in Irish or English in
Irish Irish all right there boy well
read an Irish it I gotta live read an
Irish converted oh yeah yeah yeah
whether you have to be pepper on the
succour get a donor and train Michaela
hurry our seed flare and the moisture
I'm quitting that's a rabbit moist and
quitting in some stall shown to be
shaken to the Chiquitita lair August the
Gras - Katie let the hole - Katie no no
nothin over that that's it that's the
other line go chinos right let's go what
work will convert to English
can you feel bad
