good morning friends
we are trick-or-treating there's a witch
inside mr. which is in that haze too
are there ghosts in the house no there's
no goes there's bats Oh what is that big
one up there isn't her I turned this
fighter on so this spider comes out when
little boy is trying to eat the
gingerbread house yeah where where all
the little things gunner in here wear it
oh hey did you every time you walk past
look at this we know you did do you have
a little nibble every time you walk past
look at a bump it's got so much bigger
from this light it's actually more
dramatic but not I don't know it from
the slide it's like to me it's more
dramatic but then when I look at it like
this it is to do not I mean I don't know
does that make sense
it looks more dramatic like when you can
see the
but then I feel like it also looks
bigger I think I'm up really high
apparently that's a girl thing but
totally you know there was a difference
between a media and Eduardo how I
carried I think I carried pretty much
the same anyway so I'm wearing leggings
today cuz it's just comfy and I think
I'm gonna wear ugg boots when I'm if I
do go out later I need to send my mom
and Granny Amelia school photos which
arrived this week and figure out who
else I'm gonna send them to I don't know
who I don't know first some ticks I feel
kind of weird sending them like is it a
bit like presumptuous to just send
members of the family like because they
might not want them I don't know um
obviously give some to Jonathan's mum
like all the grandmas that's all I can
really think I don't know who else it
wanted don't know if not like my brother
would want one or not so we'll see I
might maybe text people and ask them if
they want them but they're really cute I
wish I could show you guys but I can't
cuz her uniforms in it but she looks
adorable okay what are we saying far
rekt ah
so my mom has come with her boyfriend
for quoi but the guys can't say - let's
go see if they're here guys let's go
check come on
you see girls car guys what did you see
Parker - Oh cross the road you see over
there yeah you see mommy a burka or
grandma what after we hear guys they're
gonna come in in a minute and then you
have to say welcome mr. butterflies ooh
yeah okay guys guys guys stand here
stand here here they come right the song
please we had the song and everything we
failed
it's been so many months
come on show Gamma and Fargo where to go
or crackers you call them are we taking
the scooters Oh
which way we going alright this follow
follow the leaders yeah you don't need a
scooter no he's a heavy little fella boy
aren't you
whoa careful
yes I'm wearing red socks and Tom's gay
don't judge me I wasn't wearing Tom's I
was writing Reds up what do you look
inward over what's going on here as I
see I'm 25 present you let's see what
grandma got you guys dicks
the media is birthday a while ago so
here's a birthday card right night PMS
in your mouth Oh father present
where are we going
open your present
come on Marta come over here in a minute
how's my waiters a wizard there are you
ready no cheater cheater cheaters oh
it's coming into the liner to draw no
wonder your fish isn't working whalers
Kuan Yew stirrup or no party pajama
party you can't go with you to the back
because it's neither but that party it's
a pajama party what you keep jiminy jobs
oh my goodness they've lost their little
minds we're gonna have a quick shower
okay okay this was not the plan yeah
yeah yeah yeah this is what I've been
sent up here for what
you can go back to sister grandma you
gotta put slippers on your slippers are
already downstairs mr. your slippers
event is come on mister yeah Thomas ones
what does Thomas drive this Thomas drive
an aeroplane know what he does what a
train mister think enjoy enjoy okay go
you show grandma your shoes
zippers where's Thomas Thomas there's
one Thomas how many Thomas's do we need
do we need five Thomas's oh we found
another present
oh my goodness oh I mean it isn't like
that one
walkie talkies okay hold on daddy would
open the walkie-talkies walkie-talkies
okay you can have spider-man and water
can have Avengers or something let's
open it all right so this might be a
great idea or just might be a terrible
idea
nine hundred percent sure which way this
is gonna go homeless honest how cool
would this be if you were a kid oh wait
they are kids I bet that change this
channel or anything okay that's good get
a batteries in here okay press it here
say something say hi wardo say hello
hello
ready
hello no don't bring it back in there
the ideas no you don't bring it back in
we are taking full advantage of the
grandmas situation
date night date night don't get a fright
night date night
all right we have come to
hi coach I got this thing which is
exactly what I got last time we're in
coach
the baby yet I bet you got the rosado's
oh oh my goodness did you guys see
Anna's Instagram picture oh wait you
plug new yeah your bump is taking the
life itself like the pump is done we are
in serious and pump mode here but it's
like a proper like it even has that I
always say its proper one how's it like
it that you can grab a from underneath
and then hold it in your hand you know I
can't wait see it again
haven't seen in a while we should try to
Doppler thing again last let me just
stop know what last time we did it
everyone was telling me how to actually
do what we did it wrong
this is why I think we're too high up or
something my mom funny woman
I can't said to be really good for
everybody else except for us you know
there knows how to get you can be proud
of them unless it does don't forget your
coat
every time we comer I think I should
have practiced right here yeah yeah
single lines are cool single bets were
only made for cars parked after six
concise
that could have been welcomed Amoz lads
we could be in there having a wall goes
right now a cheeky wall guy the kikiwaka
but no a cheeky katsu curry oh what you
know a girl frightened him
oh gee you crate show you this every
time you pass this place is moving to
hear this weird Fox I think it's a real
Fox as well it's got a shotgun it's
gonna hurt it's all Billie's they're all
usual spot ok ok ok hi ok this is like a
horror movie doesn't it no definitely
looks like a horror movie as I recall it
was a horror movie oh yes I mean the
horror movie so cool it would not be so
nice in the garden you're out of breath
okay alright lads
we're back in the car we're gonna go
check out some houses I hope today's
video presentation has been animal of
less experience we collected for dog
have you enjoyed your even gonna watch
this video and it's been a bit slacking
lately on the vlogs
alright goodbye friends thank you for
watching this video presentation
situation and I will see you tomorrow
there's nothing amazing blow minds
now some to go after sleeping out the
flow are going slipping out the door
before you see my face now stepping out
the door
