good morning plans today really drool
tiny one good morning friends Amelia is
an explorer today and she's going on a
dinosaur hunt but we're gonna need some
car seats
it is 6:45 but we're not leaving with
you up I'm just trying to get prepared
right well you know what we'll take this
one sporty today sportivo and preggers
and sporty breakers if there is a an
Olympic pregnancy the pregnancy games
hey we did Olympic pregnancy games hey
guys and welcome to the pregnancy
Olympics a pregnancy workout video with
that I'm doing kind of non-earth the
Olympics it's happening soon because we
obviously would have competed and then
we thought would be fair and everything
so we're just going to draw a pregnancy
lid on so we're gonna take our arm up
across our body
oh no we're gonna do a leg and kind of
like lower body stretch so you can do
this if you don't have good balance you
can do it was like a chair in front of
you or something that you can hold on to
funny you know cuz your whole top office
that wasn't there you'd be like whoa
that girl must be really sporty mommy's
car is gone we're gonna go in Daddy's
car Nate you want to go in that is super
fast sports car or daddy's car with the
TV's daddy come fast
ah yeah there mommy can calm your anger
you're the TV's mommy can come we can
put mommy in the glove box or in the
boot oh that's handy
good morning mr. on everything for you
everyone this is my son Miss Annie only
midday Turner by God you'll soon have a
little tiny sister will he be of a good
brother and my question to you
Eduardo system so far you're gonna be a
good Big Brother are you you're gonna
share Thomas your sister the Metis kind
of a party oh you're Percy and what are
you going to give your little sister
which one so if you're Princess Anna
Anna media is Princess Elsa you should
little sister gonna be Olaf Kristoff
spend ho she doesn't like frozen
well she likes peanuts a - yeah also
Emilia and her will be Queen Elsa
annually Funes Anna what come on little
Explorer so media is not wearing a
uniform today why you're not wearing
uniform today what this is mommy's but
because that one was in the way exactly
crazy baby there listen to me
are you ready for that what we have to
do it for the old times for old times
sake
are you ready for that ah if I say
skewer right away I'm gonna fit in here
so today's theme was it's Explorer day
so they're going why are you they're
going on a dinosaur take so I had to
dress like an explorer Amelia I like the
site a hike our high fashion media looks
like she's going on a pirate shopping
trip yeah she doesn't look like she's
exploring anything but I put her in like
natural colors I'm trying to make it an
explorer outfit
there's like no costumes like if you
look it up online I think most people
probably have the Hat because that's
like the most you know the tan hat but
she's got butterflies on her top she's
wearing like a faded pink and a khaki
color and ballet flats and a trench coat
so Amelia has gone to school and we are
out like fools in a park that is wintery
winter has come autumn it's nice so I
like this got jumper got layered up I
just think I need to bring some scarves
and hats up from the basement yeah it's
time it's time to come here friends get
the scarves and hats up from the
basement Lucy and I just filmed a
workout video so if you want to check
that out go to my channel and her
channel cuz we've got like a double one
going up kind of so like she's gonna be
doing my this is not good for my frizzy
this is lady but if you want to see it
just check it out she's got more
detailed one I've got the first pregnant
first trimester one and it's the whole
workout that I did for the whole first
trimester we just filmed it today so
that will be going up for you it will be
yesterday so it will definitely be up on
my channel so check it out and you're
going yeah no thanks well I do have
makeup on because I have to do the
school run so that helps
I just got a facial done in the
dermatologist so that's why it is a part
of the excitement like she's a local
company idiot yeah it's nice I got I got
a full of section of winter flowers this
is one of them stay tuned for the next
couple of lots as they in traditionally
appear OD excitement glad see if you can
spot them where's the spider
show me the spider
show me is it anywhere where we found a
spider guys oh this little guy here you
like little spiders you don't like big
spiders look at the Incy Wincy Spider
he's not a daddy longlegs did you water
went swimming this morning
yeah like the Incy Wincy Spider look
he's trying to climb he's trying to
climb up oh he's falling down Incy Wincy
Spider penned up the sitting-room wall
down came who's that
honey right well let's leave the spider
here on his way all right all the way
back down yeah all the way up all the
way oh I hope he is good luck mr. spider
go go go go go go go did you see the man
Wow was he in the garden oh my goodness
what was the man doing
he was picking up the leaves he's our
gardener
oh the man with the leaves or was it a
man with a plan will you come on first
mister we're gonna need one of these
they're gonna need this bad boy remember
so tell me Eduardo do you prefer this
car or the little red sports car artists
easel 'if some on here right now which
car do you prefer this car or do you
understand a sports car with the new car
wardo
are you coming with us no you left the
gate open
oh sorry sorry ma'am sorry ma'am no
pictures did you have fun in school
today you you went looking for dinosaurs
dinosaur bones what else did you do full
paint brushes yeah and I got time but I
didn't find the dinosaur bone but we
picked us and I didn't have I don't have
go so it's a white because I let
everyone have another go
don't be very nice to everyone but I
don't I think that's it huh so so
someone else got a sticker you can't get
the stickers every day I think that's
because I didn't cry when I think yes
Victor
that's a good girl who did you play with
today everyone everyone everyone the
drummer yesterday no way I think I said
on Twitter I said on Twitter I was like
don't worry there is plenty of calendars
for everybody because I basically looked
at the Amana counters we need last year
to make sure everyone's gonna get a
calendar and we should be able to make
another print run but the advent
calendars are pretty much the ones we
have in stock are the only ones because
obviously you know you gotta make the
chocolate and the things is a lot more
complicated but I was like look we
definitely have enough so on the first
day not even a day when I launched the
shop last night at about what 8 or 8
o'clock or 9 o'clock of what we've
already sold almost half the Africa
leaders
I really want everyone to get one that
one to a note because like I've got you
know what every day in December will
we're going I have these two are here
for Amelia Dwight alright I took two you
know I was like just to make sure that
meaning Eduardo have one so we're every
day in December we're gonna open the
doors and it'll be like you guys can
open the doors as well and the super
secret surprise oh my goodness which you
have to finish actually developing but
it's gonna be amazing
don't forget it's a Coney Jolie shop
calm get the bundle the bundle it's the
best cuz you get the counter we maybe
offer so you can get the calendar and
the advent calendar a little bit cheaper
and save yourself some coinage for the
pockets and yeah get the app and
counters and get to town there's less
before your own before for let's say if
I friends or friends oh god you're right
hey do you shop calm
