good morning friends it's Pancake Day
it's like the old days so why don't I
all right two of them came into the bed
like nincompoops we kind of have did
water thing a little bit under control
now look what he did last night he made
a bed for himself beside our baby is
that your bed why no is that your new
bed down there
hey Sam a pillow and then he only woke
up because Amelia came to the bedroom
all come off this young good deal did
you find why no I sleep on the floor in
your new bed yeah because I didn't know
he is I didn't know he was here I don't
know what he knew he was here did you
just stop my Crazy Legs queasy legs
Magoo
can you say pan-pan toga pad pan-pan
Koga calm and Koga
hey Kang Koga you Tom yeah we used to
call you pan Koga Ren why my tummy we
need to tell your a pan thank ok
do you like pancakes or crÃªpes I prefer
crepes you got money I got sided to that
Wow
pirate's treasure can knock oh she can
mister up for under bed and the little
one said my Alva fall over and we all
rolled over and mommy fell out everyone
roll over wait wait rolled over
ok so we're making it Wireless pancake
well so this is actually born as pancake
but we're gonna make him yeah I'm going
on we just have to melt the oil ok yeah
alright what's that but you're pranking
that's your pretend one that's your real
one okay you're gonna flip it yeah hold
on
ah I'm doing two at the same time so I
don't know what to do first you want to
flip it in the Chi yeah yeah yeah yeah
you can't leak checks Oh almost
don't touch it yet because it's still
kind of hot okay
who are you gonna give it to thank you
should flip it in the sky I've never
done this before
look everybody
Eduardo made his own pancake Oh
friends it's this kind of a sundae
I'm watching property shows that's what
you do what you're looking for houses
you're why problem with this one is that
tell me okay it's one where they like I
think it's called country has they're
all people that live like in the city
like in London and stuff and I want to
move out like Surrey and Kent I'm like
perfect perfect what if you live in
Surrey and you want to move to Surrey
good Emilia made to me that made me a
car nice what do you guys think of barn
conversions I'm not I don't know there's
some of them are nice but I'm really
holding out for a high ceiling home high
ceiling home it's gonna one who only
looked at the other day by the way it
was incredible it had high ceilings it
had everything going for it just one
tiny thing off with it and I just feel
like I'm gonna hold that for perfection
and we're gonna live here forever like
hey
also I have a question how do you drink
a hot drink alright it's all
concentrated how do you drink hot drink
I was discipline idea right I use my
time I lift my tongue off you go out
there I can't figure out what I can say
today
what do you this is me son me son of a
gun son of a gun I have two princesses
on the way
well I have one pair oh my goodness
media did you know much
that's so good got some people did you
make this one word oh wow I like it is
that daddy's car to roadster yeah no oh
dear who brought jelly beans into this
bed here's what these into this bed
mm-hmm me it was you are you so honest
with Eduardo this was full when it came
to this bed and look him and you're in
it now
ah don't struggle no more but I get a
neck oh boy oh no don't say that that's
a bad word oh oh oh golly okay what do
you say if you're a parent like this oh
no uh-huh
Oh No okay a lot say Oh
poopoo hey I'll clap I'll wash your
mouth out with soap
you got lipstick all over you yummy
honey you got me too buddy
yeah man your makeup this is what he
asks me every night oh my god man what
are you doing Oh
she's got a pregnant Elsa game on my
phone
ah sleeping it anyway what I was saying
the c-word the craap word not the other
look the other would that would be read
is because there are a few stains on the
sheets and I think they might be from
jelly beans go to Daddy
ask daddy for your cop because you have
a cold and I don't want to catch your
cold because I can't take paracetamol or
whatever it is I can take lemsip have
you found it how to work the game
let me see here's an ad we've ordered a
pizza
this weekend has been so in my video my
pregnancy vlog the first one I was like
oh I have no appetite and then remember
how in that video I was like I bet
that's gonna change and catch up with me
well it has ok so I feel like I've just
like been eating non-stop or we can't
alright friends I have been working hard
on this boy here but the friendly
artifice they say Kony Charlie's
calendars ah+ yep a lot of people
guessed it but yeah it is an advent
calendar we're doing this year exciting
but it's almost it's almost ready when I
was if you click on more anything does
it work let's go this one that's one
less boom boom oh no wait that was nice
that wasn't supposed to go there
oh why no debt that doesn't that wasn't
supposed to go there oh it's supposed to
be the bundle why is that going to the
bundle oh this one yeah this one goes to
the bundle yeah so we're gonna deal this
year able to get both of them hopefully
by the time you watch it or excuse me
hopefully by the time you're watching
this um so yeah this is what they look
like the advent calendars by the way how
awesome is that I made our own chocolate
what is it
I uh excuse me hi there - I am talking
okay I gotta go I gotta go because our
destruction is breaking what I've
encounters and not only is this just a
normal advent calendar there's a secret
special surprise in here we are we got
this artist to develop this it's an
entire ciccone Jolie's actual story in
the thing I can't do the spinach right
now hold on a second
but it's amazing um this little game you
can spot everybody and there's also a
secret a meta focus there's also a super
secret surprise hidden inside the album
calendar some of you guys will figure it
out some of you guys will never figure
it out but it's pretty exciting this is
only the start of your journey this is
interactive friends I'm not gonna say
anymore I will tell you as the month
progresses but yeah and then we have an
end Calendar AUB's calendar running
there month but it is October you want
to see this time next year you want to
see this next year's one all right here
we go boom that's that's October how
awesome is that picture oh my goodness
I am come on I don't on is this was got
like anyway for October yeah some
friends having calendars normal
calendars hopefully I can get this
finished in time I'm just working on it
now I am going to do the spinnies now oh
my goodness are you gonna get a calendar
are you okay okay I gotta go I gotta go
and do two pennies that was okay but we
could do it better okay let's go take
two guys let's try it let's try the real
door let's try the real door because if
you want to if you want to get the good
Suites
if you want to get the good Suites you
really got to commit that wasn't good
enough that's not gonna get you any
candy you gotta jump in the air and go
try cart rate yeah we got a really loud
all right you ready
you ready here we go knock in the door
whoa now we're talking yeah okay okay
okay you've got it again all right this
is it the last one you ready do it oh
I'm terrified of you come on inside for
me oh thank you son whoa did you leave
your homework for Sunday night Oh
Melia that's the worst idea yes after
homework till Sunday least you're not
doing it on the bus on Monday morning
that's what daddy used to do huh
the world of homework you don't have any
homework yet oh you can have homework if
you want homework you want some homework
do you
all your homework is to get us a pizza
yeah he did ice okay magic me a pizza
please go together
which one does this one go with Hey
oh my goodness Eduardo how did you do
that how did you make that appear you
have magical powers
Wow
Mordo is a magical man beat the poorest
the lunar it's a party Sunday night and
it's so lame and the kids are gonna be
so grumpy tomorrow but I'm working high
on a primary hard to always get a tech
team right at the counter shop running
gonna be up any minute now very excited
Pizza time yeah we're ice-skating we've
got a little bump coming on water stay
on board
oh no man bad man
data's course word Oh baby
you
