well hello I did not we both really
wanted this but we definitely did not
expect it to happen as fast as it
happened think we may have gotten it
pregnant in a very late October or early
November possibly on the book tour this
could be a Scottish baby we have an
Italian baby an Irish baby an English
baby and now maybe a Scottish baby who
knows when we got pregnant Emilia we had
no idea the finding and ina was pregnant
media was like such a shock for our
sleepy sleepy bond there I just woke up
so I said which might as well Wow Wow
marriage is so amazing when we got
pregnant with Eduardo we were trying so
we went to so many tests that by the
time we actually got pregnant Eduardo it
was kind of like Oh more of a relief
because it was what we wanted because we
wanted a million who are we close
together
my test from three weeks ago
yeah so I'm keeping it even though it's
kind of disgusting oh yeah put it with
you knowing but yeah I kept the other
one so although Amelia's was what was it
like a Tesco special to Bureau job he
got like it's like pure blue Kevin who's
special more friendly as friends we are
now gonna be a family of an even 10 we
were at night it just didn't work one
six dogs three people oh yeah there were
gonna be four people two out of two
children are two NFC children with a
family pass when we discussed having a
third child and you guys know it was
really difficult for us for some reason
we were unable to get pregnant for an
entire year and then we finally did get
pregnant we were so happy but we found
out because we were like trying we went
to you about I don't know 50 pregnancy
tests no mommy don't want mommy
cold froze my fingers time
so the melee is number one and it wired
owes number two then who is number three
shit
we did it I I did I put the bun in the
oven
you just turned the gas on and are
cooking it you just fertilized yeah I am
basically wait so I'm the ingredients
you're the oven
but sadly dad that pregnancy was not
meant to be and after 11 weeks we found
that that we had a missed miscarriage
and we lost that baby
we call that baby squid I got a little
tattoo okay so the doctor came in and we
did a probe thing but um she said that
like it might be a missed miscarriage
thing they can't find the heartbeat he
said also there's a chance that it might
be just really early so they might be
able to find this the heartbeat bud
said her the sack was really big or
something instead you know so she's
gonna send the information to our
consultant and he's gonna give us a call
later and they said we should go back in
a week's time like maybe there's a small
chance that the pregnancy is just we
only got pregnant towards the end of the
period and maybe maybe it just hasn't
grown yet but she wasn't able to find a
heart you can see the little fella in
the thing you know
does the moon not know
it needs the Sun to shine illuminating
all its melancholy sadness downer
friends are
does the Ray not know
that needs the Sun to shine vaporetto
all little droplets we took some time to
ourselves and shortly afterwards we
found out we were pregnant with Alessia
our friends it is the 16th of July 2016
would you believe and last night we
found out something very interesting
we're pregnant
well she's pregnant I'm not pregnant
seagulls crying in my jeans over ice
cream cones dropped in the sand and all
the castles will be paid
to wash away the same way the boy we
went back to the room to the EP you
exactly with the same girl that told us
last time about squid and that it didn't
work out so we were both quite anxious
you know to check it out but little
fella is chilling like a villain which
brings us to the point in fact friends
welcome to our fort pregnancy journey it
begins today over the last couple of
months I have been filming little bits
for you guys to present you in this
video so sit back relax and enjoy the
story of how we found out we were
pregnant with our fourth child and then
tune in tomorrow for the gender reveal
Oh
enjoy Marie's
all right we're just back from the day
we went to Harrods to get the sissy
Santa Claus right and it's been proven
for a while because she she's been late
for quite a while so we just bought a
pregnancy test so Kobe that Adam could
be a father again Sabrina or I know one
of them what so guys what Mike ahead and
I just took the pregnancy test and she's
pregnant
oh my goodness this is the first time
you just screamed at me from a toilet
well wait no way wait what's the route
where did you
my god it better not be like
don't
hi I was just wondering do you have any
availability for an early pregnancy scan
today okay guys so it is currently the
11 of December 2017 we are on our way to
our first and hopefully not last baby
scan I'm really nervous
I've already had like stomach like
there's like a pit in my stomach you
know I just feel really like anxious or
something and I just want to get it over
with because if it's a bad outcome I
just want that to be over way oh my
goodness guys we party this the exact
same spot last time we were here like a
year ago or something whenever it was
and probably me like oh you're back
again this joint a season past or
something different car different
clothes same people yeah it was scarier
I was much more nervous last time here
I'm just like I'm not emotionally
engaging are you it's different it's
your body it's different for this
different for the dance
but this is a really huge us with your
room a mat mat working I think it would
be helpful to internal scale because
I'll be able to see in a bit clearer
okay so I can't see a baby yet
today but always until we can say well
we didn't get the reassurance but we
didn't get bad news either you know so
yeah but it would mean I wouldn't and
make everything everything seems good so
good news for you guys you don't have to
wait a week or two you get to find out
in this next clip lucky for you see you
in a few weeks
and we are here back in the room where
all the things we're done for last yeah
well the same OB it controls and
everything we could to ago I think was
we've got the scan done and we couldn't
see anything so at this time hopefully
today we're gonna get good news we're
both prepared for like ya know it's not
a viola agency a gambler and there's a
stripping off social turn
he knows Christ and all those well did
she do any measurements before last time
she married her the sack it was another
man was a mixie but this this is a good
sign
oh yeah this is way more than we saw
last time last time there was an empty
sack okay
the
okay so it's for real
that's your 40 trials so it's official
it's for real very excited I kind of
well okay there's always a chance we
could still go wrong for them we never
saw the heartbeat on another squiddy's
so I feel like now oh my goodness
there's no way out now it is the 9th of
January friends and we are coming to see
another scan for a little Bambino
I think it's an oh my goodness oh my
goodness guys you need to find
okay we're on hardy Street okay look up
artista
oh my goodness oh you see the girl
you're just like me baby number four you
actually just do it yourself
so we just put some of this on isn't it
just and then we grabbed this thing
where does that go again oh by Dee will
buy that that's a construction work on
anything so we've seen our no friend
again today look at it now or him or her
who knows so there's two of them can you
make her wave or something or him or her
well what would be your guest oh give it
a guess God go ahead you have to my last
one boy boy Oh
you find happen actually get our little
friends look at our little friends huh
who are you who are you in there huh who
are you what are you doing in there
daddy mommy said I could tell you this
what nice mommy said you lie tell me are
you ready to see your possible brother
or sister
what I seen nothing like this before
I'd seen nothing like this before in my
life all right Syd nothing like this
before my life
he just knows meaning what do you think
meaning you call it no no this is a
different video this video we're outside
the South I warn you in my dream oh the
clothes are they just so how were you in
my dreams
if that go I've come a long way for you
see I've come a long way
I'll say
