right oh but that we have this is for
our window we can that's right Chet come
fast
Oh doc good morning friends and welcome
to today on this video for you it's on
the word Pardo has already taken a bite
out of the ginger ass I did not take
long dogs are all gonna crazy just your
regular regular morning situation
what are we parking out guys what do we
barking huh what do we barking at seven
o'clock in the morning huh let's go come
on Albie come up you should know better
we're almost seven years old mister
Eduardo I'm gonna say stealing are you
stealing from the house
oh yeah and it's like the dog series and
dress like the dog suited Redis just
dropped Amelia off at school and it's
really sunny really bright it's actually
really nice today but I'm going to a
coffee morning now with all the other
moms Jonathan really wants to go Oh
Jonathan loves like chatting to the moms
I told you guys this one we're on
holidays but he's the exact same for
when were like just at the school like
he makes friends at all of the moms I
mean so do i but like he just really
really likes it look I can job guys
becoming a pro oh that was really nice
Jonathan it was like all of your clips
are in the car like I know but literally
it's with the school runs and everything
this is all I do now all right let's go
mister yeah yeah that's what we're going
mister okay so yesterday I brought
Amelia and I didn't bring it right away
and he kept telling me so I was like why
I'm gonna bring him out um I'm gonna
vlog it well I just trying to sit in
Amelia seat your whole lot easier and
we'll just block his reaction and
immediate reaction letting you be kind
of fun yeah
is it cool alright the first test okay I
drop my phone still working
okay we're ready
who's that fun word oh yeah did it go
bang bang bang okay
so the camera is sort of set up on a
tripod thing right now wrapped around
some other stuff to keep it steady
hopefully this works you won't be able
to see me but it doesn't really matter
y'all know hi my reaction won't be as
exciting as it why does are you ready
white oh this is by the way this is a
Jaguar f-type or um I'll be yo this car
is ridiculous I think this is like a 200
mile-per-hour cars I think ugh we will
not be going to namaz era okay do you
want the wing up or down up putting the
sports dampener wing up all right let's
go
there you go three two one
was that fine Eduardo do it again no I
got a drop you in here now I gotta go
pick me up from school then it's media's
turn was that fun no oh you want another
go
let me collect the media first you go
inside and have your lunch and then
maybe we'll have another go later you
will never go now are you addicted do
you love sports cars yeah do you want
one is this a good family car yeah let's
see if I can even go and do the school
run in the car lads what
guess who's home from school amelia is
and we're gonna go ahead and daddy's car
are you ready all right going home we
are gonna go for a little Drive but you
want me to go really really slowly don't
make it to the I guess lady
flick
baby baby girl ready let's go
no this doesn't have TVs oh do you
is that why you no hatred my tomatoes
flashed I didn't eat my food but I eat
banana
you can write better I'll take the truck
just going to test see with the car
sounds like okay ready
Oh
okay hi for my video I it's also a good
family car look we got all the school
stuff home as well oh that was fun so
Jonathan is heading out to get his
glasses
where are you picking them up are you
big not from respecting yeah that looks
so good look out where do you want to
look like that
now Anna's car is gone this is like
musical chairs like a shiny wheels are
whoa that's pretty amazing it's pretty
cool is it okay we'll get Anna hasn't
been in this is yeah this is my first
time I hate cars like this but with what
oh the car seat that's what it's it
enough look at this okay dandy I really
don't like cars my cousin
I don't like low down cars like little
sports cars because we're in Jonathan
got one it was the TT member oh yeah and
I was pregnant which I am again but I
was more heavily pregnant I think with
Eduardo um I hated it like getting in
and out of it I just hated it alright
folks we got my glasses look I got my
Disney glasses it's amazing cuz I just
put them on when I sitting in the shop
when I was like oh my goodness it is
crazy cuz I was like I didn't even
realize I I couldn't see anything
yeah it's only a tiny Jory's it's like
sharpening it's like when you have like
pulling focus for example this thing is
that a focus right now yeah it's like it
something's out of focus but it's only
like one or two tiny bits out of focus
you know to me
yes it's like and then you just like
buying yeah today I want everyone yeah
everyone on Twitter thanks everyone on
Twitter I was like oh my god actually
seen glasses look really good on you and
stuff like are you sure it's my night
product it's a new day I look like a
proper dad when i text Amelia wait like
hello I should've went to Grandparents
Day my glasses on hello hello Amelia be
honest I have my my my glasses like I
didn't have anyone
do you like daddy's glasses yeah but you
didn't get so that I didn't get
sunglasses well actually I have a
correction for sunglasses is that okay
what that says society look okay what
guises yeah my challengeable let's relax
some teachers like glasses that sounds
really good oh some children do does
that look okay with them is it okay to
your daddy has glasses now yeah no well
I just well I just never talk to you
again wow I could get the laser thing
but I've ever seen that they like take
your eyeball out or something like that
so I think we're okay present only have
concentrate glasses whatever that's
supposed to mean
can we spin around oh I think we I think
we need to go and have our spat and our
shower before mommy comes up here and
then it is dead to us all huh these ones
that they're Hugo Boss ones who I don't
know what you call them right none of
the difference between what you'd
actually call them or what you wouldn't
call them and then the sunglasses are
basically the exactly the same as these
except there's some glassy ones huh but
it's funny because I'm walking and I sit
when I'm like I'm looking at things I'm
like no way no way I always thought that
was normal to be blurry
I didn't realize do you suppose they're
like oh I thought I tell everyone else
all things like blurry I'm like oh yeah
ah alright that's the end of this now
come here mister that is that is a
surefire way to ruin your eyes let's go
oh just turn off let's go first one to
the bat wins a shower so I've just
discovered jelly beans are good for when
you're feeling sick my I really miss
having sweet stuff I don't want them
anymore I'm so where I get to like
dinner time I'm just like full after
dinner no I miss I miss having something
sweet so I've discovered that jelly
beans you can eat and they don't make
feel sick until you eat like why a whole
bathroom thing which happened before
then I'm a problem too
I know I said I was going to say about
the calendars today and everything but
we didn't get a chance to get the shop
sorted so these are the calendars and
this you can't see it with this is the
extra thing so you got the calendars and
then this is the extra special super
surprising which is you got that hmm
anyway hopefully we're going to get it
up I'm planning to try and get it live
by Sunday so tomorrow hopefully a record
thing and you guys can see it the
calendar plus hitter thing it's very
excited which is something even more
exciting don't look in there okay look
around order I said whenever ordered
fiendish 22 boobs
next level boobs like what I think
Waitrose version so we try to have an S
now we're gonna try to wait for we need
to get Morrison's one Sainsbury's ones
get a full round it mmm-hmm feeling real
a bit
you wouldn't even like them you wouldn't
like them not what
exactly mm-hmm
right my friends oh it was a copy play
for one or is it my friends or to my
friends see you tomorrow
they fight in the fair
you
