go any friends good morning friends
where i daddy playground
cuz it's super idea more look at me
let's pyjamas like they have a little
make use on them are minis no then my
feet you join your feet right foot hey
cool mirror so comer mommy and daddy are
going looking at a house today which
might be our new house oh oh you'll be
in school the after school see if we if
we buy it you can come to us
alright - oh yeah what we go get dressed
now
daddy what are you a uniform today yeah
yeah do you want to wear the dress today
we're too close
way too close
I need it you needed a master
good morning doggie friends come back
Percy dodgy hair dodgy makeup I did it
at like 5:00 in the morning saturation
in the dark my god it is
Oh God looks so real but looks so real
good amount right now well I gotta get
the remote control oh my goodness
our kids are gold I'm Ricky no no I said
turn it on I'll be wishes oh goodness
we're gonna scare everybody oh that
thing just looks like one of those
Christmas things yeah it's a wreath oh
yeah we be back ooh that little friend
that's the thing I'm most excited about
Oh a box neat yep it don't know what
that means so whatever it's telling us
not to do like what's all this stuff to
cover their Halloween party I know what
the hell is that I'm sorry that one was
75 pounds not that one what the hell is
this the sumela is a giant you just be
really careful because it's real and it
was 75 pounds acupoint a gingerbread
house yeah you thinking what is it so
many cops
oh do not drop it like seriously I will
cry oh my god this is like the team we
made it's always party exact like it
smells it don't yeah you can actually
eat it in the month know what'll make
that smell nice but no I won't open it
yet get mad
alright just put lads bit mad that's why
it's in German Oh mix Marvin this will
open up in my gingerbread house is gasps
max Pizza you all right Emilia where are
we going - to get your eyes tested hey
look what's out there
wait where's my car gun it wasn't what's
happened here we are going to get in I
test for Emilia and myself done but you
have to go first designed I'm scared
are you scared it'll be okay he let my
top oh I do you're like your topping
your legs okay spectators spectators got
in touch and they wanted me to tell you
guys all about getting your eyes tested
it is estimated that 14 million British
people are not having their eyes tested
as recommended oh well now we're gonna
run out oh my hope
do you remember where we're going are we
going again get her eyes tested haha
here we go are we ready are we ready to
get our eyes tested you're not ready
it's not gonna be scary it's not gonna
be scary
trust me trust me won't be scary hi okay
no hole and you seen it so how can I
tell what you see what do you see you
see you see anything suspicious there we
go it's really good Amelia do you see
what do you see a road once once on the
road nothing no right well we did the
first few tests okay so that one is when
they they fired a light and they took a
picture of the back of my eye
and then this one is it's still there
hey you must be Amelia just right at
this beginning nice big wide eyes open
up open big wide and now I'm gonna have
a look inside your eyes I'm going to
hold this lens in front can you look
right inside my ear for me you make sure
it's nice and clean so you come right in
the middle for me for words a tiny tiny
bit big place a good girl and now look
right in my ear it's really bright this
one well done well done good girl that's
it that's it that's it
now I'm going to bring these down for
you you have a little look through here
for me so you come right up all I'm
going to get you to do is look at some
little colors so you know what it
sounded me good girl can you do the last
one in there well the good news is
perfect vision she doesn't need any
glasses at all right now it is my turn
to get my
Wow I'm wondering Emilia has daddy's
eyes broken from the amount of videos he
edits do you think so too much
PlayStation too much TV what do you
think do you think that these eyes will
make bets now what do you think are
daddy's eyes broken and this is your
optic nerve straight in from your brain
well so if there's a problem with that
we can detect brain tumors MSU Kramer
says somebody with a brain tumor
wouldn't have a clue come and have their
eyes test and we're able to get that's
amazing
yeah it's rays tested Lance well in some
respects avers and - I think numbers at
the top play around the river on the
green again a red this is really vibrant
instructor so these spots yeah but
everyone Oh get out of there yeah -
thank you - you I can see him in there
yeah oh my goodness what are you two
alright well today this more than
anything always gonna be trying on
glasses eyes we think of these ones I
think these are cool kind of I think is
a black frame my goodness I'm gonna this
is gonna be meeting now on you guys to
suit me you didn't get glasses what
times that the daddy does my illness a
hundred years
this is Kent and the sister Abby didn't
make it on Oh Abby I think we want to
see you might have second your brother
what's up with that
hey come on let's go whoo careful I
certainly did not think you know and I
think that's probably like last week was
National Eye Health week and it's really
and then your credit promote we were
supposed to be there last week but
unfortunately unable to make it in
Specsavers I don't have any symptoms you
don't mean I don't feel like I get
headaches or I get tired or anything in
my eyes and doing that exam finding out
that I'm one of my eyes is that just a
tiny tiny little bit I'm like okay so I
order two glasses I'm gonna pick them up
tomorrow and I'm gonna I'm gonna call
concentrate glasses to only run a
concentrate but I'm gonna try them and
see did I make a difference because
right now I feel like it's not gonna
make a difference because I don't feel
like there's anything different but
maybe there is and it's like whoa how
many people are walking around how many
you guys don't even realize that you
might actually need glasses that's just
crazy isn't it that's blowing my mind
she of course is perfect perfection over
there anyway let's go home and tell
mommy - good news daddy's getting
glasses this guy's great fun just don't
make sure not to bring anything with you
okay we'll make a pitch what no that's
not your when your ones in your room
mister come on let's go into your room
into your one oh okay does this remind
you of the Instagram poop hmm what do
you go with that one what are you doing
what are you doing wait do not throw
that oh my goodness no I mean isn't bad
boy come back here right now
right yeah and don't be put off by the
fact that millions crying yeah Melia is
crying maybe in her bed she might be
being naughty and then mommy is saying
no no no no no Papa eating sugar telling
lies no papa
you do have lots of trains okay let's
pick a book good night Eduardo a while
oh cool is that house huh it's so cool
I can has already put up a few little
things she's already decorated for
Halloween ads and the giant gingerbread
house all right let's get some tea ready
huh hey what's that is that the Saucony
Jolie 2017 calendar just sitting right
here oh my goodness
that's so cool
would you guys like one of these 2017
security choice calendars they're not a
ring band by the way these are just a
sample ones that I got sent there and I
have the other thing but you know what
let's leave that till tomorrow let's
let's do that till tomorrow shall we
I saw lots of guesses about what the
other thing is that we're doing um I
don't think I've reread anyone actually
saying what it is yet they could have
said it is a lot of conversations going
on but um yeah this is the calendar I'm
so excited to show you guys but we'll
wait till tomorrow let's do that let's
uh let's play the patient game huh so
exciting tomorrow
okay get excited get excited okay
you want one one picture tell me lunch
what March Oh dad look at what you
picked
are you ready for this this is going to
be March 2017 Oh
