good morning friends and hello it's a
queen outside wait guys guys is daddy
playground just opened steady playground
opens so meanie I rang the she's not
wearing her you watch it it's kind of
like a uniform it's like you don't have
to wear the actual pinafore skirt - no
every single day breakfast Queen Elsa no
she like avocado she like avocado or
avocado it would Kaito
oh wait wait oh it's water like her eyes
or porridge porridge
these are snails now did you get snails
in your marriage Oh raisins is it hot
if the blow on it hello mister I love
your jeans we don't greet things do you
what about these ones that daddy got you
they look so cool little thing you know
the back of them
you look like you're a new kids on the
block or something oh really no not here
like ease it's all just Nikes Mickey's
so cool let's go here you can help me
come here oh okay pull that off me dig
up all this came from petrol I mean
diesel do you guys know I love the job
jeans well I haven't watch out jeans in
a while and I was I think I need to
re-up on my job - in situation do you
know what I don't have in job jeans I
why no why no wonder we're dead
death has come for us word oh that is
complete
yeah I know it's mommy's flower and
daddy knocked it over
okay say nothing to nobody so if anyone
comes in hey did somebody knock this
over who knocked it over
mmm yeah okay that'll do they're quite
cool aren't they
it's the next pair where's the spider
what where I don't see it spider
anywhere yeah go touch it yeah oh here
that guy yeah that is it daddy longlegs
Lucy's back and we're gonna be punished
because well have you been working out
look I'm wearing this jumper I fancy I
got this rip some meat up for some day
or two here walks in America it's cool
though but it's like ginormous on me
when they glue see a pub I've been
training's I know cheese or chocolate
that's improv eatin evolved I am heading
to get a massage pregnancy massage which
I'm so excited about because I haven't
had one yet this pregnancy and I never
had them with Amelia because we were
poor and I couldn't afford it then with
it why do I had them once a month and
they were a lifesaver like I just can't
explain I should have actually done it
with Amenia and you know even just once
every trimester not every trimester but
once every month or two months or three
months or something I thought yes three
months is a trimester so hold on I tell
you like it is worth the money because
it makes you feel like not pregnant
for once which is a nice feeling to have
when when you aren't pregnant until that
make sense
definitely encourage and support it like
I think that if you are pregnant and
you're tired and you've got all those
aches and pains and even if you don't
you don't even realize how tiring it is
until you go in and like fully relax so
I'm getting waxed first so that's gonna
be the painful not so nice bit so I'm
not looking forward to that bit but then
the relaxing bit comes after so that's
cool so one child to trial three that's
me
yes they do oh we're but one kind of a
great today mate yeah you got boots on
what oh no I got some stuff on them I
think it's called fashion Amelia oh my
goodness
surely even should I even go into detail
about the hair what large my Lamborghini
is gonna get cold
oh that's good news now my Lamborghini
no it's ok you don't need them we have a
new plan we have a new plan of attack
all right for the last few nights
Eduardo has been waking up he goes to
bed fine but he just wakes up every
night and wants to come into our bed and
it's like a constant battle that we are
losing
I ordered the CVB's sing-along
Teddy thing which I have upstairs he
hasn't got it yet which I'm hoping that
will help him because it's supposed to
be musical and to the stars himself and
then the other thing is that I'm worried
that he's afraid of the dark so I've
ordered when in a grow clock you
listening to what I'm saying I ordered
one of those grow clocks that Amelia has
you know the blue and the orange thing
because that kind of radiates a lot of
light it's becoming a bit of a situation
with him every night excuse me which one
have you opened the gate which one of
you opened the gate
just finished my massage I look like a
wreck but I thought like a facial and
everything on the god I was so amazing
I feel so much better now even though I
look like a weirdo cuz I still not gonna
scare her on put a little vinegar than
me why I was gonna say I smell amazing
I do smell anything I feel amazing so
much more relaxed this is my bed and
these are little candles this isn't the
room I'm usually and I'm usually in the
one next door so this looks like the
complete opposite of three one more
million but anyway so all done and our
way to go to paint see you as much in
Paris oh wow that was cool
I have to go underneath there that's
trying to find a clutch - all right
thanks that's your clock weirdo down
yeah now water was a big boy clock like
in media come on let's go go go
o'clock I recommend these if you have
children Amelia has one and the great
because it goes blue at nighttime III
and then what time do you order all
colors that when you get out of bed Oh
orange for outer bags when the Sun comes
up okay so amelia is going to mind the
receipt and it wire is gonna hold the
clock so we have even jobs thank you all
right oh is that cool yeah I hope this
works
whoa
oh wow wow wow
fold up hey come eat that was
thank you
I can reach it what does help makes it
we're proud of this little man is it's
lunchtime
it's TV time
it's iPad time
that fine
hello doggies Eduardo okay are we doing
an income status eating some my favorite
thing in the world and lovely okay now
right now I have a couple of things for
you okay I have some things for you I
can't see what okay why no first of all
come here what do you think it is
tell me yeah it's all of the trains I
ordered them for you because I saw do
you like Thomas the Tank Engine and
sometimes there's only Amelia's toys
downstairs isn't there uh-huh
but that's not all it right oh let me go
get dinner toy oh okay now I know it
wardo sometimes at night time you get
scared your bed
Roberto look what I got you he's gonna
sleep in your bed with you he's gonna
help you sleep I don't know
please please help me I'm hoping this is
gonna work so let's see these sweet
dreams with squidgy let's get squidgy
one do you love it
so Eduardo how to set trains no he's not
sharing trace but he probably will cuz
he's a good boy
good good boys and girls share her toys
so Eduardo do you like this yeah and
this and your life do you think you'll
stay in your bed at night time do you
think you'll stay in your bed
how do you do you think do you feel like
you might stay in your back I think you
press the Stars it's time to say good
night
alright we open the trains you're a good
girl I really okay this is girl I can
has never come here before man lucky
you're over there thing what's gonna be
rough alright we may we may have made a
terrible mistake
it's the restaurant really really rowdy
like oh no we've made a terrible mistake
I didn't know you get into that way
actually
nice deep nice don't get her fresh
they're free going you know let's get
you this haunted narrow great way here
we went to giggling switch it was
amazing it was amazing what a good
burning that skewers that
that's magic box there was a lot of I
guess sticky rice in it like how much is
left for life I I kind of like I go when
I eat as much as there's rice there
that's my ass we can mix them together
make a whole nother meal no you're
breaking my room love this is where
babies are made this is where you were
made future children yeah we had a
lovely did you enjoy your date night
sorry just by going on yeah it was so
good
giggling squared by the way I think it's
everywhere I think franchise so good
i giggle doesn't hate my squid and you
know it's perfect for me right now
because I don't ever really have dessert
anymore yeah I get full so easy and
those kind of like Thai places and like
more kind of Asian style foods they're
not big on dessert no no no you never
think you know you never think that when
you go to like the tide faces I'm not
you never think I'll get dessert exactly
you think it's gonna be like sorbet or
something that's like an Italian words
all pavlova and chocolate cakes and
anyway leave comments why's your perfect
dessert why tell me what isn't
that's not even Russian Baba goodbye
friends I'll see you tomorrow
we're gonna look at a house tomorrow so
we're gonna do a drive-by now
I was gonna do an Adrian bliss like an
Adrian bliss
no pet dog this brush the world naked
planet please just Hornet I stampy on my
bonsai myself
