good Monday morning Wireless playin
hide-and-seek
it's 7:00 a.m. on Monday morning let's
go to school don't be a fool make sure
not to drool on the man you're sittin on
your stool me did you sit on a stool my
entire song rests on the fact that you
said on the stool even though I know she
sits in a chair are we playing hide and
seek defriend guardo you'll never figure
out that he's under the bed new media
can you yeah you're not gonna be able to
find him you're not gonna be able to
find him hmm how did you know he was
there I'm so good
you are are you good at tag do you play
tag in school yeah someone has to be the
tag classic that has to tag us tags you
tag weirdo no no I meant you you won
guys when I went
make sure to close the gate behind you
yeah let's get the donkeys guys what is
it Robin we're missing somebody
newbies come on why don't we take it for
breakfast on a Monday morning guys are
we thinking of having frogs legs daddy
longlegs
I'll see if I have any daddy longlegs
guys I'm so proud of myself I figured
out a way a different way to watch the
school basically at the party the
birthday party that we were at last over
the weekend I explained where I usually
Park and how a park like ready for
school and all this stuff and they told
me about this like little like back way
of walking where it which is like super
private and really nice and it's not on
the road and I figured it out today I
was really proud of myself it was like
why are we going this way I was like
this is so much nicer it's like just
very like not seclude at that sense five
not in a bad way like everybody uses it
but like it's there um just off the road
because that's how I don't like about
the cars and everything and having to
hold her hand all the time so really
happy could we figure that out really
proud of myself and yeah gonna head home
now and have some breakfast and I feel
like she got bit of a workout in because
I did such a long walk all right we're
in the car with the kids look at our guy
all right the children in the back no no
oh no it's snapchat you guys you're have
to be up to sing like Eduardo
you have to kick your legs I've no
product in my hair either so no judge
endings no judging my GJ I just got it a
douche error yeah exactly what yo just
give it some volume
it looks better off camera that's not
good angle what is not high alright we
played the parking game I'm gonna spot
it's like car to each other so our new
choice it is you know you couldn't got a
theater side
I guess we got lemon tarts and I
finished where's vivianne finished hers
maybe two of them oh my so half of my
consciousness body consciousness but is
a bit too spicy tangy yes jor-el's ice
cream tangled no there's something I am
now going to get my nails done and I'm
actually late yeah I'm not late I'm not
gonna be late but it was kind of a quick
change because I just got out of that
car and came into this car anyway and I
really need to go to the loo really good
blue but I can't skip I don't have time
I'm gonna get going now I don't know
what colors do I'm thinking red like
true red not this red this red is like
dark red so I don't know what's an
autumn a color red or no we'll see
you want to wake you up time oh can you
get in here
Let Me In baby in now happy here you
gotta be enough room for daddy in here
okay you come to my bed every night no
no you come to my bed every night so I
think it's only fair that I comes in
your bed okay that's a deal
you got the meal deal can I can I have a
meal deal
there's no meal deal I need a meal deal
oh can I have a large meal deal it's
mommy leave Oh getting my nails done I
went for chimney sweep which is a really
nice gray listen to me all right
I don't know the difference but we were
looking at this house hi and the house
has a swimming pool in the back of it in
the back garden which I was like awesome
but then it said it was that a saltwater
it specified it as saltwater swimming
pool and I was like why won't you put
salt water in the swimming pool okay I'm
in water drop this drain so I was
thinking maybe they put salt water on
because it's more hygienic or maybe it's
something to do with day cleaning off
the pool I don't know
and then I don't was like nuts for
buoyancy you know and I was like really
and then randomly enough we were
watching the pinna put up we're watching
stranger things and they put salt water
in the pool to make the girl float and I
was like and she was like ah and I was
like maybe that's right so why would you
put salt water in your garden pool is
that a thing I don't know I'm like I
sound like to me I would like I'd rather
have chlorine and have the pool like
heated with chlorine and clean and
disinfected stuff you want to climb up
on your shelf Oh anyway I gotta go put
some socks and change a peepees oh yeah
leave me comments if you know the answer
why should we put salt water in the pool
if we get the heads of the pool
Eduardo should we get the hesita to
people yeah imagine a swimming pool in
our own house even though it rains a lot
here in England called nappy boy we're
going off to a play date night right
Melia very excited
one day daddy brought you didn't he but
today it's all about money we've been
invited you did it you bet ya did she oh
no a different one
alright alright lads
Calendar has been sent it has been
designed and done and it has been sent
I'm looking for last year's comic cuz I
had it here this is last year's calendar
and it's dark because I've been working
on this but this is last year's calendar
he can't she didn't know we made that we
made a calendars last year I made the
last two years though this one and this
one and there was that one this year
when we made these calendars I have like
a lot of input into them like I can't
with the ideas and stuff enough but I
didn't put this year's one I have put
like I have just I said like I wanted to
like own the whole project I wanted to
design every single element of it you
know what I mean I wanted to create a
direction of how we were gonna take the
photograph that's why like I was like no
this photographer in these kind of
pictures and the cover and everything I
thought like I just trying to make it
real / I just figured if I did it like a
hundred percent then it would feel more
personal for you guys rather than like
somebody else kind of designed the cover
of these and then this SJ logo thing in
the back and over tinted don't do it I'd
love to show you it right now but I
shouldn't the calendars are going on
sale very shortly along wit along with
the special thing we're doing this year
we're not just doing the calendars this
year
it's just it's another thing to go with
the calendars if you want to have it you
can have it but I think it's really
really cool and individual and unique Oh
open the next week or two maybe we could
get some pre-orders or something coming
up like I did all work something out but
look forward to that it's an amazing
calendar I think I you know what I'm
gonna buy one
oh no yet you get on that this year guys
the Elf on the Shelf
is coming to our house never been here
before
that is never known about the elf in the
Shelf before but they do it in school
what if he's Gary so how does it work
every morning you wake up you go
downstairs to the kitchen and the elf is
hiding someone in the kitchen
what I think he hides at nighttime is he
exciting the el fin de chelly I do it
right let me see if I can find your
pajamas guys okay so I may have actually
terrified the children I was explaining
to him as the elf and the Shelf thing I
mean it was like sitting on a matching
me she was like Daddy I don't one do mom
sounds like no it's okay he's she's
gonna come into the house for December
and he's just gonna like watch you and
make sure you're good like I don't watch
me like when they watch me I'm asleep
that's like oh no that's made a terrible
mistake this Elvis terrifying Saint
happened last year as you guys remember
that when I mean you got terrified of
Santa Claus I cheered you up I made her
feel bad about it because I dressed up
like the elf what you want me to show
you the elf
hello I'm the elf on the shelf
Oh am i oh mmm I'm not afraid nope don't
be afraid of me
I'm here to make all your Christmas
wishes come true
so I'll tell you what I'll make a deal
with you if you're a good boy sing girls
for Christmas time I'll give you
everything I'll give and give moment
that someone said it can get some time
to make more brothers and sisters for
you so be good boys and girl for
Christmas time I'll be day up on the
Shelf oh yeah it was weird she can see
an elf are you guys afraid of the Elf on
the Shelf you want him to come back
you what
alright guys are you ready to melt Oh
hold on also try and find the Alpha
Michelle
