I'll go okay first I'd like to point out
possibly the worst parking job in the
world good morning friends we are in a
bit of a busy morning myself to meet our
dough this morning and let's go to a
party with Amelia
we have via presence for that party I'm
gonna see like me this little amount of
pair of shoes collect some other stuff
do order things all before mommy goes to
the party can we do it right oh no we
can't hope we can all right we're gonna
be in trouble
we're gonna be in trouble since they're
all righty let's try this so I think you
just stick it all foot in here Oh what
are your five we don't need to check one
of them your a5r know the media is an 8
you're a five yeah let's see if you can
find a pair of shoes now to fit you
spider-man
oh my goodness these are so cool looking
weird oh look mommy's gonna be happy
with them so cool huh so we came for one
pair just like me yeah that one and
we've ended up I would like them so they
came to get something cool like this but
then I was like you probably need some a
pair of trainers very nice but now he
wants he slippers as well why you can't
help yourself can you
that is a slipper that's an unannounced
you don't like Thomas slippers oh yeah
let's get to Thomas slipper so we got
everything we needed
plus it wired Oh somehow ended up with a
little Thomas the Tank Engine huh
and mister what are you doing I'm in the
middle enrolled here and you're just
like chillin look tick that's a
Testarossa yeah what kickstand it's okay
it's just blah it's just fluff oh my
goodness come on dude you and Percy
oh my goodness you like the shoes I mean
you know I got Eduardo shoes like your
ones button below get measured yeah yeah
yeah great yeah he's a six
she's now first I measured how it was a
five and then the girl came over
measured and it was like she turned out
to be a stick and Eduardo was the Tank
Engine slippers yeah they are big so
cool and is it with his outfit we got
wrapping paper and a card yeah yeah
Qaeda Oh so meat is going to a superhero
party but it's superhero and princesses
it's not what princesses I've become
superheroes or princesses I can't carry
all of you thank you for those new shoes
any cool you want to carry me you want
to carry you daddy
what cool like a fool tell me your name
for the record
media and advisor
clemmy's house are you going to a
birthday party today
you're the Emma's house we're out of
grown-up
Wow are you the oldest I am surprised
guys guys are you excited for your new
little sister to come are you gonna be
nice to your new little sister being in
a V do you love her
did she lick you all up so I can just
lie down and have a little rest and no
one's gonna flake 3 yeah oh yeah - all
everything that's that's right yeah on
my own nicely yeah but now you're 4 so I
that was a funny face hmm so we are back
we are back from the party we had a fun
time as you can probably tell she fell
asleep on the way back home yeah right
Missy and she just had a full-on
conversation with me there just as she
woke up always the best time anyway
let's go inside and say hi to Daddy and
Eduardo get your party back in your
masks PJ masks the pizza night
yeah renod let's go my cart sat-nav like
divert to me all the way to like some
other place took me on some like country
back road and then like turns out there
was a diversion on that road so then I
ended up coming Europe the other end of
where I was and my car's filthy healthy
and look at your green bum show
everybody your bum show everyone your
cook she's got a green bum because she
was scooting down um so I'm kind of on
my feet here Dan the grass you can see
it in the mirror company but you're all
green right let's go
having a pee it's a party Saturday night
you're invited don't get a fright when
the turnip at your house with a tasty
pizza and I'm asking you for some
ketchup enjoy I don't know where the
song was going to go the gang well hello
there little friends huh
don't forget your rocket the Rock has
come separate yeah look
good thing it's a lien rocket yeah
that's for preggos that's for you and
the baby that's for me and that's with
it or two kids this is for you here
hello Queen are duardo are duardo if you
have magical powers
Eduardo yeah what's your name Queen Elsa
and the Rapunzel crown yeah are you some
sort of a mash-up wait so Queen Elsa
wearing a Rapunzel crown playing with a
Thomas the Tank Engine Wow did you buy
that today yeah but your hard earned
money you did buy that today remember
wow do you want a pizza Queen Elsa yeah
well that's so everyone because people
like to see the food so and I got this a
child one which comes in with sugar
that's mommy's one okay hold on I'll get
yours now
daddy's one is this one here which has
no cheese on it with lots of pineapple
chicken pepperoni ham on Italian crust
with no cheese and barbecue sauce that's
what I have on my pizza types and then
mommy's oh no wait this isn't mommy's
meet the Eduardo's got a Margherita
which I just take my finger and it's
burning
okay all right show me media Oh No do it
again do it again show me no it's not
working now what what it sticks to the
wall well let's have our pizza what do
you think all right get some Matt sees
Matt sees aerials and Dory's is that
gonna work
can you well that looks amazing now with
all this on it alright you may have seen
on the Twittersphere surprise me
you know it's fair um yesterday you know
follow me on twitter at jonathan chole
you're missing out lads but am i had
such a crazy for her and iced fun and
M&S specifically iced fruit first call
fruit and spiced bun i tweeted a picture
of like a ten year old picture of you
and her at some point
but we just put the kids to bed we were
looking out we were just talking about
it because we're both craving a nice bun
now and we realized M&S is still open
for another hour we're going to go and
see if we can get a spiced bye
alright there's an M and s down here
somewhere let's hope it's still open I
got some iced bun cravings
okay here we are hearing or at school at
school hey cool okay cool Oh doesn't
look good motivation is it open
it's open heads
I see the nollans tikis
oh no he left other things I don't see
the gold
reason we came here
three situation
see lots other things now well look you
can actually got Welsh cakes here
she told me HAP you know they're like
these little buns they're like icing on
the top like fruit and spice they're
called
yeah yeah like patterns what is that it
yeah that's it yeah like these ones I
bet that is that is yeah that's it
that's it cool thanks yeah I used to I
spun that's the ones oh my goodness guys
actually got the girl Libby I keep
pounding them in the end look nice spice
ones different packaging to the Irish
one but I am very excited there's only
three packs left so I bought all three
pack sir oh my goodness I'm returning
home the champion a winner you did it
like I we didn't want to come home and
fail I can't believe that was so good I
loved her level that's what do you check
that out for M&S top huh
she didn't give up she just got like
what's this crazy guy going on about she
helped me search the whole shop almost
we prevailed we found them let's go home
make a big cup of tea and eat all those
cakes
tea is being made yeah the different
packaging go through winning Ireland I'm
so excited though yeah look where else
you gonna do everyone's been talking
about is forever and we haven't done it
yet but we're gonna crack open this at
this bad boy here stranger things
everyone's always talking about it to us
like you know what I also want to check
out season 2 of narcos because that was
amazing
oh my goodness did I do that - identity
what anyway
yeah let's get your friends let's get
her hey didn't bring me a pack oh all
right I'll see you guys tomorrow friends
thanks for watching
thanks for being good friends thankful
even comments and hit the like button
and subscribe anyway - bye friends I'm
gonna board my craft on these
