Wow look good my friends to Friday
morning in Cyprus a breakfast because PE
today would stay what I know you're just
chilling in a separation separation yeah
what do we want for exercise as soon as
you woke up would you want for breakfast
mr. so we're gonna need to daddy
longlegs yeah do you want them tried
yeah
fried you want some like cheese or
avocado look this is gonna be like
coconut Rita my little I need really
they're gonna defeat your eyes you ruin
your future he's ruining the future I'm
gonna be in 50 - you gotta be in the
future
oh so this morning we've got a mixture
of chocolate O's and bear paws
oh and Eduardo now uses a big boy Cup
never babies huh not the baby cub oh the
baby's gonna be the new baby
why does a big boy now yeah well we
drink in mommy's milk remember he's a
bottle I know nothing about Oh from
mommy
remember when used to drink mommy's milk
with this slide you know why you find
your mommy's boobies
ABCD efg hijk LMNOP qrs tuv don't you
like yxc now I know my ABC's next time
won't you sing with me
just drop Julia off it's getting colder
I'm gonna have to get like them hats and
scarves and gloves and all kinds of
stuff like that cuz it's getting really
cold um and she was like my face is cold
poor thing
I'm gonna go home and have some coffee
now and some breakfast
also my skin so I forgot to say this but
my skin you can Freddie tell is broken
out all over again like get it all
improved after I swapped over to the
second trimester everything was going
fine for a couple of weeks and now after
I got a facial done a couple of days ago
and ever since then it seems like it's
just broken out again so I don't know is
it like the skin like resurfacing itself
whatever they say is but it's so
annoying like so irritating like I hate
it I hate having bad skin it just
stresses me out so much which is worse
because then if you get more stressed
out than the more stressed out you are
out you are at the worse your skin gets
I feel like anyway so yeah hanging my
skin right now friends I have some very
exciting news to share with you okay are
you ready
I got balls I got balls
they're so supplying and the night will
be bright oh my goodness I finally got
some bulbs and I'm gonna put some lights
in now let's not go crazy and build and
his shoe shelf alright calm down
that's debts whoa we don't need you too
much Mike no
I don't even know neither on or not good
night they aren't so I had every
intention this morning of doing a
workout I'm just can't do it I just
can't I dressed in all workout clothes
so I feel like one of those moms that
like doesn't actually not mom's just
people but like I say mom because I
showed up to school looking like this
they were like wow
she probably wears out matches me I
don't I'm just a liar oh those are so
comfy well yeah that's true I mean I did
walk from my car to the school I'm black
again but technically counts but
seriously have just been really
unmotivated like last pregnancy the one
that didn't work out I was working out
like the same like I mean not overdoing
or anything are still being safe but I
just like I didn't feel I think it's
because my symptoms weren't as strong as
they are this time around yeah you are
real um yeah they were just like not as
intense as this time
Jonathan's fixing all the lights for me
which is amazing I can't tell you how
amazing I know that like it doesn't seem
that good now because it's like we're
always like do the kids we're all right
yeah I have to switch on the main lights
in there the main lights in there and
then like put the cream on the kids here
I'm like you literally can't see what
you're doing but anyway so I'm gonna
take off my workout clothes now and mate
put on a real outfit haha I do
okay what's the rule so what do you what
do you not let do don't pee in Daddy's
car yeah good boy so Eduardo has started
Twitter training and he is not wearing a
nappy he's just wearing underpants
yeah the rule is don't get George wet
that's what we're gonna try and achieve
I know we need to go get Amelia to put
her in her seat yeah yeah let's do it
come on hurry up we're gonna be late
that won't be great and whatever you do
do not pee in Daddy's car yeah I don't
know
don't be got that today yeah did you oh
well that's nice all right hat no we're
gonna get the seat and we gotta go pick
up a media monkey man all right
it's a couple of hours later it's a
whole bunch of hours later because the
last we left you off when we were going
to collect Amelia from school but we
decided life as a funding what are we
gonna do right now media you know what
are we doing right now do you remember
what we're doing right now wired out do
you know what we're doing right now
flower power silk attack Oh shark attack
me yeah well all right who would like to
hear the baby
yeah you want to hear the baby so the
kids haven't actually heard the baby
because we've never made just work and I
was just thinking like we haven't done
this in a while but the baby seems so
active and stuff I thought maybe this
will work and maybe kids
maybe we'll get a reaction for the kids
first time hearing the actual baby are
you actually just trying to put your ear
on the baby I can't be but like she put
100 here
you taking the baby out you all right
hello baby oh baby is there a baby in
there so I'm the OB okay so Melia I need
you to put some of this on your mommy's
tummy so squeeze some of that in give it
a squash oh not in the belly is your
hint of Eddie hey look give it a squeeze
good girl
can you go over okay okay okay it's
heated where I go buh buh no no that's
enough that's enough that's enough all
right so we're gonna take this and we're
just gonna rope with this around here
Jonathan it's really cold
okay now we're gonna turn it on to
listen for the baby guys better than
your opportunity to listen Oh
do you resent difficult we're gonna
pasta TV I'm sorry you're thinking up
still doesn't work
it still kind figure it out
it's play like I know the babies in
there and it's perfectly fine and
healthy jumping around but this is why
you probably shouldn't buy dopplers is
why you probably say don't bite openers
for this exact reason that you just go
like where's the baby did you find a
baby or know what to hit the baby oh why
don't you check Amelia's baby okay show
what oh you check it Eduardo's baby oh
you have to light em said mommy is
that's where the babies go okay dr.
Eduardo you need to check Amelia's baby
thank you dr. Ninoy okay why don't come
on around okay
my chair to cushion is four is that how
you check your baby is it like you're
kind of suffocating huh
how's the baby Eduardo is it good what
do you need to check in me this blood
pressure
what okay okay checking me this blood
pressure now is it okay okay
why it's good ah all right guys let's go
to bed
I had this cruel vision now we're gonna
have this big moment where the children
were going to hear the baby for the
first time and it was gonna be wonderful
I failed to bring that to you could I
have the nail scissors please pistons
and nails
oh no mad guys unit your nails cut off
why don't you want your fingers cut off
this is so what we're doing here okay he
loves it he has any sort of things I
mention listen
no Jeremy like it any sort of thing okay
no he gets the ASN worries but he's
getting a little is a more buzz now oh
all right this one on the other hand is
just a monkey man all right Jacob let's
say goodbye to our friends goodbye
friends see you tomorrow
watch out for Amelia stinky foot it's
very stinky and it's very foot like I
gotta say good night nicely good night
no one can do it great babes you take
your baby don't pick your nose oh my
goodness why does think about your
friends all right goodbye friends
see you tomorrow
yeah
morning tea
take the street
