good morning friends I just dropped a
media off at school and she had a she
was they were doing a Plato disco which
looked like amazing fun
I started dropping her off earlier now
because we have the option to do like an
earlier drop off which I never did
before but we were always got there way
too early anyway so I decided to do it
today it's also bin day today's that so
I'm taking my time and I'm waiting
because there's like tons of traffic and
a bin ban and all that comes in truck I
was gone
it's right behind me great hello wardo
he is my son he's my son oh okay oh I
said a button did you see any daddy
longlegs
yeah daddy skinny legs and mummy
longlegs yeah no now aha mommy oh
they're doing to her mommy did they go
back outside doing no yeah yeah no yeah
are you best friends with a daddy
longlegs yeah do you do you know that
there's one on your ear
no okay don't pull any back a mosquito
yeah if it you inator didn't it in
Sorrento yeah that was nice was it
alright well mommy and daddy are going
to go and see your sister your little
new sister Oh baby
yeah we're going to go check on the baby
when we bring the baby home today yeah
no yeah we leave inside mommy's tummy
for a little bit longer yeah yeah just
for a little bit longer yeah okay it's
probably a blast that's a donkey brush
mm-hmm
see you later mister oh and for all the
seven billion comments we always get no
we never leave the children on their own
silly punts
nice
we are here in true bond and you excited
see the baby again
Eduardo said he just need you know you
don't stay at home today
oh yeah a starter we bring the baby home
today he said no it's okay so we can
keep it we can keep it in there for a
little longer
let's get the hot wait Georgia with all
the hot wait it's nice on best sound of
world yeah and you've got the baby
jumping all over a shot bear sing over
little jumpy baby now we know it's a
girl
I said me sorrow didn't know as a girl
she's doing a bit of hip hop isn't she
here five the gymnast
what's that little thing floating around
oh behind it that's the UM be like
record it doesn't float round is just
because I know that's her that's her
that's a Oh me Oh remember this screen
is only two-dimensional so we're three
dimension so you get different things
appearing to jump out my not really just
a position of them all right we are out
and everything is looking good again
beginning quietly confident it's a
regular little monster yeah bouncy
little girl jumping around
anyway I don't know if I should trust
and she's ordering an uber again isn't
our 650 pounds and today I've already
got over to Narita no but Marina as
Eduardo calls her green onion working
now we got me that's a Bart you gonna do
one syllable names I was trying to teach
me in space Eduardo yeah there again
it's like a war with Mike you can't say
it guardo Eduardo Gordo
yeah what about the new kid it'll be so
fun
there might be a name we have names the
child two weeks ago a week ago and they
go as we were driving home and it just
came to us he said it was like yeah that
sounds like my name her full name so
it's exciting okay
the name is to be an interesting her
hair and makeup I am coming on look at
his thing notice he has that is TRO cool
though are you getting on this on yeah
like nine nine tonight
she got a Stefani Jody's like we should
make saucony television I've acted a
need to make me once not to buy it
they'll be so cool good stickers wrong
like there was like one bit you put in
here and I thought I swear oh hey right
there what is this guy even the idea I
do and I was here before at at Easter
egg hunt on his hand twice before like a
regular this is my first time here is it
your first time here we can we can be
first-timers together it's a nice fish
you are sexy fish there's another
vegetable compact English I was what all
I heard was like this I was like yeah we
did this is a family show here in the
fish restaurant oh yeah oh
next time comments I guess we just came
outside it's actually raining my
goodness wait company is raining though
I know and you raised in London it does
I wish when we get home we'll be lovely
and sunny yes we always a disrepair
always and they need to move out to us
or we need to move into them what do you
think what do you think should we move
to central or should I move out to
wherever we live well we just get like
any two houses become neighbors yeah
yeah that's what good neighbors become a
change the show this year exactly
Ciccone Joanie's and friends heavy
screaming kids but it's our charizard
that again wasn't he only we'll do it in
front of a live studio audience so you
get the laughter track in the clapping
and stuff
hello there Emilia what are you reading
oh my goodness don't read that book that
is the worst book ever made
okay it's not worse book ever made if
you happen to be the author of this book
but seriously I love you forever don't
read this book I will put TV I want to
tell you what happens in this book right
so it starts off and you're like this is
lovely I love you forever okay you've
seen me maybe you've read this book
yourself but then like look and then the
guy gets older and then the mom keeps
getting up the mom come on looking down
with the mom and then I am having
emotional moment here anyway it's very
upsetting
uh-oh hey guys did you have fun today do
you know we saw the baby today yeah it's
not a baby pig in today yeah we saw your
sister or just wait oh no wait a second
actually listen up guys so we went to
the doctor's today and it turns out the
baby is not actually a girl
it's a boy yeah and it's actually a boy
okay it's not it's sorry did you guys
jump on daddy this morning a daddy
playground at half six pyram Chopra me
daddy playground Roza know what teens
are Joker me what you just go check get
your just for one minute okay okay
that's it no we're children
look what right you JS do you guys want
TV I'm
I know you guys it's not funny it's not
funny
no one's amused by this hey guys that's
a naughty word that's a naughty word
it's naughty word okay so we don't say
that we say frankincense frankincense
frankincense thank you
that II say ah frankincense you are a
naughty little boy with all your naughty
words oh my god yeah
what you say it first you saying all
right let's get television on television
Peppa Pig I wish just have a look this
Peppa Pig is available this evening
it's waking up waking up lights is it
was asleep now it's waking up oh you
want that one tomb Raider's let me cover
is touch screen
oh okay what you guys want you don't
since when do you want peppa pig I've
got Dora and friends I've got bread it
has broke breadwinners blaze and the
monster machines all right we are having
lots I look at the pink in the grey so
we are picking the other foot we're
picking on a skin we're picking the
pictures okay no don't nobody look at
her skin right now how's the neck I
don't care how to focus of it no I can
focus
okay so we're picking so I have pigs my
favorite ones oh we got all the pictures
site we got all the pictures back from
the photographer not all of them but the
kind of
taking you is this is a video
presentation to Tricia I can't show you
them because then the surprise is over
friends but am it's funny because I
depict all of her favor once and I
picked on my favorite ones and then we
just went true then we pretty much got
the same pictures let's go
whatever do you think I still believe
this is a mirror best counter yeah yeah
you should get excited for this one it's
our last calendar as a foursome that's
true the 2018 calendar guys is going to
be five since our last calendar is a
foursome and all the two calendars so
far a FINA foursome oh yeah yeah but
it's not Matt donut is it this is gonna
be like exclusives these are like the
ones that you can bring to like pawn
shops and years to come remember that
one winner or a foursome huh okay
princess Eduardo okay come on you make
only me princess Eduardo okay now this
is it we're going to a secret place
so mommy is trying to say that we should
put the human who's mommy
yeah so look hold on oh no mommy wants
to put the heating on ma you guys turned
your heating on yes nice you go in for
an evening on what I'm going to turn the
hot water on turn that on that's my
biggest fan literally my biggest fan
okay Colin is why what'd you get down
here you'll grant me one wish
yes oh it made it should we turn the
heating on or do you think it's still
nice and warm enough is it that's what I
was thinking
that's what I was thinking but mommy's
trying to convince the geranium okay ah
my one wish is that I can have a million
wishes yeah I don't have that thank you
what would you like
per favore I wish that I could have a
blue Queen Elsa crown oh I'll close my
eyes well
it's not there oh oh oh my goodness I
cannot believe it I've gotten a blue
queen of the crown
why don't live like your own race you
log out when race right Oh what are you
gonna wish for it you want a new Queen
Elsa dress okay huh whoa would y know
you have a new Queen Elsa dress why
would you do that for your second life
my second wish that Amelia and Eduardo
went upstairs for a shower time and
didn't complain and didn't cause a fuss
and we're good boys and girls yeah I got
eyes not on my part that touched not on
your fairy list hello morning
now start it go
after sleeping out the flow are going
slipping out the door
before you see my face
