and they're guys cuz the morning plans
it is today
look Annie Oakley today shop oh I was
good morning and welcome to Friday oh my
goodness look what just happens no I
just smashed my iphone screen no no it
smash to pieces guys my iPhone the axe I
have a plugged in come on
look at that what that just happened a
second no service to London Victoria so
we are on our way
I bought my best friend my best friend I
just actually think I am he
nope no no Nicole tonight so I we drove
to the train station in Anna's car I
brought the kids to school on my car
with Adam I got that into four miles so
it was four miles The Bachelor left and
I was like no I'm just gonna bail so he
drove here in Anna's car which is wow
that's nice nice today I am I feel like
the house that we saw I feel like it's
the one guys have a good feeling about
it and I think I contacted some man some
like architects and stuff because I want
to see this kind of possible property
see what we can do with it but I think
today I might make an offer on that
house
very exciting and you know I think it's
so ironic that everyone that we spoken
to who haven't even some you guys even
comments had said like when you're
looking at houses if they arrive you
know it's like we looked at those houses
and we can he gave up and and this team
just appeared or or like all someone
said this has are always so funny it's
always that last kind of red wine like
we'd looked at everything we were kind
of like we're giving up and then though
this thing just came up that was like a
sailor and fallen true and it was just
available and it was just like watching
so we got good vibes Dean and I was
talking about that last night you guys
look this car is me the Ferrari
California is here again I feel like
it's tempting me wait could you see that
was here last week yeah yeah I'm telling
you I won't win it
that's one off my birthday so I'm for
birthday there is four seats like
they're joke see well two adults and two
small children
he threw my
and it all worked out in the end
what happened friends it happens
unnaturally at the kitchen where I
belong oh look what's inside there
forgive that situation her friends and I
won't falafel so good so good this place
I need one of these in our town we
should we now do we have walls Oh
momma's we should not stop there we
should keep going let's get a natural
kitchen in the town and see what else we
can get in neder run and run and run and
run a Bible
after watching out Matt mafia show
that's Ryan Shaw I like that road they
live on it down here someone spotted I
know is it tasty - yeah we did there we
did it that's religion in video no no it
all worked out in the end
okay so like like that is like not stuff
like mmm I always think we should buy
some of the food and bring it on footage
oh yeah how much immediately oh let's go
mama yeah yeah it's designed for you
nice - train stations closed this is
good luck I don't know if you go good
luck we went into New London Victoria
very exciting friends what well we left
it this morning
we haven't gotten on the underground
entrance the airport this is the this
has been forever a construction site
it's dude
it was everything I dreamed it would be
that's it
hello there everybody and welcome to
Jonathan's stupidity with his petroleum
situation currently we have three miles
of petroleum available before the
petroleum is no liam at the tro back who
remember that leave comments if you were
watching us back when the petroleum was
no Liam but yeah so I took a Hannah's
car obviously Wow to the train station
today but I got to go collect the kids
and they gotta go and do some other
stuff I'm hoping to try and meet with
some people and then go back to the
house today and then you know throw in
an offer it's drawing an offer fifty
pounds fifty pounds and a science the
Coney Jolie's calendar seems like seems
like a good deal huh huh hopefully they
want to watch the videos you know this
deal it it gives a deal yeah but hey I
hope it's gonna happen say you're kind
of a you're kind of leave uh hello scary
worse yeah noise alright we got one more
oh geez man what this petrol station is
closed we have a serious problem
Oh friends we made it please be open it
is oh I got one time the worst I ever
did I was really young I think I was
about 17 or 18 and I was driving back my
aunt has a house in Wicklow and
Blessington this is before like
motorways and bypasses and basically as
I was pulling up to the petrol station
the car cut out right it was a de pasi√≥n
a car cut out and basically I co stood
up to the petrol pump
lesson shall never be lent lesson should
never be all right now give us give us
some of this stuff now give us some of
the supremo's and me me and Eduardo got
special capes today in school so I mean
it you want to explain who's George and
the giant pledge yatch one explains all
the boys and girls at home yeah which
one explain I know Sophia might be
watching but they trained everybody else
so do you remember last year guys we
went we visited Amelia's little friend
George hey guys I'm just gonna warn you
this next little segment we're recording
here is going to upset some of you
intermediate class there's a little boy
called George and he is one day older
than Amelia so just before Christmas
poor little George was diagnosed with
cancer
face is a stormtrooper
break through the wall what's it
what's his first name Steven Steven the
Stormtrooper oh no I like chocolate
orange Vicki George's mom no super mom
which one I get this under has to fund
loads of research for kid cancer but
kids actually there's there's not much
research around kids cancer kids cancer
is very very different to a doll cancer
what's how you giving you and what
cancer does it make mommy happy we
currently see it there but this lump
here that's Tony that's where we had a
biopsy basically that is a peach sized
ball inside of George own which is what
they call it peeling a sarcoma to birth
Georgiy how did that make you feel well
his mommy set up this campaign and you
guys crushed it you guys have so much I
think we raised like a hundred thousand
pounds in like a week which is amazing
but this George in a giant pledge has
continued on an update though George is
better now he went to the US and got
surgery and stuff so he's doing a lot
better and he's back in school isn't he
media George and ajayan zombie yeah but
everyone in their school today and all
over our town we're wearing these capes
today it was kind of cool it's to
support him huh
all right dinner time for three you guys
enjoying your dinner Oh what did you
have for dinner melee huh was it tasty
mashed I'm agreement what did you have
for dinner what did you have for dinner
the greens are still in there it warda
what about you did you have zombies you
eat brains did you eat some brains is
now it's on busy
let's see your brother's a brain all
right your brother's a zombie there's
not a brain huh okay I mean yeah there
you go it's time it's time it's time so
cute so cute my little children all
right folks
I've done it I've made an offer on the
house don't know which way it's gonna go
you never know which way it's gonna go
huh you never know next thing you know
you're in the fro oh ho ho ha ha yeah
I've been offering a house now so I
guess it's the stressful part we gotta
wait and then they're probably gonna
reject it and then you have to
counteroffer and then they can offer and
then you counteroffer and then someone
else gets involved in your bidding more
than everyone cries over and then you
don't get the house that's what happens
yeah that's what happens but anyway
that's the situation right now waiting
it gets bad
all of them what do you do did you know
I get a dick I just peek I hide you do
different pieces one trying to find it
okay Eduardo wants to keep the zombie
face on until Monday to show his
teachers anyway that's the situation
whatever up taking you all but let you
know if there's more news oh this dress
all you can do is you know get back on
the boat we're gonna have to go
we're booked in actually to see a few
more houses anyway so I guess we just
gotta keep going
you know just like you submit your offer
and just to get it and then just move on
and then go see other houses less yeah
you know and you never know oh those
levels of stress levels restless yet
