good morning friends and welcome to
today I'm so tired he camera stupidly
stayed up to like half 1 or something
last night playing ecology zombies with
my friends Bob we got a new geography
revelations and we got a level 32 he's
crazy he's crazy we had like four more
guys and robots and like oh my goodness
you know play zombies you've known you
I'm not anywhere but level 30 with
hardcore the new revelations not gonna
be punished today for since semi here in
sesame here
careful princess it with yeah did you
fall in the stab princess world oh yeah
princess daddy she has a crown on her
head
excuse me
just back from dropping Amelia off so
apparently she was like one of the most
excited if not the most excited on
pirate day yesterday because they dug up
treasure
they went on like a dig treasure hunt
then they did a dig and they dug up this
treasure and there was like a chest and
when I think one of the teachers like
shook it and to see if there was
treasure inside she like went insane
like two or three of the teachers were
like telling me individually like at
different times how excited she was like
one of them was like she was jumping up
and down like a little bunny rabbit like
she was so excited and that's really
cute that this is what I need to do the
drop-offs and the pickups cuz Jonathan
doesn't tell me these things and I want
to know I like want to be involved and I
want to know like what she's you know
what goes on and what she does but
sometimes like he'll bring her home and
I'll be like oh so how was it he's like
oh yeah good I'm like no I needed more
information like I need to know what
happened today so and sometimes with
kids her age she doesn't like tell me
exactly what's going on like so I'll ask
her questions but the worst time to ask
her is right after she comes home from
school if I'm like what do you do today
she like doesn't want on to me the best
time is right before bedtime that's
usually when she know or like when she
wants to talk the most or when she's
more chatty about it so you have to like
time it right you know as a parent
anyway gonna head inside and have my
breakfast now I'm starving I'm always
like so hungry if you when I get back
I'm like I can't wait for coffee and
breakfast I only I showed you the full
range of my selection right now I've
been worn these ones because it's still
a chance of paper in them is the black
and gray ones and then you've got the
white sort of light grey ones these ones
I've been wearing I'm quite fond of them
I think they're and I don't know why I'd
never buy something like a luminous
green or something but for some reason
in a way for the subtle ones they've got
here you've got the Tom's collection
collection and selection of Tom's which
should all be more as much
and the Nikes and stuff but uh yeah I'm
quite enjoying these three Mota pre
Matos and s√£o Paulo I don't an entire
brand may be enough I have no idea I
just said that that's probably not true
new white friends it's time to get a
haircut
kinda because my hair is getting a bit
out of control again and the bit M which
call that stuff I can't even a term for
and also because we're actually shooting
the ciccone Jolie's 2017 calendar
tomorrow
oh you wondering where we get it in
calendar shoot this year we are this
year I'm kind of doing a little bit
different than I have in previous years
I kind of like we always came up with
like trying to come up with a team and
like all these different stuff but this
year I've kind of like I've put all the
budget onto like just a really really
good photographer obviously there's a
small bit on location fees and licensing
and all that kind of stuff and I'm
post-production and obviously
distributing printing blah blah blah I
really wanted more of a like I'm awake
a la Ella kind of like a natural sort of
like Ciccone Jolie's teamed counter
really like candid with just really nice
candid family shots that's not like
overcomplicated and like we were
originally gonna do this like fairy tale
idea and it was like really elaborate
and then I was just like you know what
let's just make it real let's just do
like really nice candid sort of fun
stuff on also we're doing another thing
this year as well it's not only going to
be why is this stuff here like this it's
not only gonna be I don't want to give
away if I say anything I might give it
away but there's something else coming
this year something pretty darn cool huh
pretty cool so looking for that - um
yeah but we're filming the calendar
shoot tomorrow excited and delighted I
just get a haircut
because it's good to be out of control
headed to get my waxing done part on the
first floor of the car park and I have
to reverse and like go up there and
reverse in and I managed to bump my away
even though I didn't even go up with the
floor like an idiot just got my waxing
done um make up it's all like gone from
here somebody these spots are really
visible and then the rest aren't but
yeah got everything done like under arms
legs eyebrows all that stuff and I got
my breasts into the wall which I love
them when she didn't sound like she's my
girl is amazing so this is my little
room and I think in a book in for a
pregnancy massage because I really
wanted I got the red angry with Eduardo
and they make such difference enter
crying track what happens resolution was
found the van resolution it was over a
biscuit did you share your Vicky's at
Melia she shared something with you you
today how did she Oh pancakes did you
get some from him isn't he a good Big
Brother little brother isn't he is it
you do you respond to me when I'm
talking to you give me that biscuit give
me that biscuit
anyway have fun guys put your biscuits
in your things right another pile of
children here next children who eats
first of the kids eat first then the
dogs Dennis why are we lost anyway
tonight we're having some couscous and
some it's like chicken
no it's meatball and mushroom it's very
tasty I'm involved in a preparation I
was I was trusted with my ladle
such you're gonna hit me they're here do
you feel like someone's gonna hit you do
you like let it all of them gone yeah
it's all right now but later on it's
gonna be there so I'm begging you please
replace tonight I went to my friend and
I was gonna go tomorrow since that time
but I just didn't know I need a camera
why okay remind me tomorrow leave
comments tell Jonathan goetaborg
oh yeah no like the next and 11:00 Robin
send light bulbs to the PIO box please
love the joke it will be it's too
twisting candle ones any manufacturers
we need a lifetime supply I know what
happened to this house but like a bull
just don't last long
look at these lovely flowers we got by
the way from our friends at green
direction quite
Sorry Sorry okay okay sorry sorry but
there were three in the bed and the
little one said good Rolo there were
four in the bed yeah great that bad I'm
not gonna break up bad I've been working
so hard with Lucy make me know she's
gonna break the bed you're gonna be a
bad breaker bad break in the Biaggi
don't guys come on hey seriously mommy's
gonna read the new fairies well it does
a new fairy bouquet so thanks x times
welcome Paul what did you eat Oh said
hope so nope attorney windows attorney
widows okay everybody everybody reading
sorry let's go don't you hide why no let
her do it did you even get me wide open
do these by yourself
thank you tomorrow I like alright you
ready
Yakko you ready
the forest was buzzing with excitement
and all the fairies were busy but Bella
who was to keep princess Jasmine's crown
states couldn't remember where she had
hidden it uh-oh she's lost her crown if
only she wasn't so forgetful it's not
there
I'm here to collect an ad wardo I'm here
to collect an Eduardo is there an
Eduardo in here see what we get under
here what's this one here oh there's the
old fella I was looking for
give me kiss in a cuddle kisses and
cuddles you look like you're in some
sort of a red room here
oh all right let's go
I'll give mom a kiss and a cuddle
why do I put all must be right
Brett see new news I don't owe you won't
watch right media say good night to our
friends good night friend but I'm not
Fitness it with that okay nobody panic
nobody panic
I can see the panic you can see the
panic nobody panic
there may be a visitor you may have a
visitor
um yeah
careful Jonathan what I paid wardo why
we're just gonna look at the visitor I'm
just gonna have a quick look Travis I
get a tree of his back here the monster
in the room don't touch it oh you're not
scared of me to you I'm uh
oh cool come on you can help me get rid
of it then come on you're not scared
come on you're not scared is it yes
alright you bye guys bye guys good luck
what oh my god is the monster
it needs new nappy
alright media holy gonna live turn on
the hall light no not that one oh oh my
goodness that was okay ever is okay oh
now what
oh there is a look why now
Amelia said she wasn't scared come on
Amelia but he's okay he's in the country
oh it's alright word out it's okay the
Beast is gone
Oh daddy
ah
