maybe not wake you up you ogre up high
her it's pirate day friends we should
have got pirate outfits on it that we
should award all day long week I made it
a special pirate blog we could have got
a pirate ship
Albie can feel like our one-eyed pirate
or something kids are fighting over a
pirate edifice as you do as you do
no one's probably wanted to be pirate a
as well my friends welcome to Monday no
it's the pilot we're in - - one hasn't
got a top one has got my car - please
give me an old day and just watch this
on TV what is that a pirate's breakfast
you're having this morning Munir are you
having an honour breakfast he was almost
a pirate then he became Inanna well we
got avocado and scrambled egg on toast
painted in toast oh there is baby
we're heading interesting scent cutting
off on the school run when candy season
it up you go in tear I see little pirate
ready for school ready for Pirate Day
can you say arrr
say ah
they are I haven't seen anybody from her
class yet all I've seen is people in
their uniforms but we're gonna go in now
and we're gonna bring all your stuff in
okay
Levesque use pirate Lila okay
it's in your book bag can I have a kiss
okay hello friends
whoa hello friends and welcome to ten
ten ten ten ten ten ten ten ten replying
to your comments if you get like other
things
no you don't have but we don't have
budget add a thing
all right here is the channel my friends
let's go to yesterday's video
presentation situation and we're looking
for questions
Christian owes a media so talk to him
clear now crashing their brand need to
scatter scooter I saw in the tennis
course buzz nervous come over and you
want to interrupt you hi jelly bean
monster Eduardo in the princess dress
just get so much I just I just don't
know why I get so much controversy I
would understand let's say we put
Eduardo into Amelia's
actual clothes like her dress of her
clothes you know that might seem a bit
odd he's just wearing a costume at home
he's just role-playing at home look I
just I don't even see it as a thing amid
his manners are amazing she's so polite
I'm voting for purple
I think purple might be a good one and
then if we have another kid that's like
a boy later on we can go green and then
if we have another kid our squared
amid suggestions L Ellen Elna or ELISA
Eliezer like she she I like alleys
actually that's cool
Elsa Elsa Jonathan didn't you see
yourself having children then how did
you guys decide to have children very
curious
Selina hug Claire though I know I did
that I'm pretty sure we've spoken about
this loads of times on the vlogs right
when we met I don't want kids I was in a
middle university and then when we were
we moved in together finally we're about
in university so still interested in
children then we left University we
moved to Ireland wasn't interested in
having children then we got married and
once you got mine we were like we were
no longer like two separate
professionals come on her we were like
so now we're now we're like this oh
hello hello
look and that was the kid coming um
which is like the natural progression
was like let's have children and then em
Anna or they asked me just like I think
we should have a baby and I was like are
you mad and then she kind of talked me
into it a bit and then we know having a
child and I was like oh my goodness this
is amazing and now we had another one
and I may another one an amen
people change all the time as long as
you believe comments on our videos is
like you guys have changed I'm like I
bloody hope so I've been making together
for six years imagine I was still the
person I was six years ago what what
would be the lesson in life if you never
learned something life is about always
moving forward and evolving and growing
as a person
you know I mean so I like to change all
the time every day I try and change and
become better where are we going with
this that's why um I eventually have
children I voted most likely to never
have children high school now here I
said praying with baby number four
boom Nina brown you go girl
you go girl you show him in part is a
mommy's boy he's a little mama's boy he
is a lonely boy I love him no I know who
you are Oh
he said you're that lad like you know
you don't see that as much in the videos
it was like he said she'd a lot like I
love that little fella like you know
most mornings I wake up beside me
because he comes into our bed it just
looks at me and starts poking me that I
never mention why she does the school
runs now because she wants to that's it
I really wanted to be a baby number four
number tree actually number four squared
C visit this funny thing is I think my
boy myself and I don't look at this
pregnancy this child um please can we
have this dress I'm not a hundred
percent comfortable I'm a lot more than
it was at the start I'm still nervous
every day with this pregnancy if you
don't know we experienced a miscarriage
a few months ago that was really really
hard and I was naive to that ever
happening to me prior to it happening so
my bubble was burst I'm now in the big
brave world and I realize bad things
happen so I'm not I'm I'm cautiously
optimistic this will be our third third
this will be our third child but this
will be our fourth pregnancy it's not
gonna be our fourth child will be our
third child for pregnancy does anybody
know the baby's due date I do
director did it didn't that's the end of
this week's episode of responding to
your common questions see you guys next
time
poofter tutor all right guys I was just
doing my workout and somebody joined me
why can I only see one of his eyes was
he last one I was closing it
he looks like a stone but it's not it's
a frog how are you
normal gave me a heart attack
well done okay so now I'm heading to the
dermatologist get my skin sorted out
basically I get hydro-facials every two
weeks or four weeks cut member I thought
one thing it might be two weeks or I
can't remember but anyway and I also was
on this system which I had to come off
one of the products because I was
pregnant so I can go back on it in a
couple of weeks which I'm really excited
about because it was covering my skin
but then like breakouts happened because
I got pregnant and hormones and
everything and I had to stop using it so
because it was it's quite harsh
so anyway heading to the dermatologist
now gonna get a facial yo-ho-ho and a
bottle of rum rum bum bum bum bum bum
Mama's name is Eduardo he is a pirate
not a princess are sometimes he's a
princess but today he's he's a pirate
you a pirate or a princess your pirate
Nayana wow you look so cool shoes are
you ready to come to pirate land and
collect the media yeah shall we go
yo-ho-ho and a bottle of rum boom boom
boom can you say shiver me timbers
we're going to collect Amelia and
Eduardo is dressed like a pirate not
Anna
just to clarify huh look a cutie looks
and she looks like he's got the right
hair flicking everything huh
ever we're gonna go to Amelia school
you've never been here before
oh my skirting it actually no way you
have because you've done a couple of
stay in place okay let's go come on come
on Oh
what what's in your seat yeah Oh some
fluff oh sorry is the batter now okay
what oh geez
come on pirate wardo we're gonna be late
shiver me timbers are we ready to go mr.
pirate man yeah you can't have TV on
alright let's go pick up familia yeah
there's no teeth pilot down there facing
away our treasure
so we must go one painful addressed oh
yes but but I'm not gonna buckle
yourself we're gonna taste this all fun
twist a weapon come on I'm gonna close
the weapon who put this out for me who
put this up for me just a pair of pirate
my pirate children Hey
all the dogs are afraid of the Pirates
hello doggies row your boat gently down
the stream if you see a crocodile don't
forget to take that little bit too far I
love row your boat gently down the river
and if you see a corner Harry don't
forget to
shimmer journey down de dream and if you
see a dial don't forget yeah did
somebody say I wanted this rare don't
forget to go to vessel leggo d-day yo
boy don't win don't know what wound only
give me I Samba oh I can't count do do
doop so I media has lost your mind
Eduardo has broke in the bathroom good
my friends my friends with indica stinky
balls like
to compress the stinky bomb bombs see
you guys tomorrow
wife wears Merida to bed kick off we are
Oh
take you with me
