good morning good morning friends were
pirates under princesses and pirates and
layers of princesses Eduardo is stolen
so how's it going my little son if we're
going my only little son of a gun huh I
wasn't sure I was gonna have to make
some changes to the song this as we saw
in one of my Sons of Guns but now I
still only have one son of a gun thanks
to princesses yeah can you imagine what
its gonna be like with another Amelia I
can't even imagine what its gonna be
like and it's kind of funny because like
right now I couldn't imagine my life
without Amelia Eduardo and then when we
bring this new child here I just I won't
be able to even imagine what my life was
like before I had this other baby this
is crazy like you know before you had
kids I was like I know interest in
having children I couldn't I was like I
never saw myself as a dad kind of person
I just saw myself as like a solo person
you know and and now I'm like being a
dad it's been the best decision about
I'm like I found myself I found my
comfort place in life and now I get to
do it all over again when another little
princess it's gonna be so cool I'm so
excited
what color what color yellow what color
can your sisters iPad be Amelia Oh dark
pink you have a blue one yeah a dark
pink one is that the color she's gonna
be allowed have are you gonna let her
watch your iPad with you
and this word owes maybe you gonna you
gonna show her all the cool things to do
in life maybe feel truthful answer every
games lesson can show her like all the
cool toys and all the cool shows to
watch and all the cool books and stuff
you know that and then when you go to
school you don't have to like you can
learn all about school and stuff and
then you can teach her all of that
school and then when you get older you
can teach you how to do makeup and you
can share dresses don't share boyfriends
Mike it might get messy good dog
right we are off to a joint birthday
party can you not step in the puddles
that would be great hi it normally plays
emedia I love you have fun at the park
okay on your new scooter - and emergency
coat
now I'm really sorry but you have to go
into me healthy okay
together ones being taken out do you
mind going in a pink seat is it okay can
you go you go into me Leah's just for
today just for today okay I don't know
can you just get in C please thank you I
it's in the garage for now Wow don't go
too fast
whoa you're super fast
what okay it might be too windy here to
actually hear me but I mean we found an
empty tennis courts the trial is going
menthols
look how good she is okay good you are
at the scooters huh they're so cool on
that oh my goodness you know that
skateboard thing that you have a remote
control and it drives itself I've no
idea what it's called but imagine you
made scooter versions of that what's it
called go skate or something that's why
any something cooler than ash is that
your braking technique just run into a
wall you're a cool dude I love your
stopping technique this is the brake use
your other foot to step on the brake
remember you showed me do today when you
put your two feet up in the air
remember can we do that let's try that
all right now push push now lift your
foot up there's the second foot up lift
your foot up this your foot whoa
and there use your back foot in the
braking no no you use the foot that's in
the air on the brake right now yeah yeah
press the brake press the brake yeah you
did it progress she can now use the
brakes I think all right we've come to
the skate park
all right nice moves
whoa that's it we're gonna work on next
week hey what kind of move is that what
kind of move is that doing it you doing
it you're a skater or a scooter we made
it at the big hill all right we finished
in the skate park
but now amelia is gonna get new trainers
no that's not where we get trainers
that's restaurants should we get food it
is where you went yeah
all right I think these might look nice
in you know are they too big hmm what
about these ones little ones no let's
move on
what about these ones here what we
thinking
oh you show me where them just wanted
media ones because it's like a party
it's like a party shoe but we settle on
this one here have me you just needed in
your size okay so I mean this foot it's
too small of a machine well that's not
going to work here this probably need
this one might be too small as well I
think that means I mean it is a size 8
if you're a size 8 is huge you're eight
eight for your age or for your foot
their foot is age eight do you tell with
us my first name
maybe a foot at the back my keys let's
go so the plan was to get one pair and
then she really really wanted the
light-up shoes yeah yeah are they very
comfy shoes oh that's cool
check that Amelia's new shoes take them
light up
they're so cool all right run the lunch
run what do you want for lunch today
don't touch what do you want for lunch
today you want me to make a sandwich or
you want a fish finger you want bagels
but you want for lunch shell what are we
thinking
what are you in the mood for what do you
feeling do you want a fish fingers huh
do you want a fish finger sandwich a
dozen special makeup for lunch but
seriously what do you want come on we
got cheese anything you want in the
world for lunch what are you thinking
bread bread and bagels no well we'll try
and find them we'll try and find bagels
and bread oh my goodness Amina look
Christmas pudding should we buy
Christmas pudding what not this
Christmas pudding already - we could buy
some understand it - Zoe she's obsessed
what do you think well I want Christmas
Christmas cakes Christmas things
alright let's just buy Christmas food
let's just let's just accept it and by
Christmas Paige
it's basically Christmas everybody right
Merry Christmas
so we came for lunch and we've ended up
with surprise kinder eggs M&Ms and lots
of Christmas cake Smarties
I would call this a successful look a
sweet offer woohoo and the sweet hopper
wife whoa I didn't scan oddly enough
oh all right we got a what is that oh
look up item we're home and look what it
wait oh god oh my god guys he was so
cute can you show your party bike show
me make sure they don't steal your
prison hi Amelia they're so cool they're
so cool
did you miss me oh I missed you Eduardo
was at a big boy party all by himself
you got a party
he'll show you in a minute I love them
they're so cool they're so pretty
have you landed why no it's okay they're
not gonna steal your stuff teach you
Wow big step
they're so cute he was such a big boy he
was so cute no he was so cute at the
party he liked his little sandwich and
then he got a little cake and it was
just so video yeah kind of didn't do too
badly so I'm gonna put him down anyway
some of the people I was talking to at
that party cuz that's he was invited to
a party from I know people from his new
school like his new nursery which is
gonna be eventually his school because
it all feeds into the same thing so same
school isn't me yeah but I know all you
want me to carry you
so anyway some of them were like oh they
don't do nots anymore and I was like
what
but it's on those kids there's a huge
age difference between somebody who's
full or somebody who's 3 and somebody
who is still 2 and a half so some of
them have started this week but I think
there's only like eight in the class or
something and then some are starting in
January he's a spring baby but they
technically cause him a summer because
he's April boy but he has money
Wow ok let's change your nappy and then
go for a little snooze ok you don't like
little news
what is there why do it to you but I'm
worried is you know saying all the right
things boxes must be Anna or these new
special like Italian pizzas or something
becoming like special boxes don't look
at them mmm eat the party Friday night
yeah yeah
brothers develop products okay where's
Amelia what it's Pizza time we're gonna
have fascial pace the vacuum ready for
special pizza
are you ready Alvey why do you want to
go ahead side all right boy begone fell
foul creature then bring your friends
with you my goodness how many dogs do
you have
all right we're gonna eat our pizzas
we're going to continue making babies
and they're going to feed the currents
babies okay sit my friends
