morning good morning friends do any
friends guardo is wearing his new hat so
last time well it's the evening and the
pedo box arrived and we went through it
yeah I got some hair stuff pretty cool
guardo got some cars get some cars with
loads of presents for me his birthday so
thank you to everybody that sent
presents to millions Amelia's pure box
I'm pretty much as many as pure box but
it wired up so cute in this hat look so
cute you're gonna get a lot huh a little
add hmm are you excited to have a little
sister ah yeah there's gonna be there's
gonna be two girls in the house part oh
that but don't worry trust me trust me
it's going to be a good thing okay
I had an older sister and I had a
younger sister it's a good thing that
his mommy have a baby until me we're dia
I thought I was over I've just realized
this is actually the first time I've
collected a media from school in the
rain since you started a new school how
crazy is that
so September has finally arrived welcome
welcome
oh my goodness it is rainy I just had a
shower and my hair is there froofy there
is no products I'm product free lads I'm
living in a product free land it's so
we're in Sorrento this guy we know de
mario has a shop and they always buy
stuff off my report I'm about a few
pairs of these what are you thinking
about are kind of cool I've got black
ones and grey ones and green ones and
stuff but I thought I'd wear them over
the winter time once the once it gets
too cold for Toms can we see him that
well but I like him i amelia is home
from school and there's a special day on
Monday what's the Monday special day I
did cuz it's pirate day on Monday to
Friday's it's PE day anyway I didn't
wear the uniforms for the
yeah watch the pilots pilots now laughs
only friend
it's our pirates where are you excited
to become a pirate oh and you have a
pirate ship already ready hey hey hey
hey don't beat up your daddy I know
you're a pirate now anyway let's look at
this this is immediate effort from one
day how cool is that
watch no we have to wait no Owen gets
right on me and then we can take off
hmmmm a little try on oh look it's
already opening itself we just have a
little try little try on not all of it
just some of it okay hello princess
honor
okay Sanok here Saturday oh all right
and it no no no no no I know it looks
like they go that way that actually gets
to say okay smile turn turn
all right now turn back okay now we get
the dress the dress part I'll need one
more part right can we show me first do
you see the pirate Wow
well if it's on a dance school you're
clearly going to win ha ha come here
pirate Amelia go stand beside honor
stand beside each other over the wall
I'm beside each other ah the pirate and
the princess sounds like a book and the
princess about me on the high side that
a pirate adventure huh you guys isn't
what so cute we're gonna go look so cool
on Monday we could be a princess bag and
play naughty money and it's gonna have
this for you
so lambasana so you can be my god that
old wife introduced to Jana Jana
he's honor so alright you can be
princess Amelia look what Alf you
pretend it's rap huh is that the worst
rap you've ever seen that's the best
yeah oh so explain a pilot de filippi Oh
Pirate Day on Monday lives
yeah I know yeah I said do I have to
collector as a pirate yeah or or Amelia
Amelia do you want to open a present
yeah surprised she hasn't like come to
this there's been a lot of presents lady
yeah she's done yeah
here's a is this immediate alright so we
got you a laptop oh look I just can't
okay
do you know this vacant t yeah I like
them poppy loves them okay Oh actual
doughnut there's a scratch-and-sniff
hard scratch-and-sniff smell it there's
discarded this smell the car she's I
mean you don't smell thoughts mmm it
smell nice was it smell like oh me oh
it's no good
oh I didn't scratch it I just nicked it
this one it's my next robbery yeah yeah
all right we're gonna miss more one
first ice broken we've already broken
two present
move we got double wrapped
wait what it I don't know I don't think
so
especially only two Z's okay I'm not
little she's four fours these matching
pets
oh yeah that let you collect the PP she
just got into that what did I say no
she's into shopkins oh my gosh that
they're like multi hot girls babies and
twelve pets Wow sorry 24 inside 24 to
Z's inside what I thought it was just
one and I was wondering why it's such a
big box oh that's a lot of packaging
poor little toy got the big one wha
wait that's not full of two Z's is it
alright I'm on is you open the big box
open the big box oh my god is Tom Jerry
oh is it a doll it's nothing oh no what
have you put in that's it
I like skills you got rip it all off
Oh a white box you caught it oh I felt
heavy when I caught it there now all you
need to do is get rid of this good it
sellotape here yeah go for it you can do
it come on believe in yourself you can
do it is this word wired are the sinner
no look at their face I think that he
might have private exchange over the
picture nice one I yeah I don't think
you're gonna fit in that mate do you
want to get me Hannah but what do you
say - Zoe NAAFI okay so Zoe are you
having a brother or a sister
are you e
you sure why wait B is mummy having a
girl or a boy yeah
yesterday's tommnow was made by Alfie
yeah are you gonna Ralphie's makeup you
can do mine
alright do moseys always makeup you
wanted who's always makeup - oh oh oh
that's nice and media oh you use that
that's that's it that's a new technique
who hate Rebecca Angus and famous artist
oh that's nice you actually look like a
zebra or something so he does that for
us
Joey the zebra from Peppa Pig oh all
right
you have to speak to the to the viewers
and tell them what you're doing yeah
media we have to talk to multiple
cameras he's not that viewer finished
you have to do Alfie this will be guys
okay are you gonna talk talk talk talk
everyone true to view what was your
inspiration okay out well that's it a
Pokemon gym - oh boy art has moved over
to Alfie you just miss amazing space
hopping by Zoe air go check her vlog why
is it are you going to open the gates
with them I will open the gate for them
can I come - you wanna close is always
car yeah
oh she's on quickly beegley beagley
really do we need oh we're all coming
the family outing stopped raining we're
all very excited we're all going outside
to see oh my goodness I forgot honey my
hair
oh my goodness as Alfie would say I'm
having a bad hair day I've no product in
my hair
hello I'm from them running for the bus
oh yeah yes yes we all are we driving I
think that driving Michael do you have
to go find using I mean he's very
excited about Joe's car we're actually
looking at an old vlog from like what
two years ago and a media within Zoe's
old mini so we realized there's history
there is she has done this a few times
oh my god is in the front Oh take the
roof off here would you like the roof
off madam yeah put him a down like the
roof I would madam yeah um oh oh you
want to be in the back then you pay pal
Oh ready glasses on it might be a bit
sunny is that it no hang on there you go
all right
oh they're not very oh the media what's
the roof going
you could tell my mom
no never goodbye mate
yeah that's it
I don't know we're all gonna fit in the
back yeah I just thought you're gonna
have another child that's gonna have to
learn to selfie oh yeah drummer drummer
a clip from like ages ago in alphas
apartment or we said who does immediate
like more and she said me oh okay
Oh ed waters pressing old bud Oh Janek
that's that's a bit of a jumper all
right watch out for the hammer eggs yeah
good you say good luck yeah okay yeah
we're in the money baby hey all right
whale is back on come on let's go drive
on okay fine
ruff we're on the venture way like the
nosy kids oh yeah
are we there yet are we there yet
driving like a family
not yet oh and we'll be a family
having roman we're too long sleeping
in the pickup my boots oh yeah
this lack
