we get gamma burgers out good morning
friends he got his boogers out did you
get your but you didn't eat your buzzer
didn't eat your boogers this is not that
good don't do it why you got one of
those chef shows like them the great
bake-off British thing AB and you can
put your stuff in huh you might have the
iPad so mommy is off doing the school
run and mr. delicious here was last
night was screaming at the top of the
stairs
hmm and then you came into mommy and
daddy's bed yeah and I went and you want
the iPad you can't just have one pad
mister mister I can't come the iPod you
know if there was that if there was a
subject matter called
the iPad class in school this is a man
would you read you out this mud will get
an A+ I I got 2 News I've got 2 News
Betty iPad listen to me I've got some
news
listen to memories let yourself go
yeah listen to me listen to me listen to
me hey hey all right let's go let's go
and start today are we going star today
you're gonna let me in comedian yeah you
said today really made a day begin
lady with a baby
I just think maxi dresses always make
people seeing more pregnant you know I
don't know you know what's funny right
prior to us announcing the pregnancy
you didn't look that pregnant and then
for some reason after announcing it that
you're pregnant
oh yeah battery thing um after
announcing you're pregnant you just
seemed more present you know like you've
admit we've admitted it anyway guys
we're going house hunting and more
pregnant it's like in the movies you
know in the movies and the TV shows are
always like pregnant and life is amazing
and they just burst on oh yeah they're
like oh honey let's buy a house we're
like them now can be like oh honey I
really looked oh no no wait I don't know
why you talk like that but we never got
have Sunday while pregnant were you
picking with Eduardo actually hold on
when we came here um no he was already
born we had the duardo yeah so we've
never done it this is new new things in
my life nice mm-hmm all right onward we
go but first we must feed in the car car
is tirsty for some chicken supreme I
like chicken supreme
chicken supreme is tree okay give it the
chicken supreme dream this one all right
fill er up my old friends careful
careful careful don't be looking at the
form the form is being removed not
removed whatever okay we've looked at a
couple of houses we must interrupt our
house hunting to go and collect Amelia
from school and then we're gonna check
out a few more wouldn't know and one
nice one but yeah yeah I didn't I didn't
see like the I know they're all things
that can be changed but I didn't like
the floor which that's just putting down
I didn't like the property developer he
was rude he wasn't very nice and and I
didn't like mosaic thing in the bathroom
so I was really yeah like a more neutral
theme I have hope for the after lunch
we'll call it the after lunch viewings I
just like them you know it's it's fine
the Moe's a key thing and the floor and
everything cuz you can change that but
it's not that they're doing it right now
and you're there no wait hold hold
you don't wanna just fan out we're about
to have it's a baby
thank you just started crying should I
just tell you I don't know would you
just tell me I don't know Gigi you're
crying it all yeah what do you think it
is what we were both admitted looks like
a little boy yesterday I don't know what
it's time for now I don't know what it
is you tell me not I'm like would be fun
it was a little thing happen but that's
a long time to waste we can do it with a
kid phrase I'm afraid to know so is I my
heart was like pounding she said okay so
you are no chemicals don't you believe
what
all right so I've come to a little shop
over here to try and get so much and
fatty and stuff to try and do something
for the kids there's a gender reveal for
the team but they're ready to close
alright see some monkey business monkey
business do you have anything that like
explodes into like confetti somehow Jeff
helium that you can make balloons in the
helium dairy boxes I go by where you can
put a few balloons in a box I've got a
canister the heat with off helium but
you can blow things up but it's on oh
you can do yourself
yeah okay I came up with a plan it might
be crazy it involves this a helium pump
did you know you can actually helium
give me a helium pumps huh
so I got the balloons of the color um of
the pink or blue because Amelia
understands that she watched a review I
gotta talk about it she watched a reveal
video that Anna was watching and the
grade the family let go balloons
I pick up blue balloons and then and
that's how so she understands that
concept so I figure this this might be
cool I just need to go find a big box
put them all in but I'm pretty sure we
probably have some sort of an Amazon box
somewhere I know I like that I did not
expect today that I was going to end up
finding out the gender of little
squiggly pigs squiggly piglet that's
your name 8o my gayness
and it's so happy though I think we're
all very very happy I can't I know right
now in a video I know you don't know so
you know why that's right that's right
let's just go ahead and set this up for
the kids and all but eyes like is oh man
I'm very happy all right let's put this
here I think one of these boxes here
will probably do the job you know let's
leave that there for the moment we
haven't din dins guys what I don't know
what color brilliance you want it to be
whatever it's blue balloons it doesn't
matter if it's blue very nice
you like blue balloons too she told me
she only likes girls but then she said
what she likes it weren't oh yeah well
if the baby's like Eduardo maybe it's
okay
exactly what are you doing what is wider
once he keeps oh boy he went a brother
well you don't what are you gonna one
bite left and then the festivals will
begin after mommy and daddy have their
dinner - okay
each attendance you're gonna win you're
not gonna be the winner now oh oh
hurry up we're not gonna be the winner
mister do you want a girl or a boy with
his water one way to call it wardo is it
a boy is it a girl tell mommy
a boy is it boy or girl Wow Oh
denne denne hey Dad they are wearing
pink and blue I did a Twitter poll
actually hmm what's that mean I'm
wearing grey yeah with a hint of pink
then Dan Dan alright I'm just gonna take
this scooter over to the garage what
does that mean denne denne okay full
disclosure I've never ever used one of
these before and I have absolutely no
idea what I'm doing
oh it's just like a big canister look I
assume you just put the balloon in this
and like turn this thing
Oh turn Oh comes an instructions
oh these are the best kind of
instructions luck you just follow the
pictures love it
okay I have all the balloons blowing up
inside the box and now I need to go and
tie them all down otherwise when I let
them go they're all going to just fly
into space which would be kind of cool
to watch them all float away biking the
kids would appreciate the helium
balloons afterwards can you see in the
box
I'm thinking and no spoilers lads no
peeking in the box
alright leave your comments below what
do you think
squids gender is and you'll see in a few
minutes you probably see let's be honest
everybody has skipped ahead at this
point you know don't you alright alright
let's attach the string situation so
this is my elaborate plan I'm tying the
balloons on to this thing and then about
this in the box so Amelia opens the box
it's not all gonna float away as you
just like rope like a thin rope and like
this Christmas thing oh my gosh
we are making this work are we ready
guys here ed find out if it's a boy or a
girl
are you excited huh is it too exciting
you want to know no peeking no peeking
are you ready wired oh are you excited -
no don't open it weirdo no peeking yep
no peeking
did you peek did you peek oh yeah oh boy
sign and we decide stand on either side
Eduardo decide emediacoach mommy - mine
dear mommy let go first
last chance ready open it yeah put
yourself a sister you're gonna have a
little sister wait oh yeah
you did always dream about it all sister
your dream has come true
she's happy mediator
here
No
girl girl oh and a little princess me so
happy
I'm really sorry
like that happens all the time
I mean so long as we've had a girl Oh
what you heard I mean I'm like Eduardo
was the last baby I've had oh he's
getting a sister I'm so happy for Amelia
I'm so happy for I get another sister oh
my goodness what happened he's already
cool for her
you
