good morning friends we're going to
school like a fool we will not draw like
a fool you gonna drool like a fool in
school why don't you put your little
glossy fingers ah Emilia got up a little
early this morning t she went on the
iPad iPad before school have you ever
heard such things are very fluent girl
iPad before school it's illegal illegal
activity
you cannot go under the covers alright
let's get dressed mrs. bike we're all
right go back there and then we'll put
them we're getting dressed
don't you made it that your morning
exercises is it I mean I teach ever
notice how pretty your mommy is you're
very lucky
yeah I can get humbler than the bag
tumbles in the bed
run free little munchkins
what do you do you play me the torch can
you believe this is 7:00 a.m. on a
September in late September morning this
is brilliant tell me it's all cold and
dark and whew booboo in September would
September's not nice and cool huh is it
it even I can take my Lamborghini out of
the garage I think look I just keep my
Lamborghini in the garage didn't want to
get dirty you know you want my Aventador
to get dirty I will take the Lambo what
do you think guys
kill me oh oh
stood on something UNC Anna talking
about this yesterday or recently and so
she is the MOT and it's wondering it's
pre-cut to fit just inside the door
there but the dog he's kept peeing on it
and once they kept peeing on it they
just kept peeing on it like over and
over and over again
so we've taken got rid of the mat I
think we're getting new one Kush and
then someone said like he's a spray a
lemon spray or something something you
can do
teenies whoa you're using a torch in the
Alpha bites whoa can you point to all
the letters can you find a magic letter
there are some classes that heading to
school
another really funny nice day I think
it's going to be good today mmm
I'm always left carrying like a million
things she doesn't want to carry today
we had a little bit of drama this
morning what he gave me one girl I knew
that would happen one day I knew it
couldn't be good every day she generally
looked there but today was just so just
dropped meaning out off at school she
was absolutely fine she just wanted me
to say that I was going for a walk and
not actually going home which obviously
I'm not going for a walk and going up
but I do walk back to my car
so anyway that was kind of it was tough
but she's fine she's absolutely fine
thank you
take care yeah
we are not going to be late today
alright we she made it for us got right
she had a scan today and we made it
today on time we were so two minutes
late though was a bit it was a bit tight
for register were in we were ready to go
in for the wind get that room full of
water fill that woman for water okay
okay what is this thing called it's not
enormous now what is in this new clothes
new come new coal in the old new clothes
behind let's you should scan your new
clothes we have sir time he'll the
nuchal is you check the odor and
distance in the back of neck yeah is it
the lake there's your nipple anyway
close cappings there you go the Sun
laughs - the
cold throw a smile mr. Lumm homies
time was still and I was lost from sight
for why who call is new to tell me
you know it from start
Oh
picture
and ever sound
this tattoo
all done we're in a car on the way home
feeling even more confident it was a
moment again before that scammer I was
thinking oh my what if like we've gotten
compo we've announced it now you know
and like everyone's presumptuous you
know but it's all good it's so active I
don't know anything no that came out on
tape or not like but it's like she was
like trying to measure spine there I
know I keep that's another say I'm gonna
I think it's a boy I have a feeling when
we saw that scan and it just to me I was
just looking at gonna get it looks like
Eduardo we don't know yet
that's not why but that's to me
personally I did get his two little legs
knees like thickeners and legs ran in
the hands nose up so if it actually
turns out to be a robot I thought I saw
something things are the only time it's
not possible oh yeah I don't know so if
it gets called as a girl I will be
surprised because I I'm right now I'm
thinking that I looks like a boy to me
we went upstairs today our professor our
Obi's office and i said the army test
convenient and they said no you know so
we're gonna find out next few days you
should do some of those that little test
old wives tales I think we tried all of
them when our kids before and they never
actually worked out
not like with it we will do a Twitter
poll that's a bit it is there you wanna
see the baby Amelia yeah trusty to me we
have pictures and a baby and a video of
the baby it's gotten really really big
and its really really dancey you see
yeah we're not the blood the blood is
all the other stuff oh the place stuff
yeah that's like the blood I have a
video as well I can show you later
he jumps her oh well he or she but we
think it might be a boy do you will find
that soon it's a 50-50 chance the blood
King is cute
I play snakes a la Paz look look what
arrived friends anyone else excited
about the PlayStation VR I have them
pre-ordered and I have to get a camera
system thing and then these jokes will
have one in each hand so I can control
them but it's coming out and like a week
or two I'm very excited for login I am
very excited that the virtual
PlayStation reality anything she might
be a trigger subscription I look like a
wizard boom boom yeah a tutor one for
each hand and then the PlayStation
camera thing I'm very excited to see
virtual reality games maybe virtual
reality score notorious one I hope you
guys can like children house I'll be
interesting one
did you eat chocolate Anna
we have to go and meet Amelia and your
teachers come on Tom
you're an address can come but you can't
come oh my goodness guys do you remember
that uber trip that we took home from
London today look at this I got an email
from them saying that it was gonna cost
six hundred and fifty three pounds what
what that is insane you could fly to New
York for that price oh my goodness I'm
gonna tweet them now and see like what
how can you charge someone six hundred
and fifty pounds like we took an address
of me in the morning it was only 100
pounds not 653 pounds that's insane
all right mate I'll see you later
are you outside hello hello hello hello
cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo what we're going to
see your teachers to discuss your your
schoolwork okay no thank you we won't be
long
okay but I have your teachers have to
tell me how good you've been okay thank
you for loving me so much okay I better
go I don't be late for school I might
get in trouble I'm I'm like I make it in
the couch
the naughty cloud if I'm late that's
what happens
hmm
okay not every time for I'll see you
later
mmm I love you get at me mates rates
I have to go mates rates okay I can you
watch if you count to seven hundred and
ninety seven million I'll be back that
is a long time let's be hot let's be
homeless
I won't be a long time will you tie me
rock paper scissors maybe I'll stay okay
Rock Paper Scissors go
Oh joint okay let's go ready do proper
Paper Scissors show Oh crush crush love
you yeah later
nice snow globe alright school is over
our school work is over oh it was
actually tough going nuts because it was
like a presentation for like an hour
something that all about the growth him
stuff I wasn't prepared I wasn't
prepared for the school miss but it's
done now
now we're going on a date like lamb oh
because I touched you know when I touch
you be honest because am i touching to
make you feel thing okay Sadie's yeah
maybe it's Maybelline
you
