good morning friends and welcome to this
video please start engine myself and I
are heading in to London for some sort
of a scan or something or others and I
know I'm just I'm just a dad
I'm just a dad did my business ages ago
Oh what is the first time I've never
brought you guys with us to do body
uberta life goes on
how are you how's how's it going huh
how's your day been you're watching us
in the morning how is your evening mean
if you watch this night how has your how
are you how are how are you let's say
let's take some time how are you how's
it going
this is the truth
not the best starch all the trains were
delayed and now is unlike well we have -
five minutes so five minutes ago we need
to be there hopefully five minutes get
there we're not anywhere near there I
love Diana there she is amazing
I just have a card that ricardus fine
contactless
I found the underground you just have to
listen therefore the Sam I'm not sure
what happened but we got confused and we
got off the train we used our debit
cards or contact us to get off the train
leaves the station after we'd already
bought tickets on the train not you in
the round and then you'll know that
before and what does that mean
there we go into our little box
Oh missed the appointment and they're so
busy to capitalist in today which is you
gotta do this all again tomorrow
like the trains are on strike and if you
go on your app accessories a train I
know it might say the new trainer it
might not but it doesn't like it's not
correct so when you get to the train
station you have to like oh we almost
made it but we didn't make it no delays
and it wasn't even a first train so I
mean not a misdemeanor for lunch in
about 40 minutes or awarded their car
well we're not really nothing to do it's
maybe here for no reason we're just a
pair of feathers did not decide
waiting for our taxi it is a sweaty
situation today is the hottest ad here
it's not but it is fairly hot great day
great day for traveling on trains I
thought I was gonna die and another
moment I thought this is this also join
us see the coolest turn towards left the
Anna's next car over here this thing out
here
you can see it but it looks like just
like a squished cartoon car look at that
thing what even is that it looks like a
why's the car and then it got squished
or turned into a cartoon I will carry
one of your many boxes we met Adam and
Sabrina we are in where are we miss
Atkins al Casey s Casey as we've made
cane club we're like locos watching you
moving in new head's new heads toward
Lynch was good I had half of Adam's
lunch you know everybody know everybody
what's going on here what's going on
here did you have fun in school today
did you have fun in swimming dancing
today dancing prancing the turn today
Amelia daddy just realized I haven't
even edited today's video yet I should
probably get to it what do you think or
we just knock up video today what do we
do
you're not being helpful you're not
being too helpful hurry what did you
build us no no that's so cool we didn't
did you think we were gone on a date
night no we have to go in and see the
baby but guess what guess what guys we
were late and we missed the baby
appointment so we didn't see the baby so
we have to go back again tomorrow to see
the baby for date night no for baby day
for that are we not allowed going date
night anymore but when even faint night
that means you got the baby oh do you
make the babies on date nights
what because it's not date night
we're supposed to what we saw we saw
Luann's a PA is mommy and daddy yeah I
haven't Sabrina and we have lunch what
did you have for lunch today
give me this what are you doing with
this give me this give me this oh my god
you what you are all right good luck I
need to go edit videos and do things
what happens he cursed your ear
Eduardo right please let me to crush
your ear right now it's only fair if I
crush your air Cena right give him one
wall up with the brothel is it joke give
me that give me that Mary Poppins brush
here sweep you up don't you sweep me up
don't you sweep me up now I know what
you don't put the dirt on me right
that's like this no that's I got to get
the work done
whoa what is it ah-ha - trouble is I
don't know I think that might go with
something don't open your card for
America what should I read it for you
okay the purpose being not vlogging
myself because I'm like drenched and
sweat from today like it's actually
disgusting so I can open that back look
it's a schooldays one she's going to
school she got school uniform the one
for Sophia that's right okay we'll open
this one this one is from Omaha oh these
are really cute so these have yep these
have won awards apparently because
apparently they're the first doll that
size so like Barbie that isn't like a
woman shape it's like a little girl
pepper or pink you're a positive role
model Awards winner green Elsa
oh I think that I think I know what that
is
Wow what do you say to OMA and Erica
it's a gag what do you say to all my
nephew makeup what do you say to all my
naira can check out Bianca she just
tapped on the tin to tell me to feed her
and now look what she's doing
do you want your dinner don't you no you
stop look at these two Messrs they've
just like decided to swap seats
mm-hmm this meals on wheels
whoa you're really good at that now you
can woo lady with a baby y'all look what
we have we've got chicken and mushroom
thingy with mashed potatoes nice and
we're eating outside in September I did
not expect September to be outside yes
okay okay oh oh I missed I fall again
all right what are you gonna do okay
quick I need to eat my dinner so go
quickly show me oh nice one
we're watching some iPad waiting for
Eduardo and mommy to come so we can't
have a shower and wash your stinky bum
you ever think about damn did you guys
use the YouTube can zap obviously if
you're a child did you kids up guys if
you have children
I recommend the YouTube kids one because
you know sometimes like when like the
ads come on or a buffer I thought the
YouTube kids one does all this like make
some noises when it buffers it does like
little bubbles pop and stuff like that
it's the old attention span of the kid
who knows it's very limited although
media is better than wardo Eduardo's
tension span is like like yeah exactly
exactly it's like this much air the
media's is it like at least this much
there's not much but in terms of like
parent survival trips you you really
want the attention span to maximize the
attention span less okay series it's so
hot today shall we have a shower no are
we waiting for it wardo when eduardo
comes you'll get off the iPad and then
straight in for shower time uh-oh who's
that who's that who's this weirdo are
you Anna hi Anna Princess Anna
Princess Anna mommy honor there's two
honors oh you're a bunch of honors what
are you doing come here how to bring the
children to the back there's no iPads
don't listen to your sister all right
Anna you're gonna have to turn into
Eduardo I need you to transform into
Eduardo
I need a transformation I stepped on a
book a look at that look at that look at
that look at that trap
somebody set up a trap this is miso miso
never got me owning it
so never gone he sometimes thinks he's
Prince asana but he's not he's not he
has a little business not her wipe it
off your face your Tosh does it taste a
little bit funny the guardo and he is
militant fella sometimes he thinks his
name is on and currently he's upside
down laughing like a clown Oh me little
little ad so Claire me is way why he's
Clemmy Clemmy Clemmy and softly but now
she's a minor spot she's in your new
school and in your softly yeah and
dynodroid softly because he's a boy but
he he been come to my birthday party did
Daniel come to your birthday party my
second oh can you come to your next
birthday party Daniels our best friend
in soft place well I think we have to go
to bed now now how does this Vinny's
work again really fast mode don't trick
your tip you if you first person to fall
off has to go to bed
and you have to sing a nice song we also
need to do that video at some point we
need to make friend new friend videos
well stop kicking my ball things alright
yeah took your legs in all right you
want to go fast you guys want to go fast
I'll show you fast I'll show you fast
I'll show you fast I think he picked out
all these comments if you have stinky
feet
