good morning Thank You Mia it's Monday
morning and up for the school run about
a seven so just calm down
maybe I just seen all her cards from all
her friends
well rosing one that's from that we
think Charlie you can say thank you to
all your friends today Jonathan laid all
of them at for her
still got tons we've got all her
presents here and like goodie bags it's
crazy yeah I know that's from a feeling
yeah I want to you can open it when you
get home from school okay I promise the
stress of having trying to get in the
air put her still Colt on which she
hates she hates everything
just dropped Emilia to school and
delivered her cake I had like a million
things I had to carry because she
wouldn't carry anything like it's such a
long walk but she didn't even need me to
like bring her in properly like she was
absolutely fine so so much better this
week I'm so much happier and I like know
a lot of the parents now like you know
to see so that was really cool
did you go swimming Wow
you didn't cry you did cry did you get
closer you get in trouble did you teach
you get cross with you Oh sometimes that
happens though like last night when you
were supposed to get into bed and then
you didn't get into bed and you went to
mommy and daddy's room all night long
did you get the daddy get cross you're
having a bit of a trouble time check
this out huh
isn't that like good this little couch
doesn't look smashing smashing smashing
check aside though found Abby's neck
lodge a peeve and that's the nest of
bees
cutting down this whole section here
maybe this already all gone mmm there it
is there you know you guys see that I'd
only get too close in case they're like
seeing me as a trash and eat me but look
we're gonna be able to get our own fresh
organic honey honey every morning now
what do that and they're crazy I think
they're bees right
they look like bees that's cool we
decided just to leave them there
just to not long moreover because like
we obviously were mowing the rest of the
grass but we just couldn't leaves in
there because bees bees are grand they
don't cause any trouble and they're
important
what's on the other hand are not
friendly wasps are not my friend that
mean they just bite you for the fun of
it they just go oh look there's a person
sting that's what I like there are
trolls of the flying insect world no
offense if there's any wasps watching
I'm just joking about you're wonderful
you're great please subscribe leave
comments wasps are great also happy is
Minh bark to all my friends celebrating
it it's today and I've also been editing
Amelia's birthday vlog all morning you
guys watch it it was the one yesterday
it was so cool there's so much of it I
didn't fill them but that was like the
best birthday ever
how are we gonna Trump that for Eduardo
and if you wants guess who's back back
again tell a friend
Amelia's back again right we are going
to see the bees no okay we're gonna walk
from here because they freak yeah okay
it's okay we're in the Bear Paw Paw gate
oh there's one there okay let's go it's
not alright hey so did you have fun in
school today
yeah did you get another sticker for
being a good girl you did give it to me
I just realized I'm actually wearing it
like I mean it got a sticker for being a
good girl do you see the bees you see
the way the ground is moving and you see
them all look at the mall there's so
many of them do you want to give me a
little kiss
just gifting my little a little pecker
do you want some honey we can have fresh
organic honey every morning now fresh
from the Beehive the hive is underneath
there it's an underground hive a beehive
that's a different kind of beehive
there's lots of different kinds of the
eyes before you have to be careful never
to go near this okay because if you
upset them they're they're really upset
but Oh ones flying at us
run run right exactly
let's go we can tell why - all about it
Oh kitty huh do you like how good the
garden looks
did you get presents oh I think I might
be able to help you Eduardo can help you
too it can be a teamwork teamwork
exercise isn't that cute another one is
that it's Francesca and Jessica's in
Australia at the moment excuse me hold
on we've got more no you don't want to
see any more I didn't see this one yeah
but we can help okay now now we're gonna
open this one at school yeah under ones
of these and you know in school they eat
it my careful why did you bring in your
malteaser chocolate birthday cake
yeah and shared it with all your friends
in class today did they sing happy
birthday
no I'll make it quick
Wow and did you know to meet this new
thing and did you know do you say that
all the time now yeah it's very cute
heading to the dentist
marvel lighting heading to the dentist
so jerky oh my god I just realized I
don't realize that on the school runs
because it's kind of like early in the
morning is dull but in the sunlight it
looks pretty bad because it's the white
cars
well anyway I just hate a solid so I'm
sure there's probably leaves in my teeth
wash them and I'm soaking on a mint
hopefully that helps I'm gonna swish
some water and in my math and trying
cleaner that's disgusting
sorry for the visual you have a baby you
know Tommy no why do you have a baby in
your tummy yeah oh do you want a baby
you know tell me more don't let me see
your baby I mean there hey baby do I
need to check in at least Leon
appointment
yeah and I'm in the hospital so change
is in the hospital okay let me check
your baby well you want to take the baby
out no good okay are you are you all
hoping it's a girl or a boy you want it
to be a girl okay well I have to check
Hey oh it looks like the baby's coming
to me I'm gonna have to get this your
doctor what kind of doctor have you
gotten this guy's crazy sort of a new
thing crazy obese whoa I noticed
he's crazy he walk all right dinnertime
dinnertime for everybody huh huh what
did you make us today is it Sassy's I
smell sausages sausages oh look it over
there and lots of bottles of risako we
just take one each
guzzles and then some leftover cake look
at those things look at them there now
they look like hamburgers like hamburger
cake or cookie stack see I'm not I'm not
a big like cookie or cake connoisseur so
I don't know what's in and whatever oh
she's got the skills to pay the bills
let's the drink is to get both
microwaves to stop at the same time our
food oh yes clothes make me for the kids
first no by the time we get it we get
secondhand food huh
all right ketchup catsup I've dropped
the baby literally oh jeez it keeps
coming
guardo's get new dogs in for us
you get druggies
there's poo-poos to the donkey steal poo
poos
you can you get two doggies in first
water you get the doggies you have to go
get the doggies please
what I'll be doing is e is that all you
soon
hello Albee
the big trampoline I don't know can you
go in the big trampoline Rosie and
Robbie found themselves in the Giant's
Castle you are the Giants yeah Rosie and
Robbie one how Giants oh no said Rosie
what are we going to - suddenly Robbie
had a plan
Robbie what's your plan to turn into a
monster a fire monster fire Montserrat
fireballs one is shower time always
crazy time what it's hot embrace the
heat my friend now it's cold when we
keep this close and I might stay hot
everything
welcome to story time home of the story
time can I take your order I don't get
covers I am just the narrator Rosie and
Robbie
alright if you're new to these videos
just to clarify their names are not
Rosie and Robbie
again just I can understand that I might
be confusing your ways get okay here we
go
Wilfred to the rescue
okay all right mrs. let's go books over
give it wardo hugs and kisses give it to
ours a cuddle and a kiss right you go
into mommy into mommy
give us our Wilfred book back give us
our well for both when you come back
around Wilfred she still want our
Wilfred book I heard a rumor that you
would like a little brother baby in
mommy come because the baby and mommy
tell me like a boy you want a little boy
one yeah yeah Wow
I heard that mommy told me you said that
that's very cute can I have a - you have
toots - I have teeth I hear - - and what
will we name your little brother what do
we mean the little boy well Rosie we
can't name the boy Rosie Rosie and
Robbie yeah if we have a baby girl and
the boy will call him Rosie and Robbie
yeah it's definitely just one baby so do
you want a brother or a sister do you
want a sister a boy or a girl
now may have well workout no Amelia
wants a girl but what does it water want
why don't want a boy a little boy and a
little brother for you to play with and
play cards with yeah yeah
Queen Elsa can come too
and Sophia and Belle an elephant a an
area there's a dinosaur and Dory my fans
love
