save them with no destination on the
open ocean singing where
when I think of all years I've been paid
just trying to drive my me through
you never left my I just have to wait my
daughter has a cannon good as I can go
you want me to push your chair okay no
problem
it is a Thursday morning here in the
surgery home did you watch it oh yeah
so we were watching the rest of we need
the plop this morning we need a plop
when you wait weren't we watching Peter
Rabbit day today guys hello there baby
so how's life its you lads how's it
going how are you today
are you having a good day or a bad day
because your days the place you get 10
times better ok maybe not 10 down there
disclaimer your life may not get better
at all watching this video or it might I
don't know that's all I can do for that
that's that that's as far as I can push
it but you've made a good choice coming
here hit the bell hit the subscribe
button like button favorite buttons add
the favorites do you guys want your
breakfast now is oach telling me hmm is
that you're telling me we'll go see what
we got for breakfast today guys oh let
us see guys I'll see what we got today
guys you're having lamb recipe are you
excited about this box
are you excited you go okay enjoy guys
what you want me to open it put it in a
bowl geez geez man guys it's the first
fab look baby look at my hair baby huh
in the calendar in the calendar oh my
goodness guys love 2,900 miles I've been
in this car we're about to roll over
we're not about to but we're gonna roll
over to three
and I got 17 miles of fuel out of fuel
that's the problem when a car that does
like five miles per gallon when you go
poop and then you go poop then you go
OOP now it's like one mile per gallon so
I've been wrapped and my toes have been
wrapped and I'm gonna go for a pink
light pink the light pink that I always
go for it number 27 in that it's called
the jail the jail the jail bottle ink or
the jail bottle come I never remember
what is called the jail bottle is
something where and it's number 27 the
light pink it's like mice not statement
my staple one not like I always get and
then I'm gonna get a hot pink on my toes
let's see if I can find it actually it
is quite a nice first of February
friends the Sun is in the sky the Sun oh
my goodness speaking of Sun right so
Anna is working on this campaign for a
company some of you may or may know who
I'm talking about when I revealed what
I'm going to say next right but this is
hilarious I know I was asked to go
somewhere now I wasn't aware of this I
probably wasn't worried is because they
were concerned that if I knew about this
I would make it happen we should be in
the Maldives right now guys I could be
no more these right now and I don't even
know I didn't even know this was a thing
this was a possibility but I saw a
couple of our friends were saying that
they were over there and I was like but
I was like I know you're you're in that
campaign how come you're not like oh
yeah yeah I was invited to go but
because you know feeding Alessia and we
wouldn't be able to go you were invited
to knows like oh I did you not see my
video about you know getting out there
this year and and doing more travel he
stuff
we were invited to the maldives ax and
he's like oh well she didn't say no
technically she couldn't go because
Valecia but i was like that's pretty
what it didn't tell me because I would
have been like no no no no we'll make it
work I'll find my mother and I'll find
my brother my sister I'll fly you out
that's why everyone we're making this
work
we didn't make working out all my friend
I'm here
then it's freezing I don't wanted to
share that with you you could have been
enjoying them all the users are so we
need to book your trip through all these
they need somehow I I'd be like no no no
we're making this work well we're going
to Cuba I don't know when Havana I want
I want to I want to go to Havana I don't
want to sing there have fun and that
song in Havana in 2018 that's it that's
all I want to achieve this year okay
that's it that's all I want some like it
cold some like it hot
so anyway exciting news I'm gonna bring
it right into rugby nine days old Chuck
I'm gonna bring it right in rugby but
then I just got a call from one of the
estate agents would you cheer Tom um I
heard that's mono did you get another
accident report form I mean you never
got one he's got he gets one every day
when it's good rugby so got a call from
my man one of the estate agents I think
we're using all of them he's like look
Jordan come and look at this thing
before it even goes out there so I'm
gonna drop it wardo to rugby pick up
Amelia
pick up an ax go back to get his water
from rugby and then go straight to see
this house because it has major
potential major potential guys this
could be yet I don't want to say this
could be it but Oh
oh my goodness I'm glad anyway wish me
luck and you don't you don't even have
to wait either way like in our hour and
do all these different names you can
just like sit there this is it's just
gonna be delivered to you ah somebody's
even ringing me right now okay
we have Emilia yeah now we just need to
go find mommy it's hi hi hi quite Rotter
like being in focus
it's better than being out of service
okay so we just picked Eduardo up from
rugby it's freezing and we're on our way
to see um for an impromptu house viewing
that was just set up kind of like a
couple of few hours ago
never you know he was really em their
luck anyway my own so
when you're 20 or 30 or I'm so gonna
sing that to you pirate
Eduardo hi all right guys this is the
house with the lock do you like this one
Eduardo do you like this one mm-hmm
mm-hmm
are you so lucky you said to Quixote
fine
oh god something good
she's delighted with herself unless he
has ready for her path now she didn't
eat very much tonight just I don't think
her tights with it what it normally is
is it and I kind of feel like I might be
penny gosh man I have a feeling that I'm
coming down with a cold not a terrible
one but I just have an inkling because I
just feel it at the back of my throat
and I have a headache today so I think
that's probably what Scott what's going
on
les is in the bath loving life I was
just thinking about something and this
is gonna sound really this is like very
superstitious of me and I'm not
generally a I'm not really superstitious
person but I do kind of like I listen to
like my own own intuition but I'm not I
wouldn't say I'm superstitious I'm
definitely not like I've never had any
experiences like ghosts or like I
wouldn't say I've had any signs from God
or I don't know like I'm I feel like
I've been unlucky or not unlucky but
like I'm not one of those people that
has you know loved was instead of passed
away come visit me or anything like that
even though
waited for it or like I've wanted to
experience something like that but I
just don't ever get anyone supernatural
signs or anything so I'm not like a big
believer in all of that stuff but I'm
open to it you know anyway so this is
gonna sound really like superstitious
and very kind of like maybe a little bit
weird but anyway I think for some reason
that with this whole like playing house
experience I feel like how to speak to
you and I don't know how because again I
just I don't generally believe in stuff
like that I don't know why but the house
that we saw today just spoke to me and
it was the first one like the first one
I think so far there was one house that
we saw like years ago like maybe two
years ago that I absolutely done love it
but it was like finished and like double
the price of what we can afford
I haven't ever had like a strong feeling
where like a house has just spoken to me
and being like I have this feeling where
it's just definitely the right house for
me until today and today the house that
you went to see it needs a lot of work
it needs renovations
it means refurbishment I know that but
at the same time something about the
structure the feeling that I got when I
walked in there I just felt really
peaceful and like everything was just
very chilled the Sun was setting as we
were going as we were viewing it and I
don't know I just felt really like at
peace I know it sounds really weird and
I don't usually talk like this because I
feel like I'm talking like a crazy
person but I did and like just I don't
know I instantly like made up my mind
that I really love the house I don't
know what way it's gonna go I don't know
how to feel what the future holds
and I don't know what if it's gonna work
out or not but that's how I felt and it
wasn't like walking into your dream
house and being like whoa this is
amazing it was walking into a house
where I was like yes I can actually
I feel like I can make this car home I
don't know why but it just feels right
Oh
