friends adorn it when you know when when
you gone into wonder for date night omen
outcomes looking after us we go to your
pup Club Vicky's walk yeah those in the
pond and those gold and blessings
yeah and then gold wet and you know that
an inductor a dog and all and that of
one Fenster and lions and you know they
have a wild about after puck
hello friends welcome to today we are
playing the spinny game we're just
waiting for Anna to get ready because we
have to go out the millions party is
tomorrow with loads and things so well
actually most of the stuff is organized
but there's a couple of things we need
to have prepare for last night we write
a parents social evening it was really
cool well it really fast
super mode fast asleep
where's comedian I please step on please
step back
okay one two three
we're heading into town to pick up some
last-minute supplies for immediate
birthday not so much her party does her
party's kind of sorted what there's a
birthday going on or something nope nope
is it open an auto birthday it's an open
an arrive up with presents in the cake
yeah I I need to get some ingredients
for her cake which isn't the cake that's
going to be at the party it's just like
the family mouriak history my mom always
made a cake on our birthdays I mean I
know she's getting like a way better
cake at the party but I just want to do
something anyway because I feel like too
hot
yes we're talking about a malteaser cake
this year guys yeah I'm excited about
this idea so I don't know I'm not a big
fan of cake as you know but how do you
like the Maltesers you like malteaser
cake media yeah
what did you say no oh yeah okay no
you're cheezer's are it's a democracy
who votes for Maltesers chocolate wardo
malteaser cake I'll show you in the shop
okay and you might change your mind
don't think she knows oh you can put it
on bunnies on the top little monkeys are
funny
Easter Easter tonight oh really think so
I think I'm special Elmo my Yankee yeah
yeah sure he hasn't left the house in a
couple of days he has just like whoa Wow
and that side
won't you get Maltesers guys you want a
tomato you want a tomato cake instead of
a malteaser cake you need to add the
bits guys the bits are tasty tasty bits
what all right now we need to get
something for media's partay
let's get something for the grown-ups
don't for the grown-ups what do you
think of me lady like that one you find
it out one yourself look at this one
comes in a box see I had a couple of
hours and I was like yeah we're bringing
the party and then we went last night
and in the course of like a couple of
hours at this parenting we went to like
about 6 or 7 mark Prosecco
she then I was like I need to be
evaluate the Prosecco needs so yeah
describe a few two big ones I reckon how
many like 5 or 6 in a movie
no no we're all set up to chocolate
doctor Prosecco I'm baking material we
are set for a party huh yummy yummy
picking Eduardo you know the rules get
eat those ones first
it's nice to be able to finally freely
talk about the factor for having a TV we
can finally tell people how are we
having a boy or girl
having a boy oh you excited bit oh
brother
Oh are we having a girl then you can say
oh girl
we have a boy a girl we have to send the
SMS baby back what if I can mommy saw me
and keep it in there until it turns into
a girl that's a--fun two girls one boy
Oh regular duardo nice having another
little Eduardo though we have another
little bit like wydo which is wider one
a brother a little brother beat up what
do you want a little sister
sister all right no pressure no pressure
but everyone appears to watching you
girl
oh this wicked I bought that squid bit
em in Sorrento because we bought him
before me was born we bought a little
doll for her and before guardo was born
in the Pinocchio shop we bought Eduardo
that Pinocchio shop was gone nobody
wanted to get like something for new
squid yeah so you got the little squid
bit yesterday anyway the other day we
were in where OPM we didn't sing all our
harmony test it's like it's new thing
but apparently yeah we're gonna we're
gonna find that the general very shortly
so today for lunch we went to ask
Italians and they gave me a mountain of
cheese it was like laughing because she
was like throwing a new Parmesan cheese
who thought I was like I think we're
good
you've got cheese in your country for
everybody and they got carbonara
carbonara and Jonathan got meatballs and
I was trying to outrun it he got like a
tasting plate finger enemy more there's
currently a fight so who gets to sit
beside mommy
no no I just just loads a room here
beside daddy if anyone's interested now
anyone with all this lovely lovely space
here guardo wait what if I give you a
meatball I sit beside daddy you want a
meatball all right we have come together
the chances to get some wrapping paper
for Amelia all right yeah what do you
want your presents wrapped in
go show mommy all wrapping paper you
want for your birthday tomorrow what oh
she can't no oh okay
forget oh look Yoga dogs Millie look
look
oh is the new ice Akane Jody scoundrei
oh that ish no that's nice why do I am I
supposed to be on monitor mo put them
into Rakesh mom he's gonna fire a rocket
leads down to rockets oh no he's got a
rocket oh wow look at this shop wonder
what's for sale in here oh my goodness
Rufus for sale the new immediate Eduardo
dome okay
I want one of those can I get one of
those mom uh-huh I got one of those what
up just part-time sales available before
I don't get a job oh we got wet is all
aboard I know I watch his wet oh no come
again another way because the old man
both his Helen come in their birthday
Robbie and Rosie were asleep on the
couch
Robbie was only pretending to be asleep
rosie was also pretending to be asleep
they had had a long day it's Rosie's
birthday tomorrow and Robbie has a
special present there's a knocking on
the door Rosie gets up hmm could be at
the door says Rosie I don't know says
Robbie shall we go find out
Rosie jumps off the couch to find out
who's knocking on the door Greg the
gorilla was coming over for a sleepover
Robbie and Greg are best friends
so it's shower time
Eduardo let me see your shower face hold
on I want to see your shower face
what squish your face squish your face
in
oh no why not water that's cause your
face against you guys you can keep this
different manage all the chickenpox is
cleared up as well which is like epic
weirdo squish your face against the
glass hello squish your name is princess
Sonya now Sonia Sonia hello princess
Sonya Oh princess Sonya I like your
dance moves are you practicing for
tomorrow yeah because it's my wedding
it's your birthday
one more sleepy me did you know that
this is your last
no princess Sonya princess Sonya do you
know that this is your last sleep as a
three-year-old the next time you wake up
you're gonna be for princess Sonya I am
reading the comments on this video
thank you very much they're very nice
comments princess Sonya is heading off
to the ball I think well I'm playing
there's a new black ops
mypac thing so I'm giving it an old
swirl and it's about to go downstairs
and bake a cake for tomorrow morning and
then we gotta wrap all the media's
presents and stuff like that
Eduardo say goodbye to three year old
Emilia yeah next time you see Amelia
she's gonna be four
mommy's gonna read your story now I'm
not allowed on there she wouldn't see me
come on she won't see me come on come
here Maggie I'm going at a birthday
present for you
I want any birthday present for you now
my hey Y all right all right all right
mate all right that's what my name is
Terry to tickle short my very hairy yeah
and when your friend my mate
Alana saying hello hello Terence
actually ah excuse me yes where's Kelly
- Terry's gone off for a minute now let
me give you a little bit of a a little
bit of a chicken eat our chicken a top
particular top but there's mass leaving
his house yeah and there's the boy even
cookies guys so I'm making Amelia's
birthday cake on a boat I do
have hair and now I look like I have
hair just a bit bit better okay so I'm
making an immediate cake and it's a new
recipe that I haven't made before and
it's kind of runny like really runny so
I'm kind of worried about it because
it's like super runny and usually for me
cake mixes are like obviously not as
thick as a cookie dough but I expect
them to be a little bit and just like
goopy er but not as runny is that so I'm
kind of nervous and it's a malteaser
cake so I really don't know how it's
going to go I got it from like a Polish
where I put it said it was from
Nigella's book I don't have them at
Gemma's book so I'm just kind of like
basing it off what they said on the
website so hopefully this works so I'm
going to put it into the to Sun or two
tins now and then put it in the oven for
25 minutes and pray that it works
because last time I made cupcake
with a really bad runny mixture they
didn't turn out like no one could eat
them they like wouldn't they wouldn't
cook through so I'm scared you were
already out Bianca just gonna let you
know you are with you so I think you're
lying you're not lying you're not lying
nope nope you're lying
the way you can go going to their lies I
need to let them air and like groups of
two's and no more than that because
otherwise they're just bark and like
they don't even want to grab to leave
they just don't plus trouble the
wrapping has been done the doggies have
been peed the baking has been done
there's a cake somewhere around here we
are ready to rock and roll
well done and making it fun done enough
done enough night lucky tonight boom
shake done how would I just melted them
in the microwave then cake hi friends it
is way too late as well so we're gonna
go hope you enjoyed today's video
presentation tomorrow Gia's birthday
party extravaganza
world renowned
I'm saying
I love
you
