okay that's wrong lengthways hello
friends it is the 16th of July 2016
would you believe and last night we
found out something very interesting
we're pregnant
well she's pregnant I'm not pregnant
God baby am i told me mommy's gonna have
a baby Amelia huh yeah she was so
excited when I told her that she tell
her yeah I told you not to tell her no
but I told her she can only tell who can
you only tell ya
only the family yeah this is why I don't
know oh no not Luke even though blue
ain't obvious mom already knows yes
Sabrina knows that's why they were
asking what about Sabrina I said yes
Sabrina's fine and then they said what
about Louie and stuffy and I said no so
we'll say this kind of it is kind of
scary
at the same time you know cause what
happened last time but we gotta just try
and think positively um if you're
watching this clip hopefully that means
everything's gone well do your job it's
not my we on it it's got whoa he's
Lily's mom we did pee pee so much what
it's your cheat wardo it was last night
when I was at hunting Pokemon I went and
I brought the pregnancy test friends
good news okay I'll see you in the
future
hello friends I'm not really sure they
also tend to valgus and it is 10:00 to
2:00 and we have come to get a scan done
we're both very nervous because this is
exactly what happened last time we went
to get the scan done and then we got to
scan done and we found it there was a
problem so we're both terrified about
going in here today to get a scan but em
we're supposed to go into London this
morning to get it done then because the
train strike is on at the moment we
weren't able to do it I have to make
some calls eventually we got someone
here to fit us in so we're gonna go
inside and get a scan I'm I'm so
interested this okay dr. Ravin last time
it's like Schrodinger's cat if I don't
go in everything's great and if I don't
go in everything's not great at least
except at this station huh still quick
it's still quite early but the baby is
perfectly healthy and fine hmm fingers
crossed
I gotta wait till 12 weeks to really
feel like confident yeah you know why
now how many God we came out here today
huh hmm we might be having a better face
okay so is about a week or two since we
got the scan done and I'm gonna try we
have this Doppler and we're gonna see if
we can hear the heartbeat for the kiddos
and see if they can actually hear the
heartbeat too so it's really hard that
she worked these Doppler so we may not
actually be able to hear anything
are you insane he's 23 yeah
don't bring the Jaguar doe the first
thing we do is he'd pop some innocent
mommy
sounds like the way to play your pop
yeah like that so we couldn't find it
but that does not i'm not concerned we
have another scan coming up soon I just
thought it'd be cool if the kids get
here these are dangerous devices by the
way I don't recommend buying one okay
see you in a while all right let's go
back here again
so do you think the pink it's very
common
are very common we went back to the room
to the EP you exactly with the same girl
that told us last time about squid and
that it didn't work out
so we were both quite anxious you know
to check it out but little fella is
chilling like a villain and has
progressed a lot right yeah yeah so nine
point nine millimeters - sixteen
that's good girl and she said like look
you know she says you can quietly you
know be confident now that you know
you're you know normally if they're
gonna fail they would've failed by now
you know in the fact that this little
guy is - like driving along and growing
and everything so I'm feeling quietly
confident that everything is hopefully
gonna be okay my goodness I'm excited
I'm feel like I'm starting to get
excited I feel like I'm starting to
believe that we're actually having
another baby
you know yeah it says here singleton
pregnancy
yes did the singleton as well she did
when she pulled it it was an internal
probe and then when she moved it around
I could see the ovaries which looks
similar to an a pregnancy sac or your
womb thing I was like for a second I was
like oh no it's a BOGO it's not a BOGO
it was a BOGO anyway that's exciting
you got it's not mommy's tummy
yeah that's mommy's tummy and there's a
little baby in there do you see it there
look it's a dare look yeah but what was
it different
yeah well that's a far away picture and
that's a close-up picture what do you
think right we're gonna find out okay so
what do you think so we can lo we can
cut back to this video someday you think
mommy's gonna have a boy or a girl a
girl I don't know you can't just give
gets cheating
that's cheating cuz then either way you
can say you all right
well I tell you what in our new house
you're going to get a playroom other are
we going to get a cup for the baby that
can be obstacle to make a baby more
sleeper pick up a cholera very much and
cut your enemy your baby you tell me we
don't say it on the camera because they
don't know yet
all right anyway would you like that in
our new house to have a playroom yeah
baby okay baby
I'm ready I'm ready
come here yeah that's nice nice
raspberry blackberry the family stars
lack of last day awesome ones are you
buddy
this is pretty cute I needed help I am
bus I love your earmuffs and old shops
and we are back from Sorrento and it is
September lads and we got another
another another scan as you can see here
little baby is well happy in this tummy
right here baby is right here we're
actually on our way to a house a
parent-teacher meeting but it's just
like this social a social evening for
immediate friends for the new school
anyway we're pregnant friends we're in
the second trimester we are driving
along we're doing really well it's been
crazy because we've been pregnant for a
few months now we've known so it's
amazing now to like I'm not as nervous
anymore I'm feeling like this is
happening I still feel nervous every
time I see you scan we are back we're
going to find out the gender of this
child in a couple of days as well that's
gonna be crazy and we're coming up with
an idea that maybe Anna finds out and
doesn't tell me and then make some point
a kid or the kids or something ringing
is some what we're gonna find out the
gender in the next few days it's going
to be crazy we're heading off now so
hooray surprise thanks guys for being
great friends leave comments and likes
and favorites below and join us as we
make another human by friends
we are getting
