just dropped Emilia to school second day
and said goodbye to her today was much
much easier she was really happy and she
was still a bit shy she was kind of on
her own but she was playing with the
play-doh and one of the teachers was
kind of playing with her so I think it
went really well so I'm really happy for
her
good morning mr. good morning mr. like
you snuck into our bed last night hmm
look you snuck into our bed last night
it's my little list mr. man what you
usually get the mommy and daddy's bed
last night did you
Oh donkeys are parking ow ow no that
isn't the school one under school right
discuss the school right did you just
give these are you pinching me Georgia
breakfast hmm do you want some lunch
yeah dancing dinner you want a snack No
I'll go wall box camera and we're home
and one thing though that absolutely
like maybe want to start I thought I was
going to start crying in there again is
this little boy was like all the little
boys are so attached to their mom even
when I talk about I start crying because
I think about Eduardo and April this
little boy was like crying non-stop I
wouldn't leave his mom oh my god and I
was literally like oh my god I'm gonna
start crying his mom wasn't crying she's
probably like used to it I don't know
because this is like their second year
in there I mean it's just joining like
later but um oh my god I literally it
like his the sound of him crying and
like she left in the end and like I
could see there was like a one of the
teachers had him but he was still crying
she was trying to like Canon down the
sound of him crying like resonated with
me all who I would like as I park quite
far away when I was walking back to my
car that kind of thing makes me stops
that like even if it's not my child it
just makes me so bad
my god Lucy's back do you know that I've
been waiting in the gardens like two
weeks I have eaten a lot of cheese and
chocolate no I mean I tried ice cream
and I drank a lot of mojitos everyday
yeah they were virgin no no there's a
mixture and then a lot of Prosecco is in
a lot of sitting so I'm really excited
for this burpees yeah but you didn't
hurry Eduardo up those stairs
I did we can I say every day we never
took a lift I carries whiteout that's
what
say okay to our atom media once you're a
poser oh yeah hey me inator then I got
sick
yeah no I also want fishing it's a
Russian five block moron fishermen yeah
that's why I see that I got a bit of red
in my beard that's you know you're a
proper fishing and you need a little bit
of red in the beard so funny do you get
seasick no nobody's got some sort of
viral infection though yeah wasn't
seasick these fish that were like
glittery tiny like little like goldfish
like fake fish there are two rows are
back in because I felt bad why didn't I
try try knocking I was like like looking
in the pocket right
I look up a chair and all I'm seeking up
you know Finding Nemo you don't find
anymore when I catch them on roll I go
by and I'm like okay you can go free
but then one of them right I tried to
save one and I picked the open I trim
into the sea and the sea people just
came down Adam I was like no I got when
I think yeah yeah I've reached that
point where have you come to beardy hmm
oh hello oh hi there
how are you doing oh I'm wonderful
thanks thanks Rach and how's your day go
oh you know going all right half and
half get out after I get up oh no you
know jokes ending hello hello hello oh
god I miss cut okay
I thought you'd use me but huh
what
feel the pain feeling pain oh what's
that over there so I just collected
Amelia from school did you have lunch
for your teacher's name everything bad
back
yeah well look we got a present in me
there look it's a book from our friend
Naomi my oh me me Naomi
hi Ana Jonathan I hope you enjoy reading
our met I'm menu recipes how come I have
ended up carrying the school bag and the
books well this isn't a school book
might be something will be Iommi you
should get that in the syllabus Oh Naomi
your book is coming in handy for a
canasa visa so can all Steam users
Bernie's like floating tripods is it a
drone okay can I can I let it go it will
it fly
nope it's not a drone but it can be used
as a tripod you should buy one so
media's back from school and now we're
gonna pick an outfit okay yeah yeah you
know there's matches my other dolly yeah
it does he go donkey they're my shoes
wow that's good running Melia did you
tell me about how you ate all your lunch
Amelia I came home today with the empty
lunch bag don't you yeah like I feel my
legs cut oh are they supposed to be
caught but I still eat them without
cutting oops I eat it with cotton budget
I didn't matter I guess it couldn't work
out um
because I wanted to feel what inside you
have a pair of the white inside I'm
going you meant to cut the grapes in
half
sorry back was you teach your cross yeah
good um I just I just done what she said
to me
mm-hmm that that's what that one need to
listen to teachers or mommies or daddies
I have my own makeup now maybe for ten
minutes
okay did you miss me no oh yeah sorry
no other you're right and I just put it
what man my leg I just take it out like
this part one there's someone else's
that don't forget Bachrach do it
oh that was nice of you and I just won
cricket so you can see oh I wish I could
fly in the ass like a bat yeah I
repented that's with a - I would and how
I could and the wind was blowing ah ah
Jesus - oh yes that's why I want apply
light subtitle because input eyes her
long hair and did college money
themselves seekers nearly touch just
trying to take a fly down ah that's
right that's why I let my neck for
pennies on having no that's all so much
and I had the birthday yeah Penda you
know and my musical a boy said I'm gonna
be in April having my birthday like a
wacko
Wow huh don't step on him now
Oh oh no oh no a better terrible mistake
guess on Gaston guess I'm what are you
doing
guess not guess not okay put your hand
there put your flexing up or you don't
think put your little finger and he'll
run up your little finger it's pretty
nothing Homefront put your own finger in
front
I already did do it look put your finger
that what hmm so mommy's hand Amelia
sometimes they fly if you put them on
your oh they can't they can't fly later
birds can fly yeah I can fly into your
ears at night when you're asleep lay
eggs really get it off hmm all right now
Gaston is in charge but we're not here
okay
so whatever Gaston says goes all right
and make sure gas-- song gets Eduardo up
from his nap okay hey are you going to
ladybirds in charge
don't walk into the light
I'm being on it all trained in a while
actually you know this is a chain to
Rome to Naples almost as I fell up the
stairs I'm just ready know is because I
went I passed passed you to take it and
then I like tipped you as I passed your
ticket now sorry I don't then I kind of
fell forward onto the ground but we knew
it already had like a miniature strain
and you run the train to London hemming
London and BA in sorrento got a good
indie like boring meetings and stuff
till every day and bring a jacket or
anything you buy driving it's just for
like you are indoors
for a second I saw myself in the screen
I was like not wearing a minute
what do you think what do you think are
they gonna take the cart are you going
to actually dig don't--it's card oh I
took the card I called it so much has
changed there's new sign that I don't
even recognize the place
oh look like I fell over circa okay sir
can I help you Oh
regular spot pret regulars again
remember we went in a time for the
hotfoot
regular they call wrestlers regular
cracked pepper and I got egg
nice this is my dinner this is my dinner
this is not a flat white I asked him for
the copy in the smallest cup because
imagine you order coffee becoming like
giant cups and you can only ever take a
small amount of it
I don't want to like an espresso one
espresso with some added water but not
too much that's like when you order when
you get an espresso machine II made
about like that much that's enough
you don't really like a pointy bush
fruit salad and then we bake well and
then
we got in super area we have like I'll
talk to you by now in 45 minutes
we've got this situation now
busy day at the office a boy all right
run a little Vic sorry we got untrained
simply here train station with giant
hoop again and it's talking about those
charity loops anyway hopefully the Lady
Bird Gaston has not put a meeting
AdWords Abed
I think he may put them in the shower
and wash them but hopefully the lady
we're not someone in Tibet you know we
want to see our kiddos before they go to
bed so three bridges hello we made it
home do you think you're not gonna make
it home did you hear me come yeah I did
you we open I come upstairs to you huh
baby mommy mommy downstairs she just got
home
did you miss us did you miss us
mmm excited for school again tomorrow
again two more thieves in there bye
puppy it's your birthday and then what
comes after your birthday Playhouse and
then whose birthday is it
oh wow this birthday and then use
parties to language birthday and Danny
whose birthday is it
Oh Sophia's birthday and then who's
pretty is it
last year's birthday and Danny's
birthday is it yeah yourself be
Ophelia's birthday
no no oh is that you having a birthday
full valiance time for your bath oh my
party is actually round Valentine's Day
do you know everyone's birthdays in the
house no but I'm in your space
I'm gain weight so mommy's tummy
what's a nice the baby is not what baby
your baby mommy's home
where's the baby in mommy's tummy ah
the to click video
hi I'm good that no
my whole career
but the you came my way no stop
