good morning good morning friends we're
back in England by the way oh yeah we
are um we just dropped a media of school
for her first day it was really
emotional and I tried not to cry like I
didn't cry in front of her anything but
like I had to just like leave really
fast cuz like anything I need to go I
didn't want to start crying in front of
everybody cuz like literally no one else
was crying so I was like okay I don't
want to be like the only one it's
probably because I was doing all the pre
skills no it's not I didn't have that
same feeling the last time me because I
was there her first day I was there her
first day and I was just like she's
gonna be fine but this time she didn't
want us to go out now she isn't it
nervous us out like when we bring it y
know I'm gonna be there you are guys
little little fella like oh my god I'm
like all the boys were like holding on
to their mommy I know how the girls like
see it I asked oh my god it is so hard
yeah I know I made clothes and new
friends I did I'm we collected today
should be in a home betrayal it's gonna
be unleashed you why because she's not
like that she's like she's tough yeah
and she just sucked her up I just felt
like I didn't even I couldn't even like
talk to anybody public so so like
emotional like not myself you know but
it's fine because there's like a parents
evening thing like a social evening
thing
soon so it's like a more relaxed setting
where like there's drinks there's no
children I'm like no like emotion so
it's like Oh mister hello hey no I mean
he has gone to school huh come here to
me so small disclaimer we actually left
Sorrento a couple of days ago um but we
needed a couple of days to get home and
sort and we get going to school and
getting all that ready and a couple of
other things so um yeah some people may
have noticed some people may not have
noticed but in during that time then
cetera during that time look what has
come of this little fella huh he's all
boxed he's got the pox you got the
chicken pox weirdo oh no I can't
well we broke cream on last night you go
cream on night time hmm you got chicken
pox everywhere but it's good it's over
wait now hmm huh puck see when I got the
pox ey don't get the puck seize the
winning blow me back so most of you
already know that i mean--is having a
big party this year a big birthday party
cuz she's obviously she's turning four
and she's joining a new school and
because her birthday is so early in the
year like as in the school year she's I
think the first um the first birthday of
the in her class so and she doesn't know
anybody I wanted to do like a pretty big
one because I kind of wanted for her to
get to know everybody and for us to get
to know everybody as well because
they're going to be in school together
until they're like 11 I think so I
thought it would be good like icebreaker
which is kind of a bone because it's a
frozen party but anyway um I don't know
why don't mix me up so much was goodness
like it was on the tip of my tongue
today when the party planners were here
I was like oh he's gonna be a good
icebreaker and then I like stop myself
from saying it cuz I thought I was gonna
start laughing I'm so sad it was
actually really nice today because
everybody like was saying hello to like
all the parents like knew who I was
because I'm we're like the only new
people joining um and they knew who I
was because of the invitation so that
was kind of cool so it was a good
icebreaker I'm back from big school
she's back from big school how was it
Amelia what don't tour the snow and so
we met at Amelia's wedding planner felt
like a wedding planner and your party is
going to be amazing and then else that
are actually coming to Google actors and
sub coming this party it's gonna be in
great it's an interactive immersive
frozen experience oh yeah
so when mommy and daddy dropped you off
for you nervous was it scary being in
the new school no sometimes it is scary
though when you're in a new place and
you don't know all the people but
they're really nice aren't they yeah by
now you yeah you know them now you now
have no the new best friends what are
any boys in your class yeah what okay we
need to stay away from the boys all
right Bryce I get so away from
did you sit beside a boy did you get his
phone number are you going are you going
on a date what are you gonna get married
what okay your first day was pretty
intense
okay you already have a boyfriend you're
getting married
Eduardo's trying to bite me these
chickenpox that made him go crazy
he's got the avian flu yeah the poke of
you both of you get off me anyway I've
got some good news though guess what you
get to go to school again tomorrow and
for the next 12 years huh the novel team
a way out we're off at some point what
is that is that what they teaching is
out there teaching it how do i make
boyfriends and make funny faces
my name is Cedric Cedric Eric students
approached me episode 52 potential Oh Oh
Cedric has now landed outside the door
of Eduardo room we must go get him come
on yeah we'll go together
yeah we'll go together Cedric
Amelia is about to give you a kiss yeah
yeah that's we said he once he said he
wanted hey Cedric Cedric Cedric okay
the dip did it did it did it again Wow
look at the Amalfi Coast well you can
seek a pretty name we all cappy's up
here your mouth is that way in Positano
and we got back there and this way
Naples 5su vias
entry form whoa guys I'm gonna go get
Cedric and bring him here okay all right
hold on let me go get that wreck
there you are Cedric oh thank you Khalil
you wanna see Cedric you
Ilia
don't be afraid of Cedric okay okay huh
no no no put that in the pillow honey
what are you doing put down the pillow
you're gonna scare Fletcher here prove
the pillow at it away I can't look look
like it's in my hand
come here come here look come here look
always moving quickly quickly before he
means Oh No your face hmm Eduardo feelin
no wait oh boy boy for dinner tonight
we're having paella kind of head class
imagine the car around her they don't
eat today
don't forget we're usually your day they
put on my dances go don't chase alright
come on open mike gilliam idea where
your nothing not the TV show original
movie you know that Google day and then
they turn to rain music off yeah yeah
we're talking a music then he gets up
anybody anybody in there at all let me
on this one oh just admiring or denied
and so are they hey yeah yeah I heard
you did wee-wees on Helen did you do
riri-san hello
did you do any Sun headed so Nevaeh has
a conference
Nevaeh has a nervous problem that's why
we called her nervous Nevaeh she wheeze
on people when she gets scared which is
not very pleasant for the person that
she's weighing on but you know yeah yeah
what clothing clothes they know they
they see you is it shower time widow
what yeah well I'm just H are you gonna
go into the sea yeah you're gonna hit
the shower the rainforest shower why
with the sprayer yeah okay come on let's
go get your sister there's a lunch box
for a school
it's so cute no have you made it no oh
yeah I'm just kidding so cute though
your lunch is ready for school
all right mate let's go and going to I
where are we going I think we're gonna
have a rain forest a rain forest game
Howie I want okay on to the iPads ipad
time iPad time five minutes of iPad time
here's one that's his iPad run the iPad
run face look at these little grown-ups
didn't even take BOTS anymore now huh
huh hello what you can run the camera
can't go in there were no I can't even
see you
oh we're just chillin oh hello where's
the daddy I'm the daddy good all right
make sure to wash your bum bums I don't
want to see stinky bum bums you know key
under stairs in here what's going on
mister what's going on Oh
are you just leaving your room ya think
you're supposed to be in bed mr. Melamed
always another story
wait you three stories did mommy put you
to bed a minute ago jump and see when we
go away
five stories you want daddy to read you
another story now or six stories your
left a tolerance level feel oh you're
gonna be a hairdresser you're gonna make
daddy - daddy's nice hair do you think
are we twins 10-pack are we twinning
kingbach are you take a box write them
no hopefully they'll be gone soon
no it's a good you got it over with why
no it's good to get it over with
yeah you have none not even one on his
legs let go I know your legs are immune
you have an airway there are four
mosquito bites on one mosquito bite look
at this thing here in his neck things
vicious like cuz I think it's just dog
just a really nasty and then he got
bitten in his ear and then he'll bite
behind the back of his leg here
somewhere it's in my ear
you know but the rest of them is on
chickenpox
yeah okay we'll check there thank you
don't have me okay well anyway let's go
back to bed
what exactly is going on in here
are you not ever going to bed too much
even when you watching TV watching
Kardashians and mommy with Albie
alveta mommy this nighttime why they
want to get that
goodnight doggy friends have an ice
cream time so let's treat somewhere
and my friends see you tomorrow
