good morning friends welcome to this wit
Votto and Daddy wanna eat some cheese
you slap me on face you're such a
disgrace of a son I'm gonna put you back
inside mommy spawn is that what you want
you happy
so everyone each except for me because
venture is no longer than 39 and if I
head to the beach it's just gonna get
too hot okay all right we are on the
school run are you ready for the school
run this is my first time taking the
Beach lift only because I'm poorly and
I'm dropping the kids off and you know
what I was like some of you guys have
never seen this but there's a secret the
school Beach run all right and the
little man with the bird so you guys
never seen last year you would have seen
the beach we were a bit lazier last year
huh Oh guys guys guys guys
cuckoo cuckoo we're gonna have the
ultimate elevator party all right
are we in alright this one please
are we ready guys for the ultimate
elevator party mari three that I didn't
tell you but I did I know vignette
because I got a very lucky the echo
tunnel this is the ultimate echo tunnel
guys oh my goodness
oh my goodness
Amelia Amelia Amelia Amelia me come on
back here you know I see a lot of
comments all the time we're in Sorrento
people always like oh you guys are
boring and you do the same thing every
single day and stuff like that it's like
Eduardo come on
okay fine word out it's kind of like I
know there's something like this is not
dissing or anything about other
youtubers that make content that is like
super exciting what some you know you
watch certain channels for certain
content you don't I mean like yeah I
could like rent helicopters and fly to
Capri and go jet skiing and scuba diving
and all crazy stuff like that but then
that wouldn't be real because if I
wasn't vlogging I wouldn't be doing that
so I always trying to make Saucony
Jolie's video diary of what are we doing
if I wasn't flogging you know what I
mean so it's like I know we joke about
do it for the vlog but I don't want to
do anything for the vlog I just kind of
like live my life like we a couple of
months ago we were actually not even
going to bring the vlog in Sorrento I
know and then we planned
I know come on keep going we'd actually
planned like main channel videos for
every single day while we were here so
you guys can get a video every single
day while we're here but it wouldn't
have been a daily vlog um and then you
know as I'm coming closer everyone the
comments and it was like I can't with
this America which is right and I was
like our vlogs are really what I would
be doing if the camera wasn't here I
don't see the camera as me trying to be
cool I never try and be cool on my
videos I'm just trying to show like an
honest representation of our family
holiday and this is what we do every day
and our family holiday
you know and if you want to watch a
channel where we fly helicopters and go
jet skiing and scuba diving and cruel
stuff and put our flip-flops in the sea
no no they're just probably a channel on
YouTube that does exactly that but our
channel isn't really like that it's like
family like a media if you about to lose
them oh no quickly grab them and the
other one mm-hmm monkey so we're trying
to head like all the way over there
behind the green one into the red one
we've gotten stuck here all right you
guys go I'll carry everything I guess
into dads are for Oh
Naoko I found a wild Eduardo he call me
Stewart fee or can you do it by yourself
let me see he likes apple juice and
apples not right for your snack right
mommy's gonna see you can start from
this side here where you started okay
it's easier so Alexandre Sophia's mom
got the kids an ice cream or a nice
Holly that they're sharing Amelia
that's disgusting
yeah you can sit there sit on the bed
and share it good at were those things I
first didn't want to taste it and now
he's developed a taste for it it's cute
kind of sharing him
whoops-a-daisy or delicious is that
yours
no sit on the bed otherwise it's going
to fall
forty-two for counting steps 43 44 well
does a big one
45 46 47 let's see if we can get to
Alma's age 48 49 50 that's Alma's age
just kidding 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59
60 over age 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 ah
69 whoa I mean even 69 steps let's see
if we can get 70 okay do you guys think
we're gonna make it to 100 I'm like
literally sorry and it was more than
that because we always talk show to
Canton later on I forgot where we were
um 85 you know let's just say we get
1200 cake me one eighty two three four
five six seven great and nine ninety
okay 99 100 he made a job hundred steps
this isn't just how to wake the kids up
after it enough gotta get a good spin it
on the go now do you feel oh wait do you
guys feel awake after your nap now we
don't you go now alright we're gonna
have to go on to Maximum Overdrive right
leather hey hey here we go
maximum over try
ah take off your makeup we make it up do
we feel awake again
okay ah look at that now isn't that just
second Dodge
it's a gorgeous Lance does governor just
get this little monkey man over here hmm
the grown-ups are ready the children are
not how are you what are you ready all
right disclaimer I am in a dressing gown
oh no I have a short son I knew I had
something oh I keep forgetting to show
you guys a book I'm like the first day I
said I was gonna show people on snapchat
what's inside this Ballet Russe book I
should probably show you guys some day
some day in the future we're gonna be
here for a hundred years so there's no
rush we're all going for a drive oh yeah
yeah yeah we'd all fit are we all going
for a drive
I guess you Casey I'm Chuck Hardy okay
you're putting your pudding has come
though do you want chocolate ice cream
you can meet back after the chocolate
ice cream who is in trouble well ready
they're like okay animals
we did not cook
bellissimo CD in italiano yeah there's
some end-of-the-night
activity going on here huh what is this
oh hey guys yeah yeah take all the kids
bye everybody
feel like like how is it oh yeah that's
your room is ruined thank you good bye
me yeah look at these two monkeys do you
have shoes on yep let's go let's go
let's go let's go let's go oh my
goodness you guys are crazy
okay the situation without escalated
there's now multiple children jumping
around
oh yeah okay it's actually got a foot to
the face right there really with another
one okay this is getting dangerous what
nope okay this is getting just getting
out of control
I mean yeah I know but you didn't know
I'm will set off the bench okay okay
okay
what my face on every page of every play
like I want to sing for you too
like I can burn it
the table
light shines
