good morning friend we are headed to
breakfast without Jonathan because he's
feeling ruther Ayla yeah I don't think
he really wants to eat when men get ill
it's like the plague is arrived
seriously it's the same type it wears
off when I'm eating a knife at Ellis
like
no big problem but when it Wordle and
Jonathan do the world send it probably
in their room still let's see if we can
slot oh ma come on pick up
okay that's fine oh oh ma yeah we got
breakfast obviously what did you get for
it if I was having some strawberries
banana and cereal and what are you
having
melon good girl hmm right we're going
down to the beach now yeah well be
careful cuz Sophia fell there yesterday
I'd rather you didn't do that okay good
girl now I have a job that was a big
jump here
so we're going heading down to the beach
I think oh man Eric are probably already
there and let's see maybe you can see
them I kind of have no idea I think they
are Hanwha what my guy you can block
yeah and we got lots of snacks from the
bar from the club lounge okay okay um in
the mornings I need to fish it all
orange melon because that's the only
melon that she would eat hello friends
oh my goodness last night I got a
temperature attorney 9.40 that's some
sort of a viral infection from something
I don't know I think I'm gonna try to do
too much yesterday or something or maybe
when I was out or maybe I got a chill I
don't know what happened but it came on
like in the morning time and then I took
some self meetings and stuff and then um
it went on but I don't know okay what I
did to myself what I understand at the
beach with the kiddos I'm on my way down
now here we go to you soon a second it's
funny how before I had children if I had
stuck it tomorrow in my ear I wouldn't
know understood what that meant you know
but after having kids I now know what
temperatures mean what and when you have
a temperature and when neck you don't
have a temperature and stuff so that was
handy haha
being sick on holiday is like the worst
it's like so unfair
five five years
one day day one like torture being at a
beach but I'm like trying to stay out of
the Sun ha ha ha I'm just sitting here
in the shade and I'm not going to go in
to see either so torture the torturing
situation
hey India and Wendy daddy where'd you
get it oh oh look I keep they are like
baby oh man the kids they are taking the
lift up on my shopping I take the stairs
you do it every single day it's about
about 2,000 steps I think to treat heads
and steps going down is not difficult
going up extremely difficult and the vid
waters with me he makes me carry him
which today is not the day where I want
to be carrying it for it out I don't
know if the energy board go your mom's
taking the kids in the lift I were at
the restaurant and it's nice to monkeys
again the welcoming committee and the
hotel again imagine going to a hotel
asila monkey sitting there welcoming you
it
I love you have reservation kids hotel
tonight a movie or something
kids hotel or such as the dream I just
had
right Amenia is now put stickers on all
the cutlery and the plates where else
you gonna put stickers haha oh you wanna
do you want the magic ones
oh and copy okay we're gonna show all
our friends when I take the sticker off
the fork we're gonna show all our
friends how good we are at eating this
one big piece of tomato let's go and
then you get the special magic wand come
on now you want the special magic wand
don't you five four three two good girl
Thank You Amelia this looking fella is
the hugest a fella in all the land until
you just woke up and he just looked over
at me hmm I was sitting here editing the
video presentation ya wanna go outside
wha see ya who is it yeah it's mommy and
I bill
when Erica aren't outside owners are in
their room
mommy's here
this is a cute little ad love you
hmm you cute little ad yeah my two girls
huh boys whatever whatever
doo doo doo joon yeah okay so we fail
yesterday we're taking the photograph
for our transition because dingy you're
so poorly you can't be mean to me oh I
wish I was faking it
well probably I mean dramatic me and
Eduardo we're very dramatic
anyway we failed in doing the picture
yesterday so we're gonna take it today
won't really make a difference I did
print it yesterday though no no no no no
no no no no trying to snack okay see you
outside there you go you can see outside
oh man Eric aren't here oh you mean our
oma for breakfast I think he thinks it's
breakfast time that's where we have our
breakfast every morning
Oh to the wedding is a nice part oh it's
not morning time it's evening time
that's what we sunbed and that's where
we swim and that's where we eat mm-hmm
and that's where we sleep
that's the process where's your boat was
it one of those ones come on let's go
side right look at this ridiculous
ridiculous isms hmm which already worn
out side now we established oh man Derek
aren't here few days ago I went in and I
got the picture printed this is like we
put it in a white frame this year oh you
can see that and you have it in a white
frame this year I'm thinking of right
here will be kind of cool for the
picture this year cuz I learned it in
the same place right there like that
always look there we go picture taken
boom where cuz look it kind of matches
and with the whole thing so we're just
getting ready to take the photo
good Wireless getting his game face on
you getting your game face on wardo so
just find any I'm amazed me yes Freddie
look at all that and say cheese gee
dragged off you like that oh man not me
pretend I'm not here
what why don't look oh my
same cheese jeez hell okay alright we'll
do a funny face
ready ready funny face - Kate your
tongue funny face all right kiddos are
gone out with OMA and Erica to go to a
restaurant that has bunny rabbits in it
you know that don't thing is a
restaurant don't think Erica said it was
a restaurant there's actual bunnies no I
thought it was you do know they going to
playground what you mean it's been very
excited about we are going out on date
night we're gonna in the vlog here
because this cameras very heavy and that
would be too heavy to carry around
anyway hope you enjoyed the video
friends thank you
thanks for mining me five years ago yeah
welcome I'm wearing white stay in your
in on earth what tribe are white every
year did you notice did you like nothing
being here go back and look at the
pictures ya know we've been in sorrento
not the first to really more great first
year is like 40 weeks pregnant right in
yeah yeah in court second year i was
some how many weeks pregnant but I had
it worked with my belly since second
year and we were in quark never love it
three years and
and three years of been wearing a white
dress oh because I saw a white and blue
as a teen so I went to whiten friend if
I go free this is cream ring
well that's what I was thinking because
I was like but that's cream you like it
yeah you look good in anything anyway my
friends I'll see you guys tomorrow hope
you enjoyed this video presentation hit
the likes do to comments I was printing
a instagramers on printing printing
