like
hey guys
slightly concerned there is a van parked
outside my driveway I need to get out oh
oh my god
oh you can't close up in here one
annoying dude oh maybe you can educate
me on my car we don't know anything
about it uh yeah I just need there's
like a little button here I just need it
he moved his car for me and she ended up
directing me out so that I knew pep so
that I knew if there was any car is
coming that's why I'm in today but yeah
he ended up being it ended up being
quite handy actually somebody there I
don't know what was going on with my
makeup you know what I do I'm running
out of things and I'm kind of like
trying to fix stuff that why are we
scary okay thanks I ran out of eyeshadow
primer so I've been using face primer
which isn't working very well on my
mixed with concealer on my eyelids and
it just doesn't really work properly and
some way you can't really see but like
my eyeshadow just isn't staying on um I
knew there's my eyeliner it's bad it's
really bad
what did we do before eyeshadow primer
is like it makes you think doesn't it
like no wonder our makeup all of crap at
least mine did like no as a teenager and
stuff it just didn't stay on and then
and then the other thing that ran out
was concealer and I always hate when I
have to use like a liquid concealer
instead it just looks good because the
one I use is the bareMinerals one and I
don't like their liquid one first of all
I have it in a shade that's too dark for
me so I just took orange and yeah I'm
just not happy with my makeup right now
but anyway
we are gonna go inside now my son who
says that looks more certain what's that
from you know what movie that was from
do you remember he says that it's more
Sun because the pirate
it's the gorilla from sing remember he's
like that's my son you're so funny
Eduardo hey my goodness there's a
monster inside
hello there you know there are less yeah
how's it going
what you up to oh you stink do you think
her oh he's your little friend there
that your little baby sister
baby if you got baby sister baby get
your baby this yeah
come on your baby sister needs you look
girl okay so pick her up
you should change my nappy on the
headless dolls and I loves playing with
yellow elbows come take your baby here
you go good girl
now you have to baby okay okay okay oh
yeah sure do you like my luscious hair
joyful issues locks - knocks okay we're
just no excuse me thank you thank you my
goodness I don't know if you see this
but okay it's turned into nothing so I
think tonight is some sort of is it a
blue moon or Blood Moon or a Pink Moon
or read will some kind of color D moon
sit you seriously hi some kind of
colored a new situation is happening
tonight
oh hello guys huh
I get it okay hope lights come off no
let's see if I can see it over here it's
very impressive looking don't if you
guys can actually see it and appreciate
it yeah look at this thing
oh my goodness that's so cool looking I
don't know if you can actually see it in
real life
but it's amazing looking that's so cool
did you guys go ahead last night and
have a look at it so big like I've never
seen the moon before well I have anyway
I got to go collect the children they
are oh they're friends it's so cold as
well maybe does the moon a bit and stay
at the coldest of the weather I don't
under provide these facts is it a
message today has been one of those
administration days friends I haven't
vlog that much today I think Anna did
but I yeah it's just lots and lots of
administration that had to be there
sometimes and just takes me away from
vlogging and it's like
if I just like get to it get it done
spend the day get some stuff done
not like dilly-dally
every few days I gotta do that I've got
to do that you know
but it's okay
it's okay
he's okay where you be but this is my
daughter she likes water she like water
in the night so so how was your day in
school today was good what was your
favorite part of school today and when I
went a million every thousand had to put
a pen grateful putting cotton candy were
pudding what was your worst part of the
day I'm still eating some cooking always
your worst part of the day today mmm my
daddy collected you and you had to come
home actually bathrobe the day is when
I've got to make something house well
what did you make Oh God
a card is a card for for Danny's
birthday yeah yeah did you make a card
for daddy's birthday yeah what are you
eating cotton candy cotton candy cotton
cotton die come on quickly quickly
before we go cuz it's date night what
was your worst part of your day today
yeah sorry about that
sorry about that anyway you steak knives
don't get her fright tonight but it's
take nice these little monkeys need to
go to bed so many is to come and
supervise them
tonight guys we're leaving this bath
bomb don't put it on me are you ready
put it in
this over here guys just artists we
getting into the car the school down to
school
alright lovely parking right first we
will try Williams and we'll see Willie's
got some room for us
you got anything for us empty so we made
it a bit shaky murder oh my god next
thing you know you're gonna get cut to
curry
my god this is what I got
what Oh whatever you want no I was I got
ketchup in this footage for the chips
you can zip your version every do you
want to you could be that guy I have no
idea why lady friends I just I'm just
such a lady friends I mean just such a
lady friends a lady friend
I am in just such a buzz for like I
don't know I'm having craving
maybe I'm pregnant guys I should take a
test like seriously I'm having crazy
cravings ladies crazy cravings is
probably a title I abuse many times
started some crazy crazy
well yeah I'm just in a buzz for like
raw carb you know just like chips and
chickens you learn I mean all joyed love
pattered carp and chips kinda will never
let me order in these places that serves
those chinks is battered cars and fish
well no bitch Myrna you know you see a
fat around the corner in Bosco you get
that big fish and chips and soggy chips
so suck in it he needs to to buy
oh boy as I'm craving that right now
even though I'm sitting there eating
this
all right ease no whoa we didn't get
pudding we get some ice cream
no Amelia always says that at the most
inopportune times huh where are you
going we walk around front
I feel it's just what I needed
scientific chip all my goodness all
right guys I have a question I have a
question for anybody that has a motion
for a Range Rover Land Rover thing right
so when i unlock the car okay the car
does not unlock frana I have to get in
and I have to press this little button
okay and it really annoys me my last one
did that as well but III fiddled with
some security thing and I turned it off
okay well I don't know like I don't know
how to do it all settings
general
like the legal information I don't know
I don't know I had to do it guys so if
anyone knows how in the car how do you
turn off the thing when i unlock the car
it unlocks the car on both doors that
will be amazing please leave comments
below I shall read them and I'll be very
excited and then because sometimes we're
like saying goodbye right it happened so
many times it helps viewings where I ran
it says goodbye and then chest you just
awkwardly stand at the car no just bye
bye bye I jump in there like oh yeah
sorry and I have to unlock the door I
don't have works in any comments that
would be fun
Dibley kostik oh this is the after date
night salon that is going on here the
doggies are getting themselves alarmed
Oh
