good morning we're heading into town
aren't we
what are we getting done for Manhattan
London Victoria nail and my nails comes
off they combed off the paint a sec oh
the paint yeah
Eduardo might get his done and Omar's
gonna know not oh my Erica right yeah
and a wad oh wait which color would you
like more site you made a mistake
literally to get to the nail place and
just take a straight this is a straight
road from our hotel and Johnathan
decides to go the most long-winded back
way he goes through all the side streets
the Sun no you're not Jonathan you're
just making her tired she was like I
mean you do that I'm like we were nearly
there when we were at our hotel now
we're miles away
Kiev is not here down how are we okay
show us
yeah beyond yeah
sorry Amelia
this way get the fishing
in purple pink purple okay
those two oh all right you wanna do that
I knows yeah they're good things yeah
you wanna do you wanna do you want to do
like one pink purple two purple pink
like that okay what do you think wardo
do you want to get yourself as well nope
I don't know keeps itself but there's
only one when you wait to find out
Jannetty get his painted color daddy get
his painted oh wow glitter pink that
flashes and as this lights on us as the
splashes media can you say cheese
all right while we're waiting on the
girls Eduardo the water wants to get his
nails pen in anyway but we're gonna run
over here to this shop and we're gonna
see if we can get those fishing want the
fishing net no but Amelia certainly does
and then if I don't get you and you'll
be fighting about it but it looks like
the other day we're in here and there's
two left this might be only two fishing
nets in the entire Sorento don't steal
my glasses don't stuff like okay now but
that much okay here we go
is it open oh it's open let's go let's
go why does turn
they have toesies right Oh
you like that
you see media
yeah
we're at the beach everyone's here I've
got our fishing poles oh you're gonna
tell Sophia tell Sofia we're going
fishing it so these new white shorts I
bought yesterday don't have pockets in
them so I can't bring the GoPro with me
swimming so I'll see if I can get some
for the Fatah jizz of us fishing boat
there may not be any but we're gonna get
some lunch are we media you getting
tonight you're going to the beach with
Erika Beach and I was left on my own to
get ready get Sun creaming up as usual
if you watch my snapchat then you
already know all of this because it's
cloudy today let's see I don't see
anybody that I recognize those Jonathan
see if I can see one sure you guys I
think he's going to get in he's gone
down the steps with the boat there he is
and as far as I can tell Amelia's
beneath him and then Erica and it was
goofy Ola why was I gonna say Ola oh my
god Anand word over there
in my snapchat the other day I was
talking about how Jonathan always makes
friends I think I said on the flock as
well I was like oh Jonathan once makes
friends with all the other moms like
litt really okay you probably can't only
see me but you can listen to another
thing so what I'm saying is like
whenever Jonathan would go to ballet or
like take immediate ballet which it's
usually mean but sometimes in the
beginning he would he like made friends
with all the mums he was just really
social and like he's always like that
whenever we go on holiday he makes
friends all these people and I never do
like I'm just I'm not anti-social like
at all and like when I was in school I
was like everybody's friends like I used
to be best friends with everybody not
best friends like friends and everybody
I got on with everybody I talked to
everybody so I'm not antisocial but I
think it's just because I've been burned
so many times especially recently that's
just how I am now I think I've just been
burned so many times I'm just like lost
appointment but having said that if I
get to know somebody really well
I will then like so for example the
Russian family that we've got to know
they were here the last two years that
we were here but the mum was here but
like last year and this year and now I'm
like accepting her as a friend does that
make sense like it just takes me a while
because I'm like I don't trust people
anymore just because I've been burned
that's why um so it just takes a while
longer but I don't know
and you still show or anything
caught a little fishy like the coolest
oh yes I was practicing here like this
also has looked behind it's like a
creepy-crawly shell thing and uh look at
him he's on the go he's moving around
for the fish is a cool catch huh way to
the show Eduardo wait is the shell
trying to eat the fish oh my I made a
terrible mistake
I think the shell is trying to eat the
fish oh there isn't yeah yeah that's why
I picked it
that's why I picked it up oh she was
like there's a crawling rock hmm and a
scary crawly crap crap crap thing
something it is I noticed a girl this is
the official hotel and you got it like
introduction greeting party are you
greeting all the guests guys gesture all
right you have to say something nice
about them then you ask them do you have
a reservation that's what you have to
ask them Oh Oh guys guys guys you
guessed you missed the guests
oh no you missed the guests there
you missed the gas are you gotta be
sharper kind of to guess get past okay
so Papa
so press seven all right sharper mode
you ready you ready you ready ready the
guest comments you have to say do you
have a reservation
oh you missed it oh hello can I compete
you're a hotel I have a reservation
okay thank you
all right kids are next door what word
is eating his Apple still we drawing
we're making a map for treasure
you're not making the map you eating
your Apple good trend good plan girls
are making a map to find some treasure
for a hundred years
oh really
Wow this view a hundred years long
sleepover all right sounds like a plan
Oh welcome Cinderella
Oh welcome to my dining theater oh the
ball is coming so it started raining hmm
was it a protection so we're seeing in
this garden area but it has just started
rain the garden is cool though look it's
all like fresh limes and stuff in here
it's really cool but he has started
raining
Wow all right we left the restaurant
area because actually started raining in
the restaurant and now we've come here
in the media has spotted a poo poo emoji
the poo emoji look it is starting right
it's bad oh that makes noise too
oh it's only all the Italian names
edwardo in the media will probably be
here
oh is it popular so that like wow
Eduardo now I mean II oh yeah yeah
cathedra no one you never see his name
anywhere like so this has happened now
really fast mode hold on guys Roback
alright jump back jump back jump out
jump a job at come on jump at your
bedroom
are you making it are you making a move
yourself where's the slowpokes don't run
too fast oh no no no no no guys guys
guys guys guys let's go back up here
please say goodbye to Erica say goodbye
to OMA
what do you do where you can conduct
music just there is the wedding going on
next door onto the beach and I have
someone sits in the back oh this is the
Olympic Games
alright representing Italy here we go
you ready you gotta crawl forward crawl
crawl crawl crawl crawl crawl crawl
don't worry don't go where no mommy
smacking my bum mommy's mad mm OH all
right are you guys ready for the semi
final net this time it's going to be a
bit harder there's an added rain farms
effect go go go go go oh come on Eduardo
come on and we're home they're gonna be
so - roundish don't worry about don't
worry No Go Go Go Go Go Go
are you carving up in it yeah Oh
immediate bump and jump well men in my
video know mums it out
Oh Kerry Kerry
I'll carry
