good morning friends this morning I was
out and I met and some people then
reception ground receptions kind of like
a lounge it's like a chilly coffee shop
Lounge type of thingy not to point to
the conversation but we start talking
we're actually talking about kids toys
because I had a thing that I've heard
mealy and I was trying to get the guy to
cut it open to open it and it anyway
again not to point the story there are
family from Rome and we'll just start
talking about the earthquake that just
happened and you sound me like yeah it's
like it didn't affect like central Rome
so much but like rural Rome like an open
or it was so bad it affected you know
and hello miss Chen do you have to hell
I don't know afterwards I went back
inside and I start researching and
looking up what was going on you know on
the side it's so sad you know that I'm
all these people are displaced and it's
really hard because you know there's so
much stuff in the world going on right
now god it's like you feel overwhelmed
when you want to you want to help you
feel overwhelmed that like that little
boy recently in Syria like all the kids
in see everyone there he's trapped in
the middle of this huge civil war is
even civil war anymore it's just it's a
conflict and it's just really sad and
then like everywhere is affected by
tragedy and you feel as a single person
it's really difficult to make a
difference and then sometimes a lot of
times you know we think that we don't
well myself a Nana we do actually do
quite a lot I'm kind of privately we've
always been quite private about the
stuff that we did but I decided look I
felt like we should do something a
little bit I'm more in Italy right now
it's a beautiful country the people are
really nice here let's make a little
gesture towards them so I'm gonna leave
a link down below to what they call
global giving that coda a UK there's
also global giving dot org is an
American version and and a British
version so pounds or dollars I'm gonna
do a British one and they're trying to
raise a million dollars or 600,000
pounds so we're going to go here to
global giving Dan here and look for 620
pounds emergency just after a long-term
relief don't
all right so let me just do this stuff
and I'll come back to you in a second
you just picking your nose in camera
here we are trying to have a special
moment and here's mr. nose picker huh
one over there as well so there we go
friends this is what we've done but if
you guys want to go ahead and donate to
the earthquake fund that will be pretty
cool
it's quite a lot of us here on these
videos so it will be cool link is down
below friends do the right thing well
you don't have to do the right thing but
you know if you can't if you can't
you're in a position it will be nice I
just want to show you guys
I'm not sure if you'll be able to see
right over there do you see there's
Jonathan Erica and Amelia you can see me
all right now there she is a little
beach bum and Eduardo somewhere there
too and they're playing in the Sun it's
a shady spot so it's nice for them
because the kids don't get burned my mum
and I are still living
summer waters check out this little film
over here huh you can jump in the water
now you're like oh that means big wow
that's so good Amelia no not here
more willing
I need a coating that's so good in media
bigger bigger yeah last time before
she's a baby before she's in mommy's
coming
wow that's so cool I can't do that Melia
yeah I'm a scaredy-cat see
Laguna it's the first time the kids are
mean well immediate met them before but
Juarez never amended and his dad brother
and I had a - brother's wife we're
caught what kind of calling him grandpa
because don't have a grandma but they
don't speak any English and I speak
Italian so it's always interesting Jimmy
no no no te no ini Economic Security
Committee Allah if rejected EcoPOD warn
your balance educate you get open I do
this wait wait wait really just pull it
right oh but if you're bowling holy it
is rolled up Damon no thank you
with a son gone can't
what do you say with another so cute you
get a turtle don't get it right down
kiss can be on baby if you want to swap
them you can okay good huh you're okay
yeah okay buddy it been we'll get on day
six
alright this bunch are all taking the
elevator myself and I are going up the
stairs because we're doing our stairs
all the way up the mountain hopefully
I'll see you again soon
Jamelia so every morning it's really
easy to come down the stairs but coming
up the stairs is a whole different game
it's not too bad right now but later on
it's gonna get very hard huh look at us
this is just a young couple again in
Sorento huh hmm look at them all there
well apart from a little trial at the
back she's not she's not in our family
Eduardo is so cute hey we are all the
way up here yeah oh my goodness look at
this timing
look at this huh hello Amelia
we were so fast yeah it's so much faster
when I don't have to carry it water with
me yeah
the chocolates there at the top and the
bottom I'm gonna try it
yeah cuz it's a cannot draw me it's a
straw use a strong careful okay like mm
okay you can take that want that strong
I can look at ya
you can lick it off nice mmm popular
vehicle
that is chocolate on top so you get the
chocolate bits roeser's I saw this in
the window and I was like I need to go
ahead and capture that that's so pretty
and look at the dough like real posh
well I know like there's lots of boats
but United mean like it's like and I
don't know what they call them what's
the term for a boat that has a sail in
comparison to a boat that has an engine
is there a charm I don't know so pretty
here isn't it
kids are off with Margaret down at the
pool thing at the front of the hotel I
think it's at the front at the back at
the side depends where you're standing I
guess I'm swayed not Anna story of my
life the story of my life I come on
let's take your video for the picture oh
my god I said you look back in that
footage
hello horsey
hello horsey huh porch
hello horsie thank you huh wonder what
his name is
he does have a pink nose and or is he
he's a Sorento horsey hmm Oh like a cool
Analects yo hottie come on let's go
hello
hmm
all right we are on the main square lads
of Sorrento this is the man forever
looks like Casey didn't know he's your
new search alert we see another horse
we're family we find another horse who
would have killed her yeah he's moving
the media
anything to discourage to touching a
foreign animals and it looks amazing
right lads
almost like I might even renew my vows
hmm
won't even commit to another five years
hello we're in an Italian Superdrug
deodorant this is what I need like
running out and I look like Doug one of
these ones nope the purl one okay
hairspray it and I need a sharpener for
my eye
I love the shop cause
collect I think
Erica again and they got a pizza
margherita oh my god I got the same
thing oh my god we got the same blood
hey I don't always get this okay you do
what do you get
I asked for what kind of meat pass that
was on the menu this is the only option
so it's like a mixture of meat and pass
down nothing that was you get georgette
Eduardo got penne with a piece of garden
which you will complain about to bust it
oh my gosh I got the link we egg with
Porsche mmm pretty close hey run your
napkin buon appetito didn't somebody it
has too much ice cream huh watch out for
cars super fast motorbikes motorino they
call them up she's off off you are
pulling me along wait where's the
slowpokes wait oh we have to wait in the
slowpokes
thank you
my name is pinky I finish panda miss
panda I am miss penguin penguin II miss
luck that's Naples over there you see it
Naples is over there hey wait Oh
what that's where the deep sea is recipe
echoes that is the big scene we go and
that's the way that's the wave and
there's the volcano
yeah remember it's behind the mountains
they're not cool you don't see the
volcano who's that over there that white
oh wait it's catchword oh we're going
this way
oh hello friends - edited right why are
you kicking me who's that is Emilia oi
oi get more mania don't do it more you
don't always ready oh my gosh you're so
much taller than me Nisha what is it
what is that an arm no wait this one
here it's you got I got a wonky down
here somewhere oh my god wait wait he's
mad look at these kids in a trench
they're transformers anyway the greenery
why is the way don't want it like just a
little bit like this wait wait where's
why are your legs in here right oh no
daddy no hitting
oh my peri-peri to tickle shark look at
this look at this thing here your
breathing is a media media all right
boyfriends yeowch boyfriend bye friends
see you tomorrow yeah
