good morning friends you've got no top
on what is going to the big pool guys
when we say big pool we're talking about
the sea this spooky wardo swimming pool
except this is this is the stuff you
guys whoa look at this guy's
Wow so you can get and lift to this
beach but we've decided we're gonna make
that an effort take the steps every day
there's our little workout and then we
can eat more pasta that's the plan we're
know as our plastic past the strategy is
so oh man Eric I have gone off this
morning see other stuff we're gonna meet
them back at the beach yeah yeah they're
swimming pool we're calling this the big
swimming pool yeah isn't it are you
gonna go in the big swimming pool Amenia
yeah oh another cave there's another
tunnel
I wonder was gonna be an echo in this
tunnel ah echo echo echo ha ha does it
not say echo II
Oh John wardo what about me about me
falling in certain is that Alright guys
do wanna go swimming this year we
brought toys because we've learned to
bring some toys huh
also our GoPros yeah Sunny's Sunny's got
him look really hot by the way whoo all
right who wants to go swimming with that
what
listen to the melody and let yourself go
cz if you want it so feel it glow and
fight all your friends and the people
you know start deep in the universe
we'll put on a show
we have left pool area the larger
includes media calls which is you up on
living in the sea today yeah
hoping this little fellas gonna go
asleep alright so behind me here right
there is one of the chairs and remember
you can recognize the chair here that's
where the chairs where a media's famous
gift is we all got one
well that's where right there is where I
give is remedial is a class on and looks
back
it's so quick I think it's Oh pointed
overshot right here and it we came here
for lunch yesterday and I got the
Pomodoro me montr√©al Ensenada and it's
so good May got that again today
somebody what else basically I will eat
it for the team I'll take one for the
team
look at this thing tomatoes all right
there's a bride of yours from last year
when there's a wedding here I mean in
your cups energy via Amelia yeah Emily
son let me see come on don't fish fish
sea fishing it as well look at this
thing it's why we come to Toronto for
Emelia come on she wants to see the
bride know what
videos God get away
comedians over here something see this
is the small floor with Disney alright
because the media has been to Disney too
many times and she's met all the
princesses she sees song and write she's
the princess now she's like Camilla
coming up go up and take a picture with
them you know can we just go for meet
the princess like Justin quite work like
that
hi hi
we're chillin in the pool chillin like
Dylan I think though I Omega Eduardo is
in fantasy you're splashing make me Anna
Isabella T ohm and Erica who knows where
they have gone to so me and Amelia
decided that we will just go take all
the toys that we have here jump yeah
don't do splashes what do you do
you hear to me behind which is a wedding
happening not a live music situation
going on here as well it's very pleasant
it's a very pleasant situation this
reminds me of Orlando if you went back
we're chilling there does this remind
you of horror I know in the pool we get
a little too like this for at home yeah
you enjoying Sorento
I like yeah you like being here I like
being you two guys happy I have
something really important to tell you
me I tell them that we found out now you
tower against them what you would you
talk to me when I talk to you okay so I
explained to me at there's a volcano
over there yeah and then what did you
say about the volcano
no you need to do the next thing
okay so there's a volcano and was it
wider gonna go to the volcano no no
that's not
that wasn't debate you said no this was
the babysitter and and if I called it
our and okay is the fire gonna come out
of the volcano anytime soon that's our
question okay what would happen in the
fire key match
I'll be ready boldness so when I get
done somebody might get burned she did
wardo go over to the volcano yeah
no should anybody go to the volcano
no what would happen if you look inside
a volcano and apply a mic look and then
there'll be a bad guy coming out and
goes he'll you say bias means I go put
the fire out and get the bucket to come
and get the Fire Mountain out and then I
don't go
and what's what they called again I'm
okay I'm okay no scary isn't it
yeah and you remember we are not toys
okay no we have a twin mocking we
haven't done it yet
no because cuz you haven't got oh we
haven't made a friendly it's been video
in a while are we well we make the movie
get home yeah we make a deal holy yeah I
can I can do this
I can't just ban lost I can do that
whoa I don't get a leg to remember that
well I remembered a bit we interrupt
this scheduled broadcast okay guys
something really quick um somebody has
written to the hotel numerous many times
and I just want to say could you just
stop Cheers
okay that's it like they're trying to
suggest that Amelia has the plague or
Ebola or something what's kind of trying
to you know holiday you know what I mean
so I'm not working it's not working
because you have a really good
relationship this hotel and we're not
doing anything I'm first off Amelia has
been cleared to fly I don't feel like I
need to uh I know this is so sweet
everything in my life Amelia has been
cleared to fly she's cool Eduardo has
tonsillitis we thought he was dying
every parent always thinks their child
is always I he's not she brought him to
a doctor who long to drop knows that we
are a cool day right now cool up there
line right stay cool keep setting your
emails it's now illegal please your
tracking you good luck with your life so
I hear somebody that in here Oh who's
this is that Eduardo
where's Amelia yes what's in your eye
you have an eyeball in there no did you
guys go it did you go into the pool
today yeah it's cold isn't it oh is it
odd huh hello there mrs. mommy's
upstairs she didn't want to run down the
stairs okay that's a way better pool
than the one we have in our room it
spring air I'd like a cup that's little
controls for the pool Oh rose air can
have a much better pool than we have way
up there let's go guys let's get food
blah blah blah
mr. always be carried welcome to Sorento
hi screech
ah that's it's good to be back here my
home school what we should move to
Sorento every year we say and then we go
home
do i you put all our dogs names shops
here here's the thing right if you're in
Sorrento here's a game for you guys to
do send me tweet me pictures all of our
dog's names are on the street all right
No
I'll interact in Sorrento you can find
the name of our dogs and every single
one of our shops there's one around here
somewhere you can see for an example
yeah yeah dude I as a game it'll be our
game
guardo's we're just gonna play are you
yeah we're just guys we just gonna say
he's gonna play it's Erica and I'm
having the pizza margherita what are you
having that's a village steak tomatoes
and rockets
okay I said white all right what you got
today tomorrow with a mojito oh no he's
going for the water what did I ask you
to tell you what swordfish I'm saying
through the thing in media what are you
having medium having a positive right
yeah - good
where's your media is having what you
having penne with Maduro okay
and that's dinner fine bacon le yeah
okay tell me later
now okay tell me now that his English
tongue hi
did you oh yeah that's cool in the tree
hello and welcome you gotta set a fire
burn your tippy toes
are you putting your chin up
you're so cute so media is a busy this
evening looking after Eduardo going you
looking after wardo oh good girl thanks
so much huh all right you are a really
good pusher huh yeah you're doing a good
job
Oh No where are you going oh no chance a
boomerang the way oh that's a good one
all right you cannot end the night in
Toronto without getting ice game
geez girl ring around the rosies a
pocketful of posies we've come to the
end of the night in sorrento don't get a
fright because we're having so much fun
don't eat a smelly bum because you will
be smelly and you won't be watching the
telly and you will look like a jelly
bean who's full of smelly socks poo poos
and dirty jokes okay bye bye friends bye
wardo by Amelia we'll see you tomorrow
we have to do it again pass the poopoo
bye friends bye bye
you
no trying to repeat
