I know hello hey yours hello my name is
Peggy this is my friend Herbert large
though oh hi my mama what do you take
family ah let's go mrs. magorium look at
you you were enough to say hi to mommy
go on
he's running up your last day today yes
laughter last days in this girl go you
want to carry these okay okay what are
they yeah education and I guess did she
do that so what
hello friends Amelia hey turn jump in
water so I can climb across Wow she's
doing a GI cedar I don't think our
friends can see it hold on good out you
can see the moon right there it is gonna
follow us all the way okay hop in so
this morning today is Amelia's last day
in her this current school that she's in
this preschool then you're moving are
you excited
alright I'm gonna go across and she's
going at SARM their other big school Oh
web shorty but well again the cake we
show our friends are frozen invitations
just be careful and that cool isn't that
so cool like it or director
yeah let's put it back in now yeah
because you can't make a trick
yeah mr. Tripp are you excited so who
are we inviting to the party
oh I dunno it's my birthday party and
we're and Jill to go say I mean is
taking long time to get the indications
to us Cheers
so that should that's why we need to
hurry up and go yeah okay do we know who
we're inviting do we have a plan of
attack
yeah it's Wang Tina Liza
Jemima and didn't anger no get out
well let's just for fun invited anger
and a Matthew yeah
so here mafia coming to my party yeah so
let's just invite a couple of more just
to be safe though you know you got you
don't elect you don't leave people out
you know
yeah oh let's go you guys are on when I
first brought Amelia to this a preschool
and I was so upset about it because I
was like oh my goodness immediate in
school like and here we are on your last
day of this school huh you are going
into new school but I'm just saying it's
amazing how time has gone by and now
you're leaving this school and only just
yesterday it feels like it to me I
brought you here for the first time this
opened what you have no emotions today
do you watch it why's it just opened and
I did and I just thank is you okay wait
wait wait wait wait let's go I'm gonna
get my waxing done now which is kind of
annoying but cuz there's a lot of other
things that I should be doing right now
if I was upset but I'm leaving um but I
also could pick up my mom from the
airport but Jonathan's gonna do that so
it's fine just finished my waxing I
realized this whole strip was like no
makeup and then the rest on so I looked
a bit weird but I hate getting the
bikini I hate it but it was worth it all
fresh and clean gonna take down my hair
and got underarms done I res done and
bikini and I got my legs done a while
back and they're still fine so
we're going to miss one Tina but she's
gonna grow up really big and let me see
don't call me - class Wow I know are you
gonna miss and dick is my new school is
it
Wow Ellen and thaw we just got moved
into my new school
yeah it's not far at all no we just go
just stay just with mr. sad my new
school and now we're not going to my new
school anyway
Wow we're not going to your new school
now did you like that school you are in
would you would you recommend this to
your friends Wow
I like my old friends better than the
new friends well you you see you haven't
really met your new friends yet yeah but
I would I really would miss my own
things by night my friend boy all for
school and find
new friends but I make the friends pull
them down boys
I like that the most yeah oh that's why
daddy thought it was a good idea to
invite to your birthday party half of
your friends from the new school and
half of your friends from the old school
and do you member the ultimate my old
school yeah this mean it is actually
randomly you have had made friends with
quite a few Joe - yeah only - old one
with the Oakland hair and now and now
they buy this they buy the new Jemima
oh we bought a new Jemima did we oh hold
on a minute
hello we're at the airport to pick them
up
all righty can I have a ticket please
laughs you get a ticket Amelia
and we have a ticket now we can go in
and park the car all right we're at
level 5 level 5 that's where we are
okay let's take the lift oh yeah this is
it dice that will fire um I think we're
going to level 2 you think level 2
terminals this one here just like and
well you can't be one good job we chose
the wrong one is there an echo here is
there who put an echo here are you
excited to see all mine Erica yeah all
right there we go
looking for cars though check both sides
all right we're clear
search terminal uh the departures
arrivals he's a cow here guys mundo
captain cow
was there Wow all right let's go and we
pop you have been here before I mean
here knows the times you've got like
crazy air miles and you're only four you
have committee actually has a like crazy
man of flying for her age
and he's crazy funky going Wow I
remember this moving with it alright
here we go let's go in here now arrivals
I think Ouma has arrived we're looking
for arrivals this way hold my hands
there's 100 million people here so
buddies you're home and watch you smell
her okay I mean it smells OMA what is
almost smell like huh okay her plane was
delayed because the plane that landed
before and they were about to take off
in court spilled fuel over two runways
and an airplane couldn't take off but it
worked out because this way I ended up
oh look oh my goodness I even recognized
you hello hello wait he's by your hair I
literally did not even recognize you it
looks cool though I like it
he's so excited if your plane was on
time they wouldn't actually shoot me
never come
oh really yeah it worked out well
elevator party we have our trained well
party okay
oh my elevator party date night note
well it is tech indeed date night
tonight but on his comes over yeah she
like this but let's go find mom and
sister over although we can totally take
advantage anyway we have chores to do
and today is the hottest day of the year
okay it's not really but it is pretty
hot today in the hot it's a hot to trot
day and we got to go do right just I was
just reading the sign as well maybe it's
new
no but I could be a new thing in an old
building you know some people do that
kind of thing and we have to do some
chores laughs come on mister
come on this year so this little man is
not well this one is fine where is it
Ali where no hanging word I might have a
sore throat more tons of lighters or
something so one of the doctors again I
feel like I need to go one of those
value cards you know when I get a stamp
every time I go and then I get a free go
then it was just there like a few days
ago with this one and now I'm back with
this one what's happening Oh keep our
dojo card wardo sporting media come on
Eduardo sporty you have to be extra nice
good girl and you go you're a good big
sister class Oh your clothes
Eduardo what's the name of your horsey
what
no that's Ralph Ralphie is the other guy
what's this one it's Ralphie's friend
what's his name
it's Ralphie's best friend what's
Rocky's best friend called is it rawr
it's very rare I and Ralphie this is
Rory and Ralphie theatre one your best
friends Wow yeah
Rory and Ralphie I bought this for him
in Sorrento last year huh huh we're
watching populations we're making some
dinner oh wow are you ready titles to be
L going to select
we're not going to Sorento yeah what
what boys
we hope the Sorento yeah we're not we're
not going to space again we're not going
to space again okay oh oh we're not
going to Orlando we're not going to
Orlando this time this time nope no last
time we go to your Lego family we
dickered our land oh remember yeah went
to Disney in Orlando
yeah and and I love uh media it's five
past six it's gonna draw redesign
hopefully I should go check that oh
that's very nice of you Amelia
yeah oh you can Amelia have your scooter
he said you could have a scooter bye all
right
oh you want to get the gate okay go you
do the rest so I'm taking in two artists
to the doctor's because I know it's like
super hot today
like seriously ridiculous hot buddy at a
temperature of like 40 which is like
ridiculous what Oh mommy's coming to
yeah that's coming here seriously and
you guys like how often do you doctors
oh yeah baby
she need it does she need them yeah okay
we you hop in when we get back we'll
give it to her okay and her son cream
and everything from school you hop in
mr. man oh we gotta go we gotta go come
on
all right mr.
but for a regular spot what
okay
oh that was all right we are waiting on
a prescription here no mine is here
watching the frozen's
or detangle okay Dilek we need to get a
drip or we tend to get like a standing
order by like a vat of this yellow stuff
huh I was like looking at my net is
coming out yeah so again the usual gala
stuff which we know it works but like
you know she's telling us that like his
temperature so hot and she was saying
like so not indicate what you know
what's called dislike I'm like no your
temperature gets so high the risk is
he'll have a convulsion or something I
know I don't so not something I want to
experience so hopefully we don't anyway
we're gonna go now because we have to
wait for the subscription so hope you
enjoyed today's video presentation
situation we're gonna end the video with
Eduardo's day my friend
