good morning again
my girlfriend east friend good morning
it writable
you want to come help me Wikimedia up
huh
anyone wanna come help me with the media
up hello friends welcome to Tuesday
today is Tuesday
oh-oh no independence huh where is
Amelia did you hear us coming
was she hiding
come on come on mrs. magorium everyone's
awake I know Hey
way to carry you both of you boom boom
boom it's the breakfast on it's the rest
of the song feel free to sing along the
breakfast Peck my song I have a medium i
am eduardo we have pinkie bye
ha ha we have everybody me a bad read
and I don't know what the other one
daddy knows it
ah right that's dope ready mm-hmm
I'm at with lb and Cena who are both
Austin Lee they're so happy they hadn't
been out since Friday which is kind of
bad but tomorrow they're going back to
that regular walk with Helen so they're
fine um but they did get really super
exciting I thought about walking read a
nice date today so it's really like
pretty morning come on guys
being here newbies turn Bianca was so
hyper but I let them off lead by myself
I was so proud this is my last lap and
it is times that I think it takes me
about an hour to do this whole walk um
which is actually pretty good for like
racking up steps uh-oh I've got moldy
raisins all right grapes yeah how do
they get in there
don't touch ablution I put them in there
did you put them in there yeah uh-oh
they got all moldy Did you touch them
you need to wash your hands if you touch
them okay your f is very summery
he just got no now I don't need to worry
about the white top anymore
whoa unfair props your daddy we're
strapped tops yeah my telling me good
move today because that's why boys don't
wet totally things your damages well
nice Oh
Dubois feet smell eggy yeah and garlic
Feeny cleft lip that's so they can smell
nice and so people come on things if
they're not
oh well thank you for that but let's get
rid of this shall we yeah
the moldy grace yeah maybe let's get a
little by goke so you don't touch them
all right I am going to go and get a
haircut
I know like a lot of you guys won't be
able to probably relate to this but I
feel really like I don't give you a hard
time in bed you know but I feel like
when I got it like I got the hair
transplant last December okay and then
my hair started like growing remember
for the first like month or two and then
it sort of all fall fell out cuz that's
what it does like you you implant you
take your hairs in the back and you
implant them in the front and then they
all fall out right and then it's really
upsetting but then the new hair start
growing and that's been happening and
now you can see like it's wonderful if
loads of hair so what I've been doing is
that every time I got a haircut I've
been avoiding cutting the actual
transplanted hairs which is the heads
the front all the hairs in the back
we've been cutting because they're like
my normal hair well it's all my hair and
transplants are like a natural thing so
but today I'm gonna actually go and cut
the actual transplanted hair for the
first time I'm not personally going to
cutters I'm gonna get to what else to
click the transparent first time so I'm
kind of nervous because I'm like what if
I cut it and then it looks terrible
because you can see I don't know I get
it takes like I don't know like 12 to 14
even 16 months um I went the frizz thing
apparently the frizz is that when the
transplanted hair gets implanted um it
doesn't retain the moisture or something
so for the first like 1415 months these
new hairs and they have to go through
four or five cycles so the hair has to
fall out again a new hair has to grow it
takes about 14 months and then your hair
starts becoming your normal hair but
there's a lot of cases where you get
frizz or you get curly hair you just get
different kind of hair because it's like
brand-new hair you know where's the
other hair here it's not brand new it's
like it's it's old as I am so yeah one
kind of nervous going in here doing this
but uh
oh here we go friends wish me luck
haha even though I'm just gonna cut to
it do being done okay so hey not right
now you can do it afterwards okay after
swimming you can I'll remember Dory yep
I wonder how many people are going to be
into me usually it's just you and one
other one in the summer time isn't it
yeah do you think we'll see alright I am
back there's no end products or anything
in my hair so they probably got silly
what am what I'm happy with it without
any products in it because before it was
like down to my ears and all the
strikingly hairs we chopped all the
straggling hairs off and the dead hair
and all the wiry stuff and now looks
more like normal yeah
whoa hey we got a thing you want to see
that we got a new package where's the
new package come on let's go remember I
said I really wanted to buy a McLaren I
finally got a McLaren guys
it wasn't the McLaren I wanted but it's
still a McLaren daddy got a McLaren
I really wanted the 570 LT Spyder
but I'm I ended up with this guy instead
but you don't want MacLaren's in McLaren
you can't you can't complain you know
come on help her you're gonna have to
help me build it you're on builders name
I need Bob the Builder let me see
go watch him all right test I do the
testings Batman Batman oh my goodness I
made a coffee and I forgot what the cup
and I just autumn I was too busy with
the stroller thing and I just turned it
on I made a coffee with no cops
oh you carry that one in oh what's that
shall we dad oh that's cool isn't it no
no that's it look it's a little sign hmm
I think that's for my summer in the city
actually yeah so after someone is
sitting most uh-huh no pick it up
we gotta I think you ain't up selling
stuff like the clean but there is a
device in here it's why I ordered a few
box today there's a device in here
apparently nerf sent us a machine that
fires balls for the dogs huh I'm excited
what joy are you doing mr. Fox listen
this is from somewhere City as well
remember had in the vlog the girl gave
us that to do a friend named spend video
look on volcanic volcano we should do
that let's do that over here
where's the machine Oh
check this app oh my goodness oh wow I
don't know
Wow
show everybody cooks after getting close
to see it you can see it look it's so
cool
and if we take the ball and we drop the
ball in here this thing is gonna fire so
far away okay where are we aim for we're
doing it next to the garlic's next to
the garbage okay guys ready for this all
right here we go
aim fire whoa what okay I did it kind of
a little bit because I was kind of
afraid of it there bring it back here
let's do it again I can get old and you
will do it all by yourself okay first
thing you need to do pull that back all
the way to the bottom all the way all
the way up hate me growing up too - okay
drop the ball into the thing okay now
can stand here teaching my daughter to
shoot okay ready pull the trigger
whoa go get it go get it this is amazing
you ready hey you guys ready in there
okay fire it whoa whoa tzer's okay only
play with this one daddy's here okay is
that a promise
say it say watch what do you promise Oh
exactly
all right now we can continue okay this
is not exactly what this was designed
for but you can figure out what I've
done here okay you ready to try to say
okay Seanie you ready
you ready ready first of all first of
all what's this oh cool
friendliest friends the coney jollies
and swim Ellie she's ten years old and
she's in viewing our videos for two
years did you say hi Ellie hi
no hi Ellie thanks for watching our
videos which is a children YouTube
channel but favorite one is videos it's
when you went to Disney
oh she liked when you went to Disney huh
Xena oh we call this a success what are
you what are you doing I mean Donna's
nail busy and getting my toes done I
just got my fingers done you can't
really tell what her they are but
they're like tomato red corally orange
me and some lights orange some lights
thread and some lights it looks pink
I'm here tsuki over there doggy Oh got
my nails done see it looks kind of
pinkish in this light but it's actually
a Coralie a camera board was called an
even ask and but the branch uses is gel
too and it's like amazing like I can do
it I've done our last two times and
because we had stuff on and so I think
my nails had lasted like almost two
months that was almost two months wasn't
it maybe not maybe not two months maybe
a bit less enough I'm going to go to bed
now because I'm wrecked it's already
like 10 o'clock just after 10 that took
a really long time but I got my toes
done as well I cannot tell you how much
I love getting my toes done look how fun
food literally they were so bad before
I'm gonna go to bed now because I'm
wrecked hello Bianca did you miss me did
you miss me
gonna miss me miss me don't get jelly
don't get jelly hmm all right take a
night guys
cata supposed to make her voice hard
right so I'm going to go to bed now
thank you for watching this video hope
you enjoyed don't forget to give it a
thumbs up
and
got a finger
