good morning guys are gonna practice
water so we need to be quiet and attend
on it 100 is the weekend today
it's not good day
I wonder well
we were just looking at school pictures
of me and Eduardo and we were doing
stuff at school
you were doing stuff at school with
mommy's phone now you're watching what
we did at school nobody ever wants to go
to school
except for Amelia alright what should we
watch for breakfast today what do we
crack open guys we went with Winnie the
Pooh do you like we nip ooh I know yeah
what I love beautiful roses it's cold
isn't it oh my goodness it is freezing
this morning he walking around the
country guys careful of the crunchy poo
the dry dough is coming this morning but
he's he's taking his sweet time the
cracks the cars frozen the car is frozen
I don't know all right now
I know - one - one guy's way I'm afraid
he was ten months today ten months
you're ten months today that means only
two months left until she's one how how
does that move
it's gonna go bright guys so let's see
if she takes her milk because yep she's
been taking it she's dropped probably a
feed which he either takes this one or
she takes it after lunch but it's
usually this one cuz the lunch time when
she's usually really full your voice is
so cute you're the cutest little foot
right
let me talk to you true a decision that
philip defranco has just made for me
start talking about this boring company
Elon Musk company flames roar next thing
you know I've ordered one but I'm also
gonna order the company fire
extinguisher I don't know what's going
on but I want to be in on the game so
but Franco I blame you I know nothing I
had to go to scarf and it's like really
cold and I didn't realize I thankfully I
sent the kids off just go in hats and
scarves laughter I know where it Bartos
school ones are like half the time he
just doesn't know half the time he
doesn't come home with them and they're
all labeled and everything you know no
anyway so we're going to another house
13 and this one is in an area that I
really like I think it's where footage
is a good area I think you get quite a
lot for your money actually very very
close to the house that you bought it
was dollar US China same area basically
but and I I'm not really going into this
with any expectations you showed me like
one or two pictures and I thought like
whatever but and I'm sure I I don't
really I don't know
I don't know what people are saying I'm
pretty sure about people cuz I got a few
tweets saying like you know it's never
gonna be perfect I'm like yeah
I know it's never gonna be perfect but
like lately some of the ones that we've
been seeing like it's not that they
haven't been perfect it's not they
haven't been like an easy wearing skier
you know so it's not it's just in case
you were thinking that I was being
really fussy like Jonathan's not like I
mean if we both if one of us liked the
house then we would like try and figure
something out or something but like
neither of us has had been
so yeah I'm not just being like fussy
and like spoiled or anything that's like
not it at all
it's just we're China we're trying to
find yeah like a forever home and I I
mean ideally we don't want like a new
build but we might have to get a new
wheel I don't know like we like
character but then we don't want to have
to like do something up to where it's
complete like you have to completely do
like start from scratch like I don't
think that's fair I therefore the event
that we're paying so it's like heart but
anyway I'm not like complaining you know
I'm just saying this is just the reality
of it of buying a house in England I
don't know what it's like another
country so I can't speak for those III
kind I do know what it's like in Ireland
though because I've seen well we can get
in Ireland for this kind of money well
the plan is guys is that hopefully this
year we can sort at a UK home and then
we can get an Irish home yeah man is to
buy a house in Ireland and I guarantee
buying a house in Ireland will be so
much quicker guarantee mark my words
we're here another day another house
this one guys actually it's really
really good it's really cool
look around the outside it's like
somebody I don't know it explain it it's
very impressive very cool oh geez oh
cool just trying to walk around the
boundary a sensitive place I guess
no this one feels like this could be a
good one
this could be a runner hunt walk around
the boundary work against quiet very
close school it's like it's 94 thousand
square feet it's pretty good
it's got sheds and stuff Oh
ah I think he just needs a bit of work
but they all need a bit work this day
this could be good
mm-hmm remembers okay I am with Laura
again this time so I tried doing that in
the last last time we went out and
Jonathan had to edit it because I went
like I'm here with Laura and I flicked
to you and then it completely blew out
because of the Sun so here to edit I was
like you didn't put in who I was with my
imagination on my own but we've pumped
to night it's at the garden center but
if they do food and I'm starving I had
such bad tummy issues last night
I don't know why or how it happened but
I'm as a result unreal hungry right now
so she'd be really nice okay
I got these fish cakes which actually
look amazing and Laura got the risotto
that's your second time having it isn't
it is that your second time having it
here yeah it looks really healthy looks
really nice super yummy and this is so
cute again Laura always it's almost
February friends I know I'm starting to
think that I am NOT gonna be in the new
house for my birthday imagine waking up
on my birthday in the new house that's
my own private New Year's I've said that
before your birthday is like your own
private New Year's on the 31st of
December you will welcome to New Year
but you've got to share that with
everyone else in the planet but your
birthday oh it's a private New Year's
just for me and anybody else born on the
13th of February and you guys born at a
13-2 February in 1980
are we twitter then you want a twin of
mine here there's quite a lot of you
guys there must be somebody else there
come on give me a shout-out turning in
February 1980 Wednesday the 13th of
February at 4 a.m. in the morning in
1980 that is when little me arrived oh
we've just got dessert oh my god try
at all but and laura has got this what
was it chocolate cheesecake oh my god it
looks incredible look at the size of
this maybe you don't know the scale but
actually massive oh it's hot it's a
fruit crumble with never get dessert
usually to be fair probably would have
filled us up enough hours later and who
has arrived Eduardo Eric who okay Erica
one more night I said Erica's coming
over I was thinking like oh like I
thought I had to go to the airport and
collect you I forgot they either than
bright on bright on hmm you happy art
damage kimura apology things for the
little ones apologies and a present for
me because I'm an all Saint huh am I
your favorite brother-in-law oh maybe
Erica can read you a book tonight guys
the thief No fee fie fie fie fi fph
thief thief in the night the book thief
well let's do a quick clean up guys what
yeah oh look at Erica brought the guy so
aunt Amelia got a My Little Pony thing
claim will be a fairy castle and wardo
got a pirate ship it why did you build
your pirate ship
then have you lost all the cannons silly
come on guys let's go quick clean up
let's go upstairs right otherwise unless
she's gonna be in bed you won't get to
kiss her good night anyone care
I'll have to tell you guys the story of
Eduardo and how good of Big Brother
Eduardo is you know let Eduardo so every
morning in guardo gets up and he brings
his toys his favorite toy Winnie the
Pooh and he puts it in alessia's bed cuz
he knows unless he likes Winnie the Pooh
he always reads her books he always
plays with her and dances with her and
make sure she's alright
he's always giving her hugs and kisses
and nighttime he always says good night
to her
he always says good morning to her you
always share your toys with her you are
such a good big brother you know what I
think you're the best big brother you
know that I'm very proud of you Eduardo
you know that huh and you're my favorite
little son of a gun hey sorry you just
said she could big brother at the
weekends he's always like you know
getting and get sharing his iPad with
her and looking after her and he dances
and makes her laugh all the time she
does first button sometimes in the air
better than gee well you never get cross
with her because you just think like
okay well I guess we'll watch this weird
video Alessia put on yeah sometimes she
she hits it and then puts weird videos
on Luigi oh boy
well anyway I just wanted to share that
with the old fella is a good big brother
don't do that you're always my change am
i scary I get to do you're very very
scary my ice get your re this cake is
you're gonna pull your eyeballs out poor
light I was uh you know
of all this why I don't really know
because it might not be fun
I don't want to see well friends we have
reached the end of the night have
mirandasings is here Eric is here
Miranda's little sister so watching a
Mac mafia and they just discussed a
rupees and Eric has the question how
much is a rupee Ruby I don't know but if
you guys are from India please let us
know in the comments below what is the
exchange rate for a rupee well yeah well
you just wait wait 24 hours I will read
the comments don't you do it ruining it
always we will a thousand rupees is 20
pounds what almost like the the currency
challenge the YouTube currency challenge
I've just started a new thing how much
is it a bags and rubies he said what do
you think one British pound equals in
rupees oh I don't know but I said a
thousand rupees my guess because I
remember like a thousand pesetas before
euros came in was about twenty quid so
that was my guess how much that yeah but
like it doesn't come off that way
well put it in a thousand rupees equals
how many British pence I'm just putting
it in the normal way no no no didn't one
British pound equals chips then you can
find anything else yeah ninety rupees is
a pound yeah so the guy asked for a
thousand that was a lot anyway I hope we
all learned slowly for our information
tonight guys also guys update quinoa
with jalapenos I thought there were
jello Pinos
jalapenos are amazing as if like happy
in focus so good like up less safe
journey home you gonna say to the
people's nope
and you say to people era can't see
anything
check out Mac mafia it's very good and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
