is that happening in your new school
invited sure partly yeah
hello and welcome to this video with
Emilio and Dario what are you doing it's
not an ice cream we're going back to
school lads back to school does it mean
it's been offered the chickenpox but
she's going back to school today so if a
couple of more days left in this school
and then we go to the new school yeah
big girls kill they follow daddy yeah so
you have to pay really well today with
your friends because time's running out
yeah if you get the stickers you get the
shopkins yeah
all the days are for all right let's go
I do make videos yeah yeah sometimes
video yeah yeah yeah you ask all the
comments that's right yeah friends do
help friends do you want them to leave a
comment today
yeah I'm heading it to the dermatologist
I saw some comments being like you need
to go to a gerontologist it's not your
skin oh I am it's the process but thanks
for thinking of me and then there were
some people being like oh it's so funny
how Emilia I got the chicken pox and
only I and I got it
and I know it's not that's not like
someone genuinely thinking that I know
it's just the trolls being like nice to
you at my skin guys i have adult acne
it's just a thing that i have and it's
the thing that I struggle with all the
time but when I read comments like that
it just makes me feel even worse I just
don't understand why people leave that
kind of thing and I know I shouldn't
even be giving it attention but it is
it's hurtful like it hurts my feelings
like no I don't have chicken pox
I have adult acne and I'm trying to sort
it out but it's a process like you have
to understand that so when people just
give me crap about it it's just like
it's it's not something that I can
really help like that's just to my skin
I was like not born that way but it's
like hormones and stuff so like there's
not not much I can do about it except
for what I'm doing right now which is
going to the dermatologist regularly it
just I mean I shouldn't even be talking
about it it is really hurtful when I see
comments about my skin and see when
people are like wow she's so ugly with
that makeup I feel that way anyway you
don't have to say it anyway so that's
why sometimes if I don't have if I'm
having a no makeup day which sometimes I
want to like but I feel like pressure
because we vlog I feel like I can't
because people are just gonna say
horrible things about my skin I don't
know I just feel emotional about it this
morning
the treatment that I'm on is like works
over the course of a couple of months so
we'll see how it goes and hopefully it
works but it does take it does take a
while so I'm not expecting a miracle
overnight I'm just kind of sticking with
it and yeah that was my depressing run
all right so it's couple hours later so
you're finished it is we're going on a
little adventure huh look lucky Oh
careful though careful though okay but
hold on tight hold on tight oh all right
you see that in there isn't that cool
because he all of the trees from far
away
there's a tunnel down there huh come on
let's go so we are going to connect
Amelia's new uniform yeah so we have to
drop it in to get all her embroidery
done the names and everything what it
does look like you're at the zoo it's
ready nice zoo animals here no you don't
have titles but shoes do you have
oh that's interesting so zoos don't have
Turtles and they do have Turtles zoos
have Turtles but they don't have Turtles
no okay let's get into scary stairs yeah
they're getting even bigger each time
were they getting like heart oh look mmm
we're going that way
no look at this one okay this one is a
bit out of control
jump oh my goodness okay we vader's we
made us let's go get the uniform
zippy stitch Amelia ready let's go ahead
and see the uniforms ready is that you
in from there hello just got my face
shot done and literally very low
stupidest thing happened I was in my car
like vlogging obviously before I left
and this wheel that wasn't for just now
by the way it's probably other time
anyway so I was in my car like something
my car vlogging really those new crap
parking job anyway sorry so sitting in
my car
vlogging away and then I went finished
went to like start the car it was like
no key I was like then how do I get into
my car well I had obviously not locked
my car last time so I was sitting in
there without my key because usually my
key is one of those automatic ones that
like when you walk up to the car with
the key um when you walk up to the car
with the key it just automatically like
opens for you so that's what I assumed
happened but I think it had actually I
just hadn't locked it idiot it's my key
I had to go back in and find her
misjudgment
again these and I'm so sorry but you can
still jump oh I don't know mrs. duck dad
I will put in the mantel pets we're
putting the little fella don't have head
harness at heart he was just and I am
good okay come tell me your story up
here while we put it wine into bed you
get what you're hold hold me now don't
cry don't tell me now just hold up there
was a good boy okay we're not jumping
off the table okay this has turned into
a thing now huh all right
this is turning into a thing now you got
to be quicker yeah as it turns
isn't it funny feeling inside oh we
should have a music closely Cody Jody's
episode I'll be up for that that'd be
cool
what's need some math voice trainers we
need a band and orchestra the amazing
Boop his time for bed the little one
said don't go to bed without reading a
book cuz you would get a fun new look
when you went to school and said you
went to bed without reading a book an
acquire I like reading a book and it
just drops down there's a big bath
could be amazing the corridor is the
musical West End show right wait wait
what's happening here we're supposed to
go for a nap but now all of a sudden
everyone's having a book club when did
book club start okay go in your room and
wait for me that's a lie
yeah when did you get so smart when did
you get those works no jeez all right
we're gonna be here a while
late night why don't let's go hey yo
they paint right all right so we're
watching a movie this is happiness it's
now on the couch Oh what's this movie
called Oh Oh what's this movie about how
open on that for you on a banana what
you say means peas and please how these
here's you we're all children like Dylan
no no I don't want this there you go why
don't we r no careful allow allow or go
or I'm gonna blow irons oh boy listen to
me now is it Jimmy net all right come
here this is confusing me now what's
everyone doing
mommy's in the way of the light everyone
into bed no one dude get into your beds
come on right down guys we're reading
out these book Alfie alphabet I'm not
allowed in the bed hey break be B is for
bedtime and blankets all right why don't
give Amelia huh gonna kiss goodnight
know what this is face you have the
sleeping operation you come here I think
I'm gonna get my hair cut tomorrow crazy
but I haven't actually put the front of
my hair yet but hey to do that tomorrow
but I think it's time let's forgive me
it's time to say good night
it's time for the paper no no no guys
it's night time
it's the right time Shh no no no no
bye-bye Amina into mommy's ready bye-bye
I don't know I'm staying here
right hey give it while cutting any kiss
you're going now give him a cuddle and a
kiss go boy all right put the covers
over No
I'll read you a story and media is gonna
hurt bad now into mommy night media
night night Oh kissing our cars I'll
make it quick all right now go night
night mean yeah
the only
