I don't know you guys didn't see that
but that's Eduardo Zittel hand it's so
good good morning friends
good morning Eduardo you can't go inside
wardo when I was in the doctors I
thought I was absolutely Eduardo and the
chicken pox and she told me that he
excellent said about them vaccinating he
said like he can actually vaccinating
about I had no idea that she do that I
never did that when I when I was a kid
but I was asking like what's the
downside to doing it you know and she
said well the only thing about it we've
activated wardo against chickenpox today
now and he's gonna have to get a booster
in his adult life and I was saying oh
yeah but whatever like forget because
that's a long long way away and Eduardo
has children and then his waters
children gets the chickenpox and then it
turns out that the vaccine that he tooks
for chicken boxes actually expired that
your handprint it might be better if
Eduardo actually gets chickenpox now as
a child because he's a moon for life you
know so I think that's what we're gonna
do what are you doing at here also
thanks by the way to everybody the left
comments yeah like nearly five thousand
comments from parents here today and I
really appreciate that and you take the
answers with brilliance they're really
in detail so that's perfectly exactly
what we needed so I really appreciate
you guys helping me out with that
Eduardo if mommy comes down here and
finds you no no no it's like Stefan
o'clock in the morning you know jumping
around on a trampoline
yo lazybones
what are you two doing here we're trying
to figure out how to get the last two
smoothly do you want some breakfast guys
that's what it writer asked for Caroline
are they yeah oh where else if we got
chocolate moons do you just want
chocolate anything yeah just a big
spoonful of chocolate okay I think
Anna's enjoying this game more than
anybody else
chocolate says so I'm making everybody's
favorite blueberry pancakes
this is some of Minecraft she just wants
more tips we just started so plain flour
and then I need to get some sugar which
we don't have a lot of sugar so I'm
gonna have to use it from your sugar two
tablespoons of sugar I'm gonna use this
one we like one mixing the dry
ingredients trying to do this quickly
cuz I know that everyone's home free and
it's like half eight already
I used the Tianna spreadable one because
it's just softer and it doesn't solidify
as much as the other one the one that I
use for cooking would just want to put
in the pan this one it's solidify
sometimes which this one does as well
but it was a bit less you're the leader
we are heading into lunch I think we're
gonna go to the park but it just got
later and later it was quite late when
we like actually got to having breakfast
anyway so we're not quite make it work
but luckily Amelia doesn't mind
I don't know that F word oh I don't
think you read it understand so it's
fine
so I think we're gonna go to car Luke
Jones do you think because media said
that she wanted breadsticks
you are breadsticks why don't wants
bread sticks - Wow you know it's your
parking game or what sorry sorry so
Edouard is a cheap Jade for a future
yummy yummy laces are now what's going
on here
okay first one out here gets the more
gets the first breadstick
I'm sorry I didn't know you're telling
me a story tell me destroy it under walk
five four three good choice oh my
goodness Anna look it comes pre-made for
your shoes huh three issues it's already
done
I wouldn't even have to make it look at
this I've been abandoned it is
where's no one walking with Daddy weirdo
no hole a boy see girls team yeah all
right you guys want to go to friends are
doing gonna eat telly I had just been a
bread six in Italy who's that guys is
that Bianca what it's so cute
why do you want to get them let's get
let's get breadsticks person
huh falling off first the breadsticks
max just some tasters here can i cake
huh we should probably go get our breads
first hello we're superheroes now are we
superheroes are no yeah you're not a
superhero yet have to wear your mask
first to become a superhero it was
actually me the whole time I know crazy
okay gonna be a superhero
and as I superhero these superhero
thank you good right this is what we
came here for down breadstix
Oh Oh miss water oh yeah what
oh the ones right in the sides probably
aren't try having the ones around the
side so me Leon Eduardo got my new
cheese I'm gonna take the bacon off I
picked that for you you're welcome
and I got says she's meeting us let's
yummy though thank you I really didn't
know I wanted to get something you know
like in very soon it says sunshine in a
class don't touch them
my goodness these guys chocolate teddy
bears did you see them too look at the
size of them huh we have to get them
someday
alright come on what carry both of you
are getting picked up look what's
happened here what's happened here now
do you want to carry me home maybe okay
we're gonna you guys will tell you guys
half way and then we'll do a switcheroo
okay and then you guys can carry me the
rest of the way home yeah what that
sounds like a fair deal doesn't it it's
a deal
Emilio
what's even around in that corner what
oh my goodness where does that even go
guys literally I've never been to this
part of my town before look there
that's like spooky stairs isn't it good
good water let's go back to mommy
there's like 800 year old stairs like
spooky stairs poop there's an echo here
to the monsters coming a couple of hours
have passed
we've been chilling like villains we're
having a bit of an iPad Club situation
going on here I am near hand or playing
no man's sky amazing although I don't
know I don't know when you guys didn't
play nice but i pre-ordered it and I got
the bonus starship that had a warp drive
in it I must have played like for a
couple of days I had I've done so much
but then there's a problem with the game
like a glitch in the game that if you
had taken the warp drive you'd never let
him to build it and then you buy a new
one Oh myself and I made Carl Ron last
night trying so many things it takes if
I have to actually restart the whole
thing if you don't watch my once guy you
know I do what you want Peppa Pig what's
on is there an ad or something on easy
Elsa freeze easy o waster stopwatch
running or no you I'm Peppa Pig not this
what is this oh let's see one of those
subscriptions right oh this was big then
yeah boom just like that oh it takes the
clock
Ciccone Joanie's
what are you doing in the freezer it's
one of those kind of days friends when
you just feel like making a whole ladder
burns up potato waffles these are not
precise potato waffles there are whole
grains that are basically good for you
but there that actually looks like do
you ever see my mom's boyfriend he looks
like that guy uh so yeah fish fingers
we're gonna make some fishy fingers it's
just me tons and tons of fish fingers
and cinnamon bun ice cream that's the
plan no but we are just gonna make tons
of fish fingers actually likes fish
fingers everybody likes fish fingers
especially when it's a Sunday and you're
just feeling like Blair my technique for
putting the fish fingers under the thing
boom just like that
easy squeazy all right let's shake them
up a draw be i'll be i'll be i'll be
alberto huh
look at that look at our presentation
huh jamie oliver proud of this this
amazing thing we're making here hey
Albie I was just calling you because you
were being a little bit annoying okay
let's put it in the oven and that's it
that's my tutorial how to make fish
fingers boom easy peasy lemon squeezy
what did he why no don't be a snatcher
don't be a snatcher okay so we started
off this idea of fish fingers and then
it evolved to fish finger sandwiches but
we've just taken it to the next level
haven't we fish finger wraps with cheese
and ketchup
oh boy what do you think in the 90 comes
on
any plum is lots of fun he's ready for
fish finger wraps huh daddy invented a
new thing you did but are you ready for
this
daddy daddy has invented this are you
excited
right mr. mr. Dahle plum Dahle plum
sit down please Holly when Dahlia Mar 19
2014 4 l DS things are called tortilla
nice let's chop it in half this is good
so this is the adult version you have
four fish fingers two cuts up in the
cheddar kids enjoying it all right let's
get the flip flip part and let's wrap
this up let's send it out here we go
here's my one what are we guys reckon
what do you think daddy make good food
yeah what did you think of daddy's
dinner what what do you mean it wasn't
good Eduardo did you like that he's
dinner did you like that he's dinner
yeah was it tasty yeah and then you know
Anna's hair out flow parallel flow I
hate it because she's always complaining
I never eat her bacon I ate it
I hate it and turn that it was moldy I
just cooked like eight it was all there
you go mommy made me ate a moldy pie
where's max Mia you know moldy pilots
but daddy's dinner was good you should
make that lunch
it'll be in my book daddy's dinners it's
a good idea right it's get the wipes
let's go to bed good bye friends
say goodbye to friends
