good morning friends we're having got
chocolate stars yeah and someone's
excited and has been waiting for this
moment all week
so do it help me
come either also Jonathan forgot to put
the dishwasher on thanks Jonathan huh
so I need to put it on this morning so
it's running boy what are you doing you
allowed to do that uh no no just one
it's fine thank you
Oh careful careful you don't want too
many we need some sir a movie at 2:00
right should we finish time as I
finished and it'll be very careful
because it might spill everywhere let me
do it and you can help kay good boy
ready
whoa that was really good
I'll get it okay enjoy I licked up by I
giggle hey Eduardo I have some
interesting news for you okay listen up
I know you're probably wondering why I
asked attention span and out nothing you
probably are wondering I do why must I
always keep annoying my sister hmm
you're probably wondering why you must
always break everything Wow
but it weren't oh there's an answer to
all of this
are you ready I don't know if you're
ready to hear this word Oh Eduardo I
have some news
why don't I daddy my car look at daddy
ha I know hold your control your cell
phone emitters look at daddy look at
daddy
Aaron Eduardo you're a boy I'm sorry but
you're a boy I am a tool hero what I can
eat aah oh my goodness I see myself so
much this is a lot hmm like he just runs
up to Amelia steals her toys for a chase
is that all you want is no you want you
want a chase isn't it
you giving me hickeys what are you doing
oh he is the funniest as a man because
of flight if you'd like more fly Melia
is quietly sitting inside reading a book
with Ana
hey this lunatic comes inside rules
everyday it's time to officially call it
Eduardo this is your gender reveal party
this is your jam no one can tell you
what they'll be funny imagine you didn't
do you know the way like when you're
pregnant right and you have a baby and
you call like you do a gender-reveal
party
hey well nowadays but like any different
inside a window gender isn't this
business black and white so maybe you
should have a gender-reveal party like
when you're like a lot older you want to
jump out the window this is what I'm
working with here he wants to jump at in
a fine let's go let's go out do it now
I'm sure Bob ketchup ha hey want to go
for a drive yeah let's go come on oh my
god as we flipped over
WOB
you guys in hack Club what you're in a
hat
daddy's had we weren't that if Alice and
that he said that's wider that he looks
so funny
he says you're Anna and who are you
Aurora under now you are you own in a
mountain tonight with the snow bliss
never sleep over crystal says yeah cause
dust and knows build oh you don't want
to get snow in your dress guys oh well
have fun in the sleepover guys bye
so immediate edoardo were playing with
these boxes they're going to be their
slaves meaning I maybe take off the
boots yeah hey de la
so I bought these things they're like
see our medicine cabinet is a mess like
an absolute mess
so I bought these things from Amazon I
think you can get one bigger than this
as well but I wasn't sure if it would
fit so for now I've just got this medium
and the smell okay so here's what we
have so far this is the bigger basket
and I used this for adult stuff and then
this is the smaller basket and I used it
for kid stuff everything fit until I put
the nose frida in which you don't
actually use anymore but use it unlike
little babies so I actually really like
how it all turned out and then there was
tons of packaging that I had to throw it
there was tons of Medicine I had to
throw it out as you can tell like stuff
that was gone off or past its sell-by
date but I'm going to put these in and
then I'll show you the after what it
looks like okay so here's what it looks
like after I'm so happy like you have no
idea this is such a disaster zone before
and now it's just so clean and organized
so adult stuff this is just my pouch of
like vitamin like daily vitamins that I
take and like my hay fever stuff and
everything but I like to take this pouch
with me on holiday or when we go
traveling so that's why I have that
separate and then we've got a hot and
cold like a heating pad there and then
this is the kid stuff and it just looks
so organized and so much better and I'm
in love with it let's make a snack for a
little snack time what would you like
what would you like what would you want
were you after
do you want some gecko a cupcake hey um
want some juicy watermelon all rise put
a 1 an apple okay grab one there except
they look like lemons here let me help
you take one oh okay get one for
immediate ooh okay close that up
all right no what are you doing yes no
that was not the plan I was gonna chop
it up for you give me this one
Amelia do you want your Apple chopped up
or you just want to eat it like guardo
whoa whoa lady lady put down the sword
put down the sword lady put down the
sword lady lady put down now do you want
this Apple chopped up oh thank you
ching-ching COO or do you want it like
it vatos eating his like that you want
to cut up okay do you want me to cut
that up would you want to eat it like
that
you want to eat like that all right is
it
Albie you want me to cut you up or do
you want me just to eat you like that
excuse me excuse me
it's Nevaeh I feel okay I'm here why is
everyone in this house annoying leave
your dad alone oh you're on your own
Albie
thing with do you see Oh your friend
yeah is it good boy Theo oh my goodness
like gate won't open cuz look hidden
acorn an acorn broke the gate it must be
almost winter lights I don't think I'm
gonna I don't think I could fit at that
oh I know alright let's try it again
oh wow this is closing its closing my
god you bought footprints on 90 seat all
right this is where we're going
shocked Hills yum yum yum yum yum
all right
not not shopkins truck Hills
there's no shopkins in here no they're
not what there might be you can always
ask
all right
Thanks and that was yeah go yeah go yeah
yeah yeah go go let go let go let go
forget the bag anymore let go go
wonderful Mary let go let go alright
it's a couple of hours since we last
vlogs we're going on a super secret
adventure
nobody knows where we're going oh my god
knows what I don't know what you're
talking about
I don't I don't even know what that is
Oh old McDonald No
Oh McDonald's did he have a farm mama
the girl we got all sorts of everyday
Batman man
ma ma ma ma
hi this Pete embargo house I'm not you
can get opinion
look by the betta is it your funny Bunch
