hi guys welcome to read Patel hi guys
come away hello friends welcome to the
video I would say good morning but it's
actually late afternoon did you paint
with your feet are you a foot painter
his feet you're still got loads of paint
on your feet
you're a cardboard box that was the
house well they feel their feet with
paint and they ran around in it yeah
that's fine
wait wait a buck I'm so confused right
since Amelia's in off school without the
chickenpox
it makes me ready confused to what day
it even is because I always know that I
drop her to school which kind of makes
me like know what day everything is but
now what happy medium in school I'm so
confused as to what day anything is I
even know what day it is Amelia that's
what you've done to me broken me broken
me how you feeling today you feel a
little bit better me yeah your little
chicken pox are kind of crossing over
though nicely isn't that cool
maybe you'll get to go to Sorrento who
knows otherwise you like to stay here
okay
I'll go this rental would you oh no this
is the thing that the kids painted this
morning but look if you look closely you
can actually see their little footprints
there's meds so cute knit look at the
size of wireless foot in comparison my
foot
I've quite big feet though I don't have
like long feet i fat feet cuz I take a
size 11 so it's not like I have long 11
feet but I've just big fat feet there
was fun anyway this is my bed I have the
teddy bear that needs one teddy
I have free pizza
have full portal things got a waddle
turn did you like your book don't like
my y'all gonna be the best one in the
whole wide world
it's select and let you build your house
never have a different way I'll just add
one dudududdududududu to the idea
correctly give me a spoonful did he use
like a teaspoon
no let's build make your breakfast food
like an insane amount what are you gonna
make sure it is enough to dip the Apple
into oh yeah you don't get a horrible
yeah yeah children to make fun bits
chopped it up into loads of it so it
felt like there was more of it and it
was like a more longer snack like four
or five bits
Jonathan can you link please drive in an
area with no Sun thank you drive in an
area with no Sun your vibe you put your
vibe it's just an expression can you put
on like 20 pounds of aftershave no it's
the new diesel yeah it's not as strong
why did you do 15 is the one so we're
heading into for date night boat I don't
know I don't know where it's the parking
game just play the parking game free if
you want a restaurant in our town all
you need to do to get us to go to our
restaurant is have a parking space
outside the front reserve a parking
space every Wednesday for other areas
anyway lame stupid joke why no because I
we always Rover the parking spaces are
you driving on cycling you're just
driving on the most Awkward places to
blog cuz luck okay this happens and then
it's like ruined I'm not doing our
purpose
it's nice though it's mentions that kind
of seems like you are though look at the
my sunrise their form is lovely that's
the sunset okay on the sunset rising
setting okay hey going with some
beautiful streaky wing shield
all right now special effects particle
generator she'd always my two most
annoying person you know cuz then your
relationship will always be interesting
okay so where are we going for dinner
tonight
what are you doing what is that guy
doing that was a good spot and we're
gonna go to Valentina's because I got
the spot I'm telling you I'm telling you
I'm on to something maybe that's why
they need parking quickly quickly
quickly I'm gonna get run over
when I get run over and every won't get
that dinner I think it went over by a
learner car alright
Valentina's I should get uh Saucony
Jody's not house I'll be cool you know
mmm-hmm did you see everything in here
alright
which one this one okay so for dinner we
order it's the big tangle bread it
actually seems like or their bread
alright so if you want to be a bread
connoisseur let me tell you something
about this see this one here these two
are folk actress but they have life
goals and olive oil on the top that's a
winner it's one these are like for after
like they're too protective pudding to
put in bread this is the main course
fresh this is the pudding bread oh I
hope you Pangos is Renjo of you so
annoying
I'm hoping it's gonna work out the
timing wise although someone said the
intubation time off and chicken pox can
be up to 20 days three days
imagine II broke out like in Toronto but
then my sister said that she her son or
elder son all his friends got chickenpox
and she had like the chicken pox parties
and everything that just wouldn't touch
it you know so maybe Eduardo she's not
gonna catch it I'm gonna be here some no
idea
crazy let's eat some bread everything
better with breast cancer randomly we've
actually moved that's where we were now
over here she's just even here notices
I'm gonna think this is bacon this is
this is a scotch it's a sin Italian
Scotch egg it's bacon and inside here's
pasta and meatballs I got some pasta and
like spinach see we change it does look
different it looks different yes I think
that's smaller which is a good thing you
know it was a bit crazy
oh yeah oh I could eat all of that I
could eat all of that I could eat all of
- I can't eat all this loyalty card see
look at look at our parking job no
traffic free traffic free town Oh
chicken town this is a restaurant open
they tried to get em Walker Mama's in
our town but ad was complaints made so
while her mom has never happened which
is very upsetting
but then they open up this in a
restaurant called chicken time over here
I'm like welcome Mama's would have been
way better than chicken time yup a very
empty slantways all right what we do
after date night every single Wednesday
I'm butting our gene step one and then
we're gonna find future homes
it's our little game that we play then
we go into Rightmove and then we go and
see avid actually we're actually doing
it in two weeks because we're busy
there's a couple of new ones check that
we could make it straight like if we
Bend like this and you been like that I
can't bend it away
like okay well they had a shot let's all
get any chef they are so funny I are so
funny I could be a comedian so for my RS
okuni
I could be a comedian but I could never
speak English or I teach English not
Jesus you know we can be posh so full
do you want a Hertz donut
ya know that what you want a Hertz donut
no it's a car a Hertz the car
you mean like Hertz car rental yeah I
know our Hertz donut is when you go join
a Hertz down you know what a Hertz donut
yeah they go boom Hertz donut somebody
know it's funny boys talk enough it must
be a boy thing what it's not a boy thing
is a Hertz donut
I've been like I've never had that
before he's like anything what girls
don't do that to attorney what you did
say what did say what did in it say
what'd you say what there you go what
yeah see it's obviously a boy school
thing it's actually waiting for us as
Victor says what he goes what like a
Snickers it's what anyway that was
amazing you should try it on people
friends I know I maybe in a minute I saw
a really nice house you win a few never
gonna happen it's like so amazing but
Ana is convinced it's haunted she said
she's like - look at that outside she's
like that has haunted nose like it's not
haunted there was a sort of a vibe
because the house is about 200 years old
I think but this one I really want then
we went to that second party thing and I
was talking about the ceilings like it's
like that period when they build houses
they built really high ceilings and
stuff and I just really liked that but
yeah I did have it did have a little bit
of a haunted vibe 2.oh banana was like
convinced that she said this house is
definitely haunted
and it's definitely spooky so I think
that's a no but I was so nice though
leave a comment do you live in a haunted
house and have what's it like living in
a haunted house is it okay I said okay
sharing your house with ghosts can they
cut the grass like candy do chores can
anyone can they be
it can be gonna imagine it goes kid baby
sit out that could be actually my
workout well that will be handy wouldn't
it guys huh new visas claimed me it's a
little gang over here we have we have an
imaginary deadline in our heads when
we're gonna make this all happen and
that's just getting closer and closer
and closer you know Naveen so but I just
thought that was funny that we viewed a
haunted house it's interesting could be
a good twist in the blogs living in a
haunted house haunted house tour
particular title surprise there for that
one that's a good come and save it
anyway let's get out of here it's
getting here new we do we do you guys
think he's got you're fighting over me a
fight no me don't I have a lot of dogs
I'll be over there see nothing here yeah
good my friends I will see you tomorrow
hope you enjoyed the video presentation
situation I hope it was it was good hope
it amused you entertained you brought
something into your life your walk I
want you to leave this video thinking
that was good
I'm gonna watch it again and make sure
to watch it again ok leave a nice
comment the like button subscribe who do
you like the new ending with the hover
over enzyme whoa
my friends see you tomorrow
