good morning everybody how are we doing
today
why are you going I'm just going to go
and do a workout with Lucy that's all
how you feeling today Mina
let's see show me your Spotty's yes
shake it
you are chicken spots no chicken pox
yeah so we're not going to school today
oh honey school what you're saying home
acquired Oh is what I'm gonna go talk to
you
no one's going to blame it's what
everyone's swimming what are you want
after a bath you damn Willy
oh geez geez Louise huh
well fortune she did I'm getting the
temperatures well pretty a twin 7 so yo
Kyle Paul with brokenness huh
nasty nasty things there hmm
whoa look at all this get a couple of
Morris Gavin over that's good that's
good progression isn't it hmm what right
any better go and do his work ed why are
you pinching me Oh Lauren pinching
people you're supposed to be a Care Bear
cameras don't pinch people do they care
flowers
just finish my workout and now we're
gonna give the doggies some tree which
ones you want Mondays what mondays
beetroot biscuits so if you haven't seen
this already I think I showed it in a
flock and we've got these from Vista
tears biscuits biscuits ears days of the
week or treats and yesterday's another
instrument yeah yesterday's was
Gingerbread and
now to me some look I actually want okay
ready
can you sit get careless
Bianca feel good boy
can you get into bed Lucina hello there
don't mind my hair oh my goodness like
on my hair it's crazy
so someone sent me frizzies not somebody
um I got frizzies from business guys
once we fight about everything in life
may Amelia have Eduardo and I mean you
have a white up white oh you want to fly
yeah do you believe you can fly good to
you set up stake sit up straight
sit up straight let's just elbows say
yeah come on so we're on our way to a
meeting and Jonathan for Jonathan has to
get up like really early tomorrow
because he is going to a press event at
the new YouTube space thing is he has to
leave the house at 5:30 in the morning
and the press event is it starts at 8:00
I think a 7 they moved to change in 707
right ok so starts at 7 you guys are all
invited by the way but the reason I it's
over now cuz this blog has got up no
reason I'm not saying anything because I
don't want you guys to come for her to
meet me at 7 a.m. at 8
you guys that's like insane anyway we're
getting this Mike I just don't
understand I don't get it but um oh
thank thank God we couldn't get kept
cover for the kiddos I'm taking the hit
for the time it's like oh that's really
annoying that you can't get babysitting
for that day not for 5:30 a.m. but yeah
we do have children so you a media is
really not feeling well so and I she's a
temperature I like you guys you know
it's so funny the whole passport thing
that's like we were I was really worried
about it but we finally got the passport
King sorted and media can go to Sorrento
boom she gets the measles or the
chickenpox and then if she's still in
the infectious stage she can't go on an
airplane
don't let her on the plane she's indeed
but they all have to be like crusted
over and he'll check on the school for
another week but there's yeah you got a
lot yeah we should make it it should be
okay not her that I'm worried about
wardo I don't just even started yet I'm
like why has he not got it yet like
what's going on like please just get it
and I get to like two days before we go
I'm scared of because I'm like full how
much concealer you know to 100 layers of
makeup challenge I try to conceal out it
does
because I we should do or like that
tattoo
it's like concealer for tattoos really
really thick heavy dispute size and in
surrenders has melting up no I'm just
worried I don't have any scars no I
think I have a couple on my head because
I might have picked them I don't think I
don't think I ain't picked any I did
have way more though than her but I
didn't get it till I was like eight or
nine all right we're back home it's a
couple hours later but you guys I don't
know if you guys know Adam P Diaz he's a
21 year old guy from the UK he recently
won a gold medal in the Olympics in
swimming for the UK to go he part of
this video and then he put it up with a
video was circulating of him doing this
like super PD press up this is the
precip thing here boom okay now I saw
this and I was like whoa I was like that
is crazy good right so this morning when
I was training with Lucy I was telling
her I was like I just dis Olympic gold
medal at Lee dude did this press up
thing I was like you reckon I could do
that you know and so we gave it a go and
I was able to do it
so I'm a 36 year old old fart of a dad
it's in the only nursery in the mornings
I tell you but how cool is that always
so tough to myself that actually able to
pull that off I'll put it on Twitter
this morning cuz I was like oh my
goodness look at I managed to but it
just shows lights like I don't know
haven't you guys how long you guys been
watching itself but like you know only a
couple years ago I was like over 200
pounds I was like really out of shape
ever since after University I kinda just
like spiral the head control eating and
you know my body changed when I hit my
30s my metabolism slowed down massively
and also my 20s my teens I was a super
active athlete and and then just
something changed and I just became like
overweight and really unfit and and I
ant really badly and in my mid-20s um I
was in a job I didn't like I was in a
relationship I didn't like I was I had
become a person I didn't really like so
my self-esteem was low and I shot I was
just doing a lot of sitting a lot of
eating you know but definitely when I
had a media that really kind of woke me
up a bit and I wanted to be a fit
healthy strong parent um and then since
then I've been kind of working towards
it and then you know obviously there's
ups and downs but definitely the last
year you know I've got my diets a lot
better my everything's a lot better but
to be able to 36 years old to I was just
I was just really tough um maybe it
looked hey maybe or maybe everybody can
do it but I was well true to myself that
I was able to do that this morning so
yay me look at my two girls look at the
pink ladies today is are dressed in pink
mm-hmm you matching mommy where are your
doggies in your Winnie the Pooh are you
ready for a bad time
no you wanted to say here wise oh you
stand here Oh mommy
well I put water in the bath and said
yeah oh is that daddy daddy we need a
poo
no daddy oh are you
he likes honey look at her bucks
we just had a sieve anymore start over
don't turn around look at the ones in
their back first
get some in your nose okay you don't
have any you have some in your head umm
largest flush the toilet then you got
some here let's see turns right oh jeez
magorium huh and your hands oh my
goodness but hopefully they're going to
be gone soon okay
on your knees as well oh my god yeah
they're everywhere
these are my home and oh my neck oh my
goodness
I should we start pushing the toilet for
10 seconds maybe mister come here to me
like a monkey man hello mr. flusher you
can underneath the toilet there okay
oi bunch of
it's a little game we play at nighttime
called big bear little bear where water
runs up the stairs and I crawl over him
as Big Bear and he's little bear your
little bear I don't want a story I read
you a story in your bed if you get there
before I came to five otherwise no story
one two three
I have to get to your bed before I count
to five three four five
oh you just made it
there's the Gruffalo
there's the touch Gruffalo and smell
book or touch and feel summer scratching
sniffs is that still a thing yeah Oh
stretch and sis what only off you'll
wash oh the flower one the Gruffalo one
okay you have to bet Gruffalo
that'll scare be Jessica's huh huh huh
Shh my favorite I remember them all
right now let's read our story because
we know Emilia isn't gonna be coming in
here so it's just you and me where I
know immediately won't be coming in here
because immediately what do you mean
Emilia where did you come from you're
not mommy
Amina okay everyone open the book
liqueur reading The Gruffalo book okay
no no no we're reading it in wireless
bed no no no oh where are you going
where are you going revolt emergency
wash is going on here all right - are
those room Hey tonight we're reading The
Gruffalo peepees okay doom doom he has
terrible tusks and terrible claws and
terrible teeth he has knobbly knees and
rounded toes and a poisonous wart
it's not the end of his nose sticky do
you have mr. keen nose yeah does it mean
it no I don't he has ugly nose does
anybody have even to come it and leave
in the comments if you have a green nose
yeah it has clean no he goes Thank You
Amelia he goes his eyes are orange and
his tongue is black do you have a black
tongue does wired him over laptop yeah
me in the comments and see who has up
yeah tongue this is this has become an
interactive story he has purple prickles
all over his back do you have to go
pricklies no need me to come it let's be
back oh oh no it's the Gruffalo leave in
the comments who has chicken spots that
look clean yeah okay if you have chicken
spots that look green leave comments or
if you have chicken spots either way
let's go let's go let's take a pie to
our friends side ready ready bye friends
see you tomorrow
and it's a salty kind of conduct
open the window
