oh my goodness it's so warm good morning
friends it is the night after the
morning after Mike is very sorry no I'm
already sure this morning again look at
this hat look I'm not really sure
where's the breakfast situation this
place is so cool
this is so nice alright we're having
some breakfast but ana-lucy here without
my naps here's the question guys do you
put your apps in folders or you have
what alright how many people at the
table put their apps in folders folders
so I don't know format leave comments
and let us know do you put your apps in
folders
I have like seven pages of just random
apps I know where they all are I can
find them
oh my goodness look at this whoa it's so
cool-looking what it because I've like a
giant maze in your house you'll be
amazing we are leaving
Clifton house - some people were wanting
it Cliveden yeah they want actually I'm
still confused I also left my Invisalign
at home and I feel they probably haven't
after just one day like I took them out
yesterday morning and literally forgot
about it oh yeah although I still was up
at 8 we were yeah that's the thing about
having kids like oh my goodness guys
like we had a meeting at 11 we were like
next like have a nice lazy day and all
that stuff and then you still wake up
yeah you know I think this is not the
way we drove in no I think this is we're
reaching the Saturn I was trying to get
me to come and rumor
yeah I recommend this place friends yeah
definitely in every room like a suite or
did we just get I don't know there was
sorta like we had that basically the
whole place to ourselves
so I saw tons of rooms I saw some rooms
but the rooms had all like hot tubs and
stuff in their balconies you know so
yeah you're by summer home
all right road trip rules we're stopping
live for Starbucks we've literally got
to the first exit we literally went to
the first exit it was like services like
yes please
Starbucks and food I'm sticking it does
are dangerous they are a really big
group of armed police effectiveness and
alarms are going off all right here we
go
let's check this place out okay we just
realized this place is not the one we
went to but it is identical we just came
here a night Wednesday and I feel like
Starbucks yeah so it's there
it didn't have a little chair though in
size chair there's a couple of changes
couple of different you pay with the app
all right oh yeah oh really I'm just
gonna get a copy into like juice and
stuff through pot the attic or we had
quite a late breakfast there you know
daddy's like two fried eggs and there's
salmon
water yep and we are home and it is
sunny oh my goodness
sunny situation that's hello hello hello
yeah where's daddy's Coto Eddy's to me
daddy's ring anywhere pink oh you bring
my suitcase in please oh thank you thank
you
Oh guys my chair I've built and
everything looks
it's so cool isn't it oh my goodness
all right I gotta edit the vlog I
haven't I haven't a blog yet for today
we got a head of it in the new chair
best chair in the world that is you
ready for this you ready for this all
right let's get this thing open somehow
that's cool
I get it look at the back support and
everything on there it's so cool-looking
it looks kind of futuristic as well
isn't it
there's a futuristic all right let's try
and get it out of here I like it I like
it matches my suitcase ah here attest oh
oh it's real back support D isn't it is
your future like it looks isn't it it's
real like a really support your back
it's very it's very supportive
emotionally see it's like super back
support if you're like well I don't even
know if it's comfortable but it's very
back supportive okay let's go edit a
blog in it see if maybe maybe the video
will be different in this thing I have
no idea what the brand name is or
anything to tell you anything about it
other than it looks like this Google
this
Zardo okay Betty's home did you miss me
did you miss daddy your clothes on here
your boobies mommy has babies did you
miss daddy yeah
what Oh a new book your little blue bed
book uh-huh
I miss you mister did you collect Amelia
from school today yeah did you drop him
in at the school today
wow you're a big boy right L will join
uh put some clothes on and we can go
downstairs yeah Oh nice clothes will we
change your knickknacks maybe what I did
it put it in the bin there's reason guys
it's were no I don't know what it is but
he just looks like older or something
there's another one in there okay we'll
just pull your one in good job for some
reason he just looks older today oh
thank you good boy close that one too
good job come on let's go yeah did you
miss your daddy all right
what camera did okay we're at my hand
but I need my hand
let me son
no mommy thought in their mommy's
downstairs do you want to see mommy
you got a new chair look isn't it cool
daddy's new chair makes thatI that study
is naughty chair that made daddy's back
sore that he has a new jail did you want
to collect him but he came down to me
himself
oh hello
Oh your new house very nice oh look it's
got little windows I'm already in kind
of when if they come in more all my
things have to be in vice say you know
your property let's do a house tour guys
so that new head store I'll get it Senor
Nunez tour we need to close the doors
okay you see this one it's all right who
built this house we built this house on
rock and roll we did this world and run
off so anyway tell me up walk into your
hands so show me where's your room I
need some more like hold on
yeah again you can clear this door but
will it be spooky glides if I close the
doors okay
oh but it'll be spooky oh it's gonna be
spooky little ring back yeah okay we're
now in a spooky house yeah look she
doing those nice legs in place see your
suitcase what else I am in hmm just what
I've seen hello hello Easter I love this
day oh hello hello Anna
Bashar halasana I like your house what
time yeah Wow you get mr. mole nice did
you give mommy a makeover talk me talk
me through the makeup so what did you do
so I fast yeah you can put that all over
the face yeah that's very nice Amina no
no no I'm nervous because you're all
fresh from your bath yeah yeah well done
good girl what's next to media so many
products to choose from you did one but
you didn't do this one this buddy is
really great is it so I'm gonna put on
you and me know you want to use that one
I'd want to use this guy
no is it chocolate
nice oh thanks that's a really good one
right am i ready now for the ball yeah
he's my Mirena for the ball know if she
need one more thing what one more thing
love to take off makeup that's for after
the ball it's makeup removing pants
let's how you take it off you can use
this one if you want if you like bye bye
mr. blue by Verizon you tomorrow
I don't forget to leave a paper on a
 let's dump in truth and behind me
to me
