Oh what all arms in the video I know
I've been video hello Mimi at what she's
on your honor
yeah
Oh her and who are you Anna Anna so your
honor
she's honor your mommy's honor okay no
no okay Nestor Oh her queen out zenki
daddy cleanest Oh honor that equinox
Anna yeah and your queen us and mommy
Wow ooh a mine you are my dang guys I'm
a big brother and my Queen Elsa big
brother honor daddy
right over is why we're going to your
palette again extra hello friends where
we going
a castle going to a castle where the
beetles save the beetle stayed in this
castle lately yeah I'm a hundred percent
sure I think it felt like them are you
sure we're learning this party now rumor
has it it might be a murder mystery type
thing
now justice Best Buy I started this
rumor so it could be wrong but I just
I'm hoping it because they're talking
about you gotta be there at a certain
time and you gotta be able to start and
then it's called Midsummer's thing I'm
like Midsummer's murderers so I'm hoping
that that's what it is cuz I was yeah
I've been petitioning dumb when we were
in LA that I was like come on do a
summer party but do you like some sort
of murder mystery thing we're hired some
actors and stuff I think would be so
cool to do it
that's just my guess I could be wrong
could be wrong
I got a saucy Sarney and I got a tuna
thing I also got some sweet chili
thingies and this is really
we're in Cobham it's definitely my
favorite part you know when we going to
the road trip like get some like saucy
Sambo's just like chill and the services
and you're like road trippin with my
favorite wife see you my favorite way of
all the way because I've had you're my
favorite
look guys that's where you went for
lunch yesterday we're like it's our new
regular spot Germany today our regular
spot with me that I said Kensington in
that oh yeah
the prep the pregnant second tip we've
moved and I had a saucy sambo boom okay
it's like a regular spot now yeah oh no
no yay quickly guys we're back on the
road oh yeah we came off and said why
don't I go thinking maybe it'll be gone
by the time we get back ya know
not fun so we're doing hey cuff it we
invented traffic yes like bollards
uh-huh like on either side and our car
is quite big
all right welcome to fly often all right
where's the house I'll come for the
house
oh no we gone to the wrong place don't
think so
hope not I feel like this isn't the
hotel yes this is the road same entrance
eyes I don't know how close borrows that
again go up to the top of the hill to
the fountain and then turn left and then
you'll see that hotel in front all right
thank you
whew I've always thought how we were
going back true to ballers
houseguests yeah yes was it nice it's so
cool it's a big shell we should never
know hey guys this is our new house
surprise oh my why is this the Coney
Jolie one we are here in our house this
thing is amazing guys look at this place
that we're staying in
did you know that wind and willows who's
written here or the inspiration for it
yeah this far is he gone the little moly
fella here he is here look hello No so
we give you a little look around so
outside you can see it's amazing look at
the ceiling
oh my goodness this is I want a house
like this this is what I've been looking
for guys a house with this kind of
ceiling in it it's amazing so
cool-looking isn't it whoa and you've
got this area here just like for Oh a
secret door there's lots of secret doors
this place is filled with secret doors
meeting places and nice artistry is
another secret door toilet but
apparently there is a swimming pool and
a spa and everything which I would like
to check out I'd like to find out would
be cool to go for a swim so my back is
still sore that would help anyway we
spend about an hour outside talking
everybody ready no we just never
everything we arrived here like good
hour ago yeah right - half - that sound
half three we just got to the room oh my
goodness oh we're about to go into the
red carpet party there's a pool Oh Oh My
gods all your new hits amazing
oh my goodness this is so cool this is
so cool right away on our way this is
tomorrow I can't say if it will use a
comment like Joey a rest tomorrow
sometimes you put your guarantee
somebody's gonna be a while I got him
where she she's gone that this is gone
you mystic alright here's a scotch egg
guys which part of sausage and there's
an egg in the middle
my first ever scotch
it's amazing isn't it
oh my god it's like a mini fries it's
amazing this is the greatest magician in
the world
what Zoey's blog you've got the whole
thing and yeah Zoey's blog for dynamo
and then about five or six years ago and
told me he told me about these stickers
you can get notes it's like a scratch
card material
don't scratch it off yeah okay let's try
this yeah yeah can I use my own around
yeah yeah sure sometimes you can get
like a image
I want to leave you with a little
souvenir so that if we squeeze the two
cards together if we squeeze them
back-to-back one in your hand for me if
we push down on the two cards of your
connection this 10 years now coming
together right
frozen together alright so we had dinner
and everything I told you if you got
some baggage it was really good though
it was a barbecue
I had a beach ball I also know I already
told you add a scotch dang I'm still I'm
not over two Scotch egg situation and
there was some speech done to the speech
there's a jacuzzi wear the pink pelicans
in it look at that starched Scott could
you imagine if the kids were here look
at that over here is how much fun would
be to jump in remember the temptation is
regeneration hello hello swanee we're
moving to a second venue new venue now
just walk by the fire
don't be alarms whoo
another cup of fire
guys there's a new DVD out on the pixi
rooms what's gone she will come to your
house
we are trying we can see something we
are trying to gain answers came into the
pool which he apparently has the way
okay we're in someone's room don't be
alarmed we all just ran on a hot dog
crawl and see if this works
hello friends as you can tell I am back
home now and I got very messy and very
sloppy but it was so much fun that was
like the best good like work party I
have been filled we've been a lot of us
cream pie it was so much fun like I
didn't vlog a lot of it because well we
ended up in multiple hot tubs so I lost
the vlog for a couple hours so I don't
even I didn't even know where it even
ended up but it was so much fun last
night oh my god it's just like everyone
was there every wasn't good spare I
drank Pimm's for the first time never
had that before it's actually really
nice it's like those fruit and stuff in
it
I just Scotch egg I never knew I made a
joke really a few days ago but in the
petrol station the Scotch egg thing
sausage it's sausage and egg wow it's
amazing
umm what else I saw just it was just so
much fun it was so much fun I hope you
guys enjoyed the video
it went a bit funny at the end here oh
yeah it's summer in the city tomorrow
totally forgot about that summer
tomorrow awesome so I will see some of
you guys in the city tomorrow we're
doing ours
I don't want telling you this because
this it's already happened for you
because it's tomorrow but we're doing a
meet-up I'm reading two panels so I hope
I get to see some of you guys at summer
in the city and for the rest of you that
I don't get to see in summer I will see
you here
same bat-time same bat-channel
friends
