good morning hi-yah hi-yah hi-yah hello
hello
no hello today is low hell lies because
as you know we have to go back into the
embassy today try and sort out the
passwords because we got everything
signed and everything which is
easy-peasy but I forgot southern rail
are going on strike this week pray so
there's very limited trains between here
and central London so that that has in
turn delivered a new obstacle how am I
supposed to get to London today comport
stroke Oh No so I think this is why our
choices are we can go to Gatwick and get
the Gatwick Express which is also Roma
sudden rail so it's disrupted if we got
all your things
yeah this is your hand up look at you
what do you doing what look at all your
things do you need to hold all of those
things here's the two would be the only
things I mean I might get curry and
fasting up today oh my goodness guys
look at these guys are running me whoa
hey hey there hey there just just do a
nice cold one this morning oh yes I just
pull in they look so funny oh do them oh
hey hey there how's it going oh my
goodness a sizer they actually look big
enough to be like humans huh it's
brilliant
who needs car alarm when you have two
big monsters like that I'm thinking
about going over to him but then I was
like I might upset them into myself
parking and you might I should just
break out in a car and then like eat
everybody in the car part here that
wouldn't be fun hello mister man
I got an envelope
No hey who's that who's this just Jenka
and seeing that a new visa Theo
squiddy's here mm-hmm
he loves glitty the non strike train
good morning dear Mike Lynch is under
pinchot via Wendy's train
we are in
we made it under strength pain
different different on the strike day
and then strike to go somewhere
different
right here at 19 that was the end never
gone up this far okay now if we go and
get a subway but last time we went to
the embassy we made the mistake you're
going to London Bridge room we walked
across the bridge and everything that
was terrible to say what about a
terrible mistake quiescing 11 stops in
the underground where it's because
you've done the Victoria we only have to
say to stop letting you know so
hopefully we want to be in the embassy
in the next 15 minutes
like how are you saying I can't remember
yeah oh yeah regular right good
you don't think you get the free coffee
he had to sound we got two points do you
get an get on a paddle salmon and
avocado is good laughter Mars here this
is what I get every day every time I
come here it's my regular and a seems
like we can have my camera regular this
I got a tuna toasty
I'm actually not
I wanted to get something different yeah
to not tell me - here's looks nice
I'd always beat you know I eat something
different every day yeah mayhem ice
cream - getting off the train while
getting on the train
whoo it's cold did you miss me did you
miss us today huh did you have fun in
school today yeah bread and pasta right
so we're heading off to get immediate
school uniform times three you need to
have like three two or three because you
need like backup ones for when they're
that little so it might get expensive
but I mean it's okay because aside from
the dress these are all things that
Eduardo can wear because they're going
to have the same uniform so aside from
the dress obviously so first off we need
to get the uniform but we also need to
collect Amelia's ballet shoes because
they were the elastics were like both
are from Amazon the elastics didn't come
so non so stupid ended up paying more as
polydemic must shoot but anyway yeah so
let's do that here we are
squats so we got your shoes your ballet
shoes your school your school uniform is
being labeled
at the Zippy stitch place
no no no they just have to label
everything that's what your teacher said
remember going to show your shoes wow
you're gonna put them on when we get
home hey Mimi I mean it is in a very
important meeting here that's for you oh
oh that's it making moves you got the
tent and the scooter did you know a
scooter going inside as well oh they're
all nice doggies I didn't even notice
you
oh my goodness white oh did you know
that kieran debuted us oh my goodness
okay
kieran has gone home it's dinner time
for some people which people are having
their dinners right now do you know
which people oh right like head to toe
this guy that salads he got house what
that was a nice man wasn't he bought you
presents wow this is now
Kieran and we're discussing your future
and then he did did he give this little
book to me well he didn't give us a
sticker books you know
when did you get a sticker book oh maybe
he did give you a sticker book that was
nice of him
you wanna have your dyndns now yeah you
feel like serving dinner now little Mr
Man
what yeah there is this dandy dozen
melee as I can rely watching me as I
pass one but we have iPad Club yeah what
can what do we watch when we watching
okay stuff we watch right oh what's your
favorite thing to watch on YouTube
mmm bad thing Peppa Pig what if it's the
Cooney Jolie's what you like Sigourney
Joanie's who's your favorite youtuber no
daddy you're supposed to say daddy is
hey yeah yeah how much of my iPad wait
this might know I'm watching my iPad no
it's my iPad it's my iPad all right mate
all right mate they're more I played
mate Amelia I have an important question
for you who is your favorite youtuber
Jemima
Jemima I've t100 you've two ones okay I
like that it's your mindmap
no no we're talking about youtubers
though people who make videos who's your
favorite person that makes videos Maggie
yeah hi I'm Valentina well Valentina
doesn't make videos I love that like
Emilia now like she's in school
well preschool and she's making so many
friends you know it wouldn't like you
can see them sometimes in the vlogs and
then we're at the playground yes if you
just Randy went up in a Sunday and we
knew like half the kids in the
playground I know most of the parents
there and it was kind of really nice
we're really starting to feel like we're
trying to become like part of a
community I think as an adult it's a lot
harder to make friends it's not as easy
to make friends here and
the kid is a kid like it's really easy
cuz you're in college or school or you
know I mean you're part of clubs and
stuff when you grow up become an adult
sometimes I don't life can be quite
isolating you know and I'm especially
because I'm self-employed you know I
have my own company and I kind of work
here and I kind of worked here suppose
as well so the two of us have our own
business and we kind of work together
but I'm finding now that Amelia's gotten
older and you know I'm part of like and
she's part of lots of different
activities and lots of different parents
and stuff like that like him you know
it's really cool you know I mean it's
like oh so this is how all the grown-ups
have friends especially if you move
country like we did where all our family
and friends from growing up are in a
different country you know so we moved
here not knowing anyone and now two
years later we know a lot of people
we've got a lot of friends now but I'm
finding friends in my town in this
village that we live in it's just really
nice to just stroll up there in a Sunday
but I can't what's going on here and
then it meters like running around all
her friends and then whistle I just it's
really cool and then when Eduardo joins
the rugby club stopping happening I was
in a rugby club
you gotta go in row me and it is no
better yet break it to her gently so I
was feeling a bit discouraged about the
whole um selling clothes thing because I
swear it looks like I've got lipstick
here I don't maybe I do right I was just
feeling a bit discouraged about the
whole thing because I was like it's just
so much effort like why does it smell
like poo in here
seriously it smells like poo
I feel like somebody pulled in here and
it wasn't cleaned up but how is that
possible
I feel like think does anybody else
smell poo wait maybe it's coming from
outside
maybe it's like me or Jonathan and winos
room stinks of poo gosh doesn't can you
come up here for a second you can have
his juice not spill yeah why I would
everybody put in my handy today yeah
wonder did someone make contact with the
bed and I was like oh my god what do you
mean I wonder did some of it make on a
turret did or didn't well I don't know
but I came in last night and I was like
literally it stinks in your ceiling pool
unless of course actually oh god what
what the hell is that
Oh what the hell is that oh my god the
poo is that dogs no it was the one that
I caught which wasn't what is wrong with
you how did you not see though I caught
the one in my I put my hand in and
caught the pig what story is even is
this I caught the poo in my head but
oh you're actually disgusting you're
disgusting person please go see because
how could you not see and I even looked
under the bed and I didn't see down
exactly
I don't disinfect the floor like in fact
let me do it oh I knew I could smell it
and then I was like sniffing at the
window like maybe it's manure complete
cycle oh my god that is so disgusting
oh did you see how clean his room looked
like it literally loved pristine you're
disgusting I why I didn't do it
the bed that you if that was me that
wouldn't have happened i king of all the
party I guess just you know it
nothing it's so gross guys
I'm gonna warm spring because how can my
child see but this actually toxic is
toxic in here oh god that's as far as it
goes
great shall we have a race to the bad
guys yeah Wow what does the winner win
stellar wild oh I stepped on these I
stepped on his hand oh that was nice of
you
what is nice of you oh all right let's
go follow my follow Amelia spots
everyone you leading everybody ah what
what happened here oh geez my room now
wait we move winos bed into media's room
Oh what's gonna happen double is that
hooked on monkey straight back to that
goodbye friends we good kappa game we
are the champions of jumping on the bed
yeah we're as a champion of cooing in
the bed now right Oh huh
I'll see you guys tomorrow are you my
champion you duel with the champion
hello my friends I'll see you tomorrow
possibly
you are
