I'll friends the Internet
sunlight this morning I'm trying to
still sort at this passport situation
with Amelia so of a couple of options
here today one of them was like go to a
vet so we actually have a vet that we
use with obviously the dogs so they do
know us almost on GP now we don't really
use our NHS GP we use a private GP think
she's here today so I'm going to go
inside here and see if I can get these
forms signed hopefully this is this next
clip it's going to be me all jubilantly
and happy because I got it done hello
everybody
she was mommy's bracelet on Oh mommy's
necklace on really oh no battery just
ahoy lads familia I have something to
tell you so Amelia able to get your
passport sign and that means you can
come to Sorrento Wow today baby nothing
weird Oh
he's Ward oh oh you look so cute but
you're a naughty boy we got it guys did
it are we trying to say winter now um
well we're gonna skate part first
mommy maybe maybe but how cool is that
we got it done friends we did it
oh my doctor helped me out she hooked me
up sign to form sign stamped and it's
done oh you users
mr. me having a bag although it is
little pile of munchkins over here what
can I be the one who has the music we're
not doing the glasses where is it oh
it's new one today you look up look up
me then cup we're too low snapchat so
much here's a question no guys snapchat
or instagrams chat I haven't done the
Instagram stories yet but I must try it
I was thinking I might take it for a
test drive this weekend do look up their
Instagram snaps what do you guys think
though leave comments how you feel about
it Instagram snaps on Instagram I have
like a million followers on Instagram so
maybe more people would be able to watch
Instagram stories than the one in
snapchat but snapchats like I don't know
I like the community on snapchat you
don't get any comments so you don't get
any negative feedback and anything you
do on snapshot so that's kind of fun on
Instagram I don't know maybe oh maybe
you can leave comments and Instagram
stories actually come to think of it
there is no interaction is there oh
maybe it is not huh interesting if I
give it a test drive let me comment in
here what are your thoughts on it what
are your thoughts on the whole situation
I gotta get to Douglas there barking I'm
making my lambs
yeah bye
although needs a male and the male don't
taste life don't taste nice yeah
ggg-go me yeah have to feel Adam doing
what doing rap districts tasty now we're
gonna make a century here we go Mike
Jeffery who yummy whack ow
hmm there will be one more - I won back
I made my legs English I'm rhyming when
I by my side but remained a huge subject
so I'm having lunch outside the kids I'm
so proud of them for making their own
lunch today
and media was so happy with herself like
so chuffed
hi
just so we're clear there's no way she
can open the window farther than like
this much so it's not dangerous but I
don't like to drink it anyway come down
Amelia come down to - mummy yeah they're
safe they're totally like child safe
windows Oh John's up there comes I'm
sorry
salmon salad for lunch let's go and get
some food don't we let the rolled hold
my hand
jeez man can't be just running around
the place for the people say what do
people think oh my goodness
where you going this one is where the
water that's up from his nap this will
manage from here
really that's is prevalence this one is
where I get mugged me and this one is
when we come back four masses oh you
have a whole plan deal yeah oh okay
people call in the basket as well okay
Mina as a whole plan here lies the whole
plan there's a whole system at the
system and a plan and everything I'm not
involved in a problem looking there Lucy
the first get in control one okay
dancing Morrises all right what are we
looking for again I forgot Bella
hello mister what where are your pants
ah there's your pants you have no pants
on weirdo you do need no pants tense
no do you wanna come downstairs yeah you
never get you have a nice news yeah dad
Kayla I'm Bob do you play with amber
I'll lock wife
whoa can you stand up there Wow when did
you learn to do that
wow that's cool yeah Oh Ricky down yeah
that's me
Hades Oh laughs ah be the baby yeah huh
all right let's put your little shorts
back on let's get in size to Amelia and
mommy go get Mitchell it's on research
Wow oh my friends we've made some pizzas
it is almost longtime vlog time in four
minutes that's my one then there the old
gluten free pepperoni and then we've got
this is the kids ones here
nice are we excited are we excited for
the pizza time our dough what you're
putting your hair up if we got frizzy
hair - yeah I got frizzy asking one
atomic what look someone suggested a
product that I have I love your hair
that's what I asked for I want your hair
I used to have hair like this knows a
kid oh it's so nice okay what Francesca
yeah
oh the car you want the car you just
it's you're scared of this card oh this
is car get you sometimes Oh
gonna get you it's gonna get you know
I'm getting this look at this everybody
Eduardo
everybody's in shot sorry Queen outside
look at everybody there everyone's in
the shop
Amelia Ella look like like it's so cute
what oh sorry
hey what are you guys watching
Tinkerbell
do you like Tinkerbell yeah more you
look at guys like a larious you like
this one I'll be what cuz daddy's here
no you're not my friend anymore
oh is that what you have to say everyone
else thinks I'm wonderful climb up me
and I'll take you to the scene then dead
and nananananana minute heaven then head
meet captain codfish you want to press
the buttons
ah my name's captain corner fish yeah I
and the pirate of a pirate crew and I go
first a button
Eduardo manages Ana do under press the
button let me introduce you to my Paris
the Pirates are fearsome guy they're
cutlasses go flash ting bang what ping
balance middle hello
they climb up where to see gold sword
when I was turned Western the sequel
sore weirdo haha I hear music oh I do
wait to noise your disparage if I tell
ya I should have taken a cruise ship one
night while they were sailing a storm it
did come off
hurlan and in noise and the gales and
the waves they did go crashing and
crashing and bashing in the wild
it's a storm it's a storm
ah that's the story of the pirate ship
now come here to me say goodbye to our
friends - oh oh
you
