oh it's like a Mamet or something in
here I heard like a rustling so we're
heading to my be reason to ballet which
is it's like a drop-in session but
they're doing over the summer and then
I've got the dermatologist afterwards
which is really inconvenient but I just
had to reschedule everything we excited
yeah it worked not today
I know if he's Benjamin we so excited
yeah cuz it's summer
yes my ballet class every day every week
yeah yeah right so the gerontologist
that I go to our office is right there
like Harley Street right there so I
parked here which is kind of not far
from LA but I just needed to park like
somewhere a little bit closer because I
think I might have to run look at this
little money just running after a
seagull
where've you gone - oh you saying
goodbye to them - the seagulls did you
chase them good job right come on let's
run back to media yeah
hello friends I don't think I've even
blogged today huh it's so busy but he is
here oh sorry
who's this Wow oh hi Belle I mean he
comedian Jesus you are oh well that's
mean in Eduardo yeah then who are you me
you're you did you get it I'm your Anna
and I who like mommy Anna
no no I'm mommy Oh am i daddy hi our
kids are here our two children
Belle and Mickey also medium Eduardo did
you go to ballet with Eduardo does it
work in your ballet class
come 400 years did he have fun in your
ballet class
yeah was he a good boy
yeah I can listen when we go take a peek
I'm into the beach yeah are we going
into new attire me but I didn't know
bubbles I did you about yeah yes I
didn't it was a wonderful time I did you
Mickey la yeah I have a great fun baby
what don't baby me he has a baby
yeah and Mickey's a baby Wow
we can't call the eyepatch we can't go
in the ipad's because whoo what time did
you get up at this morning do you
remember was it Ernie was it like 5:00
a.m.
yeah I'm making goodnight paper feed lie
in your leg now get I pad for me then
open it okay you can't go I'm back
froggy on your back done well you're on
the iPad is that the plan what is it
see you gotta go downstairs when you're
finished on the iPad and then okay Sam
sounds like it sounds like your condo
where is the iPad well here's here's
Eduardo's one I think you left I think
you left it in mommy and daddy's room
this morning
God what you go get it you might get
caught
I'm in big big trouble
my pal
in the jungle the mighty jungle the lion
sleeps tonight friends I think it is
time to cut the hair although the hair
looks pretty good let's be honest you
know you know you know when you've been
tangled you remember those sides where
the guy would like he would like just
come in to like the public that was like
the froze at the first like prank videos
you know like YouTube prank videos and
you do like public reactions remember he
I think the guy would like walk into the
pot into like in the middle of the
street with a microphone you're like ah
you like scream something you like you
know when you've been Tango's you guys
know what I learned in school when I was
popular we saw this dude right each
other like screaming each other and
pushing every like you know you've been
tang out I have not even thought about
that in a long time I was a good
advertising thingy but so what's it has
no got it all right attention Stanley
your day that wasn't that a good one Oh
what else was Jeff you comments all old
ads that influenced your life and you
still remember today anyway times get a
haircut just decides I think I just need
to clean up the sides a little bit all
right
this is the pre-dinner exercises right
well your dinner is ready now so go sit
down is my first time getting a haircut
by Ali here so if it doesn't look good I
asked him for his dad to give me your
haircut like it was alright we said it'd
be cutting your hair up and all you said
he'd give me his hair so you're just
doing a quick swap so he's scary I think
this is like their favorite our Cinque
Terre cuts into transplant so take notes
watch your right okay so media one
zootropolis for 200 million time it's
computer show what puppet you want to
skip you want to skip the start yeah in
the and in the movie good foxes how
do you want to see me is that what he
says yes and you play the bed was it
really nice the pelipper isn't very nice
yeah bad thing is how he says yeah boys
do you copy his voice oh he says that in
the movie guys just realize that the
thing is one of our asks HDMI cables one
that let's build into their do I got
this thing put in a while ago when we
got these things installed but we we put
two of them here and we we locked it in
but now one of them the kids were
pulling on it and it's snapped so it's
broken so if only got one that we have
to now share between your computer and
the other thing which is really annoying
there we go - come on their legs should
it maybe possibly possibly that's okay
what I have to put on a show and then
half that in this oh mommy oh here we go
here we go that's we've come welcome
all right into the back everybody into
the bath into the bath there might be
some prizes close your eyes okay now who
is the best well-behaved little boy and
girl
behold okay what color is it wardo stop
congratulations
what color is daddy stop congratulations
whoo Nemo you mean Nemo now that's the
daddy that's Marvin I think why don't
one dory yeah and guys is one more what
why it's all the emotions for you are
thority too well let's open them all and
put them in the pot will we yeah you
guys can share them all what do you say
what you say wardo don't get lost just
keep swimming just keep swimming look as
it comes with the tag on it no that's
such a good attention to detail oh he
wanted to tag Denis where's the whale
can you speak okay guys the points to
get in the back now play time all right
mr. potty time what job oh no no no no
no no to our dough um do you think the
potty is gonna work like this do you
think you need something else do you
thinking like do you think you need your
clothes on or off for the potty
yeah maybe huh potty lessons 101 take
off your pens yeah go to the Baxter bat
- look good I'm going use my bed sorry
good I'm in my bed okay
oh hi mommy look it's a I know right I
have a deposit to be made here I have a
deposit won't you just deposit this
little munchkin here what
mommy is Amelia okay you read me a story
then you'ii story okay let's go mister
this is my man okay
there were tree and Abed there were
three in the bed
she comes up with a million excuses you
have to go to her bed what that's not a
spider or Adele they are cool right you
know what they do those guys
eat mosquitoes did you know that so
they're actually good they're good
spider flies they eat mosquitoes because
you don't want a mosquito net up in
Tibet is Chuck saliva
why are you going that way you're not
gonna make it into bed
what book shall we read the froggy book
Frankie has a doggy who likes to what
does he like to do
splish-splash-splosh froggy has a doggy
who likes to run and chase yeah
all right lie down let's read this one
friends it is ten o'clock it's late at
night was not that late but we have been
doing some power of hours live streaming
why are you at the live stream why are
you part of the team we play lots of
games we called we Skype calls loads of
people we're on omelette Jellicle
charcoal okay everyone okay you're not
going to say hi to everybody on Twitter
first okay you ready what's up party
people
hello everybody okay okay everyone under
youtube's let's go over to you Chiefs
question is live let's get the chat pop
out chat no way just realize I can do
that okay hello my friends I'm from
Texas what Brazil we've got people from
all over the world sitting on top of the
world up I'm on top of the world
we got monkey beans monkey beans we also
managed to trend monkey beans we trended
we got monkey beans trending hashtag
monkey beans okay we've got a trending
anyway we gotta go but we did it lies we
got the one point
three million that was our goal for
tonight tomorrow is the final let's see
we could do we may be but a time you
watching this video will either be
winners or will be participants it's
always no losers winners or participants
all right I don't know if I'm going now
I might be going now
