good morning what a date Wednesday and
we're watching chicken little chicken
the tool fuck back and watch chicken
liver in the cinema in Baltimore I'm
gonna try and put Alessi down ya know
and she ate a whole thing of cereal what
if you don't think it's gonna work go
and do it someone wait some time like
but I'll try it if you want
alright what do you think you me do what
I work which me not oh really is that
how it works alright let's see I've
never been actually able to put you to
bed before so I'm very excited about
this huh very excited about this
opportunity who remembers the day where
I putted wardo down to remember that I
know it's doing something and I just
went and put edoardo to bed and I came
back downstairs and she was like him
like bawling-crying because that was it
well we didn't realize we were gonna
have more kids so she was like no it's
over okay
you ready you ready this is your room
your tiny room
first things first young lady have you
gotten anything to deposit have you got
any little surprises for me have you got
any surprises for daddy have you gonna
use the prices in here sure we have all
the suitable equipment okay are you
ready
you see so what we do is that every
morning we keep picking these different
films and then we keep watching them so
let's see what we have tomorrow
yeah I'm not sure the monitors on she's
not crying she seemed quite awake as I
putting her down bud
watch these going on here what wait wait
write the Sunday morning cleanup must
begin sir please
a Sunday morning cleanup let's then go
to a birthday party with Eduardo this is
for his mate he got her Hachem o-town
was a nursery hatch email thing yeah
let's see the Sunday morning cleanup
story wakey wakey eggs and Bakey
who woke up from a nap just now so thank
you so yesterday
Alessia was a little bit fussy and I was
thinking I wonder what's wrong with the
lasya I don't know why I didn't occur to
me that she might be teething I don't
know I just
she's normally very like Placid baby so
I was just like that's weird
and then I looked inside her mouth as
she was having her lunch and what did I
spot what
anyway so I looked in her mouth and what
did I see
what did I see in your mouth
where's your mouth yeah you know see you
know cuz we've been practicing huh okay
so let's show the mouth
where's your mouth unless yeah can I see
your mouth
can I see your mouth she's not gonna
show these you're not gonna show are you
okay
the big news is unless you has another
tooth if not - coming through
I think they must have broken through
yesterday and I didn't and I feel really
sick today I'm gonna tell you why it's
self-inflicted basically for anyway last
night and I don't know why but I ate an
entire bag of those kale crisps which
are nice like they're not actual actual
kale crisps like they're proper like
tortilla chips and then they have kale
in them so that like it's not like a
whole if I ate a whole bag of actual
kale just Keo crisps I probably wouldn't
feel about it at all because it's like
err but this was like proper like
tortilla chips yeah you know hey the
whole bag this is me like I don't have
any self-restraint when it comes to like
big bags of stuff I need to buy like
small bags otherwise it's just a
disaster and I always tell myself like
honey eat just eat half unlike most of
the time I either eat like
three-quarters of the way with the bike
or I eat the little thing if I'm ready
just in the mood but yeah it was a
mistake because I was already full and
then I just went to bed with a full
stomach I woke up with a full stomach
mmm and I just don't feel good I just
feel like Rimi like my stomach
Hertz no way am i welcome to another
episode of daddy's weird delights talk
to tritter video cat crap cheese and
sweet corn oh yeah do you like it yeah
what look at this thing look at this
guys you got four whole grain fish
fingers some sweet corn some cheese and
a bit of ketchup and then you wrap it
together
you put it in a toasty machine and you
have yourself a good time it's very
important to squash in the ends as well
so nothing sneaks out and then the idea
of a sandwich thing is just to basically
see let's keep seated for a minute to
make sure none of the goodness escapes
in you what are you talking about mister
they give us a picture of me me a jew of
the family ah so cute this is me by the
way huh and as everybody else it's so
cute
kids are having a debate he's gonna have
more fun in the media you think you're
gonna have more fun here yeah we got
chocolates full of jars Eduardo you're
gonna have more fun at the party we're
gonna have the best fun Eduardo because
there's gonna be birthday cake there's
going to be a soft play there's gonna be
games there's gonna be a bag to take
home there's gonna be toys it's gonna be
all your amazing oh yeah chocolate at
the party parties and I'm gonna get a
whole jar at home and there's no joke
chocolates that we buy best sadly under
Sunday I was not able to wear my pajamas
all day I had to get dressed
Oh
I have the hardest life it's a
hard-knock life for me I have to get
dressed to be at a kids party hee hee
so I left Anna of our camera I came home
and the vlog camera was sitting exactly
where I left it so unfortunately friends
that's what happens sometimes but
we decided to go crazy because it's a
Sunday night and I normally I'm in
pajamas but I wasn't a pajama day
friends it was a party day
I think the delivery person was confuses
was I talking to myself hey party man
great by the way
Eduardo had a fantastic time and
hopefully he's all worn out
he had cake I was a soft play it's kind
of cool
I got to hang out with some adults I was
adulting I got burger and chips I know
she's such a shit face guys you just
need chips all the time in my life chips
and Marga Mama's welcome having chips
call me la Glomus hello there little
friends
I know they're little furry friends
little fur bees oh you just get off my
flip-flops
as well this is it were a little goodie
bag what you got and what the Lady Bird
says book and mmm oh the whole
neighborhood can hear me dingus on oops
boys and girls Amelia guardo
Amelia Eduardo Alessia Ana come on it's
all darker than spooky down here are you
ready for spooky you ready for spooky
time you ready for spooky time don't be
scared Amelia it's really spooky licious
down here it's really dark
yeah don't be scared don't be scared
what did he do you say you cannot party
no well let's have a look that's a
little thing into art Oh God and here's
the cake God what kind of cake was it
again Huerta wasn't it like a unicorn
cake I mean it was like a unicorn
oh yeah look it was a pink unicorn cake
Wow well you guys can share right well
would you like your pizza first
yeah well see she is marche de Holly
will you you you will have nothing you
weren't happy oh my goodness look at
this so anna is wearing pajamas amelia
is wearing pajamas
unless she's wearing pajamas it wardo is
dress and I am dressed so all the girls
are wearing pajamas and all the boys are
dressed so Lesya has had some cake and
she is gone crazy unless yeah you like
that cake I think it stopped just a
birthday cake from the party today that
good they only
for watching their second did you know a
little mermaid there was a sequel to
mommy I did not know that they good
hello name Nikki baby you tired yeah
she's really tired
I ain't wash my hair - I'm listening to
the kids in the shower they're having
their it's Sundays as always their hair
washing night we wash that hair once a
week and then they get showers like
pretty much every day yeah you know what
I did tonight for the first time is
after I bought it like a while ago and I
kept forgetting to do it but I bought
Alessia her first tooth brush it's teeny
tiny it's so cute and I bought one for
her like only weeks ago like a few weeks
ago and then today and this evening I
finally remembered to brush her teeth
and she loved it I got to do it twice
first is a little practice run
downstairs and she loved it yeah you
liked it didn't you
you like brushing your teeth we've got a
new one cream on now yeah yeah you just
poked yourself annoying so everyone is
in bed and I had this idea guys cuz you
know how I have been rhyming all my
tweets on Twitter right since it started
here right and then I was like oh my
goodness I want to be hilarious if I
went and removed like all my tweets but
I think I had like 30,000 tweets or
something if I remove all of my tweets
and only leave the poems right or like
private my I do know something right so
I start looking around at different
services that you can better like
utilize this
and I think I may have accidentally
deleted nearly all of my tweets now I
was able to stop it in time to turn the
service out right before I hit 30,000
tweets over the last like I don't know
10 years or something right if you never
go to my account I now have three
thousand tweets
so um let's see so you thought this was
obviously today
whenever ago and then that was like
yesterday I think and then this one is
the 24th of Jan and then it goes 31st of
December so all of 2017 is gone which is
kind of annoying because all 28 all the
poems are gone I've been trying to get
them back but I don't think I can right
and then look the 31st to 2016
well I'm not sure how far down this
actually goes so I think the moral of
the story here for him
it's don't mess what you Twitter again
because I was like you can download your
archive from Twitter right so I download
the archive and then I think from there
just went wrong it went time for you
haha so I have three thousand tweets
I guess I need to start again Danna
Nanna how is just dancing they're
considering waiving all of them because
of how random it's so random I have like
five tweets and 2018 all of 2016 none of
2017 and then dossing anyway hope you
enjoyed today's video
look for some exciting tweets coming
your way
statewide your friends see you guys
tomorrow
when we're going to the Ahead's tomorrow
morning and this could be the one we
could be moved in like in the next week
we could we could move in tomorrow
Oh
