Pizza welcome to the video
do you memory find it a Dory Tori we did
find the Dory toys July you are is
Christian's the last night in the back
we ordered so Dory toys finding dory
bath set huh that nangka young cat named
car being care called nyan cat
what does it were to call his sandals
handle kendos no OE call them sandals no
oh I like your new shoes
everyone are they yours does he like
wearing shoes do you like wearing issues
yeah funny
Arnie he'll be is that I hope you guys
know have to be nice to Alby don't you
oh you can't kiss please kiss Queen L to
not be like we kissed
No Oh Queen Elsa
you just got kissed oh you wiping the
kiss away can I give you a kiss yeah ah
thank you okay oh gosh it weren't oh if
someone wants to give you a kiss you
can't be that mean about it
so we're doing our morning workout and
Erika's joining me so confidence went
way down when she does not hurt tom but
she looks amazing she doesn't need to
work out but she makes something you all
Erica what should we do I have to pull
out that you'll hear what is it called a
pun why is it what did you do how did we
do it right now
she looks like a little Barbie doll she
looks amazing
oh wow
whoa Baba watch right at the back oh
okay I'll read that back all that got a
good back hello babies are thank good
without an exact bag hello Vidkun dah
dah dah
bye-bye hi I'm down so it is absolutely
horrible day we're going swimming feet
are getting wet it's so rotten today and
after all that nice weather
come on away yeah we're gonna be hate
come on she doesn't care to be holding
her frozen umbrella yeah so we're gonna
go swimming and show omen Erica if they
can
watch her a little bit to her something
oh and my Invisalign snapped my new set
is ready so I need to collect them as
well come on right now we're sitting up
on the bleachers watching me and talking
to her right now
she's been the baby source because just
a bit see her from here
and Oman Eric
thrilling sweet that she got to bring
I think she was really happy let's just
be a powerpuff or something I don't even
know
lighters all went off except for in the
baby pool baby
so I was like thank God freak it just
all went dark and everybody's just got
ahead of the
so weird I'm just waiting to see what
automatic this doesn't usually happen so
as some of you are aware we did a live
stream the other night when we wash
jacked to victory
I'm gonna do another livestream on the
final night and the final thing I think
so I got some of these and I got some of
these so on the night of the livestream
these are extremely limited edition
because I made them two years ago and
these are like the ones that were left
over they're all they're all size large
but I tried the monitoring the live
stream so I can confirm that even though
they're large and not actually that
large this is what they look like
they're so cool they're so cool a girl
called agates I designed these for me
by two years ago and they were like our
first kind what I had these you guys
these are like our first official merch
we ever produce is so cute like look at
the kids are like look Amelia's like a
little baby at it
Eduardo's a little baby in it this is
how I Anna does her beep bop bippity
Boppity Boppity build thing with the
clothes that she sells the kids clothes
so I'm basically taking I'm stealing her
business idea I'm putting them in yeah
like this I'm gonna send them at and
then also I need to find a box for this
guy because this guy am which is the EOS
m3 so would one this yoke as well like
such this is when we hit 4 million we
got four did you see how I got like
nearly 5 million things are amazing
crushed it but yeah so I need to find a
box for this I actually thought I had
the box I have this box up here
there's so much fun no so much fun is
running lights evening we gotta get some
packing I'm like Santa Claus here finish
my name which one did you press now you
know yes very good kid a lot of times
whoop don't hold on don't go done don't
on be ready hold on hold on
Nursery lamar's Oh Oh No give me a pen
Joker's scary how we're about to leave
hello there mister hello there or we got
to go to London I see you laters you
have fun no why does staying here with
you will you look after Erica and OMA
yeah alright guys see you guys in a
little bit ok
you be good
all right we're on the train we are in
less disease Gordon where is this point
I don't really pretty I love that hair
like that oh oh choose do we get there
Oxana some euro and her Go Go Go okay
everybody so this - when it looks
already done rolling out okay so this is
like an hour Nick but an hour is like
makeup artists there but sometimes we
have makeup art now I don't get makeup
hair but sometimes I think it's kind of
like oh there's nothing like doing it
yourself you know what be honest now
actually I started doing my hair now my
god I get the the gunk stuff and I do my
hair and if someone else did my hair I'd
be like I don't know but that's what
I've seen my hair now this is the
interview because I'm like I have my own
technique I put it all back then I like
to lean it over now maybe I'm doing a
really badly though county-town what's
it look like well you know I understand
now because I have a thing I didn't hire
I didn't have a thing before you know
must be really hard though being a girl
is it like letting someone else do your
makeup that is not like really trust
it's a very trusting in case to get it
wrong you know
I'll never do your mango I did you make
up once drummer that video that was that
was actually the last time I ever did
your makeup Tommy you old scooter that
there might use your naked palette but
I'm all about naked Paula - yo starting
the cheeks and it's sparkly so you can
see here two beautiful eyes that I've
created it's very special that's
incredible
you're incredible I'm incredible let's
be honest what do you think huh nice huh
okay so our satnavs are not working on
our phone for some reason we were using
a map huh like old schoolers o'the dirt
right where's the you are hair situation
five minute walk say all you are here
where are we going where's the postcode
does anybody know how to use a map
naturally spinny things no no no I'm
allergic to make up though
oh yeah yeah not much no no no it's what
they all say right now okay I'm getting
this is behind the scenes this is how to
Jonathan love and I didn't need any
makeup I said can I can make me look
like Anna they've listened to me what
are you doing putting foundation on
that's just I'm just wiping away your
sweat oh oh it's like I just take a
train here I was Indian oh right
it's nice a little bit makeup you can
never admit that DOS I know I find that
weird
why can't you why not add why well he
says that nowadays really good I
couldn't wear makeup on because I forget
to take it off every night over my prom
although sometimes you're in a shooting
you do like your eye thing eyeliners all
right like yeah look like Johnny Depp
return I really like to see yeah I'm a
bit like I like the no makeup makeup
look on a guy
why don't what the no maker maker I
guess I do too no makeup no makeup look
yeah
is there no makeup no makeup look mmm is
that a thing like everyone that you see
on telly you think oh don't they look
yeah look how good I look you should see
what they look like when they're high I
know I know
oh my goodness to get on his hair for
Jess keep all that mermaid hair oh thank
you what's the mermaid song I want to be
where the people are
Thanks it doesn't look too like I didn't
everyone else thing along
bring the middle sugar check this out
wouldn't it be an amazing apartment if
you lived here but it is so cool like
mine I like partition look at this video
oh my goodness
wonder how much will cost to buy this
building an elevator party elevator
party and even just party everybody hey
guys I still it's a make a pun Oh meta
focus I still have to make a bun of it I
wonder what professional model no fancy
and fancy Jonathan fancy Jonathan this
one John Joe on it yeah look at this
thing
that's so cool look I have to go up and
touch it but luck it's a girl thing is
so cool I wanted at my house we should
get one that's I just do that is it a
banana an actual banana skin we have my
cheetah saucony Julie's I'll be so cool
oh yeah right there be cool for this
brand-new building haven't even like
finished it they just built this
building just for us today to come here
for Ciccone Charlie's
very elevator in the station up walking
up the stairs we miss the train because
our train with the lady another train
and in another train never getting home
most point this is like when in flight
so the origin tell you where the journey
going alright we are home hopefully the
kids are still live with my ready kiss
of life having checked on them Erica and
Amelia or Erica oh there's too many
bloody names there's like so many names
it's got where's it where all the dogs
guys don't do dogs
Alice came home and had some dinner I'm
currently picking out a chicken is it a
chicken pickin chicken a little bits
left three nice chicken off the bone
like fresh she made like this mmm
okay hope you boys in voided enjoyed
this video presentation these old
slackers are heading back today now
these slackers are head my I'm tired
extreme tiredness these guys is that
what hide you fly this Mike then to
to--for oh it's not that bad I thought
it was early I know what we have to move
here my man mmm get like going to
Ireland get you yes did you enjoy your
time here
wow we on balance we did yeah in case
you hadn't seen the that picture kind of
makes me miss the Maserati anyway say
bye friends
we are
Oh
