let's go to school oh hello there
we're all off to school this morning are
you ready for the school run what
what are you telling me you want to meet
you off school today and go to the
cinema wha what the Samer run please you
can't just like blow off school and go
to the cinema is that the plan is it we
are going to da no all you want to go to
school instead not today alright we're
now in that's This Is It this is their
first time ever it's your first time
ever gonna in cinema guys don't ruin it
don't ruin it
although technically German our house we
had in Orlando had a cinnamon thanks
different the whites are in here I'm so
tired
who was there last night who was there
last night in the livestream oh my god I
cannot believe we won that crazy
craziness but I am suffering from there
I bet lost you guys are suffering today
what are you trying to do we came to do
into your sheet what that's why I see
okay guys now are we gonna get some
popcorn oh you're gonna where you gonna
wear headphones in this era what movie
are we gonna see guys is it Oh what does
he Dory oh my goodness so I'm pretty
confident that a media is gonna be cool
with the whole cinema thing this is a
lot here are you ready yeah you got your
nappy on you've got your glasses and
your headphones on you ready to rock
that's it go to cinema that's how it's
done my friend well you should always
bring a nappy to the cinema because you
don't want to be the guy who has to run
out to the toilet and then miss all the
best bits
you got kitty are you bringing Kitty as
well all right let's go so again OMA and
Erica are actually coming with us and
Anna but they're all gonna jump into
this car because there's not enough room
for everybody I'm hauling the kids what
oh there's a poo and a leaf on the roof
oh my goodness is a poo on the roof what
do you guys know about Dori I know
ya know me to the first room what do you
know about Dori right I don't know you
don't know
Hey
oh here it goes here we go let's find a
parking spot for everybody park over
here
all right I'm yourselves a we
excited a I'm excited you go guys two
kids first ever experience in the cinema
hey boy this speech right here for me
do you see mommy's car it is why he's a
bit he's a bit nervous you excited for
this yeah it's gonna be so much fun
in Cineworld cuddles petals before the
movie it's very important have a cuddle
before the movie the excited guy first
time at the cinema cinema Oh cuddles to
everyone all right let's go before we're
late I'll take this hand hold someone's
hand it's the rules
Oh hold everybody's hand wait oh uh got
some team walking there's another thing
about the cinema you need to know of
edge you see this counter up here you
see that counter up there it's full of
tasty food huh popcorn no we have
tickets guys we have tickets we have
tickets don't lose the tickets all right
do you have like
chocolate raisins is it Oh guys you got
a munch box wowzers would you like some
cake what oh my goodness okay you have
to get all your popcorn and Adair guys
I'm excited mister all the time they
excited the popcorn duck guardo look at
that he got
don't lick my popcorn yeah that one's
been licked vfg ice age and their
popcorn which wristband you guys watch I
can show you Lea which respond you want
do with the ghost eat the popcorn the
little
pop quite wide open 21 pick one wardo hi
let's go guys
order where's your lunchbox oh mama is
it come on guys
you gotta give it a girl alright good
job guys you got in you made it in Oh No
here we go there we go oh my goodness
our first time guys oh yeah here we go
guys first time ever in
are you ready guys you ready let's go oh
my goodness
is it dark just exciting
all right where do you want to say to me
now hey guys you want a booster seat do
you want to sit on this powerful man in
the world and now they call him mr.
fuzzy pants how do I get in this you
haven't been there for your family gonna
be stuck inspired the movie is over here
to just go ahead and interact
was that fun was it was that fun
come on guys let's go let's go
only one part out and that is the first
cinema experience did you enjoy our
dough did you have fun I got you
did you go to a cinema did you like it
was your first time ever in the cinema
was it glad I feel my window we was
little Johnny's Morgan daddy said funny
and Papas instead well shall they find
her one yeah and what happened to toy
den done and here he growed up and can't
be friend to big girl yeah and then what
happened Oh pin it oh my god they loved
this in my life Eduardo was so good so
well-behaved
so I think you should see more movies
listen it because charm bracelet
chocolate pop I see alright oh uh well
mommy has it inside I'm gonna leave a
link down below to the New World you
guys should totally watch the trailer
for finding dory yeah and go and watch
this movie if you haven't or just so
many we did just so many other cool
movies coming out this summer I know
that we should check out as well
yeah net near is cinema man a sin of
I go where yeah would you like this
anyway hi doji you're lying that CEO are
you hanging here no no oh no oh no it's
all kicking off so kids are in the bath
I am absolutely shattered from today and
we didn't even do that much like
tomorrow we have a photoshoot with Radio
Times at YouTube and we are supposed to
go into London for I think five o'clock
and we're like whatever clothes that we
normally wearing just kind of I think
there's hair and makeup there but I'm
pretty sure going into my own makeup a
my own hair because I just always liked
it better when I do it myself but I
don't know what to wear I think it's
gonna be raining tomorrow Taylor so
we'll see and my steps for today are so
bad and I'm not going to want the dogs
tonight either because I'm just it's
raining it's pouring rain and I'm just
too tired but I did it like every single
day last week so I feel pretty good
about myself and you will notice that my
shoe shelf looks the same because
somebody hasn't built the shelves yet
and you may be thinking to yourself well
Anna why don't you build the shelves
yourself well because I have tried
building things in the past and anything
that I built breaks is just not one of
my talents so Jonathan over there
wherever he is he needs to get a move on
with this come on Jovie you know you
want to build me a shoe shelf you know
that's number one on your list of
priorities
