hello mr. man are you having chocolate
yes half chocolate pancakes on a Sunday
it's a second jewelry thing alright you
wouldn't get that level in your market
test net you wouldn't get pancakes and
run excuse me am I just to be sure
sometimes the consistency of always a
Sunday
Eric has the pancake me you know where
she that was the afternoon pancakes and
marketers guardo's helping baking these
this morning he was like the blueprints
are swimming yeah we have all eaten too
many pancakes I know what is it
chocolate oh yeah did you wait did you
have chocolate
chuckling pancakes
perking these pancakes and you guys
noticed Oh Eduardo in the last few why
let's come like vocal
Thunder come it that's not for playing
that's not to say in which that is not a
toy there we go
for the seven hundred million head yeah
you ready for the vehicle you guys you
ready for the best bit here it comes
okay now for the scary bit huh I haven't
even been outside all day I think inside
voting what I think oh my goodness you
guys know because it's the next day but
did we actually prevail or did we slip
and lose it if we did lose I thought we
lost by like a tiny bit or a lot I'm not
really sure that kind of leaves it open
to anything come on no no media I think
your team mummy
are those team daddy but so far lads
this morning like got it say you guys
are crushing it you guys have been
questioning you know what I'm talking
about don't worry about it
but if you do know what I'm talking
about mmm Wow
can't believe friendliest friends we are
forced to be reckoned which we are now
right wardo huh huh well we don't know
we've won or not yet okay you guys know
Vanessa let's hope for the best
come on team mommy team mommy team daddy
we're gonna crush tomorrow can you say
crush it crush edge all right let's try
this again good luck everybody
bye
there is there is skimming 10 Castle
that's what we're looking for must be up
here somewhere
we're on is she's not behind anywhere
okay our destinations ahead everybody
watch out for the leaves so wait that's
mommy she's probably lost yeah I mean
yeah hello
Oh No okay so what did you do is it
oh thank you for saving anyway everybody
has been Fanwood stars everybody has
been found you're gonna have Sunday at
the skirmish is this your first English
Sunday lunch
Margarito todos jonathan is right you
gotta get the M the weird thing the
Yorkshire pudding weird thing I think
she's gonna get me
it's kind of weird it's like a bread
pudding things what do you want right
yeah we weren't gonna get all like
boring something we're like we gotta get
the app oh yeah half chicken half coming
that sounds good your mom's ready
getting a roasted pork one so I know you
well
America is probably getting their
homemade soup
for the end okay I'll find out - fish
pie Oh slices Archer scampi and chips
boom yeah Regina wait broccoli one
scampi and chips like Erica
cheese and chips I love cheese and chips
the thing sausages and chips you get it
with ketchup what do you guys want leave
comments let me know what you have for
lunch
catchy myself
ha ha the monsters back guys
what they're obsessed with running
around just in hair flow SK the top of
the enemy skimming guys a figure that
Yorkshire puddings is this what you do
you gotta fill it with gravy is that a
Yorkshire puddings work yes you just
fill it with gravy like that and then
basically put in the oven did I have
some what the gravy yes it is good I
went for the beef Bardot got the
sausages
and I got the chicken Margaret Cox at
pork and these two got the scampi's too
little scam piece and the water got his
water we almost got something every all
of us almost got something different
it's cauliflower and cheek then that is
hot you want some cauliflower and cheese
guys is any what this you need to grab
with something else
hi hi burning hands hi
she liked it you like oh we're gonna do
it so funny
so we get immediately sniffing I choose
like four five minutes afterwards what
careful careful
say right oh oh
exploded did you get some on you wow
they're gonna care it is feeding his
wire is cheesecake not really nice that
nice white Oh yummy
yeah media has it go you have to share
guys look we got these little crumbles
I got a crumble to those who got some
sort of a chocolate drink or something
guessing what's inside it something in
the inside or we are going on a secret
adventure guys whoa whoa you should want
me to get in first I'll go down first
okay let's get immediate in first hold
I'm not forgetting about you
I hope we find our way back to okay
let's see what treasures okay well guys
you guys which way left or right this
way let's go this way
what's happened is your disaster
guys we have a disaster only here a
minute there's already a disaster
what's the disaster you don't have that
in your shoe okay don't be not erotic we
not know that one can take what Dad to
ride oh do you think you could climb
with this do you want to try okay did
you think do you think you can do it
weirdo we all believe in you we all
believe in you quickly everybody leave a
comment saying you believe in wardo
right leave a comment and keep hitting
the like button and maybe just maybe
Rhino can make it come on give me your
hand
come on you can do it you can do it you
did it why no you did it yeah did you
learn the lesson there teamwork can
accomplish anything
okay where have we ended up whoo wait
guys were at Rai Rai of eight Rai of
eight poop poop tea renovate pro tea
will be P or will be persecuted will be
persecuted hmm what could this possibly
mean hello
okay Amelia come on jump in Daddy's car
then they decide the whole time we're
leaving I was jumping up here in the
driver side I'll wait
go I'm jumping in and virus me regard
with our car and she couldn't decide and
she ran to Annan and back to me and then
over to a - she said to me she's like
the ones going yours
and daddys so he was just so torn come
on quick cuz other cars might come hey
we're in the middle of the road quickly
I know I know oh my oh my could drive on
his car alright so I came home and we
had two million votes on the radio time
saying yeah the thing is wrong here let
me just fix that for you down okay and
then I decide you a live stream which is
happening right here which you guys are
here but I can see you over here so
everybody on the comments say hello
let's see big news a bit of it today
here we go hello see yourself there you
can see us out there hello everybody
hello everybody hind the scenes ah let's
go we also have people everywhere on
Twitter everyone on Twitter say hi
everyone on Twitter say hi everyone on
Twitter say hi it's blowing up it's
happening you are like you're on the
flock you're all on the vlog you're all
on the vlog vlog oh my goodness look at
it oh we get is his flight line it's
flying on look at the setup I have here
check out the setup this rack with the
phone on and I have all the stuff on the
go here anyway
I hope you were here friends you ready
to focus the focus get in focus
get in focus I hope you were here
friends it was fun alright let's get
back to it can't be neglecting me
friends doing some old-school Saucony
yoli's again on the walk and picking up
some poo twine a nice piece of poo to
bring home make a good steward at the
bins behind you
Andy good time maybe that's why she put
right there for convenience you poop by
the bin yeah what did we convenient man
then right mr. mr. Albee all right so
the voting thing still going on for that
I don't know if I don't know if we're
gonna win it like there's that's a crazy
following that other girl has but i'm i
think it's pointed out like over six
million people have voted that's just
insane i was like half of that is arts
that's true three million votes and
neither team of three million votes
I don't believe oh who cares if you win
or lose now like what a show of
consolidator what a show of our
community hmm friend needs friends as
mental I think myself an honors gonna do
a live stream when we get back cuz over
in a few hours so it's like the court
will do one last little push see we can
do it what you need to do mister she
needs a pee everywhere
mister pee everywhere mr. Peabody one
Henry Peabody is going to the scary
forest the scary forest everything scary
I already have mine on I came prepared
no no looking at me must be carried come
on come on this years ago
carry me dad carry me carry me dad oh my
round two is an eel do you already got
your one come on - bye - until the scary
forest tangled he's beginning to get
dark it is in here
oh goodness we've left them off again
this could be a terrible idea
did you yeah it could be attack could be
have like yeah moving my sky in tonight
lads
everyone say when I said that purples
tonight sky the life oh yeah
afternoon delight so that me is gonna be
nice work it's like it's all gray and
blue oh jeez I can't see no oh the two
littlest ones lads crazy
okay we gotta guys I look like an idiot
but I've good reason to look like an
idiot I don't know if you were here on
the livestream last night we gave away
lots of t-shirts these are all t-shirts
and we gave cameras away and I never got
to eat my second Oreo but we won we won
this is the bit what you guys all go yay
that was a crazy night guys Oh is a
crazy night it was so much fun it was so
good for our we're going over to Twitter
over to Twitter you're up you're not
Twitter's up Twitter's up do it do it oh
my goodness you guys are the best
friends you're the best friends ever
yes you are yes you are oh my goodness
it's so cool oh no you and that ground
is over there oh my goodness you guys do
your best
bye Red Team you are hello hold it
now some to go after sleeping on the
floor are going slipping out the door
before you see my face
