good morning it's Friday
hey we're matching we're matching look
you're wearing turquoise blue and I'm
wearing turquoise blue see so clever so
this morning I made travel day and I
made a little bit extra in case my mum
wants some or Erica want some and then
I'm putting some toasted for kids and I
used Amelia's egg from the farm and you
should have seen it it had such a big
yolk yeah if the yolk was amazing we got
there but yes I wanted to use it like
remember guys she thought there was a
baby chick in it and I was like no so
she thinks that like worth eating that
chicken we're not there was no chicken
because it needs a rooster oh you
weren't supposed to close that just go
get a queue of people - kissing cuddles
now come on quickly quickly
one kiss move on then there's multiple
kisses there's no time for multiple
cases one got a water one kiss move
along let's go let's go okay we're
getting the umbrella open oh you don't
need another
you know we should go and see Amenia
that new fish movie is a fish movie you
know they're Finding Nemo says it's not
Nemo the other one Ellen finding Ellen
DeGeneres we should go and see that
should we even you guys see nice is it
as good as the first one
leave me know in the comments is it even
out yeah it's funny because it came out
in America like what three or four
months ago and it's only now just coming
out in the UK
once more big oh the space here I
reverse the unless I don't even know
what people do that anymore you know I
feel like the world is so small now like
with the internet and connectivity and
stuff like that so it's like what would
you even bother doing that anymore or
imagine Saucony Jolie's came out in
England today right and then in three
months then the you guys were three
months behind and you got the vlogs
three months later I don't make any
sense you know do you know what happened
people would would pirate it and stuff
that's the problem
what you might fall oh you're for you're
almost four you're almost four do you
know that almost four what are you gonna
do what's the first thing you're gonna
do when you're four what do you use that
how come you always have your birthday
in September okay I look because I knew
can I come to your birthday Thanks
and a ladder just arrived at Bluewater
really windy Amelia's at school and
Eduardo Soph doing his little or he's
got like art class yeah and then he's
got music and drama
so yeah it's the kind of perfect timing
it's trying we've got black crazy black
dress really like the jeans they've got
little zip on them really really like
them I'm not sure about the top this
music not weird
this is a basic tank top
take a like this better
there's picture
not me opposite I like this color better
I think I would wear it with the sleeves
rolled up though and with like a top
underneath
I like it yeah cause everything black by
when you lie again
the company of a young
this week my friends has been so busy
but I'm so excited I am so excited I'm
like there's this thing called parallel
development in the world design right
and we've got like stuff there's
elements that I can't talk about about
it cuz like for because everything's in
the middle of like tenders and pitches
and all certain stuffs I can't talk
about a lot of stuff but this year we
are bringing out the calendars like we
do every year but it's going to be like
another thing as well as the calendars
which I think you guys know anything is
so cool I'm very excited about it and
then watch the team the whole way we're
doing the college this year it's gonna
be very different to all we've done
before but I think it's like amazing
right and then you got this other huge
projects over here which I'm hoping in
the next month or two once everything's
set in stone and done and everything
I'll be able to kind of announce and
show you guys more about what that is
but it's just right now I'm like I'm
spending like all my days and time
working with these different teams of
people trying to get everything together
and get everything ready so I can't
really talk about too much of the stuff
but just I'm just future Jonathan pastor
Jonathan I'm not really sure is he in
the future or in the past
this is a very exciting time right now
it's a very exciting time
we did some shopping
I got some flip-flops for Emiliana quite
obviously Eduardo's soul of certainty
broke his other flips out and now think
we're going to cut pit place multiple
Lola's cupcakes to get some
it looks like actually is lunch time man
Oh Eric hence blogging by the way look
they have Sundays as well see
then I'm tempted by the Sunday
I don't really not to defense it
so more like this was to be huge
see
but I really good
okay we're here what I think we're too
late or too late for a friend huh no you
can go we can go faster and catch up
with her okay let's jump into the card
oh hey what we can't go to our house
today
Alma's over oh man Eric I've come over
to see you is that what happens
did you have fun in school today so I
have to go really fast to catch up with
her okay not waking down like Smarties
I'm going home now
so probably be home just after 2:00 and
and water will be sleeping but I mean I
would come home from preschool so I'll
be like perfect timing and because I got
them to flip-flops
I think they'll forgive me from using
them open this door here everybody's
home from the shopping I'm actually
joking you're actually choking me to
death
okay Media what did you want me to do
Wow
what did you want me to put on
zootropolis what's that about are they
bringing balance to me Anthony oh if you
like that show
okay did you go you didn't turn on the
computers you thinking pewters turn on
lads if we're going to be watching the
television show I think it's on Amazon
so maybe because sometimes isn't good
daddy I Drive it okay yeah
hello right now guys it's 2009 just you
and me walking we've been in this
blogging for a few days now maybe I
should keep it up what you're not you're
better looking now I think you've
improved at age you know thank you
it's just that was just us four is the
original vlogging actually technically
speaking ceiling wasn't in the original
vlogging package it was myself Anna and
Eduardo are happy thanks to many
children we all started together come on
Albie and then Sina was that the newest
member to join although I suppose
technically Sina joined Saucony Jolie's
I think I'd call it the Kony Jolie's but
I'm Cena came along but it was called a
fluke TV when it was just myself and
I'll be bringing them two at a time
we're not just bringing these guys ever
who I'm mr. slowpoke he's like 70 in dog
years or something axel I guess kids are
in bed Erica fell asleep on the couch
and as I think everyone's worn out today
and another two doggies have been
brought now it's in the day I'm SEOs
time mm-hmm
Nevaeh and co their 21-day born 20
turkey same as immediate 2012 2012 their
2012 edition yeah come on guys let's go
let's go
currently right now Bianca he's probably
barking ahead sad well my good buddy
knows this return I know nuts a good at
sky dog eyes you can see how amazing I
was kind of gone look at her this is so
cool like it where it comes across there
look at the redness and all
it's a beautiful sky it's the ultimate
troublemakers troublemakers small no
recall yeah hey what's going on let's go
oh my goodness alright guys that's it
we're gonna go I'll see you guys
tomorrow I'll let you know there may be
only at four dogs tomorrow we may not
have the face thanks for watching a
video hope you enjoyed it thanks for
being amazing awesome friendliest
friends as you are you're my best friend
my best friend thanks for leaving all
the amazing comments lately the little
plus team a even putting up thanks for
crushing it on the radio time staying
thanks for being awesome on Twitter and
Facebook and snapchat and you should win
everything everything
I'll see you guys tomorrow who me
brought it now okay look at this gone
gone
I need your hat friends we need your
help
okay we haven't spoken about this yet on
a youtube because I didn't even want to
do this and then it sort of happened and
then I kept winning and then I was like
oh no and then we won I won the Radio
Times online video times online
champions but then D then D start to
think all champions of Champions don't
spit on it and I knew she did we beat up
some drama thing and now we've somehow
ended up in the semi-final against a
girl with a 100 hey des
hey Lexie from the 100 right and she
said I know I'm just like I don't even
know what's going on so I've never asked
you guys on YouTube to vote but I'm
gonna leave a link down below
crush it last if you can I don't even
know we can win anymore because the
percentages are a bit mad you can vote
and design any anyway look it's over
here right so this is our current
situation we are currently 39 percent or
somewhere over here super majorities
versus Alicia the voting ends at
midnight on Sunday please go hit the
pole button thing and try and help us
out you know you can you can vote as
many times as you like which is pretty
cool so just like crush it this is it
this is the internet 75 person thing is
so anyway if you find if you can not
click the link down below you feelin
down below and give it to know
