what is well no no the rain glass light
friends hello friends welcome to this
day
I think it's a Wednesday is it a
Wednesday thing is the Wednesday hey
this way Quigley Quigley poop all you
will meet me there
all right I mean it's gonna meet me I'm
just gonna head over here myself she's
gonna meet me here oh hello
fancy meeting you here and this fine
Wednesday okay hop in hop at it in it we
get mr. Nestor every meal as a passport
situation today if you want to go to
Sorrento what do you need a passport do
you want to go to spend Oh Oh cuz if you
want you can stay home like-minded dogs
and then we can all go to Sorrento LLL
see Sophia and Alexander are you gonna
go swimming this time mm-hmm Sophia can
jump off the pier this is a Russian
family that always goes what is ball is
wet oh no anyway sit back sit back and
enjoy the ride
yeah so I'm running out the door as
always late because I'm going to get
waxed Jonathan is still doing his
workout last time you and I were doing a
work it came at and like both of us
screamed like absolutely scream anyway
okay teacher find parking because I'm
getting all of my waxing done today
like what everything except ow
everything except like bikini line cuz I
don't need to get that done yet anyway
so okay friends today is today I've
literally been sitting here I can't show
you what's on that screen on this screen
this is my work music I have a Damien
Rice playlist flying through here
I find it that helps me I can't show you
what's on that one that still wasn't on
the works going on but while ago I was
talking about I want to get this
animation series up and running and I we
put the team together some of you are on
the team anyway yes and puts team
together and probably it's amazing like
oh really
we're really getting somewhere and but
it's like we have a deadline to try and
reach to try and like get to the next
stage with this and then we have to meet
networks and try and pitch this thing in
front Stella Xena trying anything so
much to do my friendliest friends but
we're gonna get there we're gonna do it
but and just sitting today I knew this
day was coming I was like I gotta find
time in meetings at school and Eduardo
has got soft play and art school and
stuff today so I know that he's away all
day and I'm like I gotta go collecting
mean you know but I've literally just
sat here okay did it work out with Lucy
and Dan I sign her up with friends I had
a dream a long time ago and it's
actually starting to come together
I'm visualizing it it's very exciting
it's a very exciting time
however I feel like I'm back in
University you know put the headphones
on block out the world about Damon right
I just like the Amin rice and I'm just
tippity typing tippity typing lads
alright go collect some children just
finished I just got my eyebrows tinted
oh my god so okay this lighting is
terrible but there you go so good every
time you stood them they look amazing
tinted and shaped like waxed and then I
got all waxing like underarms legs all
that this is the nice relaxing room
because you can't make duct to the
tissue paper anyway I'm finished you
guys did you break this did you wait did
you break this yeah what did you play
hopscotch too heavy and then you broke
the ground oh my goodness there could be
a dragon under there just saying just
saying there could be a dragon over
there amelia drew a dragon and still
today the Kamini a'dreea dragon and
skill today your dragon could be there
Amelia what did you break it I don't
know I think Amina who brokers like I
didn't break it it's not hop scotch
look at my parking job guys I'm so
myself you see reversed got online
welcome home little princess Amelia are
you sucking on your raincoat
don't ever suck on a raincoat because
you know what'll happen
neither rain hmm no how about a you
forgot your drawings but they won't get
wet come on it's not raining anymore the
rain it has stop it stop it hood we need
but come along little friends the
stopper that had rain is it okay you're
gonna go in show duardo his drawing of
himself
Amelia jewel Eduardo with no legs and no
arms and Hawaii does this water have
legs and arms normally does he know all
this time look at this message from
yesterday stepladders right one thing
kids are taking a step ladder though
some for some reason I was told a strap
better cut my hair then I got it a
shower and it just kind of like sits
there just no stuff in it or anything
stuffins doc mcstuffins my hair is
basically doc mike's time doc mcstuffins
there so we're making we just made
cupcakes and Amelia and Eduardo are
gonna do the sprinkles you ready you can
do it now ready Mina has already done a
sneaky bit come on Eduardo your turn
whoa okay that's enough do a tiny bit on
each okay little bit oh dear
that one has barely any guys well done
okay I think we've done enough of these
ones right let's have another plate that
one's done very good well I think that
looks absolutely amazing do you well
done guys no no this way
see oh yeah shake it good boy
oh and ho-ho okay I think I think that
might be enough
let's fix these ones here mm-hmm
okay PS we're gonna be selling these
just kidding
let's go guys hold your hand
come on princess Eduardo yeah you can
you can't okay now that's going this way
please
princess Eduardo Amelia has entered the
age of four well no she's getting before
nice much yeah yeah it is time to
introduce a new thing yesterday we
introduced the potty for guardo so that
was fun we have found that as the child
gets owner amelia starts to realize her
boundaries and she's realized that you
know realistically there is only so much
you can actually track your kids which
you know you can say oh you won't get
pudding or I got chocolate you do this
or I'll take your toys away but nobody
we're not going to really take the toys
away an immediate got into an age where
she actually now knows that we're not
gonna do that so we thought long and
hard about a new plan of action there
needs to be consequences or rewards as
we're moving on to so you guys remember
a while ago
guys remember a while ago we got this
thing and then here's oh no hello oh
jeez don't turn off the light hello okay
careful guys
hello oh well yeah but you keep down
here I didn't know what happened for the
UBN get me get this chart here yeah yeah
I said I thought the powered I know what
happened oh can you build the shell
wanna ban here well I can build the
shelves or we can go in to date night
after booth I know I know
all right anyway where I was i we are
looking for stickers
first of all okay these are general
occasional general and houses well you
see guys I have a new thing for you
children's reward stickers okay cards
difficult year planner no not in here
in here is a thing
there it is reward pad children's reward
pad Oh include stickers oh it includes
tickets okay
parents put this stuff back
okay so encourages good behavior with
these powerful chart three teens and
10-30 traps and 300 tickets so I think
the answer charts keep my room have you
feeding my rabbits well be a feeder up
you can feed dogs well I think it's mine
actually you don't actually need you
signals because actually comes with the
stickers this might be the answer
friends so we will we will test this for
you let me know anyway if you guys have
children does this work or are you a
child and does this work for you well
you know it's like in school getting
your journal signs yeah we're gonna try
this out because you missus have gotten
too big for your boots haven't you what
no we're not doing a friend news friend
video right now we need to do a friend
instrument video don't me it's been too
long guys yeah well I have to go out
with mommy you see mommy needs these
date nights you don't I mean I gotta
keep mommy happy guys okay
I'm deal I'm taking one for the team I'm
doing us all a solid alright why don't
you
geez man all right tell you what we make
a deal do you guys wanna make a deal you
make a deal okay right now how about
tomorrow because there's no school
tomorrow you know we'll do the friend
news video tomorrow what do you think
why not tomorrow no no we will do it
tomorrow I promise we will do it we'll
make a friend news from video tomorrow
guys I promise
go on punch it let's see pinky swear
pinky swear
pinky swear no you need your pinky the
little guy at the end the little one at
the end
get your little finger put it on no no
that's her thumb
pinky no pinkie pinkie pinkie there you
go right pinky spring key promise it's a
pinky
Mama's okay Eduardo Pardo pinky promise
okay we've all made pinky promises now
what you want stickers uh yeah go on
upstairs for the stickers you can pretty
much make each other anything you want
if you have stickers let's go
Victor's in candy that's all the parent
needs we're heading out on date night
and I'm exhausted happens like
everything comes to date night and we're
like exhausted
but anyway
it's worth it it's worth it I just wish
it wasn't so tired every night
you tell them I matched my horsey with
my shorts it actually looks really good
but I got a little horsies what's that
turquoise and then the shorts are yeah
that looks really good that was a fluke
why why I put the shorts on it's like I
have morning shorts yet and I was like
ah put this on and look anywhere else I
got steak that's I'm under star there
that's great wherever we can park
without a parking spot right here in the
high street across the road from
Valentina's we're going to wherever we
can park the site that's how that's how
we play that it makes the decision for
us okay all right now let's see
we never booked anything either so we
may actually have to go somewhere else
yeah we did for a while then we kind of
get over that you know it's something
new it's more adventurous to do it this
way you never know what you're gonna get
exciting yeah nothing there's always
there's always Papa John's beside it if
it goes really bad looking at Papa
John's
hey the better ingredients better pizza
mm-hmm so I think that's right here you
mean so I'm talking to my sister on the
phone and say highroad she just died she
just confirmed that she was locking her
doors at night because she was worried
the pokémons were gonna get her did a
Pokemon like we did a pokemons come
after you both words are gonna get me
kids lock your doors at night but the
pokemons might get you
