hey no brooms hey we was an echo in here
so a media is getting her second ever
Passport yeah I ain't going up you are
going to do a floor okay so first need
to select the product we want this one
here a passport one right photo ID is an
educated persons boy
select other products to go back I am
you cannot fool one of when the booze
whenever yeah operation is going to be
no fun pretty sure is going to be no
bombs ah you are way too small okay I
know we got to bring it all the way to
the top all the way to the top oh my
goodness
we're gonna have to do some magic here
I'm gonna try to lift you up you need to
get your head in that little circular
hole there okay alright yeah which is my
friends what no I'm just gonna hold you
and we're gonna take the picture okay we
have to do some sort of gymnastics move
I had her standing on my knees okay here
we go are we going mean yeah this is
your passport picture for next ten years
looks good it looks good you didn't
smile you're not loud smile oh wow I I
don't know the answer to that I don't
know why you're not let's model and
passport photos but yay look you got
passport photos now you can get a
picture of password alright chores have
all been done and they're the reward to
go skateboard it's a little thing don't
go too fast
come on over here over this way what
what we're only going to go in the
little ones okay
no not on the big ones not on the big
ones whoa jeez that's too much it's too
much let's try here let's just right
here
drive it over this way just watch out
behind you yeah they go really fast here
huh you an escape work you an escape
work you're really good skater whoa
don't go too fast
oh no no get it get a careful careful
careful cover awareness I'm a she's a
skater girl
you're officially a skater girl than me
now huh are you a skater girl don't do
it don't ha ha ha
how much fun was that the media yeah
really fun was it exciting was it kind
of like half scary have fun do you want
to do it again yeah well we have to get
you a better scooter because these
scooters are not exactly designed for
this carry on your princess scooter is
but she's not confident enough yet to
use the princess scooter it's like a
proper scooter well we won't be telling
Eduardo where scooter right I don't know
when I fell down she asks each way
grown-ups stand around talking says
grandpa pig
what waste of a good change says Danny
dog cuz would be more exciting to make
your own soccer why don't you make your
own circus huh let's pause that for a
minute guys
this is our new thing right this is
audible in case you don't know what
honorable is it's an app data plays
where do we get today Oh No
there is the end it's an app that place
but we started doing this with Amelia as
well sometimes when I'm dropping her to
school in the morning
I never start playing audiobooks her
thank you
it plays all like the classical books
that you had is your childhood but
Eduardo as we all know he's a big fan
so instead of actually just letting him
watch you know cuz we have the TVs back
there I started to sing where the author
was cuz I personally love audiobooks as
you guys know and then I start doing the
kids and now audible I've got in touch
and they said guys I have an offer for
your friends so go to audible.com for
drugs to Tony Jolie's and you can get a
30 day free trial friends and you can
listen to
well you can listen to current affairs
news comedy pretty much anything you
want you want this back on pepper circus
he comes into the garden to see if the
tent is ready it's just amazing to watch
well and I say one more thing to my
friends oh thanks
it's just amazing to watch is like you
know his imagination fill in the blanks
as he's like listening to audio book
like a media she listens like much more
grown-up books you know anybody's
amazing header like it's like it's like
so entire them a story yes thank you
Upolu big on right now anyway
audible.com for stroke saucony Jolie's
get your 30 day free trial friends and
you too could be listening to audiobooks
let's go
I report bygone you have the 10 grandpa
she asks the guests will be here soon oh
no
okay Oh fun one come on well house it's
minus one let's go so today in swimming
we had a different teacher didn't you
yeah did she not do the circle cuz her
other teachers on holiday for a week and
then she's coming back next week and
then I think she's gone for another week
or something um but she's gonna have to
move her swimming class anyway because
she's starting new school in September
so for now it's fine but like when she
moves up in September she'll have to go
to a different class but she's ready to
move up a class anyway I got a
notification like via email saying like
Emilia is ready to move up when I was
like what I think it wider was too
actually
anyway yeah he'll probably be in like
here one off maybe I don't
and his windows awakened Western
yeah that's right in your new school so
anyway the reason why I was so annoyed
about the passport picture I'm not sure
if Jonathan showed it but like her hair
was a mess because she had in a ponytail
but it's like half out of the ponytail
and then he obviously told her not to
smile cuz like they have stupid rules
like I find them stupid like she can't
wear her bow in her hair even though
it's like a tiny little like clip like
it clips her hair back and it looks so
much better with a bow in don't even get
me started
look I need to like I need to have a
poopoo Medina okay I'm just in a bad
mood today like everything is just
annoying me you know one of those days
I'm like everything's just annoying you
it's basically what I am at right now
she's somewhat noise I keep talking she
would just go home she'll just go am i
bothering you
okay sorry uh I need a bot you got
another birdseed you gonna give it to
the bro oh oh oh I don't
it's a little nut it's enough for the
bird you want to give it to a buddy
let's find a birdie and we'll give nut
oh I see that Oh place that one yeah we
found some nuts in the floor for the
birdies pretty nuts what's going on
Buford why does one Hey Hey look
Oh No Oh
medias needs charging can you guys share
that one and I'll charge this one up
okay
no just share it out when let me charge
this one up his best friend is over
again they're so cute - dude they're
like inseparable now inseparable best
friend
alright way to charge it does anyone bar
now like this one I'm here
cool two bars see bars is better than
one bar don't share really oh my gosh ah
alright we're all going to wake Eduardo
up this could be a very bad idea might
it be a bad idea
yeah it's not gonna be about Eddie oh
it's gonna be a good idea apparently hey
what does it mean as a baby Shh be nice
down no I know no I know you you going
into Amelia's room
oh the rude awakening was it now we're
not gonna mess the room up are we Wow no
we said we're not going to mess the room
up
you have to play with Eduardo as well
okay you have to be nice to Eduardo go
look Oh the Barbie dolls guys what she
can talk hello everybody hello everybody
hello one two three four five six all
accounted for
I think one of them's got me lead Oh to
need same very mags bye hmm look at all
the donkeys
there's so many of them she's not scared
of the doggies you like Bianca you can
keep the Anka she's very annoying I know
she has none doggies yeah hmm oh that's
nice of you me Nia which one can she
have Oh shall we have this one you want
to give navei away oh there's so many of
them
oh look at my two little princesses
ready
Oh what do you say what's the magic Oh
my bum Barbie let's see Oh dogs
Nicorette you may have some water from
your glass cup it's a big day for water
today today begins a new chapter in mr.
man's life are you ready for this right
oh can I see your face of readiness give
show me your face of readiness think
that huh yeah why No
bring that upstairs to me mr. C or no
yeah okay bring that upstairs to me
please it's a new for you to new day
wardo a new dawn it's a new day it's a
new life and I feel like doing a poo poo
do do do do it at poo doing a poo do
when I pee do not be doing a poo do you
have to data editor where do you don't
you come so guys we put this here and we
put this here at this one I don't
explain you what's inside this one here
is that moving guys I think this is
moving hello
is there someone in there hello
is it media in there
it's a pop in the box I mean the end of
our Hawks he got again hmm
we just had our shower in our BOTS
waters getting this Kremlin towards
getting the cream cream do it again
going to the jokes again me this fond of
my joke alright ready pop up as big as
you can what did she go oh sorry sorry
sorry okay
with your property guys we're just a
script hey does anybody know where
amelia is hmm
is she over here no guys I can't find
Amelia anywhere wardo do you know where
amelia is do you know where Mina is
where is she where's Amelia Widow she
disappeared she disappeared there's no
way she's in this box there she is
Neda the media is out there's definitely
nobody else in there it's not right I
think it looks better I think it looks
better with the tutor miss oh my
goodness
that isn't it why doing here is a
jack-in-the-box where no again I mean
yeah sorry I did cut you it okay
all right in your pop is a name go on
scoot Shan huntin engine all right
night-night wardo I'll see you in the
morning all right why not say one for
you before you can jump again take it my
friends my friends my friend's
boyfriend's oh we're going in hey see
you tomorrow guys do it again
