no you can pick my outfit for school
okay
I would be five minutes
Mia is picking your outfit for school
your outfit yeah
oh is that what you're thinking the
little horsey one come on it's school
today
well you can't take too long
messing about here you were no standing
in your clothes it's not standing I
heard well it's miss day what are we
thinking that Melia oh sorry
well you done for now oh you think
tights nothing it's a bit hot today for
tights though yeah oh sorry
that's that's it we did it guys good job
everybody
okay breakfast time let's go let's go
let's go
now yeah chocolate I do one for you
going backwards in the stairs no you
can't go to the iPad through a little
bit
jeez whoa whoa
we almost didn't make it there so I'm in
the process of clearing out my closet
this is possibly a sale pile donate pile
this is all stuff that I need to sort
through I've just done my tops so tops
shirts blouses all of that stuff is done
so this is everything that I want to
keep and it's kind of like it's not sad
it's just a little bit like it's
therapeutic I feel like because I'm like
getting rid of so much there's actually
not that much in terms of tops that I
have to get rid of it's more like jeans
and things and like trousers and stuff
like that because they're things that
don't fit me as much anymore so that
would be a little bit emotional maybe I
don't really know that thankfully still
fits or they should I say but yeah so
let me know if you want me to sell
anything I don't really know I'm - mines
that selling things it's a lot of work
to sell stuff look I didn't kind of
realize before I did the kids stuff how
much work it entailed so if you want me
to like there's a couple of like
designer things more of the like cheaper
stuff or stuff that has like rips or
stains and I'm just gonna donate so yeah
just let me know what you guys want me
to do or what you guys think how's it
wardo today packaged that pig is water
Peppa Pig today yeah oh my god so at
that party yesterday right
we met somebody that lives across like
down the road or in the same town as the
guy who wrote Peppa Pig the real daddy
or mummy pig live in the town
Neuros you're like yes sir see they live
just like in this town which is very
close to us and to housing something our
daddy pig and mummy pays house they'll
be so cool now Peppa Pig get your
fingers out of your noses all of your
noses huh
get your finger out of your noses get
your finger out of your noses like don't
put your finger in your nose just what
is the obsession we're putting the
finger in the nose anyone there and you
guys professional nose pickers let me
know what is this what is it what are
you looking for wardo what's up there
hey buggers what do you are doing a
bugger what are you gonna do with the
bugger when you get it you're gonna take
the bugger out and then what are you
gonna do it in give it to Daddy you
gonna take your nose and give it to
Daddy daddy doesn't want your boogers he
doesn't want you buggers daddy doesn't
want your boogers come on let's
go
get out of here get out of town the
aftermath so these are all empty hangers
that I don't need anymore
these are my dresses there's a mess on
the floor sorry this doesn't look that
different but these are just basically
all my jackets and jeans and there are a
lot gan from here I think I need to move
this because it's too long maybe I
should move just two tops it's just
annoying it's an awkward sighs okay
and these are my tops like I showed you
before and my bags are down there and
hats I don't have a lot of wardrobe
space I need like a professional
organizer to put into my house
preferably the one from what's-her-name
Alejandra Costello if you'd like to come
to my house and like trained me on how
to better organize my closet that would
be great
and then these are all to donate / sell
I don't mean old thing on me bothersome
guys I just feel like it's such a
headache oh and I found my Louboutin box
so I might put my shoes back in there oh
yeah here's the one I want to put these
in and these need to be relooked the
little heel of that is gone and I found
spare heels in this box I'm gonna put
them okay I always get this mixed up
there we go okay so I feel pretty happy
now I just need to clean up this mess
and then we're good to go and then we've
got a clear a ton of my wardrobe and I
just feel a lot freer alright Amelia is
currently putting what are you putting
in at people's houses
what buckets these two little monkeys
she's putting flowers don't immediate
you comforted hours in people's houses
get out of here
don't listen to me laughs she's naughty
okay are you a bit scared you should be
scared the media is crazy she is crazy I
feel like you're crazy - I feel like
together
cray and z they make each other or even
worse
you need two best friends forever
it was cute
what did you have fun
ah hello monkeys you to use our little
monkeys you know that what no parties no
we made a deal
did we when did we make this deal agent
deal but when did ID make this deal so
if I turn around right now you will love
me but if I don't turn it on you won't
love me anymore no just today oh no what
should I do
yeah
hello friends and welcome to the
alphabet game between the alphabet game
yeah okay this is the alphabet game okay
so we get the alphabet cards okay and
then we have to test them with media
Emilia apparently is playing a hard game
here she's telling me she knows them all
all right so every time we get one rice
we get a bar no we don't but we'll get a
couple right in and we'll get a lucky
dip
looky job are you excited for a lucky
dip are you playing you got to finish
your dinner first
you got to finish dinner that's the
rules to play the rules you have to
finish your dinner you ready go ready
why good girl
you ready with me yes whoa Q for Queen
and then F for very very good
or or for ready for horthy this is a
hard old ice d4 yeah they look like eg a
baby II does look like a G guys I've
never really actually taught about that
it's very clever
okay you ready use we're gonna go we're
into the lightning rounds okay this is
the lightning round
are you ready for lightning round
already know I've had a pop it up yeah I
know I'm sorry I was looking in the
picture ah I think you passed Amelia I
think you are a genius
all right winner pick one from the magic
coverage you pick two one for me and one
for you curly whirly ooh the choice good
choice and one job one job you one job
good choice come on mister
finish your dinner only two more two
more and you too mister could be a
winner taking the dog for a walk it's
quite late it was quite dark outside
anyway because I didn't bring them out
yesterday because I was so exhausted
when we got home and they didn't get a
walk today did you think I'm gonna make
another dog up here good doggies I love
when the grass is all cut and like
looking nice it's so much easier to walk
this government come on guys I'm taking
up for I can see a rolling gonna happen
here come on Oh boost up need to pick up
some poo Oh another post-op I trust
these two Albion Sina
probably the most of all of my dogs like
seen out of trust with my life like she
would do anything all right
we have come to the end of the video
friends did you enjoy at the end but you
need to see oh oh it's just wasn't so
much is just me that here is this video
and it was just doing heavy 12 but it's
just time for the music to stop I hate
just go 2 days of music so I won't watch
the music ok so do do music either music
