good morning it's Sunday can you say
good morning
yeah kitty cats we're making pancakes
going to say good morning Amelia what
are we having for breakfast this morning
ha welcoming properly okay
broccoli oh no pancakes oh okay thanks
for car buying Oh remember then oh I
remember that toy I love this I love how
things just like come out again you know
there's like nothing original anymore it
just like stuff just come back again
what twenty years down the line I can't
believe it's been that long when did I
get old oh that's good mixing I'll just
do it a little bit more yeah and now we
need to do the wet ingredients okay we
need one cup of milk yeah so can you get
me the milk
here you pour in we oh it's alright
there you go
yeah welcome okay now we need one egg oh
okay
that's a teeny one okay we'll leave that
in there for now let's do this one okay
it's going to be quite difficult to do
do we remember what happened last time
wow it crapped in there so let's let
mommy do it first
okay now you open it can you open it
who's this him yay did it good job
we only need one is that nice guys
so just happen a little bit okay
pancakes are about to get made I just
need a what you call that thing
ladle yeah I woke up to the smell of fan
base no was it nice it was very nice no
it's alright aboard we're heading to a
pink party have we talked we said where
we're going in I don't think so
it's a pink pony party it's not our team
thanks Andrea you're right so from me
and Amelia actually for all of us it
wasn't that hard to find pink things
Jonathan had bought last year never open
it yeah um not just for the party but he
had bought it and I was like as soon as
I saw it was like oh my god you can wear
that for Lucy's party and then um for me
obviously it's not that hard to find
something pink although a lot of my
wardrobe doesn't really fit me so I had
these bright pink trousers but they're
way too small for me so I was thinking
of them but obviously I can't wear them
so I really like this little play suit
because it's got pink flowers on it and
then this is it looks white on the
camera but it's actually really like
also I think N and I bike and then my
handbag is like proper like baby pink
and then Amelia has obviously the
easiest because almost everything in her
closet is pink which ended wardo has
like he had two pink t-shirts so he
doesn't have any like formal wear that's
pink it would have been cute if he had
could have matched with Jonathan but he
didn't have anybody I went for like a
blue kind of shirt yeah you have the
same kind of short yeah yeah oh my gosh
yeah bye sure you did and then Amelia
when she saw Jonathan's polo shirt she
was like you're wearing Ralph
like what have we created like Laura I
think she thinks that it's like
Eduardo's thing so your way around like
Eduardo
that's Eduardo's Ralph does it like yeah
all right we're at the party
Lucy's grandmother's house I think I'll
be quiet but she has lots and lots of
animals just get his chicken here he's
like wearing bell-bottoms what don't say
boo to the chicken do you like guys can
you speak chicken Hey
no word oh that's not chicken that's
Tiger no you can't speak tiger to a
chicken a Bob does he speak chicken to
his murder just notify over here I think
oh wait is it the same thing no no there
was no one in here earlier maybe he's
gonna sleep one look at the baby ones
gosh she's got a baby ones in there big
one
do you see the little baby ones Dillon
Ernie the coolest guard it's like
something from like you know The Secret
Garden
no no where you going where are you
going back this way media look at her
just wondering in what no no we're going
we're not going under adventure she's
like wandering in got any baby chickens
in there yes Oh
yeah look you can see them from here if
we go in Jonathan they'll go in they'll
go in look look come and understand how
she's taking them in yeah Jenny come on
I there's baby look it's close to her
yeah what's her name Jenny Jenny Wren
she's cool hello Jenny Wren eyes lucky
the hill baby chickens did you see the
baby chickens
what don't chase the chickens look look
you see and one of them one of these is
is from her and her egg jonathan is that
big no way
yeah absolutely and she looks tiny and
that's a classic Bob
this guy here no white with the
bell-bottoms how do you think that many
saw my god we taught them about six
seven years is it hard to keep chickens
I don't know it's okay he's all right
you're all right mister you're all right
why don't why not water just some humans
here there's some humans don't mind us
we're just chickens
pretend you're chicken and media pretend
you're chicken Amelia pretend you're
chicken
no way
no is there an egg in there oh this
would be a blue egg oh yes you're right
actually yeah there is the chicken egg
look see the color Wow
that's for you how come it's blue
because she's that's a far leg that
brown one that mean brown one and they
lay that fluttering where well well mr.
prone to dropping things thank you I
tell you what we'll do we'll put it in
the kitchen yeah take it home isn't that
amazing mean if they let instead of
white or brown yeah Ruben's that's cool
you're like come to my party and eat all
my food and then I'll punish you later
yeah every marshmallow yeah it's like
how many birthdays this is a good
business strategy keep keep your clients
you know yeah yeah it's in the friend
know I've got that meeting we found in a
we went into the chicken coop thing what
you found me yeah we found an egg a blue
egg alright we are bringing the ponies
in I've never brought a pony in do I
need a cowboy hat and again and lastly
do I laugh suitum yeah yeah we're two
cowboy hats please a girl cowboy hat a
girl one what colors you want your
cowboy have
slang a butterfly one Oh Eduardo come on
cowboy Eduardo we're gonna need three
cowboy hats would you get a jaffa cake
we're bringing the horses in wardo a
monster horsey I'm genuinely excited
about this you're not excited about this
gonna be a monster one huh this may be a
monster one yeah don't give you a Jaffa
Cake away guardo can I hear jaffa cake
no okay she'll be coming round the
mountain when she comes to comes you'll
be coming round weten one chuckles ha
then in the middle of dung dung look at
you go guys so cute if you want to clean
mouth oh I'm so cute like you do help
I'm eating a careful careful
climb on oh now you gotta do a double
reverse trip over the fence okay why no
oh come on give me a little cutter give
me a little credit
I love kissing their nose enough she
kissed the horsey Amelia do you want to
kiss the horsey then you have to kiss
his nose kiss his nose Oh Amelia give
the horsey little kiss on the nose
Amelia give the horsey kiss on the nose
mmm-hmm will we get a horse Amenia till
we buy a horse
would you like one which one will we get
which one can we buy this one will give
you Bianca
cuckoo trader you say that now you say
that now strike it
you like the horsie you like the horsie
be careful Amelia you can give him a
little cutter oil I these are my new
best horsey friends my horsey friends
blow up their nose blow their nose horn
the deal was I thought you guys like
attack we do something right you guys oh
hey we were gonna snatch our face swap
horses boy yeah yeah that's it boy whoa
no they're so cute let's get a horse
guys walking in the jungle walking in
the jungle we're not afraid we're not
afraid stop look listen what is it Wow a
lion is a lion okay Amelia is a really
important information to tellers okay me
yeah here we go
so yeah the big day they had a big bath
and those Wed yeah I wish I love with we
will come back to the house and get it
you could bring some bowls
that was from trampoline know some pose
that have water balls and you could go
in the back and then we have so much fun
Elvia partly is that what you is that a
friend news friend video so we have to
come back here so I think we have to
come back here to this house fill the
balls with water
wait the waiting right how do we get the
water in the balls
what oh the water balloons having a
heart of an inch for - oh yeah hey okay
well that's our plan for tomorrow I
guess you see that I'm a big fan did we
need to see the big bath
yeah oh okay well I guess I guess we are
this is is a very unique house
you know he can go up this way what is
that it see there's a secret passage hmm
guys there's a secret passage perfect
oh okay okay whoa what the hell is the
craziest bout you ever an a-plus
this is amazing what you like walk into
it oh can you say Legos from that day I
guess you that well I'm not going to
there
that's scary it's terrifying what guys I
dunno all-nighters water look oh how are
you supposed to fit this house I'm here
on a pasta
whoa is this a secret passage trip close
passage we know oh don't open that door
opener Oh
Neely's getting your egg Kamini you're
right careful of it though no I get
taken home you put it into the egg blue
egg can you say thank you now you can go
and sell that yeah we are home I know it
seems like it's really bright but it's
late at night Eduardo is thought it's
gonna sleep if he was feeling a little
bit worn out from the party wasn't he
Mina they put your oil on did I put the
oil on will oh yeah areas coming to join
us
I haven't got any clothes to wear so I
just bug boy things to wear Wow hey did
you have fun at the party and I had it
but any sure
she could you have fun at the party yeah
have a spin job because nothing's in my
drawer so I just need to go nature and
all my students are coming oh my friends
we're gonna go does not look so pretty
not dress seriously you do it's not a
dress is it enough
no I think it's like I'm done washing my
hands every day I put this back on so I
can see why my friends here come here
say goodbye to our friends
