guess who's back back again
tractors back tell a friend a good face
the amount of things you have to bring
one bringing one baby out
good morning and Saturday morning
friends as a rather than we are all out
this morning because we are going to the
playground we've got two hours two hours
it's going to be a storm of rain we do
that so we're gonna see if we can bring
a left honest mean this morning all the
children out and then maybe you'll just
go home and go see gonna sleep okay we
really find out we gotta go spinny mode
well first we're just just swinging out
you guys want to go super fast
what kind of fast want to go super fast
you want spinny mode or bumpy mode then
bumpy spinny mode all right you asked
for it here it comes guys I am
beautified
oh my goodness the camellias up there at
the top ready I am pushing you can give
a less you know okay thank you
see you is that how you gonna push yeah
are you ready for this your first time
let's see you guys well that's the
difference way is to really gentle
really gentle now you want to go and you
peel on the fridge is mister yeah I
think she needs your lows even smaller
ones you can get even smaller swings are
those ones even smaller why don't have
your monkey monkey oh boy that's it
we're going lads your first time guys
and welcome ah miss are you ready are
you ready for the experience and
alessia's first time well all's so
getting kids get two three yeah they
follow the girl
yeah
no no keep going keep going keep going
keep going
oh man shaking your dinner guys hello
Lydia welcome to our goemon is everybody
we got a spot by the way Missy normally
we always aim for the foods at night but
as you can see we're okay we're okay for
space today so we're sitting all day
right here interviewed it doesn't look
like this at night time do you think you
are doubt walk close it no no I'm gonna
teach you how to use chopsticks you
already know how to use chopsticks so I
mean he already knows how to use
chopsticks a turbulence oh they're like
a fork now look at you look at you
little drummer Alessi is having some
mini yakisoba the huts
that nice got some juices don't if you
put the crane in that you should have
enough grease anymore
you like it well done for trying it
though
it's a pink stuff on top of the a key so
by taking well done I mean yeah cause
it's spicy okay you mean a little bit
extreme what your drama here okay and
why don't you want to try some I mean
you really like that I mean it was habit
and you liked it
it's nice water you should try it it
tastes like chocolate thank you guys
snack sticks you just slide that thing
through the hole so the kids get these
things called snack sticks and they're
like let me see the snack stick there
it's like chopsticks for kids but it's
like it's so easy to use I'd like I'd
like I'd like them
I'd like some snack sticks so let's see
seven Yankees so about Anna's have a
nikkie so that's the girl outside in the
team are you gonna pick up a crayon well
maybe you should pick up your food in
wine oh okay okay let's put the crayons
away for the moment okay we have Calma
is true the supermarket after we had
well Mama's how did you guys there's a
what you want this do you like this the
whole thing well what do you want to get
it and then you have it a little bit
let's get it okay why don't you get
something like oh yeah yeah I don't know
hot chocolate pudding yeah okay put it
in and there's two look this one for
guardo did you what did you guys think
of welcome um is your first experience
with Markham omens did you like him or
no no I had to contain the children I
like to put them in the trolley always
works - always works out well we're in
like some sort of a convoy here Alessi
is in the front there cheese and I'll
just gonna end there anyway in rent I'll
gonna make it turn out the whole convoy
has to turn cheese okay
there's no he's a point goodness all
right cut boy let's go to the robot
robots in disguise
okay place the things here
you place the things up come on guys
place the things up thank you Oh Thank
You Eduardo
sweets offer guys did you bring any
money Thanks
does this work invisible money invisible
money contact us that must be invisible
invisible money I have invisible money
oh it was a proof you must have had
invisible money look it works
thank you right we must wait Alessi yeah
oh he's gonna hear my little helper
let's the advantage you have a lot of
the kids it can all eventually look
after each other hmm
oh is that the official ways we grew up
yeah good morning Alessi huh
good morning again les yeah mmm you have
a nice sleep huh did you have a nice
sleep hmm
soon you'll be able to sleep in the
media's room the girls room huh good
morning good morning oh let's see uh
it's already morning it's good morning
again good afternoon good evening and
good night don't get her fright that's
that the paramours
baby perfume are you a baby we're having
a bit of a chill sesh we're having a
chill sesh everybody Emilia is playing
her new game that she forced me to buy
her like she does every weekend huh huh
hmm no we get something for less yet you
wanna look after I see for me I gotta go
find your brother he's gonna use loss
from her in this house
I can see here outlined in the Sun the
book of pines and his slippers on
city
I'll hear you whisper in the dark
sitting up in the night with your head
in your arms in the empty home
ding-dong dispersing finish hairy tree
it happen
watch the line
crossed all
all those times you did before
which books here we don't rise the
Amazon man has come he has brought in it
who likes puzzles huh because you guys
have been doing puzzles so much lately
the dad went in ordered a couple of
puzzles from Amazon are we excited guys
don't tell us oh it's a surprise secret
where it was a prank and it's filled
with cold all right take your seats guys
take your seats
we're gonna give a less yeah a little
snack get a carrot cake it's not Lego
they're all puppet
it's like play town yeah cuz you know
what I was taking guys we can build a
whole road system around the house you
see look how cool is this
I know this is the expansion pack I
actually got the real one - the magical
castle 40 piece jigsaw hundred and fifty
pieces of a dinosaur jigsaw whoa
50 piece a big dinosaur a giant floor
puzzle we got the giant railway system
100 pieces of the pirate-ship tank
26 giant alphabet 60-piece minions ha
you may disagree but I feel that like
puzzles aren't really nice presence in a
way like because they're really happy to
like do puzzles and stuff like that so
it's not like toys so I don't mind I
don't feel like I'm spoiling them I know
some people might say oh my goodness
you're spoiling them I don't because I'm
like it's good it teaches them like
problem solving a puzzle making and you
know because it were actually really
likes making puzzles this one no 150
piece that's gonna be a really hard one
to make this is kisses cool all right
which one we do first and call me when
it's done I want to see a full train
track with a full railway system and I
have to have working trains on it that
should keep them busy for the rest of
the day you know what guys I think I
might build this oh my goodness guys
there's a ghost in the house oh my
goodness there's a ghost in the house oh
wait a second it's just a Meany yeah
yeah we're getting somewhere that's
we're getting somewhere again someone
with the old instructions hey does it
does it come fill the toys there you go
as requested one white toy chest thank
you which ensemble that's really cool
like II that's what you get think it
means that the kids can't slam it now
get out of that you're too big you're
too big okay Dwight oh we're coming now
me now you're supposed to be in bed
maybe can I and whatcha doing I'm
showing off your technique a flick of
the wrist with the flick of the wrist oh
yeah what are you doing doing you crazy
person
okay I'm gonna stop stop stop it it's so
be doing something eating the soapy
water let's go let's have hair go jump
alright let's go upstairs to bed young
lady
come on is weren't already in bed asleep
you're supposed to be up there you
monkey let's go put the stuff back
get up there right now
