good morning everybody it's Saturday
we've got yeah it does we've got some
serious bedhead going on here and if
wardo what are you having for breakfast
this morning
do you know what are you having when you
having what what are you having yeah
goggle bops generally speaking during
the week I used to give them curious nor
I used to give them these cereals more
and then I just stopped I started doing
like more like you know like eggs and
thank you from ABBA cattle yesterday on
toast oh yeah no hitting say sorry to
your brother say sorry say sorry say
sorry to your brother or no Coco Pops
come on
otherwise I make you porridge good girl
good girl
sometimes I do like what else granola
with yogurt and all that kind stuff and
then I just kind of started and giving
them the chocolate cereal as a treat or
meat like other week anything only
because even though they're like healthy
right I like gluten-free organic low-fat
low-salt all that stuff there's still
like a good amount of sugar in yeah like
the second ingredient is always sugar in
these and you know sometimes like cane
sugar or like it's not bad sugar but
like one of them is castor sugar second
ingredient and I just don't think that's
for you like your shoes at wardo very
fancy
whoa careful so we just had a bit of a
domestic but it fight put mommy in town
you're back together again
oh there you go you're welcome and you
notice they cost money
she knows that things in life are not
free you want to have a running waste
look we've come across here guys there's
like tracks okay we have a running race
you have to run under tracks
you ready don't know no you can't run
across all the tracks
work everyone on the tracks word out
it's Lila works
follow bars I've never seen this one
before see can you see it's toy it's a
little sign oops oops oh I think you got
it you got it
TV gets it you might have to give me
some raspberries yeah okay guys I've
never seen this one before though yeah
it's cool isn't it
hello around
and we are
that's right
mr. Holmes
hello friends we are killing in the
skatepark waters watching all the
skateboarders get his fellow here what's
he gonna do oh he's gonna do some sort
of a magical flip I don't want to be a
skateboarder huh
so Amelia's in ballet we're Anna we're
waiting in the park this is a Food Fair
today in the park here it's probably
over there somewhere on either side
we're gonna try those new shoes try a
new shoes
mm what's on them what's on your shoes
Wow and a Ralph's yeah they're so cute
laughs Ralph's oh why does Ralph's party
you should bring your scooter he could
be that little kid you should bring your
scooter here huh would you want to try
that was finished ballet Amelia I got
lolly she's so happy with herself and
all right well let's see if we can see
him cuz they said they were over here I
don't see daddy he said he was near the
skate park oh they are all right come on
this way this way
and it does sharing I think waters kind
of take it was it fun in ballet
we saw the Ducks know as a food first
started yet
I know it's over there you can cast all
set up okay cook starving Sun cream
stock one cream and lollipop stop mm-hmm
did you give him another lick did you
give him his yo-yo earlier yeah yeah he
likes it oh good alright guys let's go
get some food smell of dog pee in that
area oh hey come on then hi we are at
the Food Fair the barrel food we're
looking around for some food and stuff
media still has her lollipops is widel
an ice cream shop we almost got ice
cream soon realized and called drunken
ice creams there infuse for alcohol so
have you been interesting
we did get ice cream the other day olive
oil
reminds me of course daddy's getting a
one before I have not I hope sup - come
on guys keep up Eduardo right out
oh my god Andy flawless have you seen
candy class ret
oh you ended up what so I got the this
thing here which is that tiny but the
hot dogs aren't ready for 15 minutes
guys I get this thing over here just to
be a good idea for a friend newest trend
video why forget one of those things and
then the kids get thrown a sponge isapi
go - kids got fish and chips like
literally fishes and shippers unite
wardo meat is eating the chips orders
eating the fishies
why don't like the fishies I don't know
how I got this where's my thing that was
really good by the way guys this is
Apple and rhubarb
what's the pomegranate one like Apple
Apple I'm pomegranate I paid extra fifty
people a pomegranate
oh my goodness it's all nice children
the park some some people came here like
really prepared to head like hens and
everything we're not we're not there yet
you want another fishy word Oh which one
you want it which one you want pick a
fishy hey I can you show Danny me wait
the fish did you eat it oh that is so
laughs you're so good yeah yeah so
Eduardo and Ana are the same with their
fish you've ruined our lunch oh my
goodness water looking behind us look
here chilling in the shade
we'll get this little fella plain and
lavender field it sounds cute they're
gonna do
yeah that's the rules you have to stand
where I can see you
yep I can see you there yeah you can't
go really far away that's the rules
until we would say the monster will come
oh look at wardo he's gone way too far
away
Edoardo go get him go get him
just got some ice cream ice cream ice
cream so yummy come on let's keep
walking
thanks me we've got small ones this time
yes got I got Emiliana flake I only had
450 and yeah she does because she's a
chocolate theme doesn't she only had 450
left they were 2 pounds for a single
cone and 250 for one of the place they
got one with a flake for her because I
knew she liked some stuff this chocolate
come on come on
slow-cook you've got it all down your
top now it's alright it's fine come on
come at in the wash
we're nice just taking a break if you
just stop too much ice cream and take a
break oh my god is like a little old man
I just need to stop and eat this ice
cream I don't want to hear about you
were pointing at come on mister come on
you're a solo all right we are home
Eduardo's asleep in bed and what are we
doing guys
what zootropolis so I don't actually
watch this on the plane but like it's on
Amazon it for eight 14 pounds you can
have a right now lads so it's gonna do
this I haven't seen this I thought I
thought a small David on the plane with
there with the guy humor the slow-moving
flopping you didn't see that when you
showed me that a little bit didn't you
oh maybe a wee YouTube that later you
know I just told you about it no well I
watch it somewhere he he comes in he's
out of breath and he's like I think I
just told you and I don't it you ever
watched it really yeah clear vision in
my head of it amazing I think I think we
you made me you too but afterwards and
we looked at that clip over he's telling
the joke ha ha that's the best yeah I
think that's the 50 you told me we're
just low I need I turn to the guys know
is reaction to steak so low you'd like
to have the jump he's just like
ha tells us give a guy a Jovi's how you
go so well either we're just talking
yeah
alright we ready for this guys does
everyone want to watch this it's an
animal 100 and you make a full screen
come on oh whoa whoa no way this is
scary
Christ is this scary what's going on
here what's happened yeah try take a
wipe each look at this look what you
guys have done oh my goodness no no the
wife is not for you Amelia
the wife is for the door let's go guys
what's this here guys I told you you
look like a knee cuz we don't the cars
not doing fuck
we told you well I can i I wasn't
telling the lie I just didn't know you
were the one look at your clothes look
at your clothes right right well I think
I'm gonna spray the hose on you guys as
punishment okay now stand up against the
door where are you going
stand up against the door and take your
punishment Oh monkey come on Oh ready oh
yeah okay funny this fella is oh he's
gone he's gone wardo he looks spiders
come on let's go your pizza's ready
mister mr. and mrs. come on you miss the
spider now maybe he'll come back later
maybe he'll come back later come on I
got some pizzas here for everybody
Oh Pizza time Pizza time it's
everybody's favorite time it's time
again we peaches don't you barking I
might even blog anymore because I hate
to convert you home footage anywhere I
hope you enjoyed your video presentation
you
