come on if I'm telling you today I love
me I'm like Jackie I know why I do this
Amelia is prepared for some sort of
torrential storm today got a rain jacket
on and an umbrella huh you prepare for
the storms she's so foolish like I mean
umbrella
I need a raincoat hey move in move in
move in
come on Mary Poppins I bet you at my
workout my face is so spotty right now
it's actually like it's spotty but dry
does that make sense like I feel like
the oils all being kind of you know
stripped out of there and like all the
impurities and everything have been
stripped out so now I'm just left with
the spots that are just like drying up
but as a result my neck it's super dry
so if you've noticed like in snapchats
and stuff
I can notice anyway my neck sometimes
looks really wrinkly it's because it's
like literally like sandpaper like
that's what it feels like it's just
because of all the treatments I've been
having and I keep moisturizing it like
every day and every night but it's just
like this area is very delicate I feel
like but it's horrible I really don't
like it I'm wearing all turquoise and
blue and like green today even my socks
are green check this out trendy
yesterday I got 10,000 steps like wait
before Jonathan did and it's because I
did another lap of the walk without him
because you I think it's like 2,000
steps per lap so I think I worked it out
it takes like 6,000 steps to walk six
dogs because if I do a 2 by 2 by 2
that's how I do it how cool is that
6,000 steps to walk six dogs so if you
want to build up your steps just get six
dogs several song feels hours later
they're in the wind
and it's been a leak in any game didn't
miss enchanted contingencies yo what's
up what's up what's up my name's in
murder Oh murder a lot sometimes I just
chill
I'll start talking to me stop talking to
me I've got it if she knows let me just
get is this thing like okay guys
seriously you have to listen to me when
I'm talking because I am cool cool and
cool and cool increment and cool is out
of my front crop let's say I said okay
thank you for watching and I'm gonna
punch it punch it no no no budget so
I've just posted these things no not
this yet yeah I posted these things on
my d pop shop oh my god it takes so long
because I have to find a picture of them
wearing it
Eduardo in this case and then I have to
UM obviously put up the pictures that
I've already taken off the item check
the sizing because obviously I did that
quite a while ago so I have to check the
sizing check the condition I feel like I
kind of get brain dead from doing it
because I doing it on my phone
so I'm kind of like looking at a tiny
screen the whole time in it just like I
don't I can't I'm just I can't even
explain like I don't even really
understand why it's so tiring it
shouldn't be but it is it's like
requires so much concentration so I
still have all of these things to put up
and I haven't yet I gained brofist first
of all we got a delivery in here you
want to come what you can help me
I'm not I don't have shoes on Eider yeah
it's alright yeah yeah exactly
he's actually reversing in must be a big
delivery must be a delivery huh wish
with delivery we don't have delivery
near us oh you know that thing where it
is exciting horn we gotta open the gate
though for the guys let them out okay
whoo yeah we're gonna get brofist that
should open that up let's check yep
gates open
goodbye delivery man it was fun he was a
short relationship we didn't spend a lot
of time together but what little time we
spent together it was amazing it was
amazing wasn't it
all right wanna skip brofist hey kid
what yeah is that the official way of
walking the incy wincy daddy and Amelia
went up the bedroom stairs into it
world's room we went what are you doing
okay brofist brought this hey where no
he won't
oh my goodness the port rose mm-hmm you
sing him a song Amelia to wake him up
see him to wake up
look at this oh my goodness I need to
put my arms around
come here nice of you oh whatever you do
don't make my nose
Oh do a face wop with Olaf and Eduardo I
don't know that would work
it might work he's got all it needs his
eyes and a nose oh my goodness she's
gonna be so funny if this works
learn : I think is it not picking it up
no ah
Britton oh no oh oh you mean hmm
and I'm you I uh I guess a kid right now
you ready to go to London talk with you
what you got going on here
oh my shoes Oh batons very fancy let's
see what else if you picked up here
you've got your Polaroid you've got your
car key got your wedding ring a bracelet
necklace she's ready to go to London
just give me just give it didn't end it
didn't did it didn't ended it there MP
you will paint Abilene campaign company
well paint Japanese your pinch I believe
no plane simply you've been praying in
the trampoline Eduardo for 700 million
years and it's now time to go to the
back Joanna have run the back
let's go come on ring about it
Warriner trampoline all right I'll give
you a trampoline as you can tell we
didn't manage to pick up all the balls
blender any balls into their droid oh
come on we gotta go we gotta go we gotta
go come on
okay well I get Amelia to run the bath
no okay I'll get Amelia to run the bath
then Oh what linen is carry on here oh
my goodness what count you dim your mic
and all your bounces one two three four
seventy-five 91 a hundred hmm
what do you did a hundred bounces now oh
come on go let's go get a media the
doctor did their training
oh thank you said entrain Hank I need
some training all right Amelia Thomasina
psych hold
we have an emergency
what's happening guys Oh mommy what's
happening
some are we having a baby
is it an Amelia baby oh my
mommy baby you see it Amelia mommy
where'd you look at Amelia that you
that's human yeah well Mimi is crying
Amelia's crying guys Oh for Amelia
what's the media saying oh we ought to
have that look that study culture of a
local chord that was how you used to get
your dinner and mommy's tummy fat when
you that's ready you was it go when I
was a doctor yeah I was a doctor were
you a doctor - yeah I am always a doctor
for one minute when I ma'am when I'm and
I'm slipping the umbilical cords that's
what I'm a doctor
that's my doctoral experience so that
you can have your own baby Amelia
imagine you want to have a baby someday
Mac there's Mia
here's the deal Amelia do you remember
that day
yeah was that a fun day
yeah baby
she watched the other one where I was
born
okay okay but first guys let's say
goodbye to our friends my friend's
boyfriend did you like it
oh wait a minute okay she watches
tomorrow
Oh
