hey mister hi hi you're all Ralph Lauren
today where's the spooky monster this
one here oh is it under the sofa lady
cuz you took them off there yesterday to
remember you took them off when you were
on the phone - oh my remember come on
let's go we gotta go quick I have to go
and get the car thing is because I left
the thingies in the car come on
so yesterday summer I took the doggies
home I left all the harnesses in the car
like a fool now put your harness on put
your harness on Eduardo put your harness
on what which color harness - you guys
were all of them come on soft playtime
we're all in underwater day lads well us
too and all the ducky kids alright this
scene is holding on to Nevaeh their way
Dara Theodore for safety and security
right just see you can grab them easier
days a lot cooler thankfully guys it's
not it's like intentionally crazy it's a
little bit cooler today
we're going out we're heading to London
shortly we have a meeting so to save
Anna some time I've come on to walk
normally she does this to dogs at a time
three times but to save time I have come
pom pom as well see the olden days
before kids before work you should just
like walk the dogs or walk Alby and Cena
Oh Albie Albie look at him look at him
how do you last come on let's go mr.
figure this little gang here
it's so cute behind us
I don't want to be in again pick up the
pace Alvey they're so funny and they
good way they walk together like one
it's like a transformer they all form
one one big dog hello Amelia
hello Eduardo did you have fun where did
you go you went too softly did you play
softly at the soft play or did you play
hardly or did you hardly play at all in
the soft way you didn't go too hard play
soft play hi woody there's a snake in my
boots there's no snake in my boots
anyway don't know why I'm sitting here
talking to you guys I gotta run and get
a train cuz I gotta go into London what
like this time guys like Daddy I like
you our dough guys we haven't filmed the
friendliest rent video in a while okay
it's been two why we need to film or
that TV no where do we do it at the
weekend today okay well I gotta go
because I'm already late oh I'll see you
guys later
you have been fished for lunch what
we're gonna do when we get home alright
lads
alright don't eat up fish don't eat the
fish
until last night well we didn't actually
remember and then Francesco's like
already for lunch tomorrow we're like
oops but lucky it's not that far away so
instead think of the pokemons oh my
goodness guys he literally just carries
his phone everywhere with him and like
stops and then I just walk I like
literally don't care I just walk ahead I
know love him cause I just find it so
annoying I think it's the most annoying
thing ever I know it's great it gets
people out blah blah blah I don't care
like Jonathan was like are you gonna
download it when it comes out I was like
no well actually no no on record the day
before it came out cuz we didn't
actually know it was gonna come into
next day yeah you're saying like oh
maybe I'll have a look at it yeah
because I didn't know what it was and
then I realized well how stupid it was
that's like oh no no no way Pokemon go
away I'm like I can respect it but I
just don't need it in my life you know
to me that's how I feel about that but
there's plenty of things that like you
can respect make up but you don't need
it in your life true true that and
limitations
I understand Kardashian's I understand
that people need Kardashians I don't
need Kardashians in my life
but I I respect and I understand that
people do need Kardashians
just like some people needs the college
I don't need it it's just like
entertaining yeah I don't need to catch
pokemons
I just choose to catch a Pokemon no I
think you actually are those dogs guys
they're like my favorite Todd zwillich
separate hours uncles oh geez laughing
okay fine hey you can't hear me I just
sound like a crazy person
oh look at him I like that one I like
them for anyone maybe that's the card
gift for me and Amelia me two of us in
the school runs this is that's a new car
for the school runs should I get it
should I get it in the Train find a
crappy on the train the wrong train is
to me that sorry we all gonna fit in do
it do it do it we've done all our
meetings and stuff we are now free to go
hunt some pokemons you wanna go hear
some pokemons where Jessica gave up keep
the lead at the application
it's a lifestyle choice
you should've her boyfriend he's in it
he's chosen the lifestyle is he pretty
got his gameboy and started paying the
old school bitch oh my god
you know you are you Hannah for
Christmas the super Nintendos are coming
back out I mean these super Nintendos
you're gonna be able to bite him you
should get him more Christmas I'm pretty
sure Adam is not watching this video so
we jump back in the Train or are we
going to catch a Pokemon Oh
oh yeah vlog yet you guys want a video
bye no guys is a Pidgey because the
picture get a pokemon ball there's a
Pidgey a brand-new train somewhere but
this train is saying is going to
Brighton I don't want to go to Brighton
I guess we're gonna frighten okay it's
just like the longest train in the world
of everything now did the dogs do a good
job looking after you what good water
your phones are in right out Eduardo's
phone is ring in the media
okay so daddy and Amelia have gone to
the shop to get a fused for our who
Burke's our Hoover broke today but I
think it's just the fuse in the plug
Eduardo is helping me to clean up all
right you gonna do some more here
complete that one yeah yeah yeah put it
in the dishwasher yep you can put it
here thank you
careful it's dirty
yeah we've got these we need to take
these apart but first he was upset about
not going but then when he realized he
could help me dishwasher that made it
okay you want you want your water we're
at we're at Morrison's okay but look we
just found Amelia
what's that over there do you see the
piggy we get the Pidgey guy oh do you
wanna have a go okay
let me show you do okay you see their
little ball there okay
you got a swipe through the ball up a
swipe through a ball up yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah swipe it up go let it go Oh
almost try again try again swipe the
ball up oh you got him Oh
is he gonna jump out are you gonna get
him you're gonna get him
you did it you got one you got one yeah
where are you going to what will we go
in tight I can get you down Shh
all right now remember we won't tell
anyone mommy asked did you guys get
pokemons what do you say no no so watch
this like organization video to that
this morning when I was getting ready
and the channel is Alejandra Costello or
Costello I don't know if she saw that
but um she has like I think she's one of
the five most organized people in
America or something like that or she
has one of the five most organized homes
in America actually I think she's one of
the five most organized people in
America I think that's what it is
Oh out of breath and basically she does
like organization videos and like
organizing tips and all that and this is
a funny fun fact so when I was doing my
driver's theory test I was really
nervous cuz I have failed it the first
time and so when I was going in right
before my test I watched one of her
videos and it completely calmed me down
for some reason seeing somebody's like
organized house made me feel so much
camera and like more at ease and I
passed my test afterwards like obviously
I studied for it so that's probably more
so why I passed but it's just funny that
like the different things people do like
I've seen comments of people saying they
watch our videos to like relax or calm
down or if they're feeling anxious or
stressed or anything anyway so basically
her stuff on there like I mean never in
a whole in a million years could I be
that organized like I know that like I
watch her videos and it's all one is you
just watch it for like pleasure and you
know that your life will never be that
organized but you can gain inspiration
from I don't know it just makes me feel
like really at ease
like I see somebody else has organized
life so I just kind of like took
inspiration from it and one of the
things she was she always says is like
start small like start with like one
area of the house and like finish it
likes it like you start organizing it
and like finish that task and then move
on to the next I'm like that's how you
won't get overwhelmed or anything well I
would start with my bedroom because
that's probably like the most organized
already so I feel like I could make that
like super organized and also I'm the
only one who really is in there most of
the time so it's not like I have outside
influence if you know what I mean okay
let's see we need really light pajamas
because it's still super hot out
hi everybody come with your beds
Oh with your beds it's bad it's bad it's
bad guys it's bad this is very excited
about this prospect come on guys
she's the wetter pross cake for tomorrow
you see look it's actually gonna rain so
it's gonna start raining at about 7:00
a.m. it's 18 degrees currently tonight
and it's gonna rain pretty much till
7:00 so for like 12 hours there's 30% of
rain pretty much 12 hours all day today
but then you can see it's basically
going to be it's gonna be sunny for us
today we said one day a rain went
actually yeah what day rain might
actually he was all a bit good one two
three four five I'm missing one doggy
who are we missing Theodore
it's Betty Oh in Tibet Pio she always
has to be last
quite deal its back to you yeah we're
just waiting in Theo's always last huh
all right who wants to save my friends
who wants to say bye things thanks for
being the very best of friends as always
as I was that admin huh thanks for being
the best of friends lads crush it again
with the Commons and the positivity plus
ting nailed it nailed it
they're amazing you're an amazing bunch
of people should remember that right oh
I just got an email my friends see you
tomorrow see my friends anybody any
takers
the a friends OC is tomorrow yeah
