come on you guys so I'm going to please
hello friends
Amelia decided she wanted to start the
vlog today a professional blogger what
are you hey you know yesterday or the
day before when was it I cookies I was
talking about the the car seat thing
well in the UK is different so the UK is
different to every other country I know
like a lot of people from like in
America they wear that chest thingy well
we don't have the chest in here in
detail all right we have a terrible shot
but um anyway that's not relevant what
I'm saying is that even Amelia reaches
the age of four years old or weighs 40
pounds she can move into a booster seat
amelia is almost age four
and she weighs twenty eight point six
which means that sounds one point for
her more sugar
no but Susie she's so when she's around
force it's gonna be the right at the
right weight to put her in a booster
seat that's really exciting
yeah we're already to seven I'll go in a
bit well you can just drive yourself
basically
yeah we like yeah exciting one of my
children would no longer be in a coffee
I'm nine five yeah I will be driving in
the car by myself yeah of course
obviously when I'm seven I'll be going
in a seatbelt yeah I know why don't we
deal with that kid he will do all that
to you do it first though that's your
job you have to go out into the world
and do everything first
okay nobody freaked out but there is a
sparrow just chillin in the car meter
there's a spiral chillin in the car we
got the spiral ready ready Oh boom oh I
think we got spiral for the million
billions time I don't think we're gonna
get him did we get him is he
I hope he's not gonna come back no we
got it look ooh little sparrow this
morning oh my goodness take it is let's
I hit 11 miles left 11 miles I just made
it though
let's see right 11 miles right I'm gonna
fill her up and let's hear me many extra
miles
I was no chicken supreme
okay let's see what we get for our 11
miles let's see we got eyes for CE o 250
for 250
that's gonna move again though I feel
like as I Drive that's going to change
but nice we are now we need a service ah
geez heading it to get a facial
Jonathan is still training looking to
his rap music
okay bye it looks like it's gonna rain
but it's not it's like it's just very
it's very cloudy today but I think it's
gonna heat up around noon with makeup on
your face step up step up you can do it
good job oh this is too hot everything's
too hot it's not as bad as yesterday no
I've lost my phone how much
Droon it telling me through it jeez oh
my goodness
that is the issue of having leather our
seats
this Alcantara is nice and doesn't
really get that hot but these seats we
should turn the heated seats on there
should be cold in the seats you know
like he got heated seats I look like
right here I have this heated seat
boiling match and I had like cold it's
eat like a Preston and I were like cool
my bum now be cool
well I'd rather get on that cool did
seat please anyway let's go let's go and
tomorrow - OH - the summer's day they're
all right we're at one of Amelia's
friend cases we went there after school
to play and the duardo came with me look
at their trampoline they wanted these
safety ones but it's that big trampoline
isn't it weird oh yeah let's go what get
your shoes mr. let's try and find them
let's try to find the girls yeah around
here somewhere
well this phone okay we've now ended up
in a bath of water and there's a sandpit
the girls are all inside huh
just you and me mister can you mix
patches whoa
I was a big splash white oh and look
we've ended up all the princesses of
commish he's in his element
he's got a princess guys there's a
ladybird Gaston is on the table guys
Gaston is on the table
Oh Gaston is heading towards that we
found a ladybird we're not allowed have
cookies guys okay no one wants to tell
mom that we had some cookies okay yeah
stupid leaves we also had a cookies we
are back home the kids are talking OMA
is all marae to come to surrender to
mind the kids for us so we can have a
good time do you want immediate you want
o matic omen mind you every day in
Sorrento my mom and daddy will stay in
Capri yeah surprise chief any Pokemon
inside these last few days who were we
have to collect the dogs manually I
think Anna said it yesterday it's like
it's just so hot that I held in Mali two
donkeys in the actual vans and for its
minimum time service in the car the
aircon so I can just hit them in the car
and spend less time in the fan so
highlights it's too damn hot
anyway blog just went alive when
watching it okay she watches oh because
it's the next day that's why that was so
much fun I was no immediate was so funny
and that was that was that was a while
ago but yeah cuz it's so funny cause
like they're like at the start of like a
friendship buzz you know and they're
like going to each other's houses she's
so excited about it it it's so cute like
they're the two of them
who's making all that noise is that it
Bianca Navy in that you can just keep
yanking school among in the boards are
you gonna like in see you later guys
or let's see you later see you in a few
minutes and we get home we're heading
out on date night cuz it's 8:00 now and
I can wait because for one I feel like
it's not raining it's not freezing cold
and I'm wearing a dress would you
I'm sorry which is totally strapless
I haven't waxed under my arms by the way
I apologize for looking like a gorilla
just don't look under my arms okay
my waxing girls on holiday this week so
that's why I need to wait until next
week right
what night I know but I need to wait to
get all my waxing done and I feel like
my skin is like breaking out I don't
know it just because it kind of does
that after facial and then gets better
again something like that I don't either
being a girl okay I haven't gotten too
complicated
I'm wearing a white blood okay and RAM
choice okay okay I will be my OECD's my
or T DS would be like five seconds long
my vlogs that you remember and you guys
remember back in surrender like two or
three years ago I did ot DS okay it's
getting very close but I used to do like
a funny thing
yeah we film euro a TV it was hilarious
you know actually they put in the press
or a few times the pressure was on yeah
I know that's what gets annoying about
it then it's like you have to like
perform it I'm doing I have to do it for
more and more more crazy yeah you had to
like you were like hiding behind trees
in your hearts translation bad okay guys
my media was tiny that and Eduardo
wasn't even in existence
that's crazy I'm I used to do her
outfits and I think it's killing having
like you know like a point in life or I
don't know what to do I don't have the
experiment saying but like every year at
that time we meet up yeah I know nothing
we meet up because it's either but meet
up and reassess our life yeah you know
and see where we're at in your 5-year
anniversary
no that's a fifth year would be the
Sorento but it's gonna be crazy got
leaves in Commons of suggestions we
should do for our five University or not
deal but like I don't know what you're
thinking we always do oh yeah yeah I'm
just gonna chill chill like deal
cute Lucas decided to come on our date
night with us a little piggy little
piggy
oh hi mr. oh no I'm gonna get in trouble
let's have it
stupid Pidgey dark cheese
oh all right we're good all right good
to go Oh little piggy stupid Pidgey
stupid oh no there's the poke ball in my
bread now hold on let me just give me a
book while back let's see if we can get
this guy boom
get out of my bread all right we can't
to billions so sweet potato fries I got
a chicken burger I got some pokemons and
I got a salad and some dinner fries as
well and then I got this flower hello
hello friends from inside here where's
your antonio it's a surprise it's an
equity surprise anyway tis the next day
right we finished dinner it was amazing
then we went for a drive and we looked
at loads and loads of houses because
that's what we tend to do on date night
we go for little drives but we kind of
found well I don't know
I don't know I'm gonna investigate it
over the next few days we may have found
a nice little diamond in the rough you
know I'm saying no I'm saying large
property look broken down and so for
that kind of drove into it by accident
first knows like oh goodness and I was
like oh goodness let me get in the car
and we held hands then we went home and
then we went to sleep and stuff was
about it anyway hope you enjoyed the
video presentation situation thank you
for being amazing seriously thank you
for being like the best friends ever
you know yeah ever since we had that
video when I decided to come back it's
been amazing and it's been really
positive and
to me a things in that and the
vlogbrothers came up with this concept
to try and get rid of like nasty
comments that if you see a nice comment
to just like leave a comment underneath
that nice comments are there for like
the call comment sections are like
populated but really nice comment so
look down below leave a nice comment and
if you read a nice comment leave I think
it's like leave a plus or something like
a comment about plus or some that just
to like popularize the good comments and
just ignore the by commas don't get you
on into arguments let's do that friends
anyway I gotta get out of here whoever
gets right out but you may not go anyway
we're in London all day today and lots
of friends got on a weird train tune in
tomorrow let's see this Martha for
watching have to sleep it out the flow
are going stepping out the door before
you see
