right media and I are going to swimming
ready in your class eyelid and I look
like Princess Anna today according to
Android oh you like this though
why do what you did not what you done
uh-oh all right I'll fix it my daddy
will fix it today we have something
exciting in media wow you're getting
your first cut how exciting is that
yes and it was getting one too because
he needs one too I need to trim a tiny
truth yeah and it click Elsa do not
think I look like um no you're a cow's
butt Anna's got to block mm thanks
should go in
yep okay let's go yeah press - one get
off this mall
but Omashu when would you know inca
nothing really well I'm so happy when
it's a number when I'm something
oh when I walk in this ocean
mr. man
okay morning or afternoon look at the
sweat look at the sweat beating off this
little fella
it's so hot wired oh isn't it do you
want to get your hair cut yeah oh my
goodness I gear pillow our dough you see
it's got little cars but seriously look
at the heat today ward oh this is going
to be Amelia's first haircut do you know
that you've had a haircut before you've
had one haircut before what you can't go
like that if I open the window I might
even get hotter oh my kids the window is
open Oh what is this weather huh okay
let's put some clothes on I don't even
know why let's get some clothes on
mister are you doing you're crazy done
immediate likes to do this dance when
the aerobics class is on
still sweltering hot usually it's hotter
in the pool and it is outside but in
this case is actually opposite to me so
we're going to go home have some lunch
and then go to the hairdresser's which
I'm so excited about but also a little
bit emotional about the same teeth yeah
I know big clunkers I bet uh who put
that there
Hardaway all right mister you ready
ready
I think weird it could be a model look
at that face I think where does the
sleep right now order you asleep
he's like ants or Marty I think he is
you do um you can get a some more diet
young age let's see your first kind of
notice that you have it he is look at
him looking oh I think he is like he's
melted away
is it tingle e sy don't have think'll 's
Amelia does not have a SM or leave
comments if you experience a some more
and it does not I do
guardo does mean it does not huh
ready ready hmm hi boys so are you
excited for your haircut Oh gonna be
your first haircut your first haircut
he's hair he's gonna have a laser hair
do you want do you want Eduardo's hair
don't get your hair like Eduardo's deal
or do you want it like daddy's yeah what
you want it like what are we what's that
I mean yes trunk me what Emilia shrunk
you all right guys let's go let's go to
the hairdresser
ah alright folks are we ready
oh my goodness hey Mike you guys ready
for this okay
don't mind him we're not open it is open
it's a pan roof you have buttons don't
you yeah but only on one side finally
had this one
only not this one what does this one do
oh that close that ain't this sweet oh
oh oh maybe is Curtis Warren I got your
sunroof though I would there be a glass
roof but not
I'll have a look for it later going to
get a haircut a haircut going to get a
haircut for Amelia and Eduardo jewel
hair cottages the media is getting her
first movie and I think I've mentioned
the haircut Jonathan like 50 times over
yeah I've literally been talking about
it all day
hey guys cuz you know kids get a haircut
getting a haircut today in case you
didn't know your first oh you do not 400
years are you going to ask for a
Rapunzel special
she's just happy about getting a biscuit
his last time Eduardo got his done he
got the most out of his skin so that's
why that was the bribery and it worked I
didn't even have to bribe her at all she
was just like yeah got a biscuit she
remembers when I was a kid my
grandparents used to live across the
road from us so every day myself my
brother we'd come home from school or
swimming or whatever it was we'd always
go over to Grandma's house because she'd
always be always called let's get a
biscuit across the road so she would
give us like a like a custard cream to
help us cross the road to get back home
just one
yeah she's like where does enough not
like a Packers know what kissing me like
back in the day like there was no
puddings or treats or anything like I
think a portion is like three whoa okay
before I'll go back and try and complain
life and crushing it no more than five
no what if I played out one and I was
happy all right mister are we ready for
our haircut and let's run ahead there
the media cuz they're a few minutes late
mm-hmm
they're gonna little shadows uh-huh all
right here we go nippers super time give
up give a familia
I mean it do have one in a pink because
I noticed when I cut his hair for a
stick on thicker yeah it does yeah so I
just take this out so good oh so you
don't want a fringe or do you you
already know I think she said you want
to Rapunzel hair that's possible or an
ANA nails or something okay they would
get mad she's foreign
how old do you mean yeah yeah
three and a half it is amelia luck your
first air
that's baby Amelia's hair huh now your
big girl Amelia all right well done you
can look up for me now there's a Pidgey
in here getting my hair cut as well
you're pg on your head I won't go into
your head it's dawn Amelia your first
haircut yeah do you like it does it
smell nice no it's curly at the back gee
that'll make you grow better then really
you're picking it up yeah yeah waiting a
long time for her hair all right mister
what kind of haircut do you want did you
want to look like ternovec Ben elf Bob
the Builder not too sure what yeah I
love these little curls yeah do it
especially this humidity it just like
explodes
ya know do you know what it cut right
round me because I obviously title the
curls off all right the real reason you
came here yeah the only reason you
actually came can you say thank you Oh
chocolate ones where do you go you got a
half-eaten one nothing less hair in a
biscuit all the heat oh my goodness
that's it haircuts have been completed
biscuits have been given what else do we
need they had am they had amazing air
conditioning on in there it was like so
cool and chilled I forgotten what that
slider like oh my goodness oh my god so
I think it might be hotter than sorrento
today
yeah like or else the same oh I'll just
say maybe it's like 34 it's so hot it's
unproductively hot but hey I kind of
Pokemon when I was in there so it wasn't
what it wasn't all bad
all right a new pop mister I wonder
could I actually like like get in here
clap should mine come in here I just
need it to just close the door uh-oh
no just came to collect the doggies
because huh
it's just it saves them having more time
in design
like Helen son so I just came to like
them and
I'm glassing the aircon days the hottest
day of year so you have to be really
careful with dogs in heat because they
can over I'm making hidden
so as much time that we limit of them
being
the better offense a good pool to here
with me
and then we'll head home guys okay hi hi
hi who are you I love you bye I love you
back
I love you like how are you right I love
it
bye I love you bye I love you bye
I love you bye I love you everyday I
bye boy what you are a little blogger
are you into blogger or I love you I
love your haircut okay looks so like a
little boy isn't he watch YouTube vlog
you do blood
what are you doing Amelia Thomas Nina
she's fashioning knickers through a
melon
stomach stomach well I'm ready to say
never no good you know a good either
better guys we have a problem with our
with our situation here okay so did you
guys see oh thank you thank you Oh we'll
be able to snapchat when I had that okay
look do I see underneath here look at
your mega balls oh my godness it just
never ends the kids to be knocking them
all outside the thing so guys we have an
operation operation we need to get all
the balls back into the trampoline I
said can you tick that's it I'm gonna
Pokemon you I'm gonna Pokemon you oh
you're a level seven I need I need to
feed you I need to feed you some
raspberries have a raspberry now I try
poke ball at you what who has my phone
right oh yeah Amelia has my phone can
you get it for me get it for me wardo
Oh No why no what are we gonna do what
are we gonna do Amelia Amelia Amelia
meter will tear anything give water the
phone you find the phone be the hero be
the hero
be the hero that he wants you to be I
can be your hero baby I can wash away
your pain I will stand by you forever
I give me yeah here tonight we are
bowing down hey do you like being care
who's that P did you give tio Gordo
why don't really likes other doggies you
like seeing it did you give Cena Caro
give Cena could all the dogs they're
being naughty wardo tell the dog is not
to be naughty
you tell them look at the little Roy did
you tell them go boy did you say shush
who was making who was barking fan
Geneseo ice cream ice cream I love your
hair today they're pretty cute let's go
let's go in in structure lava all right
you know the heat as I walked in it got
hotter
I got hotter as the inside ago oh this
is why are you ready for bed
inspect guys come on it's bed are we
upgraded and Dougie's you're sweet now
they have to they cheered them okay it's
bad everybody
no none of that please it is look at his
newbies newbies you're getting your
treat alright calm yourselves
alright bye friends save my friends
everybody laugh true red
you
you
