hello friends welcome to Monday morning
we're doing the school right you can't
sit next to Daddy daddy is it up there
that needs the driver you're the you're
the passenger I'm your show fair I will
show you the care he wants didn't mommy
sit up there I'll tell you what daddy
will buy like a little roadster car
right like a two-seater kind of like
cool little sports car right and Dan I
can put your seat in the front I can
drive me to school every morning with
the route down we do that is that a good
plan leave me comments of encouragement
have actually bought a car in a while if
you're new to these shows okay roof will
open yeah let's do it won't be a family
and you definitely not be a family car
huh I love looking at me this dress that
you picked this morning very summery
isn't it you make it a love heart your
hands
otay lip hurt
all right it's good it's good we
finished all right let's wake you up
crazy because they want so you like Alby
because he's a boy yeah
if you daddy's Oh seen as The Mummy yeah
that's very clever that you know that
there's that that's Nevada here's that
one in the kit in the crate naughty
dan√ßa it is literally too hot for life
today wardo it's too hot
please peace out what up in hop in
mister your blue sea okay so we are
heading with mister master Eduardo
sakuni Jolie - his what - his health
checkup you're gonna get a health
check-up mister no you guys remember
when we did that I'm testing a while ago
I blew that snow
during we did that an assessment thing
but we have to submit the results today
and undo this thing yeah the age asq
thing 27 month questionnaire and then I
think he's getting like a health
check-up or something and it's coming to
you they're just checking to make sure
mom has a lot oh yeah that's good
yeah okay we may melt because it's the
hardest day in the world today like this
literally everything is too hot I can
paint this to heart I can plainly see
clothes I'm not complaining this is
preparation for Sorento Oh dope where
are we going at where I know you know
we're going to the doctor's Stephanie
grant
we're going in for a checkup mommy and
daddy okay I can't
playground yeah I know you want to go to
the playground I was like a force and
purposes let's turn off the aircon and
close the windows and we almost join we
go mister this is your moment most
important thing to do when you're two
you got to pass the test have you have
you practiced wardo have you trained
have you been training have you been
studying I think so I can't remember
fully well yeah let's go in here because
it was part like daycare or something
remember how you penguin what am i
friends he always makes friends with
pins is that a Pokemon right it's a
penguin why no you gotta you gotta feel
something more no you have to build a
time machine that's part of the that's
part of the questionnaire
test number two Eduardo you have to be
able to make mommy and daddy dinner okay
so this is spaghetti bolognaise okay
it's really important are you gonna be
able to make mommy and any dinner oh
sorry okay Oh tonight am I getting a
knife and fork
yeah oh and a knife oh look this one's
called healthier faster future brothers
or sisters
all right here a cupcake oh my goodness
look at this Dumanis sugar that's in
some of this stuff oh my goodness guys
that's crazy isn't it so we are home and
Amelia got a nails painted today Wow oh
do you have an appointment at the nail
salon hello do you remember when you
were a baby in Sorrento and you got your
nails painted and your feet painted
please remember that you didn't get your
hair painted no you did not get your
hair maybe this year in Sorrento you can
go back to that cell phone again and you
can say bonjour no I would like the same
again please
and then why don't you get his painting
as well yeah pink pink he does like pink
I think he likes blue doh
Oh Pink's gonna be a window did you have
fun in school today
did you yeah anything for having any
drama you trying to build her so windy
above the build at your school they've
had scaffolding inside the fender yes we
can can we fix it Bob the Builder
so media's recently got into Bob the
Builder it's a new favorite thing hmm as
having some salon I'm having a bagel a
bacon dishes time with some beef very
hutch great hot to trot ready ready
sorry ice very hot indeed all right
first thing we do is put the beef on
how'd you get more of that chili jam
stuff yeah adds a bit of beef no no no
no no no one must place all the beef on
first then oh oh geez so I'll kick it
off now and add the cheese cheese please
that's right
hey dr. kitty care what Skippy care okay
bringing the last of the post office
stuff and from the media's back like
their clothes and stuff to the post
office send them off I'm literally
sweating like oh I just stuck to my feet
okay so we're going to go to Cafe Nero
because I look so hot and I want to go
drink your coffee
that's right why are we gonna go down
cafe
we can go come on
let's kill yeah we're gonna get a cold
drink
and maybe something nice don't you think
why would you like an ice cream okay it
is really hot today Mia in here in here
in here quick
grown-up three which one's Mike them she
went to sleep put the chocolate in it do
you want some too
okay let's get two of those then yeah
okay we're gonna head home now but check
out the kids they've got their are you
finished Amelia a good girl you want
another one anyway we're gonna try and
just head back pretty quick before the
ice creams all melt all over their faces
guys my head is melted you trying to see
you go watch yourself eat okay that's
not why it's melted oh this house thing
you know I'm looking for it's like I
really want to get a property right and
old sort of Victorian period property
something like we'll return it and I
want to redevelop it but it's so hard to
find it when that's in like I can't if I
spent if like I've spent too much money
buying the actual property in its
current form I won't have enough fast I
won't have enough left to develop the
property which you eat up so it's like
trying to find you're trying to buy
something at the right price that gives
you enough money left to pretty much
rebuild a house that you want it but
it's such like we've been looking for
months but hey daddy no hit daddy hey
eat this up eat this up come on last
fight last bite last bite all right
daddy's gonna have it whenever you do
wardo don't eat this don't
whydo don't eat it I said don't eat it
no word oh then you guys have a
Victorian period property and you're
interested in selling it let me know hit
me on Twitter we can work something out
guys but like it's so difficult
I don't wanna kind of like I like the
kids are are in a school as well so like
that's locked
we now have were
attached to a community now so I need to
stay within reach of that you know I'm
so complicated it's so hard but it's
frustrating me so much because another
really good one came in and I was
standing there going on today and I was
looking at and it was all looking really
good but then there's a problem with
planning and then there don't know it's
all kicking off
okay so I've seen two videos on YouTube
with a bath bombs in it in too bad so
I'm not gonna do it now but I'm doing a
friendly it's friend video where I'm
gonna just trow all of these in I think
this I ordered about a hundred of them
so this is the first box that came but I
think it should be a good video but
we've been testing them out so we're
gonna go a meeting once you want the
chocolate one Amelia
all right chocolate when it is put it
keep it I for that one on their friend
his friend channel the backbone trailer
all right I got the chocolate one first
thing we gotta do is we got to open this
bad back bad boy bad but I'm up bet bet
bet bet and then you know what to openes
nope I didn't know to open a minor is it
a piece of poop yeah the chocolate is it
gonna turn to water chocolatey oh who
wants that chocolate back yeah okay old
daddy daddy is I can't open this guys
there see oh oh oh okay seriously what
is this thing what is this made out of
it might be made out of chocolate but it
may eat a bath bomb challenge tastes
salty in the soul free okay ready
watch the Brandis friend channel soon no
we're gonna do a backbone challenge
alright I mean you can put it on
wowsers waters
you
