oh good morning friends this morning we
are doing some wrestling moves with
Eduardo here yeah are you gonna try
daddy now are you gonna try daddy now
are you okay why don't you have to train
because if you see a Pokemon I see a
Pokemon I got a troll wider ladders
there's a Pokemon sampan yeah yeah look
where two Pokemon see some people need
pokeballs I don't need a Pokemon like oh
is Pokemon - do you want to be Pokemon
oh you want to be you want to Pokemon me
okay I'm a Pokemon pepper pepper pepper
pepper pepper
nobody is ever going to be able to catch
me I shall say little poke oh my
goodness
it's a - trainer this would be a gym oh
I have a stinky foot daddies don't have
stinky foot either let me show you let
me show you
Oh kiss it kiss it kiss my foot yeah
kiss my foot what okay we are out we've
got some intense just lucky egg what
yeah we're gonna get a media now we're
on the hunt
Media may get lost here you should be
careful the media wants to go into this
long grass you see the trail over here
there's a little trail here let's follow
the trail guys let's have a running race
go
that's one way o
coentr√£o flea play whoa whoa - so many
trails which trail are we taking oh I
guess we're going this way
what's the wise wood
well the wild is when the pokemons are
just out and about having fun so we need
to go there might be some over by the
windmill guys that's the plan which
mines him in a wild is that how you have
to sneak up on him no you have to sneak
up on them
Jack be quick all right we made it to
the windmill guys all right let's see
all right let's see what we get see we
got we got a couple of balls a few fixie
things we got an egg score I was it good
that was a good I don't think so and
this is a Pokemon in there oh there is
is one right here guys when I stay the
fauces forever we're lost in the forest
forever started with a Pokemon hunt been
out here this is day 746 in our trial
like imagine our betting people have
been marks Lander which again it goes
right back home without a warrant I know
it's not looking good dollars I use the
essence and the egg this isn't a
populated area so come on popular isn't
good work because where we live is like
the worst area ah
whenever my mates I live in on central
London like they're so lucky I'll try
and catch the leaves from there like
thinking you're sitting there sitting
room and it can like catch pokemons
himself it's amazing what leaves
so I just want to show you guys what
happens when dads say to mom I'm going
to watch the kids so that you can get
ready it's never worth it and I will
show you exactly why so come down TV is
on no one's watching it hate that pet
peeve of mine 110 percent lip glosses
and dress-up clothes and toys all over
the floor
Oh front door is open and let's see
what's happening outside okay
flowers are snipped off why are you
wearing your trainers we're training
okay you know the TV was on right
there's a big mess all the way yeah Wow
take a sip of my single person I make
I got the recipe
RUP nothing
I can't see anything boy well it's a
couple of folks tops with Andy no we're
not we're not we are no it is gonna be a
quick poke stop
all right there's four other poke stops
nearby
yeah we're not I was out on my walk last
night I support with the dogs and I
passed this grown man and his daughter
who was like 13 14 something like that
I'll still be doing Adam he was on his
phone and I was like are you hunting for
Pokemon he was like so we are off half
Italian to ask for some Italian this is
the girl team team girlies team boys hmm
I was trying to I picked up a couple of
pokies as well it was good I got some
good I got it I almost got a new guy and
then it's being crashed it's the worst
buzz you're gonna get a new one you know
I go oh he told an egg and he get him
and like I got anything crashes oh we're
running it was the worst buzz Evers yeah
I'm so close to level 9 that's my goal
for today
I might when we get to the restaurant
here it's on the high street I was
thinking of that showing an essence
thing and see if I can lure them into
the restaurant huh
oh you're officially good at it take to
the waiter came over
go into the garden over there there's by
Pokemon and five pokemons this morning
so hot
I might just might describe to the
garden for a second cigar let's go over
there guys okay and I don't move but
there's a little rat on the table he's
jumping up and down don't be alarmed
I'll take care of him for you okay come
on don't crash don't crash no it crashed
no oh yeah that's so unfair oh man
stupid game for lunch
we got pasta for me with coke jeans
chicken and broccoli pasta from the kid
at last let me hide my chips with this
thing here I think it's like you have
spinach or kale or something you sure
like cereal ash so for lunch today and I
had a drowsy there's a drowsy in your
lunch oh he's dropping Eddie he's
dropping on your plate he's jumping out
of your plate except for pudding Eduardo
is going to have a sparrow why are you
having a spiral for pudding yeah
a chocolate spiral can you put the
sprinkles on your pizza sprinkles and
army did you stop good job do you think
the guys won pizza
well done you to see this because that's
what you're supposed to do you guys are
crazy
if we put them back in so wide waters
asleep
Jonathan's just gone out with the media
and Captain Pokemon are second I'm
thinking about from this video and I'm
like I don't really know if I want to I
do want to film it I do want to film it
like really badly but at the same time
I'm really nervous about it I'm like
like my heart's like racing
I thought of filming it because I just
grabbed the camera and I just kind of
like made that decision that yes I'm
going to film it today um I'm just
simply pick my mom sends me like 20
pictures all in one and she sent me some
pictures of like my family and stuff
random anyway sorry um okay so I'm just
really nervous because it's quite a
personal video and if you're watching
this on Monday it probably hasn't gone
up yet but I'm going to set it to upload
if I go through with it and everything
if not I'll have Johnson delete this
clip but if I do go through with it I
will upload it on Monday probably like
at 7 p.m. so like an hour after this
goes live but I'm like literally so
nervous like I don't I do won't want to
do it so bad but I'm just scared and
like it's so personal I'm just scared
but I feel like it would probably do a
lot of good to a lot of people because I
know a lot of people also have like
similar issues or go through the same
thing I don't know it's just oh I don't
like even say minute lag because it's
just make they're real or something I
don't know anyway I'll let you guys know
if I actually goes hello friends
we have come to a lake try and find some
lake Pokemon because I have all the sort
of like country pokemons and stuff
because I live a little bit at
country-ish we've come down here there's
a big lake where I go where I am I boats
and stuff I'm really here with me yeah
no we're not we're not talking we're
homeless
we're talking about loading gum actually
find some pokemons in the lake lake come
on whoa this place is never this full
maybe everybody else is the same idea as
me come down here and find the pokies
the hokey-pokey 's know no one issues go
this way me now we'll find our
hokey-pokey
we may have to take a boat Amelia head
out in the middle of the lake to try and
actually find some of these pokemons
also change my clothes by the way
because it's too hot while we might have
to take this guy out into the middle of
the lake wondering does that work but
it's probably an airplane come on let's
go down here it is someone else is one
it's not my lord my ones at the back
over there
my ones got snails on I remember yeah
well first come on this way first let's
head down over here we're gonna see if
we can find anything guys you need to
watch on this video on this dollar or
Ana Saucony this is called now it's very
emotional how is it
it's very emotional she's editing it now
I think it'll ask if you talked about
the fact that you might film it and then
she did film it and then I do everyone's
crying I think it I think it first thing
for some people they won't see a common
they won't know you know to me I don't
tell you what it is you should go and
watch the video but I think for some
people like oh my goodness but I think
it's really important you know sometimes
sometimes I think it's important to say
your flaws allowed to tell other people
because there's so many other people
that are probably feeling the same way
you are and they look up to you and then
they see that oh wait like my idol or my
person I look up see like my role model
is is flawed because everybody's flawed
Jeremy and I'm a bundle of problems and
as important problems just cuz just as
you might look at these videos and think
everything's great we've left children
in the garden see we're terrible parent
is this even one of the screen okay here
oh yeah you guys check out video and
what I learned is that below when's it
coming out yes
today's one tonight isn't it oh it's in
an hour okay yes oh it's in an hour so I
leave a link down below what you guys
should definitely watch it look at this
fly hunter there's a bar for doing it I
know like yeah we youth you bloody
fumigate I committed this kitchen
sometimes I can't even breathe back at
sigh thank you
no filler I feel terrible then this like
it's horrible yeah imagine in some like
opposite polar version of life there's
like the Flies have like human killer
and I goddamn humans you know Jimmy that
book when they're dead geese move into
the house I was holding it for ya I
don't know guys notice these hunters
right and they go outside and then the
geese or the birds turn to go inside
into the house and lock them out and
then they become a role reversal do you
not know what I thought so many almost
never ever oh well I know I think I was
trying to say how whenever read Animal
Farm in school we read the follow on to
that which is this one
Oh what you want to watch a war you put
it in the DVD player look at this it is
independent okay guys okay close it in I
will put it on for you
yeah
very where pokemon going to catch them
all gotta catch them all
gotta catch them all all right into the
gym Amelia now you have to fight for me
in this gym okay I'm gonna leave you
here and people will come by and start
bite at you
