hello mrs. we are trying to do a little
bit of Pokemon hunting before school
today this one there's one just outside
of Eagle school there is somewhere I can
see it rustling we need to find enemy
near the for school okay we have a few
more minutes playing a game
what are you playing on the sofa yeah
you want me to be Queen Elsa
I like your bracelet it's very sparkly
whoa you've got Belle's dress on Wow oh
I like your purple shoes and your hair
beautiful okay thank you okay
thank you after the split okay I need to
my workout now Eduardo right
I love you are you trying to put her in
my boobies
Wayne in the school run okay yeah seven
hope stop my keys right so what happened
I got like so many Pokemon there's one
like right in the median school so the
two of us rated at lobby just here so
and then I stuffed it with like to go
into a train station oh my god
got loose is not here to motivate me so
that makes it even tougher because at
least with these tough ones when she's
here she makes me more motivated like
she keeps me going when she's not here
like oh but I never cheat I always do
them like on the days that I meant to or
mostly anyway at least if I if I can and
I don't cheat like I don't do like I
don't not do any do certain exercises
because I don't like them I just find it
more difficult here's my split body
outfit I like these trainers actually I
don't wear them enough but I really like
them they're great my outfits are
matching today okay we found a drowsy
we found a drowsy wired oh really oh
cool okay let's see what else you've got
her in here see if you got in here
that's me that's me what's this thing
over here 100 is the gym we can't go
there yes yeah I'm the little guy huh
we are we are determined to level up to
rank 5 so I can go and actually
what yeah the wonderful you want to go
to wonderful
alright I guess we're going over to
waterfall wonderful my excuse so I can
go around watch a big one do you want to
see the big one which one you want to go
do you want to go to the little water
one first so these are the international
packages of Amelia's clubs that are
going there today and these are the UK
ones thankfully there's more for the UK
and for international because I think
this is probably going to get expensive
it's so cool to see where things are
going to and like the fact that I mean
is Ralph Lauren dress it's going to
somebody in Texas it's just so cool to
me and hopefully you guys will send me
pictures of your kids or nieces or
nephews or whoever wearing their clothes
I do not be so cool you want me to go on
that one I won't fit in that one you
want to go in that way alright I found a
ghastly lads but it's broken the servers
have crashed which is really upsetting
because I can't get them just hiding it
and then I need to send out all of the
stuff post all the items but I'm kind of
nervous because I think the post office
is gonna hate me I think gonna get
somebody to help me with it because I
don't think I can do it all by myself I
don't think I can carry everything by
myself but you know oh and I'm wearing a
new kimono what do you guys think it's
from Ralph Lauren denim and supply I
really like that friend it's kind of
like bohemian
ish
okay guys so I'm back from the post
office and that was quite eye-opening I
spent ninety nine ninety pounds on the
UK packages and I spent seventy seven
sixty on the international ones so total
profit but I have made from this
business just for you guys that are like
hating on me saying that I shouldn't be
making money off of my viewers or
whatever let me show you exactly how
much I've made from this there we go six
pounds eleven could buy myself an ice
cream with that so there you go that is
how much I've made
Amelia's back from school you want perky
lays on how was school though have you
got any drama to tell us I know I like
it yeah did you give each other hugs and
kisses yeah
I told her she can come to your party
Gemma and Eliza no no no Jemima Jemima
Eliza Bobbi yeah no nobody my friend but
oh come on little I saw my best friend
she better come to my party what about
Valentina so he's coming to the party
awareness going to my party
so the politics the politics politics
lots of the three-year-olds is quite
question intense he's coming to the
party and he's not coming to party I
think we're doing I'm like a princess
party thing this year for me Leah's
birthday this year we were actually
gonna go to Sorrento for quite a long
time but we have to actually cut our
holiday short because the meetings going
to school school Mann School gets you
keeps getting you every time you think
I'm done with school man then it gets
you again anyway when we look for a
couple of Pokemon on the way home guys
I'm gonna blow Pokemon lunch let's do it
but don't tell Mom okay so I made a clip
where she said that she made six pounds
okay so we've just done the math here
and it turns out we forgot about the
fact that we bought all the envelopes so
it actually turns out that we're making
a loss now six pounds wasn't it no 505
pounds there's - can you imagine giving
charity here's - five minutes - five
fans so it's costing you five pence to
ship - so that so just in case you're
wondering Ana had to increase the price
of shipping slightly we're not trying to
make money off this I think it's just
like covering the cause you can just
cover to call it guys can is so fast big
girls can sit on a sofa guys let's do a
Q&A will we yeah okay let's talk what
are we talking about you wanna hug that
Pokemon
okay we'll do a Pokemon Q&A all right
okay tell me what is your favorite a
pink and purple one do you want a truth
or dare ah
I dare I dare you to call daddy's ear
okay why don't shoot or dare truth or
dare
a truth okay Eduardo
who's your favorite sister
Oh burn burn bobble yes do you John oh I
dare have to dare me to do something
pull your eyelids yeah you definitely to
do it you definitely to do it me to do
it well I was not exactly how I imagined
anyway let's go and have a bath
all right take ignite to your friends
because daddy's gonna put you in the bat
and then daddy's gonna go to Pokemon
it's me again the guy he walks her in a
million times trying to catch pokemon
well I kind of did catch one I've been
walking around the High Street open-end
they're all around populated areas
that's the key lads get to the populated
areas
I was driving her and I got loads I've
actually I've gone for number five now
prior to myself
that thing up there is one of those
pokey stop things oh oh I think I got it
this is my new evening activity now it
used to be like playing the PlayStation
sitting down now it's like actively
running around I'm gonna get like
camping gear and go out or like in
foraging I think it gets more fun the
more you do it because then you're
trying to find more and more rare
Pokemon and stuff like that ready to
start you just like getting any Pokemon
now beat select blood oh no no no no
I've got that one already
that's like it this fella here just
chillin real dumb oh one shot I know
don't him it's frozen uh uh see just
happens all the time
why did something wrong like you saw
what happened lucky and now it's like if
I close it and reopen it still I hate
when that happens
guys I got a new one looking Eevee to
kick cute his oh my goodness is this a
good one let me know in the comments
below
look at this one he's so cute oh
Jigglypuff oh it was the worst throw
ever okay all i need's take this
seriously but he's so cute
oh my goodness look at this Pokemon I
want to catch that one
right I better go home before Adam
murders me I'm just gonna have for a
minute I got one guy though he had 186
CP thing so that was pretty good
anyway I'm really sorry if it's really
annoying you oh I just find this Pokemon
thing to me is like I don't know
anything about Pokemon but I love a good
treasure hunt and this is this is like
the most amazing immersive reality game
like I have to leave the house and go on
a treasure hunt and it's bringing me to
parts of my town which I've never really
been and I keep meeting other people and
stuff without like it's just so much fun
so I might I hope it doesn't annoy you
I hope you guys do you mind if I
continue kind of like flocking some of
my journey is that okay with you guys
all right would you hate me is everyone
gonna unsubscribe
mine says don't subscribe come on man
geez I got kids to feed
oh here it is away from upstairs what's
going on here what are you doing what
are you doing
did you make a picnic what looks like
you've made a picnic here huh you were
supposed to embed how was it go and I
got a special Pokemon a really special
one boy it was like CP something he was
really cute let's go and get back to it
wardo and you mrs. bring all those toys
in sighs you're supposed to be in bed
what's this little fella up to what are
you doing
what are you doing huh
hey boy what's going on here dance this
one's ready revolt Oh you into your room
it struck the lava but it's now B Donna
