good morning friends good morning a
let's see our friendly
hello
it's Friday morning over school we just
let some pets did you get that mm-hmm
I'll let a lockable cuckoo
bow-chicka-bow-bow yeah yeah oh my god
is like I put it with ahaha it
actually fit me Eduardo Peco look just
put it there you go
let's go monkey moodle's you're dougie
you don't use Mike hot dogs
it's Friday so it's trimming and
everything else
Eugene put that magazine back Friday
morning schools before Randy but you
gotta go with your gun to know things
about the world which will help you
except for a trigonometry because you'll
never use it in real life
did you maybe you will maybe if you go
on to do a job but you know what I have
never taught you know we're gonna nail
I'm just gonna do a long-form equation
to solve that problem you know I'm gonna
make this X and this Y and then we're
gonna we're gonna do a full equation to
figure I have you ever know unless
you're like I don't know what science
person or something like that anyway
what rusty just don't man run run run
run run run run so today after the
school run we were heading to see that
other house which I'm pretty excited
about Alto we thought yes it was gonna
be the one maybe today guys positive
vibes maybe today is one and then it's
an INT wardo has ended Wardian period
had so it could be cool could be cool to
living in Eduardo Hess oh my goodness
think of the mud can you step over it
mister well look at the chocolate mud
Oh me hundies ready big jump oh good man
oh my goodness it rained in our area of
England for the last like three days
non-stop and the whole place is just
like so muddy good doesn't seem to
bother them though so we just passed a
pheasant guys it was like the coolest
thing ever and I grew up around
pheasants like we used to always well I
never really saw peasants no we used to
hear them in our backyard are like Bach
behind our back garden all the time yeah
they make it like we know the cork in
come take our homes apart every
pheasants in the garden no I used to
hear them like cuz they do just like
weird like no it's like coughing sound
no is like a weird like I can't actually
remember but I can in my head I don't
know I can't make the sound because I'm
not a pheasant
but like but a pheasant plucker I'm a
pheasant plucker son I need to like just
google it
so I caught one once and it was really
sad but we didn't do anything
so we're going to see another house this
is the one today is the day guys thank
you Jonathan
I was watching back the flog and you
were like we could like just don't
believe anything Jonathan says basically
because like you're just full of like
what ridiculous things like you just say
ridiculous stuff Jonathan's like we
could be moved in two weeks I'm like
that's not gonna happen
we're like no we're not gonna be moved
no we're gonna you've been saying that
for ages and then it just gets people
excited and then you're wrong just don't
say those things you're like the worst
like my other bad you know I could be in
for my birthday yeah like you just say
just don't ever believe it's not that
you're lying you're just like yeah but
then you just ruin it I would never do
that I would never like count all my
eggs until they've hatched you know but
Jonathan is just like crap
no that is not the attitude at all it's
just like have a little restraint oh
look this is a little church where we
here yesterday yeah
that voter immediately here it is yeah
we are
I mean yeah
oh now we're gonna play great yes now
we're me to parties right here
not a house is nice when I say parties I
mean children's school I think ya know
cuz there's scholars at the back - I was
right doing those I love Perry it has
this so nice yeah anything today you
have a nice lunchtime you have a nice
lunchtime
yeah yeah yeah you are
oh don't grab my finger don't grab my
finger right where's the house oh no
it's not here alright so we've come by
we've left there ages ago we're back
home we're heading off to a meeting but
um yeah the house was really nice there
of course there's always like there's
always a problem there's always
something you have to contend with what
do you think it's nice like it has
potential you know she asked the thing
that's why I like you know I've had I've
had more girl relationships in you
because I like I kind of went out like
Willy growl me yeah okay you know you'd
be like no thanks no I'd be like yeah
maybe she has maybe the raishin shivers
potential you know I mean I could do an
extension here I could renovate her
anyway we're meeting the bride easy a
lot thank you
we're going to see another house
and I'm not really feeling it I'm just
like sick of seeing I feel like sick of
seeing houses that I just don't really
like and like I accept a house will need
a certain amount of work but I feel like
we've been going to see really this is
like the conversation that we were
having yesterday just like you think
that it's a lot of money it's not in the
area that we're living and that's just
like frustrating because you just want
it to just be done mmm
they're just gonna see a finished house
imagination oh yeah I am using my
imagination but then when there's things
like a road that I don't like or like a
motorway or a flight path or something
that you can't change no but it wouldn't
something that you can't change
that's like around the house that's
where I'm just like as soon as I sat for
and I see that Adams like no and I've
already checked out of the whole
experience
I'm like I don't go I don't want to see
this ass anymore there's always there's
always gonna be a compromise no I know I
get that and I don't mind putting work
into a house
exactly and I don't see any potentially
action
I mean I might be pleasantly surprised
but I'm not being negative if you can
lower your expectations
ah you kid no no no but if you lower
your expectations sometimes you are
pleasantly surprised that's fine
but as we're going along they get lower
because you get more and more fed
probably the views this is a good one
could this be that one who knows who
knows yeah Amelia's fact I can kind of
see her beautiful on the inside period
property last one thoughts
Maisie has I really liked the house
actually I thought the house was really
really pretty and a lot of work I mean I
didn't like the color of the house
that's gonna sound really weird I didn't
like the color by light the period and
the
the high ceilings the big open bay the
windows were really nice yeah
and know it's different one that one's
gone
somebody else bought well because there
were some problems with that this has
the media I'm gonna check out a
different house and see if this one is
nice and said okay you can be in charge
maybe you can tell us afterwards because
we're done making decisions yeah it's
time for someone else to step in and buy
us a house yeah okay so this is a
haunted house yeah okay hey how do you
feel about a haunted house him in here
you feel good better haunted eyes
wouldn't you want to live in a haunted
house yeah this is gonna be your bedroom
it's the end of tonight as we know it
and Google E is here is this Google a
Eduardo yeah yeah today she is my baby
girl my firstborn baby girl you're my
firstborn baby boy that's my first born
baby googly yeah so Amelia how was your
day at school today what was your
favorite part of school today we were
doing game five a day
mm-hmm what's five a day and when we
company someone on the screen and they
make it exercise only from daytime right
it makes it to me
hey do you want to tell them what you
learned today about numbers
even numbers are numbers right so we're
gonna do a test are you ready
700 it yeah well good I know here's a
really hard one 10 and even for an even
yeah you really put Amelia well done
Edward lets you know that odd numbers
and even numbers yes even evil numbers
are the numbers how do you know it's an
odd one an even one what's the trick
what's the trick how do you know the
difference the odd one have a spare one
at the top
oh my googly googly googly Eduardo do
you know what five is the in Delaware 11
is and I never
what's that Evan Evan is what 11 if two
ones three definitely all right let's
put you munchkins to bed cuz it's a
Friday night and you want to get a
fright this is it go to bed so we can be
alone and they can I say goodnight
goodnight he's not know
