friends and welcome to with this in here
basically I think it's Wednesday did you
did you get so much bigger probably
because you got didn't go to bed last
night video yeah and you could sneak
downstairs all the time last night yeah
my fans vote they're not going to let me
know did he get upset
no sorry wired oh I'll be back in a few
minutes though okay oh all aboard
the school bus is jumping and
everybody's pomp in New York to San
Francisco
the dedication who remembers the bangle
bus oh oh dramatics what's gotten bright
lights it's bright and I almost got a
fright
all right let's go little furry friends
well done you've been amazing as always
can't Pat yourselves on the back because
you've been amazing and it is up for the
vlog in lad how many clips did we get
yesterday anyway not on our Fitbit I'm
gonna get fitter for the bit so not that
Anna's getting her own camera lads oh
this is cameras used by than that right
these days look at cm the g7x this is
your g7x right now you are a g5 you are
a g5 for a while the lens of the g5 it's
the same lens in the g7 x mark - it's
basically a smaller version of this but
the exact same quality so there's no
need to use the g5 not to be confused
with this this is the g7 X Mark one the
ones were using as a g7 X Mark - this is
the last camera Anahata member has the
village interesting on it it's getting
hard core I'll hope you're enjoying the
episodes that feeling like old school
anyway there she is
we're a full team all do
took me an hour to get to figure it not
to get dressed to figure out what I'm
gonna wear
it's always that print that takes me
longer than the actual getting dressed
boy oh you're naked
I thought you were naked enough ladies
take it in you see the ratings of
skyrocketing right now just because I
did on his workouts Lucy just gotten
bigger and I get ready to put on just
like fucking credit from hook you know I
had seen what he puts it yeah let's
close it rip off you know all these free
clothes that we got a VidCon from Calvin
Klein yes good oh yeah I thought you're
gonna say the other ones that are really
long
no no I'm not worried yeah but all doing
like three basics mm-hmm I like Calvin
Klein for basics like the basics I'd say
the leggings I was wearing this morning
are cousin plain that really could call
me Calvin I went with the kind of a
boring was not boring but kind of plain
outfit that's just me I like plain this
is my outfit by the way probably will
put it on my snapchat anyway um I have
on leggings which are kind of like
formal leggy and a black shirt or like
Laos because it's kind of light because
it's it's not hot outside but it's like
warm ish and windy and then this little
cropped cream laser yeah that's my
outfit so now I'm going to go pee
because I need to pee for the millionth
time today
I couldn't probably take some out for
pictures and then we need to go into
London for strong she's on the dark side
Janka don't go to the dark side all
right guys enjoy your walk
just about to go into London Jonathan's
already forgot something oh nice left a
few months ago and I never opened it and
I was like oh yeah check this thing out
abandon the Wardrobe kill box great I
packed like 500 snacks in my bag I
actually got really hunting so I did a
workout with Lucy this morning it was 20
I think it calculated like 27 minutes of
like active like really active and I'm
gonna yeah so anyway I did the workout
800 calories it burned that just goes to
show how effective those hip workouts
are okay now get a you can now have a
bonus burger right now there's a for
free well that's gonna wonder why I've
been so hungry all the time yeah that's
what it is
right
all right we are finished we're in a
meeting for a while and it's discussing
are we discussing are we discussing our
children I feel like do you know how
many times I say Oh any Omi's here how
many times you're in my blog just
follows me around today we had a big
long boring meeting Francesca
why it was so exciting we thought he was
the star of the show huh look guys let's
go have a look at the P o box this is
where all the pee hole boxes are stored
anything interesting in here or look
here's a ten yeah
besides the gym of that anyway that's
not we're here for everybody
oh my goodness let's kick it over figure
this thing right BFG right but look we
got a dream journal
the journal full of dreams that's my
dreams are empty we should kill Dan in
there's another one here for Amelia as
well it's two of them oh my goodness
guys look at this how amazing is that
picture
that's so cool if there we are there
actually looks like me and Anna and we
lean Eduardo that is so cool it's from
Katrin that's okay so this is this is a
professional business everyone's in
there that's so cool why I opened the
top of the little air let everything
look there's me in Arizona I mean in
Eduardo but doesn't it look like it is
it right this passenger in the office
address you can on an inkling hopefully
Dom doesn't come out anytime soon here
Naomi but actually it looks quite small
so it's not for women
well it's is for women oh this is so hot
was that meant for me then yeah Jones Oh
wicked weight is good like well sized
i does not know
to shine
so today is also when pay which is we
decided we came to know fuck off before
where Adam and Sabrina I'm we went up
there to didn't like it
asian asian asian fowl restaurant what
anna has come here before francesca if I
had never come here drop to the sky side
we're now back at the train station the
station of trains 2002 oh goodness
alright we need to go quickly and
swiftly and quickly
all right let's do this over their lives
I must recommend Novikov if you're ever
that's the problem with it we're just
trying to move quick right now there was
a new Prime Minister was over there I'm
good date night date night Turkey seven
twenty to nine you know why it's because
today's workout with Lucy was so intense
I burned eight hundred calories with her
so I'm just wrecked and last night
according to my Fitbit it said that I
ate slap six and a half hours which is
really not good you're supposed to sleep
like eight the other night I slept eight
and I got a little star on my thing
maybe my Pokemon go
so where's Dana I bet our house is
probably filled with Pokemon goes
because we're not playing the game so
huh you're like oh my god mention the
garden is like littered with little
pokemons like very exclusive Pokemon do
something you've already download the
app just to check yes if anyone's there
worried that it's like a gateway drug
down on earth Oh looking at I'll just
like throw my little egg and then I'll
have one and then you get another one
and you know I'm one of those Pokemon
goers I still don't really get it I
don't know I gotta get them all gotta
catch the hey sounds like it's actually
sounds kind of cool because maybe you
see this what happened I'm not refusing
to go and do the whole thing where you
have to get like you log out of your
iTunes account and set up an Australian
one I'll wait patiently until how it
delivers itself indeed you can't get in
the App Store yet I definitely won't be
doing it tonight though tomato going to
bad Wi-Fi failed and you care
even though everyone into UK is playing
it I'm just gonna go to bed really early
and then catch up on all my sleep and
get like two gold stars
and I got flowers but they've been
delivered to our neighbor's house
because we weren't here okay
hello doggy friends oh these must be the
flowers oh they're nice auntie do you
have a secret admirer
no she has a secret admirer who is it
from
no it's Lindsey DeFranco you didn't know
no I was nice thank you
where's my flowers Lindsey
cold it froze my finished eyes
yeah maybe
