good morning I'm just calling the dog
isn't they are barking because there's a
rubbish collector been collecting this
cheap popsicles or else is the street
cleaning thing I really don't know my
machine good job I'm sorry Bank I didn't
have one for you hi I'm the daddy we are
monetary side
okay so Amelia is in an impression that
that is the daddy side and this is the
mommy side now it might blow your mind
leave some comments below and let us
know what side of the bed you sleep on I
sleep on the right hand side of the bed
is the mommies so the mommy side is the
left hand side of the bed when lying
down
is that true let us know in the comments
below when you're in your bed in media
what side do you sleep on I sleep on the
mommy say no mommy side well you're in a
single bed single beds were only made
for one
do you know where it is the media
okay I'll show you you've got all our
stuff in our bag give me I give me in
here
it's job we posted our vitamin C now
we're going to pick magazine you pick
one for you and then one for Eduardo
okay
Oh does he want this one the lion guard
yeah or Peppa Pig yeah oh that's cute
with the cooking set yeah let's get him
this one and then what one do you want
you sure it's for quite big girls are
you sure what about a frozen one you
sure what if it's too difficult and you
can't do it okay
alright guys wanna show you something
hilarious right so Anna's just came back
from the post office after shipping the
first two items that she filled the
first three items that she sold she sold
it for for the for the top one the 8
pound 20 you sold it for a fiver with
free shipping
no five with five pan shipping actually
made a profit on this see actually a pen
Disney one here 725 he sold for a fiver
for four pounds with free shipping and
you spent 725 on shipping that's why
people are like angry I'm making it
they're like oh my god I can't believe
you're selling it it's actually way more
work it is but she's making know me sick
costing you money happy to actually do
it so just chill out
wakey-wakey noxious we're in a different
parking space today usually I just go
down there because there's hardly any
space or there's plenty of spaces so I
can like drive through and stuff but
today I was like you know I'm in first
Park because I am an immigrant and an
independent I am an independent woman so
we're gonna go swimming now and Amina's
asleep
do you hear that do you hear that media
it sounds like thunder maybe wait
Yeah right are we ready to go
I like your new swimsuit that's new
isn't it and we've got your hat
there's nobody much to put on okay
Dwight it was the official letter holder
oh no you got to close it over hold it
like this keep it closed
that's it that's it that's how an
official matter carrier would hold his
letter okay it's a really important job
that's another car yeah there's so many
cars around here isn't there you'd
almost think this is some sort of a car
park and I came to the car park this
morning and I came to the post office
this morning with Amelia and then we're
going to the post office for the
Bordeaux the post office today the post
office day it's raining it's raining
no you just walk straight path
it's what
we travel and then wanna have tortillas
for lunch the initial the nice inside
look it's guys it's not like it so it
keeps it fresh and cool so for the first
year in the new school she's not going
to be old enough does it does the
canteen where I get that every day but
for the first year the little kids like
immediate H yeah cuz I think it's it's
not receptionist one before affection
did you just make that up though yeah no
it sounded like you just made that up
you're so funny
alright so Donna is just clearing the
background so I'm so she can make
herself look okay
so I'm getting my nails done at Donna's
place is amazing and I've gone with a
pink today this one last girl and these
polishes are really good like these ones
like I said before every the last two
times that I've had it done have lasted
before two weeks like without fail
they're done was going to work for much
it mm-hmm guys immediate just realized
something what did you think I mean II
didn't walk with me this morning
mommy started the vlog this morning yeah
for vlogging now what's up how's it
going did you go well what have you been
doing all day
I don't even even seen you all day long
today what have you been doing thank you
you had a post opposite mommy
yeah I'm dreaming because I didn't go as
many gots us with the lad at this time
oh did you not know
oh yes could you went to the post office
Oh mommy you had
errands and chores to do that's what
happens in life sometimes even though
you might want to do something you have
to go in to order things because you've
chores and errands to do is tell me to
do all the work and they wouldn't do the
work right but if you had a stepmom that
would mean that that would be my new
wife yeah you want you want me to get
another wife yeah you want me to get
another nice wife yep no she would see
forming paddies with your older tools
and not touch children right I'm going
I'll be good food family all together
okay I can make a good team I'll cook
that right so I need to get a new wife
that's really nice that does all the
chores around the house yeah all
finished
I can't remember what this color is pink
part what was a pink put on you this is
like Peppa Pig pink puddle friends do
you remember that time that we win that
shorty award because you the best
viewers went and crush mushed and
smashed the system by voting for us
that's just this new thing called
Streamy Awards not new at all but I'm
just saying if you thought there all
right let's talk about Streamy awards
fan nominations guys go there I'm going
to leave a link down below crush it
crush your channel show featured Ciccone
Jolie's category kids and family your
name your last name your email address
and submit do it lads
do it for the win between Monday and
Monday the 18th please guys it was so
cool and my reality expectations are
combined and I don't think like I don't
even know how we got a shorty award that
was madness like that was just crazy it
was like
what why Oh Meghan is just so much
better stuff out there than us but
anyway maybe we could replicate that
yeah do it Marshall crush it even just
every bad group everybody do it and at
least that's like we've got a winner and
can you do it every single day I don't
know if you can do everything do it
every ten minutes just to make sure my
life let's do it newbie but come on
so we decided to be kind of knowing he
put the kids to bed like in my guys
we're just going downstairs and we
decided to go and get some Thai food
regional or Thai high order for take-out
yeah and we been to this place before
looks pretty cool though maybe we should
come here this is one a woman placed on
date night we've actually never been
that's cool
hope the ink is good yeah all right
thanks
all right that place was amazing
looking forward to this now I got green
tape are you by the way
tell me what happened and a wider
coordinate because he told me and I did
he yeah because his three she's not
sleeping he was just talking and I I
can't sleep cuz here's my bedroom
because it well um she wasn't going into
my room there's just a exchange fun so I
really want you to come up me or daddy
so Amelia went to bed a couple of hours
ago and you came down because you
couldn't sleep because of weirdo was
making too much noise it yeah and then
you couldn't sleep yeah and then I don't
come into my window consistent good boy
he was a bad boy
hello morning now it's time to go after
sleep and out of globe are going
stepping out the door before you see my
face
