good morning friends good morning Amelia
where did you sleep last night
I mean that is bad yeah I know my bed
four hundred you mean your bed no
hundred years hey good morning friends
welcome to Monday
this little monster slept in a bed again
last night you are or am i upside down
use a plan you're me
crucial
good morning mr. Mac huh what what are
you doing you know what just in there
Amelia don't broadcast all right you
came from there
what you wanna get back in yeah you do
you gonna claim I can take mommy the
nice and cozy in there you didn't want
to come out you didn't we have to force
you you're forcibly evicted you didn't
want to come into my tummy
you wanted to stay in Dara Eduardo was
evicted as well sorry go I'll be high
this wait a second Amelia
he's got no shoes on daddy
let's try this again which shoes and we
might I'm shooting another friend his
friend Bo today we're not gonna say
anything about it you're just gonna have
to wait and it's done oh my goodness
spoiler Amma I don't think anyone heard
that though no soldier just in case you
didn't hear that let me just repeat it
Oh
do you love Carrie that's the wrong side
though that's the guardo side mom I got
these cool red spades awhile ago look
they're part carbon fiber and this
carbon fiber ring all the way around the
edges of them it's really cool isn't it
that's way too bright for ages hey what
have you got where is buggy
all right doors open dies a birdie did
some poopoo huh
a birdie did a poo poo in my car who
poos in people's car how rude huh but
she just he was just walking down the
road and he was like oh look at that car
no all right let's go to school
Oh hardcore yes fresh from Sky News and
Channel 5 News
can I get a picture with you thanks he
was I'm in here so I got this bench
where is it this guy over here but I
haven't built it yet and I was supposed
to use it this morning I haven't built
it yet oh so I better go and build it
it's heavy it's gonna be ok cuz it's
wired I said he's gonna you said you're
gonna help me
he said you're gonna help me I think you
got a better offer look at this thing oh
it's complicated the things you do for
kids like giving them the cool car so
they can climb up in the ball pit and
make a mess all over the garden this is
his little step system see you don't
need a stair-step system it works it
works
Oh
Wow look how many balls are in there oh
my goodness and I still have another
eight thousand of them I could put
another 8,000 in here Oh
what
okay so I'm heading into London and to
bring Eduardo in with me because I might
not be ready to thing for him to come
along and do so you've gone in as a tea
water adventure heavenly huh huh huh
run a training run tomorrow exciting
also in my inside pocket here of my
jacket I have some nappies
Oh God
hi we are off the train we made it to
London Bridge think we need to go to the
underground now we gotta get the chili
line that's exciting so I'm just sitting
here in the middle of comedians room
I've decided that I'd like to sell more
usually I just give them to charity
which is absolutely fine no problem with
doing that but some of this stuff we
bought in Italy in like really expensive
boutiques
not all of it some of its just sarah but
some of its really nice and really
well-kept and for those things I feel
like I just don't really like the
thought of putting it in it like
throwing it in a bin bag and just like
flinging it in one of those charity bins
I would just love to put like a face or
a name or something to you know where
it's going and I feel like because it's
you guys and it's people that I
obviously I don't know you but I feel
like there's more of a connection there
so I'm gonna be selling them obviously
the high street you know Zara stuff is
gonna be for pretty cheap and if they're
damaged or stained or anything either I
won't sell them if they're not aversive
is really stained but like if there's
like a little tiny mark or something
I'll like either sell it for like a
pound or 50 P or something I thought or
anything that doesn't sell I'm just
gonna give to charity and a portion I'm
gonna donate a portion of what I make
off of this to charity I haven't decided
wat yet I haven't decided where I'm even
gonna be selling it yet so yeah just
bear with me because I've never done
anything like this before but I am
taking pictures of everything and it's
actually a lot more time consuming that
I realized and then actually would wardo
stuff as well here's all of her leggings
and trousers that are going the
one more there and then those forests of
here
which is all too small for her that's
the reason why I'm selling everything by
the way it's not that she doesn't like
it or you know it's just all age three
or age yeah mostly age three that just
doesn't fit her anymore because now
she's a big girl and she's wearing size
four or five in fact more so size five
because she's gonna be five in September
so that's what I'm up to and it's
consuming all of my time right now so
but it's fun it's really actually quite
fun underground tickets Mario Bennett we
got our card now go to sway hold my
handies
Jubilee Line wardo on this scary
elevator football look at this place
we're going down into the underground
you hear the sounds at the underground
yeah
okay westbound platform we're gonna
Waterloo guardo Oh tell me like two
stops nice one traveler
it's that way order dude we made it
hey guys we're going down into the
dungeons hope you're ready for the
dungeon wardo oh my no
okay making this alright we have got
only very very small amount of minutes
to make it in time collecting media
we're gonna get it we're gonna make this
guy's this has been incredible we made
it you made it
what did you have fun today
Eduardo went on a train today media yeah
we went we went to London yeah I was a
real train did you go to London today
were no yeah I'm Francesco was there
we're gonna go home now we're gonna go
home now daddy is pooper scoop huh
alright everyone hop in get your straps
on dinner tonight I really like this
camera it's amazing is meat potatoes and
salad for me Jonathan doesn't really
want salad but it's really good it's got
cauliflower so it's roast lamb which
vegetables actually leftovers leftovers
from last week but actually there's peas
dad these are battles from last week
it's not like a few days ago um lamb
potatoes he was like I'm going to eat
this sadly maybe what a weirdo what a
weirdo he'll be the trusting one when
you're so super it will be chocolate oh
yeah
what what did you have for dinner what
did you have you are talking to get
chocolate for pudding
well controlled Major Tom friends no no
wait wait wait wait don't leave your
camera don't eat the camera
Oh bunk guys don't you think your monkey
anyway friends quickly thank you okay
thank you you know the blog has only
gone up like about 15 minutes ago and
it's already over a thousand comments of
positive things for Hannah you know and
like I really feel that like this year
has probably been one of the hardest
years for us everyone seems really good
now I feel like we're in a good place
and I feel like we're in a good place to
kind of bring saucony jewelry's back to
being the family vlog that it was
bringing it back to being what it was
essentially you know I've been kind of
holding it together for the last few
months and I really wanted it to go back
to the way it was you know and I feel
like this this could be the start of it
going back again you know and I'm Arif
an experiment good you know he's doing
two clips today lads two clips what do
you get three tomorrow yeah better go
thank you again so much and I hope this
is secure and Jory's 2.0 back once again
for the renegade master come on get your
nails done
not beyond you putting it on part is
getting his hands cut off getting your
hands chopped off for them you nails
yeah a little choppy chop like this I
don't think there's glue in there but
having in my face well then it's gonna
be glued to your hand
I don't leave comments guys is this glue
Amelia wants to know
and then tomorrow read the comments and
then you'll find out if it's glue or not
all right friends we're gonna call it a
day
he's gonna be church we're not going on
a date night that's tomorrow night
no it's Wednesday night the next night
the next night don't get a fright all
right say goodbye to our friends good
night oh I know we should come over here
it's a village it's over like 8000 look
fancy not be head by my nappy face see
if I were to come on morning we're gonna
read you a story now come here to meet
you mr. monkey monkey monkey
get in tight give me my child of choice
child a choice bye girls
bye girls come on boys
