listen to them so weird in the space
first we were singing it was a beautiful
song the media I was amazing was very
beautiful their little kiss at the end
would be nice now we're doing spinnies
we're doing this for a few minutes and
Eduardo got off and he was so dizzy it
was so funny and I was like we need to
block this we need to do it for the vlog
yeah you want to get dizzy you want to
be a dizzy Lizzy
ah ha
ah
uh okay go walk gotta get up and walk
you gotta walk it get up and walk get on
you gotta walk gosh I walk in a straight
line there you go hey I'm pretty and I
sing me you're so pretty I think you're
acting thing is working yeah look at
your skin it almost looks as good as
mine
oh that's really good though well come
over to our five-year wedding
anniversary what do you do for five
years I don't know let us know in the
comments below one of our kids are
dressed as princesses what if we made is
it whatever everyone promises to be
nicer to Ana you did this all the time
and I won't ever wear no no no no no cuz
people always leave comments they're
always like they miss you and thank you
miss you cuz you're really nice I know
why honey I feel like my mental health
is more important I know but that's like
so everyone even more promises to be
nicer than Ana I just feel like after
the miscarriage
I like jumped back into everything
really fast and I probably shouldn't
have like I polished because I opened
myself up to so much criticism and it's
affecting me more now because I'm
obviously in like a vulnerable state
which I should have probably not
jump-a-thon
and just being like taking time for
myself and not posted any videos I'd on
my channel see this different or like
posted that many instagrams or on the
worst thing is that some people realize
that you're vulnerable and they yeah let
it get worse you you know a nesting it's
Anna's joy like it's your choice not to
you know I mean present yourself for
ridicule that's how I feel I just feel
like
gave so much and then I just got
completely attacked at a really
vulnerable time so now I'm like I feel
like my mental health is suffering
because of it and that's why I'm just
like they're gonna break it yeah
cuz it's just not it's just not fun for
me at the moment but we all miss you
right all my friends that there will be
nice you okay we're gonna look in the
comments lads
because like I can block and ban
everyone all day long but yeah like I'm
coming so more people and it's usually
people keep setting up hashtags that are
just so really thing and I'm like I
don't know what to do like and it's
really horrible because it takes away
from all the people that have been
really nice and there are people that
have been doing like blue hearts for Ana
and like trying really hard but it's
just like sometimes when you're not in
the right frame of mind like the
negative just outweighs the positive and
that's just how I feel right now I just
don't wanna so we're making a change
we're making a change
oh I'm Christoph am i you're outside
maybe next time we should have a boy
still oh look at artisanal princesses
you I'll Chris up and you need to come
here Shh
turn your dice
yeah hello Princess Aurora robot all
right princess whoa whoa what's this
princess competition going on huh I can
get more wine your Aurora and I'm
Christoph hung with Hans the Camellia
trainer black America Josh my sister is
so funny
Digital arias so myself and Amelia are
chillin on a mini vlog minuite hood
watching Tinkerbell what are you
watching it up a few what did you rocky
lovely soup well that is your age I
barely even knew about the radio net
known Internet connectivity on the iPad
I pedal ishes
uh-huh Queen Clarion you know wonder
well Amelia's generation go up and just
like never watch television which is
like why would you why would you watch
something that made you I remember when
I was a kid right and I just watched a
show called air wolf anyone else from
the 80s anyone and you boom when you do
it someone there and your air wolf was
amazing right Stan and then and then and
then and then it sometimes
alright this basically repairs to any
any television show from the last like
decade or two right so the show beyond
and you need to go for a pee right if
you have to wait for the ads to come on
you'd like run your toilet name like
little pickle Pippin and they need here
and would be coming on you'd be like ah
cuz there's nothing you can do about it
lads it's not gonna wait for you it's
not gonna wait for you then you come
back in you'd have missed it or
something you would like and there was
no like repeats or rewinds or pauses or
watch the download it or watch it online
or just nothing that was it you was over
forever
this generation or you people are just
thinking like why would you ever do that
that's insane yeah everything's on
demand these days you know is that
annoying is that annoying is that
annoying
you said you know I daddy no daddy no
I forever
that's five
okay so we had an idea the idea was to
fill this trampoline with balls because
you can slide over them well if they all
fall yeah isn't it cool guys so we were
digging them out with the pocket edit
this thing and then I was like you know
what let me just grab a pocket like this
and let's just dump it in there that
will do the job right you guys ready for
this this is the ball pit trampoline
video take you oh my goodness okay hold
on hold on hope the box is taking care
of
oh I'm where I'm really tempted to go
and get another couple of boxes out as
well but then you know no idea how long
it took me to actually fix this back up
let me get it is he now you have to
drive across it okay all right no no no
you got to go from one side okay so go
over to that side go over to that side
air right and then dive onto your balls
and you'll slide across it ready do it
no you didn't say why don't you try it
driving slide diving slide immediate
diving slide that is like that was more
of a dive where is the slide oh oh you
can just you can you spin around
do do a snow angel guys do a snow angel
oh alright lie in the ground lie on the
ground or lie on the ground right now
stretch your hands out now wired up we
went right let's stretch your hands out
yeah new your legs to stretch your hands
and legs out okay now move them from
side to side no no we got a lie back
head back and move them from side to
side look okay okay
new plan empty this oh no it's not
working - okay it kind of worked it kind
of worked okay hold on everyone back
away Oh
luckily we have an arrow what can I say
I want to get good got explain something
to me
cookie mom gold see a cute creature you
throw a ball at it you like steal it and
then you train it to fight for you
against other small creatures that other
people have stolen kind of sounds like
illegal underground fighting or
something or kidnapping or something but
now everybody is playing this Pokemon
thing will you use your phone and then
the pokemons are in real life and you
hunt them or something like that after
you catch a Pokemon I think you have to
go to a gym or something but you have to
go and workout and then there's people
like driving in cars and then people are
saying people who are driving in cars
are cheating right how is that cheating
if you're driving in a car to go to a
gym that's gonna get really sunny
understand the lads so anyway leave you
some comments and explain to me this
Pokemon thing I'm gonna go get some food
let's be done friends right so on a
Sunday it's like a tradition now
it is
all right take away yeah
but this is a good plan whoa that was a
bit loud
whoa he's gonna who knows - goodbye son
hmm okay thing - goodbye son I thought
we gonna do a nice little song can you
say ain't got me on farewell I'll be
saying goodbye everything that I know
you're supposed to walk up the stairs as
you do it one at a time this is not
working nice high ambition sound of
music hey hey and everything okay oh
thank you
Ford are you oh my friends tomorrow
what's going on
I've been roaming where too long
sleeeeep
in the pickup
