good morning friends but you're probably
not watching this in the morning so good
afternoon friends or evening or 20 years
later she's put in the car seat in for
Anna is taking immediate Anne Eduardo to
ballet today it started off a while ago
when the duardo came when Anna to ballet
and now like he just basically goes all
the time and sort of half participates
he's like a sideline ballerina ballerina
from the sideline participator so have
you guys watched my ball pit trampoline
video on Frankie his friend I hope so
because it was so much fun making it
we've got some boxes here all the other
boxes are in there with balls in them
these ones are empty anyway I've left
just enough balls in here so that duardo
and the media can play knit hello to her
doggy friends hello dere doggy friends
so keep y'all have any lanes in the boat
Oh Xena that scene eat all of hers did
wieder have his breakfast yeah what did
why do I have for breakfast today
chocolate O's Oh was it nice yeah I only
and Mel
I don't milk melius whole milk your meal
did mommy make it for you yeah no he's
very good to Xin Jie
is mommy your favorite money yeah do you
love mommy yeah we can start a club
the I love mommy club what do you think
squidy mm-hmm squidy
here right here very cute this goodie
hey I seen em so new comments well not
too new comments but there's lots of new
people to watch these videos and someone
asked me to like Elvira Simon what is
going to have an octopus on his hand I
suppose technically it's like an octopus
but I had looked over it's supposed to
be a squid by the way but I looked up
and lots of squids and some of them are
kind of like but weird and Oh click and
then because this is like a memorial
type thing to little squid so we got
this one made up to make it look cuter
and even this original one he looked
really unhappy so we made it we put a
little smiley face in and so for that
you know I don't really particularly my
one looks like it's more just out of the
point of it hmm this is good squiddy
yeah you know squiddy he loves it so
much though huh
you know some days are like
I don't know sometimes I feel like just
some things I know it's kind of silly to
miss something you've never had I feel
like I miss my little squid so friend of
ours got pregnant the same time that we
got pregnant with squid and and she
yesterday find out the gender of her her
soon to be child has got really upset
you know we were just thinking like
goodness like I could have been us you
know just really hit us you know he was
just like oh that's how far along we'll
be right now you know like we would know
the gender
all those squids you know and then you
think like he was gonna be and what's
good gonna be and stuff like that you
know I don't know it's still very raw it
still feels you know I'm not moaning or
we're gonna get over and running I'm
ever gonna not think about what a little
squids up to or word or what if being or
what they would have a combo I just feel
really sad today you know no but
yesterday maybe tomorrow I'll be a
better you know but just last night when
we kind of found out about the gender
itself and then you also just think
we're just like thinking about it more
and just kind of reminded ourselves you
it's not it's not her fault it's not my
friend's fault I mean when I talk about
things it makes it easier and it's like
just saying it and then moving on you
know but I know I know Anna is still
really really hurt um but what happened
you know I'm just because sometimes you
don't show it all the time but we are
let's make the rest of this video really
really happy okay
so skip past this part and the rest this
videos gonna be happy all right
you get in battle Rena her
oh that's very pretty
you
you're no hero
wait
hi guys enjoy badges by a fun see you
laters
I won't you just kick my legs
whoa all right who wants to do a big
dive in okay you have to stand there
daddy
Oh I fall and then I got get up oh oh
wait a second I think I've dropped my
phone another thing I'm never getting it
back oh no I did I dropped my phone
guys my phone is in here somewhere oh no
no I did I had my guys I had my phone in
my pocket
I know daddy's phone is in here all
right who can find daddy's phone it's on
the bottom it has to be on the bottom
somewhere
what's this oh it's part of flip-flop
sorry why now is the terrible idea oh
and then need to be a mummy plate so
it's actually
it's a piece of party Saturday night
friends I don't want is two pieces so
you know where's my two pizzas oh sure
oh it's when I was like are you sure oh
hey I got something different as well
this time let's see what we got
No ooh barbecue and sausage trying
something different
tell me Mia so the kids went to ballet
mm-hmm and we play and then we had a dog
trainer came today and did love to draw
training with the dogs that was cool huh
and then we just basically just hung out
and chills course the spider yeah
listen spider now huh well let me know
what's your ultimate pizza topping
situation maybe comments let me know
would you prepare a margarita or a
sausage pineapple mushroom and barbecue
situation what would you prepare me yeah
a cheesy pizza yeah yeah what do you get
wired or cheesy pizza Otto
all right let's dig in okay
what are you good oh okay like issue the
summer time summer summer summertime
Canadian summer games some crazy summer
games and I was seeing this thing rise
picking the bottom up and spinning him
around but I can't blog at the same time
so I'm gonna bring out a tripod this is
the tripod guys so hopefully if I put
this like this flip this up we'll be
able to see ourselves are we here are we
on
okay we're on all right hop on joy
that's idea yeah okay now let's see okay
so we call this move this spinny
Stoney are you ready Wow space Pony okay
hold the minis hand okay we start off
slowly instead as I said we've lost the
child Jude health and safety reasons
that event has now been postponed
you did a stoppage of one of the
children's arms alright welcome to
summer games 2016 do you Olympic
champions amelia is up first with the
hop whoa you just are Jim do you see a
star show let's see how high I can bend
the children hey weirdo granny so you
can stand aligned along with us please
you mean WrestleMania moves yeah alright
this is wrestling with the children okay
this one's called okay so I pick you up
right you're slightly unconscious and I
flip you over I go from the top rope
boom
okay now this one this one as I I come
in
boom I'm like oh my goodness she's down
oh oh oh it's a Titan it's a Thai team
oh you've come at me from every angle
pause driver boom who's next
who dares take me on yeah
don't scream no shouting loud nigga oh
we've been busted
we've been busted guys various singing
ring a Rosie right isn't that what we
did we were arrested a we're just
singing ringa roses Oh Eduardo was our
train you up you're gonna be an MMA
world champion Oh kick kick you want to
ring around the rosies okay tenten
tenten tenten tenten tenten all right
lads first let's put our friends to bed
I take it not to our friends good night
friends I hope you've enjoyed this video
presentation situation hope you're
enjoying your summer time we are it
could rain anyway the summer could end
at any moment to go outside and enjoy my
friends we are doing around the Rosie
you
