we've gotta keep this dream we've gotta
keep this dream we've gotta keep this
dream yeah good morning dr. mordough
good morning oh there's more name for
Chavez come on Alvie good morning feel
jammie-jammie we go get some breakfast
case yeah you doin breakfast you wanna
climb on lucky somebody needs to grab
the camera now all aboard
we can do this we can do this
hello friends and we are rushing to the
train station rose Washington train
station he never just like planetlab
just the front of it always leave it to
the last second whatever I go into
London it always happens late so I
wanted to get the vlogs off loaded and
ready for you just in case you don't
make you back we should be back in time
but London
we gave the train on time night so we're
going into the river so how has
generated so far as inhale Aiden was
like super like we're so cool and the
organ itself has in Soho inland that's
funny
the one the one in LA was really hard to
find it was like in a super underground
private Batcave so I'll really find this
one is Soho Soho hopefully I didn't even
go over that one I've never seen under
Victoria would ever train there it's my
first time train list Victoria London
train that's Victoria let's try and get
through the crowd that's like the
ultimate new thing because like when you
put your ticket in and then you expect
the and you good to reach to get to take
it back out did you do that oh I know
and the guy behind his life I don't move
along you don't hit move along you
you're like no sometimes I do know it's
gonna take it you trying to be all cool
like yeah I knew I knew it's gonna take
it
it is only got the robot lush in there
remember that day I think before that I
think he called it a robot because it
already started yeah London Victoria
full of memories
we are finished our meeting in the zoo
again I couldn't blog in there because
we're get in we'll get in trouble
most comfortable sofa in the world this
hope is ridiculous isn't it you get
stuck in it I've been trying to get out
of this oppa for about a week now I've
been stuck in it but now we're going to
go home back to the train station back
to Victoria where all the magic happens
yeah what do you think is faster taking
the stairs to the elevator better we'll
fit Express it's not just an entrance or
something halfway joy how was it good
workout were you waiting there for long
I gotta know not to worry I know every
that don't you dare
hello mommy's here to tell me that sighs
she's gonna call white no she's on the
phone she's got a conference call
she missed on you today prisons do I
always bring presents home is that my
will my daddy the present bringer hey I
got some ink for my printer it's very
exciting
yeah well we can print things in color
is black and wide landscape and portrait
you want to see it it's over enough that
box over there it's not as exciting as
I'm making it out to be though did you
go to Saul favorite why don't ya well
your friends from school there I'm a kid
that new friend with Dylan's accomplice
you make new friends yeah you wanna say
what do you say
please mm-hmm come on let's go
downstairs I'll fine Anna first where'd
you leave Anna last is it in your bed is
it let's go check your bag then come on
let's check your bag mr. Hitler run all
aboard
Oh did you have fun in South Italy yeah
yeah
was Daniel there
my friends were here hello why no no in
the dark glasses no go go in the
basement
what are you guys doing alright you guys
want to see what's in the boxes yeah
okay let me get the kids a little look
inside the boxes now
thank you Buell up inside the bosses so
I'm just gonna give you kids love inside
the boxes bouncing the bounce bounce
bounce we call when bounce bounce bounce
see today you have to run around as I
turn up whoo daddy
okay so I've told Amelia about the new
video we're making
where Amelia don't tell everyone what
word it don't do it do it which is very
very excited are you very excited
she's very excited
the bounce the bounce we got a wedding
on you've got the ones on or I might or
I may use cherry cherry juice all right
Jerry Terry does Vance complete the
information wardo events depends this is
where like imagine like a drone like
hovering like this above us
I'm
