city lights they shine so brightly
when I'm coming on to you
get up he told me his covers were broken
I mean it fallen off him you couldn't
put them back on so I was all broken I
think you need to grab some breakfast oh
she's anybody else's then turn seven
breakfast Oh laughs laughs or words mean
name and board the bus daddy bus
there's Olaf coming with us is all I've
coming with us
yeah okay are we ready are we ready for
Wednesday here we go that step into
Wednesday oh hello Wednesday how are you
it's Wednesday doing is he getting along
well was it getting on he does write to
his friend when he goes for a scoot
scoot just look at the way he juggles
his fruit oh no the mice all march past
as he takes the salute at least - yeah
did you guys read it yeah and his
dinosaur what a magnificent brute look
at media guy yes a look really can float
and her back is not a media you got a
certificate yeah
let's go check our slime problems oh my
goodness okay most of its gone but still
dead oh that's for every slime if you
put that in the box its forever forever
slime everybody ready
I'm everybody bow we're late for school
today and the teachers like why were you
guys late and be like um I was busy
singing the boo boo boo song hey we're
in the car thing in the booty booty
booty song so just gonna tell him mm-hmm
all right missus let's go
easy sort of plan work by the way guys
before we dried the holes me out it took
like two days to dry it off yeah let's
look better now they tried their best
why is that overlapping what oh my
goodness I need a scale with all these
extra ones leftover bits like you know
when you build IKEA furniture and then
you've got leftover screws you know oh
look you can't with extra screws it
didn't that was the workout that's the
cheese it didn't okay all right let's go
oh there's no kids here I'm gonna leave
him there hey buddy hey little froggy
hey no froggy I'm so glad he didn't jump
out another Oh Norman
oh I just move in this area right now we
thought that would be funny now all
right
you ever seen a real big fog so I've had
a shower off do you know what a froggie
says do you remember what the front you
says rip it's okay just do you know okay
come this way oh there's a frog in here
why don't some time be wrong he's gone
is that do you see the froggy over here
you see the Rocky
do you want to touch it be really
careful though really gentle be really
gentle say how froggy you think what is
the Frog is a rivet careful froggy
careful look at oh well where is he
hadn't it where is it off there open the
door
you can he can simmer and in here cool
oh he's got hiding some free little
froggy friend yeah okay let's go back
inside we're painting wasn't that fun
there's so mister
maybe I shall live in my new house in my
new hotel house where I had to steal
white bed bed and and I had a swimming
pool member and dad just right on the
all you guys excited to get a Sorento a
few weeks and you'll get to see Sophia
and you can show her how good of a
swimmer you've become yeah
now that you'll have badges yeah you
gotta fight for frozen be my new party
yeah I mean Sophia can be a - oh wait
you've got a bad now yeah I'm gonna have
a new song bat friend whoa there is you
you formed a band can I join your band I
was in a band
I was cool whoa well I can't wait to
hear your first song you want to keep
the froggy he's not naughty he's a nice
little froggy so what are we gonna name
him guys Rosa bloom this frogs name is
now Rosa bloom should we bring him
inside and show mommy yeah she might get
a fright though okay ready don't drop
him okay don't drop him okay
get ready here comes don't drop no no no
what did you do
no no no hold your hand - close your
hands out he wasn't by trains he looks
really nice Rosa bloom Rosa bloom do you
promise to be nice to media okay put
your hands out it's really important
whole Rosa bloom where are you going the
new friend is friend video is edited
ready to go so as always we like to have
a viewing with the friend is friend team
that's not let's not put markers in and
let's not do that no markers okay you
guys ready you guys ready here we go
episode 2 of the friend is friend show
thank this might be for one of the
videos I have planned Oh youth what have
I done
have I over there so put the bucket here
couple the boxes here oh it's gonna be a
good video is gonna be fun video I'm
gonna hide them in here because and it
will murder me alright no spoilers just
me it's gonna be in my video well it
could be a total fail date night what
you gonna do and we're going on a date
with you and you're going on I think we
me you're beautiful
you're a beautiful young lady and has
made an amazing observation there's one
restaurant which we have gone to right
but we've only ever gone as a daytime
situation we've never gone as a
nighttime daytime yawning at the start
of date night is not a good time that's
how I felt like since about two hours
ago no no I've lost it the blocks it's
date night come on we're young we're
free
we're single young free and single there
was a song from like the early 90s from
a boy band young free and single does
dad's well it's all about bump bump bump
Shh oh wait that wave it was my bad No
oh yeah so we found ask Italian we
always go there with the children but
we've never gone there because we tried
to always go to places that are like
super child unfriendly you know cuz we
can never go to with the kids
oh if you've seen the new Independence
Day movie let me know I was trying to
convince on it to go but she's not
eating into it so let me know if it's
good if it's good is it as good as the
first one because the first one was good
right
I don't like fine
that's basically saying you don't like
me oh gods a new show called killjoys
lads totally recommend it it's quite
good just commit molasses it's like it's
like the Kardashians except it's a new
space alright we're getting a new
night's date night I think not we are
doing Dancing with that and then lots of
dances that you're done what's the
coordinating go that's right up down
left right oh yeah all right good
goodbye friends I'll see you tomorrow oh
and I didn't get murdered
