what can I say
I bought you there you're my one good
habit what can I do I guess it's the way
I am hoping understand that it's all
really new
having good fortune I don't need them I
don't need the sock Eider yeah good
morning friends meanwhile I'm sure
because we were filming a friendly
restrained video today and you need to
get some stuff I know but hold on a
minute
hold on a minute mr. Anna's gone into
London where she's doing some female
entrepreneur thing it's a meeting for
female entrepreneurship got in with
Sabrina if you were friends so I figured
that was a perfect time to film a friend
attended Yale isn't it what you want to
run okay well first needs to get at a
car park before your run mister
otherwise we'll lose it right oh you
don't to lose yourself in the car park
you want to lose yourself in the music
in the moment so you've come up to Mars
and to try and get some supplies
I already how about the main stuff
neighborhood video I don't need you boy
no spoilers what the video actually is
right you'll have to just wait check it
off from your friends channel what
do you know what video we're doing today
no he's just running everywhere
Amelia knows those so we're not gonna
talk to you lady about it cause she'll
give it away
what no mister oh my goodness the
difference between the two kids right
Amelia will walk quietly by your side
which will notice danger this monkey
here once the one to the danger you're
like a danger mouse huh excited by the
danger oh you see danger everyone under
Twittersphere was June when I was in
home base it and I couldn't find it and
this is I was looking for everything you
can get it at a gardening set for the
kids look it's like a little basket
thing how the gardening said not cool
you can help daddy do the gardening yeah
okay you hold on to that we'll say thank
you to all our friends on Twitter No
you
would you get I'm following you love it
yeah
goes fight over like glamour phone thing
what and the gardening so thanks
everybody give me suggestions of us and
actually had one in stock there might be
arguments and fights but I just got one
we're taking Sherrod alright let's get
home you wanna come and say we need to
cut this grass alright okay I don't know
you pointed them okay there's no point
okay you're seeing this pool here but
there's no harm in seeing what it is
without getting too much into detail how
I'm making a pool huh you might have to
go in there oh well not right now we
have to we have to get ready though
first but it's not gonna be a normal
pool wardo is it no it's not gonna be a
normal pool guys there's gonna be a
catch there's not gonna be sharks finish
it's not gonna be piranhas in it okay
that's what you're suggesting there's
not going to be pulling it no hope
there's not gonna be poner not going to
be dogs in it
this may completely fail or this may be
brilliant I'm not 100% sure but I think
it might be funny that's all that
matters wardo we are to entertain two
peoples don't we okay
I think it's kind of forming all right
you don't put air anything at all
Samina is currently at actual real
swimming right now so she got a surprise
comes home hey you want to go swimming
again
it's also going to be freezing cold
water so that's not going to be the
funnest thing in the world is the Ordo
what you got there hmm our you're gonna
pick flowers for mommy
yeah did you okay video okay the kids
are naked so the cowboy went straight to
the back the shower oh we gonna we do
rooting for mommy gets home I have no
idea how that's gonna turn nanny to look
at the footage four legs
who's that arias Hey hello Amelia you I
don't even mean on the blog today Wow oh
you've been very busy with all your
activities and then we made a special
video for a friend his friend Channel
don't tell them what it was I don't say
no she don't know yeah I determined to
ruin the surprises of every day oh my
goodness oh I don't know so turn that
right or not like I said today we be
making a slag laughs okay I don't know
whose videos to go to work out I said
like the first few videos may just be
like testing videos to see you like
can't figure out how to do things but I
don't know yeah did you enjoy it
why I'm glad you guys into it and all
this like bummed out daddy did dive into
it you spoiled everything
yeah we make our own daddy flag he'd
make a jelly flood Jennifer
but then afterwards we figured out yes
you can go to i-5 but then afterwards we
figured out I think I probably could
have done that better you know but never
done it was bits of stuff on me but
never done it before this is after a
shower lads it's it's everywhere I got
sheet you know what he's probably still
oh my goodness look you can still see a
little pool so I dived into that and it
exploded everywhere oh my god that's all
like the slime stuff that's left over oh
yeah I'm gonna dump in the foot I also
use the GoPro so got some slow-mo stuff
as well but I was dumping the footage
I'll have a look at and I'll see I'm
just not 100% sure if that even worked
but am i don't know maybe didn't work
I'll still uploaded I'm not really sure
oh my god it's a but it was a good idea
alright it was a good idea it just
didn't uh I didn't know what I was doing
now I'm having some lunch tasty bagel
and some Sam on and she's watching you
iPad we have Anna pace to give her time
yeah you know what chicken y'all the
kids have been working on all day long
huh let you mess it's all over there oh
you know oh they're all in say put the
six of them you lose you lose tracking
them okay I could have done to everyone
the P o box adds the box of peas percent
peas to the Bo box
don't be don't be that guy or girl I'll
be fun you know someone's NPO please to
be a watch anyway it's an inner end of
French project we're working on nothing
tell you I knew better because it's good
it's a while away but it's gonna be cool
with the glass I was kind of hoping that
we fix beforehand I got home anyway guys
this stuff is still here it won't go
away it won't go away but no the entire
garden is buried in slush like and slime
what have I done
this may be the last account you Jolie's
video and I'll be home soon
oh jeez guys I've made a terrible
mistake
oh geez
what a baggie full of bonds okay what we
did see he makes make some files guys
meet present file hey what you chew hold
on YouTube Center something guys whoo
yearbook gold play button class of 2015
oh that's so cool you stars your venture
into Jasmine wait can't you wait a
second look at this story look my first
video no what is that many views a house
oh my goodness what that is so cool okay
yeah I got I like it
anyway that is amazing that is so cool
why are you having a moment here an
emotional moment here all right what is
oh geez what's in here it's a silver Bob
slides it slops got a bow I know what we
should do guys
well you probably shouldn't do this but
oh let's open it I went up oh all right
okay we got some hobo hair I got hobo
hair dress dry shampoo is there for guys
no way I don't use dry shampoo holy
wonder about dry shampoo okay let's make
some piles this one squirrel sisters
I don't know me now let's go check TMR
thank you all right let's go check we
got the ultimate skin spa got some books
ah look at all these books guys whoa
Amelia just get your name on it Barney
customized books Anna and a bumblebee
Jonathan and thank you so much
bumblebee people it's so cool in it oh
wait
Jonathan Johnny's chop chop saw your
blog where you said you didn't know what
to start your hair and we're struggling
Johnny chop chop he's got your back but
come on this looks like a few Johnny
stop stop guys oh they're cool
why don't get some things let's get some
things for white oh look you want to
open it up this is open I don't have the
little boy comes out um first in
holidays Oh glad you've made a right
mess to the place
let's try to open a couple of these
boxes zoella book club also a club books
in it so let's recap folks and there's
gonna have to London for a day to go
through meetings and jeno bear hanging
out with Sabrina and then she went to
kick fluids away from school and I think
she's just left now so we now paint all
over the band here
painting the wooden things garden is now
buried in slime okay
kids have had the dinner so progress
we're moving now the kids are got some
am marker on them
did you get some mark on yourself how's
Amelia doing over here Oh have you been
busy yeah it's great it's great so mom's
gonna be really excited oh we also got
it on our new clothes
okay well mommy's gonna be really
excited with daddy when she gets home
isn't she
mommy's gonna be cross and he's gonna
get in trouble is daddy gonna get in
trouble oh wow put mop only did it
Eduardo Fox yeah guys I think I think
we're all in big trouble here
so I want to show we're supposed to do
in this situation
yeah I know this may be the last Ciccone
Joanie's vlog guys I'm sorry this is it
it's going to be the Jolie's from
tomorrow onwards and we'll be living
somewhere else
or we may all be murdered and buried in
the garden if you find this video call
the police I'm buried in the garden
under all the slime my friends we may
never ever see you again
thanks for the last six years friends
it's been it's been a bi has been fun
leave a nice comment up hope
and maybe tomorrow I may never see you
again
