this little boy legs hello friends
welcome to Monday morning he's such a
little boy legs Oh Clinton breeze from
falling over all the time just generally
being a little boy like these little
sleepyhead in here huh it's Monday
morning it's over they have a good
weekend
Thank You Mikey eggs and Bakey oh that's
a lovely sunny day today is the fourth
of July so happy fourth of July to you
on my Mac injuries maybe we should go
and see that with you guys yeah can you
say can you say happy Independence Day
yeah no original plan to open we went to
the woods because there's no time for
two weeks and stay in America until
Independence Day that was the original
plan but then after what happened it was
good we just changed our plans to just
fly in and every big time what but
someday someday I'd like to be in
America for fourth of July and I think
experience it hmm I wonder I like being
an art and for Saint Patrick's Day is a
similar kind of buzz is it huh
English viewers what is the equivalent
to support July inning and is a guy
Fawkes Day or sizzling hour past year
there's no let's French I don't know
leave comments yeah what country you
guys from and leave comments with your
big like thing is in Ireland st.
Patrick's Day for sure America free
shirt its fortune I am head and say but
other countries let me know and then
I'll try and go through the countries on
those days yeah so we'll do a a party
tour or in the North Pole probably
Christmas Day come on let's go let's go
when you have breakfast friends who
wants breakfast he wants to break their
fast mm-hmm yeah you want to break your
fast so let's go let's go because Chile
yeah oh my goodness I have a delivery
coming for this I don't know I feel like
I shouldn't them tell you guys too much
about the video is that I'm gonna be
doing here like I kind of want to do it
behind the scenes of the videos and the
best friend student obviously and
applause boy skiddly blue squiggly blue
being John could I give you a ding dong
now in a second
get in here next maybe someone is gonna
eat that come on happy cookie is Lucy oh
right
that doesn't sound right at all Pete
he's chained arteries
alright let us drive to school oh it's
so sunny dreaminess oh my goodness I
would hate to be a vampire today you
wouldn't lie
let's go get this guy sorted I'm going
to imagine and it's probably something
I've ordered from the videos oh no it's
in that box no friends I just put out a
call on Twitter's and I never even
thought about to say it on the interwebs
because I'm not sure like I don't want
to give that an email address for people
to send me things cuz that's not what it
is but if you follow me on Twitter it's
like at Jonathan Joley
link me your show wheel if you are an
animator or somebody works in
composition graphic design or something
out like because I started the process
of working on this animation showed I
want to do and I'm gonna need some
people and I've been kind of looking on
creative accounts of places where I used
to go to get jobs when I was a freelance
animator and I was looking throughout
his shows and stuff when I was like wait
a second like you guys so many of you
are talented and amazing and I would
much rather hire one of you guys you
know rather than some stranger danger
you know there might be danger but
stranger danger so yeah so tweet me if
you are an animator tweet me or Facebook
or you know somehow contact me send get
get your show real to me so anyone or
its animation this is what I'm looking
for to decomposition freehand or it can
be Sal or it can be 2d vector design
that's kind of Steel's like freehand
scripts not so much 3d animation 3d
animation I'm okay for 3d animation but
if you are a 2d animator send me your
stuff I'm it may just work out for me
you know yeah so cool let's do that send
it to me friends and your mighty you
might get a job huh your mom's like what
do you can get a job at about huh
what'd you think that mom did you have
point at swimming did you put your head
underwater
oh that's a good boy
do you like sitting yeah what looks so
close to surrender lives it's like
literally our next month
oh I'm so excited there's some poo poo
Patrol be there on the double keep an
eye out for the poos guys keep an eye
out for the poop Patrol we will be in
sorrento next month lads we've been
training all year mommy's back home yep
mommy is eight this morning we just got
back home Eduardo swimming this morning
Mugabi no you robbing off what
miggy's bo oh geez
drinking in though what hop in baby what
do you think we have been training hard
I don't think though we've been training
hard since last year and we are going to
be swimming in sorrento okay is it a
deal
I want to see you jumping off the pier
okay you might even make a video jumping
off the pier type thing so I can come up
with it as part of an hour remember it
goes to do it yeah with the gate
anyway joint you up in here mister what
do we think oh how about you jump in
here and then we can go and collect your
sister your sister it's not even it's
not even my sister she's your sister oh
I think you know what we can do why
don't you I sing some songs in the car
yeah okay let's get this ready and let's
sing some socks the wheels on Daddy's
car call round and round they're 20 inch
low profile with
custom paintwork carbon fiber interior
with custom blue calipers or the Range
Rover supercharger round and round
hahahaha day long
what are they somebody called the
garland huh oh it's ok it's not that
sunny let's go collect Amelia collect
Amelia he loves when I bring him along
correcting me Amelia loves when I bring
him along Amelia everybody loves
whenever like could you just oh oh
seriously right
- Amelia I'm showing you this video in
the future on your 21st birthday
if you won't open yourself I'll practice
I'll press the injection button ejection
button why it's one of these buttons up
here so we turn this on here right one
of these buttons here is ejection Oh
Oh what's happening no no you're gonna
be ejected ice Oh key jockeys lads this
is getting out of control so a few weeks
ago okay
ooh we're to focus you know sometimes
when I'm sitting you're looking at the
camera and I do that it's because I'm
checking the screen over here I think
that's why some youtubers wear like
sunglasses like so that you can't see
like when you're wearing something when
you're wearing sunglasses you can't see
my eyes I can look at this screen over
here whatever
to talk to you like that it'll be kind
of weird so the thought is it's handy
but sometimes you put back anyway
this when they point to place flooded
okay this is not seem to be getting
better because it's so dark and moist
and damp in here so what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna put all these outside and put
them in the grass at here and let them
dry off of it and I think he goes look I
bet you it's the whole place under here
it's just full of water yeah yeah yeah
it is these are wet ones okay but as you
can see like I pulled these two they
were a little bit further away but
they've gotten dried off so it was only
those few there which is not bad but
hopefully that will dry this section off
and we will have everything fixed again
we're father and we're son and we're
here with the pond because that's what
we do before we have a bat we like to do
a poo
sometimes they poop in the back dad says
don't don't feel sad don't do a poop in
the back but sometimes we do a poo in
the pod cuz that's what we do we're
father and son that's what we do that's
what we do we do a poo in the back why
no so what else oh no no you could know
it's a solo why no it's a solo
you
