good morning friends I have normal hands
kids while we were on date night last
night they were giving a bath and you
remember we went to lush on the way home
from London recently I remember what
that was but we brought them in to lush
they picked their bath bombs but it did
him last night but they're holding them
in their hands and that's where our
hands is like dyed pink and blue but
today it's very exciting morning friends
I'm gonna drop the kids to school come
home have some breakfast put Alessi too
bad and then we're going out to see
houses houses nice this is it we're down
is it good today going to be gasps we're
going to see four houses today and one
of them we will be moving into very very
soon because everything is set
everything's organized everything is
ready to go we just need to go now and
pick one of the houses so I'm gonna see
how much I don't know how much I can
show you because we won't own the
properties yet so you know I won't be
able to show you too much well try and
show you a little bit of this journey so
we can capture this story but um it's
gonna be an exciting day we've got lots
of substance over tomorrow like near our
town so remember like really far because
I wanted to try and like I want to know
like what's country living like what's
like suburban living versus country
living versus like lots of land versus a
little bit of land versus like the
period renovation project versus like a
modern you know I mean all the different
types of options that are on the table
that fit with our budget so I'm yeah
come along sit back down hit the like
button hit the bell subscribe do all
those things while you're waiting all
the kids there watching secret life of
pets secret life of pets imagine sighs
how do you guys actually think huh what
look I think that's supposed to be
Bianca
village I was it Nevaeh she does have a
pink bow she said she has a pink bow
that's Nevaeh all right we are off vile
s yeah bye Alessia have a nice breakfast
morning traffic Donna Thursday morning
on the way to school it's quite boring
this is how I add it now HAP time let's
see if this girl wants any milk today
yeah so she had some this morning
uh-huh she also woke in the night well
like in the early hours of the morning
which me never does know anymore I feel
like a jinx dicks I said it on the vlog
yesterday I hate saying it like I hate
telling people that she sleeps here
tonight because I feel like when I say
that she's just not going to I said on
the vlog yesterday and then lo and
behold she didn't sleep through the
night last night well she almost did cuz
she woke at like I think was quarter to
four but she hasn't done that not so
long dad yeah I think what I'm gonna do
is try not feet today I think that
really hurts cuz she fed up like a
quarter to four and then she fed again
it and seven when she woke up so I just
don't know why she's gonna be hungry for
milk cheese right what a train I don't
know I'm scared okay in the last clip
because she just there for quite a while
and it's dark in here
heito late changes then I remembered
that yesterday she did feed for this one
the
whatever time this is nine half nine
feet and she just didn't for the
afternoon before her afternoon up so
after lunch she cuz she goes in like
straight after her lunch so she's
usually quite full so I did offer her
the boob and she took it but she like
drank a lot so then I felt really guilty
so I'm not gonna try and like I mean I'm
not trying to cut out cut down or
anything I just thought I was just going
like following her lead but I think I'm
gonna still keep offering it to her and
just until she keeps refusing it and
then oh no but I definitely need to drop
it but like yeah I felt really guilty
that I was like what because she like
drank a lot
so yeah just scratch everything I said
in the last kind so we're going to the
first house I mean not the first house
that we've ever been that we ferment one
of these houses today I don't that's not
true how'd you know that one of these
houses today we have to pick there's no
one I have to pick there's no urgency no
but it's like pretty more not late
chance that one of these houses today no
there isn't
we don't know that for sure what are
they're all terrific what if we walk in
we're like okay this is a little bit of
a first house that we're seeing seeing
today we kind of took a break for ages
because we had our heart set on this one
house
and then oh it's just so well just
things happened and like I know I don't
I don't know it may stuff may or may not
happen we're not sure so we're just
gonna check out these other houses that
we do like like we wouldn't be looking
at them if we didn't think there was
like potential as far as I remember yes
this house it has amazing views not
madam at the front of it you know
there's pros and cons to every house
it's a little bit it's not that far out
but it's farther out than what we're
used to
yeah it's the only way to get a bit of
space yeah and what can I say about it
it would need yeah it would need like
not loads of work but there's definitely
things that I would change in it like I
think that was all gonna need some yeah
here's the thing what we're trying to do
right for years you've been working
really hard and we're in a position
where we can almost buy a house without
a mortgage but that would be crazy so
we're taking at a very small more so
we're basically buying the house so the
only way you can get something nice to
try and do that is you
after I try and get something that's not
finished that has potential let me just
clarify though over here where we live
the case in Ireland you could buy a
freaking palace for the amount of money
it's like a crazy oh my god it we're not
even in London but like it's still just
so I knew how much money you would get a
spot or if you compare it to Ireland
like that's what I just keep comparing
it to how much like oh my god like in
Ireland you could buy like a small
village yeah like it's ridiculous but
anyway I'm not complaining right no I'm
not yelling but I'm just saying that
it's it's funny cuz you go into it
thinking like well this amount is a big
amount of money and then they're like
actually no it's not it will only get
you best and you're like oh but it is
someone gave me that money I could live
forever Amish
oh no apparently not so not in sorry
anyway so yeah it's fine moving to Wales
well this party more expensive still
than Ireland yeah probably
or made parts I'm thinking pork I'm not
thinking I'm thinking porn here okay
anyway so we're nearly there so how do
you know we're gonna be able to show you
anything because somebody else lives
there we'll see it's not a Z try and
show you I don't know we'll see
yeah but yeah we're just like it's like
a basement oh yes you get three houses
with this one how did you do suppose you
could do something with it it's towards
the door handling so we're on our way to
the next house and what to do you think
of the last one it's a cool house oh my
god why are you always so positive about
stuff that's just absolutely trap like
no no is the answer like I just don't
understand you you know what - no and
then you start with a positive there's
no positive okay
this house is like it's loads and loads
of line it's a kind of purity house but
yeah I like obviously you're always
gonna have to give and take
it's way out in the country but I also
think that's life after thrill
does look pretty pretty here down at all
these trees and stuff this is really
nice we are home and unless he is busy
you busy you busy you busy it much so
how did you like the country house it's
so much dreams like there's so much
potential everything was amazing
until we pulled into the house then it
all fell apart you know you can make
photographs drone footage videos you can
write this amazing spiel about oh
goodness
and then you go in and you're like oh
it's like dating you know is if you go
there and if the picture and person you
meet is like 10 years old
and it's taken like this so you can't
really tell but on the way home we went
to another little town and I found
another that had so I put in a call so
we didn't find the house today that
we're buying or maybe tomorrow tomorrow
maybe tomorrow is the day you guys tune
in tomorrow and and it could be even a
better day a retarder is gonna be one of
them what do you think unless yeah what
do you think who do you think huh you
know take everything out of all the
drawers and throw them on the floor huh
the kids are at Amelia's gone through
our toes rugby today cuz we had to go
age we lose play rugby today yeah what
you want this one know me to line them
all up here here you go here now
whatever you do don't make a mess
why boy you don't even need to buy your
kids toys thank you thank you equipment
she doesn't love her favorite thing is
to sit in my office and just like oh my
like you know they're all the cables and
all this stuff just like pulling them
out throwing them all over the floor the
other day she took my recycling bin
apart she really enjoyed that she really
got stuck into a recycling bin hmm right
going to collect the kids from rugby
can't believe none of those houses work
out today
you're so confident but I got put in a
call though and we're booked in tomorrow
to go see the house that I saw on the
way home which it's a period house it's
an Edwardian period house so in Eduardo
quite fitting that we live in a house in
mid-water diem oh all right Eduardo is
back from rugby can you say night-night
to everyone can you say night-night hey
can you say night so I'm just
oh my eyebrows so got them done today by
my hair is like gone really I swear it's
just the weather like when I step
outside when I step outside it just
unless he's heading to bed and I decided
to put her Christmas pajamas on so I
feel like she didn't really wear them
that much so excited about something you
know hate was youtuber there like I
really excited about something so I can
tell you guys an upcoming project I
can't tell you guys but I am there was
just let's just say there was a further
development in a future project
and that will be released in the next
coming months I don't know I don't know
how long but yeah just something
exciting happen today and I'm just I
can't wait to share with all of you and
I can't wait just yeah I just can't wait
for like the future and everything is
just it's a good day today was a good
day really good day and I had a few
really crap days this week more
specifically at the beginning of the
week I'm gonna have to go now because I
need to put her to bed
because she is hey hi can you say bye
bye sheee I don't think she's waved on
camera yet she doesn't know - everybody
- yeah can you say bye bye say bye bye
say bye bye less yeah bye - yeah bye bye
wave bye bye and can you say bye bye
she's confused
say bye bye less yeah yes yes bye bye
bye - yeah bye bye bye bye no you don't
want to cool okay so she's just never
gonna do anything on cute ever
she just build it in her own time I am
starving to death as well I really need
to eat cause last time I ate was like a
hundred years ago so I'm just gonna let
you know if that probably gonna
take a long time Jonathan Jonathan I'm
really hungry
Thanks tell him that you're home
