I want it all we need is each other
hello friends welcome to the video yes
new pink leggings abscissa winter it's
just some winter I tried to make summer
winter together so I put the some and
the earth together but then if you yeah
exactly
the win-win winner winner summer winter
to get a equals winner that's it's a
winner but if you put it the other way
around it equals summer Oh back up back
up hold up
it's the next episode okay don't even
gonna fit in there with the Bradley
Bradley jellies in why have you got all
the headphones you don't need all of
them right now put the head
it's raining it's pouring Jonathan it's
a little storm ring went to morning look
at Sheila's is look I got me all ripped
jeans all right check out this little
stylish look at this ripped jeans huh
she's so stylish Amelia huh
she can understand that that was Anna's
intro song I made for her like seventeen
hundred years ago this one bus or the
school bus if I party has on a media I'm
giving you a false sense of reality I'm
letting you believe that the world is
filled with Disney movies I probably
should make you watch
but attached itself in my legs you're
gonna step on my leg
Mike but that might hurt you right for
Sweeney's okay we actually actually
kicked the camera that time there you go
bananas go
are we gonna get the birdies right Oh No
so me and Eduardo off on an adventure do
you want to race to the car we have a
running race all right on your marks get
set
what's the car oh why don't one we're to
one point one to one one to one you
wanna get in the other side
she's shaking her over Emma
Annie hey Ella Sabella Fela Fela Fela
where's your umbrella fella what are you
you leave a key key you want to dare no
that one reserved ya know why does it in
what color is this one this blue one why
does it's in the blue one
what color's the Emilia's one hey pink
you know hey look when you look at pink
does it make you win yes you want to sit
back there now you're getting the boot
yeah when I was a kid I used to ride in
the boot are you ready are you ready are
you standing on the edge of your seat
he's out of the doorway the bullets rip
it why don't you have that Friday
feeling no I'm not putting on perky
ladies you and your sister and your
obsession with percolates perky yes
Hercules is not happening okay Hercules
is not happening
there is no perky lace
ah Amelia
do you like an every why don't you well
whose no press the button right so
Reuter then you don't pick them up yeah
I know you can I know you can that's the
problem you're faster runner okay we're
gonna cross the road rocky road rocky
road I know it's just too tall
I'll call you at two tall Tommy what
you're doing
we are the South going to enjoy the
ladder says don't enjoy London sir
boy let done Dada
dog
Oh
yo yo yo bro no bro no bro a joke ok
whoever gets it first gets the prize in
my pockets I don't know just you you're
gonna risk it okay I'm gonna show our
friends what the prize in the pocket is
oh they all saw it they seem pretty
excited everyone seems pretty excited by
it whoever's first in gets the present a
little peek one a little tiny peek okay
a little tiny piece okay that's it
that's too much you've seen too much
come on quickly you're gonna get the
prize if you were a popsicle guys what
flavor would you be
you'd be a chocolate popsicle and wider
what flavor popsicle would you be he'd
be mommy flavors leave me a comment
would you be I feel like I'm like
rhubarb you know what I mean it's like
some people love rhubarb but it's an
acquired taste
some people just hate rhubarb that's how
I feel
I'm rhubarb add a bit of custard boom
I'm like a I'm a meal we're making some
lunch lunch lunch
what should father have for lunch today
we should do musicals according Johnny's
episode sometime would that be fun okay
what did I put in my table when I put
some cheese in it oh well I was thinking
of having a bagel and maybe putting a
bit of chicken in it and a little bit of
cheese can I don't have to yeah but
that's why I want cheese
I already have cheese you see usually
when you make lunch you make things you
like you don't make things you don't
like because that would be right yeah
baby
right oh you have pudding for primary
schools right yeah oh you didn't want
banana did you say you don't wanna do
you say no benign there's no no bananas
anyway what happened in preschool today
what did you do did you have fun hey you
guys know well you didn't know because
I'm about to tell you and then you will
know unless you actually have watch this
put it before and it's your second night
watching this episode then you already
know that's not T okay that is what is
that sparked own liquid iron anyway
Amelia is graduating from school
Jeanneret nowadays they do a graduation
you graduating from I can't even seem
like that I could graduate from nursery
and going to preschool like like she
gets like a hat and a gown and
everything it's gonna be it's gonna be
crazy great training unit or your hot no
again does he know that we are on what
weeds get on your working never on okay
making the lunch see you guys on the
flippity-flop
no spoilers well I have the first
episode of my friendliest friends last
thought well I just said that I need
there's lots more to do but I just need
to get stuff up to get it going to
commit to doing it consistently and all
I tell yourself oh I think it's fun I
think it's kind of fun what we did
it's not like it's early days there's no
like fancy intros and all that kind of
stuff you know it's like the early days
of a channel it needs to like fine
figure out what it is and what it's
doing anyway
my hairs and noise upstairs and I
believe it was a little salad
No thank you I think it wired us up what
are you doing what are you doing
did you go into Amelia's room yeah yeah
did you I had you running because you're
running across hmm is that Tinkerbell
yeah look I think about yeah yeah yeah
what Donna decided it's just it's it's
honor that's it officially Johnny Johnny
no Papa eating sugar telling lies no
papa
where the word on your Papa all right we
have the first episode of the
friendliest friend doing okay but
everyone wants me to upload it so I
decided I'm gonna let you guys watch it
okay and if you guys think it's good
enough will upload it okay no don't just
press buttons don't just press buttons
Oh what are you doing what
oh why is this gun alright okay
there we go episode 1 guys so media be
brutally honest
did you like it did you like the video
you did this is what we call a travel
cuddle give us the traps do the traps
you cuddle him and I put leo travel
caudal all the way across the sky so
media can you explain to our friends
what time this is
you don't know did you go to band did
you get out of bed and come by fan
stairs this is well you see you're too
clever you're a clever clogs this is
down more downstairs in your room but
it's not on the ground floor and it's
supposing over basements there is a -
floor oh she's off
hey off where you going oh that's
downstairs thank you thank you for
clearing that up
we appreciate this extra information
right here we're giving our friends just
editing the vlog because what's
happening tomorrow bad Valley and I'm
gonna get my anger Emilia is doing a
recital in our local park tomorrow how
exciting d now it's gonna be our first
big public nature house enough to go to
the window please
playground and it's just next door next
to our house what's my pink house that's
amazing listen to me have you practiced
for tomorrow do you know all of your
moves
you're gonna show us in the Debus yeah
or should we save it for tomorrow that
is very good
so tomorrow it's like a local fair nuts
on and we were there last year
we were there last year was really cool
but yeah and it was a big stage gonna be
put up at Amelia and her ballet school
or the recital
well I'm really excited for that to
happen it it's already the next day and
it's already happened so hope you had a
good time Jenna it anyway come here mrs.
premier say goodbye to our friends good
night good night friends you know the my
cuddles and kisses ah it's very nice of
you to say that my friends cupcake get
out get out of town get off the bed
