I came to have it all my goodnes friends
first off good morning friends and
welcome to video situation presentation
and yes I'm still learning this coat the
box that just came by I don't even know
if I should show you something this
stuff or not
okay so this is part of the new channel
lemonade I think there's like 17 or 18
thousand subscribers yesterday's video I
was like lancers 2000 subscribers this
is mad I haven't even told you I have
you told you the name of the channel
like I haven't officially like launched
it or said anything about it I'm not
gonna show you
Oh what am i doing what am I doing with
my life you would see what I'm looking
at right now okay so not that way not
this not this one okay
you gotta think I'm a magnetized well
I'll show you these okay I'll see if I
can let me see okay this is is for
Amelia it's a lab coach for me why does
one okay so we're gonna go check to see
if he's actually fit on the kids because
look the smallest I could get was four
to six four to six I was like okay maybe
in the media but six no and then his
water there's no option to get I suppose
why would you have a two-year-old in a
lab I thought maybe they'd have some
Susan saying don't try and mom is my one
drop the terms he's get them embroider
himself with our names and stuff on them
as well first way let's go upstairs you
see if you kiddos did you did you see
the kids are having a picnic right now
that's okay okay let's go upstairs and
see what get the kids to wear these
thingies
that's where you guys hello everybody
yeah now when you do it leads to a
fashion show these are tested to see if
they fit you or not which what do you
want pick one which one is wider one
that's the hard one okay this is
anything meters one okay now we haven't
got your names on them yes man you look
like Doc McStuffins fix your arms I'll
fix your arms put your hands in mister
this is no no no when you're a lot of
rolling up here that's cool we got
safety goggles and stuff okay all right
professor why not okay go into the
kitchen show Helen have our luggages oh
come on oh you need that okay I took Oh
doctors huh
I've reached that point friends when it
is time to cut my hair it's kind of that
editing Charlotte I don't know what to
do it it but sides are going to be maybe
it madness
they're like speaking out sometimes oh
the Einstein look I've got a plan
I didn't ever apply that was just like
I'll just let it grow let it grow anyway
let's go me hair apparently he's gonna
make me look like Justin Bieber you know
and like tall like taller and bigger and
better yeah that's why I was right I can
do for you you call me a disaster I went
adjust to be where or it's going to
Joanie's he's my usual hairdresser man I
have your back where I've upgraded I
think I've got the blue the blue shirt
man this is the best part right here
it's already big that yeah I think it
looks better
oh no it said you might shave - into the
back of it though oh yeah
God is saying here mommy's gonna tiniest
party tonight did you notice that he got
a haircut no his hair I heard in my head
you see but first I must go and get my
phone repaired I found a place that
actually has the parts just stopped
functioning completely well it didn't
stop functioning it kept functioning
right but what was happening is that it
was calling people you know if i unlock
the phone it will just start to open
open up apps and it would just start
like calling people and connecting to
things and doing things and logging into
my bank and transferring money and
tweeting people I was like broken one
which I think that I think it's just
completely I don't know anymore
but this one is an iPhone 6
this is my 4 6 plus this one has only 12
or 10 gigs of memory on it and this one
at 128 gigs memory so I was unable to
transfer the data files into this one
because this one has too much entities
moss and then I end up with like a phone
that works but no phone numbers and no
apps or anything I can't do anything
with it
but hopefully oh I never got you dressed
no even going look this is where iPhone
looks like in the inside have you ever
wanted to know I'm hoping it's gonna be
working afterwards if not circle of it
is Falls a little bit it'll be his fault
if it works her Falls with doesn't work
I should check the matter repair your
phone while you wait right here wait
wait behind the line think that's really
saying that look she got one of these
screen protectors these guys right they
refurbish old phones guys look at the
thing oh my god
oh yeah hello at the 1980s there might
be snake they're bringing that snake
again you're asleep this tight bills
it'll be here if you build it they will
come
today's everything look at the
difference right that's the current
iPhone oh this thing was huge though
what what we'll be doing all right where
am I you know I like those guys are
really really nice so if you have a
broken iPhone right and they're not it's
not a good relationship branding I just
I just randomly google them came here
today it's given iPhone fix and so guys
it's just like that on and really really
nice so Google them XE I'll call you
okay check it out and you have a broken
phone they fix it for you on the spot
super fast love it let's go service
laughs ah the good copper service
I just go home they gave me one of the
phones right say hello hello hello do
you know that mommy and daddy used to
use this phone when they were released
tomorrow
hmm is it care did you know
motor rolling oh the aerial yeah you
have to pull the aerial oh oh my
goodness I was on our way house to
Tonya's dinner party but you look
amazing you look so good give me no not
like that for me everyday huh huh what
does time you get this and I don't you
guys gonna be bacon yeah before no
mm-hmm that's nice yes all right friends
so I just said it on Twitter there than
any other channel its friendliest
friends so youtube.com four-stroke
friendliest friends is the new Ciccone
Jolie's channel it's kind of gonna be
like a main channel you know and this is
just super word to say a main channel
cuz this flip through TV merged into the
Kony Jolie's and now friendliest friend
it's just gonna be a channel for like
formatted main channel self one you want
to immediate shoes new pup I feel like
Cinderella at the ball or Prince
Charming I'm working on a cartoon series
at the moment which is going to take
about six months to make right now
dinner party all right
some sort of a party with time yeah geez
oh geez
when in silent it's bad it wasn't a lot
of room to work with
it wasn't laughs alright alright I
believe a link top link down here
Freddie's friends please subscribe to it
I hope you guys enjoy it it's just
something I've wanted to do for a while
you know I wanted to work on animation
again I wanted to do a cartoon series
it's going to take months and months and
months for me to get that up and running
that's what let's get the Aqua space for
because I'm trying to set up an
animation studio I need to hire like
shaders and graphic designers and admin
people and that treating modelers and
like so much stuff has to be done to do
it but in the meantime I wanted to just
get up this channel up and running and
do just doing fun stuff but the key and
I mean like just like just doing fun
things you don't kind of like if you
like Saucony Jordi's it what I love
friendliest friend friendliest friends
cuz it's gonna be able to just do things
that at 8 o'clock daily vlogs have
limitations because they always have to
be made and delivered the next day we're
as friendly as friends won't have that
limitation so if I want to spend like a
week working on a video I can spend a
week working on it we can go places to
do it you know and then to produce much
better content I think anyway um thanks
down below please subscribe please
support me in my endeavor to have even
more fun with my kids you know hi we
plan on doing a science experiment we
have a choice
I don't wanna wear
okay Linda meantime wardo you play on
the iPad I'm gonna get your sister and
we're gonna have ourselves a bat time
what they spoke about watching her do
you know Mortimer is Mortimer thing of
yours No did you see Claire me play it
softly yeah yeah and she said she's
gonna be in your class
yeah she's my best friend now final you
spending a percent - I can have that
clemmy's my best friend and then use my
best friend and while it's my best
friend
it's very room for another best friend
you'd be like a daddy best friend
yeah yeah it's Mortimer your boss best
friend all right did you have fun making
videos reading today yeah I like kicking
the ball in there it's Billy one time
don't get old spoilers no spoilers all
right friends we're gonna go thank you
for watching today's video presentation
situation
get off this mall
but on my shoes when I'm with you Inka
nothing to lose well I'm so happy
