whoa no grass on us I guess but there is
tiny grasses I know I'm wearing this
again okay
yes I'll be wearing it forever I'm going
to live in it okay let's just do that
anyway I think we need an investigation
Amelia yeah magic rod into the how to
make a blue star what a business dog Oh
cuz you're not here cos you're good I
pick oh you're good is daddy good or is
daddy naughty that is naughty no we tell
our friends about our new channel on
YouTube our new shoulder or gonna do I
don't know no you don't spell that
because if I tell you the name of the
channel we'll tell everybody else so I
haven't told her
for hilarious ities all right friends
one later I wanted to do something fun
okay so we got sent this thing from the
government and it's about I think
because Eduardo was only brought to the
UK when he was like 2 months old or
something he was registered in the
system whereas the media wasn't received
as an assessment it's like a government
assessment of all kids at the same age
and ran two and a half but I thought
it'd be really fun right to do it i'm
philomon along obviously all the
personal parts about Eduardo I'm not
gonna put in as q3 age age and stage
questionnaire 27 months Eduardo are you
ready for your a sq3 test you ready to
find out first question is about
communication do you like to communicate
okay um Eduardo is dressed as a fairy
for this particular exercise so duardo
teddy
okay damar No can you get me your coat
where's-where's coat get wearing his
coat come on fairy can you get me your
coat Oh shoes okay hopefully flops you
won congratulations you passed the first
test
can you tell me what this is G a tree
yeah congratulations
who's that in that Emma Emma in New York
it's not
in New York it's a stock picture okay
let's move on
all right there mister okay we haven't
we haven't moved on to motor skills yet
I'm worried about your performance put
this book on the table boy you did it
congratulations again boom is that one
of the test wardo no okay humor is one
of upstairs come on let's go upstairs
whoa showing off show off show up okay
why don't one and stop stop I think the
churches are gonna say yeah do it again
one more time
yep both feet are leaving the ground at
the same time origination wheeze great
site for this one okay
don't mind the killer birds come on okay
now if mommy asked when she gets home
tell her we didn't go outside why don't
walk in the booth don't step in the poo
that was your right leg okay we try it
with our left leg use your left leg
oh okay that's good that's good ball
movement no can you kick it with this
foot can you kick over that foot yes
boom that was like a head five this is
good this is a tough one this is the
tough one
I doubt there might be a swimming
challenge but right now this is a tough
one wardo can you jump like a bunny I'm
gonna say you passed that I'm gonna say
you passed it
it's about jumping and traveling eduardo
can you open this door please can you
open this door here for tiny motion
open the door you got it that's exactly
what I can for a turning motion key
you don't need to open the door you know
you can open door congratulations this
one we're gonna need a marker and just
anything really to just draw on
Eduardo's masterpieces oh I need you to
draw a line for me okay tomorrow drop
wait but that's not even marker hold on
you know what this thing is
Oh again we kind of missed it yeah you
did
let's see you gonna do draw a straight
line nice one all right you solve that
one you know we have to pretend this is
a telephone can you talk in the
telephone who's there hello but you did
it you talked in the telephone oh this
is a complicated one okay I might this
might be too hard for him right but
let's see so this one he's not looking
this one goes in here okay all right why
no can you get that one back please can
you put that bone back where it belongs
you can fix her hair later just put her
back first then we can fix her hair come
on
put it away you're so close
can you put her in her place yeah yeah
yeah half point
I think someone's gotten distracted
they're playing with her hair
mm-hmm he stuck it wider I'd just like
to say congratulations you are a
two-year-old you are a two-year-old huh
high five
boom boom egde you want some lunch you
better break it is on if you sing me a
song yes
guys guys what
Philip II feel when I'm inside here I
can turn around
becoming the toilet is coming comet is
restoring the run it is coming the storm
it o is coming home right now good
timing
you ran over a box for Bucky where's
mommy when I was good timing
Oh mommy got her nails done you ran over
the boxes you pull their box in there
it's funny it's like there's an
emergency in to see I can see under sink
and wash and white doesn't move this you
princess princess big thanks you can
tell me in common
I didn't give a board meeting in here
yeah we didn't did I thought I think
it's like a conference about the future
of social media or something like that
should be exciting
I was fun to watch not in the state
night so we're heading through a date
night afterwards Nevison teas and
coffees to watch me perform on stage
stage Charlotte all right I better go
see you guys at work and we are finished
friends but it was viewed in here boy
was Wayne another Vivian here so we are
talking to get some food where we going
rock okay raka raka do did time let's
stop what elevator elevator closes he
loves we stay with the body like fashion
it didn't bring a full battery this
might be a short vlog all right we got
burgers from Byron Byron
we are back train running your car from
the rain this is not digging this Harvey
eyes we're gonna make it we're gonna
make it look sharp
let's strong we are back back back once
again again again to the light
especially lead and end
pathways I was raining when I committed
to live here right we first moved here
it was sunny all the time so I was like
ok ok we moved to the UK what happened
it's not violence anyway goodbye friends
