does the moon not know
it needs the Sun to shine illuminating
or its melancholy sadness down a friends
are hello friends we are back we are by
hand life is their presence
ok let's see what presents we got a few
prizes we got mommy's recharge to the
presence the suitcases where's all that
hold for door oh we watch the finale of
Game of Thrones done oh well oh nice
that's the wireless come back we won't
open your suitcase you wanna see a
present yes I order oh good CNBC CNBC
what oh I don't know I don't know who
was you as well-behaved me who was the
best behaved you see we have a little
kitty cat
huh with white oh well behaved ah
a dinosaur dragon a dragon Thor where's
who
you means this frozen game pencil Thank
You say justified Oh
it's an aeroplane what well that's it
for the moment let's get computers on we
need to get to work
we have God what time is it oh my
goodness it's a freckle pasta squish
well that unfound by the whole time oops
oops ladies I don't know Canadian time
is it is 1652 1652 lads
okay that gives us one hour and eight
minutes to magically get this video
uploaded and available we've got some
coffee
SmartWater and a granola bar we can do
this we have the power to do you just
like if you've watched this video at 60
thought right now this madness is right
now oh no way this is the next day no I
see guys I'm confused I I went to bed
two days ago
tacking three already confuse guys
what's the name alright she's up awaits
me battle beast battle beasts phone
beasts passport beasts okay
lettuce notice I didn't check the card
correctly because I never do and I only
have 800 Meg's a free rom left but it is
523 and we are rendering this bad boy is
522 daylight's today boom alright go do
that voodoo that you do so well
and hopefully make the video on live at
6 o'clock where
is it mildly fun okay he just jumped out
anyway it's like down there I think he's
long time there was a mouse in the house
just sitting there did you see him yeah
he's a little small little gray fella
the little brown one
ah there was a mouse who lived in our
house this little brown mouse digs in
the house his friend was named close
where's the gun
come back come back Anna is feeding all
the squirrels in the area all the birds
in the area are the mice in yeah yeah
the children in the area kids like their
new presents Presidente's oh you're not
he dropped or something I ran to you
something
I heard that tiny bit I can't I can't
I'm trying to avoid the Internet by the
way because I'm on the Game of Thrones
finale yet buddy everyone wants to tweet
about it yeah everyone there should be
rule no one is allowed talk about gates
you were like Fight Club first word of
that game thrones never talked about
Game of Thrones you never know what
season somebody's on you never know when
they've seen it but it's like the main
big finale so I saw tiny getting hurt or
something but look at me we're gonna
watch it in like incue hours hopefully
Iquitos goes you know they don't like to
sleep on Game of Thrones much it's their
game it's their thing is it you think oh
all right okay look at it Wireless you
choice I love your shooters right oh
yeah a picnic
oh and a trampoline we had a picnic on
the trampoline nah we had a picnic II
pick me Nikki oh and I got the video up
by the way on time what you probably
knew we can do
ah you're eating a booger okay
don't eat boogers don't get your finger
in there but flavor boogers yeah you can
open a buzzer shop Oh
Amelia's burgers huh hi can I have a I
have a bag of Amelia buggers please can
I get you just no no you do not get you
go to school two minutes and you read
and bugger
what is mommy out there I think mommy's
trying to catch a mouse then clothes who
lives and are you ready to be your
princess
would you like to be a princess you
could be a princess what would you like
to be a princess I think I've become a
knight
oh my goodness I seem to have found a
slipper hmm
there's a princess I wonder could it be
hers this is the worst lit production of
tactics dividing here worsening
production I found the shoe and I was
wondering did it belong to you now you
have a butt wait a second we're sitting
here having a standard for watching
Paul's video see Colonel London you see
that the mop already
they come cool huh maybe you and me
wardo will get an Aventador or a
hurricane and we'll go in the mob
already would that be true wit your
drink yeah you can bring your drink hang
them up all riding with you and bring my
drink - all right that's a deal you and
me are gonna do it maybe we'll do the
Cannonball Run let me so much fun am i
bread on my drink and your drink - yeah
okay
it's a deal it's gonna happen oh and my
laptop as well also I can help the blogs
so you can make the videos we're friends
you've comments let me know what do you
think you mean any water go on you know
there's a Cannonball Run in September in
Ireland
do you think mr. Yuri
huh how do you feel which way
laughs uh-oh
guys do over Gondor some changes made to
add wireless room room tour were no room
for check out this new wardrobe how nice
is this oh my goodness and then over
here Wireless change it hmm yeah one of
clothes and stuff it's so nice and then
this huh it word oh you need to get a
second one it says delicious we're
delicious we look at where those books
and all this books all right your level
aren't you mister so you can get your
books yourself yeah isn't that so cool
don't show me you pick up up there
there's all one's over here with his dad
matches the bed you deserve it yeah
we're gonna read the book clean that's
all the toys okay not really good huh
Oh Bucky in your bed okay okay okay
do you not be alarmed by Amelia crying
and screaming if you should hear that in
the background sometimes the monster
monster comes sometimes you might eat
your bunny
it's the bowl boy a monster okay
we're reading this one anyway it's going
to bad book because we're going to bed
it's a fitting book guys yeah and you
know mommy and daddy want to watch Game
of Thrones right and catch up and orange
is the new black so we have a very busy
night planned wardo mmm-hmm because it's
currently what like midday by my body
clock cycle situation yeah both The Sun
has dead
not long ago what's going on in this
room you can see a new are you
introducing the new cat everybody oh
what's the new cat's name oppai cheese
that's the peaches is it peaches or
patches Oh patches Oh
our new guest Iowa night night you and
mommy enjoy your story time I'll see you
guys later
oh is that new oh yeah no princess fun
yeah that's cool love it loves it all
right good night Minotaur quintesse you
are princess
they came from
so minute ago a meteor came down this is
a challenger I know she's like half
awake so I read her in her book and I
put her back to bed but she's determined
to come down during Game of Thrones I
think she's actually secretly a big game
of Thrones fan but either way it's
probably no best hey so on the plane I
watch this movie called race it's about
Jesse Owen in 1936 Olympics in Berlin it
was actually really good it was a really
good story Anna watch Zootopia Zootopia
I don't know wanted something when I
bought she just showed me a clip on
YouTube there of the slots they're so
funny well so how are you and then man
tells the joke I hope you seen in
Zootopia you check out yeah so under way
over I watched Zoolander 2 which I must
say is actually really good like it's as
good as cylinder 1 if you didn't I
didn't go to watch it cuz I thought like
yeah sometimes sequels are not the best
you know like the Dumb and Dumber thing
it wasn't that good but anyway yes you
don't know cheese it's really good and
some and then I watched the thing like
the superhero where he's kind of crazy I
can't think of it it's got Ryan Reynolds
and he's a superhero it's actually
hilariously funny 240 spits I thought if
you've seen the movie he's already put
just the guy from x-men a neat and it's
armless Poppaea that he pushes his
letter over the two arms are four feet
literally I love that light of the way
over in the plane that one anyway let's
go watch just waiting front of her she's
making some tea we're gonna give me
through him this bad boy yet so I'll see
you guys tomorrow I thought I'm just so
sad like and confused I'm tired so I
can't be held responsible for what I'm
actually saying right now I'm also my
head is getting very very tired holding
this
myself goodbye let's see where I can't
even reach the bank
hello morning now serve to go have to
sleep another flow are going stepping
out the door before you see my face
