boy settle down Nazi without you around
me world to me see the kiss make a dream
good morning friends we're in a car
Keltie here we are going so where is it
hollywood west hollywood i am excited to
see our little squid seeing i missed up
20 days time you're like oh no but they
don't seem to care that we left which is
probably a good thing is that it's
better like if you were stood there like
were you upset that we were gone
did you drive in the less noisy road
please don't even hear anything
at
we are in Beverly Hills Sunset Boulevard
I think or someone like that look at
this place here
okay somewhere in this building is where
we're going hey you won three titles in
this so this is like some really
exclusive special club called Soho has
we got sick you're sick you're smart
hundred percent sure we're now in a car
park you're not alleged to I'm here or
take pictures anything but I want to
show you guys to you
so saying this yeah this is all the
gleam we're all in the elevator stopping
party just leaving Soho heads now and
heading to the airport
hi his baggage is that word I didn't
realize your dad such a big heel
I know I couldn't do mine it's so hot
and we are at LAX mats we are flying to
Hawaii no we're not we got an emergency
what I go to Hawaii yeah let's do it
it's just digging this good of light
we're actually like ours Andy but
wanting to kind of stay with the team
because everyone else is leaving at the
same time you're like aw let's all go
together and with this chill in the
airport just to be here just to get it
over with I guess I got lost
it's the traffic getting here is insane
staying in the membrane fun country I'm
gonna go to Sun country where's little
country I want to go there
we're in the lounge ran into a couple of
lean machine yeah I'm we're getting some
food oh my goodness I'm sitting down
getting comfortable for an 11 hour
flight
look at our wallets cool wait you're in
a hotel and we're into a Disney shop
they're like oh we should probably go
there
Cody forgot now the plane is going to
take off in it so what about the CBN
seafood
we need to get the kids some presents
from wall singing believes so we need to
get some presents not immediate water
the future be watching it wasn't a
last-minute thing that we just picked up
in the airport we planned on shopping in
the airport all along wasn't it it was a
plan you thought what everyone knows
airport stuff huh buddies some toys some
butterscotch squares and look we got
some toys here
frog they actually like them frozen to
the rescue throws it to the rescue hot
little thing I always get into the
airplanes I think it water would like
airplanes like this thing we've got a
car a helicopter Air Force one place in
frozen Dalek SEC okay and we did one
thing for mr. man one camcorder - are we
all here we lost you
this is - we're looking for three and
then you're on four so it's this year
now first floor
officially last lads kids aren't getting
any presents all right we came back to
the people's made the lounge because we
are we miss understood how much longer
we had the way to is love the way
they're like two hours that's our thing
over there taking us home we just
arrived and it was taken bags there
there she is there likes start laying
there not the blue one doing what you
read one that's I'm just really anything
don't know if it is no nice fruit well
very tasty in this is where I'm here so
people better go before agents according
to UK time top three in the morning and
very different weapons
finally like a snake
look about jumpers I was freezing quote
I bought this thing looks like an alien
that is it matter whether I like it or
the partner oh it says I saw this
freezing and I saw it and now I love it
she took my favorite purchase ever time
it was random yeah
cleaning up and when I
as always if I wanna pay by the way
because you know how what is the thing
which Dodgers telling target best money
as you can
that's how much I mean you bought at the
airport all right let me get changed
into my these are like F jamas Virgin
video to get change into these guys for
my speedy slaves no I was going to end
this blog in here onboard plane but I
think I'm going to just keep this
rolling all the way to we get home
only decadence up and then the people be
confusing the dangling and then we'll
end it on that day which will be
tomorrow which would be actually the day
watching this today well I feel like
yeah we should be back instead of just
ending here on the plane and then
tomorrow we'll figure out some new kind
of action
good for you
we are actively USS or she was a source
you take that since angles
all right let's get the bags get the
cars get on the m25 hopefully beat the
traffic get back to the squid's do the
Hogs edit the videos let's see if we can
do all that in the next three hours hmm
hello car hello car hello fans hello
okay shhh
they stay cool so cool call the head not
that we are coming dogs are still up
those on holiday mode you guys ready for
this oh my goodness you know it's
hilarious Oh guys the vlog is gonna go
live show me yours this is actually
happening two hours before you watch
this video this is live we may see you
are dope
hello hello hello huh hello oh did you
miss me hmm mommy put a white Oh Oh
cousin what you don't care get a toy
love you miss you so much my little
princess oh we're in California alright
daddy has to quickly edit this really
say okay say save my friends Taizo write
a few tomorrow or today
