the money is fly again and mummy and
daddy are going to know
morning friends from Los Angeles
Ana's here an Esther and I just get a
huge workout right and I'm freezing now
if she kept turning down the
air-conditioner turning off the air
conditioning as I was going on crazy
buds oh my goodness they caught me look
I'm a mess I'm like festival so I feel
like we got some breakfast breakfast of
champions or it is fruiting I'm sure
it's going to look like right look at it
there let us eat some food and let's not
be a broody mood come if you did a crazy
workout it was only ten minutes but it
was like intense with intense ten
minutes yeah you're hardcore for minute
one before that cuz I thought I was just
gonna do for another like citizen 14s
give out the enzymes in you start I'm
refusing to start my workouts you're
going to be dancing and like I'm the one
that I do which hers like thirty minutes
so I knew I couldn't do that I was like
not do that but that's why I'm the guy
delivered food in the middle of it so
she can't you kept going she wrecked
into the batter which is in the toilet
like still going Chinese is really like
awesome do you want me to leave so your
wife's gone crazy all right
that's her hips of food ooh
steel-cut hello princess Amelia
kissa what America we're in California
no yeah hold on see let's look at the
windows
okay you see are you dropping at a
trampoline I saw you mopping up did you
clean up what the water on the
trampoline Oh with the towel good job
good job guys done we are up you're
dressed
we are going over to the convention half
dressed tota C's grams and it's cool you
never get to see it this year it's
changed to actually see the hotel a lot
more but we're going to head over with a
meeting with the YouTube people because
we're doing something cool today I'm
either you can talk about it
I don't know okay well look let's have
the meeting that's fine and a bird I'm
talking about what is my friend for
today my hanger honor
oh yeah it's a cool thing hopefully
we've not I might be able to tell you
about it at all but we may be able to
tell you that let's go to VidCon lads
that is a well as last night I had a
burger and fries right there oh yeah and
we down we all were I get it so we have
breakfast guys on the last day yeah
what's wrong way but in doing so look
guys it's big you can actually see it
behind us huh we're outside lads and
it's actually alright cuz it's really
cloudy today there is a chance of
meatballs all right let's go look all
the food trucks burger monster who wants
to go to Burger man first I got his
first time here what are the big gun be
there on the double
we should probably get a different boy
look at the Olaf in the pepper this is
what happens we walk past the shop
you're like we need to go in please go
ahead invite other peasants yeah oh we
got a fan yeah that's cool oh oh that's
a pony oh I love for duardo in or tdq
camera the robot well that and I've
tried on Star Wars before word him he
was when he having it although he is
like in the M the car so that he gosh
okay all right this is silly
we need to go we're gonna get some food
look we ran into you send help
we didn't get a cookie go upstairs in
the Instagram room the Facebook road
that was your transitions now I got a
cookie to make it the star book I got it
understand I was always there was a cake
as well there was a lot of stuff and it
like you mean
yes we are we are first getting we're
going to get this food here transitional
food it's very important very when I
will see Ali tonight at the dinner
if you remember where our place in
Orlando we could figure to go in with
Chile or day we went to Chili's again
now friends we have gone today basically
because it was the nearest place we just
basically left the Convention Center and
just kept walking until tanks until we
actually found somewhere to eat and then
we came up okay thank you
funny of I don't know I could have liked
everything
oh boy time keeps on going son second
win again I got some prime rib salad
thing and I got some moose apple and
chicken or something hungry I mean on
Tomic did my first Denny's meal I get it
so chips like chip sticks huh so Judy is
here with onna no kids
breath in a while and Ben she's here -
been a long time a long time we've got
no kids
I see matter if it loads again this time
we're in the United States we are your
your place and where we say I would say
lastly we're in the what you don't
listen to him
you ruined it she room a video
I'll green oh no blacks like Americana
yeah yeah thanks alright look at this
guy's we're in front check this hotel
she got a fancy fancy hotel we're all
roughing it across the road looking for
copies but look it is the jelly beans
look at the selection on I know they're
just normal jelly beans oh thanks you're
thanks we are going to head off to
Francesca's we're going to this YouTube
dinner thing which is on in about a half
an hour so those were last year's if the
maker party was in here
it's really cool Warren she was here is
if no no he won't he is we're all my
gosh
you can hi friends we are at the future
party and kicked off yet or were you're
coming to the party but looking at these
mai tais and you write in it a critical
what what you think is missing
definitely tequila yeah sweet oh yeah
pineapple you think wrong
trap my type oh oh I think there is a
bit of romance on that okay go and get
one who it is I got one client get one
do it do it does it take much one yeah I
know but I know it's really nice right
what just peer pressure and go peer
pressure
okay look slowly let you guys when I
heard her thinking about her look at
this stuff
oh my goodness grilled pineapple sliders
all right I got my fill I keep the
surfboards it's good all right
look at this got everything I just got
everything basically did you just get
everything come here come here come on
oh I found a doggy doggy
no Anna you're missing it
economy whistle he was he comes for
whistles oh oh oh he's coming I owe me
no good you saw Anna oh look at him he's
left no teaching party with us behind me
right
Anna she's made friends with the dog
owner she always inspires the dog she
makes page with the dog owner
let's go brother lower they just got a
little unexpected cuz you have to find
the doggy I was just telling her that we
I know it looks like deal that's what a
night yeah big funk our big boy and dog
yeah thank you think I was gonna like
Charlie fast like it is not that so just
the YouTube la dog mascot mascot it's so
cool I know you guys like you up oh are
you going at me for situation my blogs
in the back sing a song
girl band
yeah me too is my song is she alright
we're heading off to some other party
now at 71 studio or something I'm not
really sure but let's go winter tonight
we are here a studio something or other
I look at the stadium staying over there
that's cool to see that yeah the stadium
thing alright let's go to the Grove
yesterday I said and look at the stadium
thing that's probably la something
writer all right how do we get in I
wanna see if I could make it it turns it
Oh almost made it right we are back in
the hotel room with the YouTube pillows
and the silho pillows I'm a silly fellow
anyway friends this is crazy noise
another crazy day in the VidCon exciting
look I've got another growing like oh my
thing is tomorrow I'll probably get
another one they're going funny time I
get home gonna have like a cool fancy
bracelet anyway hope you enjoyed the
video did you guys check out the
livestream thing that we did earlier on
today if not if you missed it it should
still be sitting on the channel I think
yesterday anything is just called VidCon
alive
we probably did another one tomorrow
sometime who's kind of fun just like
walking around VidCon in any when I'm
saying it was like oh where should I go
next which I did town is like sure to
take a ride sure to take a last minute
just kind of walking around cuz I kind
of have access to everything so I was
just like oh yeah that's going here
let's go in the head it's going there
it's like a live interactive journey or
tour around the vid convention video
convention friends anyway goodnight
farewell have a nice day um tell someone
you love that you love them give your
last row row to me
and come back here tomorrow and will you
run can you feel me
