good morning even though this afternoon
it's hot well for maintenance this is in
the media's room I don't think she got
very far with her M my pad escapades on
that night yes she does get disciplined
for that no don't think for one minute
but we don't just pin them we do
yesterday
Alessa didn't feed at all all day except
for her morning feed which she always
takes because she's always starving in
the morning because she sleeps for like
12 hours she didn't feed she felt in the
morning and then hungry and I don't know
when she's ever gonna drop that because
I think I'm just changing and try not be
there's nothing in it what are we doing
then she usually feeds before her
morning nap it's only for a little bit
like she doesn't take in loads or
anything as much there was definitely
but I'm still doing that and she just
refused it ie my theory is that I was
wearing a really woolly jumper yesterday
and I don't think she likes the wool and
I think that was putting her off the
breastfeeding because every time she
came close to me it's like very like
scrap not scratchy but like yeah maybe
scratchy so I thought that was why so I
kind of thought nothing of it and then I
went to put down for her second nap and
again hi she wouldn't she wouldn't eat
she wouldn't take her milk and she eats
a lot as I said before I think she
probably eats the most of all of my
babies which is really funny because
she's the smallest one and I think she
dropped breastfeeding the quickest as
well like she floated down the quickest
so shouldn't feed at all during the day
really except for the morning ha ha
who's that in your room hey hey thank
you say
Sanna is mocking me for my culinary
delights friends okay please don't be
discussing warning what you see here
might disgust you but I am I have salmon
and cheese and sweet corn and I thought
that was really weird I don't know I
think if we're really nice make one of
these wraps guys I recommend it and then
see what you think see if it's nice look
what else has happened here the poor
Nevaeh novella we see let me see
Kaz oh it's so cute though
imagine all the dogs had like little
pigtails oh and a little update about
the crate experiment nobody pulled last
night
so I guess everyone it's it's solved
somehow due to the fact that nobody
pooped but everyone's really happy look
they just naturally titude ever gone
together
he's gone into his one there's always
someone in this crate thing if just
turned this into a bed for some reason
but they just naturally go in pairs
which is really cute look who's coming
with me on the school run I was like
getting ready to go I know it's raining
is horrible
it is storming right well apparently
there's a hurricane are there water
hurricane in France which I didn't
actually know about let's show how up to
date I am with current affairs sarcasm
I'm up to date and like celebrity stuff
which I really new stop reading like I
don't know why I read the TV and showbiz
sex it's like soul destroying that's
beside the point but I'm yeah so I was
getting ready to go Kiki and Yankers
over here
was looking up at me like I know like
can I come with me she's like and then
she's like jumped over so guilt oh she
loves the attention though
Bianca didn't want anything sure no you
can't sit as dangerous no no no no no
you sit there good girl and lay down sit
good girl yes you look at the camera
show your face no she's shy okay so I
have heated up my doughnut maker I'm so
scared I've jumped on this before I have
to say because it was a new machine
it's dank when I first take it took it
out of like just metal and like plastic
and stuff like burned plastic more than
metal I think and I just used this
coconut oil to like grease the pan and
then see you can use it for like cake
pops as well if you want to that's the
instructions there and then this is the
batter it's just this pack that I bought
and then I put in shook sugar and egg
I'm adding in some milk gradually now
put in some vanilla which wasn't in the
instructions but I just figured it would
go well you can make it dairy-free if
you want to but I decided not to because
I love butter and I just think butter
and baking is just the yummiest look how
they turned out they actually look so
good I'm just gonna put them on a plate
of sugar now and then I'm gonna make
some more because this is only 7 all
right look what Mommy has made oh my
goodness Eduardo this is what you bought
mommy for Christmas remember yeah okay
taste it tell us what do you think well
you have even taste the arrows like yeah
yeah what do you think come here to me
what do you think ed over Eddie give me
give me a review what it tastes like it
tastes like chocolate okay there's no
chocolate in it Eduardo so
it's like chocolate it's so cool in the
low thing I'm gonna try one pass it over
to the experts hmm you can tell us
Melbourne running in the rain oh my
goodness look at Eduardo there's a
swimming pool here I think we got a
swimming pool in the house don't jump in
it oh my goodness oh my goodness such a
monkey now your feet are gonna be wet
collect Amelia one second I drop you and
Amelia to your friends house and then I
never see you again oh I see I see
horsie horsie horsie horsie horsie did
did it did it oh hi guys said today I'm
gonna talk you true huh how to change a
baby's nappy oh my god I'm so excited so
this is my baby friend her name is
Olesya she's currently just giving me
some clever back rub mm-hmm thank you I
really okay thank you okay so first
thing you wanna do is give the baby's
nappy a good sniffer oneis oh yeah
smells like poop it's very important
that you do em you wear a nice
foundation and as you can see I think
I'm wearing eyeliner
and I've got a great tan and my hair is
good that's very very important when
changing a nappy okay so let's just go
ahead and get the new nappy don't mind
that hand
oh my ahead okay so we have the new Napa
drop and you're not be onto the baby yep
thank you it's my assistant um so we're
gonna have to go ahead and take him
there not be gonna take that Jim give me
give me that nappy give me that happy
we're having some technical difficulties
right now with the nappy okay
can you change yourself can you change
one at me oh no no no no no okay
the baby has got me the baby's got me
the people's got me I'm gonna need some
assistance here oh boy Oh
so I'm here today to show you all about
had a change but babies Neffe it's
really important to have beautiful hair
like mine
oh and changing a baby's nappy do you
have to poo poos no no no well that
escalated it quickly turned our full
breach I'm gonna show you but it was a
serious breach situation huh ain't no
one everywhere it went everywhere also
we need to change you so do you have any
preference and what you'd like to wear
this evening young lady
see that's how I feel but I'm just not
vocalizing it what are you doing what
are you doing what are you doing what
are you doing hello it is yeah did you
enjoy that meal lp1 your poops your
poops your poops yeah that's yeah
right I got the call I got the call look
at these two in solitary confinement
mm-hmm mm-hmm new rules right here no
fighting we should starting out with the
kids no just treat them one each you got
that look to you one can you feel that
execute pounds you just cold our patch
heads are falling off wait for the light
it was a bit delayed it was a bit
delayed guys oh you know what I was
talking about the other day when I was
like I've got such good news tomorrow
guys very exciting day super exciting
day with our project I see oh I don't
know I'm not sure how much you're gonna
be able to to share with you guys
tomorrow but I'm gonna try and I'm gonna
try and vlog some but I'm it's happening
guys it's actually happening we are
getting a house very soon it's all
coming together it's all it's all worked
out maybe it'll all just work out in the
end maybe that's how it works maybe it's
all supposed to just work at NAMM but
tomorrow another big step forward I
think what today was to be except for
but every day is a big set till our
process for tomorrow oh yeah huh guys
it's gonna be epic in the next few weeks
mate I feel like we might even we might
even move into our new house in next few
weeks maybe not but maybe maybe imagine
our new house new year new house and
this time I didn't forget I have my
shoes on
okay my children you look at it hello
we just saw her coming just no way oh oh
my goodness
Oh boys we're outside the Bailey's and
we're gonna go to Bailey's guys we're
gonna go to Bailey's for shaking it up
five weeks in a row we went to walk
among us yeah
I know we overdid it
yeah yeah yeah it's too exciting
brush William said he was too busy
tonight deny you guys here we go here we
go
special date night October Fagin eyes
right so we're back to old school in it
because we're not gonna walk it so we're
gonna old school antenna Anna wants us
to go to Cafe Rouge there was actually
Cafe Rouge in Birmingham beside the fish
baby swimming birmingham birmingham
birmingham birmingham and are you sure
the correct pronunciation oh thank you
anyway I know wants to go to Cafe Rouge
come on let's do it
Bonjour juniper got it done you took
Bell Anna and for vet who's juice Cola
is a Valentine's Day special
let's welcome to parity it's definitely
different
that's kind of nice that it it's
different look at this bike doctor
Frederico
this feels very I feel for your friends
is it feels different does it yeah was
it like I might get a break it to you
now and then you've said it that's what
I say this was going to because I wanted
a burger and chips I've been going
through this like chips craving stage
you know we use coaches tapes of him
eating chips chips burger his burger
burger burger his burger what's the food
sweet honest lovely greens and
everything and then over here it's just
four other burgers and chips stop war on
chips actually these are mine is love
and I got a mocktail which is
pomegranate and something else huh I'm
not doing try January or anything but I
am driving so I'm doing dry Wednesday
and as if by magic we were right home
and we're in bed no they make it smell
creamed up good meal cream dream that's
really disgusting don't you guys ever
call your dogs by your kids names
what is the funny thing right
whenever sometimes are giving it to Alby
I'll call him Eduardo right why not just
you yeah yeah yeah it was really funny
actually did yesterday morning we were
given exit I know is killed or the
evening yeah it was evening oh it was
hmm she's the evening cuz I remember um
Eduardo was parking in his gauge Eduardo
is biking in this cage
remember I'll booze barking eh and I was
just like getting so frustrated and I
was spooning at the ice-cream and
Eduardo was behind in defeat
and I was like hey like I found without
them and so much I'm like Eduardo or out
or something even called
Eduardo I'll be like boy I've never
called Xena Amelia
never I know I have started mm-hmm
Alessia and Bianca get I get them
muddled up and it's always Bianca
it's not like I think I think they I
call availeth yeah but it's the dog so
you give out you to Moe's now the
underlying cat bark the most attentive
comments let us know
do you ever confuse your animals which
are at kids made today when Bianca came
with me to pick up Eduardo mm-hmm I was
calling her kind of let see ya get ya
yeah yeah we'll leave your that little
tidbit of information let us know
friends and I'll see you later and good
night and thanks for stopping by and Oh
