good morning fans
city lights they shine so brightly when
I'm coming on to you
all I think about
good morning friends good morning good
morning we we is what help you you like
it it's mating milk or chocolaty what
are you saying
ah oh man would eat your poo poos Oh
what do you think weirdo hmm are you at
the playground no good mr. well mother
you pass it off oh I don't even like
begun
this is like a land or weather book
don't worry California's well alright
I'll get some suitcases which one should
we get that's enough
probably not oh this is my
that's time to vote it's time to vote
don't be left behind happy referendum
day oh my goodness so we are also
leaving the country today so basically
I'll place my vote
I will leave the country and I will come
back and you did the whole world might
be different maybe it'll be the same
said on Twitter Darrow was like you know
what regardless of the outcome whether
they vote remain or leave we're all in
this planet together so nothing's going
to change so I think it's really
important that we should all be nice to
each other
globally we have global neighbors we
have global friends you know we're all
sharing this planet there's no there we
no referendum to leave the planet
anytime soon maybe some data will
actually maybe my great-great grandkids
will be voting to leave planet Earth
move to Mars or maybe like leave the
solar system oh yeah
or something I don't know but anyway
right now that's not the case oh yeah
it'd be kind of interesting to fly back
home whenever we're going home I don't
even know I don't keep up to date with
these things I have a I have a diary a
Google interactive diary that lots of
other people manage for me and I
basically get my phone tells me where to
go what to do imagine a diary broke I
wouldn't know what to do like what
what's my name again what's my name
anyway
let's go this is it that's how we have
dinner
are you his nose
don't put immediate No Oh hide me kipper
gonna look for my oh my that's right oh
that's so cute we have a dress kind of
similar today no that's really kids not
like the opposite way or something you
got a dress hold on look I got local
mommy got my dress
so I'm jumping a muddy puddle action
going on here do the best jumper muddy
puddles Alexson go
nice nice guys except there's no puddles
Miko daddy has to go now he may cut off
Jesus do you love daddy yeah I'll miss
you guys have fun on your own a little
adventure okay please I know you are on
the jungle school goodbye
you are delicious what do you do now
goodbye little friends just like that
we're here or I realize my new shorts
so red shopping here in front of white
and it does what happened different
slope hello later party so this is an
elevator what else we pull this it's
always so hard after saying you know
it's really hard when leaving traveling
grab the kids but it's equally as hard
traveling with the kids so when you
travel with the kids can we enjoy it
because you're so stressed out with the
kids you travel without the kids you
can't enjoy because you're so upset and
missing kids it's like such a mind game
you know anyway they're off on their own
little adventure and we'll all meet back
see them again
they'll have their adventure and we'll
have our adventure you can have your
adventure but right now we're having a
short adventure my blog like this it
looks like we're traveling along like
we're traveling traveling I'll go on a
big big big big window it Texan our
travel oh no wonder what's next how oh
look what I'm gonna scope I hear it's
like you know the ticker tapes it's like
we're on holidays
Holly's room without virtue the language
chill in this thing wait this plane
it's over are now wearing glasses okay
let me have a up for the ball
that I get in fact this is why I play a
version like no just so nice I feel like
we've grown so much in the last year or
two I feel like I could almost be a
reviewer of Airlines you know whatever
is definitely my fav phase absolutely
freezing understand right now we're
gonna be here for next 12 hours our home
for next let us know what before I go
let me go change into my flying colors
and I am ready to fly comfortability all
right let's go
Oh
hi today we're at VidCon my chest is
here I'm going to try and get as idea
badges but Francesca has a nice driver's
license she looks kinda like her you
just kind of people okay it's okay don't
worry about it okay we're going to see
if you get on as ID that is when I come
to the parties so for the party bus yeah
it is like many hours later we party it
works by the way I got I got an idea
what add a pot but you should never do
that but anyway are we going to go you
do it I'll stand back
we have some hot chicks
hello I'm kind of definitely I got here
and from the noise at a party oh yeah
okay currently lost anyway I totally
forgot the vlog but like everyone was
there it was like really cool lots of
fun I got a burger got some fries and I
fell asleep
I gotta end this video as well that is
elevator yes okay thanks let's go to the
right okay I didn't work out very well
it's turning in to be a long one
I mean I was probably asleep I imagine
she fell asleep a long time ago
it is going to be a little bit short but
is mainly because we flee for 11 hours
and I haven't slept in no time it is
common law passes moving car party so
much fun time just like Maryland's mates
and stuff like that so I didn't vlog
bunch of I almost he was already want to
watch the party stuff and you ain't much
maybe now it ends up being a montage but
I'm trying to make there I'll probably
gonna make the videos for vodka
excuse me probably gonna make the little
video the video it's just a little bit
shorter over here just because the
Internet's likes so hard to also when
you're in good colleges like could you
imagine like this entire place of
thousands of like creators trying to
upload content so it's really hard to
get in turn so there might be a little
bit shorter but it's only for a couple
of days were in VidCon and then moving
back to norms Norman store opening
really comes to little pillows I know
you guys can see a bunch stay quiet
isn't that cool you cheap pillow one
sleep on that tonight actually all right
friends I'm getting out of here but I
will see you tomorrow I will see some of
you in real life on Saturday our meeting
great by the way is on Saturday I think
on your comment VidCon
I'll see you
you
