good morning oh we're going cold
the man is off the fix kill today for
reals
you are gonna walkies he's gonna know
walkies huh maybe an eva how lovely
really hi guys you're going as well come
on let's go
while cooking you can say hi to doggies
again top on today oh no I agree but ah
it's so cute
edamame yeah look at this little fella
here looks like Nala bite no none of
them bite they're all friendly doggies
Bobby can do a dummy our doggies gone by
look at those ones Emilia
they look like your doggies yu6 doggies
you just over here critter good she won
best puppy in the show
what hello remember me
probably not
join us go come on let's go is gonna be
cool
we're going on a nickel run new school
run Google and new and newest yo y'all
niggas gonna skip school in the school
run wait how do I even get here
do you remember the way what are you
doing this headphones on lies don't told
me um I know I'm going this is not a
song I stole me oh okay tell us the
story oh thanks
okay friends I'm an emotional mess oh I
did not expect that was gonna happen
right so I just weakened in right into
like the main lounge reception no it's
probably the assembly hall or something
I know what it was teacher maybe it was
a teacher room I don't know so we go in
and all the other kids are there for
their like first date today you know
today and they're talking about their
parent is cool and then em many teachers
are putting stickers on all the kids and
they're breaking them up into all their
different classes that they're going
into you know I was fine it was great
you know that the teachers in em and
then one by one you could see the EM
it's just coming and collecting the kids
you know and then slowly the room was
starting to empty and then teach came
over and kind of like call me drama home
ahan and you can tell she's kind of
nervous but excited and then I was like
okay and I was like okay you know this
is just normal she does this tree days a
week like this is this is normal this
happens all the time so I like I kind of
like hand her over and I'm like I'll see
you later
okay and then I see a walker at the door
and then I waited till she and then I
came back into the room and I went over
to the window and I was just watching
her walking away with the teacher you
know in like in a big school playground
or something and I was just like oh man
I'm suffer so like emotional I'm like
really happy for her that she's going
off to Vic school but the same time is
like feel like your old girl is like
growing up for something like no I
really can't believe all like sitting
here an emotional guy something like him
yeah when she crying almost I love me
you so much you know I just I just I
don't want her to go hey I wanted to
grow up I wanted to go ahead and grow
away but staying home I don't want her
to go hey I could wanted to stay is you
know it's like I guess that's the last
time with him or something like you know
I'm I'm a hobby for like she's running
let's go have such a fun day today did
you know I'm sitting in my car crying oh
man
having kids I got you just all over
again and water is gonna go to stupid
school oh man oh my goodness I'm such an
idiot just I love my kids so much
I'm sorry you guys eating chocolate
what's another I can hear you munching
rose there's no they go do you like me
yeah these are good yeah this is the
trickery bars for the kids these are
good like cashew nut ah this is from
Lucy oh thank you mm-hmm are they stuck
in the city what's the money we're stars
shimmering stars I'm going to beat you
and Mickey doodahs a birthing has
appealed have a hundred thousand
subscribers thank you oh my goodness
nation wait a minute it's my mom's cheer
she had five my inscriber I could just
carry on I look like I'm going to a pool
or something it's so rainy I'm still
just we render flip-flops how bad is it
oh no it's pretty bad - oh is it worse
than this yeah oh yeah I I kind of stay
over this side oh yeah you're right
under there okay
I like you in the barefoot scene now oh
my god if you just say that easy I don't
ever remember hmm stop
what girls carry choosing a book for us
to read because it's not time for
here so Minah came home it wasn't as
traumatic I was over it went to school
yeah I got the uniform if you guys
remember I assume you guys are still in
school your mic you get like a list of
uniforms and books and Sophie and heat
oh it's so cute I think I've I'm over it
now what okay
which one you want the or laughs one or
two rocky one
okay sit beside daddy can't see yourself
okay welcome to book club we are reading
pop-up peekaboo
what for okay who's that
Doki what does the duckie say ducky has
a doggy who likes to take a swim spesh
splashes blush can you find him
yeah there he is who's that don't know
where the dog easy Oh fun what forth
okay okay I will see you on the other
side don't this might be a terrible idea
or this might be a genius idea so look
as you can see the camera still works on
the phone but I haven't when you got
time ready to go and actually get it
fixed okay but I'm going somewhere
tomorrow and I kind of would like to
have the ability to take the selfie type
pictures so I'm thinking what if I or
just to break the glass around the
little edge of the camera thing there
and then would I fix the problem
it'll-it'll do it for the moment because
I need the camera tomorrow so I'm like
maybe it'll just work it's a sort of a
quick fix solution for a couple of days
until I get a chance to actually get
sitting repaired properly if you've ever
wonder what
here Oh one of them is a toolkit one of
them is full of technical stuff this is
the laptop that the vlogs began on when
I first started doing the vlog this is
the laptop I used because this is doing
the I got me to university with the
screen shattered and broke and then I
used to just plug this into the TV at
night and edit the blocks then just one
this was the second one that came true
in order Dell XPS system which didn't
last as long funny name I think I've got
some of those small micro screwdrivers
that I could use using a little hammer
or a little and a small hammers and I'm
using this screw here
okay we've shattered the glass even more
that was part of the plan to be able to
try and like take the glass out around
the camera it actually worked lads I
know because the screen is cracked so
it's getting really hard to be able to
tell that it's actually up that's
actually worked but um it actually has
gray so look we'll take a picture okay
let's take a picture make a funny face
and like there's a picture not a crack
or a scratch or anything on it how cool
is that huh I basically fixed my friend
facing camera with a hammer
all right you coming hey might as well
come yeah all right we are out we're at
a parent-teacher meeting for the for a
million school it was really cool to
meet all our teachers and all our
parents something I really feel like we
made the right decision with the Deaf
school as well
oh I was a very announce yourself stand
up don't you stood up there I was run
run run run run
okay over parking the taxi spot don't
tell any taxis or maybe someone will
think we are a taxi
let me just get the night safe key here
come the night say look I have the key
wonderful works amazing but I've
actually no idea what that is this is
the old school I'd say oh and it's
getting some money and you guys want
some money you can some comments I
random I just met her dog hello hello
Korean okay
hello three sadly she went into town to
get money ended up with a dog
hello Taurasi can go on a scooter he
doesn't touch these gentleman bits oh my
brush you see three times a week it was
more of a make-out session that was
literally the most random encounter ever
we're at the ATM we just met this guy
and his dog and like he was a what a
therapy to Patara territory bring so hot
yeah he cuddles on demand and like I was
so cute but that was just so random and
because we met at the ATM we were trying
to get out like far too much cash we
need to go to another ATM now because we
didn't get out and off just because
drive distracted but just hope you
enjoyed the video friends we must go
let's go and I will see you tomorrow and
I was going to sing a song to end blog
today don't worry
ma'am
what do you play at the end
kind of yeah yeah hello can you see my
face I'll step on out the door before
you see my face
