okay
what did I do you do yeah what no the
bird s got and Audi's here and I was
here but look at this guy's Guinness
World Record
you ready I never became this black bird
isn't that cool the war no no we didn't
kill how cool is this guys look at this
eye begins war record huh no door went
off and a courier community just handed
me this thing and I was like they should
be amazing and then your front the bow
is like on wait I was like wait what is
this can you swim record what is that
gonna be in the actual book you know
they actually release the book every
year oh yeah yeah I'm gonna have to
participants names or something it is so
cool guys
Francesca Ivan to the train station and
it is home it is sunny today yes sir
what media is officer me
I didn't realize who so I said here okay
see your friend jack in the back a be at
the train station
what do you want to go I know I'm gonna
go in an adventure with that the dad-e
adventure that you are to adventure oh
we want to bring Rapunzel on the
adventure okay
Oh daddy wardo Rapunzel adventure let's
do it
is this it's like a proper old bridge
looking at things cool just like a
proper are all we're very busy yeah let
me call my dad looking at the way
license ride
all my games you think it trained will
come by I don't stay here and wait for a
train to come but she like isn't totally
worth it what it how long would it be I
don't even know where I really am to be
100% honest but it would be amazing of a
train came by here while we're waiting
for possible train possibly
disappointment
Franchesca a view over because we've
been working on this project and it's
one of those really big ones that's
gonna take like probably about a year or
so no I can't tell you anything about it
but I just sometimes I like to
acknowledge on the vlogs when we're
doing stuff so when I look back up like
oh yeah that was a day just had an idea
a long time ago
that a year or so ago I came up with
this idea I thought like could we do
something like this and then we almost
didn't and it didn't happen and then it
almost happened and then we had a chat
and we're gonna this cartoonist he's by
here is this you can say oh okay so cars
fit on this bridge but yeah we kind of
cope with this idea should we do it and
yeah where was I so it didn't happen and
then I didn't really want to shelve the
idea I really wanted to do it and then a
couple of day or about a week ago two
weeks ago we were kind of going a
different direction and then I just saw
that we thought about it more and more
and then I was like I really want to do
this I don't like talking around in
circles here cuz let me know if a train
comes because I can't tell you guys
about it but we're starting a project
and it's gonna be about a year before
this project hoe and they all along the
way
in a couple of months apart to be able
to show you more maybe sooner than that
but this is just something I've wanted
to do for a long long time so it's not
wanted to do before before YouTube I
were talking
way back you know second year university
actually they were being honest is where
I kind of came up with this idea and
then I just never thought we could
actually do it so hopefully that's
coming soon hopefully a trains coming
soon too cute this is thank you it's
like it is so cool
look so much he'll it's oh that looks
cool isn't it do you guys think would
you live in a window or it's like I
wonder does it actually make Brad
Michael is it a functional windmill does
it mill the wind what you feel away now
you must be milling
delicious delicious okay yeah my name is
pink right is a flow again nice an item
date
get more dough
yep it's dream it it's dream it
oh yeah Oh balls wet now go right Oh get
it
it's you oh sorry I have to pay nicely
get it worked out
get it she's finished making dinner oh
nice listen Pope oh that's going oh hey
Bob go get a widow
get away though this is the euros
Ireland versus England in the final not
the neither of us are making the final
edge let's be honest what oh yeah I'm
playing okay miss teacher Amelia what
Jason yeah okay Oh watch out for the poo
and the water and the watery to start
the game
what's your fine y know you've had a
poopoo you did a poopoo hold on I think
water did a poopoo
you gotta do a poo check all clear all
clear no poo boots
we'll do a quick Q&A while we're here so
media a quick update what's your
favorite toy penny penguin hey did you
know that daddy won a world-record
attempt daddy got a Guinness World
Record
oh we're not gonna get it and show you
okay hold on a second back on one second
Poehler
I found it so dinners is my Guinness
World Record so when people ask you in
school tomorrow
oh yeah hey queer you learn tomorrow
these medias going for a full day a new
school tomorrow without mommy and daddy
so when they ask you to school tomorrow
okay what are you doing no don't think
just to pick it out of there you have to
leave specificity in here but when they
state you tomorrow like so well you know
tell me something about your mommy and
daddy you know well my daddy isn't no
Guinness World Book of Records yeah
isn't that cool I mean you think my
mommy will you say about your mommy's
ask you what leave a like I mean yeah
tell me about your daddy tell him what
would you say Amelia
what does your daddy do for a job what
does it daddy do it for a job and you
will say what does your daddy do for a
job he has a video does he make videos
oh that's really interesting do you like
that his videos yeah yes you like
helping daddy make his videos oh I bet
that he likes you playing with him yeah
daddy likes his job we don't know why
I'm in his voice feel that he likes his
job because he gets to play wedding
media all the time
best part of Betty's job I'm so happy I
had you you know that don't smell what
happens of ice yeah it's my lifestyle
anyway
Amelia's gonna big school tomorrow so I
better let you go to bed so you can go
to sleep okay I love you you love me
yes yes I'll see you in the morning for
the school run to get new stool at a
different time everything's changing
tomorrow lads all right fantasy
boyfriend
you
