good morning having a very impromptu
wait both of you to the starting line
stay over there hello yes
whoa all the way all the way through
establish this morning Eduardo isn't a
baby anymore why are you gonna lose the
race
he's definitely growing up because are
you saying yes come over here come over
here
okay as my firstborn daughter it'll be
your job to always be my best friend
okay
please understand that you'll always
have to be my best friend
from here if you're Mike whoa I mean II
don't want to ask me I don't want you
fast if you want to fast we'll go back
in time oh I don't know what happens if
you hop too fast you cannot jump under
bed he has a hilarious eto in his
lashing rain today but I'm going to try
my best life just try and get that GoPro
up and running so we can record
theodora's actions the or Cena I just
don't think it's gonna fit in anyone
else
do not show are you gonna Joe
oh is that some sort of a double flip
back flip around flippity-flop Oh wired
is calling us come on we gotta go whoa
guys it is a rainy situation isn't it
are you ready for a rainy day it's the
rainy day run what Hercules
can you percolate me some coffee ponies
on how about now listen very carefully
how about I don't you want perky lays on
well sing me a nice song and if it's
good enough I will put perky eyes on
what
oh wait one of the kids look let them
walk around okay oh wait no no I need to
get a dog hold on okay mister you have
been chosen you have been chosen so I'm
not a hundred percent sure how this is
gonna fit on you see oh let's just get
on him put this down here let's see we
can okey-dokey sister you look like some
sort of a rescue dogs so let us go it's
on record
okay hello huh all right now let's go
test it out Theodore I don't know what
actually is gonna look like go on go on
come on seal deal with cheese
baby in every way
say you
so Amelia got an owie no she was too
excited to see Dad weren't you yeah and
then she ran to me which was really cute
but then she fell on the way and lips
lips lips explode lips are the exploding
a part of bodies if you have a child you
know what I mean mm-hmm
and then y'all annoying yourself want
you got on your hands you got all over
that is close what it is dad
daddy's got them on him too oh well
don't give all your blood away okay keep
some for yourself you might need it okay
so I guess cuz Amelia got an owie
in particular home
just as I was connecting there she ran
over she was so excited to see me she
just got run over and it's like black
no kissing boys you hear me
that'll make it worse yeah well yeah
well what'll happen would you have for
lunch oh please go did you have a
pudding take me which is plain it's like
you know when you brush your hair it's
like you're brushing your lashes see
thank oh don't look in the mirror your
arms are so long do you like it you're
not gonna hear lip don't give yourself a
kiss can you consider it wider so inside
of my meeting is dinner but have you
guys watched the jungle book I have not
worth working fella
the original one so I haven't watched
the jungle book since I was a child and
I forgotten about it I didn't I confuse
the jungle booklet ours and I was
waiting for the monkeys to raise them
but it turns out the wolves I'm telling
the story
he dropped the baby off at the wolves
and I was like where's the monkeys don't
the monkeys raise him but no turns out
that car isn't but it's really sad what
are you giving it spoilers Thank You
vets
also let's give it Thrones night tonight
and tonight apparently if someone
actually tweeted me I was like no it's
not date night
I
get back
you win oh wow guys how could you guys
win you win a B start taking your things
okay just hang out here for a second
that's I looking for these pictures that
cool court in Sorrento I've seen a blog
post tomorrow what is that the sea have
you ever been under the sea can pick it
into our hands to chat
there a couple of years and for those
mr. alright everybody upstairs okay
Game of Thrones like lads Game of
Thrones Vice this starts with you guys
everyone threw me in his room it's the
only play Pavin what Oh stones all right
climb up the stones guys come on mom
clay off the phones what we're on a
mountain no no quickly oh yeah I said
you guys were coming to do this they're
not obviously they're coming later on in
the week yep well I think you need to
say goodnight to Eduardo Gallardo hugs
and kisses hugs and kisses good word oh
give your sister hugs and kisses please
I'll give you a hug he tried to he tried
to a party cool like you didn't care you
look like his Frank Frank in the wash
come on mr. shrink in the wash
I don't know if you guys saw this on
Anna's snapchat story I think she had
fainted but last night Amelia brought
Eduardo in music Oh doggy because she
was like I'm a big girl now
I don't need musical doggy anymore which
is really sad because it's the first
thing she ever got when Anna's mom's
friends gotta for us yeah before Amelia
was born it was like the first gift we
received for Amenia and then she always
had it when they travel yeah and she
gave it to Eduardo because she said that
a few days days isn't it how cute that
is
maybe it wardo some day huh if you have
a sister and a brother one day maybe you
can pass musical donkey on one dark and
windy day
he was a little snail he was on his way
Oh doggy friends Oh doggy friend
please do your pee pees and poos now for
Game of Thrones it shall be gone and I
do not want to be disturbed and I don't
own a gun oh wow I wouldn't shoot them I
would travel in this little pool right
here looky there sleep all yours in
airplane guys I think that could be a
plane to the last I'm trace and I'm
going to Los Angeles we're going to Los
Angeles in like in is a two days or one
day or three days or five days
no because five days when's VidCon on
what is going on
where are they Jenny you guys know
what's gonna ease to look if he's
getting here well well
oh gee you too Betty the bed so we're
going to Los Angeles una pay I looked it
up and it's like a hundred degrees
that's gonna be crazy
that's gonna be so what I really like
about VidCon is the parties because um
you know I've eaten is I've been in you
chew for like six years now right so
I've had friendships that spawned over
these six years but majority of those
friendships are in America where
youtubers that have been doing this for
as long as I have and only like very
seldom II do you ever get to spend time
together and at playlist and at VidCon
or stream fast or so I really enjoyed is
to go to like the parties and stuff like
that and just like forget the fact that
we all live so far away from each other
and then just like party like it's 1999
cheers member 1999 the Millennium book I
used to work for a gateway gateway as a
computer company and we were preparing
for the Millennium Vogue and remember we
all like Christmas holidays we're in for
a you know after Christmas you go back
to work for three or four days for New
Year's everyone was freaking out that
the millennium bug was gonna shut down
the world windows brought at a special
windows at Millennium version because
everyone's like oh no what's gonna
happen to zero it's nobody planned for
it spoiler everything was okay nothing
happened
twenty-one times 1999 anyway what am i
doing lads I have got games of Thrones
to watch that I have a pause there let's
have a pause there dan dan did attend
and dan dan dan dan tended to death come
on guys come on guys let's go inside
inside in to your home well done on your
GoPro
today very good job really appreciated
it I think next we need to do is need to
take them out of the content like I
gotta bring him somewhere with the GoPro
thing on and maybe nourish
get to narrate his store I'm telling you
we could do fun things we could do four
things six listen to me now
six GoPros huh see one with this six oh
my goodness that's I probably got an
Oscar nomination for I get the OL not
give him an all BAFTA an Oscar a Tony
what else is there
a Streamy shorty got a shorty Oh Eddie
what am I talking about like that's
that's lads and lassies come on pick
them up
