good morning friend get up this mom
but on my show when I'm with you
Rinka nothing to lose
well I'm so happy when I'm saying
when I wore him
like values day Amelia has a whole day
of school
exactly it is going to big school
terrain for her first day yeah yeah but
it's not it's not like her first a
proper day like some cabinet-level
fourth day this is like our first like
trial day yeah yeah
but we're really excited aren't we
you're a lucky girl
we are a lucky girl
are you ready for them the long run the
long I what the long I what are you
talking about each are you describing a
monster you are what we call in the
business a silly monkey is any monkey in
the air and a tree
going down mad friends I have to tell
you have half my Hewlett's addiction
which is taking over my life it's called
best fiends and I'm gonna show you what
happens okay
I'm currently on level 32 I spend all my
days doing it okay luckily you can see
here I've I've even invested in actually
getting myself some some cool old look
at it a job or attack level 200 whew I'm
gonna I'm gonna go job oh these must be
new
this game is dangerously addictive my
friends Danis a dick to put it so much
fun cuz you gotta like you gotta like
find a patterns and then you just like
oh boom that's how it's done
that's how it's done it's amazing right
I'm turning on level 32 you guys need to
go and check what level you can get all
the keys get to can't get to get the key
it's gotta get Sookie gotta get Sookie
Oh block me Oh
fill it up a little bit organs blue and
let's check out this this is gonna be a
monster
alright so number the keys that I
collected look you get the keys boom you
fly over here what's behind the magic
door what's behind the magic door what's
below the blue oh those guys are really
good to get that's better oh I've 32 all
right level 33 frozen his else care
anyway guys you check this game out I'm
gonna leave a link down below the game
is free download it in your phones and
then want to see what level you get it
I'm a level 33 look at this this is this
is my journey this is where my journey
began and lads bonus time tomorrow being
Father's Day best fiends there's a
special gift in the game so you need to
go get the game get the gift see if you
can beat my score if you do beat my
score tweet me let me know I'll be very
upset but I'll be proud of you but at
the same time I am now going this
and the rest of this day trying to beat
this game okay that's like going I was
cool
I know I you do painting all right what
did you draw me
oh thanks were know
so many times you've kind of not spotted
his affection it's gotten worse well
okay don't go too far
please
we are back in the car as Eduardo did
she look in your ear where though did
you find anything did you say there was
a brain in there no did you have fun in
dukakis okay so we got some oxy cotton
Malin cotton and stuff while a
prescription we're gonna fill it now for
Eduardo we have made an appointment to
see an ENT specialist because last time
has happened he remember we were in the
ER and everything so I figured like
there's a pattern here yeah we don't
want Mario he got worse do we know this
happen to my brother and he got promised
and Roberto went deaf for a few months
like it was pretty scary it's left
untreated so he could be fine but just
in case just in case we're gonna go get
you checked out properly mister there's
a bit of a pattern evolving and this
time we're trying to spot it like really
early because every time like you don't
really spot it until it gets really
worse in that case part of what I think
well we're right we brought her there
and it was like small sign through this
flaring up
poor little why though huh what little
order no let's go let's go and get some
medicines oh wait daddy forgot the
prescription ah back to the car back to
the car daddy daddy look it's right
there right there mister move in a
little bit guilt oh we're determined to
lose this hard Oh No that's a cool car
okay give me a hand ease
Clint let's go again let's try this
again
actually so the grounds of my dreams at
Martin's skit let's get a part of them
and replace the grass we're going to put
the grass anymore
so Pardo's just had a minion cake oh why
don't you just taken a minion cake don't
play with it it's the cake it's not a
toy you eat it huh
you eat it you want to eat it what do
you think mommy will say if I come home
with a minion cake that is a ladybug
yeah spider-man yeah what do you think I
would say if I write throw in a minion
cake winter would I be murdered when I
was younger I remember getting my dad
this kind of stuff right - dad rock
collection and stuff but like now that
I'm a dad that does not change dad
what's dad music there was no ordinary
voice I suppose it has operated a bit
the dad and your dad rock dad album rock
rock but actually that's pretty good
dad why don't you gonna get that good
choice right oh good choice
Oh what is that I got and it's gone
mommy done right oh oh oh what about it
boy hmm
what does a jeweler know does it make
noises whoa that looks cool isn't it
come on mr. bread rolls are medicine and
a toy what else do you need on a Friday
is it new school time whoo exciting you
want mommy and daddy to come I think
mommy will come too as well you know so
we can meet all your new friends yeah
that could be exciting yeah I'm excited
I mean it get our shoes on everybody
shoes on shoes on everybody
mm-hmm which ones oh that's a nice
choice um that is quick but I know blue
and gray traditionally probably don't go
together guys but I'm quite enjoying
these blue Tom's is that okay yeah and I
wear blue tongues were great is it
that's exactly what I just said a minute
ago do you know I mean yet this is
really like heartbreaking a little bit
for mom and dad if you know that she's
gonna be in skill five days a week I
feel like this is it's over
I know you're really happy about I'm
happy you're happy but mommy and dad
here gonna miss you all right this is it
when you have kids you think like oh
yeah they're your kids forever I'm not
not technically is it okay if I miss you
I will miss you find days a week Amelia
I don't feel like I even know you
anymore in its long days full days I
this time I can do stay in please that
you watch thank you I appreciate the
offer that's very nice of you
you know I mean you guys have parents I
have parents with all my parents but you
know what your home we got kids it's
just like mom I know I won on what on
the crew I wouldn't miss you and then in
a couple of months
Eduardo behind her water starting skills
I'm just gonna be like
charles's I don't want to do it myself I
think you need more babies meds 2020 is
a good number
yeah you a spider in your shoe oh come
on it's getting the cart we're just
waiting for Anna Authority enough for a
dilly dilly dallying where you going oh
it is mommy come on guys you don't have
be late first impressions you know it
were not made friends with the bin oh
the bear bin actually when I brought him
to stay and play as you were walking
through then he ran over to it he was
like baby already made friends that have
been what why don't silly part of a
friends of the bin all right we're gonna
go to school we see you guys in the flip
side he wasn't only a baby because
that's why he does it
see yonder Suzette's conference call
music :
Oh give me chicken nuggets and flutter
them in gravy
we make it eat there ain't no joke take
a minute look no easy yeah I got the
recipe oh are you a dinosaur too who can
do the best dinosaur impression Oh doing
of orange is the new black family family
mr. than me newbies lbto Nevaeh Xena
Bianca Oh Eduardo I'm doing me outro
what did I tell you
you
