good morning friends it's raining and it
water's going to softly - today ISM
they're going with you we especially
move along as you go along and sing my
little song pum pum pum - day and
started and it has begun did you bother
for the school yesterday yeah wait daddy
we go to school was it fun yeah yeah he
played with the blocks did you play with
Henry yeah a fly remember the fly so fly
land in the sandpit
I'm everyone table on the table
that was the best part not the trains
and not the fish the coloring in there
was a fish you know those two fishies
God's not Wayne Wagner they're all
waiting here you're waiting to go
a little morning crazy dance even softly
are you going too hard play hard play
you'll play hard work hard play hard
can we go too hard play with a soft play
or do you want to go to Daddy play daddy
play daddy pays crazy no it's crazy it
goes yeah yeah Eduardo the new slide are
you six right oh all right breakfast
time a little bit of this kind of time
and I think that I am feeling like let's
watch some tubes anyone upload home
Falls
yes these guys are hilarious guys you're
gonna be a known she's going to be a
storm
rainy and the storm so friend of ours
from Cork who moved to Surrey yeah
Surrey a few years ago no after us
I'm not sure she left at Woking went to
New York she went scorp and went to New
York we have to take our seats out she
has kiddos with her oh I know how to do
that how do you Wow I know did you jack
now what do you do well hold on second
one the blue one or the pink one can't
get these things mixed up okay so I that
true and then lift it over yeah well you
got a humbucker list in here as well we
go check see the bins have you taken do
you remember this quilty tracksuit I
haven't worn in so long
I found it in order forgot about and I
was like oh my oh my God look how wet it
plated it storm so much like it all come
wet in here this is nice and dry
thankfully hey I forgot I put this here
yesterday oh and I forgot this was here
200 Johnathan then you're such a silly
Billy huh silly Billy somebody gave us
this I think it was at one of the RSPCA
meetups I just thought was really cool
so I left the here in the gym because I
had this idea I don't know what's gonna
happen well I'm gonna try and make it
happen
so a long long long long time ago a long
long time ago I can still remember I had
this thing on my wall called subscriber
wall I don't know if anyone remembers it
right I had this like car like corkboard
so they call him a corkboard and when
people used to send stuff to our peel
box like art and stuff I used to like
hang it up and I thought it was I
thought was really cool
oh look at these other guys my dream is
coming together yes okay I have fun
making a video guys
we had big Wyatt and I was already
thinking about it recently and I was
like you know be cool um you know when
we move obviously we move into our new
house quick update on that I have put
everything on hold until after the
referendum results because I feel that
um there's it's going to have an impact
on heads prices and I do not want to be
in a deficit mortgage situation I'm
really afraid that's gonna happen so
everything's on hold till after break
breaks this protect protects us for
bridge eggs protect protects protects
protects any way yeah so make sure you
vote when we finally do get our house I
want to build well either build or
renovate an area where I can like build
like an office in the studio and stuff
to working but I was thinking how cool
would it be to have like a subscriber
wall again for like a room that's like
decked out with all like the stuff you
guys like so many arts because someone's
like this thing is so amazing it's so
good and I was like I'll be so coop you
know like we can like hang off all the
cool arts and stuff do you guys do I
don't know I couldn't be crazy
it could be ridiculous stupid silly idea
but I'm a ridiculous stupid person so
maybe maybe don't see things together
might be a good idea since we spoke last
Emilia Eduardo has turned into a little
girl Eduardo and I had a baby
busy day wait
one two I mean kids if we got how many
kids do we have here now is this sore
shaft see your shot hello see your
shadow I'm sorry every day just correct
me as well Jesse huh what's your little
name again - Harper pepper pepper pepper
she likes my boob
which one's the boobs you got nothing in
there for your harp huh the duardo do
you think do you like babies in media no
I get it Hartford names Hartford
prospered can you say Hartford
haha
hello ha ha careful yeah who is it white
oak is really tiny isn't she this is
anywhere play there are you you are like
irresolute Ark I guess a talk talk away
there say Thomas had a great
conversation what a difference you don't
know I couldn't until today's are like I
forgot oh yeah we just had a great
conversation a very high similar life in
new porn and a toddler is not have you
ever seen an electric car what we have
one of them where is the gun this is
ridiculous
it's going to be the death of our
children but it's really cool I know I
think I like her blip ah she okay we're
just 60 just observe I've done my hop in
sources have been dumped it all right
the media knows had to drive does she
all we need to hotwire hold on this is
how we Hotwire the cars okay oh my
goodness no way you've no clue
check it's got an engine noises
everything all right it's not manual
mode the top gears drive manual mode all
right go punch it push your foot put it
you gotta push your foot and hold in the
media steer steer stare okay don't drive
into the pool all right let go let go
let go let go let go let go let go let
go let go your foot you don't make the
noises see ya that's it stair stair
stairs here sorry shout what's happened
sir she looks terrified push foot
elgible don't steer just turn turn turn
sear stare stare oh is that buddy all
right
you cut out show me the card Oh dua
Carlo ah you guys pass friends hi you're
both from Ireland
hello everybody
hi Harley closer she-she-she your new
best friend
yeah I said yeah new best friend Deirdre
isn't she your sister
no your honor
oh you're the sister Eduardo's your
brother yeah could be good daddy hope
and everybody no
blows kiss ha ha ha ha
she's left us nuts he OD em daddy girly
its Eduardo came in a few minutes ago
and he said human really sad he's just
opens the door he walks in here kind of
his head down he just looks always like
Emilia is not my best friend anymore
because you know like we do you do that
when you're a kid like cuz I don't know
sir she and Eduardo de same age but
Emilia has claimed her as her best
friend
it was the so cute though so great to
play with them huh what what photo right
that doggy
yeah
I would this actually drive me if I were
to sit on it what well no we've never
tested it out actually
hold on let's turn it around all right
press this button we need to take the
chair out of here this is where the
battery goes guys okay daddy's gonna see
if daddy can drive the car okay Oh God
all right now I got my foot in alright
here we go ready guys hey that's fine
now daddy drives the car
a little better went wrong guys oh I was
reversing guys you need to see this this
is amazing I'm selling my car is the
same that is it
while later everyone home immediately
want you to move me to poplar
oh you have
I'll see none oh they're out there
Rosina is this the one where the doggies
eat the pasta and spaghetti yeah they
get married
I think it's lady in the Tramp hmm you
guys enjoy your movie in your popcorn
and your Maltesers supplement rose bush
mrs. Justin come here children are in
bed hopefully asleep guys but look I've
been waiting all week for this but I
thought it was tonight but look it's 11
hours away I really thought I was gonna
be on tonight so 11 hours and for so
basically tomorrow morning orange is the
new black new season starts so you
should watch that if you're big fan
buttocks 11 hours the two will start
down here about to like sit here for the
next like 15 hours or something watching
it it turns out we now half the way in
under 12 hours I'm excited for the show
hello it's nighttime right away what a
night I couldn't think of something much
trending is I'm really cold blood it's
the night time it's the right time food
in flight I'm very sure anyway I forgot
to end the video I kind of thought I did
and then I realized I didn't and then I
felt bad that I didn't have a proper
sending off I said a goodbye and a
farewell so that very well a wiedersehen
go BA hi I'd like to stay but I can't so
my face on every page of every play
very well what my name
very likes I want to sing for you
tonight
