you
you had Coco Puffs morning plan morning
friends we were off on it didn't it
looks like it's a better than school run
well last night me I was showing son not
signs cuz he features before interns
that you didn't have chickenpox but I'm
not in her school but in swimming um
they're a couple of kids have chickenpox
so she may be an epoxy but 100% sure
because last time we talked you had
shaken box we were sure of it and it
turned out it wasn't it didn't escalate
yeah thing about and going to the
doctors is that they don't actually win
their children you can't actually bring
him we're not gonna be different for
everyone else's but right here are we
writing the doctors never like look and
if it trials chickenpox it's a highly
contagious thing it's fine for kids but
if an older person or a weaker person
gets chickenpox it's dangerous so you
can't bring them in to the GP t haven't
checked out so they just hang over the
phone so the doctor called over the
phone and like try to diagnose her and
he's a yep sounds like chickenpox but
I'm like you're basing that off me
telling you I think she has chickenpox
yeah sounds like shaken box so now I
guess we're just gonna have to wait and
see if it develops into pop delicious so
we'll give her a day or two and see what
happens hello come on let's go
but today is an important day in media
isn't it
what is this monkey
mmm-hmm what of it are we ready for that
chicken popper a chicken pock race
somebody is gonna listening in to mommy
and daddy's conversation this morning
about the pox deliciousness Thank You
Parker wishes for you babe
I don't think I have the chicken pox I
don't think I have chicken pox Boston
check the box it for you babe
it'll be good dogs you just get it and
then her noir dough or all like couldn't
even close over he got said boom that's
what you want you want to get it away
when I was a kid my mom had a chicken
pox party so all of us were trapped as
soon as my elder sister my other sister
rubes got chicken pox from school we
were all like oh sure and locked in a
room with her to get infected huh what
did you use anyway let us go to school
like a fool
you haven't got a sergeant to bring no
careful don't lose your glasses
uh-huh it's a special day today
I can't govern the world Elizabeth it's
quietly hey what's happening after
school is your new teacher coming today
from your new school
exciting you do look amazing
I look so glowing
our mattresses flip-flops that's the
plan if it's actually bit different
we're 100 years they might be famous -
 - not from - so Lucy is that 96
tears and subscribers already the link
down below do it six times No
oh my god if you do it you got one of
those look we have to meet every degree
we're rewarding them thank you my dream
is my thanks guys it's a dream didn't
come on the green lads and then after
that you get the gold one oh yeah
Christmas you rent it what is that how
many is that is my job so wired oh the
Builder has been busy this morning are
you making London Bridge yeah
make sure London Bridge doesn't fall
down okay can you make London Victoria
as well for me please because that will
be handy I don't usually go to London
Bridge chain station oh you wanna make
another break is it a clothing bridge so
when I've had sight pain the workout is
he I went out with their faeces because
it's lovely and sunny and then swing
crazy storm comes along look how did you
see it was soaked everywhere I had to
run back in my bare feet in the rain huh
this is water where's this cuz he falls
over lunch
wardo the Builder can he fix it what
yeah
or the balls comin up it was fine enough
I know okay drop drop up a good hot
given given given given given just
climbing climbing climbing climbing okay
I love you today oh my goodness yeah oh
it's only water if only we knew all
right hop in Jessie let me see if I can
do it from here did you have fun you all
your friends call daddy mr. nobody mr.
pancake what a good collector is always
a little posse of kids in there I think
I know mr. nobody I think I always like
respondent how's the phone with them I
wouldn't mind twenty kids it would be a
lot of fun dinner time would be crazy
but it would be a lot of fun with this
yeah she huh you telling your teachers
me Wow Amelia school teachers coming yes
oh yeah today's your assessment day you
might ask you a test okay we will
practice the test last night and I
batted me yeah you and I asked you all
the questions and I figured shoot us and
you passed with flying colors Madeira
even your brother was amazing did you
know Eduardo is going to school today
yeah here's actually now take your seats
we must convince our journey yeah that's
the fun of that's not to seek young lady
young lady let's go outside getting us
Pete what are you doing we're gonna be
late huh dad cuckoo everything you put
yourself in and I'm gonna reach back
okay
so so so quick before you get back I
will but no no I'm gonna lift this up
get it ah you turn here like this
lean back we got this team what all
about teamwork
okay but sing together dictator teamwork
okay but soon theater
yeah now slide it into the thing
keep the slots oh we got this things
annoy oh we did it
oh yeah okay
lead me on rest okay let us go
everything is getting wedding I don't
like it
she doesn't want it in her face because
it might be a little disgraceful the
train tracks are a bumpy the camera are
we ready for school
are we ready for school mr. delicious
hmm mr. delicious what aah
someone's got to calm Oh what is my cell
phone in my room
hey didn't your teacher just come here a
few minutes ago yeah didn't you make her
place cakes and pies and dinner you're
gonna eliminate yeah all right that's up
you later school
all right mister you ready hmm
the do run run run the do run run
where's is why they're going way to go
to school yeah alright let's bring you
our skill obviously friends
I shall not bring you but we will see
you on the other side welcome to the
other side
welcome to the other side
that's statement watch us carry me we're
gonna watch a scary movie
oh did you do to pay by thing you need
to get the college let's get the colored
guys we need code breakers we're going
to watch the conjuring too I think we've
seen the conjuring one not really sure a
lot of horror movies are a little bit
the same then I was over here but I'm
excited
slide it it's gonna be scary cuz like
they may ask you for ID are there you go
17600 could you guys want to pay for our
parking just dead sorta said and to say
yesterday seven or seven forty eight and
a half very very quick change all
Jaime's inside and they open and ready
for a quick bake all right we got a
sneaky Jamie's in thank you for being
quick and proficient yep this way its
way friends okay we're gonna make it
well we might miss the trailers that's
okay now my time ticket app or my phone
what did we make it a movie
give it lets give it that Ciccone Jolie
stars at a 10450 we gave one extra one
moment i jumped like a little girl
what he was leaning in I was like oh my
goodness but the rest of it I was like
plus everybody calm down
literally everyone's like one in another
cinema like who's who at one moment
right the guy in the movie was like
walking with a flashlight right and
someone sitting in the cinema had their
phone I don't know I got a phone call
but just jumped up and ran in the cinema
it added it was like a flash I was
flicking in the movie like boom boom
boom boom I think everything was like ah
it's a 14 seconds
ya know me is anyway I go watch it I
feed my in the last two minutes of it I
remember the first one anyway in that
room I was like oh yeah probably gonna
make more than because the way it ended
anyway
no spoilers I think you should watch it
you know we met some friends in the
lobby and they were gonna watch Mother's
Day yeah and I was like but it's
Father's Day
no you are I hope you I hope your choice
as well and I was trying to convince him
to come see the conjuring and said but
when it was afraid of movies aren't
afraid of army looks intently afraid of
movies I wake up in the middle right
yeah yeah she that's yeah she facing her
fears yeah oh my goodness okay goodbye
friends I hope today was an enjoyable
situation for you take away friends -
big smile
that one living them can you feel man
