ah good morning can you say good morning
do you want to give my phone's where's
mommy's phone hello
I swear she can open things she has
faced times other moms in the school if
you guys follow me on Twitter or
Instagram when I ran to me like like
some random tweet or Instagram that you
don't think that I would generally like
it's probably Alessia oh thank you
okay thank you and s yeah can you give
mommy kiss can I have a kiss dad yeah I
know after her milk in the morning she
always says Dada like straight away yeah
number one pet peeve of the morning time
is when I get ready to come down and
sorta have the other kids
again I've already changed a pill but
yesterday what can you love it then take
care of it what can you do
can't do we are on our way to collect
Eduardo Jonathan's driving and then
we're actually gonna go straight head
straight to pick up some dog crate
because I think we're gonna separate
three lots of dogs from now on just
because it gets really really hard when
like one of them gets sick in the night
or like has our poos in the bed or
whatever to establish who it is because
obviously if they're all in there is
actually two crates but we made it all
one but if they're all in one crate it
doesn't help us off like you literally
don't know who it is and someone is
pulling overnight and they don't know
who it is we split them laughs well we
split them up into two as we split the
crates because they are actually two
separate crates into two and then we've
established that one great it's one
group of dogs so like one group of three
but I still need to whittle it down
because I'm not gonna bring like all six
to that but it's just been a process of
elimination and it's so hard because
they could talk yeah because they all
have short hair now
so she because they just got groomed
like reefs fairly recently and so their
tails and like their bums and everything
are cleaned so I don't know who it is
I'm just like and it's not even diarrhea
anymore it was the beginning house is
normal now it's just normal poo but I'm
just like who
you okay so which one are you so
sometimes I'll be just wants to be on
his own yeah he does like and then
sometimes like well Sina likes being
with lots of other dogs it's not funny
you like being hey maybe your love thing
he's like I like being on my own I like
my own company but you like company of
others I don't like anyone else except
for you
Jenny like you like what is it a tank
whenever the thing is like you like you
around people I'm more like I like
people given time I don't want company
of like just any random ER has to be
some like has for you or like the kids
or something you know well yeah it's not
funny now being seen are the same that
is hilarious okay we are at the pet shop
right we're also at Halfords Eduardo is
here with us Eduardo are you prepared
and ready you know as Eduardo ready yeah
this is Eduardo shoy everything when you
are dough and the other one are you
ready yeah we're gonna get rabbit she's
a she's bailed on us Eduardo because it
was raining we were taking too long okay
okay go inside inside run oh no no no no
no no no oh maybe she wanted eats front
of them like a cute they are
you know Eduardo
do you think the dogs need a monkey okay
we're looking for a crate oh alright I
think we have the one here like two door
full you're not great small yeah get a
trolley all right we got on our beds or
crates now we need beds for them all
down here alright three beds three
mattresses always like that wasn't it
we just brought him into his shop and
said like which one do you want and
walked around rumor it was in like
Greenwich or something and he just
jumped into that one okey dokey is
everybody now shall we check out the new
beds huh what well there's a new little
bed so we need to move all this stuff
here Oh yummy are these for me
Wow imagine there was no doggy's Eduardo
look how much space they would be so
keep like Walker in here if we wanted to
or to remember that time when we moved
in and we were like we'll just leave
that kitchen there for the moment and
we'll figure out we'll do it later
four years later the kitchen is still
here uh but no more Eduardo no more cake
and no more kitchen in the kitchen all
right I think there's gonna be some
changes around here folks
yeah no Eduardo we're gonna stay here
her face when she leaves though when he
leaves look she's looking for him now
you want some water drink you're so cute
Eduardo dad yeah
the seagulls crying in my jeans over ice
cream cones draw to the sound and all
the castles that we paid
to wash away the same way as the boy
he's a man
-
clouded memories
so
line
come on
we can echo
hi I'm Bobby Bobby Bobby Steen so Amelia
has gotten I don't even know what it is
lip gloss or something
your new lip gloss that is now nose
glass eye glass smashing glass I hope
that I shadow oh wait you've used lip
gloss and you've read used it as wow you
may look in a mirror you lunatic okay I
mean it has escalated the situation
stage that movie probably big what is
this if you put on a face mask or
something does it feel nice yeah like
this there one okay maybe we should take
it off I know but in media nice yeah
exactly it's burning your eyes get into
the action come on okay we're having a
bit of a problem here it's um it's not
it's not coming off do not touch mommy's
towel they just put something in there
it's sinking watch a minute yeah this is
a face cleaning makeup removing white
Kamiya and it's not removing it because
maybe no I think you're going to look
like this forever
what party okay we've escalated the
situation
yeah you're now going to turn back into
a human hopefully or you can turn into
Santa Claus or something okay is this
what happens oh boy you're trouble
tonight we will have noodles chicken
noodles unless amelia survived we
managed to get most of her face
unfortunately it water let me see your
face oh boy mister oh boy
thanks VLSC it does not have any thing
on her you know
don't brilliant you know we get a lot of
comments about this line unless yeah you
can see it why let me see you you can t
see and wardo only when he gets in the
Sun or I know you can see he has yeah
but you didn't get it huh but it's a
little thing that happens for their
birth canal or something
are you introduced in the new experiment
no I think they're all quite happy to
Smalley's two Biggie's mom and dad yeah
wha well these are the two small fries
these are the two medium fries and this
is mom and dad and this is Amelia and
Eduardo and this is Alessi
job these two little monkeys love this
French book meaning they've had it for
years it was so reason they just really
liked this French book you think you're
so funny little friend cheese huh
Bonjour
Ilsa pal Amelia says she is marche de
julio Kostabi Donna Kunis sometimes we
read the book separately I really wanted
a book today the other day she she did
her homework in the car on the way home
because she was feeling like left out
cuz it media tends to do her homework
reading at night and Eduardo always gets
meaning once book and homework he's not
right for he's decided that we're going
to be very good tonight are we not the
best start
