hello morning now it's time to go after
sleeping on the floor I going slipping
out the door before you see my fish not
slipping on the door before you see my
fish good morning friends
good morning Amelia good morning it were
delicious
he's on the phone very busy they got
hats this morning guys
do you know that today I didn't even
know everyone was tweeting me and I was
like oh my goodness I totally forgot
today yeah he's a Nana is the vlog
anniversary that means today is year
seven day one I think that's a
scientific experiment see because it
does I think it does change you and you
do actually look back and think wow did
you see what you did one entire year of
our lives
hopefully crap Oh leo did you have
come on
during the fight all right we good
get a mini real painting using something
like this yeah they can be you love it
Wow friends did you forget good morning
family happy seven years me yeah
there's the exact face that I would make
myself okay seven years
that's just dishes ridiculous leave
comments let me know when did you join
the journey Hema long have you been here
you know I can't you check in the
community subscriber settings it tells
me he's a long list subscriber we should
actually check that actually later on
today someone remind me oh yeah let me
know when did you get it how many years
are you in or months or weeks or hours
or days it's your first video hey you're
seven years late so you're four hmm no
I'm sorry you're three and a half so I
can close my eyes underwater now oh wow
Rapids industry now if you can go
choices or water can can I ever walk the
water can you now I got him do not -
you're not a number that's it why no you
tell them you don't conform to society a
ways of forcing a number on you you're
more than a number Eduardo Babu
yeah what do you like to cut out holiday
I would okay then
first up a cute boy cozy yep yeah I is
that all you need and then we notice of
all day yeah but we don't need shoes
because because it's only a feet
Hanukkah oh to be holiday oh yeah get
jobs
Oh flip-flops okay so he zipped lots a
warm cozy jumper and a fedora hat and we
are set
- saying hello to you for the seventh
year yeah seven year they won season
seven or year 7 or ever you want to call
it I know it's not much of a alby's kind
of get on the journey boy Albie is in
every single video he's the only dog
it's right not though the dream again
Oh pray not oh yeah I know now if you
are traveling himself but I'll be the
only dog scenic came halfway to year one
forever she had name is either there she
is
and they all scrambled in the year three
mad well I suppose we should go for the
ten you can't stop at seven then I can
have my kid I can have ten year on
YouTube like a ten-year thank you
well just that's my dog seven years
didn't even notice it like
oh did you have fun it swimming today
did you did you put your face under the
water you put your eyes into the water
as well
show daddy your underwater face mines
are this my lanky what no you have to
see I have to see show me if you are
mermaid what would be your mermaid name
that yeah
sir gotcha what would be my mermaid name
if I was a mermaid
oh boy now mate boy mermaid name what
would that be he'll cut ya for Katja no
for cut for Katja hello I'm a merman
called focaccia this is my friend what's
your name remind me friend for catchy
Ella for Katja and pocket yella ooh we
have nice names don't we nice names for
catchy Ella and forgot yeah you getting
some lunch
look no I have a doughnut
nothing but I've spent today editing
this video you guys enjoyed this video
yesterday it's very telling was
interesting Oh Mike and finding all
those old links and stuff on another bed
these are amazing these are amazing
flame baked mini crackers chopped am i
shouting I think I might be shouting oh
well I made that text message beds but
seriously I've been just making this
video pretty much all the live long day
that's what I've been doing all the live
long day today friends kids been off
doing things and is going to get her
nails done
or her hair done she's getting something
done and yeah it's I want to try and get
infinite I just feel like this was like
a one-time video but I wanted to put
like a proper effort into it to tell you
guys all that kind of stuff I'll be I'm
really interested to see what kind of
response you guys leave this is before
the video see that videos here it's not
even finished yet so I haven't read or
seen in your comment so I don't know I
am I'm I feel I feel like you guys have
our back that is honestly how I feel you
know there was a time um you know
somewhere in the middle of this video
when I was talking about just before we
left Ireland and we moved over here I
felt like you guys didn't have our back
you know I don't know I'm not being um
um disrespectful for you guys who have
had our back for the last eight years
seven woo but you know sometimes um the
troll people can shout way louder and
then the other people and you know and
you just get these like get the sense
that like everybody doesn't like you and
you don't even know why you're doing
what you're doing but over the last year
or so of meeting so many people are in
the world and I feel like we're in a
good place
I feel like we're in a good place I feel
like you and me our relationship is
really strong it's really good I feel
like the vlogs I feel like I lost
control for a while and now I've got
back control that's how I can make this
video feel good about making this video
because I feel like I have control again
of my videos I feel good
let's keep on loan I can't stop at Savin
lads I have to go to ten sorry you got
to put opening for three more years
minimum then we get to ten I'll be a
liar what twenty the door went off but
I got a big balloon really what is this
backpack it's all my goodness
is it your balloon wardo are you six
he's right oh six huh hey look it's six
o'clock and the balloon says six lots of
sixes do you love it yeah oh yeah
what boy I know let's go check guys what
do you guess is inside this box
look at this oh my goodness
from the galaxy team I love galaxies
ripples
oh my various ripples are amazing thank
you galaxy team from a galaxy not too
far away
nice one mate that's if you got look at
this someone said them swim things I've
never seen this it's like soon jackets
we got a koala we got to make a thing
off the letters to read from you guys
it's like a Ferrari thing but it has
like fragrance building Twitter
something kids have slams within cherry
right fights some mortar stuff in here
we got a Theodore he always in one of
these boxes another calmest radius it's
like she come from Australia order come
from a person oh cool it's for reading
oh look at the word oh no I thought it
was like hardcore words don't mean how
cute is she she looks like you
hmm and wardo is a minion you a minion
wardo yeah and a dolly are they friends
look at this guy somebody got the cookie
with Billy bear book oh my goodness it's
so funny that's what IQ side to side
and it's actually from my my universe
that I used to go she ate one informant
the alumni university is my alumni book
and it's making some dyndns nice like
chili
no more like hard I'm feeling ballot
chillin a is chillin A's just invented
something I'm sure getting there we
haven't been sent in actually months to
be understand look at the watches oh wow
alright let's watch some food and eat
some TV
hi friends it's bedtime and bad time and
beyond time we read in this new book
this hello hola fuck that we got from
the p.o box it says turkey sparkly
stickers inside word oh yeah 30 sparkly
stickers inside yeah so yesterday all
items good tennis you can see yesterday
we got a huge order on all new furniture
for guardo's room you can see behind me
new stuff I haven't finished building it
yet there you go Hey oh but we're
getting that hurry blow but like his
entire room over there it's just full
cuz normally we were over there we were
in a book time we've had to move because
words getting a whole new wardrobe
Oh literally not clothes just like a
whole new wardrobe Chester drawers to
trash the drawers wardrobe changing
table key chain from table who told me
to read this in what kind of voice would
you like tonight do you want a silly one
do you want a scary one do you want a
happy one or do you want a lady voice oh
well which one fine Elsa made us snowman
to play with when she was a little girl
Elsa and Anna called the Snowman hola
years later Elsa used her magical powers
to really make Olaf come to life
yeah Anna is all grown up Dale yeah Olaf
meet Anna Kristoff and Sven it's the
musical version No
oh you have a secret her cow Amelia has
come because she has a secret what is
this secret you haven't yet whisper in
my ear yeah what Wow you ring show you
show our friend Zoe oh nice ring may
neck became a little box let's go there
paper is golden paper it's only for big
sister but it's like for this way oh
sorry sorry sorry
there we go can you see now why about
fighting over camera time okay well
we're all here let's take away to our
friends my friends thanks for watching
today's video
okay tomorrow
you
