Oh
you
Oh finger all I do you know how we oh oh
oh
anyway where are we going yeah where are
we off to
Eduardo's going to school today
and at my pink house of because urban
media come to my house and see me
uh-uh poopoo of PP and I I bought it
mister
we have to go dropping me at the school
you gonna go to school already to let
you go yet okay no no no you will be sad
guys yeah we really gotta leave yet so P
neat
let's get a rain hooked
I ordered him
are you ready for that school run it's a
Monday morning it's the middle of June
most people are off school free school
never ends
don't be confused with the trends
preschool doesn't ever end by the way I
see people say now down our estimating
on school holidays right not preschool
which you probably don't remember ever
going to preschool but um it never ends
it's all year round Hercules Hercules
driving off blue or destiny I fear it's
going to just turn on and start playing
now are you always decide watch this
Hercules before school good so I was
that flicking through the comments day
this morning and you know sometimes
rumors and things start about me or my
family because sometimes people would
say something and then maybe left
unchecked you know and then I don't
really want to make these videos about
me responding to like rumors or
questions because ever since getting
suppose the term is popular on YouTube
people try to Finland eyes you you have
to be like a bad person because lots if
you don't watch your videos hello mister
not sure what's going on here so I
decided why don't I just sit here and
one time only
let's talk about all the rumors so I
started making videos
little short YouTube videos that were
like little animations and little fun
things I was Betty just white and purple
the cool a deal don't make number and
then put money into that and nobody
watched them about 50 videos later I was
walking Albie up Killiney Hill and I
decided I was gonna do a follow me
around video that's what my vlogs were
called before vlogs became like vlogs
they were like follow me around videos
people really liked it they were like
that's so cool like I decided that I was
gonna start making these videos like
everyday for a week you can watch that
baby as the first Ciccone enjoy this
video enjoy the day one it's called and
for the first few years of doing this it
was just basically vlogs about my life
and you know my girlfriend who had a
YouTube channel would sometimes appear
in my videos you know or sometimes I be
like hmm if I put an ax on a thumbnail
I'll probably get more views also at the
time I had a full-time job I get up in
the morning and I would vlog a little
bit drive to work meh not go into the
studio and I do some work and I come out
and I lunch break so try and sneakily oh
I do little clips and then go home and
then see Anna and then I pet Alby and
then we go across the mountain point
because we live in Jacobs Island so I go
into my point and I would try and vlog
some stuff to try and get some pho
titles for you guys one day myself and
Anna were sitting in her mom's kitchen
and I don't know how it started but the
idea of marriage her broached it and
then we just sort of like you know
agreed let's get married
this whole time I was like I wish like I
got to do I feel like I cheated because
I didn't do the proposal thing I didn't
like properly like do the whole thing
and I was like I can get - I did his
property I scraped the better bit of
cash I went to his jewelers I bought
this piece of glass showing me glass you
guys seen the video post on I did it
properly felt much better by myself went
on got married then one day Anna said
Jonathan I would like to have a baby
I had just figured out how to actually
manage my own life
nothing long being responsible for
another human being so I wouldn't know
that we had viola sure a little bit of
convincing bribery so on and so forth we
got pregnant I bought this like little
cheapo pregnancy was in 99p euro cents
my trance and it was like whenever I get
my hands on it brought it home um I went
up the stairs
a hundred and one blocking away thinking
like oh yeah guys cool yeah here you go
good luck you know she closed the door
goes inside oh my god this is funny a
nice blog that she comes at Dora's being
positive pregnancy thing and I'm just
like so I ended the video that cuz I was
like oh we just leave it as the
cliffhanger as anyway we just won't talk
about it and cuz like I need to call my
mom I need to call I need to tell people
were pregnant before I tell the internet
were pregnant then you wait next date
video went up and everyone went crazy
because we didn't tell them and then the
day after that I was actually sick so
that vlog was just me basically me being
sick so we didn't like follow up on it
cuz they may think about it and then
everyone just and that was like my first
sort of experience with trolling like
people people hated me and I was like
why the day we went in to have our baby
we never told you guys what actually
happened that day but as we arrived in
the hospital you know their hospital
management team at us and they had like
a union people and nurses management
people and you have to go into this
boardroom and and explain ourselves what
what what the hell are we doing that is
what you want to do the day you're about
to have your first baby but they're all
these rules and don't do this don't
breath you can't do this interactive
that you know as we went up you know did
our thing had the baby and then the next
day we're in our ward room wait a minute
and the same ones people came back in
but you know they just gave us a hug and
like sorry no like look we just didn't
know and it was a beautiful video you
created and you know we just we just
didn't know what you were doing two
weeks later we're driving home from
Anna's mom's house and being the parent
of your first child makes you a hyper
paranoid delusional crazy person and
only people with children will
understand that we only have a meeting
about two weeks so we're two weeks
parents and I said something to mediate
she doesn't respond Sarah looks back at
her you know I'm not driving on and
she's like oh I mean it's not responsive
Mia it may have Anna's like some sort of
that she did some sort of a ninja
jujitsu move she's like woman I'm like
what Freddie she feit coming at me she's
in the back of the thing she's like
unbuckling Emilia's dang she's like oh
yeah I'm not I'm not a big panikker I'm
normally like the calm one but this is
just this was crazy I was like what god
I'd like kick open the door run to the
back I open the door I lean in and write
what's going on I looked at meters opens
rise just looking at me like on moms
crazy she's just a deep sleeper but we
didn't we didn't really know immediate
out well but you can't help but just
like oh hey you know weird like
afterwards you're like oh my goodness
for such idiots
I mean anything kinda said it on the
vlog that we were driving back to the
house you said in the flock and then
began the crazy that's still today
people I hear I hear that again we're
like oh that time Amelia I was
unconscious or died or Amelia has
seizures or and all this stuff and like
you guys know media she's perfectly fine
shortly after that we moved from the
house because there was this internet
forum that decided that it was a good
idea to post our address that's a good
idea that's post their address with the
newborn baby people are coming to the
house and it's just getting crazy so we
moved to another house it didn't take
long before of course the forum or like
hey let's post their next address and
then after posting the next address we
start getting more hate mail and more
stuff that comes at a house well during
the time we went on this cruise and
somebody came and like
on his new car which is like really sad
you know and they left all this like
hateful mail in our house you know and
then after that like we put up CCTV
cameras and then they start putting
doing true to post so it's got these
letters and there's this car that came
once and it was like I'm going to like
come into your house and like rape your
children and murder your wife or
something like this is coming from a
forum they're getting my home address
from this forum that's polishing my home
address so they know where I live and
now you're sending me car singing or
trap me like it's crazy so I got after
please I'm like getting them involved
I'm like this is crazy people you know
and then next thing they start saying oh
no he broke the car that's what happened
today is this new I probably
shouldn't
in hindsight I've actually shared the
picture of the car bros
I was angry I was annoyed yeah I mean I
wanted an event late and I did and it
was probably mistake but I did it anyway
it happened but that's the story of the
card situation
so shortly after that we decided that we
were going to move to the UK everything
was cool at the start um shortly after
that I think the mile friendly forum
excuse me Hercules decided to publish
once again our address and then sort of
told everybody where you could go to
harass bully and basically troll so it
started with the planning department
first off they were called because we
put up you know that wooden fence that I
have there I put that up so the kids
could like play in the garden we're here
to object a giant wall the the wall of
the north to keep the wildlings out Ohio
a what and then you come in it like
where's the wall and then they look at
the little small wooden fence and
they're like Oh seems bit odd
doesn't it next comes the RSPCA oh my
goodness these dogs are living in
destitute and disorder and the poor
little guy isn't oh my goodness near
like where where are these animals we
must save them oh geez Oh dead there
tada
Oh next thing Child Services get
involved child services started to
receive um gifts and screenshots and
videos of these shows and living and
destitute and follow my goodness oh my
goodness I like any child services
agency out there they have to
investigate it because they're like is
this for real is this serious you know
so they contact us and they're like ah
you know we're not we're not opening a
case because we don't wanna what's going
on here but is this for real
hop in for the win
is it really you need to get a dog step
so already ready ready
big big dogs dogs ha ok new big color
win enough room for the doggies that
also has a doggy step yeah ok so we made
an appointment and we had a meeting with
social services and we just kind of
explained it and what we're doing and
you know about the trolling and what
people were saying and stuff by that we
were open to sort of coming up with a
solution that meant that I didn't want
their time being wasted because that's
what was happening people were
contacting them and you know to me they
have an obligation to like you know
investigate every single claim because
it's important you know children's
welfare is important but not to waste
time you know so now we have a sort of
an open relationship with them where you
know they accept the claims and is just
look at them and in a dinner thing you
understand what we're doing and you know
as I look at a viable claim versus
someone who's just trying to troll it's
just trying to get out us and ruin our
lives are our local MPs have been
contacted swimming clubs I think on
dancing club a Laker everything that the
kids have been involved in every of
every friendship we've ever met it's
like this virus that exists that is just
coming out of everything we do our
commercial relationships our annulation
our friendships are working everything
it's like losers everybody can be an
idiot sometimes and everybody can say
things sometimes and I didn't train to
become the person I am or to have this
audience you guys like me because I'm
just me you know and then the same
reason sometimes I say things which
might upset people like when I made that
joke about um drugging Anna
and then suddenly it just spiraled out
of control and I was like oh my goodness
it's just a funny joke and like everyone
thought it was funny and then some
people just I offended people I was like
oh my goodness and then I taught I
deleted the video I donated a large
amount of money to a charity as sort of
an apology and then his punishment to
myself and martyr destroyed ads there's
no scripts just no strategies just no
plans I had no plan for that maybe
yesterday or what I'm gonna do tomorrow
I was just dropping me in school this
morning and this just popped into my
head and I was thinking about it and I
ended up making this whole video it's
amazing that like when I was younger and
I was going through some crap
I would watch Saucony Jolie's when I was
over and I was in relationships I were
to watch the Kony Jolie's when I had my
first baby where Amelia and I wanted to
know what other people are doing I would
watch the Kony Jolie's right now married
with children i watch the Kony Jolie's
because I just think it's it's a good
it's a good video thing you know I don't
I don't know why people make up so many
rumors about it and stuff you know
that's the story I hope you've learned
something from it I hope you've enjoyed
this video hopefully you'll come back
you
