good morning peepees morning PP friends
who's gonna be who's my favorite PP
friends so daddy is going to be the
playground this morning
hey did you like magic world gym no you
managed speedy recovery
what no no no delicious delicious and
nutritious
Oh dad licious and nikisha's oh um I
don't want this one ducky you donkey
he's your doggy here isn't it she has
six real dogs six with white small dogs
now she's a toy he's gonna hit you don't
get your sister yeah exactly and diverse
has some of the greatest conflicts in
our history have begun you hit me I'll
hit you back
that's my cakes Sunday tradition hi big
time
and as a beautiful girl sometimes
doesn't real rather she forgot to the
beautiful girl you are hmm
oh my beautiful life you're a beautiful
life just doesn't believe herself
sometimes sometimes
even yourself
whoa this is us getting work done
are we getting work done mister no no we
are not
no we are not if it's a rainy day
happens on rainy days heads what happens
under a need a boy oh boy
Oh careful Oh careful okay first of all
I just like to say you guys look so cool
okay here we go whoa everywhere we go
people always asked us who we are where
do we come from and we always tell them
where's the Cory's always mighty minds
Tony George body moisture very guys
which country is going to win the euros
I don't know well why can't you you
think she live Ireland and Ireland gonna
win probably not England
probably not I got past younger town we
got a power my hands are growing trees
still and we'll hit shit um would you
will you pay me back the pound okay you
can have it as credit it can be your
first credit agreement okay you're on
the system
now be careful you'll get a court order
if you don't pay us you have to pay it
back in 30 days all right whoa what did
you guys go in pants 60 times at one
point are these golden pounds yeah I
know boy Oh in one coin is like a dollar
bill Oh Joe my money got to have it come
here okay you don't need to kids get out
of town you don't definitely no
forbidden sharpies are the bane of my
life
give it up don't you try to quickly ROI
on something you know thankfully just
got cleaned right this is still runes
but only my better so this is the danger
driving in our boat boat driving in a
boat boat
don't forget the float flow cos if you
don't float in your boat you stink dude
bottom eat my crap stinky crap poo in
your face your shark comes along and you
look like a space floating in my boat
boat floating in my boat oh don't forget
your fill
oh we arena boat boat if you're wanting
don't float you might turn into Sally
poo go as you can tell lots lots has
been done today lads
it's the various professions day ever
and so it's so productive and
professional you see me I do see you
yeah there were three in the bed and the
little one said roll over roll over
Oh a second they all rolled over Daddy
bail out huh lemme call the doctor and
the doctor said no more monkeys jumping
on the bed
you
what's my favorite color my favorite
color is Eduardo color we got a good
spot
we got a kiddo spot it was so charming
someone was pulling a door just people
in look at these two cuties a bunch of
cuties
all right everyone remember we're in dee
dee green d that means e oh I don't want
to walk I'm gonna walk with a big boy
oh we got hair reserved for parents with
children I'm a parent I have two
children definitely that my undies all
right step up oh you don't walk up an
escalator guys but you don't walk up an
escalator that's against escalation
rules
oh but the situation was going to
escalate there all right I gotta bring
you are over there isn't at the store
but looking have one in our cars look a
little uh cool
oh I see a cool Colorado
the car with no engine guys for the
engine oh wait did you buy me this free
did you get this fat for daddy for
Father's Day did you get that for me you
got that for me why do I don't want me a
car guys yeah what he did you just stand
up in his soul yeah oh my god how cool
would that be
someday do that for me okay surprise me
I know but it's my car why artists have
you got it for me yeah
Yogi's on you did you see did you use
the keys let me get into my car let me
get into my car I mean yeah water puts
it happy birthday friend into a Mexican
restaurant
Ola Ola Ola
Gold El Paso
all right so I'm not sure what came into
play when trying to get Jamie's it was
like a 20 30 minute way what's up - I
was like ooh Jamie Mikey what's up oh
girl don't even here now this is gun
gladden came here like I'm gonna be bad
everybody needed Salt I changed my life
has been changed ever since you and I
know and I got soft
New York I think we find that meeting so
good I didn't even know that existed and
now I got set with it so but I also got
cucumber juice you get used to media or
media got special juice which is not not
a fan of do you know did you try it for
the taste like music flowers on the
Eleazar Kara guardo I know you love the
Disney Princesses exactly there comes a
time in your life that you need to be
introduced to superheroes what do you
think you want to spider-man's we all
right here your first ever Marvel hero
toy toys is marvel
yes it is marvel it's marvelous lads
what do you think so we're already like
I like to give it wardo free choice he
can really get whatever he wants if he
wants Disney Princesses and stuff but
I'm just trying to encourage him to
murder options you know he does he wants
to play with him because he always like
he's like go to this Disney stuff right
I think because he doesn't know anything
else but then you see I play with him
every night in his room
and he loves like playing with the cars
and the toys we suffered ah I found him
a home Harry always picked Disney so
what do you think
what do you think whoa cars Mart oh wow
we're very interested in spider-man
okay this is new new revelations what
what's this
Oh card that is very very you know God
that is all about cars wardo look at
these guys
oh she looks figurine playset you can is
actually that's the toy you want to pick
cars are cool
Kawai no don't you want the cars okay so
we didn't end up with spider-man our
cars but what he's okay or toy stories
Mozart he's good you say he's got a toy
that's almost quicker than himself
hello everybody hello was
hello everybody
what have you done to yourself mister
cuz you want arms like daddy oh my
goodness look at you leaping on for two
seconds y'all oh I didn't see your feet
yeah oh go into it mommy there it's
tattoo removal time oh the tattoo
removal back what how do I do that oh
maybe just leave it to a bad time
No Oh Lizzy oh boy
come on guys what
oh yeah
and I'm not funky had a yo-yo
without Wack Wack shut up quack quack
there here a quack there a quack
everywhere a quack quack mommy's a quack
cow eieio without mammal moo moo yeah
everywhere a moo moo Old MacDonald had a
farm e-i-e-i-o
I was great good
