good morning friends and welcome from me
let's name a hotel welcome from me from
me I was so much fun last night in our
rooftop party ah but we did well we were
out past midnight move yeah parents on
patrol parents patrol parents withdrawal
be their own the devil wait I think I
might've actually just flipped you out
there I'm sorry about that
don't take a screen shot attack
I literally can't see anything I can't
see anything
it's so cool we should do this so much
money you'd save on that lighting did
you did that Peter party vader party
also he didn't khaki jacket or anything
so if the weather's crap we're in big
trouble
look at this beast okay this thing that
is so cool like that you should know
what a NZ today we look really cool I
need them after last night the
consumption with the free bar lights
I need this I wasn't going to order it
but then I was like well I could order
you just eat a small amount of it you
don't have to eat all of it Jonathan
even though you might
I made a terrible mistake
Freud was not a good idea not even more
tired and my full of fried breakfast
food I'm gonna get his butt Oh
Caroline's going to head in an hour
she's like I'll be there in an hour so I
take it's gonna take us more than that
to get home do you think possibly aspect
validate our probably at the house
though cleaning our cars excited to see
what Anna's car looks like the most okay
here we go let's go guys let's get ready
to go home we can do it
we have to run see the whole thing so
the queen is like a writing style
character teaching stuff it was so hard
to get to the city the actual ticket
buyer who's broken and there's people
like freaking out in the Train like
literally we jumped on and boom we're
already going oh and if we didn't make
this train these ensure that you take
all your coverage there's a review
that's was leaving the train was doing
is travelling with Southern you are we
hope you had a pleasant journey and look
forward to you traveling with us again
told to pick up the pace this is
actually quite nice it's turned into a
nice little walk the arm toning work at
work it and walk this is so noise you
know should I got a slight at running
one
hello mr. Clark it's like bbbbbb beep is
it the suitcase
it is your little suitcase how did you
miss me
you got what oh did you go in the
paddling pool
you didn't yeah I thought I saw the
little thing that you made for me the
questions you are study the you made in
art class this morning no I saw it I
shared it in Twitter so everybody's seen
it now what
Milly's in school yeah
the mommy's going out to a party tonight
so you know what it's just you and me
mate
home alone inside the car from a little
misdemeanor me hello little miss your
mind guys design yeah okay you stay
there
that is just go over here cats can't get
over it good that was what I was like I
know it's still damaged but like it's
such a good job look no more mas car
looks so good like a level of shininess
right now on my rangy oh my goodness oh
look at your evoke dude you need to
black out those wheels carbon fiber pack
you know what nice and shiny
we'll make it musty again Caroline's
here actually he's guard oh did you yeah
they're really good you see a body on
his car used to look oh my goodness guys
I have not even transferred to footage
from yesterday oh boy he'll turn odd
hurt how did I tell you this camera I'm
hauling right now basically has two
episodes of Saucony Tony's on it oh my
goodness
I was just kind of like being all chilly
willy about it and I was like oh wait a
second one something goes wrong or
something happens
I should probably I get to get to work
on that flicking in all episodes you
guys want watching their episodes funny
guys
are you interested you are you into that
kind of thing I presume you are if
you're here
Amelia's back did Amelia miss daddy last
night
yeah we're excited to see me huh yeah
baby so when I connected her she is that
oh it's bright she was outside in the
playground and she like totally ran when
she saw me she ran up to me it was
really cute huh
you love your daddy you daddy brought a
baby that's what she's just staying in
the car miss why did you miss mommy give
mommy a cuddle I got it done friends we
did it yeah it's chillin like a princess
watching me hide bad Wow princess Amelia
princess been me Mia I better go wake
Prince Eduardo up okay oh did you call
an actual propylene bed or a truck tent
or something here today and I was like
so that does exist I needed in my life
lats
okay so media has taken all of her
clothes off because she say each one's
to go in the paddling pool and she's
running around the garden like I know
that did away from me get away what you
want to do now alright haha yeah okay so
immediacy swimming teacher don't do it
why now
don't you watch is your pajamas wet no
let's get a media with the magic of the
harness Amelia this
you have magical powers we're all on a
venture venture her adventure we are
dropping mommy to the train station
mommy's going to party party and party
and party and party pretty mommy that's
why I love you no no it's okay mommy's
always coming back soon
do you guys want to go to magic land
yeah okay let me tell you something
about magic land guys magic land looks
really like our house but don't be
confused it's actually magical okay so I
know when we get to magic on you're
gonna think like no no no we're home
this is not magic land it is
you ready and then for what I told you
magic world looks like our house but
that's part of the magic okay are you
ready for magic world waro is magic
world it just looks like our house but
it's actually magic world and in magic
world you get pudding and you have a
nice bath and you get stories is magic
world this is the magic and magic door
there it is the magic key in the magic
and magical more ready mr. magical is
dramatic oh god yeah oh my goodness okay
she's magical doggies
hello magical doggies no they look like
are doggies guys but it's magical
doggies it's all a trick hello magical
doggies hello magical world Wow magic
world looks so like our house guys
Nevaeh Naevia
Wow guys look our dinner that we're half
way eating it's still the same magic
world is amazing guys it's magic world
you know some things say they're spicy
and they're not chalo spicy chili whole
great low-fat rice and corn cakes are
spicy spicy so Anna is not home yet but
it notes for see her coming home for
quite a while I'm just getting the vlog
done now because I need to upload it now
because I am leaving for Sheffield in
like a couple of hours
so I need to get the thing uploaded to
make sure you guys have a video to watch
tomorrow cuz I'm a good friend like that
I would not let you guys down
I'm not looking forward I think it's a
four hour drive and in order to make
tonight work so and I could go out I'm
staying here tonight with the kids so
tomorrow morning I've got to try it for
four hours then I'm on stage at that
conference for like about two hours and
then I'm gonna try and meet if you guys
video ends they're like you know it's
right in the conference I'll do my best
trying to meet people as I jump back in
the car and drive for another four hours
and get home at 82 hours of driving
tomorrow let's not be a debbie downer
goodbye friends I need to go I need to
upload this video hope you enjoyed the
video presentation situation sorry it's
a little bit shorter than normal but
I've got to get the situation resolved
I'm saying anymore
goodbye god
hello morning now it's time to go after
sleeping out the flow are going stepping
out the door before you see my face
