holiday to me the Sun and touch the rain
let's hope the weather stays nice I've
got a swimsuit in my bag back to 15 in
my hand that's how the wettest day
summersault plane in my
good morning friends we're all very
tired this morning I mean they got up at
4 a.m. it's a nice time wasn't it did
you come down to mommy daddy's bed last
night
haha yeah 4 a.m. huh wasn't that fun and
then you just kick that and turn over so
not let him sleep huh until it's wake up
time mister - do you have a nice clip
art oh yeah I'm cooking Oh your new
question Oh your pillow do you like your
pillow yeah is it your favorite pillow
and whose we got there is that your
little cat yeah an Elsa and your
favorite toys do you play with toys
thank you well oh we get the book
apartment
Oh what about breakfast guys anyway sure
we get some breakfast guys what do you
think
so we break our fast hmm
sorry friends so to be having for
breakfast guys um no yeah I'm talking
strawberries and granola and nobody
yogurt Amelia
well so funny yesterday when I was doing
her about the consequences of leaving
the table when I answered day before you
guys saw it yesterday and she walked off
and left me during it I'm so funny
you okay ready right out you ready oh
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I bet he's
gonna need some shushie's
by you know we're late when Lucy's here
we're only leaving or is this the early
days no I was late moving oh you're late
and we're even extra late hi hi
oh no let's go everybody oh wait not you
get back in here buddy buddy boo-boos I
mean I go quickly we can see how the
Rockies if you go quickly we can see
Helens doggies oh media look look look
look
what hello everybody
which one she wanted me there you know
you know you know it's just crazy I
don't
oh yeah right in you pop Amelia new
school run are you ready for that
I just lost my phone find my phone are
you ready for that scale run scale run
okay me now you are probably going to
get detention okay I don't know what
tension is but just let you know daddy's
Falls mommy's fault it's everybody's
fault but you're going to get the
tension today
we bought you I have to write liens you
guys remember writing lines yeah I had
this teacher once and he made me write
hold on a second I'm telling a story
don't care he made me write out like I
had five I wasn't blind something insane
like that right and when I was myself my
mate in mirror and when we finally got
it done right he made us rip it up after
we handed it to me right there you go
and he was like okay now I want you to
rip it up after I spending so long
writing at all those lights he made us
rip it up in front of him and I was like
all right no time for messing my friend
grab your raincoat that's the kind of
wetter it is like t-shirts vests and
raincoats that's the kind of wetter
we're having today folks it's super hot
and humid but also possibly going to
rain so it's an odd one I feel like it's
Orlando wetter it's not raining right
now by my way it might rain soon
squirrel he's like hanging off the
birdfeeder he's hanging off tree he's in
he's in cahoots with the pigeons look to
him he's like yeah guys I'll get the
stuff for you right and I'll pass it
down to you look at him look at him he's
hanging off the tree that is some
workout he's got going on there look at
the pigeons all like this is great class
passes the big was the chair
did you see the squirrel outside oh yeah
is he in good squirrel or naughty
squirrel he's a naughty squirrel Oh No
is he eating a birdies food oh the
little boy's food your food the squirrel
is eating mortal food hey little one
Oh No we have an emergency situation
friends I do not have a clue what I'm
supposed to do with my hair guys it's
been 14 years since I've had a hairstyle
so any clear eyes okay cause my eyes
what's it they can open them I'm not
sure if it's the right stuff I just
wanted to try it on somebody would oh
yeah look you can oh it's like taking
zit or something what you aren't doing
with it I don't know what to do I'm just
like let's grow it out and see what
happens oh look how many gray hairs I
have that's cool gray hairs are cooling
guys is that cool
it's all textured now what are you guys
saying and you guys stylists people I
think you need to plan a fit yourself
let me know what I should do with my
hair
I don't know I want hair that like I
know yeah it's looking better now
a white hair that seems mean our guys a
mature gentleman as well like you know
if I don't really know what to do with
my hair I have no idea you wanted like
messy but like yeah I don't think this
is the right product I think you need
like like not a wax like a gummy thing
come either okay texturizing gum thing
look at the grace though is not my cell
do you think this is all right Jonathan
I don't
you know what I'm doing not her size was
that better no I was yeah yeah
well then yeah total win well there we
go leaving comments guys what kind of
stuff venue guys maximum hold stuff you
know the white stuff that you put like
that and then you style it I'm gonna ask
you have to gonna have to watch hair
tutorials actually I like this now it's
kind of nice happen so it's used yeah
hey Emma
should I say I don't you know what I did
what no I think it looks better already
you've made maths vastly improved my
life okay I'm just stuck I'm stuck
between our heads you just need some of
that maximum hold like I think I need a
professional telsa help if you're a
professional hair person
and I was crying and she uses stop the
bus again stop because something
happened what you think happened because
I'm Eleanor - okay
- well be and then please go sit
somewhere else they quietly by the name
all of my life because it wasn't my
favorite it was cucumber not my favorite
and and okay I'll just dance I suppose
on his phone no anything Kiyomi
don't link too much Mead oh nice go on
is making dairy-free okay they're not
being cupcakes which is eggs ISM nice
nice
I make any copy that's a good boy
seems like you got a lot more batter
than oh yeah oh that thing is huge
yeah no twelve no way twelve maybe need
to put way more to more something maybe
they don't rise or something maybe 1200
the nice is it tasty you like it what's
wrong
yeah tell me I have to connect the DVD
delay is it tasty right oh it's coming
on the top yum yum yum
we had another crazy thunderstorm a
while ago when I was in town and the
middle of it in the middle of the night
I talking in my sleep
what well it was raining the
thunderstorm is over now a new rain oh
I'll just need weight anyway that's what
what DVD did you say you wanted she's no
white oh boy there's a lot of toys who
done that who'd you think done that I
try he got hit again so he decided on
Dumbo
because Emilia is a bit of a Dumbo huh
oh I thought it was alright Dumbo I
watch this when I was a little boy you
know lash well when daddy was a little
boy he watched the Dumbo show
boy would you wait a wagon was ice more
like Eduardo yeah daddy was a little boy
but that he didn't have DVDs that he had
VHS VHS yeah we had the fast-forward and
rewind videos it was quite a pain in the
bum bum Dumbo Dumbo
it's the Dumbo all right we did go on
the tumble right you remember where
Disney blowing in the Dumbo ride what
you did go of me on the Dumbo ride yeah
do you love me with hearts and kisses no
times guys I love you and hearts and
kisses and boo-boos NPP's
it's that kind of a day lads today from
fishing for chips Percy and for salt sea
salt on windows open
don't worry I'm aware that it's probably
the worst food ever to eat in your life
sometimes you have to eat the worst food
ever in your life because the worse the
food for you the better it tastes
fun fact okay food ultimate ultra food
and I know people argue with me and tell
me like oh no service McHale is amazing
cave is nice kale crisps are nice hula
hoops are nicer you know I mean that's
amazing - its tasty sometimes you gotta
do it you gotta do it has to be done
alright let's go home and eat said bad
for you food you been lying you said
that you didn't like the fish and chips
don't use you know like I said some
chips fish and chips cook I like the
fish and chips you're mine so I'm just
running the back and mr. delicious is
here but I want to show you guys
everyone's asking bad Sheffield I totes
forgot and it's like but if this videos
gonna I don't even know what day is I
need to go watch the Coney Jolie's and
it'll tell me what day it is
this is what I'm doing in Sheffield and
when it is I'm check your doc fest this
is me here now drama from Joely Joely a
lot their latest look saturday 11th june
at 12:15 in Cutler's hall in heavy-haul
it's a big blogging panel thing blogs
vs. Doc's tales of our time I'm under
vlog side fighting for the vlogs lads if
you can come to a cool comb and watch
the debate and it's not even mean I'll
try and them I'll try and meet you guys
outside afterwards before and there's
something like that like always you know
what I'm always doing my best if I go
somewhere to try and meet friends cuz
I've never finish a field and when I
said it so many people said oh my
goodness Sheffield I was like whoa I
didn't you I don't even know where watch
but yeah let's go be some chef fielder's
ship ship Islanders shuffle ders
shufflers you guys shuffle MERS was like
shopping her are you ready for the event
dear I hope you enjoyed and my dear are
you solving this sentence I have nice
days
sisty tomorrow goodbye goodbye goodbye
goodbye goodbye goodbye bye goodbye
goodbye don't yet good goodbye goodbye
goodbye get off this Mon put on my shoes
when I'm with you
Inka nothing to lose
