wry laugh feel hello friends welcome to
Monday morning where we going we're
going to school run this girl right now
no one go to school before now nobody
ever went to school do you know in
Ireland it's a bank holiday Monday
Wow they're all on holidays but in
England it was a bank holiday last
Monday
so it's a bit of a switcheroo you know
you could have this Monday off but it
would mean that you'd have to go in
school last Monday yeah yeah look what
Anna did last night she lined all the
cars up like a race isn't it looks cool
anyway come on let's go we'd only be
late
that is the big car yeah I know we
didn't maybe when you're a big huh with
two seats two seats yeah
like do you remember when your last year
hello mrs. magorium are you ready for
the Emporium
Samir steering though look at our
shadows
Oh No but I'll make it wider grow faster
so you can go to your school you notice
those days where you just tired like
beyond tired it's having children is
tiring like I haven't slept past 7:00
a.m. in 84 years and sometimes you just
got started need to sleep I 7:00 a.m.
just catches up with you oh my goodness
like Oh what you know wife wouldn't
trade it I wouldn't swap the kids for a
lie in it I love them oh my goodness
let's parenthood is tiring
oh hey doggie seen her work at hello eyo
did you made all that mess right oh did
you make all that mess yeah this guy
what's this guy's name
hey what's this guy's name my phone is
so broken I saw Samantha I did not fix
it I went to get it fixed by the guard
to fix my phone before they liked em
come back to your house and fix them
which is really cool but they were like
oh yeah we'll do it no problem iPhone 6
you're like oh wait there's 6s ones like
oh yeah they're like Cathy 6s mates I
was like what then call Apple minted
yeah yeah no problem we could do it in
store in central look at you two are you
besties are you a bunch of besties you
love Bianca yeah you don't being Canady
by triangular star in the editing before
I head off to Lizzy that was the intro
psh a rat time yesterday waited that
intro I wasn't that great his raw
footage lads but any minute now I'm
gonna get the call I'm gonna be called
up oh it's already happened I can hear
them talking downstairs oh by the power
of Grayskull I am
is that right now I feel more like
cheeba cheeba hello my look is like suck
it turn arrow is a present from OMA for
the kiddos
if you drive me here oh thank you very
much thank you very much for your
assistance there's a cattle coming
tomorrow but we've got an emergency
supplies are needed when we need an
emergency supplies yeah what do we need
to get again cheese cheese and ham
well maybe not maybe like turkey or some
sort of it meat you get a basket look
who's on here just one here oh go this
way this way you're a regular little
shopper come on shopper go
we barely beware joke
Thanks
you're gonna need to get some of these
things best ever
number ones that I'll take a metal
supersize okay five dad you're gonna
need to get daddy all these things okay
it's really really important
who's your daddy no let your grandfather
me I'm doing all the work here there
this ooh this one here no not your
grandfather I'm doing all the work
all right the shop has been done asset
donated all right we got out of there
without causing too much mischief there
was a lot of mischief caused do you
apologize to the man she's madness she's
run dry and grabbing everything she can
off the shelves
oh yeah three dollars you got three
dollars receipts $1 by the way he didn't
know everyone's been showing away their
receipts they didn't realize they were
dollars needs to be done that that kind
of a day check these two low drag this
to the high for a summer Drive
a little og didn't quite make the
journey home huh
good morning again my little friendlies
friend let me get this out of your way
young ji who's in on the west side
that's all you dropped your daughters
are you staying here you mean able to
stay asleep in the car all day
is she okay then why media all right
just gonna get word order toys good come
on young ji oh what's that okay
sauerkraut do you need me to open it
yeah that's why that's how we were
invented exam I'm twisting it I'm
twisting it but nothing's happening okay
Dave stro cheese is actually quite good
I consider myself a bit of a cheese
connoisseur because the more mature the
better
that's my rules actually leave comments
below of what is the most mature if you
like me you like like super mature
cheese leave comments below let me know
what is the most mature cheese as I'm
eating it I want to cry it's so mature
and bitter that's what I'm after dice
and alike what kind of cheese you liked
you know what kind of cheesy right you
big boy
anyway what look at this dog she liked
it another amazing addition to our lives
chili jam and we have to our last year
lashings and lashings the chili Jen we
can't be stingy with it like oh yeah
hate the chili and the jam look at her
look at your leg Alana's mine is better
how there's cheese and pepper and you
put pepper on one oh it's gonna be chili
pepper Oh
alright this is gonna be interesting
stay tuned just found out I'm going to
be in Sheffield this began I gotta go
there on Friday where the hell is
Sheffield oh my goodness it's miles away
beyond through named in a conferencing
this weekend in chapel I'll be there
Friday Friday night Saturday
um yeah it's dinner time the children
are having dinner time you having a nice
dinner time
tasty chicken and broccoli for sure
today chicken and chocolate huh he's
actually taken in traffic I think it was
about tonight you also do not eat up our
children
self-discipline themselves they realize
they be naughty you like to go after the
naughty step themselves where you off to
we were naughty step 2
okay it means no pudding though well if
you go if you go in there and sit in
audience if you get no pudding so if you
feel that that's what you want to do if
that's the strategic move you want to
make right now it means no pudding so
make your decision come back and sit in
your seat and enjoy pudding or leave and
live a pudding free life you see that
 laughs hello mister hello guys
welcome to the naughty step are you
sorry for everything you've done
hey let's go back outside your monster
don't eat me monster don't eat my dinner
monster
don't eat it why no I don't need it
guys I have to tell you about traveling
they're the most comfortable somebody
needs to let the ball fall out did it
seriously traveling is so strike isn't
helping somebody
oh no no that is not a plaything guys
will we try and do some cheerleading
will we do a cheerleading move
what well I've never actually done chair
dating but I've seen it in the movies
yeah no no no no what we do right no no
we're all gonna stand on each other's
shoulders and we're gonna make a
cheerleading move and we're going to say
two four six eight are cheering we are
professional cheerleaders we are cheer
tastic is it are we cheer tastic this is
not a cheer ox to see what you do
there's no roof to put on all right here
we go you ready for our cheerleading
boom punch
we are scone yoli's we like to be Sakura
Jolie let's go let's go let's go let's
go with the flow boogy Woogy
bougie that's what your go
so they gave free that we cooked to the
kids and we decided to go to present
ourselves
ready zero burgers right you get Impreza
and they so cool it's like they do this
in any rockets what are they called in
any rockets sliders
yeah sliders yeah little burgers are
like - what do what they do is that
they're two different types of ones
that's one like one of our first-ever
vlogs
the sliders named rocky from Leah yeah
yeah my sister big Tim or I think these
like you I was awaiting my mom says
right enterin your yeah and Leah came
over and was like oh you should check
out these yeah you guys should check
that episode oh I'm not gonna be able to
find it
yeah why not I also got a rocket as
Saudis and then surprise Google my
glutes right let's investigate this
situation what's going on look at if
they can get in their trampoline
themselves these days we're not even
needed parents have become obsolete you
what hey you know what everyone wants a
lot of things in life but on my face
unless they say please
they tend never to get them so if you
want to rephrase the question
you
