good morning friends it is my name ring
it is 6:30 Hannah I am tired
but let's go do this day
save them with no destination
Romeo no she's the singing way
this time
when I think of all the years that I've
been paid
just trying to drive now
you never left my mom why you being
traveling I just have to wait princess
of the house
you
a part of you the birds me paves the way
for me to be ever
Seanie laughing through dog
maybe dude
when we are done with breakfast and we
are out and about to get clouds light
mout I'm still keeping up my Twitter
thing you guys are you proud of me
nearly a month i've kept rhymin on
twitter why the first Twitter poet
should be I'll be the first Twitter poet
to be making a thing all right guys
boot plugs Carlene all right come on
let's go
it's got media first vehicle your lassie
was amazing she loves to know when I was
a kid though I actually this competition
is post company she try pochi all the
time in school and I actually was
published in this poetry book for this
competition think that I had won so
technically speaking I am a published
poet and a published children's book
order which you can get right now I
don't have that great a tap or a disco
or an esse or in WH Smith or Easons
wherever else books are sold
thanks hip nope but it could be a new
and career path for me can't you see the
future smells like we
I'll keep fun fact most of the poems
that I wrote never rhymed did it boy the
boys need to run in every puddle every
puddle
he has to run in every puddle guys you
have to do it were you guys going are
you going nice shortcut Eduardo has the
funniest if you run right I'll keep
running come on go this way is it legs
go that leg
what are you run you show me you run
yours is more normal
look at him he's off we are in what
we're in a dark alleyway now but we're
in upset I've never been here before
I'm gonna go for coffee oh my god it's
so cute
oh it's really cute oh my God look at it
this is really nice guys
I was at the toy shop okay we're in this
place called toes I think this is their
little drinks menu it is so cute guys it
looks like it looks like it would be
really nice at Christmas time sniffing
like all the fairy night I'm like it's
just really really sweet in here this is
the old building I was showing you guys
outside so I've got avocado on my toes
so amazing and then Laura Scott I can't
remember what is it oh yeah
that's that was my second option I was
going to either get that they look
amazing I love this place it's so cute
really cute
hey what are you guys doing here huh you
guys send your break is well hey boys
here this morning we have Aslan on the
go Iceland is a branch of Dublin they
were amazing but last breath that varlan
may or may not know I tonight and I
don't know where I'm going again I'm
trying to do all these new put on like
again this is so money I'm slipping
this is some incline I love you can
appreciate the incline normally I will
be happy to cycle like this up why
because I haven't been out in so long I
don't know waste the energy that I have
I can't figure out which is the way to
go we're three weeks into into January
how's it going how's it going so far
does it smell like it's supposed to
smell all you can do is put in the work
and hope that in 12 months time you can
look back in things yeah
I can make a good montage because at the
end of this year guys you're gonna have
to do I'm going to put up a story time
video because I started here in a story
time video talking about what I wanted
to do this year so at the end of the
year I need to have enough footage
together to have a good story time about
how I did it
look at that tree oh my goodness look at
this tree guys whoa how old do you think
that tree is no wait what's that up
there up there okay it's like some kind
of hot or something what the hell her
momentary I thought I was in a horror
movie it's okay you're not yeah that's
good luck okay let's go let's go
okay so we had a really nice like lunch
slash brunch and now we're in a toy shop
and look what I found - Mia's gonna die
die it's an lol doll pets so some other
little pet ones now I'm trying to find a
present for Eduardo because I don't know
what to get him are you gonna get
something yeah see Amelia's more into
this but like I'm like maybe I shouldn't
get her into those and she's like
because it's just a slippery slope oh
yeah he might like that come on I always
try and match them do you know what
Amelia
really wanted this she asked for this
for Christmas the ferris wheel
oh that you stick the little things does
she ever play with that no check it out
in 29 minutes that is 6k salivation 477
in the stanchion 494 what was it what
was the other days one yeah look at that
it was 489 in 23 minutes elevation 140
one in 77 like now
the bit that was a big difference today
I also may have taken most of the
mountain with me I don't know if you can
see what they were like clean this
morning when I put them on oh my
goodness these are these guys here are
waterproof
that's alright these guys they're
waterproof sucks cuz I've learned you
need them all the way up in her hand you
know all the way down again who have no
idea what I even look like if I even
have mud on me are not too bad she's
Becca's oh I was amazing was amazing
okay that's enough that's enough bike
bike footage for today I know you don't
know I like it but ok so I'm back and I
got it wasn't so I'm gonna see if he
likes it now close your eyes close your
eyes do not peek do not open them ready
hold out your hands okay open your eyes
what's that do you know do you know it's
an enchant amol their enchant AMOLED and
you know what they do what they've got a
little for a little animal friend and
look he looks like you he's like it wide
oh yeah you've got shoes do you like him
mommy thank you but mommy yeah my school
turned into a dress maybe yeah um
that's okay do you like it do you let
your toy kind of days gonna be what is
the best breakup song friends what is
the best friend for me
Evanescence Oh Lord hear me crying my
prayers but Evanescence lads such a good
breakup song you can you could you could
break up to that song all the time you
could just listen to that one like oh
was it my immortal is that the song Oh
something like I anyway leave comments
below or if you're in the middle of a
breakup you you need him you need her I
know
oh my goodness I'm so tempted to just
drive straight up there well I well I
okay I won't when I was tempting him
should get one rose Fitbit things and
actually you see how many steps I do a
day under school runs cuz I bet you it's
a lot think about it okay we are jumping
over the lake the ocean the river the
river of Jordan and I will pick there
for you look at it Amelia look at the
color of it that looks so spooky look at
the color of that it's like oh not a
video so we're looking isn't it okay you
ready
do it I'm gonna stand back here
oh that was much better than last time
you pretty much jump that is it mum
ma'am ma or mother I've always thought
that always causes so much debate in the
comments but I've always called my mom
mom like I've never called I've never
called her anything ever your mom and I
think what you call actually what you
call the person who gave birth you what
are you saying mom or mom mom mom yeah
no I guess everyone says it differently
it's kind of funny but
oh my again is friends okay I'm not
gonna tell you what it is specifically
but just marking today today I got a
phone call and it was amazing news but I
just wanted to notice notified today's
today eyes oh my goodness something
crazy something very exciting he's
coming in the next few weeks lads
friends and frenemies very exciting
we've been we're all moving for that
call for a long time it finally happened
oh my god is that excited
earlier today Eduardo just like I don't
know he was just babbling red stuff he
was just like um mommy my scarf today my
scarf at school it turned into a dress I
couldn't wear it so I just put it in my
book bag like all right right oh
whatever
like lo and behold I look inside his
book bag yes now cuz I felt something
and I was like this is his scarf looks
like his scarf same color
it's one of those he's one of those a
funnel scarves that like she so when you
said it turned into a tres and it says
another kid's name on the inside so
clearly not his but it's a funnel scarf
and I can see now why he said that it
turned into a dress much like I could
just imagine him trying to like step
into it and then really like also he got
another accident report today which is
probably his like sixth accident report
like he's constantly having accidents I
think a media only ever got one and this
trial just has had like plenty so I just
don't know what this child like he's
just he's just mental but he is so funny
I cannot believe that he thought his
scarf I turned into a dress dinner
dinner dinner time look we got little
chips and sweet potato fries and a
mozzarella burger is it an endemic are
too much driver watching this show Last
Tango in Halifax and his mom has kept
telling us to watch it so it's called
she wants my happy buddy here oh sorry
I'm hoping it's gonna be good guys she
was really good at Happy Valley anyway
when you guys seen it last hang on high
fax let us know if it's good right here
Celia
