you
we're going on a boat apparently
exciting drink you buy that uh let me
tell you about that no daddy
Oh daddy told you where that yeah you
remember Amelia remembers everything
when I was a kid for the first slide I
don't know 14 or 15 years of my life
every year my family went on a boat it
was like our family holidays
Mary took a lane I tried get us out to
the borderline second by to the
late-night shows heading out and
I'm trying to organize my brothers and
sisters let's try and see because we all
have kids now see we do all go together
I rent a boat and we're trying to see if
it'll work
we live on a boat form in a while but
nothing fun you can go swimming every
day we go swim in the river
yeah that's Ania my brothers and sisters
bit every day we went a little
adventures huh ferry bridges and locks
oh you want to do that
well that is going to see if we can make
it work okay it will be fun to ride the
big boat for all of us mommy oh yeah you
and me yeah it'll be so much fun we can
bring the lizards - got it
Oh your air cats anybody towards me okay
okay why don't you can bring the air cat
oh yeah you can bring the thing forget
the lizards you're watching some
hellacious Pig delicious we're having
Amelia's make something in the media's
restaurant
no OHS home what do you not do a Plato
don't mix them up and and and colors all
over the monitor Phil what do you not
doing Plato ever each the Plato because
they made a like each plate or look
Angie yeah you eat play-doh right oh
yeah no exactly you many times I come in
here and immediate has a mouthful of
play-doh giraffe need comments let me
know of you ate playdough as a child
what daddy's laptop yeah Oh daddy's
editing the videos let's just close it
over though yeah you're not ready to
edit yet or no its neck time snack time
what you gonna do where are the yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo
who wants some yo-yos sure yo-yos water
as well do you need me to open them or
can you guys open them give me that oh
oh
guys there's like a treasure just a
treasure inside it as well right you
enjoy that guys okay daddy's gonna make
some rolled up sometimes go up Snatchers
get out grown-ups naptime's level 10 and
instead of a yo-yo I'm going with
nature's gluten to nice snack time snack
time what you gonna do what you gonna do
when my tummy rumbles for you
hello everybody you mean they let you
out yeah oh that's a quite that way just
right there huh on the cochis cochise
you know wanted wider fit next to you
yeah Eduardo sit here enough just sit
none of Eduardo is ready yet
on the descent right here you got I'll
take that thank you
why are you dressed appropriately for
this restaurant as well to do what shoes
off okay what kind of a restaurant is
this huh you get your shoes off and
everything there we're gonna try and see
the to it and sit here together this may
not work this may be a terrible idea
wonderful
no profanity guardo good white Oh
careful of my fight huh I already
ordered a starter because I figured it
would be tons of food left over which to
was so I've eaten some in spaghetti and
I'll be with some of the pizza mmm put
it with the kiddos you don't have to
need to order and me of everybody you
just need to order them there's okay to
have a caprese starter and then eat
their pizzas all right fine Oh yucky
stuff Oh can daddy have some pizza too
can daddy have some pizza oh maybe not
that one I'll have my own one you can I
have your drink as well
oh you're very good terrors Go Go Go Go
Go bye Coco Coco Coco pie mommy nice
thank you
this is the shop alright food is
finished so now we have to book an
appointment in for mommy mommy has to go
to the salon we're all going as a family
put it on the chair bingo
so we gave up my job to stay away from
the breakable item not a hundred percent
sure this is the right shop to buy helen
is present I think she's 29
she wants a dinosaur does she want to
dinosaur guys think after Hannah needs
dinosaur my meetings over today
and now I'm starting to think that
they're not actually looking for guests
for Helen actually looking over gifts
for themselves what do you think guys
that'd be an accurate representation of
the situation private door Oh nobody saw
nothing yeah don't guys guys literally
what do you think you are such monkeys
all right check out this art this is
nice pictures here isn't it oh yeah you
like that one don't touch it don't touch
it don't touch it or that he has to buy
it okay that he doesn't wanna buy it
don't touch the artwork please open the
doors please it's time for mr. delicious
to get a little nutritious and that
involves a Miss Dana
rickety tippity-tap ChaCha Oh Rita
were you going where you going there
shall be no escape from the NAP there
shall be no escape from oh my goodness
when Amenia was busy this morning
hurricane came in here yo Peppa
oh alright this is not helping in the Y
no going to sleep situation are you nice
and calm what
Sana's planting bird taters not planting
I love this one though it's so cute a
little house I think what you know
here's a bird in your room I think like
one of the birds that went to that house
yeah Hey hey guys there's a healthcare
full of food this is the one I got
confused but he got in that little
window there media where's the other one
where's the other bird feeder can you
show me is it is it is it intrigued on
stream right oh there's no one here
there's another one here and it's down a
bit mad with the bird feeding think
we're feeding all the neighbors Birds
I'm dressed appropriately for this
mountain next exhibition exhibition whoa
whoa if I like chicken nuggets for
birdie they did it we are like
single-handedly feeding the entire
neighborhood of bird's ass ready you
need to eat your dead doing the region
hey come here this we're okay guys you
want dinosaur pasta
you want this one model rocket dinosaur
pasta you like that one
no me you want this one look it's little
organics dinosaur pasta what do you
think yeah Emilia dinosaur pasta what do
we think
do we like it do you like a dinosaur
Mescalero yeah a little bit of bolognese
you are the green ones
the world so we're sitting in the bath
and the tutor just started singing that
and I was like where what's even going
on here and it turned of like they came
when it was like a perfect acapella
harmony situation going on and I said oh
my goodness I dried them off we dressed
him in there and we were sitting here
and I was like oh my god you guys want
to sing it again but they didn't pull it
off they could do whoa they couldn't do
Tia the hard to harm me but it was good
peace and harmony to all the world all
right shall we go to bed guys right I'm
having the leftovers that was leftover
some San Pellegrino watching some sort
of channel 5 show but cork debt
collectors or something anyway this is
actually really tasty he's got lucky huh
and it still out at her party part of
being a parent is then compromise about
timings like number last weekend I had
that bike meetup thing so Ana was left
in Rome with two kids all day long and
then when today came up she wasn't
actually gonna go down his party but I
was like no no no you should go you
should go don't worry about it you know
okay we work this until we work it's our
teamwork Saturday
see
yeah
