you know I love you baby more every day
you are my sweetheart baby in every way
you are the one
Oh
good morning friends it's a Friday
nice dress you're all matching Oh what
did you got here
ooh a new bracelet you look very pretty
Amelia yeah
very fancy for you don't fancy on a
Friday I'm scared
are you going off this insanity party it
looks like you not look like you're
dressed for school that's for sure your
highness see like I need a horse and
carriage
put away your dress and pretty sure your
foot does not go there okay let's go bye
are you ready for their school run
school run huh
Friday school run Amelia that's the best
kind of school run I have this time look
what she has this Lance Santa's fancy
panties hey did you know that today is a
special day for mommy and daddy nine
years ago today decided to be best
friends it is they said let's be best
friends there was some smoochies easy I
I smooch eat mommy
four years later I said let's even be
even better friends and mommy and daddy
got married it's not funny
a little while after that we said let's
make another little friend you know
Squiggy aunt because they are like these
are like Scoobies
yeah but they're not that squiddy
they're like things to come any games
yeah oh that's basically the story of
how Amelia came to be
you didn't any trip nearly went on a
trip
okay so so maybe you guys know today I'm
obviously the anniversary as they just
said they're into Vidya I'm just gonna
head up shopping we have an a card these
lads cards are important flower also
that will heal and signature collection
oh look that one that has a nine in it
like when it's really funny without one
I had a nine and it'll be would that be
hilarious guys don't make jokes don't
make jokes when it comes to cards they
don't appreciate that either don't know
who qualify as the world's cutest couple
but this will do the job nicely serious
and huge increasingly over my time is
going to make any videos more and more
guys are watching these vlogs or wives
and husbands and boyfriends so I've
learned all this stuff the hard ways you
don't have seen what the card is really
important
flowers are always greatly appreciated
don't need to spend money we decide the
show that you care and that you're
remembered and that you're thinking of
them that's all that matters that
even though you don't think it's
important it's important they'll be
expecting something
holiday I give you
the key to now I free yep your SGC a
tour we ended up with so many ds at
Sharpie parties a crustal
my finger
try to be the Chiefs
take price off the flowers come on and
peanut said to peel instead peel there
she's not working out why isn't it slick
Nick as I wanted it to be rough
it does the job let's go pop this into
it I'm there
nope not in there Anna
happy anniversary I know it's okay dough
I've learned over the years all right
well the first time you say yesterday
that wouldn't that when the attachment
didn't go true and he said that when I
was like okay look really good I really
liked it but I was like it's okay it's
pretty good though zoom in on the
colored one that was about future
merchandise II products from saucony
Jolie's because everyone keeps asking me
for them and I know we probably should
have done it ages ago but I just didn't
want to I've been waiting like we've
been working with so many different
designers and then I almost feel like
the works at and we just like no it's
not good enough it's not good enough I
don't want something that's just kind of
like cheap and slapped together you know
I really want really high quality things
that represent the friendliest friends
good enough so I'm yeah I think we found
somebody is really the stuff that she
said she was really really good so yeah
hopefully soon we're gonna have a shop
where you guys can get all of our cool
merch and it's going to be I don't know
I don't wanna give anything
right no spoilers let's just end this
conversation because I'm going to give
spoilers if I just keep talking about it
cuz I'm very excited but intimate you
wanna see it okay fine you know there's
one restaurant we haven't gone to in
town the special we've talked about
loads of times and I book the
reservation for tonight this is what I'm
wearing this is what she's wearing
swimsuit my tooth oh yeah we've talked
about so many times like a fancy special
one it's like yo you have to like know
that I just break down with the peeps
and we made a reservation every time we
go to restaurants they always HEV
reservation we say no and they give us
they also sent me this I'm not the
bottoms yeah not sure what they were
thinking Sorento is gonna be fun this
year this is a new style yeah do
European is its European style
it's called left fresh anyway I'm pretty
cool I'm excited about the restaurant
size comecome how about that Oh bringing
the tone of this video to any the
problems of this guy's what over the
bottoms beer in the talk we're at the
top is Apple's look about as you fought
on the Kiwi no no red but it's supposed
to be a pajama Oh what else look at your
initials in this one no that looks like
a proper pajama they're really nice I
don't even have a genitive comments it's
common today do you wear pajamas I'm
like a nudist sleeper I don't really
wear pajamas I hate that I think
sleeping with me for nine years
no but I don't know the feeling I don't
like the feeling of wearing something in
bed I like to keep everything tidy place
in place I like to let it flop around I
don't run free my little friend
my kids are free-range even I always
don't I always have to have yeah you do
even when we go when we went that yeah
tell that time I was like oh my god so I
wore nike nah no no no Gaza why bother
I don't know need comments what do you
that's the comment up today and it's
turning into JLo I
- I'm like being short right they look
sorry
don't they look my side huh and they are
but when I'm like putting them on my bum
I'm like they won't budge and I'm scared
it's gonna rip but then when I get them
over my bum it's funny I like do it off
in this tweet Kim and ask her what
what's your secret Kim I honestly I
never had that problem but good posture
squats do to you
someone's grown a bum
working on key oh look your page matches
your car sees your also love them for
you you hop in pier seat guess he's back
back out again
the media's back tell a friend whoa
so talk me through your artwork here
that Wow
if the other one is really nice wait is
that he in the other one yeah did you
have fun today in school yes did you
play with Jemima oh here today and - ed
io best friends up aces i mala I'm
Valentina yeah but
Valentina's mummy is nice we see her all
the time no me didn't she
oh I saw it's not Valentina's mommy
he's had hi - ciao ciao Melia Enoch hey
he did he said he says ciao ciao ciao
Melia Ciao Bella
by what you're not finished one more
spoonful media okay you want to be a
naughty girl or a good girl when I'm
gone a good girl
why are you gonna be naughty or good
naughty
oh my goodness laughs its date night
right you want to see this parking job
so we're coming down on the other side
of the road a guy pulled up he saw the
spot he went to take it and I was like
no then he gave up because legs right on
the high street and it's really
tightening so much shaft coming and I
was like I'm getting that spot and from
the other Lane I jumped across reversed
in like so fast in one movement and I'm
impressed
I was very impressive wasn't it don't
tell stories about parking people will
write books about that parking job
we're dining late
we're here in the secret place when you
get some secret food what do you wanna
get wait I don't know what I'm supposed
to be here
what do I have the special page in what
uh kind of like this one deal he
suggested what you guys want we are
finished in the magical mystery captain
er dream joy two magical mystery dinner
wasn't worth dating me for nine years I
never would have thought nine years ago
that we'd end up in from Tony Tobin zero
you're Tony Chavez what is called yeah
Tony Tobin's that area we're actually
from here we're renewing our vows here
we go we're going back inside lads we're
gonna renew our vows we're gonna commit
to another nine years where I should
take this picture let's take a
photograph off here look could we sat
here we can get it on the back on the
banks of the River Lea its place in
Krush Alabama listen to all of it it's
not very good lighting though is it it
was really good hey yeah do you guys
know there's a picture of when we on our
first date in photo Island we took a
picture just like that and we recreated
it
we basically had to kiss about a hundred
times to get that shot making it making
heaven to group about my honey love make
it out at the local church it was like
walking past me like you're nuts what's
going on there Friday night in the
church take at that Park looking at
right across the road bingo
hello everybody hello everybody
Mussina came here to see you morning
everybody
to the kids behave do you guys mind the
kids did you do a good job Cena did you
put the kids in the bath yeah tio did
you read it right Amelia story good dogs
Oh
