you
it has to happen
what Wow good morning friends have to
happen we've had a good run
what do it again
Oh Gary your turn
hello Amelia Tomatina mr. a storm
outside
is there a storm outside yeah I mean add
some egg and soldiers what I'm not doing
it again
so meteor watch the Kardashians with
mommy dear today was it good
he's your favorite Kendall or Kylie
Panda one more time then I get to stand
at the door no cheating no no is that
right here Wow
what no no no no is that right here
that's it the game works
ah you see right here right that's it
game over
hey this guy type it this and then find
it play to find it somewhere yeah but I
got Delaney day yeah right this time
waabri's but a mirage copies don't have
anything left the water I wonder is
actually one Oh work that well back to
normal back to normal and always gives
me a hard time about that you know I
don't know I'm just like I'm a habit her
habit creature
I like the same I mean the same thing
for breakfast for like a year or two
literally non-stop I haven't change
always supposed eventually if we go to a
hotel or anywhere I don't know it's like
the same things you know what are you
playing Oh
like a selection of princess choice here
teach your ones and these are our nose
ones Wow No
here on the business team in Ireland but
look at it look at this top water we got
you already huh
 it is you guys say thank you did
you take her garland me huh MA
hiren is from Limerick Aaron I think
it's his fault this way it was not like
this all week long he rides in this
morning and lashes ready to bring
someone home you need to apologize to
the nation sorry to everybody
yeah we got over - melody nice nigger
bounciness a good spot because it'll
make us feel like we're in Italy and
it's a better training it's lovely and
sunny
oh goodness
can't you see the little birdie oh don't
close the door you didn't come here you
see him yeah closed guard up close very
oh my good look at the little guy oh
whoa careful kappa kappa kappa careful
shh shh we're friends
we're friends oh hey whoa hey the odds
are not happening it was so cool do you
see my little bird has is up maybe
that's what happened and maybe he
confused RS with the bird head and a
texture saw like oh I'm really Jeff can
you give me a little for a second I come
in here and you asking to get the camera
where was the camera - come on over
there on that table
what's it like for you says your monkey
banana brain is like low distress like
sitting here like whatever going to get
over there and yet the camera I know it
text me forced me to come in here boogie
boogie woogie boogie woogie woogie
woogie
BuChE BuChE BuChE BuChE will give me
grabbing a boogie woogie woogie show me
a boogie woogie oh that's a nice booby
reading not booby Wooyoung yeah what is
the booty the booty woogie no bougie
boogie yeah it's a movie and if you move
further posh oh it's more fun at the
party
oh you coffin it in the booty know what
ah what ah hey rookie young brother
bunny always a bunny don't squeeze my
now I look now I look silly now I look
silly not all out all out
ah I said help that help immediately
call the fire mistake
oh she crushed me duties and there's no
more saucony judy's I loved it
Oh
hola hola hola hola we're all part of
Jack's army and we're all off to Italy
how will I give up to me win the World
Cup cause we are part of varlet buzzard
that was actually a song for Italy 90
when iron condor quarter photos we
almost won the World Cup
I don't ever happen again where is he
gone where's you God huh
look at you hey where you going to Melia
now Eduardo do you want to play football
for England or Ireland Ireland no
football
are you gonna be a ballerina what are
you gonna be a footballer yeah you look
cool Oh in your football gear you wanna
go outside in your football gear it's a
little bit rainy doh
many young put your wellies on I know
you might get cold and then mommy will
get back to daddy for being silly
I don't know have you seen a box of
chocolates around here
you haven't Harry you don't have any
boxes of chocolates
Eduardo do you know what a box of
chocolates is hmm
now it's not ended what's attended is
cut wait a second what's under here
nothing eh all right I'm just gonna go
outside away from here I'm gonna go what
is it and a garland huh what all right
would you like to Ernest you have to
answer a question and if you get the
question right you may earn a prize I
question one is daddy 36 or 21 thank you
all congratulations you own a box of
chocolates like the ones to fight
started needs tonight
stay in your eye I'll follow
I love the way boys so gorgeous towards
our acts
how I wanted for you aw I love it
friends I have a request for everybody
in England so I moved to the UK about
two years ago coming up on two years and
it's been great my entire experience
living in UK has been an amazing amazing
time we've really I think myself alone
you know we really found a country where
I feel like we fit in you know and I
foresee that in the future this is
probably where we are gonna hang out
today's 31st of May we can ease tomorrow
is the first of June and then June 2017
there's going to be a massive referendum
that's going to impact this entire
country as much as this might have like
an initial impact of my life because of
the fact of myself and Anna are
considering putting roots down in this
country you know buying a forever home
the kids are starting school they're
making forever friends and I feel that
like the impact of this referendum will
have an impact on their lives
significantly more so than I'll have an
impact of my life I don't really want to
talk to you guys about why England
should stay in Europe and white England
should leave Europe I believe people
should be judged on them as a person not
what their beliefs or whatever should be
so I don't want to sit here and tell you
what I feel that I would like Britain or
England to do but I would like is that
everybody who has the ability and the
power to vote gets out and votes it's so
important to vote to have your voice to
have your say this referendum will
probably not come around this is a
once-in-a-generation or referendum once
in a lifetime to have your choice to say
whether or not you think that English
it's day in the European Union or
England should leave the European
and I would just like to know that the
country meaning duardo
grow up in and live in you guys vote you
know I don't want to tell you which way
to vote it's really that's that your
decision I'm not telling you which way
to vote I'm just saying get out there
and and and have your voice have your
say it's really really important anyway
get out of here
ah I'll just meet some friends and then
we start talking about the referendum
and then we're talking about what I
talked to you guys about it and when I
try and get you guys to vote the way I
would like you to vote and I was like no
I think I would like to know that you
voted the same goes for anything any
election in any country I think you
should have your voice I think you
should have your say you know a country
is run by its people just because it
might sound like a couple of guys are in
charge you we the people are in charge
of this world the people on the earth
remember that folks it's our planet we
can make it better
Oh friends friends friends friends rec I
get here I gotta get ready tomorrow
morning I learned you this broom ting
tomorrow morning um I just tweeted about
it so read my Twitter but it's a world
record attempt for I think it's like
venture capitals startup fund that
everybody's and trying their hand me
getting up but we'll record him tomorrow
and I'm part of that I'm wanting to
guest judges awesome three hours I'm
gonna be on the livestream so I check I
let you leave a link down below if you
guys can check it out whatever I'm
getting here
see tomorrow when the microphone check
in the headphones fit to the bass in
your chili like your hands hoarsely come
out of all the mess keep the dead slow
quick make sure your routes are like
they were left on brisk if you think
this is a game then I'll bet on this
crush the world make it flatter play
chess
