money baby good morning
day of the fight friend bike ride get
ready your legs on oh hello princesses
Pam your princess oh you're a car
princess yeah
what are you you're addressing young
princess so are you Elsa and you're Elsa
you like Elsa twins
Oh Elsa with Crocs you don't have clutch
did we make them like that or is there
problems with their environment yeah
look quick update look at on the skin
look how good it is the lane is terrible
there look it what's that like two days
so far yeah that's amazing oh it kind of
looks like you're wearing like I like
their nation or something it's amazing
well done friend
both of these bikes plus that box we're
going in here two bikes and a large box
actually could fit a dirt bike and I
reckon Francesca's here jess is going in
the bike right who's the Sly Fox are you
boy he's the spy thoughts all right
let's go see you later Melia I'm fun in
the park with mommy oh oh she teacher
and it makes up here all right and then
she goes into a big dough and daddy
can't do them justice see you later why
no have fun with your towel
all right here we go first ever bike
friend by King who are gonna take
motorbikes there to a biker gang but way
cooler
huh next I'm using motorbikes okay we've
lost the guys and we've come across a
farm with a fire that's what happened to
the last people that came up here
Oh No
so we're not 100% sure it was over we're
going this way this isn't this isn't see
right
all right we've now ended up in a
sawmill of sorts and this is pretty much
where everybody gets murdered and it's
this part of the movie for all like oh
yeah sawmill and then we all die no no
fella so cute mm-hmm it's about your
bike these are our friends hi Brian
we're officially lost we've got this
road here so one of the one of the guys
got out when one of them's gone that way
we're officially lost good fun date oh
okay yeah everyone's still here link
survives haven't lost anyone or we lost
half someone but we don't we don't talk
about it anymore
no cycle true
we have reached a problem then you won't
bring a boat oh we're okay we have a
lifeguard oh I think that's going oh why
didn't you fall in I was waiting for
we found the dog again he's mocking us
he's like what are you guys doing back
here again well let everybody what you
guys think of the first bike friend
meetup thing yeah there's a lot more
than you signed up for
yeah oh it's so much fun we got a new
boredom
if you miss daddy did you paint your
nails oh they're very fancy pants the
Jenna form is you got your parrot mommy
yeah
yeah I went on the bike with all my
friends hey I'm Francesca yeah friends
oh there were so many friends there and
they all said say hi to a media they did
he did they all said that I bet he got a
cut as well then Gardens an argument
with a holly bush it's really sore I
made it home there was the point where I
may not have made it home
good morning mister good morning mister
man
oh I like this
you go to the pocket money you have was
a fun girlfriend you in swimming swings
yeah
did mommy go anything as well cranky
squiddy I don't know why you didn't tell
me that way every time we see squid he
just gives a little kiss you're very
cute elephant give me a cuddle let's go
see Amelia it's gonna get bright Oh
brake light
you said you ain't gonna swing
strawberries a good question disco are
you going to get him hold your wine it
we're still gonna spin what's not gonna
spin why we're stuck in this room okay
I got it done barely barely in time I
think it is currently in the oven this
is the render I use the render system
externally for my editing program if you
use the Dolby clever credit pledge you
know what I'm doing
anyway it's saying ten minutes hopefully
we'll make it with the processing time
and stuff system another today okay we
have a little problem with our car here
what seems to be the problem guys on a
network do you guys have some sort of
roadside assistance wait you do you guys
have daddy roadside assistance or let me
have a look here it seems to be a
problem can I see your key please
oh wait you've lost the car key yeah so
you need daddy to hot-wired a car for
you all right
really want to go is there baby needs to
go to school the baby needs to go to the
park okay well if daddy's got a Hotwire
your car and then you guys should be
able to go hey we've all got a new car
I'm back
when you fix it oh you mean you want a
courtesy car oh all right folks I think
that's it let me just give it a little
test here are we at the park oh right
the parks already anyway oh yeah i
hot-wired the car that's right in our
criminal what a wire us to get at first
I think we're to put your footing to
gosh
wait you're putting the panel Oh
mush put off the pedal all right go put
foot back on the panel let's turn this
thing around
all right have fun guys
we ready for that oh it's just me and a
load of bicycles back there I was gonna
bring the kids at me but then I realized
there would be a ton of work if I wanted
to bring the kids at me so I decided not
to bring the kiddos with me that I was
gonna ride solo riding solo do mattdonna
so George Labs has to happen has to
happen you don't mean big day in the
mountains that's what I want I just
don't want to cook anything I'm so tired
I'm like we have the worst selection of
takeouts
available I would like to petition
Parliament to sort that out search
yourself a glads oh my goodness and you
know that waka Mama's that I was telling
you about it looks like it's not coming
to the town now I'm moving I'm leaving
the town unless you sort out to take
away situation
yeah can again I'm a large no to chicken
vegetarian meal forcing me to eat this
food you never gonna get back up art oh
if you get down right friends alive let
me tell you a time in it oh you already
know what time it is oh dear McDonald's
was just it hit the spot and then we all
had bath time and then we had a water
gun fight I kind of lost a little bit
never played a jumping game we were
going to bed it was so much fun today
with my friends dot turn I was like oh
way better than I imagined even going to
be thanks for everyone I showed up I'm
definitely gonna do more of them there
was so much fun
literally it was so cool to just like I
was like the best Meetup it was kind of
a me know I've ever done like spend
supposed to be two hours but I think it
turned into three hours and then we got
lost and then this mental but it was so
much fun
anyway convinced me come here to you
mrs. magorium say goodbye to our friends
why my friends whiteout why don't you
like your friends
he's jumping
