now time to go after sleeping out the
flow are going slipping out the door
before you see my face okay
I know you should never wait to watch
out morning friends we're having some
sort of a race oh it's very dark in here
come on more no no what do you put your
seatbelt on for it oh honey we're under
scooters we're going on the new scooters
that was fun
yeah the scooters right here you guys
are going to ballets dude
hope you didn't forget cute they look
why look at you a scooter guy I look so
cute right out
that's not how scooters work okay I'm
feeling better today you hear my voice
and still like a little tiny bit but I'm
gonna be good for tomorrow I was really
worried yesterday was like yes there's
the worst learner but I can learn to be
good for tomorrow yeah
I hope the sweater holds for tomorrow as
well that's what you want I'm not sure
what a finish line is I'm the I o'clock
Oh in the other corner so this car also
works as a step if I put this here she's
actually able to get into the trampoline
we're having breakfast yeah what fruit
so we got here now fruit all over he's
got big fan of the blueberries Joao
Paulo the blueberries in here pirates
recommendation it's really good
I breakfast outside coffee and
supervising this child Mina's inside
getting ready to go joy need to bring
him you know those trampoline parks the
place where there's like hundreds of
trampolines he would actually love that
this is this is for mommy yeah what no
I'm sorry I need to put this in mommy's
car hey I'm serious I'm serious yeah oh
you ordered so Hannah is taking Amelia
and it worried about a it's Amelia's
class but Eduardo loves coming to the
ballet and watching yeah come on well
because for the last two weeks
hey hey guys for the last few weeks
we've been in the big walkies
so and I hasn't had a chance to bring
anyone to ballet you know the way the
kids have their little white evoke
inside this would look like if they had
a really evoke oh yeah why you don't
like mummy seats leather stitched the
stitch leather or the butter free
edition so nice the goodness car isn't
brand new and I never drives it so it
remains in its brand new stage wife
smells so nice it's got a constant new
car smell
oh thank you very much I'm very excited
to be here your hairs oh oh you cutting
my hair with a straightener it was like
melting my hair off
you're using a stranger to do it Oh
straining my Fuhrer the team turned on
me okay now you're just narrating my
clothes I'm heating it up because we're
different
watch Oh everyone's yeah oh okay how
could am I getting what kind of haircut
am I getting we started gonna look like
that we did Teddy there's someone
special wear sunglasses can you and can
you give me Zoe's hair please oh can I
have Alfie's hair Oh Hedda how Saussure
anything it is kill more like a hacked
my head he's a hacker lives where does
the head stop it occurs
no no I don't know is what we were
playing around the Bianca we notice dis
ting if you just thing like I don't know
how many I didn't show you guys I'm
gonna call the vet now I'm gonna bring
an end to the vet but there's like
something like what the hell is that oh
it's a tick like jammed in there or
something or she stabbed herself with
something no idea what that is and just
wondering you guys free at the moment
through my dawg Dan I just found she's
got something like stuck in her head I
know what it is I brought her with the
lead with a little big walkies banana
thing garnish cecum attendant you and
Nick walkies as you're thinking about
having so many dogs and kids and wives
and people in your lives there's always
going to be a sick child or a sick dog
it's inevitable it's inevitable you know
so let's find out where we're going
he's not going to my my vet's wasn't
able to fit me in because they are
booked out so they gave me am another
vet another version of the same vet and
I think it's a chain or something so let
me find out where it is
dogs always know oh my god the vets
smell it I know they know he don't be a
ticket though oh goodness it's so freaky
someone tried to live in me head we got
some medicine stuff here Bianca she
bleeding why it wasn't bleeding because
the tick like sucks all the blood out of
her but the swelling will be there for
like a week
that's medicine for Bianca yeah you guys
see that it was like a live oh can you
see anything
yeah yeah recorded Ovidius because she's
talking that it was alive I was like oh
my god it's all about I need to record
this you can see it so I don't know what
it became a highway like a man video but
you can see this little like tentacles
are trying to get back in Amelia Amelia
Eduardo Walker a little bit you can
share Walker you're so freaky because it
was like as you're pulling in its
tentacles are trying to stay in oh dude
which is okay yeah I was only in there
like 12 14 hours we got lucky
look at the head break drop it's like
surgery he's a head stays inside them
yeah I know
um yeah when I'm by five yeah
and I can have a princess tattoo with a
unicorn on that you want to get a tattoo
when you're five yeah if I can come on
honey I'm not a hundred percent sure by
that I'll tell you what though I'll let
you get your ear pierced when you're 13
okay coming you'll never be 13 yeah
uh-huh
four yeah you're never gonna be 13 it's
okay I'm gonna be 510 you're gonna be 14
not fasting Oh 13 in you see kenda in
September you're gonna be 13 well
actually that's a good point you will be
13 in September
you will be 40 in September you will be
every age in September
hey the only thing that's gonna change
is the year did you know that it's very
interesting anyway I'll get wardo has
been asleep for a little while now time
for us to wake him up you trying to get
what let's go wake Eduardo
oh hello did you would you repress it oh
no it's not me as one is wired owes one
what does the button do
did you just do
your what what a little fire gets
confused between that one yeah I know so
I tell it why does how mommy what you
did
what does he do 800 apart on daddy he's
like
but getting the isolated tomorrow this
one is perfectly fine because it's just
back from in-service but I convinced
Francesca to come with me tomorrow
I'm the fight for anything and I gotta
make sure this time here is good for her
but I just noticed okay that the this
section here has I been displaced for
the bike as you can see this is the
quick-release system this whole section
here is not connected to the bike that's
that's the problem that's a small
problem progestin will not be watching
this video until after the bike
situation so everything's okay
hopefully by Jessie is still with us so
bike is in good order
but guys a princess has just arrived
what can you be you can be Eduardo whoa
princess Amelia is it Prince
right I'm going to quickly take the
bikes down the road there's a train a
little tiny trail down the road I'm
going to a quick blast just to check
them out small they concern about the
rear axles on the heart tail but I
haven't actually taken any full
suspension since I got it back from
being in service so I should probably
take it anyway looking test
I'm not bringing you guys with me
because tomorrow's videos get reloaded
the bike and stuff in it consider pizza
yeah yeah you want to eat it oh yeah
yeah yeah yeah let's go show mommy pizza
party
what's the song so it's a pizza party
Saturday night but I need my energy for
tomorrow for the bike are you guys
 up father Logan he
deserted from a pizza basil badminton
ticket as you can see Amelia has once
again changes with other princess outfit
multiple princess efforts going on here
today folks
mmm-hmm don't know what you're gonna be
in next I wonder pizza that's not pizza
that's use the pieces over here silly
pants all right
that's cable get your Maps picture back
you're too Olaf one oh yeah no that's
why
huh no what oh yes one oh no oh yeah
before we go thank you so much everybody
for all the nice comments you love these
for Ana video video and live back to our
do it is a robot yeah guys are winners
winner winner chicken dinners new you're
my best friends princess Holly Ben
health adds their friends Barnaby and
strawberry are playing a game of fetch
with Gaston the ladybird gasp on its
everybody true the grass to the place
where he found the robot hello I am the
robot I have a windy thing in my bum
look the robot wanted a cuddle hmm
somebody car told me please well please
give me a cuddle - I really need a
cuddle
all I want is a cuddle
please Rock the poor robot didn't get a
cot every guest
not unless I get a cuddle elleny get the
robotic cuddle
thank you for my cuddle goodbye friends
see you tomorrow
say bye friends
hey bye friends
