life is not itself a serious thing that
affect men all over the world you don't
understand you don't know that
you want to take care of that that's
poorly you gonna look after me what
about me going to paint her to paint her
nails will you look after daddy dad with
the lady of the house then you know that
you're next in charge
the mommy huh but mommy's not here
you're the next oldest girl that he's
gonna need you to read him stories took
him up in bed yeah it is the real thing
well I'm the sick one good morning
princess Eduardo you lose your minion
an avocado for my lawn yeah so feeling a
vice
Oh your friend
breakfast I want you to be YouTube's I
never gonna get that these imaginings of
the planet that were a Kiwi honey orange
coffee run hola big bottle of water fly
what that was nice and mummy wasn't it I
think these guys today
what well hold on I gotta get my shoes
on does it have to drop the media to
school
n'yar I didn't take a look at me
are you ready for their school run from
car I just saw someone tweeted this
morning yesterday was her last school
one day I guess some of you guys are
finishing up school junior is it the
a-level
thing or whatever country you're in or
you're leaving cert or what are you
doing America ace answer s factor isn't
something like that I'd already know
imagine we keep up
vlogging for Amelia's entire duration of
school and we make that line my last day
like I'm either sitting there and she's
like 17 or somewhere and you're leaving
it's the last school run obviously volga
have a long-haired a big long beard i
already fall this school rod for some
reason in this scenario i look like an
elf no no I
that's my imagination I have a walking
saying thou shalt not school run
and all friends have fun guys
I'll be here's your harness you forgot
your harness you know he's the best job
partner is the right idea the Harlequin
fix the traffic eat yourself buddy we
just got a delivery
buddy anyway I am a gggg
guess he's back back again guys it is
such a beautiful day today and I'm
suffering with a calls I really I'm
considering just going out on the bike
cuz I haven't I haven't got a chance yet
even go and test the route that a
British Cycling sent me for our meetup
thing our bike friend mean up on Sunday
I really wanted to catch the ball I just
don't know like I really wanted to be
better and I feel like I need to just
like take it easy and rest and I'll get
better but it's really sunny and I want
to test today I want it all that has my
name on it I should probably read it
there's a love part and a face hold on
let's see was from Thank You Rene
hopwood Amelia stole this letter and I
did not see it so right now look what
what's this a on the box there what's
that say Zoe don't we send you something
we see what it is
Anna and Amelia it also says sorry
meaning it's not peanuts this time like
Sweet Inspirations oh did she send us a
box of sweets tonight new stuff look a
little handbag maybe oh no this is a
handbag is it wait that's not a mic is
this a vacuum bag or something and then
it's a squishy thing Oh dad oh we can
pack these in here what
pop yeah I think it special limited is
your biscuit oh my goodness they are
biscuit no way they're actually edible
the okay hold on that was a terrible
mistake
thank you very much you can smell like
Zoey yeah
it's precious it's very precious yes
yeah you can have it right I have been
so busy lately right I have not got a
chance to even turn on the PlayStation
and where is she far cry 4
I think I left off at like chapter I
don't know I am chapter 20 or somewhere
I'm live in sure another is like 23
chapters in it so I'm glad cuz I was
like flying alone so I suppose I haven't
even looked at him like a week or so I
can't remember where I was in it but I
know this is probably it's probably
gonna I'm probably gonna play for like
an hour somewhere that'll be it'll be
over but I might as well why not see it
as I'm sick cat chill from where my
Drake situations and you guys play
Uncharted is a very very good game it's
very like Last of Us it's very story
driven I like it yeah oh 19:01 chapter
19 Avery's descent I think anyway I
catch you guys in a bit I'm off to find
pirate treasure
oh my goodness
she's got instruct on our peppers but
from sending what is it there's a beef
mince me some carrots or something all
veggies oh my goodness sign of the box
you excited about if you did it Bo box
oh it's so heavy
but lads their shoes in here
shoes for me I kind of look like Santa
Claus here Oh what do we have here pray
tell what who cares my feet are going in
here
Tom's wait what's that what a folding
frozen scooter
Amelia SJ look at this guy huh what you
going to build it right now
I think exactly for me
if you're done
what they brought
I'll do a little approach to something
not sure how we went from blaming stuff
to like Oh me just change my outfit now
yummy let me see your new dress oh very
nice
got new shoes as well oh why do I got
something here
right I think it's time for the bath
that's the bots in the bed and the book
about the book in the bed in that exact
order one minute one minute okay so
somebody snuck out of bed
hmm why did you sneak out of bed you
couldn't sleep well
was it not good enough no you have like
a very particular type of sleeping that
has to happen
you've got ballet in the morning don't
you yeah you don't be time for ballet do
you know sometimes you have tickle
asleep even if you don't want to go to
sleep that's okay look at it go buddy
you can see the Roberto always guy he's
so cute he's just chillin behind me
alright I just want to have a quick chat
with you guys about something I really I
already feel like I don't want you know
what to do and I kind of want your help
a little bit you guys know that and it's
being true a lot that has been through a
lot lately she was pregnant for almost
three months and then you know we
miscarried
and she took her like a champ because
that's what Anna does Anna doesn't she's
very proud person
she's very strong person and she doesn't
like to put it out there and show
emotions and people confuse that for her
lack of emotion and then they say stuff
and they say like she doesn't care about
what you guys don't see it's what I see
and I see the girl really upset and I
see her crying and I see her be really
her PO people are saying about her
online I'm not saying that you guys
saying it it's it's other people saying
it I'm making videos about it and
talking about it being real derogatory
towards her and like tearing her apart
and she just she doesn't really know
what to do and I feel like she's she's
in a very vulnerable time right now
because miscarrying like they told us
they warned us that they were gonna say
said like you know even though you might
be upset now you're going to be upset in
a while it's going to hit you and I feel
like she's leaning right now because
obviously she put on the weight for
being pregnant and now she's just all
paranoid and upset about it and then I
don't mention the channel sort of videos
or anybody who has been saying so far
better because I will indirectly
popularize those people and give them
exactly what they won this is why they
are saying something better but I'll
just ask everybody just go go and tweet
Anna and say something nice to her you
know hit on up on Twitter on Instagram
on Facebook on her videos leave comments
here below just that's that's like you
know to me love Anna like give us give
her some love you know and if you see
people out there on videos or whatever
it is attacking her like just leave
comments and say stop stop it like you
know um we're real P you tubers are real
people we have real feelings when we
read crap about us on
it hurts our feelings so normally we
don't read stuff about us online
but then when people keep sending stuff
it's really hard to not hear all the
noise in the chatter in your little ears
you know so I feel like it's getting
that all right now and I don't like
seeing my best friend being upset so I
know you guys are my friendliest friends
and I know that we have the power to
make Anna feel really really happy and
loved and cared and beautiful that she
is so go forth and say nice things
