hello there and welcome to this video
presentation and you've clicked on let
me introduce you to my turn daughter
second daughter who is the fast asleep
right now to wake her up very very
frosty and pull on the window you know
their princess hello there how are you
doing how you doing huh do you have a
nice sleep wanna come for a cuddle
look when I turned off the machine I was
blogging as I walked up to the thing to
turn it off but it takes a little
screenshot just at the end
monkeys are busy I'm sad watching
oh you watching wife Bobbie Barbie
Barbie no he's watching PJ masks oh is
that what oh that was okay I see how are
we twins are we no no no what's your
plan what's the time thought we could be
twins
uh-huh she's are you look at her hair
color I think it is more like your hair
color
yeah maybe it's definitely the lightest
though the attitude yeah there's more it
was like this though what is it
I can't remember I feel like hers this
bit light just for one second but they
all come at Brown it's weird isn't it
they all come in oh this is your shirt
out and that one hair so she just brings
even it back because it's so dang you
need to bring its fancy day today and we
need to bring so this weight thing if I
put it could seep sit I bought your work
today and I'll see if I need anything so
I'm going to just pick me now I'll show
you how I know it sir I'll actually this
is
I am going to show you some things about
my closet so this is my school look at
this the toy chest that I ordered
several weeks ago maybe a week and a
half ago but still that Jonathan was
like yes I'll build it for you this
weekend and I was like cool that's never
gonna happen because I asked him to put
it there and then because I wanted to
get something done and I can't build
anything like let's be honest I was not
gonna attempt it and I don't care what
anybody says
I cannot build furniture I've built one
chair of ours in our kitchen and in just
the one chair that wobbles and squeaks
so I'm not building anything ever again
does anybody else's husband act like
this I swear it's a man thing I have no
problem with calling a handyman I'm
getting him to build this toy chest no
problem I know several I could call and
they would do it for me
for like not much of a fee um but
Jonathan's like no like offended like no
I'm I'll do it like I think it just
affects their manliness or some things
I'm just like the thought of paying
somebody else to do something that they
are capable of doing but he's busy it's
not that he's lazy he's busy he works
like you know seven days a week so I was
like okay well I think if you're gonna
do it then can you do it now cuz like
that's what I need it for he was like no
I'll do it on the weekend and the
weekend drived he said he would do it on
Sunday last day Sunday came and went
it never happened and then lo and behold
it's the weekend again and it's not meat
and the toys haven't been put away
because there's nowhere for them to go
so should have just recalled the line oh
yeah why are you in your school uniform
in media and why are you in shorts and
t-shirt Oracle
does anybody else have kids do this you
go through so much laundry because they
keep pulling out clothes that you
shouldn't be wearing
I think yourself funny don't you so
funny
mmm well don't do this yeah well it's
the middle of winter what are you doing
that's not for adults okay if you break
this no no ed why I don't know it'll
actually break I'm scared what I always
do this it wasn't even that expensive I
don't never broke the media's bad yeah I
was pretty sure they were that was one
bed pretty sure it was more expensive
sorry let's go trying to do it alright
come on let's go everybody
okay she's gonna freak out with less
business yeah where's Alice yeah yeah I
mean you did that I ate noise all over
Oh God look you're gonna need to move
her thing down we're gonna need to move
this down Jonathan I always try every
more than see if you you know know but
that's bad if she does not in her car
what do you go seriously though we are
gonna move it down moving that down and
what's the other thing you have to do
over the gardens no involves building
tools build a house see he's already
forgotten
are you a repairman or find you months
let me know all right let's see vegan
captures a minute ago that's yeah almost
crawls all right ready turn enjoy that
iPad watch your to type on here oh oh
now just one more little crab one more
little crab huh
you can do it less yeah that's it look I
said you know rest you go rest out the
life huh we give you a look let me give
you a little push here go go go go
what's your house no no push it off job
push push push
yeah push push push push push push push
push push sounds like actually having a
baby okay now stop pushing okay and rest
is literally always been doing all day
friends
it's a Sunday but it's not Saturday look
at these two look at these two we'll
explain this to me guys this is your bed
so why do I jump off onto this okay it
sounds fun
okay all right here we go really ready
the trampoline park is a trampoline park
had to be done lads
we got the willies we got well you got
some willies
inside guys it put in it in in in in in
going in in place Oh watching the storks
movie it's actually it's quite funny
thank you quite funny thank you funny
why it's Willy's my koala Willy's is the
end of the story wad that we've had the
chocolates you know watching historic
movie and it's at the end it's like
actually really good I'd never seen this
talking before you saw her whole life
I'm sorry I was asking me to do you
remember when distorted of a Jew Amina
watch Eduardo I wished historic would
bring you back he got a sister Danny
that's again that's actually good movie
isn't it
baby she quite fun I've never seen it
before two stories
what do you say what do you saying yeah
nothing nothing nothing
and that's all she wrote friends so we
didn't actually vlog or edit or do
anything on Sunday apart from just like
chillax like a family so I just look
like yesterday friends but I think that
was Saturday but it looks like Sunday so
it can be whichever whichever you need
is to be it can be whatever day you
wanted to be friends but how cute was
Alessia she's did a little peekaboo
she's like I'm so cute to watch her like
develop and you don't even starting to
crawl now and then she wants to sign up
now and then she wants to like play a
little peekaboo game are so cute anyway
hope you enjoyed this video presentation
situation and do you know what you know
wash I'll see you tomorrow
Oh
