hello friends good morning good
afternoon are you taking me Goods no why
don't you you should take all the kids
and all the dogs and then I'll play
Uncharted all day wrong that sounds like
the plan the more I think of it the more
anything it's a brilliant plan I gotta
bring the bike shop and see if the bike
is ready cuz look another beautiful day
today will be a perfect day the cars
inside that side
do you notice guys you ever ordered a
car they always come like an hour
earlier and then they put you under
pressure
I suppose they came later it'll be more
annoying but they always convenient
you
hey I was in there on Thursday and I
dropped my biking yeah yeah awesome news
friends don't hit the baby the baby's
asleep
hey don't media Eduardo's hitting the
baby what hit you well maybe you
shouldn't hit it where I don't know now
Rapunzel's hitting the baby don't it's
the baby
robot here robot is a sensing robot so
there's like a thing inside it that
makes it smell it smells nice you wanna
smell it that's not good that's not the
bit you smell no no guys guys guys
Emilia has the bit you smell smell the
thing immediate mal nice mmm I almost
taste a little bit there why are we
putting it in we put this here it's it's
a mild surgery procedure okay I'll
finish we're gonna transplant
you know transplant here put that in
there something something just turn down
there so is he gonna make it doctor
sling this nuther mm-hmm you did it guys
did we do it Wow well guys you can't
make a mess so median order go dancing
now and then we've got swimming
afterwards we are all free swimming
daddy's gonna go swimming and amelia is
gonna watch that is coming is that right
what
hopefully poisoning not the EBC me what
does daddy going is daddy going big boy
stripping or baby swimming grown-up
swimming very good they've trained her
well
I guess a good bit a little funny shoes
this is why I don't wear down busy
fortunately daddy has to go in this one
so that's right mommy's going you know
one that is not a mommy no okay that is
the other city shoes on this matches my
shorts tone
I said take a look at
I'm just actually really I wrote out an
entire tree on what's asked of IQ and
then I was like ah
I'll just call you and said okay I have
a good treatment for your project though
what are we doing are we making rice
krispies guys you're making a birthday
cake my birthday cake I do like ones
actually yeah this is so cool
thank you so much guys mmm all right
crispy cake and is more cream and soda
soda is good oh oh do we need some of
this guys a little bit of this water we
just need we need a little bit I put it
in there
Oh leap yeah yeah what else did you
recipe is there any blue ones in the
recipe some okay just like one little
petal I think okay we're make oh you
just pop it in there is that how it
works
oh yeah you just put it in there can I
can I try some mmm did you try some
wardo what's them what it's rice
krispies cake
this is the best lunch I've ever had
guys for tomorrow
media I have a question for you do you
like making videos do you do you like
that mummy and daddy make videos of
their life you know if you ever don't
want to make videos you can tell me you
can make your makeup very nice you have
to get it once worldwide it was asleep
by now does it wider like making videos
so sometimes not as much as you know
we're getting together
are you ready for the bike run bike run
I have my assistant here with me who's
that guy stuff like a Hollywood star
avoiding the paparazzi think of the big
glasses I can give up in sunglasses are
in the house right I'm gonna click the
car no I'm gonna take the bike there's
the cart right there it's over here like
friends like friends where are you
it's kind of odd that milk bike friend
has returned just go put it that's right
my friend nice that's new everything I
am ready for Sunday you guys ready for
Sunday I think we got tons of entries by
the way for the thing on Sunday what
we're going to fight I think everyone's
gonna find out on Thursday we're gonna
email the peeps that were choosing to
didn't anyway I cannot wait to go ahead
a bike friend right kinda thing sure
and we gonna look at the car just
abandoned all right let's see if I can
go right up into the car you ready here
we go one go
so what my preferences really stop it
like Ronnie's and another little
adventure another adventure together or
like to you adventure what where's
Eduardo media where's Eduardo
where is mr. Eduardo what's going on
under here guys
are we having a club hello everybody
hello everybody hello Bianca Navy hello
oh my goodness right so I'm working now
because I can't the concept of the video
is putting a camera on one of the dogs
and going and doing like a thing with
the dogs and getting the dogs point of
view with the cat how much point is that
gonna be oh my goodness
hello pee pees and no people is what
hello piggies
hello boo-boos do you have poo poos you
do have poo poos then let's go come on
mr. poo poo come on mr. poo poo let's go
have a poo poo let's go change your poo
poo all right go into my office there
and I'm gonna get your new not be okay
you just chill there chill like Bill
what Mike Rivard selection here lads
efore Eduardo what
well it's gonna need some Walker weights
you get into my office right now let's
go let's go mister we have a pool
appointment at the point a puman buy
what you want your what
in jail your minion balloon
alright here you get your minion balloon
alright and jump down here let's get the
show on the road
you love writer who's worried I'm gonna
marry his water gonna marry daddy
yeah he's water gonna marry peopie's
yeah is water gonna marry poo-poos leave
me comments let me know who you're gonna
marry snog marry avoid how are you weird
everywhere
you better not avoid me okay toys bad
time where does in the bath but I cannot
find a media anywhere where is it media
guys I don't know what a media is does
anyone know where I mean it is what was
that hey do you guys hear something
did you guys hear something I can't seem
to fear oh well I might as well just
jump on my bed then because I can't find
Amelia anywhere so here I go family
rosaline hello Ellie Rosaline would you
like to have a bath Ellie Rosalie you're
not Emilia would you like to have a bath
every Rosaline no but I just pop you in
the bath like this Oh already take your
clothes off first
Oh terribly sorry about that
he does yeah come on let's go let's read
this book what
whoever gets up the little gardener huh
get this one to Amelia and Eduardo
that's an art book
come on radio you want babies confused
do you want questions and answers about
your body where I know what oh why don't
you hear that if the winner gets up they
get this book in their room when I get
up here okay come on wino quickly you
could be the winner you can get this
book their little gardener that looks
like a fun book doesn't it yeah why does
not talking you got the stairs come on
you could be the winner
Wow put it in your room yeah so bad okay
give him a hug and kiss and you go into
your room did you kiss you and your
bumbum night-night Amelia oh thank you
nightmare you mean yeah
