good morning friends from sunny
Bournemouth which didn't get the memo
and is not sunny this morning but you
know what is sunny my appetite
look at this selection that was brought
here this morning someone asked you
sausages over here look at these things
I've never seen that I've never seen
like Nutella like actual Nutella Yogi's
owners not like Phil's and Nutella
this looks really good this looks good
and tasty just getting the vlog started
out it's not the most pleasant of days
friends we plan for it we packed our
hunter boots and everything yesterday
we're comics we check the weather I'm
just kind of disappointed for all you
for everybody that actually is gonna
turn up the meeting today
because some people are gonna have to
wait like three hours if you come
towards the end like you know as long as
everyone how's umbrellas and everyone
knows the weather it should be okay but
it's like uh-huh it's just this more you
know I want everyone to have a good time
and I can't
unfortunately I can't control the
weather yet I have my people working on
it see if we can you start something
that that's why we need to just do our
meetups in California guaranteed not to
rain did we in California remember yeah
yeah
so maybe not California we need to do it
where does it not rain indoors indoors
we need to do in Norfolk walkies that
would be actually a good idea
I've stayed to the RSPCA today see if we
can look that up anyway let's have some
breakfast so Jonathan is showering I've
stolen his camera and it's raining today
but guys if you watch me on snapchat you
probably already know this but I think
there's just some viewers um I have this
crazy hay fever like allergy thing which
out every single meet up because they're
always in a big field they like
basically rub off this entire eye makeup
obviously the solution would be to not
wear makeup or not wear eye makeup but I
like I makeup and I love
doing a winged liner at the end of every
big walkies last week I literally had my
wing was gone from this I and it was
still on this one so I should I just get
allergies and like hay fever at this
time of year he and I take stuff for it
but doesn't really work that well well
it works but not like a hundred percent
if you see me out of meetup and this eye
looks wonky you'll know that's why all
right I'm at a shower we were just
waiting for Vivien he's coming with
sucks for everybody stop the knickers
but I just am I noticed a lot of people
were tweeting me asking me my opinion
about the Jessie and Gina's situation if
you guys don't know that prank vs. prank
we worked with them on the prank Academy
episode which hasn't come out yet it's
conferencing I was in New York last year
I've met him a couple of times there are
a few conventions like they're really
nice I get along well with them but this
is not to talk about their situation but
to talk about our situation because I
saw another video Michael Buckley made a
bet and he's saying about people like
daily vlog in relationships and the
pressure that comes with like if there
it is our relationship is our careers
based on a relationship being strong you
know and I thought we had to settle we
just spoke about it there for about an
hour
Vivian has just come to the door and
wound you ruin my video ruined my video
so baby in a dream the video but we're
saying that like we got together years
before we got on the internet you know
and I feel like I feel I feel our
relationship is still really strong like
how many years like three before was our
YouTube three yeah three years you know
and you feel like the relationship is
still really strong there's nothing I'd
ever think I feel feel the exact same
way like you know we fight all the time
but we fight as much as we did before we
are a internet we fight as much as you
did before we had kids
you're never having kids it's warm or
tired I'm just because we say that we
fight in one video reference one are you
our relationship is on the rocks yeah
because that's thing like this but I
think fighting is part of you know being
in a strong health relationship it shows
that you care about
yeah and we're passionate for German if
I didn't love you I wouldn't care
therefore we wouldn't fight that much
you know but I think we talk about
everything everything that we do we
always make a decisions as a couple you
know I've never thought I could do
better our range is pretty good and I
feel like we've actually gotten stronger
after what happened yeah with the admit
to admit with the miscarriage you know
there was a lot of pressure doing that
on the Internet as well and I think
they're like trials in your life their
trials in our relationship and I think
we came out or not stronger yeah you
know we're better together now I see
Vivian he's ruined our video are they
are do you am outside oh we thought well
they say snow those dogs is that a joke
we had accepted it really accepted there
for me can I have a sock
don't be licking my squid Seashore
winner of opener look at these they're
cool t-shirts they're so cool they got
paw prints oh my god it's so funny when
you get a pen look it as a sign here on
the back alright so we're in the car
we're gonna head to the car park now we
have to do a quick champion sex I
changed into our hundred boots we put
them in the back of the car he was
changing well you've got hosing yes it's
good the rain has actually stopped which
is good so now the drain has stopped so
it's just like a little bit washed she's
good
how funny is this where that is where we
parked last night when we went to get
food and stuff like that we actually
have now realized we could have stayed
in the hotel
I bought that I bought the Buteyko offer
thing as well taxi because we've
realized we from our hotel we were about
10 minutes walk so we drove here and we
are now 20 minutes walk to here event we
did not achieve a lot in our in our
driving I mentioned so we're not gonna
get a taxi to do that look I can walk in
puddles we do our big Wellington race
all right
bring us to the Meetup
let's talk about you let's talk about me
but do you remember this but this is
like four or five years ago I made this
t-shirt I'll be seen at this long before
2060 very good very good
amazing oh my god it's dark in here now
what
yeah no it's actually really hot in here
luta prodigy luckily I knew I loved us
okay
are you telling you that's her dad you
know your dad are you a question mom
it's my best friend's birthday right
away hey she didn't know about those 14
she brought me some birthday cake
and she's a candle candle seed now she's
too busy watching surgeries
oh we're talking great he's getting at
deep talk about a human
oh we're going to find EVPs okay
everyone thinks for leaving not leaving
well coming back I'm trying to find the
toilet I cannot believe you bought me a
dog Lily come live with me
it's okay she'll understand he's like a
giant puppy because those baby bug
doesn't blood doesn't block the videos
okay go start the car you know so thanks
for your dog thanks for giving me your
dog they bought a video is that what she
sounds like
yeah alright a meet-up is over but they
took it
held by foreign meds
okay it's like the colors
hi o Farentino it's supposed to be
really sunny in London tomorrow so I
have hope for the big walkies
last week we sat here at a meet or a
services and I was like that is like the
biggest meetup I've ever DeLong's me to
preferred in Cardiff was was four and a
half hours six hours oh we did a six
hour meeting what's where I can our
lineup that's it pack up yourself lights
were going to Orlando 20 million degrees
what's life in court oh I'm team
tomorrow banking tomorrow cloudy but
sunny but no rain I'll take it glads
six-hour meet oh never been done before
it was amazing to meet so many people
that's appropriately for this weather we
weren't supposed to be too easy with the
Krispy Kremes legs
they're just vegetables and have a look
at them not saying anything we're just
coming to say hi
wherever needed bathroom watch out even
a little pocket bike
Hey hello after services I had to wipe
off my hundred boots
I'm wait this is all going to explode
okay so this is what we're talking about
here just open this up here oh boy
you guys are crazy I've been crushed
I've been crushed no friend so we bid
you farewell and we do it all again
tomorrow
in London town oh we did it in London
like last weekend as well think it's
gonna rain tomorrow all right
you may go it's like this video all
right goodbye friends oze tomorrow need
to say something inspirational probably
oh my god we should do tonight your own
hands thing no you know they're like you
know they're not my hands challenge okay
obviously why would my house you do your
makeup as a not my hands challenge
literally Oh be Hilaire believe Carl and
Sarah we should they're my friends looks
like your hand look no it's not because
nobody's hand comes at me that only
works when there is I'm so hot different
colors to my face nobody I know all
right this time
I am saying goodbye for real my friend
see you tomorrow
literally see zombie tomorrow hi I don't
know it does that away
