steady
just warning friends and welcome to a
video presentation by me every time I
say that welcome to I always think of
crash test dummies once there was this
boy
garden - and ox burn couldn't come to
school oh yeah
give me a monkey girl oh oh oh look at
this I need to clean it before we go to
warm it I kind of drive deform it in a
dirty car what will people think
are you ready for that school run the
media is having a very emotionally
charged morning this morning today
friends we drive to Bournemouth right
now you shoot me Amelia we just go at
mommy
you and me know what's gonna think she
we just abandoned steel and go straight
home like come on like you can you go to
school what they're not painted nails
okay do you have a paintbrush no what do
we not deal with our imagination okay I
tell you what I'm gonna drop you into
preschool real quickly okay
and then we'll go home I'll come back in
a little while I'm gonna page nails deal
plunge it boom all nice and sunny today
isn't it oh yeah we'll keep it on for
now until we get this cool
you know everybody is rendering
jellybeans or nearly all gone so I just
need to pack for Bournemouth I need
socks I need socks and a camera I'm
ready to go first Amelia I know in this
video right now it seems like I only
dropped a meanie off a school a minute
ago basically came home and then turned
around went back out but he mainly went
to school six hours ago
I was very busy this morning that
happens a lot in video in vlog video
video blogs when like I might do
something that I flogged and then I
might go and I might have meetings where
my hangouts and friends and I might do
something where I don't blog it and then
I picked a vlog back up and it seems
like this amount of time doesn't exist
it won't be interesting on a video to
put like a timestamp you know like if
you put a time here of every clip at the
time was in on every clip I think I'm
really interesting to do it will be a
hell of a lot of work
you'd have to track the time every
single day when it actually is
forever
welcome home
are you HOT did you have fun in school
today she's a lady of short a few words
today are you yeah it's one night gonna
have my backpack on because I'm going to
Bournemouth okay is it a really big
backpack yeah it's got my socks jocks in
my camera that's all I need what anyway
alright so we're gonna go obviously the
balloon is in charge okay no you want to
be in charge
alright you're in charge of the blue
what krispies you had krispies yeah
green please please
they're called kale crisps what yeah
you're hanging around on martha's but
they're too much it's your problem why
you media as you tomorrow
just up until my partner in crime with
the time no you don't need no pajamas
underwear socks
that's all I brought was thoughts and
jocks what that Giants do please oh geez
let's get a Starbucks first you can
pretty get something in there like
pajamas
the Cobham services there is M&S but it
says food Oh looks like one of those
bean boozled jelly beans like the snot
or the grass one well when I said
anything that this morning I was even a
revolted at the footage I like having
memories and dog food and stinky socks
pick up
where the fun never ends
last time we were here was six years ago
when we moved from here to London we
packed all of our stuff into the car we
didn't even have Alby yet like we were
just wonderful without a blog this is so
much you've got the big wall no way I
don't think so
oh my goodness look at that Beach it's
so beautiful that's the one thing we're
missing from our lives the beach think
you found the hotel we're not a hundred
percent sure this is so cool
oh my goodness I gonna Pierre don't look
down you just know that is where I'm
going to be filming the intro tomorrow
morning is that that you can go outside
the entire balcony so you can walk
around the whole room outside it's so
cool how many one of these I can I'll
bet you which one well very properly
let's find the car party
I think I have found carpark I'm not
100% sure where exactly I'm supposed to
park
what are your parking rules in
Bournemouth I hope this will do
but how do I get out of here hello
is it the speed you're looking for all
right let's see that Pizza Hut there
remember my mom and her boyfriend came
down here and we went to the Pizza Hut
yeah that was nothing like I think the
night before my graduation maybe yeah we
got takeout you came up we got
collection
oh okay fever okay yeah we're not sure
where to go we know that the main hi
suit and all this down there and on
these knickers so Knickerbocker glory
let's go fine for join us firefight
nickers first easy on toes Oh something
already zootropolis in there
and embarrassment the unknown situation
is not solved itself yet it's not been
good there's a tax go over here we're
trying what's up art it's not like a
guard it looks like it's gonna be
napkins rolled into knickers okay I
could like make some knickers out of
like the curtains or something
we're not check your shirt I'll be nice
last chance
they want to come I feel can you write
of course these okay the first person we
made informal
it's my new best friend are we that
sends the best friend Ariana we're bad
friend this is my boyfriend right what's
even going on thank you so I just
googled I actually TripAdvisor then so
it's been good but I TripAdvisor to what
I recall it searched for the best place
to eat for in with I'm this place came
up this place looks like it is a
takeaway it says other thing I was like
okay this is strange we kind of heading
out of tears like I don't know I think
it could be good you never know dodgy
little takeaway places I'm like okay
never mind and these are healthy
I think one myth is not to cut them I
remember yeah it has been a long one yet
yeah it really makes very high-end so
come all the way to Berlin glad so you
gotta take away a pizza well we kind of
got a takeaway pizza I'm in the middle
of editing editing look it is what serve
me well have to figure out which one's
yours
obviously the waters for you the Bears
the O's for me the mango and
passionfruit I look at my thing it came
in like a little thing daddy's tree for
you oh no it's like I see ah it looks
nice get Kim what I'll see you now yeah
a little bit my left yeah that's good I
wasn't sure about it yet in the pizza
you know but you ran you chose wisely
I'll never I've never had a pizza what's
a piece of that all right where's Milan
you see what I got it
I went for a meat beef thighs oh yeah
pepperoni mozzarella rocket could he use
a little bit more rocket but I will
forgive you in this occasion
I wanted to see what it looks like out
there at night cause it's dark but it's
starting to rain
Oh No or in some breakfast pizza was
amazing right we're gonna go to bed
we got a crash kind of weight right I'm
really looking forward to meeting all of
our mat peeps
tomorrow it's for me so much fun I
really hope it looks like it's gonna
rain we just died but I'm still
available for rainy hugs what's it like
about the beach lads right let's get out
of here boyfriends Oh hope you've
enjoyed today's video presentation
situation hope it was exactly what you
are looking for yeah I didn't notice
that's from like oh yeah you're probably
have leaky eye tomorrow forever I know
my friends I'll see you tomorrow
