wake up when the Sun comes down and
light falls on my head
get up pull the curtains back at awake
by sleepyhead last night
I woke up dancer
Faison Tamala
and I
dreamy
good morning I don't know a quarter gets
that from
but you only like put that full effort
what happens dead and you guys get new
cups
you got a minion one cool
you got a princess one frozen one was
that frozen did you put it in the
freezer
oh I think you got them did we get them
in the London one or Cardiff one oh geez
so tomorrow morning or tomorrow
afternoon we're heading to Fort Worth
I'm excited about - see the old stomping
grounds for you're going to watch who's
that sure draw yeah but who's that give
a weirdo Eduardo who's that minion yeah
Emilia who is that Elsa and Anna isn't
just for the same thank you things don't
forget Oh in case you forget it's
written Irish that's why daddy has your
name here in case I forget your name I'm
like you said again
oh yeah it's Amelia the squid you like
this squid that's a small thing right I
always like the kisses it use Pittacus
yeah oh this one's like huge compared to
that one yeah okay new Wow mom you can
take it out
- like a big dog whoa
oh no no nope what's happened in water
tried to be cool and now he's a fool
there you go
in the streets
hello friends um things didn't go to
plan
doing a really cool fun thing shortly
and I wanted to announce it today so I
thought the best place to announce it
was the place I'm actually doing the
thing and then it all went wrong thank
you
cool nice job mate
where was the media today tada explosion
have the dick soft play when I'm five as
I can go up the big deep one and now I
can't own a tangible up there and he
didn't listen did he not listen he's so
little did white oak attend a big slide
nothing Oh what would have happened if
water went down the slide here a heart a
scout he wouldn't hurt himself exactly
because how old do you have to be to go
in the big slide fine when I when I use
out a long time ago when I'm five I
can't go in a long time ago when you're
five now we have it oh thanks a lot me
maybe the big questions in the booth huh
well we don't need this wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait push push push push
yeah maybe huh my plant look at the
level of mud situation here you're not
gonna believe what just happened we
pumped it up I was going to put it
straight into the car and then I was
like oh you know what
I'll give it a buzz up and down and I
got onto it and the chain snapped like
she hurt my busy leg as long chain just
snapped enough
Marty all right I tell mommy what we're
doing no doggy friends I also just
remembered that I have to put the car
seat back into the car oh wait I'm
supposed to put the car seat oh geez
we will have to do this rear cassette as
well because a chain and that part will
wear together jockey wheels should be
okay once we've got those cleaned out oh
my goodness I turned out the bikers in
like a really bad way
loads of parts of it were like broken
and fallen off it was like well the
frame is okay but like everything else
is like battered that's the thing about
mountain biking
I'm Hardy right here I just wrap the
bike
look at the dirt two fighters behind how
can so much mud come from such a little
bike you want to get a new bike what you
want a new bike for was how do you why
we'll make a deal
will we make a deal if Amelia can cycle
her bike for 30 seconds we'll get you a
new fancy cool bike oh my phone's
ringing phones ringing Oh like you stuck
in uncharted know which yeah which part
is it again
we are friends and bike friend order
bike friend
so here we are a couple of hours in
heater it wasn't a bike ride I wanted to
go on okay it was the best one it was
the best solution okay and then when I
took the bike out I got a flat tire the
the battery died on the camera the chain
going to up like I was just like this is
not working too planned take two if
you've been watching these videos for a
long time you'll know that I have fallen
in love with mountain biking over the
last few years and I've always wanted to
do a mountain bike me a bike friend
meetup that's actually happening now so
on Sunday the 29th of May in the
Guilford area I am going to do a
friendly bike friend run we're going to
limit it to a very very very very very
very very small amount of people so the
first time ever doing anything like this
in the world ever I think I'm gonna
leave a link down below you guys can
click on and then you can join the group
so if you're free on Sunday 29 ma and
you enjoy mountain biking and you can
get your little bone to the Guilford
Area girlfriend is in Surrey by the way
let's do it let's do it let's go on a
bike ride hello you wouldn't want it
trust me
trust me he wouldn't want if friends it
is time to be bamboozled that's it this
is the third edition which concerns me I
didn't realize that which I think they
might have made them a hundred times
worse I played this what we have spit
out for as well
we have been right there when you open
it yeah it weeks
ladies first as they say give it a good
what color is that oh if I'm doing the
middle again
red red no blue one the blue one okay so
this one obviously well so many Blues
are bad and some little bridges are good
worst-case scenario anything seriously
you go berry blue all right give that a
spin get a good one
give daddy a spin look like this look
much mommy you do it get daddy a go spin
get me a good one wardo yeah I could do
it again
okay dad got the - oh jeez stinky socks
or tutti-fruitti oh come on lives you
know it was duty-free doesn't it he got
stinky socks
ah
it amazes me how to actually make them
what do you all like your turn four
corners in my dad she's gonna make me
we're back all right mommy have a Spanky
done a peach or vomit Oh teacher vomit
teacher about it here buddy we're not
gonna make you eat it
vomit Oh Oh gross lawn clippings or lime
she's you know what long kittens or lion
does not see on five if this is lawn
clippings what how bad can I be
is it long tipping yes
oh okay this is a worms not long living
oh yeah booger or juicy pear
in a pair I think some ah Johnny don't
be something rotten the green sheet is
long or booger are gone or we should go
again then no we've already got that one
at nine oh I don't want to eat grass
again is it lying is it like where is it
lon I think I'm stinky socks or
tutti-fruitti
if it's tutti frutti I'll be really
happy because that's my one of my
favorite oh it's pinkies up you can tell
what this is unwelcome please this is
oil bear versus unfair rotten egg or
buttered popcorn that's like a lose-lose
for me
I'd love buttered popcorn
what if it's rotten eggs it's not gonna
go away it's not gonna go away but eat
this is wrong Eggman it was instant it
was bloody instant mmm
I seriously win at all YouTube games um
oh my goodness I'm same as you
di think have you got the egg and asked
me for a popcorn no it's the egg one
right can you smell up no I don't want
to smell is the a thing yeah he was like
in spontaneous yatin vomit egg okay so
we've done them all except for two so
that's first off let's do the baby wipes
or coconut one I'm really laughing so
okay ready here Cheers
no no my god thought I got coconut first
I was like congratulating myself and
then it's not that bad cuz its thang
baby wipes but then it's that over well
making it this designer chocolate
pudding or canned dog food if we get dog
food do we get to give it to the dogs
I'm going to get the dog food I'm gonna
get dog food one ready
wait wait I got it there's no way to
tell it's instant no that's not nice
yeah I know it's meeting room it's for
dogs all right friends we're in comments
of some other challenges we should do
guys we should have baby food or next
anyway kids ooh crying we got a runner
bad let's get in here Anna Anna Jess
she's just eating them now oh you're
getting ugly I give up
it's a stinky sock by Brian Toby enjoy
the video and see you tomorrow
save my bread
J
I was
you
