what my face on every paid you baby
there in lights I want to sing for you
too
you just like the table
sighs
nicely
like there a second good morning friends
and it is lashing Wayne no we're having
such it's because it's because they're
both Scituate yesterday is it it's my
fault it's my fault
I went to look at a boat yesterday and
make plans I made plans
my father shouldn't have made plans and
she just made indoor rainy and cold day
plans getting in medias jacket by the
way she should have forgotten her yep
that is so disappointing what anyway
let's go
don't step on the snails you know what
my playing a game
are you ready for their school run can
you believe it's rainy no made all these
lovely plans to go out on a boat and now
it is raining oh no oh no it's gonna be
like this weekend if you guys don't know
I don't know do you know this Saturday
will be informant so I think we're gonna
head to for mass on Friday because I
really want to go out with like I was in
University aboard for ages and then on
Sunday we will be in Alexandra Park I
think he's heading below by the way all
right we have two minutes to get there
we are currently on unnamed road and
we're searching for my phone my phone so
choked up
we made it
let's go let's go mrs. mrs. fancy pants
in your trench coat your trench coat
matches the door oh yeah good let me go
back in our car I might start waving it
might hopefully it doesn't go
ah now who brought the rain I put the
running back from Krong oh hello there
I'm just wearing some discrete training
clothes
I hardly ever wear this one it's just
like 280 vibrating it makes me blind
slightly when I look at this
I I'm dressed for a swimming pool okay
here Sabrina it looks like you're
wearing a hat I know it's like slightly
oh yeah there yeah like oh my god yeah
where am i hat for ya you need to leave
all the kids in the car yeah it's left
in the car yeah you need every Gries
look at my hair you guys notice my hair
lately it's amazing
nine hundred ninety-eight thousand I'm
about to hit 1 million I'm very excited
about this fact and also speaking of
millions check this out not Ana is
almost going to hit a million billion
subscribers on YouTube if you guys don't
know Ana has her own channel I have my
own channel too but I'm never going to
make more than 69 videos ever which is
you guys you should check in on his
channel and subscribe to her I'm
definitely subscribed to her right I'll
leave a link down below let's see if we
can get her a million and then Ana could
get one of these big gold things and
then she'll feel really good about
herself and then she might even start
making even more videos on YouTube
awesome let's make it happen I know you
can do it I know you can do it hello
mister man you got your sunglasses your
cool dude are you you put are you
putting it in there it's Sabrina gave
Ana oh that's nice - one day just casual
casual casual Tuesday night or Wednesday
kind of handbag Wednesday's yeah it's
amazing so next Wednesday what are you
bringing us immediately love that you
know that cuz it's like all pink and
stuff wait Ashley yeah me do one what
did I get Davina
hey what you got oh yes
I'm the Kiwi on a pen and a paralyzed
Christmas what's going on here the
Tigers eating your car
oh no weirdo are we gonna need an
emergency situation yeah
Yuki nog now I've turned into a
Frenchman I am a French card
oh no see you later
oh no no no no you gotta do it right
okay ready ready go see you later
say see you later see you like ah and
then walk off driving in my car car want
you to them on the floor I like that you
have a nice vintage I like your vintage
car
mr. delicious mr. cool dude
watch out for the tiger he's over here
at least you've got the right shoes for
the weather yeah so do I don't what
somewhere head Ranger we're all on the
school run run well then let's go run
guitar you seriously not commented in oh
no no this is being bit luck I get us
giant car in my way you are white ha now
you add a nod we just sit on your seat
give your caustic you're so funny
so this morning and I decided to tell
Amelia about squid because she kept
asking questions did mommy tell you
about the baby this morning no what
happened to the baby
boy was it too small but isn't it okay
because where's the baby now no no's
house in the clouds yeah I think we'll
have another baby what a different one
yeah she's running is that upset about
it this morning when I when I was
telling her about it but uh she's okay
now we just thought it'd update you guys
because everyone's always asking well
who upset how are we going to tell
Amelia and we kind of waited until the
media asked the question herself and she
did she is now squid is up with no no
chillin and none else how is right in
the clouds
what do i yes
are you gonna be quiet
yep now pull-ups you gotta be Don Julio
obviously
but you've done gonna back up I see
which are Little Boots
Oh water open water take your coat
you're gonna hang it up for you what's
going on over here
did mommy tell you a story today now no
not telling you this story monkey man
is that what you said is it you like
voluntarily like came up and hominy yes
can daddy fit here now as well and daddy
just sit here Oh what is that you happy
is like oh let me just give me just get
a good spot here now can we just get a
good spot here now huh oh I just got it
she's gotta find the right spot here now
all right ready guys humans are nearing
today and he was like punched over this
bed with his head in it huh I was like
because it was really quiet and let's
not what's wrong he's like doing uphill
oh okay poor thing goes distress like
constipation that's where I usually
that's my spot that's my pee spot
they're just like the light over there
I check the cinema unless you want to go
through Civil War one season for
something it's good though movie shows
restaurant now who's going to be in
charge the balloon I go whoa oh you're a
big girl
yeah what about the balloon no the
balloon is always really good you know I
think a really big balloon a little boy
no I'm wing it good okay well camellia
can be in charge no no me let me charge
on to a bath time
then Eduardo is in charge after bath
time
Lloyd wardo is going to be the book
reader why are you trying to find me all
right well bye bye bye bye white Oh
bye-bye media bye bye kids bye ppthe by
poopoo bye
are you ready for a date night date
night that the date night not the hate
night it's the date night
don't be the mistake night you look very
nice thank you
you ripped your jeans dough I know it's
funny how like you notice that they're
more expensive to jeans the more ripped
they are they weren't even that
expensive no but like jeez are getting a
little out of control
okay this paint splatter ones yeah it's
like paint splatter on your jeans like I
just think jeans are getting a little
bit out of control
I know when I first got ones there's a
pen marker yeah oh wait that's just the
paint not a manufacturer people are
probably having a laugh at all of us
laughs Lauren but they're the gentlemen
supply line oh they're like a little bit
cheaper and then though I so spill some
painting rooms and it'd be like yeah
look at how high staying there it lives
there dirt cozy
say quick a French restaurant with your
French bread before you make it italian
they always bring out the french bread
and butter
when you say can I have some olive oil
and balsamic now they bought them
separately I actually had to merge it
because they didn't understand
all right yeah that's why the French
restaurant you always get the butter the
bread from the right can I put the
balsamic on all over a little vein pops
news I know that he gets it for me I
also get this French lemonade and you
guys French this is a good lemonade to
have it's citron lab more serene or
something like that this time I got the
chicken fries the rocket the carrots and
peas but they put them over there and I
got some pancake mushroom thing their
feet
Oh beans add they're the same things but
you get is that a crap much old is it
hot put in time oh no no no Joanna got
an apple pie and I got a four bay sabor
bay it was called boring boring boring I
was amazing though I need a knife give
me the knife mmm heat a knife in your
life I walked over here - I mess my team
is like this - I grew up in a house like
I have a belly full of French food for
the kids
look at that thing I was talking to
media today but every little car that I
had my paper what I wait for those seats
and dangerous oh not that dangerous not
I mean did a little cart lads were
holding hands
hey look at your shoes they are like
weapons weapons of mass castration oh
geez oh geez
looks like I went over we got kids to
feed safety thank you for the first you
enjoy your meal
all right this is now normally what we
do after date nights is you like to
drive around and find potential homes to
live in
it's like a little game that we play we
just like driver and on the right move
and look for houses that we can like
stalk so you lay your window Olimpia
tied your hands platelets I realize it's
possibly very dark and you may not
actually be able to see anything at all
so I'm just kind of talking to myself a
little bit here I'm springing it the
bins yeah a strong one there we go
all right we have lights we have lights
oh and our house talking actually worked
out really really well we found a really
nice house
but there was somebody in it I don't
know what their terms like I was like
what were you doing in my house what are
you doing in my future hats what put it
the car just locked
I didn't work out well bins are done my
friends my friend see you tomorrow
