good morning friends
all my friends
I was approached to get up in the
outside yeah we're all on a doggies and
mommy and daddy in the media you want
potency bells did you baddest mommy did
you Wow yeah one the very bouncy or is a
little bit been see how bouncy was it
you bounce daddy Wow no you're bad daddy
yeah there we go mmm look at this look
at this you can do it it's a scary time
it's a scary time in our lives
come here mr. delicious not yet used to
wearing your pajamas put some clothes on
put some clothes on first
would you have dance today yeah you know
you know how she got us that come please
you guys don't know that I'll see I'll
see bought me tight wrap it as a joke
turn out to be actually brilliant hmm
trampoline
target you about my right my car turns
into about elastic and I throw some
windows and I had a steering wheel
that's an amazing boat
I miss pink as well as pink and my cause
pink Wow
your boat and your car is pink this is
amazing okay we go to Disneyland and we
try I did get a hundred dollars
we got a hundred dollars no I think a
hundred dollars
cuz that wasn't enough money no how many
daughters did you take one you brought
one dollar to Disneyland
Oh what were you thinking huh how many
dollars do you think you need to bring I
think twenty twenty dollars you do it
yeah okay ten okay okay cool okay
oh you have ten dollars okay hey gasping
yeah
so meeting with that this morning and
she went swimming did you go swimming at
mommy this morning was it fun mommy give
you chocolate granola bar after swimming
oh my goodness I think the reason the
media is talking about boats is because
that's what we're going right now
we're going to check on my boat I
haven't seen it in a little while and I
want to make sure that it's okay it
survived the winter time it's been so
busy I haven't got a chance to go out
but I really want to bring Amelia Edward
accion whatever you want to bring Amelia
on a vote so I'm just going to check to
make sure everything's okay and then see
about getting her maybe like a life
jacket and stuff like that and then she
can come at my boat not today but am
soon because I think immediately like
that would you like that
get off this mall but on my shoes when
I'm with you
Inka nothing to lose
pallazo and when you start a couple of
miles a couple of potholes here there's
all the boats the boats a pillar boat
you want a car boat yeah I'm turning top
boat owl could you remember my to number
talk about my car turns into a boat on a
boat guys this is what I'm thinking of
that trade name these are called lasers
training at the laser for the kids I may
be so much fun I would you climb out
yourself you don't need to leave the
finger behind no Hercules is doing well
guys in case you didn't know this is the
most off-road this cars ever done what
which boats
oh yeah the cool boats aren't they oh
we're getting goes folks if you'd have
you decided let's go check the fuel a
little boat made it for the winter
it's down here would you actually come
though which I can command daddy's boat
with you it's down here I think Oh
resume move
lower
so do you think I was going to be
sailors are we be sailors on a sailboat
the seven seas in here when I fail the
seven seas or just like the one see or
just like the lake just the lake
so you guys know that's how you get your
exit
what do you think we can't go in at all
would you like to go in the lake with I
mean hi oh yeah yeah yeah would you be
afraid of that Oh daddy would be with
you cause Shh do you like it you
wouldn't fall out
no well you might but it's not it's lake
water wearing a floaty buoyancy aid just
like our bands sort of things hmm and it
doesn't rock like that in the water it's
actually quite stable okay hold on you
can find a smaller one people fall off
I'm sorry there you go all right lads we
are doing a little bit of off-road
driving here we have picked a boat that
we like we have got ourselves sized up
for a life jackets you know I let her
sit a few boats I think I think we found
a boat that you might like to go in so
right now I'm seeing if I can actually
drive up to the lake and show her what
the lake actually looks like I really
want this to work I really want this to
work and I know that like I have to do
everything right I get her dry to get
her right go get her right
everything has to be done right because
the one time the first time she goes
there she's either gonna love it oh oh
or she's gonna hate it and if she
doesn't like it if she doesn't have a
good time then she's just never gonna
want to do it again whereas if she goes
and has herself a good time she's gonna
want to do it again
spot here whoa it's going to be a bit of
an off-road situation here for us too
okay
at least we've dressed appropriately
what acorns
well this was completely worth it
hopefully somewhere up here is entrance
to the lake how would you want to sit on
this one no is it um let me try
something
oh you can kinda see the lake you
climbing up okay okay I kind of see the
ugly you can kind of see the lake when
you climb Oh can't you just way down
that way and there's the way down this
way what do you suggest you think this
way alright you're the boss this
wouldn't be bad for a mountain biking
actually I think I need to come down
here my mountain bike Amelia this looks
fun isn't it
so I was there Jamelia and I gave all
Amelia's toys away and I saw it and put
all the toys into their own would you
see it the little wooden cart you know
it was a red and yellow a little wooden
cart if your cokes in the drawer it was
like you know at the end of Toy Story
with all the toys are going away
he brought a bag of emotions every time
we're under flog you're crying no but
it's good but Amelia tank flu is that
with me since she didn't know she didn't
notice like pretty old toys as long as
she able to confine me we had all
charity bags in the garage and he kept
finding and taking about and replaying
with them re-- finding all their toys
again you know that have gone to a
better home recycled happier home some
kid is not pushing that thing around
half the time is like they don't take
car seats they can't sell them I like
'omg reasons I was like we have like so
many car seats perfectly good car seats
here
yeah alright stories begin the tourists
look at lo the strollers that airs on so
it's just all the toys and clothes my
clothes yeah I was good boom boom boom
ba-bum ba-bum ba-bum ba-bum ba-bum
ba-bum ba-bum ba-bum who's gonna get
dizzy first will it be hit water we're
daddy if it's daddy it's all gonna go
wrong
I've lost to hearing you my right here I
lost I can't see anymore
I can't see we're going down this is our
tango two seven five five credit
declaring an emergency landings we're
going to war you've got to find the
powers got ink
we're survived
we survived writer we survived
emergency services last arrived in the
form of Bianca Navy my mom JZ hello bum
bum bum bum bum ba ba ba ba bum
Eduardo 20 spinies did you see that well
obviously that fish yes it's video where
a car like I was messing right to the
door was open a little bit I was like oh
why no your doors open like adding drama
today
yep nice you know - Karthik it's over
multiple times oh my god yes but he was
all right he's a sturdy fella remember
remember that time when you agree that
you guys should go inside
nope I believe they have forgotten the
arrangement your green is what you climb
out come on come on come on come on mom
I got this blue white look it up for him
climb on climb on come on come on come
on come on come on weirdo yard I can't
see him I can't see oh I'm trying to use
the camera to see behind me all right
climb aboard let's go all right we're
all on your seatbelts on the carpet I
appreciate this lovely song here okay
here for me
Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing yeah what
does it matter
still Oh yummy shoot him in the olive
oil yeah nice look like some sort of
like epoxy get up oxygen pump is like a
poncho and a Mexican a pox again
forever
we are reading be patient
Dora what's that counsel present ah -
nothing you did have a present last time
who's that Mommy is that I'm dough and
dough laughs oh do not open the presents
Pandora
I'm not opening the box I'm just
catching the box oh did you wha Oh No
sitting with it
I'm just standing on it ha ha
when bouncing oh I had to Cheney little
bit huh Oh and Pandora I'm sorry mommy
do you still he has me bye friends
thanks for watching today's video
presentation situation exclusivity
limited edition comments and likes and
favorites this video is a limited
edition video because there will never
ever be another video like this one
limited edition video let's get it while
it's hot
see you tomorrow say bye friends
No - did a mine ie
doctor thought the way you did a mime ie
