good morning friends and fellow friends
and frenemies
it is a Friday friendly frumpy frozen
day what frosty day hey we might see
frosty the snowman is a friend to you
and me don't worry guys I'll get all the
bags oh my goodness it's frozen here
guys today it's so fun there's frozen
guys wonder will it snow you take the
shortcut so on Friday the kids to ballet
swimming PE and normal school stuff and
I'm left to carry all the bags the river
again so no guys that might be frozen
this morning we can run it across the
frozen pitch though come on look so
pretty guys oh it's not frozen ice but I
reckon do you know what I bet that's
really cold hey guys do you think
Pennywise lives down there before you go
see if anyone's in there go see if
anyone's in there and as if by magic
we're in London town
look at from the school carpark hisagi
ah okay we don't know let's get run over
looking at the doggy Han Solo
hey we're here for old meetings again
guys but don't leave the taxi but as I
like to do I like to start my year we're
going to somehow get to natural kitchen
somehow we're going to get natural
touches right here yeah like two weeks
ago yeah
no but I was like every every meeting
every time I go to London just I failed
not like every time we go to London but
I went to idea today remember
I didn't bring my blog oh I didn't bring
the blog I did go to natural kitchen
just like the only has for the air or
ASPCA thing it would be sad actually be
going after kitchen okay
hello any breakfast again I can just rub
my tears you know it is freezing this
morning
don't be a Charlie Wally if you don't
that much time okay
let's chitchat more you much much if
you're in school right now and you're
thinking I want to be a doctor when I
grow up like let me just tell you if you
become a doctor in London you get your
own parking space you get your own
parking space that's what that is worth
it I should have went to med school I'm
gonna train my kids to get her meds to
go and then they get some pass and then
like free parking you could have done it
and I actually had enough points in her
evening sir here are 50 points off wait
what did you get 550 yeah nerd if you
know about the Irish leaving system
that's well what's that straight A's oh
I'm sorry gee I wouldn't be I did pass
math Oh heaven forbid well you got
straight A's really how many aces
yet honestly can't remember I think I
got an all of the languages 550 I didn't
even get one point I think oh well be an
Irish is good yeah but I yeah so but a
de could have gone and done it again for
extra points and got you having to med
school
I mean doctor dr. sacani but there was a
dr. scone here that was dr. sacani
yeah before your professor even I'm a
doctor
a natural kitchen all work that me and
friends it was a lot of walking
seems like sweating like oh my get it I
think my sweaty it was all worth it it's
like a 20 minute walk it's like no I
almost gave up and went somewhere else
what's good I was gonna give up
dollar we were to the end in a few
moments and embrace the natural
confectionery
waiting on the frame I'm pretty sure
we're going to platform 18 I feel it my
bones friends but so far it's not
looking good
anyway if you haven't guessed already we
have returned home we have this rule
myself and I know well for some me I
have this rule that I will go I will go
to your London town and I will have your
meetings but I must be home to do the
school runs that is it that is all when
I started this vlogging thing you know
it was just like having a laugh you know
I mean I had a job so it wasn't it
wasn't anything it was just something
was like a hobby buzz crack thing that I
did just like a bit of fun you know I
really enjoyed it then all of a sudden
two years later it became a job you know
I got paid enough and I was like whoa
tzer's I might I get more money for
making videos on YouTube that I'm in my
job what that was after about seven
hundred daily vlogs though so you know
whoa I feel like I put the work in dude
I go that way it's kind of raining I've
lost her I didn't even know I was doing
a story
I guess I'm telling it's growing now
what was I tell my story that I can't
remember
that's it not that I've lost this I
remembered I reviewed the footage there
to remember what was I talking about
it's just me right making me videos blah
blah two years later it became like a
full-time gig right four years after
that we moved to the UK and I managed to
turn my little business I remember I
said in the vlogs
ah can I say I think I said on wrong
I'll try and find a clip year ago and I
said I was like come on like you know
let's try to do the stripe or you know
into into this put everything into this
for like a year old blue but everything
because I still work in a studio down in
Cork you know this is kind of built up
you know on rocket point now it's like
take the next step which is to do this
and only this doing this full-time doing
this all the time you know nothing else
and that's why we're looking at other
places because kind of like downsizing
annoying something a little smaller a
lot smaller and you know well by living
in something a lot smaller and not
having as many things like we're
starting again but we're trying to work
away up another ladder and it's like the
ultimate ladder I think you'll be worth
it
you know I think I think you know
there's like an opportunity here to do
something and I think you'd be stupid
not to jump at the opportunity and not
to see that like this could be something
that could be turned into be wonderful
and this could be I never talked like I
sit down like you know like this is
incredible interviews and heyou guys
have come along and supported us and you
never expect from any of the but you
know
work we're taking another risk we're
taking on a huge risk this time it's a
new year a new huge time and a huge risk
you know from there you know I had one
employee two three four five six
I had a commercial relationship with an
agency and I worked with other brands
and businesses and I grew this thing and
you know I took a tiny little
opportunity and I turned it into
something like massive mathis I don't
really like to talk about I kind of
stuff here into videos because I like
the videos to just remain how they work
to start and continuing the matter how
like big businesses whatever just vlogs
just remain the vlogs right so I
maintain controlling them now it's some
giant business that I have to go to like
I could you like conferences and I have
networking meetings and like all this
crazy stuff like when we got pants and
tenders and the smart stuff that happens
all the time but I always maintain that
I will do the school I will drop my
children to school and all collected
from school and that's it that's the
only thing I refuse to give up and the
business has to work around that
get out this is funny anyway let's go to
ballet school and collect a media so I
am just editing the vlog I'm just
homeless why start off my coat honey I'm
just editing the vlog and so for the
last couple of days I'll be has kind of
been walking around more like a limp and
stuff and we're kind of concerning it's
like is there something wrong with him
but sometimes he just does this where he
puts on a limb Theo is okay now Nevaeh
is okay now Nevaeh was having problems
but now this little fella here
his I think he sent something to his a
shoulder or something like that you know
he's like crying in pain in the shoulder
but um if anyone else such as him he
like bites them so I I said like like
I'll think I'll call the vets you know
I'm gonna bring him to the vets in about
half an hour I was just trying to get ya
get the vlog dope for you guys cuz it's
not done yet and I'm concerned that
there will be no vlog because I gotta go
to the vets in like
at 30 minutes so I'm trying to get it
done by now you know how these are all
that stalker he's eight years old and in
dog terms like it's kind of like midlife
you know but I hold a little fella
what is it he's obviously always got
problems huh
you're right mister hopefully it's just
a little bit of Metacom I'm hoping he's
just like strained his shoulder or
something but hopefully it's just like a
little bit of Metacom which you don't of
dogs medicham is basically like cow Paul
kind of for a for dogs and hopefully
hopefully he gets better anyway let me
get back to the edging of the video for
you we are at the vets at the vets guys
I'm gonna find out what is wrong when I
live a fella I'm carrying him though
will you get the door is he is panicking
right now tell me you didn't know
mommy's gonna be Shiva
guys so Aldi's fine
he's just being look he's just been in
the wind this used to be his favorite
thing to do you probably don't remember
because I don't think we were vlogging
at this time
I like back in like 2000 no way 2009
2010 he used to do this right with me
up here in the car and he loved it
lovely night and you've got no one on
that side so it's not even a hazard I
know I don't think in everyday anyway
he's fine he thinks if he doesn't even
think it's a sprain he just thinks he
died bit sore and he gave him some
medicham which is exactly what
suspect it well I didn't I mean I wasn't
100%
it was obviously you never know if
there's something really wrong
but he was fine he put a muzzle on him
though and it was so good I was like my
me go to filter out
he's fine look at happy he is with life
right now I think this is what he wanted
Starly walking yeah the mom at that time
hold the day hang like this crazy little
crawler over here hi how did you end up
there
I put her this way she's ended up here
and I put her back with you on your
tummy
yeah I put no I quit you on your back so
mm-hmm
you have moved thank you yeah yeah
chronic practice I was wearing heels
earlier but no it's a terrible mistake
and what do we went to that I was like
there's no way I'm getting back into
those shoes definitely it was cuz we did
so much walking in London cuz like we
really shouldn't have gone to natural
kit well it was worth it don't get me
wrong any but a natural kitchen with
ages away from where we were actually
were they used to be convenient and it's
not every time that we're going to
London but where is that everything
a night night everybody
I'm just trying to reach inside her
basket look at you yeah you think you're
being sneaky but I can totally see you
there some food every night she does
this she tries to reach inside here to
see what goodies she couldn't find huh
well you want look try and find the
duckie where's the duckie what's this
what's this she's like I already had
that okay say night-night
everybody quack quack quack I know
you're trying to say quack quack I
understand you I understand you other
people might hear Dada da but to me
that's quite quick yeah your wipes can
your nappies and all kinds of stuff in
there
oh no who wants to rip it all out
