the streets
they just feel so
so hang
good morning friends from Cardiff
tao-tsay that part right there that's
where we're doing the big walkies today
oh my god I first beat audience to still
amaze your anacondas amazed I was like
yeah would you get lost in that maze
yeah it's over let me and we just come
over this way better view their abuses
Yeah right there how cool is that it's
right across the road like I didn't know
that when I booked this hotel
I just ran him I was like I wanted
something central I tried there's a
place called there's a hotel called st.
Davids which is down by your parents
like a hotel spa I tried I tried to book
that one I actually had tap open and I
forgot about it and then I went back and
now all the rooms were gone Oh easily
follow through lads if you're making a
booking so I knew we stayed here instead
but it's right I was like I wanted
someone kind of central as well I think
it's central I'm not really sure but
there's castles there there's buildings
there and there's a big part here so
we're gonna call it we're gonna call it
central central time I'm just eating
muffins vlog is a rendering right now
hopefully I'm gonna show that up before
we can go oh we met a couple of people
last night someone gave us look a
whale's lollipop pretty kids they'll
appreciate it more we shared more
Hanna's inside yeah and dress code turns
out lots there was a bed there's another
room which leads into his sleeping
quarters so it's okay we didn't actually
have to sleep on the couch in case
anyone actually thought we did I just
kind of noticed it knows like what he's
an actual castle there's two castles
there's loads of castles this is
everyone say something amazing what this
is why we're late for the book walking
by the way it's their fault you saved
the 60 pounds ready to go in this green
road right we've upgraded from Francesca
to baby in jail or downgraded no see how
did they progresses I think wait are we
under the talkies here's the finish line
we did it we did it we did it we crossed
the finish line I don't have a dog
though the dogs made in here before us
is this once yesterday yeah it is look
yank is still I'll chew it up when it is
dogs yesterday - thank you just some
friends is there Oh
feeling out my clothes shaving in the
freezer
too young the baby hello our first Welsh
baby here we go
hello you know it's a piece of party but
it's made of a sweet signalling really
interesting and inspiring Henry oh my
god any blood and he's nuts this is
another friend and this is another
friend Henry why did you bring humans
hello do I do
Jonathan impression speak French no fine
we'll take her something amazing say
something interesting there's nothing
amazing say something amazing I don't
know why mom say something amazing
you're so pretty
This Is It this is your moment series
like a place to like going gasp go go
can do
come here be friends be my friend what's
her name his name Dakota Dakota Dakota
Dakota come on be my best friend with
their eyes your moment pretty moms right
here we got mom we got the whole family
here go go go go go and thank you a
little bit of a sneaky sneaky pizza
break into this thing here oh my gosh oh
there's my girl matin market you know in
the market to court these pieces like
this market be tough job because I think
I've been handed something here then you
guys ever had experience
flavor curious Cola end before fermented
botanical Cola drink
that's I said of hosh people have coke
pleased to meet you is he so cool I just
did it while I was waiting here no I
didn't look at this doggy hey hey buddy
hey Doc you French okay I don't you
understand the scale of this dog
scheppers was this one saying Frank for
a Freud don't see something amazing
hello what's his name Bailey Bailey
Bailey
check out this fella here oh my god
Ciccone Jolie that is so cool oh my
goodness I just on Twitter yesterday our
nose if you need to go in right yeah so
say something amazing this is it is your
moment
something amazing go go go so this is my
best friend
winter t-shirt look at that it's so cool
do you make it yourself good mom make it
the mom help can you say hello Eduardo
no cute princess my friends my friends
from set Africa volunteers here what's
up and the last lb toy is it I'll be a
solar every everyone one that I'll be
was the last one that is been walking in
house without a new summer understand
their summer this taken crazy there be a
force of Coney Jolie when we get to the
car thank you for volunteering friends
everyone should volunteer all right
we're leaving the park now we have some
friends behind we got some cakes just
got some mail the board from veo we're
trying to find out where the car is
somewhere up this way
I don't know hundred present know is
that somebody knows right somebody
somebody so somebody knows we're about
to leave I'm a came rushing up causing
an accident
we are in a services on the way home in
I don't know where it is but oddly
enough this is the exact same services
we stopped on on the way home
isn't that funny yeah lasted again now
because I was no came in here I didn't
come in all right so it's up here I've
been here before
I'm a regular I'm a local it's got that
big huge entire box pull over in the
side of the road is eat them all it
could be a thing
we got some smelly cooler and summer
coolers we got some cakes and we have
got and what you forgot I think we have
two hours left to drive thanks so much
everywhere that came today in Cardiff
like literally that is that is the most
amount of people I've ever met
in one sitting right oh dude it was like
it was supposed to be capped
we were there for like four and a half
hours four and a half hours of hugs and
chats with people that was crazy yeah
not Irish we don't pretend I think the
Irish maybe we did was quite big but not
as big as that yeah that was definitely
in the multiple hundreds but it was so
cool I'm really happy we met everyone a
card up I love the action
it going everybody
where's miss what's the parking Abed
what's all the parking of it my little
girl
yeah did you miss me how much did you
miss daddy so much daddy went to Wales
well we're gonna go check it out wardo
in a minute but daddy went to a place
called Cardiff did you know that perfect
t30
haha alright we're reading the perfect
tea party this reminds baby multi
parties we had in the Vinick diet rolled
a party tonight for your princess
friends I won't tell but I expect a
break
sunshine hey Padre that's too bad is all
I'm having a great time
Mary took a late-night ride
here to South to the borderline slick
goodbye to the late-night shows we're
improvising champions cheese one bagel
so we have Tobago we found some sauces
which I've cut up here and chop them
over so we're gonna make a bagel bottom
sausage on top cheese and beans it's
gonna be amazing people are gonna talk
about it it's going to be an arresting
book I mean the ketchup party shouldn't
be in the don't go mad all right grab a
little bit of cheese then a nice dumping
of beans you wanted something else okay
you're a psycho music never be a chef
present to you the joke is toasties
saucy Sambo being supreme okay she's
tastic time great thank you
you can't wait to eat that available for
you today
apparently boyfriends I'll see you
tomorrow
you
