get off this mom but on my shoes with
you well I'm so happy when I'm sitting
good morning friends it's a Saturday
Wow amelia is heading off to ballet I'm
not even dressed because I was editing
all morning because I need to get to
vlog done now because we are heavy cool
we're adding in the saddle onion because
we're doing the RSPCA big walkies
meet-and-greet today and then when I get
home we're gonna come home here for
about 10 minutes jump back in the car
drive all the way out to Cardiff spend a
night in Cardiff wake up the next day
dude you are SPCA big walkies
meet-and-greet in Cardiff it's gonna be
a crazy it's gonna be a crazy few days
of driving I feel like I'm on tour we
did a tour bus oh we don't have the core
bus we just have me driving myself what
are you guys doing here no no no no do
you need to see a dress oh my goodness
I'm coach huh what are you doing little
monkeys hey guys
you let the monster out don't get the
monster out oh no
the monster must be awakened oh geez did
you guys hear the monster oh my godness
these kids right this kids fight over
everything every single thing that is
possible the fight over if I got them
both two cars they would still fight
over the one car that is
you guys are hilarious you know that you
won another car I have another car I
have a second car well I get it no but I
have another one of these it's missing a
door it's missing the roof but it's
still good
fender door banged two ropes no you'll
have your own car now now there's no
need to fight anymore ever again
Eduardo's one of those kind of kit cars
it's a fixer-upper you've got your own
car guys hop into your car what are you
doing that's not how you get in your car
is this
Hey all right we made it here to
millions of traffic yay that's a big
master erected just for this event it
does the bad guy for there it is this
joyful tower of Croydon no where are we
I need to pee so bad which means I gotta
go set up or do things the last year we
had a couch what's up why we got squares
this year oh we got some friends the
doggy friends are here the first year we
did at the actual dogs were here then
realized that was crazy so now we just
have these socks
how is ridiculous they weren't really
good I feel really sat in the chair just
a normal day trying to make a video on
her phone hundred times and it didn't
work if you want to just give us them
we're okay I'm okay with that
and she brought her human along with her
Annie but I need poem by
you bought you pick that you pick poorly
on these you enjoy you work here for
Bianca hello we're best friends forever
hi so he brought his humans along and I
know why I waited dogs to bring in
humans this is your moment talk to the
world tell them something interesting
friends I made today Polly Polly Pocket
will you put in my pocket sorry go back
to scratching your bummy do it she's
about to cry let's wait for it I'm not
no she cried Schmitt Marcus we're gonna
wind up and cry we're gonna wait here
can you cry honest I hit my whole family
and let's squid and minis upper there
that is so cool thank you
oh my goodness right look at the color
the doggies hair now say something
really amazing the dad came with the
best t-shirt did you make that yourself
why don't you sign up Jonathan look I
have a new best friend Nicky lick me Oh
give me thanks we're best friends
what's her name Winnie we need to poo
okay see something amazing
hello Rohini sorry you couldn't make it
unfortunately we actually prefer if you
were here this year but we got stuck you
know
basically everybody that she knows okay
and this crazy little doggy nope hello
to the world I'll say something like
amazing what's the most amazing thing
you know obviously I'm the most amazing
person you know what's the second most
amazing ones don't listen to your dodgy
this is my new best friend
she's short on words that's all you need
to know so cool
check your acts like a lions up what's
her name oh my god all right we are out
of here bye
we are out of here with so much fun
meaning everybody in there doggies the
balloons have been found you like the
balloons yeah there you want to see it
here why don't worship a loon do you
have that that's the keep it alone save
Oh horse is like a bracelet I break that
balloon and then oh now are you guys
promise to be good
remember that balloon is in charge boy I
really don't don't know this is a good
plan I regret my decision I'm out of
here
goodbye I'm going to Wales
city life stays shot so brightly
alright friends we have gone home after
the big walkies and we kiss the kids
goodbye
I packed our bags and now we're in a
services with everything what trying to
figure out a couple places or two of us
needed some coffee
we're going to Wales harvest Festa a
Welsh oppression
yeah then after dinner here on join we
just get some coffee and some cakes I
mean coffee and cakes will be the best
bet
so it's Matt it's better three hour
drive I think from here to there so you
might stop the gang along the way but
for now I think coffee
I reckon coffee some cakes you can never
go wrong with coffee some cake slice to
mercado's no one americano excited this
kind of trip though this is job never
been a part of I'm driven to Wales and
lower the times like going to the
kashfari never we drove here well I will
get the linen music but never actually
be somewhere so we're staying in the
center right in the heart of Cardiff
tonight
yeah you know because I love the RSPCA
meetups like today was so much fun
meeting everybody and I feel like
everyone gets like a good bit of time
right it's not a rush like you know when
it's kind of outdoor and it's cool and
it's like a wide variety people cuz it's
not part of the convention I just I
really like meeting you guys that way
Oh
to my selfish and westphall just cross
the border the breaking neglect we've
left the country I love this bridge so
amazing
and this one says no point but has a
picture of a card that looks like a
picture of a card yeah it says no point
let's do it let's do a nice let's see if
we can get in this customs
see okay guys we have to speak Welsh my
name is Dee Bost there was a sign
welcome to Wales unfortunately an
Estonian so we missed it it was like
Jorgen Bergen broken broken that's
that's how I read your language okay I
could I could I think goes hey hey I
feel I always get started make the for
well plan signs
we aren't their friends this is where
we're staying
but all and is locked in equipment broke
my door
ah it worked oh we got no bed on uh we
forgot to order a room with a bed view
situation though look at that oh look at
sunset ha ha that's amazing
there's so cool I'm really impressed by
the view
I just gotta open the curtains oh wow
look at the pebbles seriously I've
always the kind of always if I was a
time-lapse turret type of youtuber kind
of guy
Oh totally time-lapse that right now but
I'm not so I'm not going to but that
looks so cool we've left the hotel we're
looking for some food we looked at with
PayPal looking at 20 yards oh and I
think it means walk up here and take all
right should should I take over yeah
hopefully chosen correctly with Laguna
cut this like I'm not sure because I
think the hotel I don't know I've never
been here before
it looks like you come up here and take
the right wait does it mean go dude away
maybe it comes up to the high street
thing up here why is it moving
why is it should I left it up okay
we found it a while later we found it
here we go Laguna health spa Anna okay
so turn it actually was a restaurant as
well he didn't let people get in his bow
all right but we're getting some food
here it's very dark in here talking
before I'm just wrecking the place
all right we've been we've ended up seen
a big party it was really good though it
was a good choice it was a random choice
for food but it was really really good
and now were part of some that it's a
party we met some Welsh people people
from Wales what get out of this Josh
we're burning it oh my god say something
in Welsh a crystal Tesco ionizable gonna
try and break into the connector very
think unique and doesn't look open
though we had dreams dreams we're gonna
raid the place well then I said
everything that was but I've caught the
oxen - no I've lost it I had it I had it
there oh no I don't know I had six let
it don't break up don't pay the price
guys don't break up no rhythm
