I'm not
into the basin races I know I'm not your
one go on
Oh
coming right
hello friends from your phone and
television and computer screen hello
hello come on squiddy squiddy squish
squishy squid so today is an important
day for mr. delicious
Eduardo is going to big school today
little school little baby school it's
the school you're going to be going to
very shortly but it wire is going today
to see if he likes it
not the school that you're in now it's
very confusing there's a lot of schools
it's a difference both for Hank exactly
exactly
although I mean you want to change your
school bag to this one oh why what's
happened here now Oh your sleeve has
been removed no no no lose the bag keep
the sleeve
no lose the bag keep the sleeve a
complicated situation
no big guys who did everything by myself
allowed out still only a little light
still only me son of a gun you know
didn't know how to kick this help no he
doesn't yeah but hey you can still come
to us your pack
well yeah but he won't be in your class
so Amelia and Eduardo are going to the
same school
Wow we're currently you guys are in
different schools now Eduardo today is
going to your new school but he's going
to be a little baby in your new school
yeah
so baby school for me to cook into his
goal yeah okay I okay and then you're
going to be leaving the school you're in
now shortly and moving across into a
bigger school where duardo is going to
be so both of you are going to end up in
the same school and in the playgrounds
you're gonna have to look at for it
wardo okay you can't steal his lunch
money
okay I have money does he not you never
know you might be saving scrimping and
saving making investments huh
are you ready
friends over - they sit there smiling
okay thanks for a thanks for driving us
to school today me now really appreciate
that or you need your sunglasses on huh
come on we have to go school thanks for
driving us to school I appreciate that
but let's go
ah Larry I've now lads there he is now
hiding amongst all that second hair was
it me I have a truck I was this a shame
for tremolo mushroom right and then I
don't even notice and the kids don't
know there's no one notices well why
would somebody notice please and then on
it gets like her hair like curled or
something and I don't say like oh you're
here's amazing and then I get in trouble
double standards
you high so my son is I'm just wondering
is that specifically moms and kids
arcing dad's come yeah that's definitely
can come okay all right that's I'm
invited it Mimi is back I'm are caught
in the storm are we gonna slam yeah is
it a scary storm cheering football do
you need a vote quick is really quickly
guess who's back back again
tell your friends Amelia's got a twig
hey Melia do you notice something
different about daddy
the daddy's beard gets shorter
he doesn't look any different no okay
thanks
huh I was thinking why can I hear Zoe
and Tanya and Jim in my house where's
Ana she turned into a credit line around
the school I'm invited huh we can both
go oh I know it's I Ryan to make sure I
was like you know it's just mothers and
daughters so it's water check and call
it sounds like first official day of
school but this is this is this is his
first day going to school God is going
to screw people yeah his class like it
please do so before he starts he's gonna
go to go to school today for a while and
then like we'll meet all the other
parents aren't gonna be his friends but
this is like school till forever I know
it's progress
yeah but what they feed into the other
school so most most of his friends
himself will go to the same grammar
school and stuff I know I just got
caught in that just immediately go isn't
it insane we're helping to be on the
summertime that's the problem it's
really warm but it's lasting way I need
to take painting or so on okay I'm
excited also save No
this water going to school are you
finally getting to go to school mister
Wow what yeah wait so you finally get to
go and then you don't want to go you
don't want to go to school and play with
all your friends think they're in here
so merrily what you're in your topper
where's your jeans gone
you can't find them no no the noisy
Orchestra huh I spotted something mister
if you don't put your trousers on
we can't go these are trousers so shut
up and that one lot I have no son hello
mrs. media has some foam Oh mmm but
think about all the times that Eduardo
didn't get to go to your school
hmm I'm gonna remind you of this in your
older that you are crying because you
wanted to go to school hmm we're not
gonna be that long okay
oh I know what what you want to go
maybe next no oh come on come on you're
killing me breaking me heart school just
going right out Lauren right oh let's go
measurement I use the big man don't want
your screens on your sister to be never
found out come on mister are we ready
for the school run
yeah what did you just say no why are
you gonna have to learn the school run
song if you if you plan on going to
school what oh geez
are we ready weirdo are we ready for
school
I know what is ready but I don't know if
I'm ready here we go a lot of trouble is
going to school
I'm just gonna warn you guys and let you
know that I have the hiccups before I
start to slip because it could
potentially be with you
Eduardo's nursery the same plate went
really well he still doesn't really
engage with other children not much like
he's I remember when Emilio's like this
do you know they need to like get used
to it he won't like go up to other
children and play with them I have to
like force them to and when I do he's he
just gets shy like you got a lot of
dinner parents these kids are gonna
start and they're going to be in
Eduardo's class yeah that was kind of
cool and they said just like um every
class is like two parents that run all
the like parents social stuff hey I'm
lots of like social like you know what I
mean evenings out for parent just the I
cuz I think it's important the parents
have a good bond cuz you know like
amedeo and guardo will be spending
evenings or sleepover in some of these
people's houses you know so I think it's
kind of cool good he didn't want to
leave you notice a good sign that anyone
who talked to us like doesn't look like
he's gonna have any problems I was like
I know what we haven't actually left him
I feel like if I left him he might be
different but I don't know I worry more
about him than I do it Emilia because I
feel like I'm Mia is the same as how I
was when I was her age and I was always
very confident and like independent and
good at making friends and like made
friends really easily because the media
was the first kid we kind of gave her
like a lot more I don't know you're
treating her more like an adult I mean
it's just different types of people as
well yeah I know what you had Emilia
more like an annals then we did am
Eduardo yeah he's like the baby yeah
yeah I need treat him like a baby I tell
another baby comes along yeah then then
he's no longer the baby or maybe you
know maybe he's always the baby should
have our textbook handle it greener huh
tiny little bit like you know that kinda
stuff everyday lugs just our own our own
place all grows out we have our own
restaurant this evening we went to coat
the entrench one but I think you looked
at the whole place there were like all
of you found a nice patient so he can't
just scroll bills
building you know you're getting no to
get input your brother the new look at
charger lamb burger I've never had a
lamb burger bit more my teeth
- is it their smiles and mother
burns melty there
I was about to get
I have eaten lots and lots of donuts
not too many doing yeah I didn't need
all those were last and we had like ten
dollars in like five each in their lives
I failed actually thought I was reading
through the treacle was it a dream so
when I asked her what it was like she's
like it's really sweet yep old souls and
the unfortunate lads the meringue thing
is gone which is coming off the menu
next week so I felt like I should order
because it's off come on
there's no cars coming are you actually
going to wait there little goody
two-shoes green in your goody two-shoes
and we should cross
always after our date nights here and uh
give this hang right we like we go into
right move app it's an app for finding
homes and we always like picker like a
budget or some we say right this is how
much we have and we'll drive around we
fit the last like I would have to errors
like driver and all these different
houses so it's just so difficult
you know um doing this hosting you know
anything cuz it's like I'm trying to
plan for a long term what to do and I
really really really was I just feel
like I really want smile and I just I
want to I want to be a farmer you know
like just know it's hard because I want
to feel like the coolest playgrounds and
want to get I want to get like quad
bikes and like you know Nemean drive
around in them and like you know have a
fun stuff for the kids and all that but
I don't want a nice home that's like
it's got good takeaways and stuff that
everyone's got good broadband and it's
so hard and I hate to eat well you know
and yeah that's what we do after date
night we drive friend it's only paper
they said what happened in we just we
notice all the neighbors didn't have all
the pins at tonight and last week
obviously last week we missed the bins
because we're dealing with other stuff
in our lives and I'm yeah coming up go
ahead and tell them
oi listen to me so now I know our bins
are kind of fall and they were dumping
only taking paper tonight you know how
did that even happen
any one inches in you guys have a big
truck it gets swing by tomorrow and
collect some stuff I'll be amazing I'll
be cool let me know leave some comments
anyway me and my little squishy head
over here I have to go cuz I think we
have to go to a meeting tomorrow in
London for an exciting project get
you're going to love but guess what I
can't tell you anything about it cuz
that's my life lads anyway goodbye
friends say bye friends
goodbye friends and I will see you
tomorrow don't be late cuz it won't be
great
