good morning friends oh my goodness
I lied to started a vlog guys let's meet
about 50 years we're off to get the scan
to ensure that everything is out and
it's not very nice I think more people I
mean I think some people get really
upset at this can
I think it's like closure but for me I'm
I'm not upset I'm just over it like not
over it you know what I mean like I'm
over like all of this stuff like yeah I
just I don't really want to get this gun
because I don't you know there's no not
that there's no point to it but for me
it's like whoa no like there's no reward
oh it's not like you get the picture
thanks this powerful take away this 12
weeks you can see the first big
officials gun so no but I'm not upset
I'm just more so like I want to move on
like I know I've been saying this for I
said in my video - like I want to just
like move on overnight it happened and
then we I think we did a nice not a
funeral but we didn't I sort of sort of
thing you know at lanterns and then you
know this is like sort of a final
conclusion to the whole thing it's over
like you know and it's not over like you
gather that I have a tattoo with my life
on my hand that I can always see every
day to remind me but this is just I
don't mean like I want
I'm over it like I said I'm over then
loss of a baby or pregnancy I'm not over
in that sense I just want to be over the
whole experience like my data center
video yester you didn't see it we're
saying now like you know if we will go
on and hopefully have more kids but you
know when our next child is born it'll
be our fourth trial you know even though
you know we already have three children
will be the fourth right yeah
the end of now
this will change
huh
I am refusing to let the winter win I'm
wearing my summer fuse but no socks
actually it is still really warm isn't
it yeah it's just raining maybe it'll
maybe it'll change tomorrow or the next
day maybe it'll get better
come on lads you know what this is too
many people bought barbecues and I am
actually considered of like I actually
pulled parts and I was like maybe I'll
get the old pool back together maybe
I'll let pull the pool out that's what
happened that's what happens if people
buy barbecues and I actually consider
taking Amelia you know I have a kayak in
Otter Lake some are steady I feels like
we're taking media today into the kayak
that's it is sighs I made too many plans
too many summer plans across here yeah
there's the zebra head there I've never
seen a Deborah cross the Deborah
crossing probably pretty cool
you take everything off your power
mmm
okay we are out of the hospital I
recorded a little bit what you saw there
was that they scanned Anna so much near
it's not all gone right they said
they're still they call it products they
always thought of products it is like
really like kind of heart like you think
there's like some conditioner or
moisturizer that's behind
we added some products though there so
it's going to naturally come at itself I
think yeah oh yeah it's just really sad
that that was our 12-week scan
technically speaking you know but you
clatter it's I feel like today we move
on today uh-huh
you know yeah move on today we'll go
home we'll make another baby no iPad
quickie for mommy cons no yeah did you
know in three months time
Amelia is moving to a new school a big
school yes where's why the name vomit
well like I can whisper it in your ear
that's why I whispered Bananarama into
here because I knew you were just going
to repeat it
hmm it's a secret it's a secret school
where only the secret children go
are you a secret friend I what hello
okay whisper in my ear
princess corn let's go let's get biscuit
bring me do I know you with a backbone
right here hey yay
what could get biscuit I love you in my
face in my buh-bye who put it right
there this would have been the one time
that you could have said poo and it
would have actually worked in the video
presentation we traveled so far to get
our eyes on that right was to how do you
feel about waking up heading downstairs
what do you think
Suzy mother good idea
come on mister come on mister come on
mister hello welcome no no sometimes
having a nap can actually make a
situation worse even if you're tired
this is why I don't knock turned away
during the day I'm gonna like snapping I
do not like this is how I feel I feel
worse friends I have failed as a blogger
today so much things to do and I'm so
tired and it just didn't happen when I
tried but I mean they would do a nice
little song and it danced for you you
would forgive us now right and I thought
it was a good song and as now haven't
you guys yeah
well unfortunately let me just show our
friends this situation we have here look
at this look at this cloud of doom
coming our way what happened to the
media I mean a huge section but you
nincompoop get in there right now oh my
goodness you were looking mommy wasn't
here don't even think about it
mr. munchkin man also mr. monkey man two
new open doors Oh Oh big trouble you're
a big trouble John your own you're on
your own friend yeah hello friends so
because I kind of failed at vlogging
today we've decided that we're going to
do the chubby bunny challenge emedia has
seen this video on YouTube haven't you
so you kind of know the idea so explain
what you have to do explain to my
friends why can your mouth okay so you
stick it in your mouth and you have to
say chubby bunny
wardo can you actually say chubby bunny
ah it's so cute so let's take out a
couple of marshmallows double-jump
put this in your mouth and say chubby
bunny no put it all the way all the way
in okay all right one for me and you
hold in your mouth don't eat it while I
put it in your bag let's say chubby
bunny
hey chubby bunny he'll be fine boom boom
alright alright
oh boy there cubby bunny alright well no
mom you're all failing right boom wrong
oh I learn so itself and I'm not gonna
try it now
yeah chubby bunny so I don't know who
won Oh
but I think we all just lost a little
hard of our lives
hmm every night I get into bed and I
remove all the pillows and then somehow
the next day
well the pillows returned it's like the
pillow game I played the pillow game
every single day like a little squiddy
over here okay I get that the stage is
when you get a tattoo you first get it
done it looks kind of good and then it
gets like this which is all like crumbly
and stuff you can see
so unlike after a day or two he gets
like this where it's like it's all
scarring and stuff like that and it
looks like if it's all like breaking and
stuff of that looks really bad you can't
really see what the tattoo like there's
no colouring or anything in it it's just
like the grid like a black line with a
little bit of shading and stuff over it
just for shadowing and stuff to make it
look better but now it looks really like
painful and stuff after a few days and
the reason I put it on this hand by the
way is that I vlog with my right hand
all the time so it's funny because I'm
right-handed and I vlog on my right hand
but when I'm vlogging I do everything
with my left hand so I'll always film
this hand opening doors or holding
things or do whatever I want on
transition wise with this hand and
that's why I put the squid on this hand
so it would always going to be in all
the videos you know like I do actually
have it water tattooed on my arm here
I'm put a lot of - we'll never see that
because they only received this one
because this is this is like my doing
hands like me didn't hit it you know
yourself but anyway that's why I put
that a little squid over this side sorry
I failed today as a blogger
punky enjoyed chubby bunny though it was
kind of funny maybe some early some car
with this motor funny things I should do
we're like the four of us over I like
the little challenges like once I would
actually work with the kids most of them
will not but at least some suggestions
and these nice comments and hit the like
button and subscribe you guys have a lot
of things to do I hope you're making a
note of all your chores and see you guys
tomorrow
