good morning friends good morning Amelia
good morning Eduardo and guys look how
bright it is head side how are we oh my
goodness guys look at our new house it
looks exactly like our old has watered I
know I mean yeah
Eduardo Amenia is a bit of a joker are
you a bit of a joker huh a prank sir and
you know what I was looking back on the
old footage Emilia when I was making
that video yesterday and I noticed that
you have always been a bit of a
prankster come on guys we're not taking
the tractor to school let's go we're not
taking the truck - look at this phase of
get sir sir
oh my goodness how creepy looking is
that look at all the seagulls or Birds
or something
I like hovering around now they've moved
off of this there are like hovering over
there another day another glorious
school day best friends again did you
win the race mister are you a race
winner whoa you're gonna for her all
right
did you geez
young children are similar to long term
married people yes they fight one minute
did they love each other each other then
they bicker then they fight then they
love each other then they hate each
other any bigger then they fight but
they live together
friends down first now please excuse the
fact that my hair looks like it looks
like I mean oh sorry the light just
changed like dramatically there but my
hair just I washed it last night and
slept on it and it just looked like like
I've been dragged through a bush you
miss a good night scene I paint thank
you thank you
I was watching Ellen videos on Instagram
and there was this one part I don't want
her show like properly on TV or anything
but I just watch like snippets of it on
Instagram and like online and stuff I
really like her I think she's so funny
but um she was raiding people's babies
and this one baby but she really did she
was like if the baby is wearing a hat it
instantly gets eight points it's so true
though if they're wearing like a hat it
just makes them instantly cuter I don't
know why do the milk feed now want some
look she knows what it is
watch this unless yeah
you want some milk you want some milk
less yeah there's more interested in the
dog unless you'd want some milk
yeah no it's a milk
I think the top is too distracting all
right let's go to bed go back in the
bike lights oh my goodness I just pulled
out my headphones off
oh I'm back and guess he's back my
girlfriend
bike friends back back again wait a bit
of a falling out last year
oh we didn't really I just got lazy busy
busy busy at parenting the old her baby
makes a difference don't I call that
video can't remember go by trends bad
guys we're up the mountain we were
watching it we're all kinda MANET is
questioning me but at the start of every
journey you must suffer and if you do
not suffer at the start of the journey
the journey is not worth it if the
journey is easy the journey is not worth
it the journey must be hard the journey
must make you cry and bleed it's
optional crying and bleeding is optional
phantom biking makes you cry and lead
for the journey it's got a payoff friend
sign it here for me
it's all here for me it's all here for
the taking I'm cheating right now but
I've already you see what you don't see
in that little opening sequence there is
that I have to like a lander man it's
like awesome at her first spot the spot
cycle down the mountain place the camera
cycle of the manic cycle down to man up
to the hotel
just like you did I love that that's my
commitment to you we're bringing her
back friends we're bringing back my
friends we're bringing back the traveler
we're bringing back everything this year
Sierra's gonna be amazing I made it back
home and look I did like four point
eight nine but basically like 5k in 23
minutes I think it's pretty good I
ascended 293 but I descend at 256 and I
still am I still at the mountain guess
who's back in your hood you look so
funny that's fine it doesn't matter if
they can see that you're covering it so
long as they don't see the actual crest
okay you look so handsome
so that people won't know what school
you're in hey guess what weirdo alex is
coming today to cut daddy's hair do you
want your hair cut as well yeah oh well
she might give you a biscuit work she
might give you chocolate what do you
think about that mummy
yes I was only the starch it days were
you yeah all of Oy all of us oh well
done very good listening to the teacher
it's amazing yeah she took only this
all right so this is this is Alyssa
Alyssa
those people okay so I'm going to
attempt to make something that I've
never made before what my sister emma
has made in the past and I think she
learned this recipe from my
sister-in-law I said my brother's wife
Marianne and it's a pretty simple recipe
I don't think it it could probably not
go wrong but I don't have like the exact
tin for it so it's not going to look the
same but we're gonna see how this works
I don't know anyway it's called monkey
bread if you're an American you probably
know what it is but it is really bad for
you probably I most likely and and use
these cross on like tin thing I don't
know what to call them
you know like the cross cotton thingies
I just happy I I woke up no I wasn't
even asleep I was in my bed and I
started thinking about monkey bread I
was like oh my god I haven't had it in
years it was so good and just started
thinking about it and that inspired me
to buy those two tins and then I never
made it because I just kept like being
lazy and forgetting now I'm actually
gonna do it and Jonathan will never eat
this I don't think in a million years
literally just eat this right now
well it probably wouldn't taste actually
that great so we've got some butter
which I'm gonna melt with some brown
sugar dinners already cooked for tonight
Cummings spaghetti bolognaise 7:00 a.m.
and I'm walking and walking and talking
and fucking and sockets ebony I'm gonna
pee in my trainer bark I want to go to
the underground barking station so
myself and Eduardo are piggybacking all
the way to school
sorry rugby Rhino has rugby now I'd like
to be and I have new socks oh yeah he's
rugby sucks yeah nice nice a nice treads
there mate I unfortunately have a carry
Eduardo all the way to Prague could be
it's 7:00 a.m. and I'm Barca and she's
talking and
what this is this is quite the my pinky
back situation mr. oh my goodness did
you see that Amelia you guys see that
squirrel we are waiting for Eduardo to
finish school or rugby sorry
Huckabee I can go home right I've done
this before I've gone home for a wee or
something I just run at a time can
splatter time I get all the way home
with Amelia I have to turn around and
collect Eduardo so I'm just gonna say
her also I think it's snowing it feels
like there's little raindrops coming
raindrops are falling on my head
I think it's snow blah blah blah why am
I sick - ah I should just walk backwards
everywhere hi hi yeah
lightnings better if I walk backwards hi
yeah yes you did so Amelia seems to
think that she's gonna be able to jump
back over come over here to catch you
okay you ready
Emelia I mean you're not gonna make it
oh geez where's Caroline yes we left it
all the way over there we made it back
okay
all right wait what am i doing over here
oh geez let's go
I thought you were gonna fall into just
at the last minute when you went to jump
I was thinking oh no all right kids are
watching the big mermaid just a big
mermaid
oh the little mermaid sir yeah I guess
the mermaids confused alex is here and
she has Wireless cordless magic clips
guys I'm like I'm gonna be the first
for mmm fourth right no meter for person
to use these guys we're going crazy we
got the head jog hey drug it's actually
called a hedgehog right Oh make me
beautiful
literally since the transplant I haven't
actually had short hair cuz I've been
worried about it being patchy or
something I don't know if I didn't
realize you know yet
I'm feeling brave just curl that up
right out one snip you know it will see
what is he
wish me look and just like that yeah
what do we think actually to work then
alright I was a bit concerned but uh I
think it looks good this lighting is
terrible as you can't really tell but I
like it I like how tight it is it looks
good and it's gonna be happy do you like
it Anna what I like it
so Amelia things that I look like baby
daddy I wanna get a toy is maybe things
cuz I mean that is photo where I have a
really short hair yeah is that we look
like take you like oh okay thank gosh is
off this is how this is how we looked in
the picture this is what I used to look
like and short hair and going on no
glasses yeah and then suddenly five
years later just don't stop being the
eye good stunts that me in the eye do I
look five years older you know I don't
know what do you guys think I think
short hair suits me guys do you like my
hair like this
you hate my hair like this and why this
baby very nice it why no thank you
did you have a good day guys they're
crazy
alright mate I feel so to add to our
list of problems with dogs Albee now has
an issue with his paw where he was
limping before and I thought he was just
doing it for attention because believe
it or not you does that for attention
sometimes and has been doing it long
before they even had their vet check up
their annual checkup and they said there
was nothing wrong with him I mean we
didn't tell them anything about that
book they check them all over like their
whole body stop it Cena just trying to
get our pasta and he's he was fine but
today he got in a scrap with Bianca
Bianca just went for him for like no
reason she's that kind of dog I went to
pick him up or I went to like rescue him
or something
he like started Oh he snapped at me he
bit me which he wouldn't usually do for
nothing you know and then I tried to
pick him up again yeah I try to pick him
up then and he went for me again and I
was like okay there's something wrong
with him like it's not normal
I think Helen was doing something with
him getting him out of the crate or
something I can't I wasn't really 100%
cuz the kids were like going mental and
like everything just was going every
time something happens like like
basically when it rains it pours
so when Helen was dropping them off Alex
the hairdresser came and then the kids
started acting up straightaway because
there was somebody else there and like
screaming on each other and fighting and
I was just like oh my god and I'm Bianca
started barking so I couldn't really
hear what she was saying something
happened when she was getting him out of
the crate and he went for her and she
was like he's never done much to me
before the battery's dead battery's
dying okay anyway
Maura loved the story is he's got a
bandy leg and there's something wrong
with him but so we need to bring him to
the vet so thank you for watching this
video we're gonna have our pasta now and
watch silent witness and leave a nice
cut and we will talk to you tomorrow bye
say bye lb lb say bye bye bye
