city lights they shine so brightly
when I'm coming on to you
every night
I'm dry
all I think about
won't be long until I see
good morning friends poor old Anna
so last night and I just wanted some
sort of time to herself so I having like
a massive argument anyway that's that's
what happens when emotions are emotions
are high anyway so and I was just
somehow in her car across the road and
this Oh a couple go tell the story oh
yeah why first of all I drove wrong
where to like her next time and then
literally careful right and then their
arm just needed a break from the case I
mean yeah right not about wrong with
them but just now you saw her thing so
Bob Mike Marra throw what and I love and
an old man like knocked at my window and
like started telling me like I wasn't
let park there and I had to move and
stuff he wasn't be mean he was just like
not just said you know so it was like
very fragile moments I just tried to
crying yeah right and I mean he was just
like okay then I don't know telling like
I didn't even know this person I ended
up telling him what had happened earlier
today he was like oh god I think you
felt really guilty for asking me to move
called his wife over sounds like how is
he gonna get my she was like can we pray
for you
Harvey I wasn't expecting you and I
honestly didn't know whether she crying
or not like I was just gonna like what's
going on yeah I thought any day had
expected a tighter dough but then I was
talking to him something about they were
like stop what I like made their year
probably like a high like they rescued
some potato yeah it was quite sweet they
walked off holding hands
what's wrong
one site you go quiet when the cameras
on you is it I just wanted to see her
stop funny quiz and throw a monster
hey Mario sorry we eventually became
friends again again and we got pizza
pizza party after you put the kids to
bed but to get to better me got some
pizza
haha wardo and now we're trying to
formulate a plan for tomorrow because
anna has to go in at 7 o clock in the
morning so we're trying to figure out
I'm gonna have to get the kids up um a
lot of our friends have offered to help
us you know which is amazing it's really
nice and all but on many of them move so
far away
what are you doing pretty socks I wanted
to take you guys oh you're not you know
being a bad mom
okay all right
you taking yourselves off - lets go
right in revolution Oh guys guys I just
realized that you are wearing matching
clothes to your car seats don't take our
flip-flop off
oh my goodness anyway we have to go that
why do we have to get mommy some stuff
yeah mommy's poorly oh she's not sad
anymore no she's just poorly now and
she's that better yeah she's not party
what is he robbed again
oh he's frozen Oh mommy's frozen guys
showed up here oh that's right she does
is that her she's frozen about does it
wider know what about frozen it's his
favorite thing and tikki yeah he loves
little tikki doesn't he my dad yeah the
daddy take chickie out of your bag last
night why did that he take chickie out
of your bed was wide open naughty did
water get out of his bed yeah daddy took
Dickie away yeah maybe tonight water
could be a good boy and he can have
tikki yeah
get off this mall but on my shoe
all right friends what are we even
looking for
I think they're up here hey what are you
doing what you stay put what you don't
want to eat unless you do you want to
eat that
no it's for babies your baby no I think
we should get these guys and make our
own eyes Eduardo I don't think we need a
nice bike a cooler bike the kids just
bought their first guns the kids now
have guns I should be concerned so we
went to Morrison's to get a couple of
things mainly for Anna and and we ended
up with balls
everybody's got new balls now huh you
got a Peppa Pig ball Amelia got a
mermaid thing ball or something is that
oh it's princesses of course we needed
some novelty bobble ease what then we
got this we got an ice cream maker then
of course we got some pre-made ice
creams they got some flower pots you
know just the basics he is dragging me
in danger oh okay he's got his hand
there and thank you okay mister oh good
luck what think it's night time for
somebody ah what I think somebody has to
go sleepy stripes yeah what you want me
to block building hey I ordered you some
blocks they're gonna come tomorrow or
like I said of like I think it's like a
thousand blocks or something bad is that
the older he gets the more we sort of
learn what he's into him what he like
yeah take it over there I see Tiki you
see chicky TC ticky these be cheeky
who's that chickie yeah
you got cheeky back
yeah
break it mister mine in your big bag
overlapping music
yeah so I think it started happening
itself now piranha you know I'm just I'm
just the supportive fool you know even
she labor you just useless useless dad's
you know that I mean you made this mess
you not even here you can't even help
while trying it helpful you know cuz
it's just it's like giving burped you
know her whole body is is trying to
deliver it I don't know I don't a TMI
you guys you know all buddy-buddy half
of these tomorrow she's getting the DNC
so it'll be all clean and everything we
better let's let's add some water guys
the Aragon and we got wires one you guys
can have a standoff look what else we
gotten to go here media I wonder they
done yet how do you know oh oh huh
no not yet let's leave it here for a
little bit longer we'll go outside and
we'll have our water gun fight and when
we come back inside we can get these
outside yeah we don't drink them they're
ice collies so we can make them outside
yeah and then for for pudding we have
some nubbly baba Lee's novel II bubblies
Amelia stands here when daddy says draw
you shoot each other okay are you ready
wardo don't treat yourself
you should we shot word over
oh I change my mind a media don't you
your father don't see you I see you're
about it Oh
can I borrow your gun so we have to call
the EP you there again because Ana has
been M all right one minute one minute
yeah so it's called EP you there because
I know it's been bleeding on nearly all
day like tons and tons of stuff that's
been coming out so we're getting a bit
worried that she might be hemorrhaging
or something but then they add that was
a few hours ago and then they just call
back there yeah take your wellies off
word oh can you pop guys boys off I know
I'm like telling you an important thing
is you people of like trying to matter
Stan but yeah so am I think it's finally
slowed down a bit but uh oh my goodness
Ain and we also did I'm trying to I'm
gonna get a tattoo done tomorrow I'll be
like a little squid and we're just kind
of coming up with little drawings and
some ideas like this a little small
thing cause like I put all my kids names
on my arms on me and I just feel like
this is one of my kids even though it
may not have developed into a full child
I feel like it had a soul and I want to
just remember that this happens so we
kind of come up with like I don't know
it's like a little tiny little little
tiny squid thing DP you've also cancel
the DNC for tomorrow because Ana is
naturally
removing her body is naturally getting
rid of everything there's no need for
her to have the operation tomorrow which
is a good thing in a way I suppose
because she doesn't have to go and get
it done but um it's still it's hard like
all day long she's just resting in bed
and just oh boy everybody like a really
really really big jump
I mean your baby I mean is your baby
your boo joelly yeah yeah baby when you
boot oh hi neighbors
oh hi neighbors no bounds wherever you
may be I have a lord of the bound said
he stupid coin who put the gun in here
yeah the back is still running yeah oh
it did turn it off yeah I Barcelona okay
hey I said shuffling I just remembered I
was like oh no he's here you know our
dough so ina start waiting to bed so we
had to give that give a little bed
wetting pads look at our little minds
come here huh just those guys
brother he even cares about me what do
you have to pretend to pretend you hear
huh see you now will call me Mommy
picked you is mommy idea to get you
originally even though she wanted an
apricot toy poodle okay he's a zombie I
gotta go get them pretend you love mommy
check to see what's going on in here oh
they're behaving themselves we do not
want Oh
well this equals danger that's for sure
oh my goodness you better not he better
not
excuse me Amelia hello friends from late
on Amelia's here
Bardot's here too mommy's here and poor
Albie for algie's in there somewhere
huh anybody telling you why ketone else
so we're gonna say good night to our
friends now come on say good night to
our friends and say it nicely yay
night-night what little monkey is going
to get purple okay
the sky
yeah
ah
