good morning Amelia Thomasina what's
this I love you and blowing them kisses
huh it's a new thing now anyway what did
you want me to find you
Oh a witch's hat are you missing a witch
is that what are you a witch this
morning yeah but I need to be little
real wait I could have worked a hat with
it
Oh everything even got the Hat didn't I
you're not real wait right is that the
rules of which hood yeah
it's Harry Potter which Oh who's Harry
Potter I mean house hi Potter was in the
new house do you know who Harry Potter
is yeah no he's a little boy and he has
magical powers no no he's a little boy
and he's a muggle Mogul go go it's a
good chance it's a parameter there's a
pretty good chance it's up here I'll
give your curtains aren't open do you
guys like lights ok I like you no II
mean I Thomas Edison no disrespect love
what you did with lights
what but I must prepare a more of a
daylight guy and I always turn the
lights on in the kitchen and then I
always come in the turn the lights off
in the kitchen and it's not be being
frugal with my life Oh Helens here it's
not being frugal at my ass electricity
I'm just like when an orange or yellow
lights on it's like probably because I'm
always making videos there's the doggie
they're heading off for the dog why
Helen hi doggies I'm fine I think I
might be in a basement you know do you
think look at this look at this child
Scott like this is from pippity poppity
this is from babe you Boppity also from
Disney look at this collection of white
princess outfit you have when I go to
the zoo one cow oh you ain't this one in
Sorrento are you saving that one for
Sorento yeah
really love it deal has web an ting oh
wow doesn't it colors - Blake stop
together
oh is this red a pink oh okay it's got a
bit of white to this white go well with
red and pink hmm no I seems like a good
color but I think it's not bad I really
love that yeah you gonna be a fashion
designer when you grow up you're gonna
make clothes
yeah but I'm too big for that now so I
think I'm here for tiny to pop I think
when I put it all over no more and aqua
- crash oh cool can daddy wear the dress
yeah so I don't know it is really
beautiful so we are out playing game of
international football huh wardo head
insider just go pick flowers instead
it's more his thing
Emilia though I really I can't like
everyone ready ready whoa get it get it
get it get it get it get it get it get
it get it
Oh get some ah hello oh no you notice
white little fluffy guys that if you
like blow them they blow everywhere when
you were talking to find them you are we
did try to construct a daisy chain but
it did not go very well I am NOT Anna is
the jewelry maker in our family I am NOT
hey guys guys hold Iran stop attacking
daddy with a stick Oh Big Daddy up
they can be ropers all right guys we
need to find a lot ah we're gonna die
tagged with a stick here discovered a
stick
hoy hoy go get it oh oh this is the
fella here I'm talkin about
I don't always actually called but it's
a cool blowy plant thing guys come here
I want to show you something cool look I
got one
are you it is yeah someone put the
underfloor heating on in the park that
was nice to them okay you guys you ready
for this you ready for this wow what is
that cool is that cool there's another
chair guy
daddy's full of tricks check this one
out this is called the exploding down
the line are you ready for the floating
down the line
you ready Kay abracadabra whoa exploding
dandelions
year
nope nope nope oh yeah have you ever had
an alle thyng in media I call it natural
yeah
but mommy was a kid she used to hold
Nettles she was silly hello
all right Carolyn hello
not there huh
that is the second verse up why you got
makeup out of your head waiting for
Eduardo is bad and every when I call his
calls I'm like is that why it was bad
nope - bluffing under he's like this
thank you for watching our video bye
hi I am NOT a poor thing
yeah IceBridge mom huh where - it's your
bed now all we have to do is make it
where are you going oh my goodness wardo
bed yeah if I can small of it
no open it I'll open it upstairs in your
room yeah - your room
thank you for purchasing this mono
toddler bed please read the instructions
and warning carefully before you use and
ensure safety and satisfaction in the
operation of this product oh oh oh I
love building furniture it's my favorite
thing to do
this is the part when building flat-pack
furniture that you realize you can
though you may have almost finished to
build you realize you built it
completely wrong now you must take the
entire thing apart because this little
part here is upside down and no other
point was I made aware of it being
upside down because it perfectly fits
until I put the last part on is where I
made aware that I have built the bed
upside down so let me go and rebuild the
bed again
I love making flat pack furniture ok the
bed is ready I haven't taken apart
theater bed but the kids are watching
Snow White and the 15 dwarves is it
we're having some popcorn Oh pop come
for me I'll be guys having a movie time
yeah
special movie putting my cell phone on
ago are just gonna have some graham
crackers and marshmallows we we bought
the brown crackers and the marshmallows
and everything the big fat one you know
for the air to make the air what they
call the thing when you melt them the
s'mores
but we never had time so never got
around to it oh that's a popcorn er
happen that's the ones we got is this
well chinder to mean Disney sweet I'm
having some salmon
the dogs are having whatever they can
find all right okay
the bed what so what so what so what it
was a answer was a little bit taller
which I was appalled I wish I was a huh
come on let's go inside guys it's like
if I look at all look at peak was a
peace quiet oh by the way I did not put
the grass here today hey red
that's not my hair bed is made it's up
in his room I'm there dismantle the crib
everything is good to go for bedtime and
it's upstairs redoing pretty much
everything I did to get out of the Herr
Steiner just you type of standards my
standards and I know standards I soaked
his hair Marto so these are swimming the
coast Anna bought in Florida in the more
ready boat from gap yeah
mind the gap all right now mommy's gonna
go upstairs and make wireless room
amazing you guys come into daddy's
office come on it's daddy's office I'm
gonna wait come on this way guys we're
gonna come in here I'm gonna play some
fallout 4 I mean watch TypePad it's
white already is he come on litter is
the room ready okay let's go guys why
let me bring it why to up show them his
new bed come on white oh you guys
excited
our little Eduardo software we go oh my
kids are in big boy beds
I'm big girl bed Oh what do you think do
you like it you love it mister all right
guys Amelia into your bedroom mommy this
is for me in Eduardo's room oh it is
nice isn't it mister yeah either your
bed no nah not my bed
Oh what mommy said yeah I'm told Papa
peg I'm Pepe and peepee nitrito see you
in the morning time good luck in your
new bed she made me walk backwards and
forwards and backwards again for no
reason whatsoever
Oh
