it's crashing for the street
Oh beautiful me
shake the dust off of the car
ha
I can say way
good morning friends is the Sunday and
you're going to the park the common
thank you bringing all the dogs there
and it's bringing the six dogs for a
walk and I'm gonna tell learn and go
support with these two little monkeys
comedians I mean as our singer she's
here for music thank you don't know ask
I bet you don't know it's daddy now a
gun
goodbye um good day how's it wardo today
yeah yeah yeah no you change your top to
the no top turn oh I like your shoes
selection today oh it's nice like what
you done there daddy needs his lollies
what are these Paul right oh um ah no
what is that right Oh Lilly's the other
lollies to Lily's new nanny wipe out and
that's just my bad Oh matches your bag
do your shoes and bags always look for
my what okay well you don't like bag
sometimes boys don't have bikes listen
wait good sometimes boys do have buys
also you don't like bags Oh
oh boy
okay okay yes okay we have established
its wardo does not like bags Amelia does
like bags daddies don't have bags but
new daddies do have bags old mommies and
new mommies have rides Wow have we
established everything now
Wow no what are we missing
hmm nothing and Awadh oh um mummy oh
here we go again missing somebody
come on everybody come on they just had
to walk themselves he's getting leads
okay you guys all walk to trigger at the
buddy system what help what you guys
need help for now you're not my friends
oh let me see if I can find a prince hey
are you a prince can you go rescue a
fair maiden ha
go rescue Amelia and the Award for Best
Dressed cowboy you guys can funny I
got a hundred on I got speedos and a
vest like I'm wearing knee-high socks
all right it's all the rage dad's got a
rage I'm bringing sexy back yeah honest
currently in the middle of walking the
dogs she walks him - bye - bye - so art
is going to help me here we're gonna cut
the grass before we cut the grass you
got to move all the summer stuff off the
grass why which car do you need you want
me to bring that I feel all that he
won't be able to drive here and
everybody's gonna cut the grass no I
really need so any I need to do it for
one minute what you went in and you have
a baby you know media because we need to
go to Thomas for white nap because the
baby's moving so okay well hold on a
second how far apart are your
contractions hey baby
it's moving right now so and can you
please do that because oh I know but you
don't want to go to the hospital to
arity if you're only dilated a small
amount you're only going to have to end
up waiting so it's probably best to wait
for your contractions are closer
together okay well let's go to hospital
and immediate having a baby that's okay
get the cargo bed right anyway
no daddy will do it daddy will do it
comment all right all right she's she's
on she's cooking hop in
is there enough room still for everybody
watch oh you ran daddy over do you have
a license oh did you guys got a license
from Disney World number okay they have
a driving license so it should be okay
Hey okay so Amelia has decided to go
asleep on daddy now wardo is a monkey
man I don't know if you guys can see
Mila she's fast asleep on me where's the
monkey
Oh water why not just fell out for yeah
whiteout huh
why are your upside down so I know
you're upside down
we're on a secret mission should we
choose to accept it open it
okay we need granolas get the granola no
no Fred Ola granola doughnuts on a
granola that's some weird PDO thing in
half a little white oh that's free put
one back forward I said pull right back
come back
check out this cappuccino I made that's
related uh is it I did I made a frothy
special come on in here yummy yummy huh
yummy yummy in your tummy you want to
get up granola bar granola what's my
name I usually get some water I know
well Ray's a bitter you can review the
footage tomorrow I am fine why no what
you want for dinner
yes the tasty tasty yes it's full yeah
what I didn't get one yourself how can I
some of that one not you on your own one
what yeah what everybody else is equal
owners right now and I'm not in granola
town he didn't get you over now huh yeah
what you want for dinner
what is why do I want for dinner what ah
pizza trying Joe didn't make it face is
like all right go jump again and don't
make it I want to see the face she was
like Bali and she was like she's making
funny faces come on why do you make it
go on a jump you'll definitely make it
100 percent 100 percent high hundreds n
guard out
you
why is that
whole family is here for an old
everything let's roll ocean into the old
vegetable patch we have a small problem
Eduardo has now fallen asleep it is
better now you have a not biter
mr. gorgeous mr. delicious and
nutritious what are you doing over there
what are you doing over there pretend to
be asleep those wait to help my old
Donald hello mr. happy man but a pop
papa he's loving it I'm loving it I
thought is my favorite come on mister
you love it all cheese that's your happy
meal okay you have to be happy though
tomorrow he'll be happy yeah bats of
being had I don't know we showed you
guys this since these waters new bed
covers his bed is arising on Tuesday but
the covers came yesterday so he slept in
him last night is so cute though little
rocky tips on them little pillow and all
what we're playing blocks now as well
and for the last like Tuesday night so
you've been doing it he's been sleeping
in his bed so that's good news isn't it
another good news it's made today guys
which means may is the month that we're
doing all the RSPCA meetups really
excited and I saw some people asking
comments do you have to have a dog to
come to the meetups the answer is no if
you want to come to the Meetup and you
don't have a dog
you can just buy tickets and turn up you
don't have to bring your dog I like when
people bring their dogs because it's
like it's just kind of fun it's
different like meeting everyone and
their dogs but you do not have to bring
a dog but you will go home with it down
because it's fun included in the ticket
is doing softly what's fun and also to
know di the 20 pounds
tickets are that's a hundred percent
going to your SPCA we don't get that's
that's not going to us at all we just
really wanted to do it and we taught the
dog thing is like cool to do the dog
toys
kind of like the dogs are giving back or
something like that you never know what
what are we doing give my friends see
like your hands course please come
the dead so quick make sure your routes
are like they were left on brick
