good morning when we have fathers hello
friends
the kids are farmers why are you a
farmer because you're wearing your boots
you a farmer - you are though I like
your little jumper mister huh
daddy's not that he's not one of these
hunters I don't know how muddy it is
anyway where are we going media - dad
zoo you do just screaming away there you
got this
anyway we're late because we're waiting
on mommy are you ready
thank you sir for my single buzzer I
make you fall in love I got that was a
big head
alright friends we have arrived at the
world's Life Park
I'm excited to see the wildlife I think
there may be dinosaurs in there do OB
alarms there's no birds in here yeah I
mean do you want to hold one
okay neither birdies are gonna land on
you and eat it okay so don't be afraid
of it
don't drink it yourself we think
breakfast excited you guys we've been
another zero and I'm not sure that water
is gonna react to this
I think you mean we'll be okay not sure
you're in charge of me okay you can't
get past the first part and a rope
Eddie's gonna be brave Eduardo I mean
yeah it's better right
you tie me to the bird on my head okay
white house okay look at his head
I got a birdie on my head know what you
want a little birdie you see it you see
the Lima does not know what friends are
yeah
does the ring know how is honoree for
sure today
drop this virus by the bin
Oh
Symes on my side anyway I was hoping you
won't mind if I head around this time
time time
inside what's in here hopefully not
hopefully not lizards and snakes what's
in there
Oh lizards and snakes now do you guys
like this snakes
do you like spiders spiders and snakes
yeah don't tell her just put her in the
spiders in this room all right we are
touching animals what are you taking out
first
no I start with something small
equipment what about one of the snails
I'll touch the snail I'm gonna stand
behind Amelia just in case they bring a
snake ash quite Amelia just give me a
little pad is that cool Amelia you
touching weirdo oh right oh no brave the
door did this like animals okay put your
hand out be dressed you really stealing
me okay no no put your hand out Amelia
comedian Eduardo a little bit oh yeah
yeah yeah exactly
well put him on your hand I'm not gonna
hold him what glide very nice especially
feels so different like he's my friend
he's my friend like what was surprising
he's so brave he's like he's like
running in he was like trying to touch
the thing yeah no touch okay that
problem that problem too just as nice
and Stroke little stalk but only feels
like a rock
okay don't kiss him okay Amelia Amelia
appear to dragon just try it top of the
head it's not running mouth I set it up
reset who are guys it's a female
Khaleesi
no okay we're all fans here this is my
friend he's a bearded dragon selfie the
cheese so this is the containment area
for the children are you staying in
there or don't want to jump right one
job Oh
oh I'm still going he's still going
good boy charge the man's locking us in
are you ready guys oh they're so
apparently guys there's wolves here okay
so whatever you do wardo don't let the
wolf bite you okay if you think a wolf
is gonna do what you do is you just
nudge someone off like this well feeds
we feed it for the ones your best friend
what I say you're my best friend okay
there's no dancing allowed there's no
dancing allowed this is this is a no on
dancing oh no everyone's dancing now oh
goodness what's happening here it is it
is it's in the Guinness Book of Records
the fastest train in known to man
- sorry destroy you right up
here we go
cool I'd like what are these in my house
just to chill around my garden just like
I'm just gonna head down to the bottom
of the garden hook on my little train is
that gonna pop it oh look who's gonna
pop out
alright welcome to the temple of Angoor
don't be angry in the Angkor temple do
you work here is this your shop hi can i
buy something please what do you want to
work here to you our dough my whisper
sail a boat oh can I have a can i have
one boat please you money got two boats
okay I'll take the two boats yeah oh one
each a one for me and one for guardo
shared a boat with us
Oh what color boat would you like what a
plaster for my boat
Oh a bike oh yes please and I don't want
to pay the levee you know you could've
just walked around hello welcome to your
shop what are you selling in your show
hmm a wine is in the shop now Bardot's a
shopkeeper now it's made out of stone it
doesn't even look real
look at these three specimens you still
good that's no good it's still good I
got it
okay ready media ready drop it oh it's a
good one it's good
what everyone no no it goes into the box
okay where is known okay put it in here
put in there right and there let go well
we've just spent all our money on this
thing
Oh Amelia that's good skills all right
drop it right Oh drop it oh oh we got
tumblr what if we drop four at the same
time okay
okay we need four coins it doesn't
matter anything for them okay hold on
hallways wait we need two for the other
side hold on don't copy what are you
doing with a pound
give me that okay we need two for that
we need a fourth one oh we got four we
got four okay right Oh
three two one go
okay lads it's now comes as a
competitive aspect we were playing crazy
girl who's the official Ciccone Jory's
versus the small fries what why does our
my team oh no way all right okay
Amina come back you're letting our team
down okay no no you're next you're next
two three four there was a lot of like
what's the power on this course you let
your father down no I might go straight
in no she was a mic drop just like oh
please don't please don't kill me I had
a different vision he has not worked out
as my vision the kids are just going
nuts but it started off good just
running around going straight go this
way go this way come on lost all the
balls one more left with the care now
all right let's hit the boomerang ball
oh my god are you sure you wanna do this
Wow
Oh leap of faith why don't you to leap
of faith
Oh broken kneecaps all right all right
do the biggest one ever
no you gone wrong way leave a page right
out
oh I know Ross control its self-driving
what that is that eat are all right
folks
did you all have fun today you want to
go see Louie and you wanted to Daddy a
what we just thought Daisy and Ruby hope
you enjoyed our the experience friends
it's time to go
