we've gotta keep this tree
we gotta keep this dream we've gotta
keep this dream
you and me we were gonna be the heroes
Wow hello friends it is Friday
we are back in cold old huh and we are
going where we going we're going do the
school run nice to me that you want to
go in today because I was like you don't
have to you don't wanna I am jet-lagged
lads your friends at Disney World
we're having a girls fashion school run
in a while that's the good old give us a
second good old-fashioned school what
witches would you do that for me now
would you do it for me now boys oh I
enjoyed the minivan I prefer this so
tell me where to Disney World and you
met Cinderella
you met Rapunzel you met honor and Elsa
oh that's the only hotel in a small
amount today how is anybody supposed to
live in this country I've grown
accustomed to my 70-degree all right no
no 70 degrees that meant 75 ice
it was about 30 degrees well it's not
the funny thing you know when you get
back from doing something cool like you
gotta go telling your friends you're
like I don't want to go to school but I
want to go and tell my friend can I go
can I see all of my friends for today
without doing the school work
oh hello hello hello kitchen she loves
me she loves me not she loves me out she
eats mice not what if you really love me
you should eat mice not if you get a
good overview the sign of true love tuna
if a boyfriend or girlfriend over this
you how much you love me pick a big
snart a big like grill anyone and feed
it to them sign of true love what you
been inside gonna keep the dock the kids
the dogs went on a camping trip
they weren't camping our dogs are in
camping how much fun would that be so I
ordered in a cat or last night quite
cleverly well where's where did you get
any fat boys where's my Orlando food
I've grown accustomed oh look we're back
to Nature's Path what everyone's in
America call kind bars are there so kind
no more American - dad look at these
tiny little European portion for twixes
what about 400 twixes Capitan can't even
fit a person in there look at this space
huh I'm gonna track the media okay no
it's not okay but I do believe in me
Leon school yeah you want to be my only
little baby boy yeah just want to and
Daddy forever
no you'd miss Amelia you love Amelia
yeah yeah you do
I won't be long okay are you ready for
the school run the school run I should
bring out a music video called a school
run rhyme/song son no I'm not gonna
bring out a song back in the day when
YouTube was a hobby right you tell it
you'd make up these songs and then you
just put out your video but nowadays
it's like you have to have your iTunes
and your downloads and your record
labels and your music videos and your
merch and all these other things that
I'm never going to do you know I'm like
I'm like an amateur video maker on a
commercialized site nothing I did a
commercial about you know I just want to
make funny videos you know
don't you run behind that car oh my
goodness oh my hand are you driving the
car
ah
my nose in the bathroom and they tell me
to go in the bathroom and then while I
was in the bathroom
and then she said I mean yeah can I be
your friend and then I said yes and then
we both because French et cetera and do
- and she didn't have a proper no she's
a pet oh but she doesn't have a kitty
cat or a dog or those six dogs some dogs
no no hats no sister
what about mine oh no oh no Pat oh no
brother and sister this has a mommy and
daddy and huh oh do you have a pet or
pet do you have feel so I have some news
friends would you like to hear about
some news so last year we participated
in the or SPCA
big walkies and it was so much fun
meeting you guys and meeting all your
dogs and just having like it was just a
cool experience if you went last year
but we own it equally is like to date
last year or maybe three I'm not really
sure but this year we decided we're
gonna do four days initially they're
made for dates to come but initially for
dates tickets for an event are going to
be twenty pounds but not only you get to
meet the Saucony Jolie's you also get to
take home one of their dogs okay not a
real dog safe fluffy couldn't leave toy
version now which one is that last year
we helped the RSPCA raise over a hundred
thousand pounds to these big walkies and
us being ambassadors for it but this
year let's see we can do better than
that
I'm excited to go to Wales because I
only ever beam Wales when I've driven
through it
I'm excited to go to Bournemouth because
I went to university and born which
means I can show you guys my old
stomping ground where I went to
university where myself and I used to
live and form and just thought that's so
cool you know
and then obviously sad London in North
London that's gonna be fun too and like
I said dirt might be some other dates
but we'll see then later on in the year
we'll see but initially these four dates
are available right now right now come
again come again fish fingers peas beans
that's the kind of situation we're
having right now kids already had their
dinner minutes ago I'll be cops
you guys small a minute ketchup left
it's not gonna it's not gonna fare well
when asked farewell to the beans cause
I'm gonna eat them teamwork teamwork
teamwork that's the car teamwork
teamwork
good job guys Oh waiting slide it in
watch your hand immediate hand is in the
way
teamwork high-five
thank you first thank you first move
your legs your legs all right
hello and welcome yeah welcome to our
physics Nick okay no I don't know come
on you got a hang down hang down no no
hang down and lift your legs off no oh
okay
all right hang down wardo nobody doesn't
run through it okay hang down I know
hang off at a media hang on guys
we're supposed to be my cheerleading
team look at a head look at your mind
look at the weightlifter over here and
make yourself hangovers did you need a
safety instruction first if you're
driving your bike and you see a cow in
front of you what did you do
good wait there very good now
if you're driving along and you see a
mouse what should you do ring the bell
just very good you're actually quite
quite clever at this one okay I think
you're ready I think you past due or if
the theory test okay do you have your
playlist you have your playlist ID okay
there's a cow okay what do you see you
count do the race whoa okay go go oh no
it is the mouse
nice one all right mr. delicious come
over here you need to ride beside her do
anybody's nothing terrifying these scary
students are let me tell you about
hysteria terrifyingly scary scooter
like
do you know the magic words
Wow
hey where's the scooter no swirls in
here this one was it when you dude
you're just gonna go and open everything
up on it
no Cadabra all right back inside back
inside
come find I'll be anywhere I just seen
about 50 miles away trying to find them
weirdo
how did you get here everybody huh
so because I had a squeak we're right
here thick at the MSA yeah the car I had
to squeak and then was I going wait why
don't we just like sometimes you just do
a count everyone off you know I know
that's why I was over in the corner
because the Fox Hall
I was worried they'd gotten in here
Rich's house the okay though you get
your legs okay no where were you huh
where were you Joe every other group are
you sure where you are he's not afraid
you that's not your dinner Rosie I feel
that full this morning oh you feel that
this morning how much he's eaten already
it's like a jelly bean machine all right
guys scooter game is over it's time for
bed that was the dramatic little while
there least you guys have your your
playlist ID everything should be okay
hey friends sorry to put you in the
fridge you didn't see it's quite late at
night just give you a fright so
everyone's in bed asleep but I had to
finish it get the video done because
tomorrow lads we're going to the zoo
place and we're gonna feed Tigers we're
like behind army it's in the fridge
light and get an intro a little bridge
yes so we're going to this cool zoo I
think it's in Hartford sure it's gonna
be amazing I'm so excited me I knew this
was coming up for ages now so excited
about doing it I was like oh my goodnes
like I don't care if the kids want to do
it or not
if I get to actually touch a tiger
tomorrow I don't know if that's
happening but that's been a life dream
of mine to touch it hi girl if it
doesn't happen tomorrow if you own a
tiger please invite me to come and touch
your tiger I would like to touch your
tiger oh hey nice tiger can I touch it
okay it's getting a bit the conversation
is getting a bit weird
I should go okay okay the fridge is now
complaining to me that I should go
alright lets me borrow order hot water
anyway I gotta gather your friends
before they pretty compared to me I'll
see you guys tomorrow hope you had fun
hope you enjoyed the video give it the
likes do the subscribing thing leave
nice comments and you know what I'll see
you tomorrow
