morning
wardo
there see
alright wait here for mommy
wait here for mommy chilling to the side
Y del conte in psalm a minute ago now
we're inside
city lights to shine so brightly when
I'm coming on to every night when I'm
gone
we're home you excited to be home Amelia
Jimmy sir I see huh Jimmy they came
running in just like yay
where do where home yo no no ways
balloony still here Pardo
you know balloony huh her home oh my
goodness Ana did you leave this light on
the whole time we were gone home sweet
home
what y'all bring the suitcases in now
the dogs are coming home today in a
couple of hours alright for look at
these two yeah straight to the door on
the TV was did you miss your TV guys did
you miss your unicorn the chill hmm your
coffee guys good old-fashioned Nespresso
this press yourself my cup or maybe my
Orlando Cup uh-huh or maybe just some
room
we traveled so far
to get
our eyes on that right was to restore we
crawls I have a Snickers a great
mountain ranges as far as season so
so you can still find
is listening to me okay gotta go back to
Amelia we have to wake up okay miss
glasses you wake up you have to make a
person I tried to get Amelia to wake up
silver eyes for a second is like no then
I went to Eduardo I know and I went to
Eduardo the same thing as well like
until you gave up well I try to evolve
to home this won't happen it
I thought you would come and help me
help me if I turned human I can entice
them get out we're gonna take if your
orange juice has been sitting there for
ages it's like completely separated okay
I would like Orlando heat please where's
the emergency where is Orlando button
the Orlando button counties be warned
the following footage may contain scenes
of desperate children and you test the
situation I'm just gonna like take the
matter of eggs oh boy oh boy he ready me
Leah I'm really sorry but I have to do
this okay I'm really sorry I love you I
love you so much
oh but this is the best this is the best
situation no no you can't go back and
sleep no no you can't sleep stand okay
we're up
we've done it we've done it we've
cracked the code we've cracked the
college we've done it what has a carry
you so you can go back to sleep on me
you got your plan okay that was actually
as bad as I told was gonna be I thought
there's gonna be tiny tears where you
going
you can't run over there and go back a
sleeve what are you doing what are you
doing hey mister oh oh good boy huh mmm
this is the situation now okay do not go
to sleep on daddy
whilst I'm walking in this is no are you
guys going back to sleep on me are you
guys gonna sleep on daddy you can't see
any opportunity huh
there's sleepy opportunities what would
you do if you lost all your prized
possessions
in your home if you had an
uncontrollable leak so you guys know
that we are currently in the process of
purchasing a home and something you
never really kind of think about is what
if you did have an incontrolable leak
and your house filled up with water and
all of your prized possessions were lost
what would you do so direct-line have
got in touch and they I've challenged me
to see would I be able to manage a
situation if we had and in control of a
leak so directly and have this product
called home plus insurance but let's
simulate a situation we'll call it the
three-hour challenge which is not
exactly three hours but it's a challenge
these are all my prized possessions I
was going to put a million Eduardo and
Anna on the pedestals but then I thought
I do like chocolate I do like vlogging
by the way that is an old blog camera
that does not work and it does not have
a battery inside it so just so you know
we're all not gonna lecture to eat
ourselves and a classic car because you
guys know I know cars and I was going to
turn on the top and simulate an
uncontrollable leak ready and I will
have until this builds up a water to try
and stop the leak
one I have to find this top cook your
challenge is to Ryan - hi are you ready
no well I need my phone or something I
need to get away okay okay okay who's on
my team who's on my team me
okay media is on my team I get the
camera wet I'm trying to get to talk get
wet whatever you do do not switch I'm
not want hopefully there's going to be
no uncontrollable leaks anytime in the
future
oh no okay no okay that's really very
fast
what don't have my car yet where to eat
don't let the tummy go in okay yo tell
that is good that is good I swear
I encourage you to top search you can
turn order supplies back on my train
just in an anti-clockwise direction
absolutely bang your kitchen but no face
look at this I know
okay come on to me is anything we gotta
go whichever's getting quick I'm gonna
stink of India all right we got this um
there's a lot of things I didn't say
there's a lot of things I wanna tell you
wet an ear a image image search image
search
it's about it's about me
that what is that there
aha here oh that work well the car was
stolen by eduardo camera is a bit wet
from the leak hello with the chocolate
silver wet I'm still good
well there you have it folks I think the
equivalent of me losing that will be the
equivalent of maybe possibly losing
downstairs of the house that will be
terrible another cool aspect of direct
line home plus insurance is that you can
actually get a plumber within three
hours that might have helped my
situation but now lads I'm walking away
from this knowing where to stop is
so here's a question if your house had
an uncontrollable leak the water was
rising to your house and you could only
save three things what would they be
leave a comment down below that's what
we're that's our discussion that's our
discussion also I'll leave so mad some
information in the description if you
guys want to check out
see the sunlight
so I know you guys know what we were on
Frank Academy I can't actually tell you
I'm not gonna tell you what it was or
who got pranked or anything because it
hasn't aired yet it Sam it's on you oh
this is a date oh oh it does it says I'm
certificate don't wait this difficut
it's Jesse and Gina's show from you know
I have prank vs. prank oh you
girlfriend
we did it when we were in New York at
the Shorty Awards it's when we actually
shot it it's it I know we lose at New
York at the yet at the streamcon not
this reward
oh I am very Jedi okay very good like so
yeah you should check that out it's
really really funny it involves dogs
and Anna Saucony classic classic isn't
in the media
okay I'll touch more when the episode
goes life I'll tell you more right there
okay okay but anyway let's go
bath time bath time what you gonna do
what you gonna do when you got a sink
you bump
so I think what I'll do is just not say
anything to him I'm just gonna like
bring them up read his book put them to
bed not make a big deal but the fact
that the bed is there open but it's
really so in the morning time a
comparator media on them we've ordered a
bad I think it's gonna be like seven to
ten days for the bed to get here so
hopefully everything's gonna be okay
oh boy when I like Eduardo's back
to English hair his big crazy frizz is
gone I'm just gonna hang a little thing
here is anything different right up with
that he's sleeping Manos bad what
put your read books in bed we do that do
you wanna read a book in bed ha ha you
know your book downstairs yeah no no
okay well let's hope this is a good
thing and Eduardo is good not going to
be a crazy man
oh no oh no it's an invasion Scott it's
gone why is it off what it's disappeared
know what you'll never be able to find
this yeah well now remember you're in
charge of Eduardo up here you're the
leader on this floor okay so you have to
make sure the barters being a good boy
and staying in bed okay and in the
morning times you guys can hear and
place together yeah I like kissing your
eye I can stick shapes and ladders and
then whatever well we all have a
sleepover right now everybody have it
all
I curse you me friends do you know what
time it is
have you tried to avoid it because we
were in a play like in Orlando with the
first episode of season 6 came out then
we're in the airport in the lounge and
there was a few guys
I mean this girl anywhere I'm discussing
the episode and I was like try to try to
get away Ana's hiding over here we're
gonna watch this we're gonna be confused
we probably got have no idea what's
going on season one yeah you always know
again though it is so much happens in
the show you're always like what even
happened what's even going on anyway we
are out seeing here friends we're gonna
watch this and be confused and then go
to bed that's so exciting our life is
safe okay
