good morning everybody and welcome to
Tuesday what are they calling one day is
Tuesday is three days four days Fridays
I think I just invented something one
day cheese
Amelia's iPad right what its own self
intermediate band I know it just got him
jumped into your bag turned itself on
and was just playing the land I mean it
was like I'm trying to sleep
mr. iPad and it was like isn't it until
11 p.m.
here's a question for your friends do
you talk to yourself
it's a real question it's more like I
just have like um conversations out loud
especially when I'm working and stuff I
talk to myself about like she we should
do this is that a good idea yeah come on
dude okay let's do it that's it I've how
he's hired like a DD or whatever is
going on when they've got a seven
billion voices in my head screaming at
me all the time
probably reason why I've suffered with
depression and stuff on my life is
because I'm always having arguments in
myself it's not the conversation what
I'm asking you is that do you talk out
loud to yourself because I do and some
mornings like this morning moments ago I
mean he made me laugh because I was
having a full-blown conversation myself
my subconscious outside and who are you
talking to Daddy it's just like oh my
goodness she just like made it real
and I was like normally on my own I'm
because I'm just driving along here
usually when I'm driving along it's a
great time to have a good conversation
with myself and when you're talking
field which is probably why I got into
vlogging is probably why I'm gonna vlog
it because basically blocking is talking
to yourself
except damn you guys are there right you
are there right hello you know I think I
think talking to yourself is a is
healthy and it's a good idea as well
like you know cuz you know it's good to
talk and it's good to talk about your
problems and sometimes if you don't feel
comfortable talking about your problems
that's why I started as a child
sometimes it's good just even have a
conversation with yourself and release
yeah things you're holding on to give it
a try if you're new to talking to
yourself don't recommend it if you're on
a bus or an underground or in a public
place right now you are on an
underground media you were on an
underground - mister we all were
well actually seen on Theo or once on
the under band they went to the winter
the big walkers you brought them into
London anyway that's a that's the topic
for stay
would you have for lunch
sauces mush green beans yeah
thank you family thank you
ready ready ready what was that whoa
it's good I do apologize about the
hairless yeah me blowing it off so I
wanna just send backup to get Alessia
shoes but look at his though things oh
they're so cute they're so small for fun
shoes
she's so cute were they yeah so cute hey
so good you ready you ready are you
ready ready my mum's friend from like
way back like when we lived in America
she got back in contact with my mom
recently and she now I'm remembering
like she used to be really crafty not
like me or my mom sorry mom what it's
true
she sent a bib hand me big for Alessia
which I thought was so cute because like
the other two don't even have something
like this and she's number three what I
think is so cute is that it's a proper
like patchwork babe and it's like
old-school you know like you tie it with
her this is the card I thought it was so
cute when life gives you scraps make a
quilt
how nice is that like I wish I could do
stuff like that but I can't you know
would like to be able to actually just
make stuff yourself and not rely on but
that's what people who make like who
have like Etsy shops do you know and
it's clever cuz it's like if you could
make something you should either sell it
or like not buy stuff like the
ready-made stuff in shops like I think
that would be so cool if I could do that
but unfortunately I'm not not gifted in
that kind of area though no I will not
be making my own babes anytime soon I
think you need an athlete change though
I can make babies
quite well I would say small Brahman
washing machine nothing to be alarmed
about hmm it was a dull bed and the
winner after unlocking the filter yes
the kids little toys bring it oh look
who's having big girl food someone's
having pasta for I okay it's not the
first time but it's like the first time
that you know we've cooked it for her
especially if that makes sense so she's
had like little pieces of I think like
spaghetti bolognaise and like just a
little bit here in there don't you
two of you are gonna be eating rice
though because that's the way the cookie
crumbles okay that's the way the cookie
crumbles joint genome naturally have to
wait I think all babies or all kids love
pasta
I think but like I'm just about she
likes my you know baby so we used a I
got these like teddy bear I think there
were teddy bears yeah
pastas it's that Garofalo brand it's an
organic pasta brown they're actually
really good and they have different
shapes for babies and kids these are
more for kids than for babies to be
honest because it's not like they're not
really small or anything but she can
manage it like she has six teeth and she
chews pretty well good girl and they're
like spinach flavor and normal young
pups like I respected a quick final
touches on me yeah yeah it's a lot you
can like the mouse you can write the
nose look at them all now you probably
can't even see them I hope I hope you
guys join my little story time video I
made for you guys yesterday a baby makes
all the difference know what I called it
something like that because it did
basically like Lassie I liked her child
whoa
true us through us under a boss lads
what's gonna happen if there's a fourth
kid who knows I guess
you gotta collect a million wardo am i
right there mates gaff it's really nice
that they get to hang out with their
friends all the time it's really nice
for us to it also had a little bit of a
share I think after watching the em the
stories on video I felt like I should
have felt rim guys I should get a tan
get my hair cut I'm basically gonna look
2016 Jonathon he was cool I didn't like
him at the time isn't it funny how you
can think right and think about your
present moment and you think my present
sucks but my past was amazing in that
funny even like in relationship you only
get out of a bad relationship and you're
like it's really sad and you you get
over them and you move on and then later
on you look back and you always think
huh I did that so many times I've met up
with them ex-girlfriends so many times
not since I paint her great to clarify
but over the years when I was a teenager
you know I'll break up with a girl maybe
and they're like a couple of months
later we might meet up and I don't know
it's just a sense of like closure or see
you like see we're missing I don't know
what it is familiar I already maybe just
something familiar better person it
makes you think like oh yeah those were
the good old days
I just realized I made my slippers huh
in foreign a million and Eduardo Oh No
there's no Eduardo's rent here anywhere
hmm did you see an Eduardo anywhere no
hmm wait a second what's that moving in
there
wait a second come on where's the media
where's the media oh geez you're not
going home no you're gonna stay here
friends it's a date night you wouldn't
believe where we went for date night
tonight right I'll wait for your comment
we went I have got something different
every single time I've been brave I
think so
and guys finally and also they've opened
bookings as well so you can actually
book a table now very exciting news
whose seafood ramen I wouldn't try
seafood I minor chicken oh my god I got
the chicken ramen the first time I was
here wait yeah I got the chicken ramen
the first day I came here
I think so so anti goddamn this prawn
meal and I just got a starter today I
didn't want to overdo it you know
getting my I get my holiday body ready
you know I mean call it holiday holiday
buddy
I love these things guys these are the
best ever alcohol I know I'm very
positive about that
