we were friends
from a red wall where you got like the
airport and we're on a way to I'm
working on I know and playlists of
course play this is for us the zeros for
the kids
what oh boy oh boy
situation that's a great Sidewinder this
morning a widow banana team I got the
guy that's a sinner
let me see let me see put up a couple
bits of grass back on I like this hat
though kid and if you know you want the
flip-flops as well are you gonna face
one more than one it is high as well
gonna be a cowboy
oh good ray bags instead of the guardo
or spring comes with it knobby
sometimesi oh you've got free refills so
basically put it on either side of the
land they could go into the don't do you
have a house long old flying toy with
the airplane with the aeroplane and the
mommy plane in society plane and the
harder plane go this way some two kids
are in the inside and is on the outside
and I might have said boy I figured
we'll keep them contained in here
so if you got annoyed if the kids like
you can just press this button here
okay bye Amelia I can
yeah down over there hello
left on your team
well
you
the world traveler
Oh
what a run right
hello
Oh clunk oh there
Oh
he remembers that from last year you
remember that from last year pounders
does go really fast
does the moon not know it needs the Sun
to shine illuminating all its melancholy
sadness doubt of resolve
the strangers know like the better
forever
but uh piloting all Oh little drop this
to the sky time time times run alongside
I was open your mind we are here friend
we are here and old
never view our house oh don't fall but I
feel like you're going to buy now
you're a jump it's a big jump does the
Sun
No so we've just arrived there a small
if we get away this is insane that's all
the students up here what's gonna take
about a week to get up these stairs what
their what what's even what is this a
Harry Potter room hufflepuff Gryffindor
oh my kid why are you going show me what
your room here
Oh what the hell what the hell oh my
goodness
hey Jess Vicky and you wanna show daddy
the secret door
wait there's a secret door Oh what is
this inside oh my goodness is that a
karaoke machine
what just keep on going Oh back in today
oh is it a bookshelf this is amazing
what what is this in arcade machine a
pool table
what down in the end under the foosball
machine outside
oh boy oh geez listen uh there's a
cinema me house so as a mother movies a
pig what is this a joke I might do here
for pop great what you knew the user
guide oh boy okay look we'll do a proper
high score thing at the end right
because I just there's just too much
stuff I can't even hunt even know what
not even I can't even this is just this
is just crazy
oh there you got this place for the top
village they're like a luxury rental
company for like you can rent homes like
this but app look at this is so cool
what okay okay let's breathe let's bring
it to the kitchen
oh stop fellas lives look at this
customed tells with our names on them oh
that is sick
this is so cool this is mental this
place is insane where does it
whoa this is scary up here maybe not
maybe nice go back down go right that is
too scary
what's that Gryffindor and Hufflepuff on
or something
what are those are they are they the
school so Harry goes through or
something no I don't know anything
are you bringing a microphone with you
it's gonna investigate the pool come
save us let's figure out how to get on
wait wait wait wait there's a thing here
man wardo weirdo whoa is those guys huh
guardo you're really careful though okay
guys maybe careful
no no bikes should get wet oh look
there's a little jacuzzi this is jacuzzi
here guys oh my goodness look at our
view
we could give you guys the view is
amazing
Oh coming for tomorrow there's more
steps okay be really careful mr. mr.
prone accident-prone I'm not going to
put you in I'm knocking things are going
to put them in we're not going to point
you in the water
don't put your hat in the water Amelia
holy but there's a little fountain hey I
wonder is the water hot or cold guys boy
tested I was DJ daddy yesterday oh no
guys the water's warm the water is warm
I repeat the water is warm
come on over there oh my goodness this
is the best thing I've ever experienced
in my life this is the best thing I've
ever experienced in my life
this is amazing hey mister mister magoo
come on burn what if I get a table when
I spring water win
let's bring water win hold on you put
your watermelon back there yeah could
you say what's down here come on
wait let's investigate over here oh oh
wait it's got stones
it's got stones no reverse can you my
bag is an interpret no oh oh no no no
daddy can't go daddy's in his bare feet
you're not gonna leave daddy are you
No don't beat daddy on his own come on
over here pull your socks open you can
step in the water are you going swimming
in here tomorrow
no we can put those down of those off or
we can put up your little shoes and then
we can step in what do you think we do
that daddy forgot to add I hope you
enjoy the video
yeah I totally forgot to end the video
last night we just got here weird to
pull it was just so much to do and it's
just having so much fun but so this is
Jay and then tomorrow will be today as
well but anyway I didn't want to just
end the video the way it was like I need
to explain myself watch oh no no anyway
this is DP next right here we're here in
same time we're paying in the pool I am
a hold on a second I'm going to jump in
in a minute
I'll see you guys tomorrow which is like
today but it's you can do this it's the
gap it's the time change that's all it
is
today see good smart hope you enjoyed
next video
you
