we going on a holiday
dogs brain the car the well Thursday's
nice I've got a swimsuit in my box back
to 15 in my hand that's how the wettest
day summer songs playing
cuz I have
all right
pop it away my face you're nice
in my hand yeah but don't let it down I
don't have a say mummy
I'm pickup time on your list yeah good
in the sky and your the conversations we
noticed you today is the last day of
school before Disney World
Disney World I think there's no more
days then again
Disney World
I think Disneyland is in California and
Disney World is in Florida I was like
you last year media I didn't know
anything and now I know it all then you
go to Disney World
just scrap that one it just grab at
their word oh okay you grab it there
grab it right oh get it you got it now
don't let it go word Oh careful
oh yeah okay I have two pieces of good
news okay piece one is misshapen Anna
have got herself a scanner boy bad we're
going there now as rushing inside gaming
or makeup and sub done but the even
better news my friends look what's come
back from the wash oh my hoodie huh even
great news now I can wear it again I
think if someone told me or something or
Justin Bieber one said why am i coaching
Justin Bieber but he once said that he
wears a new pair like of Calvin Klein
underwear every single day that's just
silly
that's just silly now Justin lunch
boxing nursin hisses oh he got an ax a
snack box you know when I asked for a
snack box usually with three pieces of
chicken and some chips that's
Mack box okay hey you don't like in a
chipper yes night box I've been I've got
this line Donna nowhere
well I didn't even notice hey you big
prude oh I never get that right I make
my date night jokes why I get everything
right
they just selectively happened to catch
all my mistakes on camera all the things
I get right I never catch on camera huh
are you ready for that maybes good okay
it's freezing
ringing the new baby - the baby I think
I did somewhere in my hat it can't let
hack without by time by gloves made you
remember and since I don't post got
situation
so I'm just coming to you from the m25
oh we are going to the baby God get
inside there's wind blowing loves to go
away with report yeah hey all right
Donna
you have to speak up in this motorway so
now we're going to get a scan I don't
know what laughing so my GP very well
we're both nervous laughing because like
the last thing you did is you peed on a
stick and the state said you have the
baby exactly at all we haven't seen it
we having their hair girded okay
please carry over like a couple of years
ahead
plugs in for comment yes watching it in
2019 you actually have quadruplets to
get your drawer Isaac wasn't chair
pregnancy for up scary
we're now early but work here
because seriously we are you having the
baby today
yeah just 15 here today and I totally
forgot about it okay so anyway we are
back from this guy thing and after all
of that we weren't able to get the
scouting done properly because I think
that is actually um the air like not any
over stores later unexpected or earlier
than expected I don't know the kid isn't
like it hasn't gone through all the
right stuff I think it might be actually
like we're predicting about eight weeks
but it might be actually like six weeks
or seven weeks so and we got to go back
next Friday but in the meantime if
you're Florida but it isn't world do all
that stuff so that's great but anyway so
I booked in for next Friday after all of
that like oh my goodness yes so media is
here now helping me pack are we packing
hey where we going today me well then
dad what are we doing this murals and
game are you excited to go to Disney
World
I need a trainer I'm Disneyland are we
going to bow to them which I'll get a
good first and then then after that Luca
pays me flowers well actually we're
going to Disney World first but listen
to me do you know that the house we're
staying in has a pool in it yeah and did
you know that Amelia has a special room
in this is what can a special room was
it again what kind of special room was
it so I plan a special snow-white room
whoa yeah okay but first we need to get
the suitcases down okay so in the old
time what what's out there do you want
to go ahead there why not
laughs way to go
it does look scary doesn't it that's the
thing about period properties that's
what happens again you're going to the
world you go into the wall oh no this is
from YouTube comments what what is this
30 pieces of art inspired by real fan
comments what look look look
this is the really big one okay this
comes from Australia Australia hey do
you know Australia is ah it's very very
far away
Kyle Burton from Richmond Australia
Gina's a kangaroo in here clouds you
said he kangaroo Oh Kyle what have you
done
what is he done
is that your breakfast
I might need wireless presence hold on
no this is definitely your one that's a
rocky road odds look at this thing
espresso martini Tim Tam slam stickers
thank you
oh no immediate putting stickers on the
camera thanks a lot for that
if anyone's a cent stacks of markers and
wall paint firm Renoir markers
preferably you know Oh putting more on
oh it's kind of poster on it cool ways
are stickers on the screen to my dearest
Sikh holy Jolie's an immediate wardo add
water fiction can't begin to tell you
how much happens you guys brought you
guys oh oh the pajamas sent you an
Australian Brian called Peter Alexander
which is really well known here and
quite high end Oh fun suppose these are
fancy pants you know cook Thank You
Corning PSL Francesco we're still
waiting for an Australian meet up I tell
her every day
box guys Melissa here has a DVD it's got
a movie a little note of happiness whoa
that's not a little note yeah my lovely
kenji probably uh Nicole from Cypress
white oven my brother's wife is from
Birmingham so I'm allowed Dana yes it's
blue
um she's a teacher in reception oh
you're going to go to reception soon
well immediate
was born at a really awkward month so I
mean that's going to be the oldest in
her class which is probably better than
the youngest in the class so I think I
mean it's not going to go to reception
2016 is 30 40 70 whether you're going to
big school but you're going to big
school into preschool not into reception
I know it's very confusing
oh look at this cool card okay this
thing was actually full of tea love this
one
wait um the tea is for Jonathan and
mostly added to help her totally there's
so many different options for you okay
woo thanks Lucy oh we're good for tea
right now we've got tea and Kim Jones
know we've lost all the tea
getting into art oh she makes a packing
this size I should bring that actually
yeah okay so I'm tired but I'm under
plane wheel and let's do a little bit of
job here - down there would you say it
was 35 degrees though no would you say
tell me yeah okay what is it it's 29
right now 29 and it says next week 33 33
when I wasn't over exaggerating at 35 33
I'm a kind of light I'm a 10 to 15
degree kind of guy you know that to me
is a lot 20 is like Lance cam down 25
I'm inside shades down sleeping in Sun
cream 30 I'm an Irish man lads I wasn't
my my fair-skinned it takes me about two
months of sunning to go white I'm
naturally a kind of a pale blue color oh
geez
um we'll move you just a pair of goggles
I also don't know oh geez
yeah they need to get pajamas like
summer pajamas oh yeah what do I see it
for anyone hold on huh any actual
Schwartz all right kids are in bed Anna
isn't bad um I think the packing is kind
of done I'm not 100% sure I've probably
forgotten things well I'm trying to get
this video sorted so I can hook it up
now because I may be on a plane while
you're watching is I'm not sure I think
it's like is it 10 hours to Orlando I'm
not really sure I know it's like 12 to
LA and it's like 7:00 to New York I need
to get here I need to end this vlog I
need to go to bed goodbye friends
hope you enjoyed this video what a crazy
turn out that was to go to the scan and
go through everything and then I think
well I hope that's not anyway we'll find
out hopefully next week can we go for
the actual scan and they kind of look
like we might if you only be like five
or six weeks pregnant not eight or nine
or seven or eight I don't know it's so
confusing at the start
it goes by like they track it by like
when you're like one day pregnant you
could be like two more a month pregnant
or something I'm wondering here are my
thoughts I'll see you guys tomorrow
enjoy the vlogs work on Orlando tomorrow
know the videos you're gonna watch
