when we sign you call you told me all
about
the one day I
so friend
try to get chilly never easily hood and
let's go this way silly pants I have to
take the flags down because the party
was over yeah
sonnez feeling a little bit sick and
tired I'm gonna bring him in assuming
this morning come on this is my goo we
only be late a snack maybe huh Mina's
concern is did I bring a snack up up up
up come on you're gonna be late mrs.
Magoo Amelia what time is it
the temple
I'll carry
Oh Perry
Oh Kerry
- one
good Carrie
Carrie
swimming class I just have to wait up
here it's hard for me to get older and
you're not really supposed to be
involved in our class as much then you
feel like you wanted so we think that if
we sit all the way back here you can
kind of see down into the kids school
and you can kind of see them and kind of
watch them like we're going to said oh
yeah I don't know we told you where the
guardo got updated to the bigger schools
we got like and promoted from the
classroom is in like the first class and
that is promoted to like the second
class like the advanced baby class so
that's good for tomorrow
you want to keep crazy hair yeah
did you help funny to your friends
immediately yeah what did you put your
face in the water I want when I go do
something you want I'm trying to be
under sliced or I had tacos on tomato
with the pink British you were what your
flight yeah it's awesome
yes yes and then this is what
so myself and wardo every night I have
been practicing our building skills and
we've gotten quite good at it okay so
let's start winding this one here okay
no we don't need the trees okay daddy's
turn
no not a tree wardo you can't put a tree
on top of it all right why does turn
okay that's it daddy's turn
oh no oh hey it's like it's kind of like
janya careful careful careful oh no oh
no oh no don't no no I didn't fall over
didn't fall over no no seriously no nice
lights last night I'm doing like with
this height he's the highest one ever
made we don't move don't move don't move
why no why no at this rate we're never
going to be able to build a house let's
be honest yeah well that was the reason
why I was saying when I was talking I
feel the heads before I was like I don't
think it's at the right time to build a
house because I really wanted to build a
house and I was good idea we look we
found lines we cut a tree down with
negotiators a price and lads
we found them the developer is thank you
we got everything and then they said
it's going to be 18 to 24 months and
that was when we're like oh well that's
a walk yeah your turn so and then we got
pregnant and then I was like that's
definitely not happening because I was
considering living in a caravan on my
site whilst building my house sounds
like it could be interesting could be a
fun vlog you might you like building
ahead of said you know time lapse from
like the ground all the way up anyway
that's not happening now that's over
that dream is over
so we're going with the old classic
pre-built home I think
I think that's what we're doing wardo
you know we might look at that
developing it a little bit and changing
your toy yes what is that yes wait what
this is good nice one
Oh No Oh No why must you always put them
on one side okay here we go here we go
this is it the championship no no no no
why no why oh no what does it say on the
balloon Amelia was the same the balloon
congratulations that's pretty good on
who's going to be in charge while we're
gone are you gonna be in church or is
we're gonna be in charge are you eating
kale crisps who are you
I don't even know who you are look at
them munching kale crisps no the balloon
is in charge okay I'm leaving the
balloon in charge see you later mrs.
what you can't come this time maybe next
time
would you be good for the balloon you
guys promised to be good for the balloon
careful water the balloon will float
away forever
a media I know you joke but you won't be
joking when it flies up to the sky
that's whopping the George Pigs balloon
didn't this huh
one damn side of a discard it okay we
are heading off to our first OB
appointment this is number one
appointment if we rahein lads exciting
times the media scan your body over is
good but I got asked otherwise we'd use
no schedules yeah turnaround a long
second scattered air and give wrote um
tomes a little row probes yeah yeah I
guess it over me baby what yeah here's
the shot alright because everyone's even
a comments about the twins or
acquaintance carry on it's not like
please just just clarify plus I've been
pregnant twice this is my tert I'm
having a child and that the sooner you
get sort of I don't on seeing the baby
and stuff but then you see the baby once
and you want to see every time I don't
know we didn't we've never bought a
dolphin or for that reason because it
just makes you paranoid what I wouldn't
say like I'm feeling what a twenty and
we're actually going on a date
are we getting food afterwards that's
plan
okay okay night Oh date night on a
Tuesday everything so does it changed
not know
it needs the Sun to shine illuminating
all its melancholy systemic resolve
does the Ray not know
all right we are out and we are trying
to find somewhere to eat but I think I
wrote you out it was a cool experience
like the holy man Theo being we met the
midwives we met everybody and it was
really nice to feel like this when
you're when you're gonna have a baby
with someone it's it's like a team and
you're meeting the team this seemed like
a little over Russia I it's all right oh
okay the Sun is a bit better here but
that was mad it was so bright I couldn't
see anything and you couldn't see me and
I couldn't see you and well I mean you
know I can see you
what ten 10 seconds back this come on
your highness my life now don't we just
all have to answer the restaurant and
I'll get the food and bring it back to
you this morning oh the muscles the
muscles legs cause the puffles and
muscles hello I hope you want for your
coat
let's leave basically what are you
talking about the swing needs to go
inside what oh oh oh I know be sure you
don't have to put the scarf on a burger
that's all we need no he got fish yeah
oh god it's going to Kenan and Kel good
burger thing I'll get it mixed open it
yeah welcome to burgers
oh my goodness my belly is well hey
buddy for that was a monstrous monstrous
meal that was that was a king burger was
I think one over the gourmet burger king
situations
Nando's oh my goodness Guildford you
showed my belly um question
you reversed you send there I'm
compelled to go down there okay the
Metro Bank I think it's and this way
there's the new bucket but where's the
old look what new look all a lot of ones
edge was a call like luck right there
was like our that's the old block and
this is the new look what about good
luck or bad luck
you know our you know free TV that's
what we like we're an old couple honey
you forgot your teach this yes okay
we didn't get asked and today I'm
telling Embry yesterday plus I go if I
began to scan tomorrow can you confirm
that information no cuz I don't know
well we don't might we might be getting
is gone tomorrow a gestational aging
scan just to find out it's called a
dating scan did a day she's gone but
we're going for a dating scan they're
going to scan our dates we're going for
a date and that might be happening
tomorrow so that's exciting we might
actually get to see um or somebody said
I should call it squid you know what I
call me Leonardo squids oh yeah hello
squid yeah squid
yeah boom I think we're gonna name it
squid guys we agree we're officially
calling it squid we have a name it's not
not what you call a chameleon Eduardo
yeah squid what I call them are like a
little squid ah oh wait no hold on can
we now call it squid then later if you
want
well squid well no you can't be just
like giving them they all looks as if
life using the dish you know what are we
gonna be calling it we shook hands yeah
so we call a squid yeah you get the look
look yeah and then you two look and I
give you off on your snapchat friends
they like guys it's not chic on squid is
called Penelope are over James
yeah
