Oh friends
this is a dog this dog is full of poo
does not know
it needs the Sun to shine illuminating
oh it's morning mr. Otto know what you
haven't you haven't chocolate yeah yeah
yeah there is Sun wait first oh that is
a sunny situation if I ever saw one yeah
you have your jewelry in your pocket
don't get them lost okay yeah you got it
girl guy girl what are we gonna do buy
sunglasses are you selling sunglasses
do what I'll do they yeah when you're a
baby
yeah that happens in your baby you want
to be a baby we're panda slippers oh did
you know mommy's having a baby I do when
mommy's baby comes out maybe she can or
he is mommy having a girl or a boy
mommy's having a girl and a boy
would you prefer a girl or a boy only
you want two more brothers and sisters
oh and then we can that's it you're
calling it then you're saying four is
this no more thank you
oh you mean like two more yeahh two more
is all right about what if it's two boys
oh no would you like a little sister
would you like a little brother you
already have a little brother and
suppose we don't have a little sister
what a Dwyer doesn't have a brother
Big Boy
I don't think we can make a big boy
brother I think we can only make a
little brother we'll get them to come to
my life and then we're gonna houses day
for a new house and a brother and sister
they need to be
yeah it'll be real people my place
city lights they shine so brightly
when I'm coming on to you
what is this what is this dirty peach
little dirty beat month look hey you see
your foot that's what's doing okay it is
being a busy I don't know a week or two
possibly and I had time did you in all
work out with Lucy now Lucy's here and
she's downstairs working out with Anna
and in about 20 minutes and it's gonna
be coming I'm gonna be expected go ahead
you know that when you just haven't done
it in a bit and you know you're gonna
get beaten you're gonna be beaten to a
pulp that's thing about the hit workouts
you never really well you build a
tolerance to it but you never and then
she just keeps increasing your life I
know it's getting me intense and every
part of me just wants to like chillax
and just go like no it's cute little
worried of things to do but I know
that's not gonna happen and I'm gonna go
over there and get my stuff in put them
on and do it oh boy oh boy it's gotta
hurt video all the way cuter pregnancy
how do you hurt you have muscles how do
I have a baby with a six-pack that's a
blind it's interesting we're gonna talk
about why it's really healthy to
exercise but about safe exercises you
know which i think is really important
like to understand because you're doing
it your goal is to actually just have a
healthy pregnancy and have a healthy
baby invest that's what yeah we're doing
the first time master one on Wednesday I
don't know maybe next week if you get
more intensive you get lighter as you go
along no maybe they get lighter they
don't get lights they're getting more
specific you know it's like pick up the
cookie eat the cookies pick up the
cookie I love that thing concerning you
know right so we have this plank if it's
really sunny outside this little so you
can see if it's really sunny outside and
we're like you know what let's that's
embrace the summer and let's do a
workout outside today
obviously I need this device here but
you can open a window we can hear the
music quiet and I just like let's take
advantage of the summer might be there
tomorrow
is it too late now to say sorry
because I know deep down you're in my
mind I don't know the words I could
google them to find out if you hold on a
second there no you there you there
ding-dong
things don't get out of hand get in here
there's a monkey nuts you're a monkey
not edit the first of many pregnancy
vlogs which week assist it firstly yeah
yeah I remember that you're always at a
brat every time you did something
you're pregnant it's so funny just get
your walk up stage like this is the
first pregnancy test or see no you stay
there okay back in one minute okay
because we're going to Orlando pretty
much tomorrow I figured it was probably
best to like get you a quick Bo box
emptying before we left so I'm gonna be
one of those weirdos and get some
ketchup and everything I'm the weirdo
because I put ketchup in the fridge
doesn't everybody can't catch up in the
fridge someone's like nice elevated
spring oh it's a bit laughing it was
wired of the iPad okay where's bad
parents we're going to get back our
shorty award
but only good I haven't actually have
them fish and chips kind of it's roasted
what you call toasting sweet potatoes
parsley and chip or and potato and then
a caught parts of yeah and Cod so it's
good so it's kind of like kind of like
fish and chips
what Anna is having really bad what
she's having she's been having the
morning singers are it's funny because
morning sickness not morning sickness
isn't happen in the morning it's lies
like flies well yeah she's getting
really bad so ginger is your best friend
so kids are in the bath right now I'm
just going to Nick them to the local
shop and see if I can pick up some
ginger nuts or any sort of ginger
products hope you guys have any
suggestions leave them below of things
that are good for morning sickness or
evening sickness or pregnancy sickness
you always feel so helpless if there's
nothing I can do to make it better so I
was like at least I can do this for you
ginger nut yeah I don't know if you've
got that but and they didn't have any
ginger so there's a Morrison's near here
then I try and blend up tomorrow's and
see if I can
I was able to get some I'm gonna look
around see with other ginger products to
have as well because I looked on mums
and stuff that are on there was like all
like ginger related stuff ginger ginger
ginger ginger here in this one it says
like over here morning signature all ran
sickness was all there like pregnant
kind of stuff it's not maybe to be
something here hey you know like for
morning sickness it's raining better
than like ginger biscuits energy did you
see yeah it was the pharmacist and she
said ginger gave up everything to brag
to you ginger bread is different to
ginger
Oh got a text message the types of
massage no I did not get a text massage
somebody mentioned me on Twitter very
exciting very exciting stuff my friends
don't forget to keep some unit it was
there while I'm making a joke Zoe cuz
Anna god did you see that
wait I don't mean I was left in the
world
since all we got on it is like pregnancy
pack and one of the things was this
little tiny lunchbox for Anakin keeps up
in and I was like what'll I do with that
with the by actually no wait
what a wonderful husband he went to the
shocked
oh why is it luck and I actually said
some really nice I thought it was in
relation to something from the other day
as a joke
thanks right anyway she got it is tiny
little lunchbox support biscuits and
something so he was like make sure he
feels that did this get to know each two
packs and then drink this entire box of
tea and you'll feel better instantly
hopefully hopefully it makes a
difference you know I do I do remember I
do remember going out in the old blogs I
remember like we have to just go back
and watch the vlogs you know we haven't
been pregnant in so long you know in
fact I don't think I've ever been
pregnant come just come to think of it
now all right all right baby you sit
here you want deal all right
also crack an egg just written a sport
it's got peppermint big fan of dark
chocolate and peppermint not me tea and
iced tea have you tried it yet yeah baby
good hopefully it works hopefully right
anyway we're gonna go hope you enjoyed
this presentation of my life thanks for
enjoying my existence Theo save my
friends who's that
really lovely love me that's the chair
that's what you're sending them home
wait is this is this goodbye friends
babies over
