Oh
be careful
good morning friends from this side look
at the Sun so what are we doing guys
think we're playing with Anna and Elsa
radio where did you get paid Oh from
what Donna Zoe yeah listen Zoe I can't
whoa so we got them some sort of Play
Doh thing yes they do and in here and
there echo and then a goes down the box
and then I comes into I say it comes
into ice yeah until I sing oh I see
cause you put it in here and then what
you do and you go and I just cause she's
dead by itself I don't know how to cut
that out oh let me see - there's no
stairs yes just a good job oh oh it's a
house oh yeah little bed in here so it
comes out like that look well and
okay what no remember we're gonna paint
Luann's IVAs face maybe Adams face what
do you think why not my face oh he also
got some face paints oh she's making
pancakes for breakfast
what's that good morning food baby what
is that a baby you're gonna beat me
chicken egg no can we count you I know I
know
hope not kids me baby
digging today oh no no no put it in
baking pancakes for breakfast
if I use oil instead of its
melted butter yeah you put it in the oil
a person some people say can't be held
responsible for the outcome of the
recipe we run a professional pancake
maker so I think this day next week is
our actual meet up at playlist so this
day next week we'll be hanging one clean
you guys you guys know we're going to
play this oh maybe it's Saturday then
only this Saturday yeah so yeah if you
guys don't forget we're going to be in
Orlando a playlist
I think it's next Saturday go to
playlist and you can make sure to book
tickets or whatever it works but they're
usually I think the same like 200 or
some 1950 places or so so we'd love to
see you next week at playlist oh you can
be the first people can be the first
people to see pregnant
no I love you know I love you I love you
here
no daddy's a word oh yeah you wanna come
in a bed your daddy yeah balloon pumps
yeah we have balloons answers we don't
have a blue pump okay place isn't fully
ready yet what not on the call my
goodness look at this frozen - okay what
is in the - look at this frozen time
look we decided we put them like this
because on the other side is on an Elsa
but for today all of them go to the old
laugh way isn't that right in media the
Olaf side yeah yeah cuz it's word of
party it's gonna be a small intimate
party but a party all the same come on
why not let's go like I'm in so much is
the sunshine for a second the summer
shoes come on all right why are you
ready yeah you're not back hiya I'm not
that tall
thanks for reminding me are you ready
right Oh
I saw on it this time I saw you coming
mister I needs a banana snack time
yeah yeah you like that
okay let's see this hate off I'm
guessing Morrison's may have to live
everything
that's the intercom but we need to hear
we need to get a balloon pump remember
yeah so you can see if there's a flu oh
my goodness what oh look it's the
media's Pony friends okay where if you
were a balloon pump where would you
seriously talk in the middle away from
the box oh geez
now what if he gosh you found the Lady
Bird huh
what oh wow a car huh no don't do it
resist resist it's gonna be some sort of
a balloon inflating thing what what are
you doing
these are party poppers oh you like
motorbikes in order daddy had him up
wait no daddy never had a motorbike a
motorbike for dangerous and you should
never ever go in a motorbike okay just
don't ever do go me and motorbikes
you got this you got it hey where you
going
yeah no that's what
what do you think
okay
yeah
oh
Oh
so guys we had to baby huh it just
popped X more honest knees and this is a
baby fell out
alright have a good crowd okay I know
baby
what's the story the only baby with her
Oh care no weirdo
Wow Gordo I mean ya gotta be hey you
have to practice being a baby
you gonna work after mommy's taking when
she comes
oh yeah or we fall so it's going to be
like Gordo or she's torn here you can
react with gentleman with you like a
fish okay we got here what do you think
weirdo oh he can she he and she
twins twins I'm looking for the baby
swing oh there it is there through the
baby thing we had good thing we kept
this thing we no idea that we're gonna
have more kids
anyway little did we know our friends
are gonna have kids either but you're
the only has no way does it work no does
not work but it's a because everyone's
just holding the baby you know the ways
I guess we have a son I want theater
jumpy thing um that thing like this do
you hear them all hopefully like an
airport is gonna be like there's five
kids right now and has which is your six
of my kids
all right we ready we're all gonna sing
happy birthday happy birthday to you
happy birthday dear Eduardo de l'eau de
l'eau Eduardo make a wish you blue oh
gosh it's on him touching up he's at
tasty right oh yeah is it worth it Oh
what would you guys have ei hey both
sobbing strawberry would you get Lou a
chocolate mmm what do the media get hey
what did you get late meeting anymore
hi hi I give that is it no yes Billy
what was every flight just better yes my
god y'all know what no no way say yo
Louie take only way up to say say yo you
would now you gotta go yo you are have
you seen your mugs like British she got
I Love New Yorker don't know what oh
yeah you'll know what I say yo Lewin yo
Sophie nosy man what's up where did your
brother get your brother from the same
mother
Bardot's and straightening her hair and
then Luiz giving it a no Kush oh no what
oh you're a doctor coming careful Oh
Louie don't chopping me to the ear off
okay you promise not to chop her head
off only the hair yeah yeah different to
it guys okay it's a couple hours later
everyone's gone kids are asleep that was
pretty cool I think those fun little
party I know I think the kids really
good water it's funny cuz I'm Louise -
but he's three in a couple of days right
but human add water like they got on
really really well which is really funny
like him and Eduardo were just playing a
lot of times Amelia and Xavier and Louie
we'll kind of play together Eduardo will
just kind of hang around with us cuz he
won't feel as like connected or
something he was like it was like the -
it / - he's such a good boy like he's
kind of pointed so well in the bubble
singing and the little sparkles at the
cupcake that was cute until I burnt my
fingers off the sparklers because I was
worried I'm glad to I burnt and brought
it in and wardo actually burnt his hand
I'm so sore anyway we're out of here so
I died I did it I did time Jake guys I
did I think I didn't even realize
just remember I'm the father of your
children all of them the piles it up
anyway we are heading here oh we get
into scan this week by the way
exciting isn't choose this no no Oh
weird appointment yeah okay we're
appointment I choose a which many do is
get you never know but I'm not going to
it might no it's not it's not okay buddy
but I'm getting people false whole rock
even fault oh I'm just saying this is a
finger Johnny Scott doesn't know but it
could be used a lot in two different
places it is not like oh please cuz it's
not there
need an iPhone app scanner I'll be cool
Dolan I think there is one
no way then you be addicted needles I'd
like to think that Jane had yeah
everything Jana
so brother's wife she had a thing where
she could like listen to their baby oh
oh batteries fashion all right friends
goodbye I shall see you tomorrow if you
need any an exciting what happens get
into a bash you look good from tasty you
can't wait it out until the battery dies
grass is green
