putting Fred it's a Friday morning and
we're getting ready for school
Eduardo has an F 12 or Leaney there did
you get a copy for for your birthday
yeah they they seem like the nice shoes
okay Mia come on let's go scuse me
mister we don't go to big school yet
okay okay bye word oh it's a beautiful
day so we got some cool news yesterday
how cool that we really want to be
knitted why let's get into you don't
even for the assassin we put them on the
list to get into funniest and actually
got places which is really exciting when
Amelia starts there shortly I'm just
gonna be wearing school uniform next
when she's at so she's got out of it
right now we're just gonna live in our
uniform yeah I mean it's gonna wear a
uniform at the new big school huh
ready for that right not the poop who
runs unicorns in your shoes she's gonna
have a uniform you gonna go to school
every day there's gonna be a shop for
everybody because it's going to be an
everyday school but every day is gonna
be the school run oh my goodness this
hardcore school I can't put your TV on
what this dentist appointment I've had I
was supposed to be first on Wednesday
yeah Wednesday which was the day that we
got back from New York so I had to
cancel that and I had to do that from
New York which was really awkward we've
had to ring it like 11:00 p.m. and then
I rescheduled for today and the only
negative is mine and you did go to that
dentist but you you don't have braces
yet
no you might get them when you're older
I'm not I'm not a hundred percent sure
why age you got them to be honest do you
want braces Oh sometimes you want them
oh okay nice house run in the road
the car now and then I shall come and
get you and then we can go tomorrow
yeah I was gonna go to Martha's like all
just like Jennifer welcome back back
again was an exciting morning this is V
nuts oh my goodness now am i some sort
of an uber no I can go home so I
suggested Anna look there's a baby and
mommy spot there and I was like well
technically we have a baby on board now
again
doesn't that mean oh he can yeah I know
you got to be heavy be pregnant together
yeah put the IO is there like well if
you've got the car seats and you got
everything you're almost making it you
almost have everything you need
the reason we're actually here is
actually hilarious so we were doing
there an online shop right and we got
like we kind of fill those to stuff up
into it and then the site broke or
something like that we're not always fix
it later and then we didn't get a chance
to actually fix it later and then it's
ice cream we're just thinking of like
we're picking their treats or something
and then I was gonna wait and then you
know you just do like a pretty shop you
just put in like you have to get it
that's why I do that you have to get it
over 40 pounds oh so funny
but then arrived this morning it was
just like ice cream and sweets and cakes
and jasmine rice Oh what kind of a day
is it every morning I have a
proclamation from not just your normal
average video morning after sleep
another
now did you have fun in school today
did you play with your friends now did
you eat our lunch yeah I does keep
myself shocked and please go did you
keep your socks on yeah because everyone
else has best hopes it's important to
wear socks isn't it
so everyday at dinnertime right Anna has
this thing right here's microwave one
and microwave two which is trying to get
them to end at the same time sake
because this one is 15 seconds faster
than this one even though you put them
on to the same time that's kind of funny
that's good this is my mind goes over
here no oh sorry this one yeah this
makes slower no yeah it's an open micro
oven that's this time in microwave and
the vlog just went live a few minutes
well half an hour ago but it just went
live and uh you guys today you guys are
playing cuz it's funny all day long what
kind of message everyone was like
Jonathan you you better if you have to
be here you're a big trouble you know my
mom never came into juice well don't go
crazy don't but not going crazy I'm just
adding stuff it's just coconut oil oh is
it
okay so there's like fight or something
well yeah it's a bit of fat from the
burning up you need a bit of like
moisture its massive it is that is funny
on your on your third pregnancy
oh is it mistake on your church dragon
see you look like six months pregnant
and we're actually looking at
photographs or from your blog of Anna's
first pregnancy
remember this question of the day do you
like the white fluffy kind of breast Oh
super dozen or do you like the order
meeting the legs and wings and stuff top
ranked me brown me yeah I like affair
this one I'll add a bit more fat
for the baby like come on take your baby
so this is myself and Eduardo it's
nighttime routine I'm currently running
the back I don't know if you can hear it
and while it's running my salad wired
out comes up and he watches his iPad
playing a bit of Fallout this is our
life our nighttime routine you like this
water like Peppa Pig yeah he's your
favorite is it daddy pig yeah is it
mummy pig
yes what about George pig that's the
thing right well you have mummy pig
daddy pig Peppa Pig and George George
why isn't it George pig huh why is it
just George and we have Danny dog Pedro
pony Rebecca rabbit Suzy sheep Danny dog
Eduardo
should I go to Diamond City Wow no where
should I go ryouta
Betty's office we are in daddy's office
you're so cute
I'm so excited to have another one of
these there's a 50 of those in Margo's
morning beautiful
can be fine and fair but he loved me
I said with her each more
why me
Farzin dream it songs I see
whereas become an old man so again is to
smell of that it's a dry shampoo is it
yeah cuz it'll monkeys Missy right oh
hey no driving on the town oh you go
look yo hound dog hound dog
oh this is from my sister is that really
cute quiet
yeah let's go guys come on the back to
put her I was about to put him to bed
all the lenses are mucky come on mr.
moto
okay night-night
alright battery is flashing so we're
gonna go save my friends my friends save
my friends little squid what are we
gonna call that thing is war a meteor
was like pen Koga
if Morgan was Junior I think you need to
find out the gender first before you can
give it a nickname he was just a pancake
what do you what do you crave as well
Oh
