when you're always gonna fire
I can tell with my natural hair that you
give me up to the light your trips the
delicious mix in the sky
hello friends from Times Square look at
that whew
last time we were here I wanted to come
up here this place is so busy that we
couldn't actually get up here so the
shorty war thing we have to be a half
five we have to be in Time Square Center
I don't like it
this seems like the center hopeful Jes
guys here
niggas got probably gonna make us to go
to Olive Garden's right I've always
given you an outside every was good in
such a hard time because we're like
where we go if you guys Olive Garden
last night oh the Bubblegum trip is up
here three two one oh no remember last
time this intersection where we have two
guys in food for direction and then we
work on and instantly we have to give
money to people and then all went
terribly wrong
and they were luck we're going to starve
up
jørgen the screen thing I do on an
ordinary human I use this K let's do it
let's be future people has to be early
adopters must be an area doctor here he
networks what oh it's a photo it's not
ordering your copy I was like order your
coffee
a shine so bright
we've come to American girl stop
G crew this room we gotta marry Amelia
an American girl or we walk past because
we're heading up towards time and when
it sort of Sykes's the American Girl
Place and I was like we got to go ahead
we got a movie that one one week she
asked a doll I think it's just clothes
and self-confidence
it's an American boy thing that we can
get mad wardo kind of thing see any boy
in here
it's honest thinking or getting exist
and this for Amelia and then the low one
for the talk like they've like matching
outfits I think the one over there the
pink one
no it's pink one here so we can't love
it I don't look it looks just like her
they know that's picked up by them no
guys hello we are you a girly friends
bonne fête just could get one for
yourself and I can you find project in
here yeah I am Bert blue eyes contest
is that you oh it's getting serious now
I think it's like
next one yeah yeah yeah 27 27 you're in
27 Jamison army oh what's the media
isn't media 27 no no she has to 27 oh I
wish I thought you were 27 which one
looks like me okay they've officially
lost in their lives look at this there's
some sort of like beauty salon take a
seat
stroke dude and so your doll doesn't
feel left out your doll can have it's
very own doll hey does this all have
it's very own doll too right wait what's
happening what's happening here I'm not
sure what's what's happened here
bye there's a man opening a press for
the
so I'm having social cabins but we still
end up in sacks and reddish analogies
and I think you've taken out and
pictures have been luck that this is a
boyfriend thing or a boy bag or
something already sure that's really big
scraps or something on it that's all I
know
this is my bag so now we're doing a loop
apparently this is what they call a loop
this is a very very dangerous new friend
you know cool your hot dog
oh my goodness but we're in Burberry
central Oh No
- dangerous situation bar we tried that
Marnie's rides at Barney's parent lunch
at Fred's Breakfast at Tiffany's what do
you have dinner next time we come to New
York we'll find out ash you look like a
grade-a mm-hmm we got some focaccia or
caprese so nice I'm gonna look myself
and I got matching and matching
bracelets like we got loaf races best
friend bracelets best fan club I also
got them a toy in a new belt and this
guy Salvatori Fraga Chino or something
check out this keep that oh and then we
just got something else he left did you
guys know seafood know what you get
what's that we both got the spaghetti
western Oh Fred Fred I got a detail
pizza party a New York Pizza legs huh
got a New York coffee I've had a New
York Pizza what else you need New York
this is just madness like I'm sitting
there and is massive suite in Manhattan
okay I'm like in like two hours or
something I like we're heading to this
award show I like and we're nominated
for this a shorty award thing like this
is crazy you know it's not only just
forget I just like making videos and I
like sharing my life and I'm like kind
of like you know connecting with other
people and showing people my life's like
I just I just I like talking to you guys
and I just make having fun of my kids
just like I don't know just sharing my
existence with people who are interested
in being involved in my existence thank
you so much everyone like for I don't
know if we're just watching like however
long even more if this is the first
video you've ever watched of mine thank
you for clicking on this video if you've
been watching these videos for the last
five years of my life thank you for
being part of my existence am i I've got
a head full of dreams and a heart full
of passion and I just I just want to
just like I don't know you guys are the
best
you know thank you thanks I hope you got
something to say does each other
full jeez
we sing our song and work things out
together time has come we can
if we come to kill love move out the car
it's heading doing a little bit we have
about three minutes to get there one
minute to get there so the entire road
is closed with clothes we drove up then
we went around and other way and that
road was closed as well I don't
understand Terry oh no no there's not
any way probably quite late we may have
missed a red carpet bit but we're kind
of Sikh you'd be happy about that
now it's raining
awesome anything else in any mail plan
anything I see we actually made it we
met some friends skip class don't tell
anyone why is it raining in Manhattan
Oh let's go gang bell here
quickest way to be here at the 8th
annual story war it is very exciting and
I have been dreaming of being on this
stage for I can't tell you how long and
the shorty award for best in care
Ciccone Jolie when I'm coming to
every time we came so far for this we
came from London it's close yet an award
cuz that it's pretty heavy what he did
you kind of think like I think I'm
really good at making babies and I think
I'm really good at making videos and
then you get an award it kind of
combines both maybe thank you so much
yeah Thank You Francesca you guys just
want a shorty award are you the best
parents in the world
well we're award winning parents I don't
know if the kids will agree they're not
here right now we left them to come and
accept this award so I vote so bad but
it's all worth it because we got this at
the end you cross the ocean to win an
award for best parents you must be what
is your trick what is your key well you
know what I was saying anyone is like
you know when you're making videos
you're like you feel like I'm good at
making videos and then you find out
you're looking good at making babies
you're like if you if you're way to
combine them both hi mom I'm gonna I'm
good at both three two one daddy never
get yeah we won't be invited back no you
are I mean I might not be but you will
yeah all right thank you guys so much
good friends we are at an award show
thing and we have called the Shake Shack
how long every wanted to come to take
time for oh yeah yeah no one oh my god
you've always one to anyway have some
news I have one of these anymore about
it when we get back to know Joe I'm
gonna get chicken burger outside and
we're back in the hotel
we ate Shake Shack it was amazing look
at his girlfriend dress today though can
you see that you see that look at this
bow Francesca's name anyway do you want
to see this all bad boy here she picking
open oh oh this thing is the heaviest
award I've ever worn also 8th annual
Shorty Awards best in parenting so cold
you drool lose the thing is so cool
again so it's just such a fun night to
met we met loads of viewers and stuff
we're outside beforehand and after hand
and just really cool are just really
another fun night in Manhattan I'm just
gonna carry this thing around this is
actually a weapon it's gonna be like a
weapon like and the girl we were talking
to him new girl - organizes that shorty
Awards and she was saying like that you
guys like broke she's like you guys
broke the website did so many you guys
voted every single day like I said it
was like craziest like the most I'd ever
seen he was insane having you guys vote
every day so thank you so much for being
like the best viewers every other
channel is just jealous of you guys she
goes in the best fuse but it seriously
it was so cool told me I was like ah you
guys are awesome awesome
anyway we put this back in here
recognizable
okay
broke till next year right I'm gonna get
editing and vlog hope you enjoyed this
video presentation situation hope you've
enjoyed everything this video has
brought to you this video was brought to
you by happiness get by friends
I'll see you tomorrow and remember we're
now an award-winning show this is an
award-winning chef who's awaiting wants
to go enjoy it it's an award-winning
show I'm an award-winning parent
millionaire duardo hate me as teenagers
and they say I'll be like hey it's okay
I'm an award-winning
