Oh
three agencies man and a disease and you
know our assumed asarco's fyodor know
their lb is forever the dogma when
everybody else comes in he's always just
hanging around you know he's is kind of
like stubborn or something he's like no
no I'll come in when I'm ready to come
in
oh hello sir hello sir welcome good
morning Amelia and her unicorn and
Eduardo packing here this morning all I
need is this one here that's it it's all
I'm bringing are you bringing your
laptop my watch are you what yeah my
work stuff yeah is he going to work huh
oh that's a cool table
yeah you look really hot now boiling
eggs on a Sunday morning you mister when
did you become a danger mouse Oh
yesterday when you became to sit down
sit down
see if he is other snobby gonna know be
Donna
maradona
older wardo to builder any job a son in
a Footwear don't a builder can he fix it
oh my goodness look at this thing it's
got like a saw it's got a little hammer
look at him oh so cool are you gonna do
some building yeah yeah using
construction work parties oh my goodness
all right officer Amelia hello officer
in media Oh what's up oh you have a
radio and everything okay we're officer
Amelia oh yeah that's so cool how does
it work
wait thank gosh people know you got to
put it on your belt or something look
must what you got trousers and
everything oh you're doing some cutting
yeah you cool dude oh they're cute
construction worker spider-man
spider-man does whatever a spider can oh
my goodness
you look like a zombie eh
yeah or does the Builder behind Jamie do
you know if a builder had spider-man
powers that will be handy this summer
this is a bit of a a costume what do you
do your hammers fall on that wardo
you need hammer time
I can tell
a dark way in the skies can you light
embassy really crappy face of the
the sky
here at the airport and is there God
don't mind a glass of wine dinner this
is this is what it's like glad it is are
we are we on New York time yet yeah yeah
isn't it with all real time this time on
the breakfast now Australia time yeah
it's the next day it's the night or
something like anyway we're going to New
York because we're gonna do shorty
awards you excited oh my goodness
nominated lads fingers crossed we win
leave nice these comments of goodness
comments and goodness so we're in this
cruel end but when we checked into the
lounge virgin have hooked us up and
actually giving us a massage the cruise
I think oh we actually don't know we're
guessing or just them it's like a spa
appointment before your flight
nice we actually found out that if
you're in New York right you can come to
the Shorty Awards how does it work when
we arrived in shorty words there's going
to be like a red carpet thing but
there's gonna be a whole area where you
guys anyone who wants it's open to the
public can come and meet us and a cool
if you guys can come and actually just
like so I'll actually know someone there
otherwise we'll be walking at carpet no
alone who we are do like I don't so
pretty here it's at the time Center 242
West 41st Street Empire your information
here we need to take we're heading to
the spa before we get on our plate
no idea were actually going for your
voting the recorder tip for like 15
minutes or something that how exciting
is this that like imagine getting like a
spot go for a spa treatment before you
get in the plane huh why didn't want I
didn't need a Facebook my neighborhood
ha
little tiny little compartments little
compartments some cool if it is I'm over
here
I love my neighbor majeski down the line
we Dupree Tarzan bring the terrorist
Stuart this guy here Ben Ward he is the
best crew member on the airport today is
that his stepdaughter I gave this
address in media we've never really cute
looks just like paw prints and stuff
like that anyway she said with you
charters on the youtubes there you go
Francesca is now going to try and turn
her chair into a vet
oh yeah what's that do
oh yeah all the way up all the way up
and then pull it again
where you keeping sorry ma'am you're
gonna have to move tonight
just leave Francesca to figure it out
yourself
as an al khali be ready her head might
go better city lights and shines so
brightly
when I'm coming on to you every night
when I'm drunk
all I think about
won't be long until I see you
and we're in New York always and it's
lovely and sunny it's nine o'clock at
night in England time look at this
sunlight
nice but it's not too hot out decisive
here we've eight seconds we're seven
seconds blue six
oh no we're not gonna make it so nice
this is like by far my favorite place we
went to last year
alright Francesca's on car journey just
take one
I do that's how it works so we come at
at an airport and until then we're all
like oh my goodness it's so hot we we've
dressed wrong and they were waiting
you're Berber and it's so cold oh my
goodness
it's like screaming so cold frozen oh my
goodness and I was concerned I had to
dress appropriately in terms of dressing
too hot now on board
testicles we're looking for righteous
we're looking for a five five see you
guys think my fancy anywhere he's coming
back
we thought you'd abandoned us for a fact
you're sick of D I know you could draw
away the crossroad okay change your plan
come to that happy place because we
couldn't find him
and it's too cold outside decided to go
into this giant queue here instead of
waiting
oh it's probably too tight now but it's
like the Mormon here oh my goodness so
we got a taxi and we couldn't fit in it
and then we lost our taxis and that is
our Texas somebody now
did it we got in a car I'll feel I'm the
taxi driver looking at the low-end
nothing we did it
you
Oh me New York
can you fire Broadway hey guys we're in
our hotel room I thought I'd show you
around because it's really nice it's
amazing where you can find that video so
this is like a little study I just not
this water I'm so hungry guys I need to
eat something but anyway it's like
midnight era time and little bathroom
just a mini one there's a shower in
there this is the dining room it seems
like how amazing is that
it's pretty good I'm just like in awe of
this right now like I just know and I'm
not even really like a view person like
I never really I'm not the kind of
person to like stop and take in the view
I know that sounds really bad but I'm
just never being like that but this is
amazing this is where I start missing
the kids because I know that they would
just be running around here and like oh
it's our bedroom some nice snack there
is me on the bathroom no shortage of
towels here's me again
so that's basically the room pretty darn
cool I would say view makes up for my
tiredness right now while we were in a
car and guess who's here Anika under
owned in the back yeah we were her
Highsmith here - good friend
he's driving when I was doing will they
drive with their mind here
where's David place we're going there to
Z we're gonna go back to Italy because
we're self-aligned are very people of
habit but we got no we went psycho we
are you're gonna I'm calling it now and
it's gonna be a seafood pasta you don't
know that Oh we'll see we'll see the
food and the pasta or in some song
everyone I might not get a dessert oh
we're here in our to Z excited
Anna what did you get tell everyone why
would you ever dinner I think black
squid is seafood I think see if I was
gonna get that it was you who was the
seafood past option it was what you got
the black to get the black spaghetti
like yeah I think I think we're gonna
have to call that ya know leaving
comments in below and we'll discuss it
we're gonna fall asleep it's clear it's
currently I don't know it's midnight in
New York which means on gets 5 a.m. in
London we're trying to figure out what
elevator to get I take my friends
goodbye friends oh yeah for this - my
friends - right we're getting this out
I need it so bad true
