we feel way sweet hello
nice to do one better than old one does
he
whoa we got Tigers oh no is it a tiger
in the line word oh no yeah yeah yeah
that one is Isaac it's your birthday
tomorrow right oh yeah the parody
birthday present by a Polish to salaphi
oh you promised to share with you we
answered Ward is getting a little bit
older a little more disinterested into
princesseleasha what he says he been
looking at a jungle hey Shippo Potamus
hippopotamus no oh
just no part of us Eduardo Potamus Tiger
attacking me Hey Iceland yeah you
remember that thing called school that
we're supposed to go to right about now
no it doesn't it funny how like yeah
yeah yeah if you're a boy after all huh
tomorrow is your turkey right out of the
flu a guy I'll another two before you
see my face are you
you're not like family until it's
actually a birthday my time telling it
it's rude to tell hey where you going
mrs. pisses why must you go around along
this way welcome I'm going to kick
around okay here's a larious yeah so we
won't be going to Peppa Pig world
tomorrow because it looks like um yeah
it looks like so many wireless friends
but these sakes not gonna be able to
make it tomorrow today a back-up plan is
to go to pet pig world Hey
you're a funny monkey you know that yeah
you're not a funny monkey it was nice to
meet you the pleasure was all mine
just don't go it's ridonkulous you like
you letter Friday
yeah visit friends it's a slippery slope
CS play if you follow me on Twitter you
will know that I had my 11 o'clock
coffee at half 10 which created a vacuum
so now today at a quarter past 10:00 I
was feeling the need for coffee so now
it is no no exactly half 10 and I have
made a coffee again I've broken myself
I'm never going to be able to get back
to D 11 o'clock boys also look at these
things and then the rest only I go with
my 11 Park I'd go with these little
fellas here for them I need your friends
coconut bliss fruit and nut middles
simply yawning apparently keen thought
omen sorry little balls of coconut
it's a strange aftertaste but initially
they're good I buy that for a dollar
why do have it is snack you haven't
didn't enjoy dough would you have it oh
that's sausages young stars ages it's
your last day is a one year old word oh
you're too tomorrow you don't ask the
terrible twos begin tomorrow so you
can't be terrible until tomorrow okay
you have to be a wonderful one-year-old
what will have a bullet sausage
on our heading somewhere tomorrow Peppa
Pig well tomorrow we're going to an
event I need to get my hair cut I think
it's running short redundant fibre it's
a good photo subscribe his channel he's
the best
okay all right look take this ad this
one we're going for we're gonna spell
Jolie this side of my head sort of
really good you liked Wonderbolts or
something I know what you wrote it okay
I'm back in the car I'm a few minutes
little be bit longer than I expected it
was going to be so now I'm a ton you
know that late to collecting Middleton
school
oh my goodness I'm a bad parent bad
parent calm with sick cuts all right
we're gonna love it and he chins I could
was again yl how many times did you get
to go to the playground today four times
thinking daddy was late so they moved
her eyes to the playground with all the
other kids
daddy has failed you I failed you as a
parent I was
let's check I was seven minutes late oh
did you get Amelia an outfit yeah I like
your hair oh thanks
yeah we got a tighter yeah can you get
the part of the milk yeah no I said we
go later to get her toys
Eduardo are on an adventure huh the
immediacy are you an immediate seat you
don't mind oh do no meat is the more
particular trials okay we are on a very
very important mission so as you guys
know it's it Wireless birthday tomorrow
we figured he could come down ha ha Wow
red crew we thought he could come down
and pick his own cars no not really but
if I brought Amelia you are too freaked
out that I'm leaving without her but I
can bring it wardo immediate it's really
mine so Chianti
this one here which one well this one
you want that one do you like that one
more yeah put your favorite one can
tomorrow bring this one for me pick it
up
is it heavy is it too heavy
yeah I got it down feel okay I have it
no just this one that's fine
come on now we have to get a card what's
outside in the car park come on let's go
Wow Melia likes baby toys come on let's
get our card it's a telephone Wendy's
here here Gordo
we have to pick a birthday card for
somebody special which is your favorite
birthday card here the minion one this
is the wrong number though we need a to
mop it Britney hit mini with a banana
oh wait seconds is that does that not
have an age English
oh no this just has an awesome time here
birthday
oh there's loads of them establish you
have a card for myself Alana but we just
get trying to take a card from Amelia
good why don't we can use your favorite
pick one give me one back you don't want
this one is water like the most
you're like the minion one hold on
that's your card from Vidya
laughs these now yeah our local scanners
stand this one
and here's wardo we're coming man here
you got a fine but I'm Amelia Amelia
gonna mediate eat your doggie why is
being out here bud huh why is being
outside and nobody else is mm-hmm it's
just Bianca what you doing out here
hello doggy friends pick them
putted water to bed for the last time as
a one-year-old this is it folks last
time very easy to play it again your
press the middle wonderful oh oh oh come
on maybe maybe I'll get it as materials
press it again wardo good go you got it
good wine is a big Taylor fine Saul
around us it's where we begun this is
the fella I came down for check it out
Jabbar is a car he loves to taking
whether to make it now or make it in the
morning I know things that I'm saying
making any morning because I'm being
lazy but I'm just thinking that um you
know when your birthday it's really cool
to wake up in your birthday and actually
make things I think the suspense of
actually making it tomorrow will be more
will just like you more fun for him you
know running and waking up with I don't
know I think it upstairs and have a look
at it it's a five minute job oh I'm just
doing now myself but if it's something
that's like complicated
maybe I'll just about just do it in the
morning instead hello friends to come in
I see knees this thing is so cool like
in this styrofoam you get free styrofoam
okay these are the wheels that all have
to do it's just like attach the wheels
oh wait this looks more complicated
I have to build the entire like I have
to build the entire like gear system and
everything it's so cool yes I got this
for me not wash oh I don't know what
you're talking about
this is the part I'm not as excited
about how much faster I'm not a mechanic
I'm not an engineer this is a lot more
complicated and I thought think about
instructions on these sort of things
they always make it seem so like it's
just it's just a five step it's just the
five step plan well that's it five steps
boom boom boom and boom that's it just a
five step plan last well what's the
problem it's it's simple its four simple
people literally 1 2 & 3 are basically
just laying at the parts essentially is
just four but this one step number four
gah need the instructions we've made an
executive decision that we're doing it
tomorrow
yeah oh you already put it back in so
you can wrap it when you didn't rapping
when strapping happening oh I've got all
these presents wraps mister took me so
long to wrap it all yeah look at this
one here it was an accident
he's not gonna know what is it you're
not gonna I didn't I just saw something
are you something not really nice and I
just came I know I'm sorry it was an
accident
oh I didn't mean to do that I was just I
washed the cake we're on it all right
the cake there as well look Prince
Eduardo that's so cool that when he
comes in in the morning look at a
selection like hola paper yeah it is
actually called Olaf paper I know the
packaging it even says like Olaf like
wrapping paper like yeah I don't see any
Oh laughs there is no Olaf's I don't
even said to the team members like it
does contain all ass they're having a
laugh Oh like contains nuts
oh good morning making day know what
house this is like when in here allergy
warning you have other energies to
olaf's no no I kind of bought in his
channel who school no one's name one
what Eddie and bug in hysterical
oh of course that's the fungus they tell
you not to devote
when I went to me with the book my
friends I'll see tomorrow for Eduardo's
birthday literally tomorrow in like five
minutes
I see in five minutes hello morning
now some to go F
