good morning a friends listen to me now
I had planned on making a story time
video today explain to you in a moment
you're not getting today when I was
reviewing the footage Anna was just I
think she was just making like a clip or
whatever and she was just talking away
to you guys I think what she said was
like so inspirational and so important
that I didn't want her like the little
her message or diminish her message or
have to edit it down to make it fit into
this video with the story time video
that I wanted to tell so I have decided
to postpone my story time video till
tomorrow it's a pretty cool little story
time it's something I've been thinking
about lately and it's something I wanted
to talk to you guys about kind of
impacting the 2018 vlogs and everything
that we're gonna be doing this year I
wanted to let you in on something
okay what's gonna be today but it's
gonna be tomorrow because I think the
message that Anna is going to say today
is very important and inspirational and
I applaud her and I was also very very
busy making the story in her video so
I'm not really in this vlog but maybe
maybe that's a good thing anyway enjoy
this video friends roll tape and I'll
see you guys tomorrow
it's a horrible rainy morning alright we
made the school but we're gonna have to
run like the wind
yeah what if I take this out give me oh
we could guys but it is rainy as rain Oh
sisters are a no-stress out there oh
geez oh gee oh no oh no guys we have a
small problem
okay now we have an appropriate amount
of space and as if by magic O's I am
homie Oh
check out my umbrella I had guys
leopard-print hot pink leopard print
lads let's say you know you know you're
a dad on the go is she going with duffle
oh can you believe I've kept up my
rhyming on Twitter just tweet Nana go no
never kept something up for oh yeah
eight years I have been uploading videos
to YouTube that's pretty good that's
pretty good going yeah and I'm gonna be
bad news resolutions because I've been
watching like people on YouTube and just
like not even specifically people but
have you don't have you slipped off your
new year's resolutions yeah and like I
bet you have and this is him to get
motivated again and blah blah this was
the first year like not ever because I
obviously didn't make them as a child
but like probably as an adult that I
didn't make any new year's resolutions
and it's so freeing like I can't tell
you how freeing it is even if it's not
anything to do with diet or exercise or
anything that's not what I'm talking
about it like since we're covering from
an eating disorder it's just like that
kind of stuff is so triggering so like I
would never do that anyway
have done in the past like every year
was like lose weight even though I
didn't need to lose any weight but it
would be like lose weight and get
healthy and all this it's rubbish like
fine if you're overweight and you you
know you really your doctor is telling
you that you need to lose weight and
stuff like that's a different story but
like the majority of us like girls don't
need to change ourselves at all and it's
all in our heads because I would make
resolutions to like clean the house more
be more organized or this and not
whatever and it just makes you end up
feeling crap about yourself when you
don't do them like there's nothing wrong
with setting goals feel like that can
sometimes like being my downfall I
encourage you to just like not make any
goals like bison that sounds terrible
but like don't make any resolution you
Lucian's discover how freeing it is to
just be you and be okay with like being
imperfect my house is not clean all the
time my bed's not made over there
yeah there's things that I want to do
like there's something I want to do
which is to sort at the kids dress up
costumes because they're just there's
like a pile in the living room which is
just ridiculous that's fine like that
kind of stuff is fine but I feel like if
you just put like so much emphasis on
like changing yourself and like doing
all these things that you have to do to
make yourself a better person it's just
like depressing like you don't celebrate
you end up not celebrating your wins and
celebrating like who you are now as a
person which i think is so important
like there's so many things I used to
think that I had to change all of these
things about myself when actually how do
I just been happy with myself in the
beginning I wouldn't have had to change
anything at all like sometimes I think
we need to look at ourselves and realize
there's nothing wrong with us we don't
need to change you know there's things
that I want to accomplish those things I
want to do but I'm I refuse to put all
of this stuff on myself it's getting you
down if it's not getting you down and
it's working for you then that's fine
but it wasn't working for me ever in the
past like ever it would just make me
feel guilty about things and make me
feel like a failure if I didn't keep up
with them and like that's not making it
that's not doing anyone any favors like
that's my little rant there for the day
I just really wanted to share it cuz I
was just being it's been something
that's like on my mind for ages um and
it's just like something that's current
so I don't know take it or leave it you
don't have to take my advice obviously
but I know if I were out there watching
me right now I would be like oh my god
that's like just what I needed to hear
you know what I mean don't fall don't
fall it's somebody it's so muddy and
squishy
now it's gonna be super slippy and muddy
super slippy and muddy squashy super
squishy slippery muddy classic Jonathan
four miles to go of fuel I'm never gonna
learn my lesson oh because I keep making
it now chicken supreme is the dream Oh
magic door they say one day when I live
in the house with only one plasters
maybe a basement fine but like these two
slights slights these two flights are
too much for me okay
we need to just get serious about this
and have a one flight of stairs rule in
our next test she didn't like her
pudding though it was Kiwi and like some
tropical fruit she didn't like it I feel
you look at you she always I think if
I'm not mistaken there they were from
Paul and Jason because they're from the
Disney shop so pretty sure they're from
Poland Jason oh my god you look so cute
I love your outfit
waiting at the school to pick up adword
oh he's got dancing today so he gets
picked up a little bit later from school
but he really enjoys it actually he gets
to do it's I mean it's technically
ballet I think but they call it dancing
because both the boys and girls like to
do it at this age next year they call it
like ballet and then it's pretty much
it's all girls who do it next year I
mean boys can do it if they want to but
you know what I mean like the boys don't
mind doing the ballet if they call it
down and things I think that's why they
do it anyway
if Marta wouldn't care either way he was
too funny want to do it even if it were
about a butt
he really likes it cuz he gets a media's
ballet teacher so it's just really cute
you disabling my iPhone are you bringing
somebody are you please drunk okay
iPhone is the safest I'm wearing this
jumper by the way guys from scamp and
dude it's like this really cool clothing
company that was creating a story is
really really like I feel like I'm gonna
mess it up now because I don't know
exactly the details but um basically the
woman that set it up is a mom I think of
too could be wrong I think she's got two
kids if I'm wrong maybe she's got three
but um she had to go and have a really
serious really scary life-threatening
brain surgery and she had to leave her I
think it was two kids behind for that
which I can't even imagine what that's
like
um and she wanted to create something
that would make them feel safe while she
was gone so like you know basically some
kids have like a favorite toy or like it
could be like like I jumper or an item
of clothing like it doesn't really
matter or like a blanket or something
like that and so she created this line
to kind of like inspired by that and the
whole thing is like a superhero has your
back and it's really moving like the
whole idea behind it and everything and
she's absolutely fine now by the way um
but you know there's so many things that
happen either like your kid has to go
into hospital or sometimes or you have
to go away on like business like you
have to travel for your work or
something and you want them to have
something that like reminds them of you
or like makes them feel more comfortable
and that's what this is about so I
really support her brand like I just
love the whole like inspiration behind
it find it really hard to talk about
because like I just those kinds of like
as a mom you like you just can't even
think about those kinds of things
without getting upset honestly so and
but I really do I the thing is aside
from all of that her stuff is really
cool and like I love this color this is
I think the coral jumper but the insight
of the jumpers are really really soft
and they just kind of get softer look um
this is not an ad look I'm not being
paid to say this but like the insight
gets softer with every wash and I've got
a baby growth that I got from Caroline
hyerin's
because it's her friend who set up this
camp and dude and Caroline got Alessia
baby grow at Christmastime and it looks
like this but it's in a mint color and I
swear every time we wash it it gets
softer that's one of her favorite baby
grows because I don't have to put a vest
underneath because it's so soft did you
have a good day today yes and Amelia got
a matching one of these which is so cute
dude so check the website out um they
have some just really really lovely
things for adults and for babies and
toddlers and like you can match with
your kids and like I think that's really
cute so she keeps trying to crawl like
she'll flip over and up all the time
when I put her down on the floor flip
over and like just try and move from one
place together she's doing the backwards
crawl now not right now but like in
general I just don't know how you're so
cute well I do actually because you come
from me
oh just kidding there's a bit of your
dad and no to today oh my god so Nevaeh
stayed home from school it was a school
Nevaeh stayed home from daycare today
because she was she had some diarrhea so
I need to keep an eye on her and
basically stop eating the cable that's
dangerous there my headphones basically
alas she was having her lunch and she
was in her high chair and I was like
where's the talkie and she looked down
straight at like she understood exactly
what I said how cool is that I mean I
know she can understand me but like this
is cool when you get that reaction Hey
Oh Edward Jonathan Sakura Jonny
what kind of roses are you wearing miss
turns because because that's cool right
I know she is backwards though hello
didn't even see you it might be from
Amelia's part age member no there was
loads at her birthday party do I get a
cuddle I didn't get one yet are you
tired
here I think you gave me one low didn't
you were done
