this morning Eduardo it's Monday morning
why though oh it's breakfast time for
you having breakfast what mommy's
preparing something droplet jungle
cereal how was your sleep wardo how did
you sleep Bardo did you have a nice
sleep are you a monkey back there are
you a parrot back there
that is amazing at the table
yum yum yum chocolate breakfast on the
Monday morning
here's Anna's magical tea what is it
again pepper a.m. tweeted about it as
well what are you Wednesday ah sure yeah
or there's a detox tea or something no
it's just a lemon d 11 t is it kind of
the same idea of having the hot water
and lemon in the morning oh yeah I can't
do that oh we should have a couple hot
lemon in the morning and do it can't be
done what can I have in the morning I
have orange juice
this is the sight to behold on the
Monday morning when the attacker runs
woman there's not let's rock she's
nothing oh she cotton she's nothing
she's not good medicine
I haven't yet avocado this morning
seriously I'm not ready for that I like
to say what's a long I know what it's
actually really cool when you genius I
know
No today today today we'll just do the
party
rely what a Liberty tomorrow Rose
changes no I know maybe maybe tomorrow
I'll just feel like today I wasn't ready
for it it's a Monday well I'll just make
it for you
and then you can decide which one you
want to take you which of these is the
package already in their vault
well you've got the fruit you've got the
yogurt and I don't want to need to stick
Manola so like it's a coconut yogurt I'm
gonna destroy the whole this thing
you're mixing together sorry
I'll put this back there
oh no got no car seat yeah that was you
think oh you got a little thing for
drinks and everything yeah for snacks
yeah so hold on a second
she's all thinking oh yeah this is cool
I can make this work but I need a car
city I want will be cool be so much
tinier he did not actually need anymore
watch you guys she does ah oh boy are we
ready for that oh my goodness
are you ready for the school pooh-coo
pooh-coo pooh-coo just the poo poos a
what whoa this is on fire when you watch
the vlog tomorrow it'll be on fire
I have the Mondays and sat down
and then I decided who what does grow I
don't anything funky bar if it's okay
with you hello bounty
Lucy's here to punish us on a Monday
morning I feel on Mondays but guess
whose birthday it is today she's acting
very funny like summer little movements
and stuff Brenda then the pool area
she's determined to have her puppies on
a pink carpet start tail away and she's
like okay okay Xena
came out guys the big concerns and it
took three to three
you know so mondays you just not I'm
ruined today I'm so tired I have the
will to win friends Oh couldn't login I
don't have to wheel the wheel anymore
alright I'm in like you back here Amelia
is this what it's like to be the baby
alright take us home with media cool
I've never said in there like it is in
the car oh you ladies thank you for
driving us home by the way really
appreciate that you did keep stopping
the car at the traffic lights and stuff
Amelia drove at home today guys it's
amazing soon she builds the drivers help
the preschool
no no get home bomb inside get inside
now Kevin's right now come on come on
this way hello mr. Eduardo why don't why
don't you control your sister please no
thank you very much like a lady put it
studies learners then why don't want
that a brunch
what we're supposed to say no I mean
yeah he's funny when even though is it
yes is sometimes
whoa whoa what is this aqua beads aqua
beads like ass good luck god bless god
bless
good luck goodbye hello dear how's it
going how are you doing it's it's pause
for a moment and let's discuss your
feelings are you feeling okay do you
need a hug give me hook come on come on
oh damn witch but you feel what's better
now
yeah sometimes a hug is just what you
need tomorrow you guys know Paul my
friend of mine supercars in London here
on YouTube he got a new car drummer he's
as bad as me when he bought that
Lamborghini
I ran the same times that I bought this
supercharger and when he got rid of the
Lamborghini and he's now bought himself
another a car I don't want to stay I
don't wanna tell you guys what it is
I'll show you guys tomorrow show you his
new car tomorrow it's pretty cool if
you're interested in cars swing on by
tomorrow on his friend Sam who has an
f-type jag which is pretty cool he's
coming down to we're gonna burn it
rented the garden and everything's gonna
be mad it's gonna be mad lads but now I
must wander on inside and bake a cake
for some pop cakes making pump cakes for
the puppies because it's their birthday
hello everybody I tell you guys this yet
this is April this is Miss only missing
Africa in case you guys don't have a
calendar
you want to play some funky birthday
cake are you guys gonna sing happy
birthday to doggies yeah exactly no way
we do this every year okay okay okay
okay
okay Susie we got some beepers we got
some beepers and creepers
careful guys okay oh my you want to see
five minutes guys
we're gonna get some candles I'm gonna
sing happy birthday to the doggies okay
yeah your birthday cake is ready what
Amelia put up on the way he owes one
okay we have new V's is yellow we need a
pink one here's a pink coremedia
Nevaeh yep and then who will left Bianca
we need a red one Dankers one is special
you can try what if you want because we
only need four of them you know to which
you want to try it because you don't
like it just try it a little bit healthy
for you look they can smell it they know
it's the pupcake sleds
I guess it's pop pop and cake cakes I
didn't realize immediate was raised with
a band of puppies by the way there's
nothing you hear that no there's no
doubt food in them
what is it carrots carrots peanut butter
honey peanut butter a flower like
wholemeal flour yeah it's like a healthy
game that is they actually love it they
love the pop cakes who if you want to
put in you have to say the name and then
you take the candle who you want yeah
it's Bianca's one put it inherent
pupcake
you can do whatever one you want okay
now who's next
Nevaeh turn it in who you do martyr you
do movies oh you just put it in word oh
okay laughs yeah the other one good job
all right should be like no we got to
light the candles to you happy birthday
to you happy birthday dear happy
birthday to you
oh geez
based on every page of every play
