ah
we feel way
oh here I go here I go like fools
bringing our bed last night like hello
there are we ready very good you all
ready to go no does the grass and they
will be happy they will be happy so
you'll be happy too don't you oh yeah
it's got a really poor TLS office for
you - thank you you're very considerate
of my needs
oh and we don't left up doggies
you know or pinky virus yeah it is
concerned if we moved I will leave
behind are you ready for them yes you
clapping clapping clapping slap can you
do the clapping sir you only jumping
softly oh I'm out here - Wow okay
friends no jokes
but I literally drop the media to school
sat down in the computer started editing
and now I have to go and collect the
media that was a monster a monster of an
edit today yesterday it's just so
interesting to see how had a jewelry is
made and who sold I don't know
a lot of thousands of them and every
single one of them have been handcrafted
and you know the second thing we were at
the first woman who was more of an
industrial factory it was still
handcrafted with the methyl ins of but
we went to the second part and it was
basically just like a home like a family
in their home the Goldsmith's and they
just basically every individual saying
that over Christmas when I think like
thousands and thousands of orders came
through and they were like oh my
goodness how are you gonna get these
done and they got their friends and
their families and their cousins and
just everywhere it was like 20 or 30
people in that
no room making the jewelry what's cool
is that I love the fact that we're
supporting like a small local business
it's not some massive factory somewhere
where these diese these medallions are
just being just like we mass-produced
like every single one of them you know
it's so personal maybe weren't 100% sure
what kind of a level have we achieved at
all and that's what you really wanted to
fly over there and actually see are we
asking some questions yeah okay so do
you want to ask daddy to questions or
should I - yes okay is there weather is
so counted the best they got so crap
what hey the winner gets chocalate yeah
oh boy
you have any chocolate in here buying
this is Little Miss chocolate sniffer
over here okay so you ask the first
question
daddy yes yes what your favorite house
what's my favorite color but I know the
answer to that you have to ask me what
Amelia's favorite color is helping and
no no no no I have the answer you don't
get this game very well do you
Amelia has turned into a baby rock-a-bye
baby on the treetop when knowin blow
rock anyway Anna is off getting her
nails done
he already got her nails done do you
wanna shower friends your nails what are
you trying to get show me your nails
come here girl issues girl hello hey
hello Amelia is here to let me defend an
easter egg or her attention has been
lost this is the longest edit in my life
but it's worth it for you to enjoy I
hope you enjoyed it
good morning again there's a friend she
knows Danny you know I was thinking in
that he's office huh you know who it is
look I found your brother oh he's coming
to play why no may I present you with
the parent to but that's the way you
gotta do you got work to do
and you got two little munchkins you get
back on that iPad you watch those
cartoons you hear me you want every
single cartoon on YouTube already oh no
oh no no we're a situation oh no oh no
oh yeah they'll get them sad yeah yeah
are you all ready for Sunday are you
ready Janka you're the main attraction
here okay you know I beat them all at
the problem they need my competition
it's like it's dorky as question Center
on Sunday attend turkey yeah no way
everyone's gonna be a winner I'm just
gonna cry yeah Anna's gonna cry maybe
you can be the tough one yeah I'll be
the Simon Cowell frankly no that is not
a way cancels
my goodness Amelia Thomasina that corny
Rolly we're in the middle why don't the
winner water hose
congratulations you can be winner one
you can you can be winner - yeah 184
reckon I beat daddy to be winner number
two you jump it for a second I tell you
ain't still fit into the bath this is a
public service
hello friends welcome to okay happy and
happy all right
well
