hello friends
is it possible to be jet-lagged from
time change and having bagels and so I
feel I feel so is right now it's like
what it's gonna bed seven but that's now
six different six my body
everybody haven't adjusted yet it's like
I understand today like sizing or
British summer time a standard time
wherever it is now wow my body but it
says no oh the choices in life peanut
butter ice cream cheese and it's a
strike it's a life and we're supposed to
be in Berlin today but we decided to
push that on and knock you to burn
anything and going straight to Stuttgart
tomorrow morning we're gonna go to
Stuttgart not exciting
can you say immediate can you say good
and talk they couldn't talk with more in
front
well I don't see why I said no tomorrow
say 99% kinda do you think 9 thank you
son what are you saying what do you say
you know your party's in September
Eduardo's birthday is next week yeah
what is gonna be 2 next week yeah you
gonna be too white oh yeah good there is
some bad people in this world in media
you got to protect your little brother
sometimes your little brother will have
to protect you he might why does gonna
grow up and be big and strong like daddy
yeah yeah and you're gonna grow up big
and strong like mummy oh yeah well
you're quite strong you are actually I
can't contest to that actually you're
quite a player song are you muscley have
you got muscles you got cheek muscles
nice cheap muscles do you work your
cheek says put your exercise plan did
you like smiles
ya know what what's your plan much
better plan a fun workout is more fun
isn't it yeah and I need to get one Papa
you do sorry
bad bad bad boys are bad exactly why
don't why doesn't race get scared
yeah he does sometimes he's only a
little boy yeah mm-hmm well he is a big
sister like userid after him and he has
a mommy and a daddy to look after him
and he's got six doggies so fast again
wait where did that little boy kill him
well now did I kind of do you tell me
yeah and I'll take care of it is it a
deal did I call you again yeah exactly
it's a double deal punch it boom double
deal I'll be ready for the school run
not the school run what kind of a run
you're gonna have fun in school today
you have to miss all your friends ya
know and the school was on today folks
phew as I was go to the door I was
thinking oh my goodness what if it's not
on it was on it was great there was like
I gave up here on Friday I didn't know
and they're like oh you're not the only
parent I was like thank you hello doggy
friends friend of doggies my mouse is
deaf my trackpad is dead what am I
supposed to do what am I supposed to do
I'm charging a clarity but I guess I
just have to wait
I suppose I could do a workout while I
wear
it's just that's it folks that's all I
have to do if you want to church in
Memphis you just got to go and charge
yourself so Eduardo's having to do
library are you going to get some books
Oh porky you gonna get you're gonna get
a pirate book mom now are you going to
get a daddy people are you going to get
a mermaid book you know we caught you
saying yes to you today this lad does
say yes sometimes all right look could
you see the back of my neck this has
everything
when Eduardo gives you a coat he like I
remember you can see this but he in his
hands he just kind of like ropes the
back of your neck Oh get it get it get
it get it get it get it get it get it
Hey look Eduardo's at present his
Christmas presents birthday present has
arrived but one of these old fashioned
thingies I can't wait for a meeting a
dryer to fight over it as well that's it
it's so much fun is it on the schooner I
don't know which part three minutes
there is though if you get banned there
is to get banished anyway crappies and
editing that's my lifeline
where are those presents I reckon hello
friends
you get in okay so he's driving when the
buzzer goes off it's like it's black
ting immediately at time and I'm like
wearing a coat I'm not wearing a hat I'm
not wearing a scarf
I'm not wearing gloves um stop
Jonathan Jonathan don't do it you know
what's gonna happen
sorry sorry sorry all right
sorry have a check and see good job
please right got it got it got it pull
it hello no try and dry out some of the
water situations
what's a chumpy now are you sure you
want to go to a different country on
April Fool's with me it is that's what
they want you to think the kids been to
the library not loads of books doesn't
that remind you of like library time
when you got your little stamps so cute
ohh brings me back
see the sunlight
hello mr. delicious mr. nutritious and
delicious how are you doing out of the
God became this question battle over
here so Melia is out on the streets
she died in his feet glad to get into
town she's off doing air arms so it's
just myself and mr. Eduardo delicious
here and then we're just chillin chillin
like just an old pair of villains are we
a pair of diamonds mister you're me no
you wanna give out we escaped the
clutches over the cot man she knows
groans we still slept in cars
imagine Eduardo mummy daddy slept in a
cot would you come and in the morning
get me out of my pot would you oh did
you love me
hello for bread is it a sliced pan or is
it no loaf huh
she said don't you dare come
being extremely venture stats we're
going to build we have to get up
tomorrow morning at like 4 o'clock or 5
o'clock or something so we didn't really
want to know for situation oh my
goodness we have eaten ourselves into a
crazy situation that was so much food
like oh my goodness would you enjoy the
food situations yes thankfully oh we
have to have we had everything that they
should call this restaurant pose damn
bills sorry someone came along in a
dollar fear I had a fish finger sandwich
pie situation there's no pie but I feel
like a fish finger sandwich I was like
as it amazing we need a fish finger
sandwich that they didn't I got like a
chicken burger and sweet potato fries
and then like foolish individuals I
decided to order some donuts to dip in
my chocolate and I know ordered some
donuts this in my chocolate I actually
like them with a chocolate and this one
came with strawberries no basically five
you're like oh you want one - arrows
like we look like the kind of people
that share pudding I don't share my food
like I chose I chose the right day to
stop wait last time was in this car we
talked about Nutella bomber make it even
colder little ice cubes and put open
right we have to catch a flight in like
six hours
no so we must go home friends but I will
see you tomorrow
there anything interesting to say to
wrap this video up having your food baby
I think it might be twins
Goodson Quincy Quincy Quincy slims
I love Irish out goodnight
