that was pretty app oh my goodness the
whole breaks is coming down how's the
media today if the cheesy Tuesday Ladd's
gonna cheesy Tuesday you playing grace
right over here making the pies garage
good morning wifey our life is full of
strife II don't be snobby Nene pinched
what best friend
Oh you ever whenever we hug the kids
they're very upset and they need to be
involved in Zen hugs we don't get upset
they're just jealous I don't know if
this is actually a thing right but I've
been this isn't here normally out right
which is the counter Laura see page one
but then that one right out so I start
eating this one the detox honestly
fennel and karma Don
this one here since the everything
starts up using I want to have like the
most insane lucid dreams I don't know if
it's possible but you can affect your
your state like a head let me know you
know all right friends we have some news
zena's don't live in heaven
that's amazing this Sunday we are
judging a dog show for edit pause we're
gonna officially dot we gonna get a
buzzer but it's open to the public if
you guys want to come down at endorphin
right that's right it's looking
Equestrian Center this Sunday this
Sunday it opens at 10:30 you guys are
gonna start judging at 12:00 so you
would need two entries in a thing all
the dogs are well I never wanna bring a
dog it's not like cross it's not like
super strict right we're raising money
for two amazing charities and and yes
but we the best Enterprise is a week's
holiday literally you get to mind our
dogs per week and wouldn't it kind of
gets all the cutest dog and our dogs
because we're judging so it's not fair
it's on my website it's romantical
Facebook page yeah come on down if you
want and bring a dog and then turn my
count he's good
who's gonna win Amelia which is which
doggies gonna win what's daddy's gonna
win bye guys funnier walkies
all right we are at zooming hopefully
the splash boys aren't incident splash
boys probably aren't here today all
right we are proud parents sitting on
the banks watching
of the smell of chlorine viewpoints many
times I love it there reminds me of my
youth she get a certificate Wow I saw
you always able to watch you see me
hello friends from Eduardo oh no oh no
oh no tougher that are supposed to go
Berlin tomorrow but we're not going
because we were dance forced to fly to
Berlin we had a meeting a meeting plans
in Berlin and then we were gonna stay
overnight get up the next morning grab a
flight to Stuttgart and then go
somewhere else and suck art and then
come home so we've decided to scratch
Berlin and we're gonna move everything
to Stuttgart instead so a little stuck
on Thursday couldn't talk of mine point
Eduardo de commerce film best songs on
current hospita 9 manga cameraman no
she's not look at him he's wearing a
pair of lederhosen for the for the
occasion
ok he's not wearing lederhosen but they
look like dator hoes alright one
teeny-tiny look a teeny tiny one that
doesn't look tiny tiny incy wincy whiney
sit here ok this one
sure
oh right oh right oh there he is
a name right oh hey Nate mummy pig daddy
big night George
ninety-nine Peppa pig's George like why
I'm transferring the thingy
the thing is listening hit the button
open again it wouldn't open
she was just 9 years ago I'll just leave
now did you know
okay so this has happened now already
how safe is that you wrecking guys hey
guys why is there a carbon monoxide
alarm here that's my questions oh no oh
no hey guys how do you guys feel about
some cartoon situations oh my goodness
stay in here two minutes two minutes and
everyone in the kitchen what and it
terrified me on snapchat and I have to
get you back I could have fallen and
broken my life hey Bill did something
sticker Oh Morty pervert stickers Rosen
stickers okay guys well that's wonderful
can't wait to deal with that later on
you guys watch your what are you
watching
solicited speaker a certified bubble
blower hybrids all gone
we just had some did mins and it was
amazing don't train you always give it
away
that's Eduardo's thing it's like when
he's finished that's to be off the table
that's to be gone
he's like tasty bygone finish finish
someone has to take it I see over there
putting your key him he at school
tomorrow you haven't been in school is
last Monday Wow Jemima name and
Valentina his Toby coming tomorrow yeah
yeah big Coby thank you know is it open
doors
oh jeez wardo oh no I know it's rain and
you know the raining song guys it's rain
rain
okie-dokie do furs I'm here to collect
some children with this child here no I
believe it is this child over here is it
this child here this is the child maker
this is the product that's my job okay
mr. delicious
mr. delicious I'm sorry to inform you
it's time you can't even understand it
only okay pasta all that hassle your
room that's not your room and Turner
intruder and true delicious you've all
gone through the wrong places
Lucy honey where you going oh where is
Amelia Amelia appears to be missing nice
doesn't even know where Nina is
Tomasino wake Oh
oh that looks nice slice bit of contact
there bit of MMA huh it's a full contact
sport I feel like I'm putting you guys
to bed at like the middle of the day or
something does it feel like the middle
of the day it's snowing whoa
he's white I'm gonna do it the right I'm
gonna do it keeps you up in a step right
oh yeah oh sorry can't jump in the chair
weirdo whoa big jump right out
Oh jump and roll I like it oh nice nice
and poof
was that funny all right mr. and mrs.
hilarious ities it is time to go to bed
or to be rackin national hug what what
do you mean oh yeah it turns into a
little baby when she wants to get her
own way huh more and more I mean no no
Nene's no no Nene don't take are you
it's not a Jerry Jerry anything goes
wrong it's very nice alright one roll
yourself editor run roll yourself out of
here
