you're having a watch a picnic under the
table so today there's no school
there's no skiing today we're having a
picnic playing huh is that what you do
in on school days ed why do you have so
much to do here you've got to put all
this stuff away hey is this e coming for
ya the new hat for Amenia see this is
mommy's water and daddy's water that's
my different water
let's go operates nice can't really take
you Sofia
oh can you sit here look at your
soldiers cool
you got a well yeah it can be frozen
soldiers oh and today I know there is no
school on so what do you mean such a
hard time with my dad on Friday you know
what I said like oh it's like half the
people in Amelia's class are
non-christians you mean a couple of her
teachers are non-christians as well like
that's my assumption Jeremy like I'm
Irish
I'm a Catholic I was raised in a
Catholic country that was predominantly
Catholic people in my school so
obviously that's waiting it Emilia is my
first child I've never done preschool
before like I don't know anything about
it
I watched Darren Wednesday and I and I
called them before I left
how could you not know that I'm like
I've never had a three-year-old before
they went to preschool I'm learning as I
go lads when the mic
the dead so quick make sure your abs are
like they were left arm brace if you
think this is a game then the world make
it harder
so we've convinced Lucy to do all April
this is gonna vlog in her channel we're
going to do we're gonna meet the cats
we're gonna see how many cupcakes okay
so this is channel I'll leave a link
down below for minute working for
minutes every day yeah so I've already
filmed them all of Easter I filmed 26
different my past 26 videos over the
weekend well we rock these rays thank
you that home every evening and I want
to show everyone having so much yoni
Jolie's and then when you're finished
and then get fit and then get rid of
training yeah exactly four minutes and
then your cupcake it's a process
oh no you cooking while watching snow yo
knees yeah Jerris is proper wet
everywhere so this girl Katie comes into
our garden floods the garden Christ
knocked over two trees beside you right
that yeah what you think you going over
here didn't blow up it's not gonna stop
us we are back this morning
comedians - Eduardo so fun so did you
have fun in Eduardo swimming class
yeah did you put your head under the
water didn't what did you watch it why
are you his gum in class all you're
allowed oh you aren't as over these you
go in the side pool with a wave of so we
go under the wipe off did you go
anywhere no you did a big jump daddy no
no grown-ups necessary for Amelia ready
goroh free bike are you doing a width of
step ok ok sure Amelia if this is a good
idea or not
come on like a baby oh my little baby of
media the part is my favorite little
baby boy yeah you can do my favorite
little baby girl
the toilets outside whether it's a
church right there yeah
hi-yah
where's the treasure hi-yah if the
chance for hiding it's done it's hiding
in the stones yeah okay do you have any
more instructions for me oh thank you
what is monsters no I have to look where
I'm going yeah with the treasure map
and when I find the treasure what did I
do it is creep when it died wait are you
telling me there's dinosaurs here yeah
okay I will tiptoe wanna see dinosaurs I
love their imagination
my
crap
like you just so it's 70 million hours
later silastic that was created for you
and I was in bed we but we've just an
hour shopping for guardo's birthday
presents I'm very excited we wanted this
little car we're really excited about it
it's like a vintage car thing isn't it
yeah I'm sorry
Jackie said she was a piece of bread no
I said in my video
oh your video kids are having a dinner
right now who knows what they're doing
right at it could be just destroying the
house you know it's not it's like
high-five well it seems like only
yesterday was half or I just bought my
frozen Olaf tumbler ball and plates that
multicolored by Disney Wow because it
was like would you like to share that
would you like to print this down and
post this to a friend would you like the
same finest box nursery email be like I
just purchased this spear Mike Oh laughs
like okay just thought you might want to
know does not know
this is my current back rd situation
right now Vince I think that's a buoy
you know for markers for the boats they
know what yeah we decide to to drive on
this is who I've come looking for
himself now now mr. LOV cocks huh how's
it going
you want to come inside maybe what do
you think I'll be you need to carry you
in
oh poor little Albie he doesn't like to
get his feet wet when he's inside and
walks and it's very flooded at here
supportin I'll be get stuck man he gets
obsessed o facing vegara the little
fella to fellowship all mud and mushy my
lads oh my goodness
Katie Katie hurricane kg or ever the
hell it was she's made a second mess of
a burden in my life I was assaulted Oh
could you just go five seconds without
attacking me Suzy sheep Rebecca rabbit
Danny dog
Pedro pony up all the means no George
says you either loves joy shall I go and
run the back side what do we think
anyone interested in a bad situation
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
dee why keep me watching Peppa Pig since
she's free there for about three years
now they haven't made a new episode in
years let's you know every episode I
know the transcripts of every single
dialogue word and sentence script
everything I am a Peppa Pig expert it
will help you cannot be or something
from the frigerator
oh my goodness friends it's almost over
Edouard is not a fan of the Moxie Colin
Moxie filling Dylan Moxie salad is a
Moxie filler sugar-free contains anyway
it is nearly over last ones Night Lights
I feel like a teacher doing a science
experiment but hopefully now let me
finish this oh oh no I didn't lose many
all ere I got but hopefully when we
finish this now but this will be the end
of it and it is actually because he has
a cold which is the other explanation is
that it only seems to be a problem when
he had a cold not so much the air
problem hopefully if he's lucky because
he really loves lemon and the two of
them really loves to learn and I love
when we go away somewhere there's this
cooler features I'm done I really wanted
two of them to be good little swimmers
and just try to get the air bubble oh
okay so I got what's that that's two
point five minutes five about I got a
half a little half a thing in you know
that's not too bad that's it we're done
and hopefully that means we are done
with everything the sickness its needing
the evening tomorrow supposed to be
advanced me but he is not
we are messin em playin sweets we have a
friend that is that a pony
WoW is that a princess oh is that a
mermaid
what yes Oh more is it every name is
alright oh jeez I think the lights are
moving the lights are moving window did
you have fun today
oh you wanna go swimming today yeah you
wanna go swimming where the meat was
immediate in your swimming class was it
fun oh did you teaching me to add this
him
no no he is wide open to be a mermaid he
goes up
yeah my friends thanks for watching the
video presentation situation I need to
sort this into my nose he sees me swing
me son hold on he's got your mom okay I
don't judge him his decisions in life
but that's alright because I don't mind
you know
facing each other like it's mostly come
see the dead soul quick
