Oh
it's been getting colder every day
it's been love
and maybe way
for you to come back what a few
in
good Sunday morning to you unless ya
with your little tough T hair oh please
do that one cute over here you're
watching some buds Autobots are you an
iPod huh No Eduardo's very good he is
feeding last year this morning but guys
it's a Sunday morning which can only
mean one thing
what can it mean that's right
it's panco good morning plank oak is the
Irish for pancakes
in case you're wondering on a Sunday
morning we like to have pancakes please
leave comments of what you like to do I
used to like staying in bed till their
midday having a big bowl of Coco Pops
this is a long gun this is my reality
now there is no lie hens well this
morning week we got to say a metal half
7oz priapic
you can have a little excitement let's
get a frying pan so we can fry our pan
pancake pan it's called a pancake pan a
pan cake pan pancake pan what you guys
want in and you are broccoli in your
pancakes you on cabbage do you want
potatoes I want great oh my
bananas and sorry bear
guys that's that's quite skillful things
you're asking for how about I give you a
pancake
all right let's get steady all right all
right all right
so banana on the inside I'm not sure if
I can pull that off but I do have some
choco chip O's don't I
somebody's going to need to get me some
chocolate chips you guys give me an some
chocolate chips now not in the future
like right now somehow right now don't
move chocolate chip Oh like oviedo
chocolate chips so we're using some mild
odorless coconut oil cuisine get off the
spoon melt this bad boy huh always the
first pancake never worked so goes up to
the hair for us will do nicely it's hot
pink isn't quite good and on the inside
but it's still tasty
grapes and chocolates and finally well
not finally but Sammy finally Alessi's
pancake wait what's that face she
weighed the face
I know what you're missin see let's see
what you need to do get yourself some
maple syrup and then just put like a
little that just just like that whatever
you do don't accidentally go
tippy dip dip what do you think wait
oh geez it's that nice Deena the nicer
to who's the better with Tara
I think it's time you had your first
copy as well that Bluebird a nice little
better face she's like chewing on a
blueberry it's like everybody's like oh
no no more blueberries no what do you
want you are mine cake we're now
watching Masha and the bear as well
we've moved on
Eduardo's finished his pancake there's a
dog in the bed I've been replaced guys
huh I've been replaced Jacinta mm-hmm
we have so many names for the dogs I
wonder who people watch the vlogs if
you're new to the vlog so like oh that
must be Jacinta just in tax Cena sucks
her full name is seen Thomasina Jacinta
that's what you got a neighbor man his
grandmother was Thomasina that's how we
named her Emilia and look impede his
name is also Thomas you know I do not
have seen it and I have seen his name on
me too
hey if you know I just needed an Albie
let's go wake up the little monster
monster guy did you wake Alessia for me
unless ya got a big soft heart you can
mind her yeah
don't be amazing can you guys mind her
and they're making like going oh geez so
this is your okay so unless he goes up
on that slide slides down here you will
not be my ninja baby don't worry unless
you look I'm not ten years it Amelia's
daycare hey did you have a nice micro
nap joysticks for just an hour in the
morning a little micro nap
Micro Machines in collection 500 micro
shave machines still exist Micro
Machines more my childhood Garbage Pail
Kids and Micro Machines that's my
childhood summed up Wow baby fun thing
like off my bed
are you making okay don't dirty okay
we're just hanging out here aren't we
I don't think we're gonna get dressed
today it's Sunday we don't want to get
dressed today do we hear that books wait
I'll just have something I mean it's
pajamas hey I can only then is it Mina
but where is she flush down the toilet
you are my you are my box and I helped
put my box and talk and move only daddy
said and my toys move only when good not
look at and I'm looking at you so last
time I mentioned my crash rap everyone
is asking me to please show like the
rest it's not really a recipe but like
to show how I do it
so it finally came back and I wanted to
show you guys what I do so basically
that's the whole tub of crap and then I
grated an egg which you can see like
some of it obviously doesn't like the
end of it edge through I just threw it
in but like most of it did get grated
and then I'm gonna add mayonnaise and
that's all I do one egg a big thing of
crab mayonnaise and then put it in a
wrap and that's it and it tastes amazing
I made
over here five fingers and a wrap I feel
like we know each other well enough that
I don't need to justify my actions to
you but it's a Sunday friends and yeah
yeah yeah yeah I'm still wearing my
pajamas I'm still wearing my pajamas
okay and I've just ordered some the boot
and we've done nothing today we've
watched three movies we've chilled air
we had some iPad time we had some cuddle
time which is Sunday Sunday that's all
we had now we place the camera here oh
no everybody know everybody it smells
good it smells finger lickin good
everyone's still in their pajamas check
what troll troll they were in the
pajamas check pajamas check pajamas
check pajamas check Eduardo is wearing
shorts isn't he nice despite a dream it
right out your food is arrived obviously
we all got up this morning and ran 10
miles did a triathlon we did actually
yesterday let's be honest let's be home
lads away where do we go yesterday me
too do you remember
so I'm just going to start and this is
max I'm so happy to be an achy baby yes
you are
she's been just giggling and laughing
and like playing with her feet she's so
yeah I was about to her in the bath and
I just had a feeling that she needed to
go like feeling so I took her nappy off
to where it was like it was still like
under her but it wasn't I'm gonna mean
so she's there was still like padding
there anything we needed to happen I
believe it because I just knew and loved
old it did it's weird I swear mothers
like intuition distinct is so strong and
I don't even know why that's weird you
always know if there's something wrong
you just have like a feeling or like you
know if there's if they need what they
need or like I don't know it's weird
it's so weird I never believed it before
having kids but now I like told like
when we were in New York and Eduardo was
really ill like I could tell that he was
there was something wrong and I was like
we need to go to a doctor it was so
weird I think we're there for work as
well yeah we were you were there for
work there was like a lot going on but I
just knew and I remember feeling
horrible about leaving him like every
day to go to work
I got Jonathan to call a doctor like he
totally was on my side that he completed
me for me and was like an agreement but
it was just like I think dad's like no
as well but I don't think it's the same
today I mean like I don't know he's a
great dad and I think he would have but
he was totally in like work mode
being like Jonathan there's something
wrong like we have to we have to call a
doctor and he was like okay okay like he
totally like believed me but I just I
don't know would he have done it without
me saying like
such a big deal I don't know nothing
against him though because he's an
amazing job I just think men are better
at like focusing on one thing and I
thought would be his work whereas I
think women just never switch out like
associates our kids are there and
they're working they just never ever
switch off I'm like mummy mode but
that's why I find it really difficult to
do both I just can't so you called the
doctor and it turned out he had an ear
infection and it was a bad one it's a
really bad one
so and he had to go on antibiotics it
just goes to show like just trust your
instincts and as a mother like you just
know that if there's something wrong
with your child or if there's something
right with your childhood like to know
degree you didn't know it's so strange
I always know like when Amelia is lying
to me as well which she's she does now
because she's that bit older she'll like
to like not get in trouble and stuff and
I just always know when she's not
telling the truth but girls are more
convincing but I'm just like I know
because I am you I've been there done
that
me
we could be together
forever forever after all you can stand
in our way
