feeling out my clothes
Shivan in the freezer too young to feel
get boarding friend nanny heavy black
hat daddy has funny hair this is my
normal hair we talk man you can have a
two of you wanted to you keep it cool
like me if you wanted to you could be
cool like me eveyone hey where are we
going what no we're going tomorrow with
Eduardo what did water getting done here
going to get do it day day
no let's go Mauro today Eduardo is
getting a nah a haircut his never ever
haircut and media might get her head
shaped as well I'll got more edge shaved
by our jumbo jet say goodbye to Eduardo
little curls no longer will people call
you curly sue okay no one's ever called
them curly sue but they right we'll just
up we'll just get rid of these split
ends at the end that's all well do oh
good yeah I'll show you yeah I can do
that can you do a trick ya trick can you
do magic ha did you magic okay do you
imagine shake please what you need a
funny hat for
Oh oh my goodness look at you
- he looks fabulous
we play
like never being here before 910 sure
where we're going me Lee's gonna pull it
back oh who wants cheese are you ready
Eduardo he's mine already first haircut
word Oh exciting
this is it wardo are you ready for this
no more curly sue I'm gonna we're gonna
get matching haircuts as well not so
much it's just really this grunt you see
like this bit here a little mohawk Oh be
cool no no no no I broke a thousand
times but you probably used to it people
interfering with his hair
I echo that the first keep it up
I think it could be wrote right Harold
is useless
first hairstyling
yeah
my miss come on oh man victory day today
and we're reveal our dough Oh what do
you think do you love it do you love it
huh
Soni a little bit off the side but it
looks so good all right I've got me you
have your foot in my pocket okay okay I
bring over gonna help are no fees
doggies honey one skill what do one
scoop oh you can get too many an hour
and kill yeah yeah exactly
here at start on a real it's fine boy
it's my leave it now okay you can stream
up choose one one one one more okay good
girl now to move this back and you can
put the lid on okay
five minutes ago Eduardo you were born
35 minutes ago and now you're getting
haircuts huh see I thought I let
everything from having a media you
teaching me so many more things
ah what I wonder if we have another
child
teachers even more things that is water
and Amelia haven't done is to utter
things to learn just want me so many
things come in all the time I mean you
never taught me how to go to yours
Amelia never taught me how to get
haircuts ah
Oh Mia never taught me how to control a
wild animal huh
a wild son of a gun and I'm dead the bed
and peanut butter
I mean I know you're not going to okay
yeah if I was trying to hug the phone
he's trying to hook the phone yeah
come on hey keep your face right you
know what that means the new cow broke
but I have absolutely no idea what is in
the other box let's talk about the new
camera box so this guy here which is the
last thing I open which is the EOS three
thing was a do a thingy very cool yay
awesome grade turn it on press play
picked it up and realized this is not
going to work it's if you put the Prime
pancake lens on a 22 mil yeah it's
pretty good like this is the 11 to 22
it's pretty good like but there's a lot
of people use DSLR now you know I'm not
one of them
I like more of a compact solution that's
what this is supposed to be Lance the
g5x
this may be a solution situation it may
not be a solution situation it may go in
the pile of cameras because the amount
of cameras that I buy i buy them I open
them I picked them up and I go oh no
that's not the one and then I put it
back down likened and I go on the g7x
was found that way by trial and error
but em blah blah blah it Sam it's not a
removable end we have a g7x here hold on
a second so this is a g7 X as you can
see the size of it nah so this was the
oak that I was looking at the eos 3
thing as you can see it's bigger but
this guy is the 5 you can see it's not
that dramatically different from the
other one so I'm hopefully yeah
hopefully this thing this little fella
oh you got it oh yeah I'm already trying
to flip the screen that that's different
it's different but um yeah let's see if
this is an improvement this is the g7 X
this is the g5 X so let's move round
have them relatively in the same
position so let's go over to a window
and I think the differences at the
window
amelia is calling me let's move around a
bit and let's see if you can just get
different dynamic blanking stages so we
can see the difference between you to me
I got a cousin old but like everyone but
I'm I'm doing a great job but I don't
know the rest of the pieces but lazy
don't you are nearly done it looks
amazing but I can't use I don't know
where they go can you get that piece
okay yes I have a question which camera
here do you think is better pick one
that one yeah for the record a media
pick g5x which is this one here
not the old g7x there you go there's
your comparison lads between the
difference between the two - oh my
goodness oh my goodness oh my god that's
what these days are made for we've
decided as well look and then it just
that's it yeah I would have started
bringing the kiddos outside for an old
jaunt in the forest a Johnson in the
forest and I was like John Tyler honey
like poor yeah so we decided to have a
pizza party for pizza party Friday night
but it's Saturday night whoa because you
can earn light on the low light
situation was nice now we're all orange
oranges you just jump
are you a jumper or did you order
everything about already yeah
bingo-bango
Ciccone Jonathan Pizza okay go do it all
the way
whoa hey it's not a big no-no if you can
jump down yourself if you want to go
guys
it's prepping it they're prepped it with
some prep it's going on it's being
prepped oh yes you're just getting a
stool anyway
is that the plan you see the story right
oh oh
the trees are going insane remembering
huh you see it white oh yeah it's very
rainy girl isn't it the trees are being
like yeah I know we're looking at the
storm no I hope the pizza man's are
gonna be able to get here
why is wide only got one psychotics
railey raining heavy huh oh my god and
there's a spider right on the big cheese
like rocking by commenting on me oh come
a couple of birthday mommy daddy
I'll go hey uh Lou pop up a pop ha ha ha
ha
Amelia what's this what's this what's
this huh Otto nice catch
don't let the doggies get it don't have
to don't you get it
oh no oh my goodness he really lost that
oh no that was you're putting silly
pants let's get the rest are you what's
up you rock sir
you
