good hello friends and good morning and
it's the Good Friday and it's grazing
are you so we are all because we went in
a funny hunting on Wednesday Emilia
wasn't at school and then I rang the
school this morning with no one answered
you know if it's open or not I know it's
good friday so most places are cold
clothes but that's like only a christian
thing right and then the school is like
obviously nondenominational so is it
open or is it closed I don't know so
we're just gonna puss up there now and
see so we this might be completely waste
of time
or maybe I'll be dropping into nursery
Hoonah or preschool is that the boat I
was hanging off your head yesterday
what was the fell off but there's still
strands of hair look a shock see she's
CIA
Hey
I have to leave it there for
transportation reasons school run time
but maybe not school run time where did
you get those headphones so this could
be an interesting morning who knows it's
good I mean it's cool leave it on today
do you know it is also randomly become
summer which is amazing very excited
about
okay well there's loads of cars here so
I thought maybe if the road is empty
that's how I might know that it's off
but there's lots of cars here so we'll
we'll go up here in the corner and into
school and see if it's open
friends actually we'll know when we get
to the door because I'd hear two kids
screaming I think it's close Amelia
why are we going to do now a different
school will we just drive around and try
and find a school that's open and just
drop you off we're back home no no this
is a different home huh
London are we in London home we're
almost in London we're not far away from
London oh wow this place is amazing
isn't it
whoa I wonder what's behind that door
will we go find out no that time we can
never ever go into that door Amenia
remember remember this story this is the
door
of doom
by my mom he's probably gonna ask some
questions as to why you're back homes
here she might think you're Mitch enough
you bunkin Powers preschool and what are
you gonna say say it was like it was
good
hello why no look who's here oh we had
lots of fun at preschool huh and it
scared me check on a snapchat it's
really funny you were know what I wanted
to keep them hello friends
come on if I hang in for a doll pretty
sure we have more than ice pretty sure
we have more than that lads Good Friday
huh do you guys know it's a really
important time in Ireland right now it's
a hundred years since Ireland get its
independence in 1960 was the rising
proclamation of Ireland's freedom as
we're therefore part of Harrison topping
GPO and what's really interesting is my
dad actually got invited by the
government to attend because my
grandfather was involved in the uprising
I know I don't steam it cuz I don't
waive an Irish flag all day long but now
quite patriotic I love my country right
escalating this situation the green
boots are the boots I wear when running
across the fields because there's a
chance I might poop on them all right
doggy friends how's everyone getting
along wonderful stuff if you want to
just make your way to the front please
I'm really glad you're having a good
time
it'll only let's go guys
inside inside come on mister come on
let's play the yes or no game Eduardo
yeah
is your name Eduardo do you want to pay
the S&L game yeah okay the game is you
can't say yes or no do you understand
okay do you like pink yes
no no you can't you're not allowed say
yes or no the trick is not to say yes or
no is Daddy amazing is wired of your
brother what it's a really badass game
but yeah but if you think that was
amazing
just a picture here behind me or is it
this guy that's what I said give me that
one made me look like this guy they just
need to water my head for a while make
the magic happen
yeah thank you awesome and there we go
haircut number two friends we didn't end
up doing the one in the picture we did
this what oh yeah this is haircut number
two what wondering haircut number we'll
get to when I like have long hair but
I'll be like can I get a perm please
hello can you count the seven million
oh really no you said that you would
only make them if they were chocolate
have you got an exclusivity contract
with chocolate a non-compete clause only
working with chocolate yes it's good
friday Caesar on Sunday yeah
yeah
we're not a school bus is going huh or
you go back to sleep
you're so cool
good morning I'll be reading look friend
it's not the morning time so what have
you guys done today for alby's my
friends alvey's your best friends do not
bite you anyway these are the cupcakes
that they made you might have seen it
did you snapchat the creation yeah
yes it's so cool-looking no Easter oh
thank you Eduardo you have to be nice to
him though he has to be gentle gentle
what I will because I'll be an old lad
he does growl sometimes yeah he's just
scared when you come up to him because
you're so big and he's so small Nikita
cos I am Eduardo likes the doggies don't
chew our dough give IV a cuddle yeah
what they are my pajamas I had a shower
and then I put them on because it was
cut it was kind of a pajama day do you
know the shower had some work to do
didn't need to wear pants so I opted for
the no pants pants no the no pants pants
what was that
was it your own version no no wow are
you a composer what yeah
Oh row hapless a jump and a half huh you
weren't drunk about hold my hand just in
case you don't make it cuz you know
you're accident prone
ready alright friends that's everybody's
take of my friends everyone in the same
shot is a family the bed
it's a family bed yeah it's the family
back every time ok that's it my friends
ok say bye friends Amelia what
