you
the
karin-sama
took the road San Tropez in the Ordos
then good morning friends you're having
hot cross buns for breakfast when we
having silky chocolate hot cross buns
no yes Toby what else currently climbing
into the fridge paranoid oh yeah you
climbing in there is it let's just go
put that back in here
it's not a toy missus it looks like a
toy but it's not it's a squash and you
wanna feel me
tomato you feel like a tomato yeah yeah
oh boy you are Oh mmm such a little
scary today you know life filled your
bacteria little self huh he's worried
about no more always waiting happy
little man you're pregnant you're
terrified which I'm not gonna make it
then you get to that point where like oh
yeah he's like that you've reached
viability looks like pretty weeks or
something you're like yeah and then kid
comes and it's like oh but now then like
this cock - you like all - that's
terrifying see galleries alarms and
sensor pads and everything and then they
get to a certain age where they've
reached outside of that scary part I'll
call few they've made a pass at oh wait
no now there's a new thing and then
there's another thing attention it's
never gonna end forever
me and then because we're gonna have
like I'm gonna get in relationships and
friends nope you got a bit lighter just
stop
she's never gonna stop yeah my mom like
email me Lorraine she said that she was
like just remember I miss you as much as
you miss your kids
oh I never thought of it that way bye
Bob good oh I love you of career hmm
you are my favorite son my gun
wow you're not so on a secret recipe of
making boiled eggs is to get like a
pattern of butter and plop it in while
you're boiling it and let them the the
border kind of encrust upon the egg and
that's how it turns into hot cross buns
what are you you want a pound of butter
you mommy's little helper I'm not gonna
get anything done Albie if you stay here
okay this is my little out become cheese
this is my first little doggie that we
got mmm I've had him for so long and he
loves coming up here and I'm working to
just like chill me and hang out with me
you know he's in this understood little
fella we show beautiful and cute funny
thing is that obvious from sorry
we bought I'll be from Surry and like
six seven years ago when we lived in
London for the first time we always
thought it was a little town he now we
live here you're back home I'm not gonna
get any work done
uni geez dad don't be so emotional huh I
love you too no peace out
my goodness friends I am like so late I
have a meeting now I totally forgot
about it I'm so wrapped up in like
editing and stuff like that it was a bit
of a million in the magic trick the face
of wonder hang our taxes like hey are
you coming to this meeting I was I
guys what are you doing hiding Ernie
quick Carrefour anyway I made the thing
I was half an hour late but it was okay
I managed to get in do my business and
got out of there it was okay it was okay
now it's like heavily raining for some
reason Oh
why is it so heavily raining doesn't
have a new rating a minute ago
anyway marcin's don't deviate for the
list do not buy 500 Easter eggs head of
an Elsi kind of potato go with the
organic where's visual time and her
organic life was like oh yeah gonna have
two sides of the beach
yeah
yeah I know I'm still here so we're
building a tower of power and it's
taking half an hour because it's hard
for me on not for colleges it's hard for
Ghana so they can do it is it hard for
grownups or as a heart for media's can
daddy do it the best go who's this guy
amber oh is this trophy attraction
oh is this - Sofia house mixed in with
lots of other stuff that's Trey is the
China but I ordered buzzes hm
Oh is Micky delivering all the presents
to the boys and grounds what's mini
doing oh I didn't know mini knew Sofia a
minion Sofia friends cool let's build it
before we can actually build big Lego
castle after - I do I thought there's a
me to connect I'm on the Kendra
brilliant graphic we are making some
sandwiches huh so daddy's gonna have a
sandwich
we just plop this in here like this no
no no no no no no no I like to put those
bits off that he doesn't like those beds
oh do you not like those bit tighter
high-five boom were there non likers of
that bits no I'm gonna need some cheese
Erica get your filthy paws off my silky
drawers come here to me
oh yeah hey say get your holy falls off
my shoe key drawers sit up bah bah
curses
neato plucky little fucker
hey versus business oh hey I was just up
there and editing yesterday's vlog right
and I was putting in the title stay for
the updating mom part and I kind of like
I kind of just made me think and I was
like I should just say it right now to
get this to keep the kids up mom and mum
people when I when I put him mom I've
always put in mom watch my videos for
six years you know I always say mom I
don't know I've never said mom in my
life I've never had a mummy or a mum or
a ma I've already never had a mom I've
never had a mommy um I'll call my mom by
her name really I'll actually called my
mom I've always just called my mom mom
and all my rest of my brothers and
sisters have always called my my mom and
must my friends growing up I'll call our
mom's mom not mom or ma or money or
nanami or whatever in a word there is
but I don't think it's subjective to
where you're from because I am Irish I'm
from Dublin and I call her mom and I say
Lady Bird not lady book never use lady
book in my life nor will I ever use
ladybug or mum mum Anna says mom I don't
know what just just thought I'd say that
because there's always a debate kiss me
wrong don't say or to corner poem like I
always got a monk as mom's mom it's my
mom it's a man give him fairies
instructions
candygram for Mongo
this is my son--my son only let's end
this is Amelia she's a little
exqueeze me baking powder yeah
Thank You powder
Amelia's be playing with that Lego since
this morning sometime your Lego mad all
of a sudden look at this princess castle
that just came out of nowhere I've never
seen it before at you pops now lads
alright I'll text you when dinner's
ready come back and don't go further
than the end house how much this little
is back though
ever her chair once again
I went home from
Oh Mike we got a package but it's
raining and the postman guy just rang
the doorbell and left can you put a
slashing rain would you just ring the
doorbell and leave a package out in the
rain hello hello doggies
how could she suddenly whose Union
guardo got a present from Grandma let's
try this one
nothing oh thank you
Bardot's medicine oh yeah so sauce in
comments it was lots of comments lots of
lots of professors of ears but people
were saying that maybe he got this
because we haven't we never finished the
course of antibiotics of course you
taters are not about you know the name
like just because sometimes I think you
know we show one part we don't show all
the parts like you know what I mean I
spent like an hour with that doctor
yesterday and then my mom's worked in
Pediatrics for like 40 years
so I always go to her and like load the
stuff goes on that you guys don't see
but always know we've got our kids
covered okay yeah we have our children
colored you know what we're doing well
if we don't know what we're doing we ask
a professional right Oh want some juice
no Jimmy no your medicine it's good for
you it makes your ear better it's
already better ally anymore let's grab a
buck I like this one one thousand things
yeah the overlap book we can't read the
Olaf book every single night of our
lives must be read on that book I need
to make more or laughbox or something
don't have foreigner batteries yeah yeah
well we get a different answer okay
Warren's gonna read they're all Apple to
us guys you're gonna read all Africans
please oh yeah all right black oh no
he's gonna get trippy thank you bye Brad
they buy Brendan
wite-out
hello morning now sub to go
