Sun shines brightly through the window
Hey when she's either day has broken but
I'm staying here
I close my eyes or now and snug down
of course I've never been this emergency
fourth I don't even know where it is
smiley speaking
good morning friends is about five
million the morning and Eduardo had a
terrible night whatever fella woke up in
the middle of a while he woke up yeah I
got drunk at your drink ease here hon
swearing over here lots of the emergency
department because I think you got an
infection really bad he just couldn't
sleep and then he was screaming that it
was how we then we gave him Cal Paul and
I kind of kept me down for like an hour
- then I got worse huh this poor little
fella
that doesn't seem to be anyone here know
represent sure how is supposed to work
well press a button
ah okay we're done that's some stuff
let's go home
and we are out literally 700 million
hours later okay was it was about four
hours we were in there but we got some
stuff and I know this is like instantly
everything's okay everything's okay
right oh let me put all your stuff there
okay what doesn't make the situation
worse is that I mean II I was a
superhuman I never am I've never
experienced like we never had to go to
an emergency room when Amelia or
anything like that so I feel like this
is all new and we didn't really know
what to do like Amelia has only ever
scared me once when she was a bad like a
week or two old who we were driving home
and she a she wouldn't wake up and you
know we were only like parents five
minutes so we hadn't a clue and like we
panicked and I'm freaking out cause
tomorrow I mean it wouldn't wake up and
then she jumps in the back and then we
pull over the side over Joe and I were
like oh my god is our baby's dad I am an
enemy he woke up and then just we didn't
know her now I know Amelia you know you
guys see they're super deep sleepers you
know for that was it ever since that
moment she's never really been sick
she's never really never never really
had problems like um and then her know
comes along and throws a spanner and
that works
I can't I can't reset oh my goodness
oh I don't have time to get back in the
car mom hey we're on the way home
yeah no we got the the yellow stuff
again okay
but uh yeah he's got me fine so he's
asleep now oh one good thing about the
medicine that they gave us which is this
stuff here it's like in spontaneous
reaction on him you know I know that
he's gonna take this and like Lin
literally within an hour he's gonna be
perfectly fine which means he might be
able to so we're supposed to be going on
an Easter egg hunt today when Anna and
her friends are hurt in Kensington it's
a really cool experience I really wanted
wires to go so maybe you can just take
some of this we've got a couple of hours
before this ago maybe he'll feel better
all right let's go see it medium-well is
the grieving party Oh cuz it was
nighttime Eduardo went oh did you miss
it word oh yeah who do you have a
breakfast yum yummy yummy in your tummy
well I feel great and refreshed
this is neat even you're naughty and
let's just go okay
Musa jacuzzis how are you yourself in my
field back home oh wouldn't media fire
all your friends and the people here
when i have a lipst I need universe will
put on it make sure we have
and I'm literate Elsa - oh my god
oh did you yeah it's a very nice effort
we Shore friends let me see oh it's very
nice in media no we can't do the slide
game now we got some advice and they
said it was better to bring in wardo all
his friends and air loads are the kids
in there I need be distracted he'll
forget about it he's already on the
antibiotics not kicking instantly like I
have before so he's gonna go would you
probably have a better day anyway but
you do take care of your brother tonight
will you why because your brother is
poorly yeah alright mrs. Magoo so
Eduardo is wearing a matching trench
coat I'm coming to get the stroller out
of the car huh
mrs. McGee because I need you sometimes
all night yeah some PTSS yep my little
helper fathers little helper do you know
dad do you know the magic words say it
oh my goodness it wet
it's amazing wasn't it huh I'm
predictable don't say it again my
clothes on us and me - oh well hold on
let's get the stroller out wow it's so
cool so we've just arrived at the
nursery I've got my plenty years and
these are meant for immediate but I
stole them
Sabrina looks absolutely amazing look at
her hair she looks so good you would
never guess what she just had a baby
no should baby like five minutes ago oh
so Melia looks very snazzy in a trench
coat but she's a little bit shy right
now and poured water was still a bit
this looks amazing
we're gonna get some chocolate Mia this
he needs to bunny
I think Amelia's got the hang of it he
finally said time thank you
try and get a truck for mommy
vodka
yours is amazing kyoki's so there's no
rest for the wicked unfortunately he's
turning off me she's turning off and
she's like I don't care that you've had
no sleep oh I forgot my order I don't
care that means we're doing twice the
work at all right what
apparently you can snooze between
burpees you said for a second every time
you drop down have a snooze drove up
once no this is so weird
when you've got children multiple
children and multiple wives no multiple
children it's very rare that you find
yourself home alone I'm not home alone I
have little doggie friends here when was
the last time I was on my own in the
house for their children and stuff
friend it's crazy
I've been kidnapped child
I've got a different choice I don't know
where he came from do you what do you
come from
are you media are you in white oh yeah
look at this happy couple over here I'm
good-looking so these two are getting
married like to have a conversation
laughter I'm gonna go to Whole Foods
quite quickly cookie-cookie
let's go it's flashing to have some
lunch
ordered a taxi and then boarded it for
outside whole-food thinking this was the
only whole food study in the whole of
London I ordered it for the wrong whole
food yeah so then I had to cancel that
order because he arrived and obviously
it wasn't the same place and he was like
yeah I'd like 20 minutes away from me so
I ordered another one so that's coming
now so we've just gone back inside to
Whole Foods to look at a different floor
where they bought health stuff so I feel
like better pity it for almost friends
we have related rhinitis reunited I felt
like today was like I just can't run
this footage and I was like it's almost
like a half and half block it was like
mean Eduardo in the morning then you and
Amelia and the water was terrible alien
Amelia and then now it's like Austria
together oh wait
by able to hey this place is nice night
this is a good fine that's pretty cool
it's but I gonna be generous always
happen because we come so early
alright our take note that with a this
usually the I hope the restaurants
always empty and then eventually fill up
this place is really good
and we are out out for the clouds that
was amazing what was so good and I don't
feel like all blow Durant last words I
felt like was it who's a nice yeah
emember like come on but yeah small a
small but rich that's good is that you
wouldn't buy you an event instead anyway
you know I was gonna say anyway Oh Green
Man
the Green Man situation that's where
walk Obama's it's going to be nuts
soon soon it's gonna change our lives
Oh Husky but you're gonna follow it home
stealer
what a day friends it is now waiting we
tired I don't even know what time it is
whatever time it ends we've been up
since 4 o'clock this morning
what a day you couldn't say you've been
it's in London today I was on a bunny
trail thing like thank God I sat on a
couch you know because I was just like
slump this is crazy I've done I've done
meetings today where I was half asleep
in it's just it's just been like I just
feel like today's been a week I can't
believe it's being honest I need to
catch it clutch it like you break break
it
oh yeah it is anyway friends goodnight
farewell from this week
alright this weekly vlog that we've just
made to say electric c/o
toasty bombs yeah we're going to--
spitball give me toasty Bob Watson
Nutella
oh yes Johnny with the Nutella lies ha
ha ha
the grass is green
