my face on every page of every
for what my name
like I want to sing for you too
they're wired out what all of this
shopping put away when we get back okay
weirdo oh my god is that fun we can do
that someday
exercise is good for you it's school run
time it's not what is it ah-ha poo poo
time don't do a poo poo in Daddy's car
do not do a poo poo in Daddy's car no
that's not poo poo dive yes oh my god
baby
oh we're we a p a blue poopy poopy KY a
poopie pie that was you in for lunch
yeah a pie for the poo and pee yeah oh
my god
did you remember last week when we went
into London we're supposed to be on a TV
show and then we got a thunder but we
couldn't get it covered for the kid in
time second good Monday morning good
morning kids are covered and that is
good to go
oh great okay so as I was saying we're
supposed to do the ITV thing and then we
could yeah we couldn't yet we're getting
at code by the time we got coverage they
had to box America's TV works really
fast while we're on the train we got a
call from Archie that they want us to do
another show all right okay fair enough
we'll do that went to YouTube did the
YouTube Google meeting and we left that
went off he claims offices we set up the
live broadcast for TE and just like two
minutes you were ready to go live and I
got sick hope we did at like two minutes
to go in on a live TV show and I have to
run off and get sick so we have to like
cancel at anyway long story short
tonight we're gonna go in do the ITV
show because we got babysitter coverage
and Anna's available she's in there
right now working at or t1 still want us
to go on their show so we're trying to
work in the heist ahead as well and tv3
wanted to fly us over so we might be
going on scene as well that would be
kind of fun
busy Monday morning friends hello little
fellow oh good job in wardo nice one you
got half of it John all right guaranteed
inner half please don't run away from
your church possibility
no it's really starting to
ok so I think Monday's is we do really
easy on it yeah yeah yeah like a nice
gentle oh we get sweet shop
yeah we're just got a babysitter in ee
strikes that's the plan why why I don't
have fun assuming yeah are you gonna
make splashes Wow big splashes try and
splash the teacher okay people have
always spotted this guy in the back of
our video sometimes let me explain to
you writers get when we were first moved
into the house we were told that am
there was this old dude this old man
that kind of worked as a gardener under
property and then the property got sold
and then we eventually moved into it and
AM and he just kept coming and you know
he doesn't he doesn't do like it's not
like a property he doesn't cut the grass
and he doesn't do but he just kind of
comes in and turn to sweep sup the
leaves and some of that he just kind of
appears every like every few weeks he's
a lovely old guy he just comes in is
really manly the dogs just go mental
let's see you know he's here you're like
what's wrong with the dog you're like oh
this video guide it just turns up every
few weeks and just sort of sweeps leaves
around and someone I don't mean so I
just think it's kind of funny he's a
nice guy I'm not gonna stop him coming
he's a nice guy you know but I just
think it's fine food of cedar and back
in the video like don't mean to alarm
you but there's somebody in your garden
it's okay
we know hey crazy pants
where you going what are you going I
looking at more - where you going do
your head so media was on an Easter egg
hunt today Oh what about daddy
yeah oh cool daddy might help us have to
confiscate all the chocolate cupcake
these are a chocolate coin Wow
let me see your hair button there what's
what's what exactly is going on there
where you often yeah yeah what's it my
no seat no well I'll tell you what in a
barrel I don't know 16 years you can
learn to drive and you can sit in daddy
seat and drive daddy around to the old
folks home you can drive me to bingo and
checkers let's go crazy time let's go
come on what come on
so what's the media doing are you making
nests yeah Oh frozenness oh cool you're
gonna crunch them up and then make
Easter nests Oh Easter bacon is going on
lads but Sam and I are heading into
London now so media are you gonna be in
charge okay don't forget to get it wired
Oh up in about 15 minutes okay and then
he can help you make the nests okay oh
yeah but then Eduardo can help okay and
then don't forget to give it water is
dinner give yourself your dinner hop in
the bath give yourself a good wash it's
not hair washing right we did water two
books read yourself two books and then
go to sleep yeah
can you do all that for me oh and then I
don't forget to Peter dogs regularly
yeah see you later
okay fun story so we didn't get the
training we normally catch because it
was canceled or something so in Kelly's
other trains and we're in like where are
we firing them and new plates never been
here before
got on a train and we didn't know scary
stuff let's look at this
we don't even know where were somewhere
in the United Kingdom I think it's a
train once the train was saying I was
like oh my god we're gonna end up
Liverpool or something yeah look London
on the surface yeah London and satis so
there and what we're trying to go to I
have no idea
hi we made it weird a new place you've
never been here before
okay stage two he's trying to find the
car we think it's a little guy at the
end there road somewhere around there
from the Vivien
so around here the car and then the next
stage the slowpokes behind bunch of
slowpokes
I don't know we're gonna go no what are
you doing
the self-made reality stars are so good
at it they even quit their jobs I'm
pleased to say Jonathan and I both
drawing here now I can't decide whether
this is pure madness or you two are
living the dream with your family yeah
or is it where I am where I finished my
graduating from University it was like
what am i glad well I'm good at making
videos I'm gonna make babies
so about to find a career that led you
both as I said the big event yeah that
like you know life is about like the
little moment they always say to me oh
it's not about the big moments big
moments in life like happen all the time
but the little moments that you take for
granted is what life is so our videos is
like you know I mean a collection of all
the little moments you know every time
like and you know media is now heading
it to school so we sort of stopped yeah
well it's not anyone so he can still
show more and you know I mean it started
with my life and then became my wife my
life my wife and my wife my kids and
dogs and then it'll just eventually come
back to me in an old person's home I
have to make some more babies yes some
more films and our endorphins thanks so
much for coming in to talk to me thank
you
oh no guys so we're getting on this
train
we've never gotten this train before
supply everybody let's go quick we're
going to miss it right worst-case
scenario we're going to end up with
Brighton this change let's go to
Brighton
what oh yeah okay their radio thing the
morning okay she said three stops
- on a trainer and been on before you
don't know where you're going and this
isn't train home if you get off this
train and get on another train we're off
the first change we're trying to get to
the second train which is right here
somewhere very adventurous for us drop
big train doors just like are you so
kind me
is on phone support just in case they're
still in London I think uh from new with
until oh what's that train going oh no
you find our train here okay now we just
need to get on the train
is it is it gonna stop oh no chance
about trains broken down so that's not
it's not gonna bring a train over three
is equal to 78 were to go to a disco
yeah and we did it we're off the train
we're in the right I don't are we in
right L we are in right hand thankfully
we're hitting their eye again now see if
we can play in the car you know
trains planes automobiles candidate but
that there's no planes or is there
remain it to the car
Nader real test lives if we planned this
really really well the babysitter has
just put the children to bed baited them
and when we come in it'll just be like
perfect harmony peace or party product
no I know pizza party but nice have a
nice romantic today yeah
natural tour TV stars everything's going
to change go to be amazing hey let's
make some noise one two three
