we have to be careful it might be very
scared we bring them outside yes yeah do
you will you promise to take care of him
and feed him and look after him and
breathe best friend do really careful
though guys okay little fella
will you've met okay whoa hello friends
and welcome to Sunday's video which
involves jumping off crazier things and
a ladybird the amount of times he
thought I'd come into rooms and kitchens
and self around fair like so many little
lady Birds I don't know what that maybe
there's like a lady bird base or
something or maybe this is like a lady
bird attractive area Wow now you want to
jump again you're a crazy jumper oh
hello mr. Ward Oh daddy where it oh geez
you want me to dress up as a monkey and
chase you
thank you very seriously
what you wanna wear it at least if we
ever do have another child Amelia will
be able to look after the baby for us
won't you will you be a good big sister
or brother no you'll always be a big
sister you'll never be a big brother do
you remember the baby they used to poo
and pee and stuff what was that one
calls that would be a real baby Jonathan
you have two of them this is what Anna
does to make sure I put the correct
outfits on yep it definitely worked out
well hello we are the Royals this is
printer oh my goodness my hair
this is princess Amelia and Prince
Eduardo of Ciccone Jolie lon so picot
wardo have you seen any dragons lately
you have not okay you're gonna have to
get the Wibbly elbows elbows now would
you like would you would you like to
have hair like daddy now what now oh no
princess right Oh Prince Eduardo
we're away you want to sit on this and
slide dad's stairs I'm just gonna have
to go ahead and say no okay sometimes
the best way to teach children lessons
is to show them what happens if you do
the thing they're not supposed to do
this is what happened
all right it's lunch time on a Sunday
and it's whatever we can find kind of
fun day I did some salmon yup some
pancakes some salmon some things I mean
do what you want for lunch
whoa um are you making everybody frozen
no I'm good you're the magic powers
she's got magic power all right what do
you think what do you guys want for
lunch
whoa whoa careful don't freeze everybody
oh they're my powers I will take them
from you daddy come back
guys what are you doing here
you know forest when it's morning kind
of can become full this takes all the
way in the pond Wow
you hear that whine oh wow so we are out
on a Sunday adventure looking for six
like that yeah and then aggro it's
trying to go no it's not her trees I
made it me now that's amazing
do you guys know that that's that trees
are made so somebody puts the seed in
the ground and then the man waters the
seed and then the next day it turns into
a tree that one must have taken a long
time though Wow
the wonders lads the wonders of
childhood I don't know that's one of the
cool things when you gotta just I always
said there's wondering if there's a
billion cool things about having kids
but sometimes you don't appreciate your
own life experiences as much as you
appreciate observing your children's
life experiences cause like I don't
remember what it was like to think about
how trees were made but then to listen
to Amelia's interpretation of how trees
were made it's really interesting
because she's seeing the world oh we're
too slow elapsed
sorry about the slowness I'm keeping up
with Eduardo hi are you fast now don't
go too fast if you go faster than 88
miles an hour you'll go back in time
that's what happened to Marty McFly
look at the duardo he's flying ahead of
us oi mister mister mister man
Sunday stomping on well the day is done
smiling to myself I will never what I
said they're not my shells
yeah
and you guys never go camping when you
were a kid in your back garden and then
just like running your own house in the
middle of the night what it'll be fun
if everything works out and we end up
getting a house this year what a bit of
a forest e back garden things I like I'd
like a forest the back garden like this
to like feel like a tree house for could
you imagine a tree house for it is like
a camping area so we can have like like
fires and like that yeah wouldn't it be
fun to do like a camping with the kids
like in a safe environment that's why in
your back garden will be best controlled
environments what this way I don't know
we should go this way
yeah I used to do that all the time
we're kids with their camping in the
back garden we felt like so adventurous
it is dark here oh you like to wind up
wow thank you
you've really lit it up hello can you
hear me cuz the fridge I just thought
maybe you couldn't hear me because he
only mean you've been sitting in the
fridge like we're in a fridge last night
sorry about that didn't realize it
anyway it's 17 100 million hours later
the children have fallen asleep after a
bath and some stories and stuff I'd make
it a no-go Ponte you guys woke up
stealing come alone and you know you can
have a cup of tea with me have a cup of
tea with me if you wanna take it sorry
man that was it
you do tippy tip with me now coffee
drinkers are different and of ease
because I walk around a table in the
streets and a business call dudes that's
a wrap your heart you're a part so
relate or child or something right here
somewhere
maybe chair matter probably like pop it
in here sitting in my kitchen have a
little bitch in waiting for a camel to
boil I got an itch in my chest cuz I my
my favorite that's got my hobnob made of
soil team up water and the cup and don't
forget to turn yourself cuz he's gonna
have a sink up to you you've got to get
with
me if you want I taste a cup of tea and
Dibby Dibby Dibby Dibby do with me
you're welcome and your friends good
night god bless safe journey home I'm
off having a cup of tea and an old
biscuit very much I might as well this
one but you know what I'll put you in
there now and I'll say
