see my face
it's a Saturday morning I think the
media has gotten for a football
this kid has lost ish look at him this
is a sunrise he can open doors now he's
terrifying
he's terrifying because he's not as he
hasn't got the fear of Mina has it ready
for a little pool probably gotta go we
gotta go we're gonna be late come on go
go go go go get her jack thank you
all right mr. man give me a pop if you
can yeah no no no meanness come on now I
mean there's just messin because the
media is a mess sir if it's Eduardo a
mess sir you are going in there
all aboard where are you going come mr.
monkey man monkey woman some snack
distribution you want a banana Oh
where's my banana all aboard for a
Saturday morning yeah we have like five
minutes dies
okay see you guys later have fun
all right let's go so after
unsuccessfully driving around for 17
hours on a Saturday morning there's no
chance of getting parking there I'll
have to go back tomorrow since later on
this evening when it's calms down a
little bit for now I gotta go but the
park is also miles away now as well so
if I just make it in time to get back to
previous class the end and we'll pick a
video up and then I have a Google there
for some food I don't know we're already
sick everywhere I don't know we kind of
make it like a Saturday tradition to go
out and have some food like as a family
you know go to a nice restaurant and
stuff but everybody's like well except
for super human Anna everybody else got
a cold
this starting a situation and I have
there 16 million mile walk all right
what
guardo's watching media's ballet class
he still wants to join we're going to
join finally the water came into the
class I'm worried about a chocolate trap
meet open you will get a chocolate
let's go let's go team
so do designated after ballet activity
what do we do after ballet yeah where do
we go yeah the play okay peg I was
closed last week for some random reason
yeah it's open today huh yeah why's
sometimes the playground runs out of
batteries as well it's terrible when
that happens all right open your
girlfriends let us say oh it's a gate
sorry open the gate for me please
all right where do you want to go first
what
really whoa
come on okay an eternal sea say go
echoing the turtle guys oh we're all in
the Turner it's a full family tunnel out
the other side go I'll go art oh the
monster what Kotaro a monster
oh those free swings free swings it
sparked this thing here all aboard
faster and faster faster and faster the
best
oh no oh no it is Wireless go to ok do
you think there's room for us I mean
anyone some pastime or do you want
people millions very busy that is
abandoning us she's given up on us he's
leaving
oh no it's just you and me no media ha
and wardo obviously we came to the place
that we went for date night because it
was actually good and close and we
figured it'd be good for the kids what's
wrong
where are you she's gone oh my goodness
maybe she is water filled in times we
got her okay mom knees for two minutes
and suddenly you're under the table with
no shoes on this is not good this is not
gonna work out this isn't gonna work out
well for anyone why you got you she you
keep your shoes on mister so Eduardo and
media and dr. na and I want to fill its
cheese salad my god this big love the
chicken and some spaghetti and that's
not mine
it just seems like all the food has come
to my side under the table is it hot
right oh yeah spaghetti in the syllable
the knife were it'll be nice the hot
blow on it blow on it blow mr. wardell
phone industry okay let me get that
window for you Nate Nate who are you
that's a music it's a hard choice
sometimes with Hindi all-in-one and the
flu and cold but I feel like I'm gonna
go in an all-in-one situation just drink
the whole day go go go go go go
mate we better mr. kettle whatever he
does though is suppress it a little bit
you are your slippers yeah okay all
right that is just making something you
have to turn it off before it boils
because if you actually pulling the
water you'll kill the good stuff so
tricky
don't let your limbs of water boil they
won't much this is not a daily
inspection of the dog's ears she has ear
mites
she might you might have something the
nurse doesn't mean you have ear mites
you check your air checker
Oh whenever I'm editing and I actually
laugh out loud for reals
I always know you're gonna enjoy it this
particular video with this I oh you
missed it to the Simon Cowell tea I
thought that was so funny the explosions
and stuff in the work ethic oh you know
you gotta wake up Eduardo I've literally
sat there for the last a point of dad
sat there and got back up woke them up
and sort of feels like sometimes the
 bar yeah dad my little friend
Diaz friend hello little friend dear
friend you want to get up do you what do
you think
you feel it
right about being out here for tell you
better than under time hello family of
wild animals oh boy
let me in here that we are all sick
people in do we look got the iPod
seriously hey thank you aha it hurts I
have light sensitivity issues right now
I've noise sensitivity issues I have
people sensitivity issues my eyes yes
check my eyes check my eyes are you are
you a doctor
yeah Oh Paro is a doctor there for a
minute are you a doctor
yeah when you watch it you're always
watching these guys ah it's like the
engineering family what is that white
house phone is that that's an old phone
look at the size it is like miniature
what do you say it anyway we're all Oh
sick in the head oh why to put them on I
like my brown ray-bans that is my black
ray-bans what where do you put the money
you'd be a coup did Joe black Ravens
always remind me up though you guys
watch The Blues Brothers but today I
always remind me of
runner mania hey hey give me that give
me that
oh so I know it's not a Friday night
lads and look how bright it is that side
oh my goodness it was last time and a
pizza party Saturday night and it was
bright outside oh my goodness have just
lost something
is it a pizza come on come on Oh
pizza party Friday night
pizza party Saturday night pizza party
every night it's a pizza pie into the
fridge you go
there's nothing here going to happen but
people gorging on pizza say goodbye
friends you things like a freebie ank
you for the nice in your Poppi Anka you
know
do
it is not bad
