you
hello friends good Friday morning G so
it's wired on me often our decided it
was a good idea to pass me over some
sort of a cold situation well just me
it's nice that the children are so
giving and wanted to share everything
with me but she didn't share what Anna
and he didn't share what Amelia so maybe
it's just like a boy flu
a man flu it's not so it's just a cold
it's just annoying because now might
sound funny and on full of stars I think
basically that's not bad that's me are
you a New Yorker have you got a New York
state of mind yeah it gives like you
t-shirt what's the t-shirt say Brooklyn
moon is in Brooklyn yeah we're almost
weird we were in Midtown we didn't quite
make it to Brooklyn maybe next time yeah
maybe we do does have more to see it no
leave some comments if you think we
should go to Brooklyn let us know what
do you think are you a New Yorker know
what's Wired Oh a Londoner I love dinner
can you show you t-shirt can you smile
your eyes that's what they always say
smize what is the kind of us - yes miser
it's myself or Brooklyn look at mommy
gimme some drunk
sooner I'll take it here's those cute
guys all right let's go let's go
no no not you or don't let me need to
say I can take it off all right
are we ready for the song here we go
balance bike is that all you do you just
say balance bike you know like I love my
balance bike buh buh buh BMW balance
bike I'm sorry that was absolutely
terrible oh my goodness why are these
are certain things I didn't want to eat
them in front of Amelia because she
would just think of their sweets how am
I supposed to look at this how am I
supposed to get out of there it's like
moist in there forever
it's like you talk biscuit rule you guys
know about the top biscuit rule so if
you open a packet of biscuits all right
and then you eat like a couple of and
then you put them way again next time
you open them don't need to top biscuit
off on the top let's get to somebody
else because it's gonna be a little soft
oh wow I feel amazing now Oh
Wow that you are our personal trainer
now I don't have any sparkles these mean
we are up in the intense day Lord what
means like their military yeah cuz : to
rate it's what this is a drill sergeant
why we should get military ones as well
yeah I don't know once you got a whistle
and a half light drill sergeant friends
what should I do I'm so poorly oh my do
this knowing
Oh fine I'll do this one oh my goodness
guys love squirrel squirrel eating all
the stout foot Anna and the kids to see
I've never seen a little squirrely like
you know I don't we need to name him
maybe it's a Friday thing he's like good
support yeah yeah yeah he's so cute look
it was good I finished my workout
I know I just thinking as you all got
all the food send it back on this office
and you get a free Anna I'm gonna throw
on a dog I'm gonna try and make this
loss all the way Putney okay a three
look on Lucy's Instagram for a picture
of this cupcake in your head with the
princess it has proof yeah yeah okay
just not even in there but I'm gonna try
so you don't have a couple of in your
bikes you can't like fake it huh see you
later
No hello Eduardo in the box so we got a
big box the more that's gonna help me
you got to pull it you pull it it excuse
me you pull it where I'll pull it
yeah good boy pull it pull yeah good boy
we're gonna bring it to the garage
you're doing all the work
okay daddy do it then come on
let's think about getting big box
deliveries we put this like the rubbish
when I yesterday now I'm stuck with this
giant box Oh
huh what's it here mommy and daddy do
their exercises in here okay Marnell we
very very carefully placed this over
there okay there's a technique what's
that is that for the to be look at mr.
gray man mr. Craven what why are they so
big
Wow I think they're for big boys huh I
don't want to try it yeah come on you
can take on Nate Diaz I'm aboard the
cuddle afraid Oh
huh Warren is not gonna be a UFC fighter
part is gonna be the ultimate cuddle
Cutler huh the ultimate cuddle UFC
ultimate beckon Cutler driving in my car
car driving in my car car huh let's go
title oh look at the Easter eggs why do
I saw the squirrel I saw a squirrel do
you believe me believe me our video
evidence I got it on tape
I know I marked them Mateus Lee they
make a difference I think it's morally
just distract you from the fact of
sniffling and feeling a you like I'm
sucking a nice little sweet so I feel
great
forgive us little man okay this is the
light here we're gonna sit allied here
huh me this is the Sun if we're going
where you going where you going huh the
water was frozen cold today
it's froz cold
okay Rapala posies a tishoo a tishoo
eduardo went into the house that's not
the house oh my goodness guys
turns out amelia is some sort of a
genius art person look at this how good
is that isn't that so good oh my
goodness yeah you got skills to pay the
bills I can I could not even do that in
the media well it's your mommy now mines
gonna be blown and also do you have a
little band on this is Eduardo Oh we'll
show it later will we about we do that
we get home yeah because it's very cold
today isn't it oh it's freezing
you gonna call no calls thanks Eduardo
preciate that I've got lots of things I
got lots of chicken soups that's a like
no glory bow someone's lamb's hips and
like sooner things we are taking the
fight to to cold no longer shall we go
into the night without a fight no longer
so we stand idly by and watch the cold
win today friends we celebrate imagine
like thousands of people screaming and
cheering behind me fellas over those
moments
so explain the situation okay so here's
the grown-ups they're the grown-ups and
these are the children and this is
preschool oh you made your own preschool
Oh to garden cool
this is the van that we were trying to
show you on today I love Eduardo it says
hi I've just dropped my son to school
can I could make like them please
oh that's spell it spell my daughter oh
my goodness that's amazing come on now
we got to go home come on Belle Oh Oh
bills a teacher wait I'm kidding I'm
confused
which one of these is my children oh
hello I missed you let's go home Louie
Oh Oh am i dropping into school right
now sorry I'm very confused I have a
doctor by the way I have a very
high-powered job and sometimes I get
confused with the smaller aspects of
life okay I'm off the surgery have fun
in preschool
by sometimes I spend like literally two
or three hours re watching the vlogs no
I'm just editing it i rewatch it over
and over again and making like little
changes and then changing and then
feeling like changing the song or
changing musically to rid him of it
early exchange or emotional flowers I'm
by that like and then it comes to that
point where I'm like I need to just
upload it now so it's available there's
like ah you sure you uploaded it and
then you put her up there and then it
goes six o'clock and then you guys all
jump on the video and then you say loads
of stuff and I'm always like Oh whew I
think there's a lot of responsibility
for me to provide you this video for
time every single day
well like I got it it's done it's done I
gotta walk away walk away
it also helps it also helps if you have
some sort of an Easter egg situation
going on and a couple of these halls and
there's some other theater things and
all that stuff for ya on a Playstation
helps as well during render time I was
in a bit of Mad Max as well but yeah
that's the situation that's a
situational situation okay let's get
some food hot that for me we're making a
hot chocolate now what kind of hot
chocolate you would know yeah okay so
hold on marshmallow this one I don't
think this one's that good this is coca
for baking we need what is the best hot
chocolate in the world of media this one
here is for we're after
yeah it's the one okay bring it over to
the table for me oh we had a lasagna for
dinner did you like it swirl in hot milk
then we make them for Eduardo too in his
beaker yeah this one let me get the milk
let's get everything ready are we ready
punch it
who ordered hot chocolate so we are
having the after a hot chocolate crash
let me see your face do you have a beard
let's go
