for me and my token of our to the
alleged church must change
Oh
Amelia this is gonna be is this your
second day faculty I think it's her
charge this is where those first or his
second
eduarda has never had same Patrick's Day
in Ireland I think you mean you have one
same party say in Ireland where the
phone was on the phone well are you in
some sort of virtual reality experience
learning these phone viewer things from
the insurgents providing the future of
gaming oh yeah
having so much fun we're all Envy Orland
jokes aside I'm very excited for
PlayStation VR which is coming in
October
okay we're going we're going Mardas got
the audio virtual reality a song or did
react to them the roller coaster the or
roller coaster
you ready wardo you ready to enter a
virtual world when waters in the virtual
world right now let's see the saucony
Jodie's virtual reality experience seems
so real oh my goodness it seems so real
I think geez are you okay we use get
today's videos on please get it uploaded
alright no slacking
I am embracing and embracing the summer
I'm embracing the summer that's
September to March 17
Patrick's Day Podrick send positive
today and funny enough it was always
crap
I'm Patty's Day always rains I did the
parade so many times I'd be under parade
and like you'd be all of that night in
the great the next morning you have all
your stuff on your barrel I can't mainly
did dancing yeah it would always be crap
day oh is you crap date I mean sunny day
huh
actually I shouldn't say it because
every day every time I say that why did
you have to do that I now have a cold
and it's freezing outside I'm wearing a
scarf inside well done guys what are you
doing inside just brushing what are you
doing just chilling inside a bush oh my
goodness can you believe that's a nice s
can you believe we are going to Florida
in a few weeks and so sunny I feel like
someone's come up there I don't even
know where I am I was meeting someone
right here we had a meeting and then I
parked here because I couldn't find out
where to go and then I've just come back
and I'm like in order to forget that
we're in or I could rush somewhere and
you just like I'll just dump the car
here and then you go and you do a thing
and then you come back you're like where
am I and it's also art it's st.
Patrick's Day there's like nothing going
on it's really odd happy March 17th it's
a Thursday that's what it's like goes of
an Irish music here comes here comes
I'll take it I still have no regrets
about the summer shade wait
gates trying to get me look we got new
bins and a new guy a whole new set of
bins yep
that's a grown-up life you lads will you
grow up you get excited about new bins
hello greeting party so Amelia see this
little thing here what's that do and
nobody would look he exactly because
sometimes the media thinks it's funny
doesn't she
to get inside the bathroom and lock
herself in with Eduardo Wow but it's
very scary for grownups because what
happens if you do it and then you panic
and you don't know how to open it but I
I'm not gonna are you not gonna panic
but this here yeah come on so we're just
going to take these it'll screw them in
here okay what are you a big girls jump
off toilets are you sure you were last
time oh okay now we almost have just
needs a little bit more
what why we keep jumping off the toilet
oh my goodness there we go
Locke is gone to lock his gun you had
dinner
the lock is gone right oh yeah okay give
me no give me lucky me luck
give me the look Oh Oh No
why do I want to do that no no he said
he's a he's not he's gonna be too right
I can jump too daddy
you still need help okay oh your turn
ready big jump point out hey Joe well
it's Ryan kite see if you can jump to me
okay come on he needs to jump by herself
so look what eduardo his figured out the
cockpit in there huh I found my whole
stash was ripped open there's no twist
but actually ate half of it I know I
don't want maybe in the morning time
they were coming and eat them but he let
the cat out of the bike he showed me
what was going on
your little chancers huh Oh more what
are you doing where you off to bed you
often that time with us
hello friends we need to have a chat
about something that I noticed there's
even some comments about yeah so I just
kind of address we can never talk lads
family ready jump with the kids like
getting older and growing up like the
way we film is gonna have to it has to
change you know what I mean - as like
you know Emilia has friends and stuff
that she hangs out to come to our house
here like you know friends come here
they they have the hang outs of that
we're we're just kind of giving Emilia
more privacy like so when I started
these videos they were about my life and
then they became about my life and
Anna's life and then they became at my
life and a life in Amelia's life and
while I finalize in the dwarves life and
then it's kind of like now and I'm just
trying to hone it back in a little bit
and give Amelia more privacy and then as
wardo gets older he can then have more
privacy so you're gonna still get the
same fun family vlogs but there's gonna
be lots of time during the day that I'm
just I'm just gonna keep back you know I
mean I'm not I'm not stopping and we're
all like changing it well we are
changing us you know to me like so the
blogs are still gonna be good and it's a
good thing you know cuz it means that we
can it means that we could do this for
longer yeah cuz that's the thing you
always got to think about like how can i
how kind of keep doing these vlogs while
my children grow up but at the same time
allowing them to have the privacy of a
childhood you know any me if I still up
doing this and it's really fun and
because I do this and because you guys
watch this and support this you give me
this wonderful gift and you you know I
mean that I'm able to stay home my kids
and have fun with them which is epic you
know II mean sighs thanks thanks Brad
appreciate that eight nine ten
you watch you roll then jump if we
connect the most part okay make a change
it is st. Patrick's Day after all the
middle D fatal defy belief it will be
fatal Depot oh my goodness friends
the Warriors made me sick of something
haters mr. downside to having kids to be
Revere if you're like thinking it's
normal like pros and negatives are
having children make you sick all the
time
this one looks really good these are so
funny these are the display ones you go
oh they look amazing half-board and then
they go in the back and they get four of
these they put them in a box you get
home drunk huh who wants to go for a
know peepees he wants to go for a little
pee pees smell the burning in here you
want to do a little pee pee outside okay
cute you are
no Coke you are so pretty look at her
she's so beautiful huh
can't believe she made we made her
Amenia Ana
I'm confused at everything give me your
last one you have to save your last one
for me
and you guys watch fresh meat it's like
such a fun show
she's such a fun girl anyway this
net co-ceo it took like a four-year
break or something on that but it's
really funny she makes it funny
anyways got T half a bounty say by PTO
tonight I friends oh my goodness talking
off lights they bite yank out
