good morning everybody we are having an
elevator partay this morning guys we are
heading up morning we are heading up
north today guys there goes very
exciting lines and we're on platform
zero again we're always on platform zero
so we're doing some work today
in Birmingham and we decided while we're
there we're gonna go and where are we
gonna go guys today what's where are we
going today Amina who are we going to
see today she's in shock this isn't sure
okay do you guys remember where we're
going
well okay technically yes we're going to
London Victoria and then we're going to
go to Euston station but we're gonna go
on the Underground
unless it's first time on the
underground train Birmingham yeah Wow
Cadbury's is in Birmingham those the
last time we went there but we drove to
burn me we drove too heavy so we just
thought it'd be fun to make it kind of a
day out of it because we gotta go you
excited less yeah please let that tear
away there
yeah that's very nice of you and me yeah
all right let's get down here and see if
we can find Vivian okay Vivian's coming
to help job work stuff but she's been
roped into childminding I don't know if
she knows it yet these two monkeys - to
do free P the free P it's an important
it's important it's hard to steer this
thing with both ears on
Odie's on board we're looking for this
is beyond
there's also train to Gatwick Airport in
case anyone missed - if you do not have
a bookie Borden you have more than one
child definitely recommend this by
saving your on the boogie board mister
follow the lunge for the hunting ground
but this is fun bringing the stroller
down
funny end of a there's an escalator
we're going on the underground
there are many elevators over the new
Koko movie guys the lassies first time
in the underground this is the
underground train look he's standing on
the under that
you being a rebel hi guys this is Oxford
Circus
alright guys this one's a bit trickier
wait wait wait
steak up stay close to Daddy stay really
close to me okay this one's a bit
trickier
I mean Evita hold on
can you make something else me very
careful very careful okay
okay oh my goodness we made it oh it's
quite there it's quite the incline all
right we have arrived in Houston station
we have found a Vivienne and I like the
other bleep and we're very excited
because our train is coming in a few
minutes it's over there we're waiting
for a platform number and then we're
going to Birmingham New Street guys the
new street not the old Street we're
going to the new street oh my goodness
guys here we go here we go into big
train we're excited
I can see here outlined in the Sun the
book of pines and his slippers on
now hey you whisper in the dark sitting
up in the night with your head in your
arms and guys we are in Birmingham
alright welcome to Birmingham boys and
girls
the Sharks and fishes around here
somewhere welcome to Birmingham friends
give me a hand please
all right oh my hand please very
exciting we're looking for an elevator
okay great so have fun at the aquarium
Oh an upside-down elevator party guys
it's your free have fun guys guys look
up look up it's a big mirror a huge
mirror guys it's a disco wait wait it's
Birmingham full of discos guys
maybe it's the disco town and you guys
live in Birmingham huh
guys come over this way everyone got to
see life and they're more obsessed with
a little fountain outside England hello
Oh easy no you say no let say no mr.
penguin present me look right beside you
so good look you're all coming over did
they think they're actually suing guys
again this guy coming over jumper this
one guys a flatfish
see the fishies nice there
Hey
why is your baby sure that's a catfish
guys
a bamboo shark alright any part oh come
on no no no you wanted to swim with the
sharks
Media was it feel like spiky soft feel
soft
Amelia Amelia turn red what's going on
in here is Nemo in here guys oh yeah oh
it's in here guys oh come okay I don't
think I'm gonna fit in their eyes this
place to make it be nice
I've been through an informant we're in
University of beam to the winners
and now we've been to the one in
Birmingham we should try all of them and
see which is the best one of the sea
lice uh-huh this is such a good idea got
here work was over you got all the works
of headed away early and we came
straight here this is really cool I'm
such a good idea to do this people love
it
hello they're just looking for sharks
guys otters behind you
step over the thing do you see any
I think they're outside alright we're
now having a 4d experience are you ready
for a 4d experience right now so I'll
tell you when all right maybe have you
got yours on
Vivian has last year at the front
because we couldn't bring her up Vivian
is coming in very handy and will say we
didn't get lassie a glasses either give
the mermaid yes
well guys this is true
boys a big shark over there shark here
guys
what
it's cool
all right we have left SeaWorld having
an amazing time and we have come to zzs
and we're off to having another amazing
time or we have an amazing time
what SeaWorld good what was your
favorite part of SeaWorld guys Oh who's
your favorite part
No
and that was nice host Vivian's favorite
part the Sharks mine was this bit here I
also did not realize I don't know if you
guys can understand the scale of this hi
there's me there's that I I thought I
got confused with this place I'm Pizza
Express cuz I thought Rustica what's the
one that had the hole in the middle and
the salad no it did not
look at the size of that thing it's a
monster
what was your favorite part of SeaWorld
the Penguins were really cute I like the
Penguins Judge penguins right oh you
don't like me I don't get a little bit
of it
what was the worst thing about SeaWorld
party - he's not some B's all-party -
Eduardo or less yet he's all party - she
does - OLS yeah
and we are back we gotta get back on the
Underground's and we gotta get back in
the train back in the car and we're home
okay and as if by magic or a back in
London oh because we forgot last year
and so there's no trolls allowed beyond
this point Victoria Line
decided to take the baby out for this
gymnastics that is still underground all
right where are we going guys that's
cool
I get the big man he said
stroller gymnastics you are to none you
know mr. and hold on tight
we're back in London Victoria and we
have about 50 minutes ago a train and
we're gonna read the kids to the lush
shop here so we can get a bath bomb you
can get a robot bath bomb and a unicorn
bath bomb yeah now don't rush into lush
are you very nice
did you find it guys did you find the
bath bomb but it's still bubbling you
can find in wardo the last train of the
day guys
and then we just have to get in a car
and get on one more plane one more
elevator and then one more car journey
one more car journey home and it is like
a magic man we have arrived at home and
I chose another man asleep friends and I
think I may be actually asleep I'm not
sure I may be actually asleep but I'm
back to check out this show call
Marcella if you guys may have seen it I
don't know I just found it on a Netflix
looks good looks good
getting some Cal Chrisman crazy that's
be Saturday nights but yes I eat it
wasn't a vlog yesterday is in nine today
well I have to go to Birmingham so a
this morning is the crazy version I was
like look if I actually try and create a
video at the same time I won't be
neglecting everybody and I opted it but
I'm sure you guys understand Oh guys I
got some results by the way on Theo he
does not have Cushing's disease I think
she said they tested for Cushing's no
Cushing's and just no problem so far so
we think it is diabetes in fructose or
something I actually seen a few comments
of people who said it may be that you
are correct well we think you're correct
um so hopefully we're going to move on
to the stage and try and freedom for
that which just basically means it's
like what they call it's called diabetes
but you just you have diabetes he just
has this issue in his head where he just
has to drink water all the time I drink
water all the time
so I haven't fought this it's probably
not a frog this let's be honest anyway
that's it just wanted to have a formal
ending for you so we didn't just end the
video crazy day really enjoy Birmingham
the aquatic centers
you guys are burning him totally
recommend doing it was so I'm really
happy that we had to do some work today
and we turned it into a fun family day
I'm like that was a good idea I was like
that was a good one
well the idea we should do that more
often anyway taste watching tape man
thanks for being great thanks Rena
magnificent friend of mine Verity nice
I'll see you tomorrow
Trio
