listen to the melody and let yourself go
cz if you want it still feeling long
fight while your friends and a meatball
you know from Stassi Finley
good morning and welcome to this video
presentation yes I won't forget the
basket at the Easter hunt
yeah so we are going on an Easter hunt
not today not today
it's Jemima day it's the best day of the
week it's a mime at a school run it's a
Wednesday and we're going to the school
don't be a fool make sure not to drool
in school you want to go to school you
big fool do you like having car parties
in the morning
he does and the world√∂ from pressed
over whatever you do I know I said don't
do it with your mind the daughters of
Tyrael Academy for mad people Academy
for madness the madness Academy uh-uh
no what I thought this house was the
madness Academy what you think oh hey
more delicious eduardo mr. delicious is
her lady gonna sing songs now
no she have a guitar ah is it Madame
gazelle no is it daddy pig laughs is it
mummy pig yeah they toured pig now hills
ago let's just have in the morning you
know yourself know if you can get on a
call with me and the producer of the
show you know it's like you just have a
chat with them now before we kind of
commit to anything you know cuz I'm
pretty sure what people will do to show
some
roll
singing songs as we
yeah yeah use the party when they wake
up Joe well that's very nice of you
mine is plenty big chocolate cupcake
sauce what can it wired oh come to the
party bite into will you and then we'll
take a bow why not tell
bobby's lunchtime it's lunchtime for
daddy put the egg back so what are you
gonna make that e for lunch you're
making daddy peanuts I have a little
lunch today because you know it's date
night
Wow I mean how do you have to go in a
date oh is it not oh you a blogger oh
you since heard of a vlogger hello
everybody
whoa whoa this is crazy blogs Hey so I'm
having some smoked shaman lads YUM and a
bagel and I just feel like you know what
it needs it needs the cream dream the
cheese the extra mature cheese gotta be
extra mature sometimes I'll put avocado
paste on it but there's something wrong
with my avocado paste my avocado paste
is in the wrong form for me to have it
and I don't really have the time to
paste it up copy and paste it so we're
having just like this I am here with the
most beautiful girl they call me Prince
Prince Charlie literally didn't climb
that just came together nicely and it's
going to get her nails done
I'm just a chauffeur lads I'm just here
to drive and talk to you guys let's go
where to you ma'am we're supposed to be
going to this movie tonight cuz it's
date night 10 Cloverfield right I was
building an oppa bet I loved it off it's
not even out in art in England it's out
in like two days in England cuz everyone
in America I felt the Franco was talking
about it and I was like - is really good
and I remember Cloverfield was amazing
and I was like oh my god I sound so good
and I looked it up in the cinema and it
was like I was like ah why can't I pick
today there was like two days away we
can see London falling when we watch the
trailer for last week and I was like wow
let's go see this and then turn it that
wasn't it yeah that's it
but it might be crap don't hold it
against me
let's go for Drive
I have fun trying to lose the door to
car you don't want to be an older
sleeper to you oh my goodness how did
you guys get up there okay you got it
okay I'm gonna lift you up okay ready
okay order good did you have that these
camera yeah wait wait is it em who's
that hello who are you oh my god no
they're everywhere
boy settle down not seem value around me
Dave
do not and for some reason that's
sweetly the town is empty
that's what does everybody know that we
don't we're not privy to some
information it was like account
enhancement there aren't two it's let's
hunt okay right where are we going
are we feeling are we feeling I think
we're gonna go to present evening you
gotta finish till this is done
oh yeah so I looked up in all the movies
that where other options were just they
weren't interesting I'm really annoyed
about the 10 Cloverfield thing set in
two days so maybe we will go see it when
actually it does look really good and I
can't remember the actual original
Cloverfield movie though but it was a
party fell asleep made about me it was
pretty good it was pretty good
look at our cool little area and you
have ordered from this place so many
times so I've never gone to this bad
shot
unlike the experienced women so
different since a day what eight systems
just come in boxes it is quite nice
actually it's kind of like we wasn't in
the mood for like a bus wonder like a
no-fuss kind of situation this is a
no-fuss situation here
Johanna got this pasta dish and this is
all I got a bowl of Rakesh and say
things are lads just like to thank
thanks a lot oh so much food okay let's
go oh my goodness you know waiters like
pub crawls has anyone ever done a
restaurant crawl open car new chose now
another full section and then over there
just Italian Italian imagine that like
or else you get like go into one
restaurant oh my goodness imagine always
you're gonna one restaurant right and
you get an appetizer then you go to the
next restaurant and you got like a main
course then you go to oh by blood
forever
and then you get an X for each time you
have a different course in a different
place
run listen to me are the little guys I
would a tree thing our tree is pretty
cool actually
okay have you got if you got a brick or
something that works I think that would
be an amazing idea I think I
revolutionized food or just like okay
well what have you got like an appetizer
in each different restaurants I just
like sitting down and having like one
day that's just greedy I don't like big
meals though you know I eat em I we were
hoping to see today right I eat like
breakfast no midday lunch second midday
dinner and then snacks I eat a lot of
times during the day with each time it's
like not that much and I prepared that
rodder just like it's nice to sit down
like when doing it is necessarily sit
down let's we'll never get so pressure
all we need to digest and it's Happy
Valley right is what we do on our date
nights are the excitement over life we
go home watch Happy Valley so it's a
well show it's actually the best show on
television
moment okay friends
