morning friends what good morning
friends it's Friday Friday we've come up
we've come to look at all the doggies
how does it mean you're gonna fit in
there it's dougie Dion's but it's not
mini today I made a baby oh no no no no
no everybody you see all the buggies
no I know mmm-hmm
say bye doggy friends have fun at school
froggy friends my everyone's gonna
school
Oh for me Donnelly upset
did you know you're only allowed crying
your birthday mania gives your birthday
wait did you are just part a you know
how old the world is gonna be hell is
water gonna be is he gonna be - he's
gonna be - for ya do you know what's
happening after it where does birthday
remember yeah so we gonna cheer up we
gonna cheer up cuz it's Friday oh my
goodness kids are so funny
she got so upset like cuz she saw Helen
taking her dogs away and I think she
just got I was in her head that we were
like the dogs were gone now forever or
something she's really emotional upset
and we got into school and just as you
open the door and there's like okay if I
I mean it and all like two or three over
little girl friends came enough to her
and they were hugging herself and I was
like that is so nice like there's so
empathetic about age like they're like
oh hi Mimi oh what's wrong
oh my goodness friend hits workout time
Friday workout sides you have to put in
extra effort cuz you know you got the
weekend I got a couple of Easter eggs I
got my name on them
I'll do extra work at it's for extra key
strikes that'll work out harder at
Easter so you can eat more Easter eggs
what you going to be doing in here just
having chats inviting me here yes you
see on a snapchat repellent hurry
Tunisia Jupiter face and all Irish so
Edouard is gonna make me a copy
put your color this one we're gonna need
one of these put that in here no mMmmm
right put it in there put in there big
push yeah press this button no no no
this button nice and now wait there have
to get a call good boy
now we wait a second oh it's okay it's
not gonna get you so apparently Eduardo
save of a coffee machine you gonna put
your finger you want to get into the
coffee machine
oh you're hilarious so this is a
businessman here he's in the car would
college here and also in Trent
University Nottingham University and is
asked to interview me today and being a
nice person that I am I said I would do
it he's also paying me I just dropped in
it now you know you have to pay me I can
get you a coffee
oh no high roller here
no friends look who I found wandering
the streets what kind of a face for that
so it came in and me didn't want to go
home today you're playing with all your
friends when you know at your table with
all your toys I mean it's got the crazy
Fridays feeling the gravy fried you mean
that crazy find a feeling we've to go
shopping for mommy we have to get the
basics did you get on that that's we
need to get do you they don't stay
cherries on them but the Sun stream you
think yeah okay okay thank you
okay I'll take these recommend shopping
would I mean the and she's quick
efficient or proficient even do you
you're a good little shopper no this one
over here
so what he spilt the milk oh you like
the bits or do you like when I forget
I'm a fan of the bits you think we're we
have to bet with
oh sorry
well that aligns with the bit so we'll
get to I don't think we need yogurt I
think what's good on yogurt do you know
if that's the one we got I know uptime
what's this one I don't know I don't
only know I'm just I'm just I just buy
two things what have you stolen darielis
darielis Junkers
we are back in the car remember remember
last night you had all your dinner like
a good girl for daddy
you are such a good girl aren't you
mm-hmm
why do I was naughty but then he was a
good boy he had to go to the naughty
step for a while didn't he yeah
immediate doesn't go to naughty step
anymore does she doesn't mean he's a
good girl all the time Eduardo is going
through a phase
welcome to the terrible twos you know
Eduardo's chocolate pudding but yeah
they're each tale
hey now Eduardo has reached to know they
can walk they can talk they know what
they like they know what they don't like
the demands have
so as you guys know wow we're gonna play
list in a couple of weeks we're gonna
Florida or lino and we're gonna hear up
this new world and we figured it would
be a whole lot of fun if Anna's mom and
her sister Margaret and Erica were to
come with us we're gonna be staying in a
house um in Florida
rather than staying in a hotel because
they just figure was better with the
kids and everything and there's enough
space to bring other people so we kept
saying it's Anna's mom and like booked
flights and come on each come Florida
she's like I don't know I should or not
so I'm we've just booked the flights and
we're gonna get a media to FaceTime her
now and tell her the flights are booked
you're coming to Orlando she reacts tell
her again me-sa
Amelia has something to tell you really
important you packed your books no no do
you mean do you mean to say you not our
flight Oh
too late it's done okay bye we got you
Disney tickets as well - you did use
that when you were a baby you remember
being a baby we are looking for a marker
and then we can do it together right
under here hmm you should do a big one
look a 601 1,500 when I'm telling my
little story I don't know if I've done
it but if I find I have a whiteboard and
I thought it'd be cool be cool visuals
Oh
oh my god so I'm hoping there might be a
marker in here I can actually do that
all right we have found a whiteboard our
sorry a marker hi
you found a marker and then I'm just
gonna take this white bear oops
honestly guys to be completely honest I
really thought about deleting that clip
from yesterday one cuz sometimes it's
really hard you know it's really you put
your vulnerabilities out on the internet
for millions of people to see
and I know that like there's going to be
people out there that are gonna take
advantage of my vulnerability when I
admit something and they're gonna twist
it and turn in just a really stupid
things about me you know it's just gonna
hurt my feelings but at the same time I
know there's a lot of people out there
that I'm going to shine a light on I'm
gonna say they're gonna hear me say the
right thing at the right time and you
know what I mean that's worth it then
you know like if part of it I need to be
victimized in order to get my message to
a person who needs it the most at the
right time then I guess it's worth it
you know
boom boom copy time hey know what my
path like the one staff I need tonight
who is interested in having a bad time
who's interested in a bad time
Oh mommy interested in the bath time Co
one at a time right
alright come on we gotta go have a bath
that it is now friends
