hello time to go never sleep another
though I'm gonna let it go before you
see mommy
I'll slip on out the door before you see
my face good morning Fred you guys this
is last night yeah no no I missed you
guys
pretty good sorry gonna get that now
he's gonna get all whoa cool can you do
that wait oh oh oh
when I was younger what we see is we see
got like either in sleeping bag or one
of those pillowcases and you climb into
it and you like flight under the stairs
and look 90 miles an hour and smash into
the wall I thought I was I thought it
was the foot look at these them can you
see them there you see them there and
she she guys are hanging out there's
like monkeys
yeah leave comments and you guys do that
slide any tears or jumping in this edge
game I apologize even realize what I was
doing to my parents
what are you saying you telling okay
right up to the door hello
Oh would you Marco have a nice Nespresso
glass ah that's to be very careful with
that Eduardo leave immediate re to be
careful you're a good sister huh monkey
can't break it yo why you remember
boobies for it don't touch my movies I
see a cache what a red car red car hey I
see a red car as well does why do see a
red car
oh why does JQ this copy oh no oh yeah
there is a cluster master I can't marry
miss try and run aw clap
is it a mystery what I look white Oh tis
a mystery of the Lost glove denne denne
denne
this call for special agent yeah
I'm special agent we are
mystery solvers we're mystery solvers
mystery solvers
we're mystery solvers we solve the
mysteries mysteries don't have anything
on us we are the mystery solvers
I read so many comments and questions
about why I changed the format of the
videos and it's going to sound crazy and
insane the reason why I did it but I'm
gonna tell you a story and it's gonna
sound ridiculous but this is the reason
why I changed how I was expressing
myself creatively
let me just wind a little bit for you
guys if you don't know me as well as
some of you do when I was in school as a
kid I never really fitted in I never
really understood why I didn't fit in
but I just knew I didn't fit in a lot of
the other kids in my class
knew I didn't fit in either so I was
looking easy targets and at the same
time my parents we're not getting along
very well so they would also pick on me
too and I didn't really have a lot of
friends and I turned to the only sort of
escape that I had which was my mind I
created a world for myself to sort of
retreat into and live in and I kind of
shut down as a person for about four or
five years my teacher started to notice
that this was happening to me and my
parents started to notice this happening
to me so eventually got taken out of
school and put into this other school
which was for children with emotional
difficulties I spent about four years in
that school and then eventually moved
back into mainstream school and it
worked it was cool from like the age of
about fourteen all the way up until 7080
when I left school I was so sure I had
lots of friends they used to go to
parties all the time I lost girlfriends
I just I don't know a really good thing
and I kind of forgot about the fact that
I had a lot of mental health problems
after I left school I sort of wondered
for a while I didn't really know what I
wanted to do with myself I had a lot of
pressure about what I should do but what
I wanted to do was really far away from
what I should do so I made a really big
and strong decision to leave my life and
try and start again I moved to a new
town eventually I started making friends
and eventually I started socializing
again and and again it was almost like I
was back in school I've kind of
forgotten about a lot of the sort of
mental health problems I had and then I
started making videos on YouTube I did
it for a month in oh you week in a year
and another year and then I got engaged
and had a child and we had another child
and moved
kay these are great my career is great
my family is great my everything was
great but I was kind of neglecting me
throughout my most of my life
Jonathan was never really in control of
Jonathan because not I didn't have a lot
of belief on letting Jonathan you know
go out there and sort of make decisions
for me two months ago on our way to
Ireland I actually had like a panic
attack in the airport it was probably
the most scariest thing I've ever
experienced in my life um we just got
through security and Anna was there with
me and we went into Pratt and Amelie and
Eduardo over there and I was just
overcome with this feeling of I didn't
even know what's happening I just needed
to get out of there and I just pick up
my phone I said was like I just I just
need to go and I was just shaking and I
just I just ran right away I basically
just ran away I just thought like how
what am i doing sitting here in airport
having a panic attack when we eventually
got back to the UK my was like I need to
do something about this you know I need
help
I've been kind of seeing that person for
a while now and I saw her this morning
and you know during today's session I
felt like we gotten to the point where I
was I had overcome what the problem was
it doesn't sound like it's a real thing
but it is a real thing it affected me
physically it affected me mentally and
affected me emotionally
it affected my relationships my job my
ability to care for my children and
affected everything about my life it
wasn't for the fact that I was able to
go and get help and talk to somebody and
just talking to somebody openly and
honestly just made such a difference
you know so I'm just that's why I just
thought I would share the story with you
and hope that maybe maybe I can help
someone else you know what was bad
we're all in this crazy world together
friends you know rolling this together
hello from the fridge side
he's the milk he's hold white Eduardo
drinks his milk so nice what boys
uptight
sorry he just saw it and he grabbed it
that it's apatite word oh you're getting
me trouble hmm
huh Kars no monkey man get me in trouble
anyway it's nearly dinnertime Eduardo
the dogs all got haircuts today and they
smell really nice
Nevaeh oh you're so pretty Nevaeh it's
so pretty
new nice movies mmm you look nervous
oh yeah yes we have over here hey Bianca
Navy who's this Theo Theo looks like he
has a perm look at his hair Justina over
there I'll be strong around here so
harder is there a bee oh pretty heavy
there's a media princess oh oh no oh you
come for hugs you come to get daddy a
hug huh you missed me
you guys ready for Dindin yeah Wiggins
you didn't why do you want to set the
table put your place my time yeah I just
play you just played yes we do need said
to myself okay you show that why don't
you go help nah I'm gonna paint that you
can play with Daddy
nah okay you love daddy
okay well why would you get the mats for
me mom can you Daffy yeah oh yeah
hey are we best friends it's either time
dinner time dinner dinner dinner time
kid or daddy's gonna go and eat dinner
on you and you won't have a dinner and
you will be hungry and you go to bed and
you'll be hurry and cold in astronomy
night oh where does it what does it like
it is it maybe I like it me a sure why
do I like to eat like a pig girl Annie
it's a big girl never be her own dinner
well I like that do it daddy do it
Oh Oh what it is now you know that this
little fella unless it a month
oh yeah it's gonna be - you're gonna be
a two-year-old we have a two-year-old in
it zero what Mars gonna be a
two-year-old huh nutrition me the Dwyers
gonna be - oh jeez
ha Jerri that feckin pregnant ah any
more babies huh we're not gonna be too
left what yeah hey bud I want to say bye
friends
rocks my minds we must go because
tomorrow is coming soon don't be late
we can't figure something else okay
we took a pregnancy test Anna took a
pregnancy test when I say we I mean Anna
took a pregnancy that I peed on a stick
and I don't understand your results okay
this is what would happen if you did
that we try it can you see this I don't
know if you can see it can you press so
we took the test right but look the
first day and the first thing here this
little guy here doesn't show up nothing
shows up on the thing you know and it
says like anything not very yeah I know
what does that even mean how does not
work we don't bloody have another one
though so we can't like retest now oh
it's so light but I'm like oh my
goodness what does that even mean Jim
we're going through this to the duardo
trimmer that time eduardo we had that
one at the window we tall we can see
like half a thing on it river what does
this mean friends means it didn't work I
think does it mean that you're too
pregnant no you're pregnant and it's
just not working at all I think it means
I have to take another one and then we
looked up this exam we're like what does
I mean we checked the ovulation thing
and then at things like telling all
sorts of stories the selling lies it's
telling like oh yeah between this one to
this week but then like oh did array
that month oh well if arranged that
month it's like what is it anyway which
is look and they're never totally China
with you because I was like I don't know
I've no idea what that even means never
got one never gonna for two kids later
six dogs Xena
okay here I'll see you guys tomorrow
friends if that's ever happened to you
let us know
