does not know I need the Sun to shine
illuminating its melancholy sadness
downer friends are
he does the rain not no good morning
friends we are in Amelia's room and
apparently Amelia has fallen asleep
oh no I mean des has fallen asleep what
are we gonna do yeah she fell asleep
yeah did you jump on her
hello everybody my name is Terry the
tingle shock
you know I'm gonna go see what my trap
all right all right
it is a Monday morning there's schools
there swimming there's activities
there's so much to do
Madeline attend guys did you realize we
have to go to school and things
it's always one dog rat probably wonder
oh hi there are you enjoying your
barking this morning let's go to school
today friends it feels like spring has
sprung and blinded us all are you
hopping hop hop hop little bunny what
that is impressive
alright that is impressive stuff you are
pretty much the hopper is hoppy I know
that is pretty good skills this year so
far I have not gone out on bike friends
I've not gone on a bike for an adventure
and one of the things I'll say the loose
it's like we're all in Sam Hill training
that we're doing
I know I've increased my fitness and
strange is very impressive but I wanted
someone to like you know I was like ah
ah I need to like create like a control
so I know the difference and I know my
ability of biking I know Surry Hills and
everything so I'm gonna hopefully try
and get out in Surry Hills today in a
bike and I'll be able to see if there's
much of a difference I'm in a boyfriend
so long I'm actually looking forward to
it are you looking forward to it yeah
you'll be in school okay you can play
golf and when I'm full you want to play
golf and Zoe's house tomorrow yeah women
but when you're 4 right sounds like a
deal sounds like a plan mate you know
pop
seojun's we got for our Monday morning
school run away hello my name is daddy
shadow this is my friend Amelia shadow
can you wave Amelia shadow what hello
hello look at our shadows don't step on
my shadow
hello Eduardo where you going you go
swimming yeah what are you doing you
carry me or I carry you
we tried it for a swimming caste time
yeah you're gonna make splashes no
splashing in the bath but you can smash
in the pool that's the rules
all right now where is pike friends
hello bike friend it's been a while
how are the tires how's the winter beam
as the winter beam so I have too many
bikes I have this guy here which is a
hardtail this is like you serve me
plenty in my Irish mountaineering days
this guy here is a full suspension chain
is long she got bad I'm gonna Lube it up
though before I take it out tires are a
bit squishy like you've done some air
and it is off on an adventurer I love
your car it always smells so good
because you never drive it so it's like
a forever new car what it is it's like a
forever new car or difficult get your
name engraved in the back but we could
get that done it's pretty it's pretty
close I'm being bold I'll get some tunes
you know I'll have fun hopefully I will
see you again after my mental
misadventure yeah
okay I am back and as always I have
absolutely no time left
guess who's back back again me Leo's
back like our hand what are you doing
what are you doing you trying to get
shoes off so Jeff won in school today
what mischief and mayhem did you get up
to what are you doing why is your sock
off
oh my god this okay the shoes that come
off now the socks have also come off
well shoeless and we're sockless do I
you are such a mother you are a monkey
Eduardo got a swimming badge today over
here oh okay Eduardo got today you won
an award and you got a badge for being a
special swimmer you could win one of
those Awards in certificates do you keep
up your swimming yeah showers have been
had a wire dos have been cost
we're walking past and he saw me when I
gotta go in and say hello for mommy
four little monkeys jumping on the bed
tell me
well done right oh oh mama called the
doctor
move back family right we're gonna say
night-night hey I got me adjust so
there's some sort of a princess dinner
going on here princess Edoardo princess
Oh princess what princess honor and or
you princess Elsa and who are you
princess Cinderella are you out sir are
you having some sort of a princess party
wow you do have a skirt project you have
a skirt - a princess skirt so we're
doing some clay dough and we've made
Ariel a nice dress oh hello wear it up
Eduardo Eduardo okay Mia
excuse me a moment excuse me mr. Ono I
know there's another one coming there's
another one coming
none of one bites the dust another one
bites the dust yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah you there oh geez oh geez watch out
for the dragon what's the meaning of all
of this
look at these two little munchkins huh
okay these two little munchkins huh
little munchkin Messrs all right friends
we're gonna get out of here I have a
super early start I'm going to Luton
tomorrow I always thought Luton was
London spelt wrong I didn't realise a
place okay I'm doing some industry talk
thing tomorrow you guys are kind of
coming it'll be fun
I gotta leave like super early tomorrow
morning so I gotta I gotta put this I
gotta put these two bad
close the curtain theater curtain let's
see you tomorrow bye
