hello there friends hello all
professional youtuber well I just wanted
to a prank on Eduardo I came for the
camera
you didn't do a little chocolate prank
though she's done that a few times where
she just came in in the morning and told
Eduardo things to get him out of bed and
it always works
oh she's a prankster who dinner hey guys
Amelia's a prankster guys alright wardo
do you want to come to school eyo you're
gonna be late for school the school bus
is leaving without you
climb aboard daddy Express did you do
okay
we're grandmas that would have been a
rubble
hi unless er look who I found
I find your big bro taking over the show
hey forbidden item for Biden all right
mr. Eduardo
you
save them with no destination
Romeo the notion singing where
so the morning lndia's having a
completely new flavor that she's never
had before she's having what are you
happy you know do you know what you're
having she's having her porridge like
usual with raisin and Apple so she's had
uncle before obviously but she's never
had raisin and she loves that and I
happen to think that reason look looks
tastes really nice in porridge anyway I
just think it's a really nice
combination yeah i meanyeah does not
like porridge but you used to when you
were her age so Theo is coming on the
school run this morning this deal has to
go to the vets very early this morning
he's getting some tests done because he
keeps drinking water and peeing a
million times a day huh wasn't exciting
and really gets to bring in huh he's
gonna school with you guys today boys
wanted to walk a dog get to school all
the kids are going to school today all
the kids going to school today
come on Theo let's catch up and the
school room with the O has been
completed they were so excited oh my
goodness I picked them up because I
didn't want him walking around but like
all the kids friends were like oh you
kind of forget it I'm so used to being
around six little dogs all the time but
did you draw a lot of attention no was
she good that it was Theo because he's
very very dohsa he's very very good for
kids teachers like oh my god I was like
yeah this is a media show-and-tell today
all right all right Theodore now you may
recognize who you are
panic it's all gonna be okay
all right I'm just gonna puppy in here
get some tests done how are you buddy
hiya buddy I'm going into London okay do
you be a good girl you're going pop are
you going on a little playdate
maybe no no other babies here good girl
I know hello there we are there we are
pretty girl so we're gonna get dressed
now and I have a nappy change so I don't
know if we're gonna be staying for lunch
I think it might run into lunch so I
think I might pack
oh I'm debating whether to take some of
her purees because they're all frozen
and sometimes the restaurants like won't
defrost stuff for you or won't like heat
up stuff for you just it's just their
policy which can be really annoying like
if you don't do the pass so before I've
done like pouches and stuff and it's
been fine but she doesn't like pouches
she just doesn't like any she's a snob
basically she doesn't like any food
except for homemade she's okay with like
fruit stuff that's pouches but not like
we tried all this in the book tour and
like it just didn't work so okay let's
pick an outfit for her and get all ready
cuz otherwise I'm gonna be really late I
Londyn got a cost coffee
I left a main vlog at home and on it so
I ordered a second no because I feel
like I was making a good effort of doing
lots of vlogging
this year so far she made a resolution
that she was gonna blogs more this year
so I think I ordered a second one so we
can be more inclusive but plus I'm in
London today I've got lots of meeting
his boring stuff then are you guys I'm
not interested in you more interested in
seeing funny family stuff so I think
Anna's going to do some fun family stuff
what I do all the boring stuff but I
have coffee haven't left yet bit of a
crisis straight away mecaenas car seat
was moldy it was in the garage and it
was not like terrible but there was some
mold on its way to clean itself
there's always something isn't there
also it tells you how long she's been in
her car seat 4 which is yeah we're
getting it now that's all that matters
so we have come to Priory farm with
Laura who's - getting our food but
it is here and we're having some lunch I
brought her puree well it's not gonna
puree anymore it's kind of just mashed
up food this is sausage and sweet potato
and leeks and creamy sauce and she loves
it as an experiment
tuna mayonnaise and cucumber sandwich on
granary wait you can have some my bread
if you want joint some she wants some
more food I was gonna get them to heat
it up or like bring a pot of hot water
but she's too hungry she doesn't want to
wait so she's having it kind of cold I
think it's like yeah it's cold it's cold
sorry
so Norris back our food has come I got a
tuna or I told you guys what I was
getting this unit sandwich it was so
good and she got a bacon and she can
amazing kind of jealous I didn't get
that one
I'm a bit jealous I know s he was having
this but she doesn't like the lump
she's just decided she doesn't like the
sausage like random this place is so
nice they have like an outdoor area and
like the kids have come here quite a lot
but you're a little bit too slow on that
need to throw a little bit more wait
until the Sun yeah you'll see this
summer she's not even been on a swing
yet it seems so cold you might to stop
take her out we just got Eduardo from
school and I made it just in the nick of
nick nick nick of time whatever the
phrase and unless you had a poo nappy so
like it was kind of an emergency but i
had to do it I had to do it when I was
at the school I had to open the door and
then change her nappy I I had to do it
incognito like with the door open but it
was fine we got there in the end
and I got this beautiful orchid from
Laura which was so nice of her she got
it for me for my birthday which was ages
ago
I think she might have got a new one cuz
she said she had a present for me ages
ago and we just never got the chance to
meet off but right I need to get rid of
this Pooh not be morning I had to bring
a meeting to re-skill right and then I
was bringing adversative Theo's to the
vets I think I'm stuck in so much
traffic because today in our town has
been a so while the bin trucks were out
and I barely made it to the vets and
then I go and talk to the nurse and drop
Theo in by the time I got back that I
was like I don't even like ten minutes
to go before Italy to get the train so
when he grabbed the coffee and a quick
like granola bar and I was hungry so
anyway Marla story is I went to get
little mac whereas in the shop or Saudis
Turkish tights and then remember we were
talking about this the other day about
Helen I love Turkish lights but Anna
hates them and I was like oh my goodness
I'm gonna get some and see if the kids
actually like Turkish you like leave
comments below you love it or do you
hate it
also I decided to get naked sometimes
you just have to get naked okay
heading home now if the train if just
train me I will head home
okay so Eduardo and I are gonna bake
brownies
why are you calling it that
Oh cute it's Irish look from Ireland
where you were born super food home base
that's the brownie mix that we're going
to use we need this 200 grams of this go
to smell
you want to put it in chocolate chips
gonna put it in good oh that nice
Aykroyd oh yeah look at his audience Wow
fine look at wardo you've got some
little friends watching you you see look
they're jealous
all right so by Stephan Eduardo were
heading to rugby Eduardo can run really
fast because he has new socks ease but
he's super fast that he has super fast
socks and the big boy rope he's already
kicked off over there so you gotta be
fast you want to go that way I don't
know
there could be something scary that way
weirdo and what do you watch an iPad
what are you not allowed watching your
iPad clowns what is not allowed watch
those clowns videos he keeps finding
there are two scariest stupid city
Pennywise videos they are scary for you
because you have nightmares about them
you keep watching them we're having
dinner slightly later just because um it
wardo got back later from rugby and
we're all having fish fingers well let
me and daddy are having like normal fish
and peas and broccoli in coconut cream
Alessia loves it me I go where are we
going and I was coming to yes guys we
are going to collect Theodore Roosevelt
hey okay daddy's car I bet you come here
to me give you a wallop and wombat guys
look at the car in the floor well it's a
Land Rover car
it's a pearl I think it's coming out of
here you look
these are loads of mysteries worried in
magic in your class mysteries in your
class all right boys and girls welcome
to the vets care for the road is a road
there welcome to the vets go this way
please go this way now you have to be
really nice
you have to be really nice to see oh
okay hmm cats up there hey guys it's
really nice to feel when you see him
okay
yeah because he might be really scary
because he's had a tough day what no
it's not vo you have to keep an eye on I
think he was gonna come from down there
which is your favorite one guys the one
in the calendar with the glasses yeah
look at this dankey he's that kind of
thing this little cash hottie
his name is Tabasco who is a lizard
maybe that's his ear look who it is
with the bat I'm just gonna take you
with me and then I'll go for everything
with you just gonna just check with the
device what let's be serious we gots
Rufio sure so we're still the fastest
still not 100% sure what is wrong with
Theo he just keeps drinking like all the
water and peeing all the time so we've
done like this is the fifth or sixth
test that we've done but today was like
a big one it was like Bloods and we kept
him in all day long
hopefully we figured out what it is but
everything came back negative what was
they just trying to find out what's
wrong with Theodore so we're gonna try
him on antibiotics for a week see if
it's a kidney infection I talked about
something like to do with them
did you it's like it's in his head like
he's missing a hormone in his brain
which is making him panic drink water
and then the peeing is just because he's
drinking so much water
exactly so hopefully that's all it is
but um yeah we'll put them in X try out
let's see if that works let's go home
