now you make up there one day
so from you try to get you mean
everybody ice we have a secret surprise
so maybe tomorrow made some special
Mother's Day card this is it one those
one second please
Anna come here with you for a sec I
don't know mama
we love Kate and yours has pasta Kelly
makes a move on Thursday oh ho animate
brownies yeah he and my Pete no oh hi
friend Melia is making a rages claims
like she invented the question mark
she's claiming that she can bring
scooters and bikes and things with her
so I said in order to prove yourself
you're gonna need to do two tests show
me you got the skills to pay the bills
Hetal all right push one foot down yeah
yeah yeah go go keep going
Oh innovation yeah push you push one
foot down and then the other foot how's
it being pedal
put your foot down push your foot down
push your foot then Wow push your foot
down come on come on come on come on yes
yes yes yes keep going do it again
you got it
oh okay backwards is good come on push
your foot down push your foot down you
push this foot down oh and then this for
ten and then this for ten and then this
for ten
come on keep going keep going you almost
have it a 2 2 1 2 1 2 come on can you
feel bad
hello guys do you know where we are we
are at the park and amelia is going to
show us all how to scoot
I'll push right up
yeah
so I've just been informed that I now
have to carry the scooter so is it just
is it just like bringing into the park
is the achievements not actually going
on it oh yeah it you guys remember I was
trying to splash the kids in that last
time
well months ago come on let's go when
you were four oh do I need to carry this
now oh you're gonna walk well let's see
if we can put this in here like this we
have found a little sort of an incline
cycling track thing here this might work
well is that better is that easier yeah
okay that is a big hill here you have to
be careful under hill okay that's that's
one way of scooting but it's not the
official way yeah like it just scooting
along like a little scooter
hey scooter that's what we're gonna call
you wait there wait there wait there see
immediate right
call the scooter dad and part two of
today's chore situation runners ago I'm
anything has fallen off all right guys
just the basics couple of these
okay we are home so I got just the bare
essentials I just checked my messages as
I walked in the door
would you want to do with the edge you
want to eat the egg how do you even know
that that's a chocolate egg okay hmm I
didn't even know how did kids even know
what he says our chocolate egg um two
chocolate egg wash ah hey hey come back
just listen rocky I can blast thank you
oh good morning mister man no morning
again don't lick me don't lick your
father huh Oh me either don't lick me or
Eve me okay so it's about oh four hours
five hours maybe since we last spoke
what have you been up to you know that
we've been doing stuff in vain things
and things and then wardo our own
obstacle Mina and Anna have baked
brownies I believe I can see Oh dad you
going up don't be a lip butter huh sit
down you're giving me a haircut can I
have a haircut please oh thank you I may
be a shave a trim thank you
oh hey guys it's all out here I just saw
that puppy insane oh so this is my baby
why tell me why don't you I've way back
haha hey that's my nose that's the nose
ha thank you there do people know it's
for now we've talked about this girl bad
news it's rude to take a snowman snooze
commence mochi how do we get out we
actually got in here do you know the
area that's bit of a drop a bit of a
drop wardo then then wouldn't fun in
here like oh no no no it turned into
some sort of a split situation what if
we just go for it what if I just go for
a her douche when I go for a head use
yeah we got our freedom we're free we
smell cookies yeah did you guys make
cookies smells amazing no thank you
what is it yeah mm-hmm is this one I
made you make this is my one happy
mother-in-laws day choices choices
choices friends so a few days ago maybe
a week ago I started as competition and
to do some logo design stuff I don't
even really talk it on in here but it's
on this side what's on this side they're
called 99designs calm and it's pretty
cool because you you set like a prize so
I made at 600 pounds and another state
to pay for self-respect 600 quid that
you win
and then everyone gets an opportunity
and everyone like submits and their ders
ders how many is there
I got 168 designed to enter also I
haven't actually started using this
camera right away
and I actually gotten leveraged at the
22 for 11 because there's no eye
stability on it and then I just haven't
got around to start vlogging yet because
I feel like it's a balance between
accessibility and quality and I still
think it may be the pocket cameras are
best so that's my dilemma which one did
who won who won is 160 I think I have
three weeks to decide so me and Eduardo
are coming here on the back or not gonna
help me run the back yeah camera one
here
what's happening here why's happening
here huh do i oh oh the pressure the
pressure Russia does the crusher oh here
comes the crusher
Ozzy we're not we're not doing good job
were in the bath right oh oh goodness oh
goodness all goodness miss me did you
have a nice bath Eduardo which hair
watching night do you know what hair
watching night means wow yeah
tonight we're reading what the lady Bird
said we're reading it myself once upon a
farm lived away a dump in a pond oh my
back OH my cat meows and a cat cat purrs
and a fine pastime but a ladybird stay
back
okay we've met we've now regrets with
the bog in the tent all right before we
continue let's say goodnight to our
friends say bye say bye friends no my
friends thanks for watching I will see
you tomorrow
