try to understand nothing goes is
playing just work out who you wanna be
God is gonna pray gonna make mistakes
you got to close your eyes and breathe
good morning it's a Friday morning we're
watching some iPad alysha's video you're
watching else's videos what's his Huerta
watching
Oh peppers videos he's not actually
happened in a while because sometimes
they go into each other but uh we should
probably take him out of the bars and
Nevada gandma he could all go to every
wrong you don't know what it was like it
was like three o'clock in the morning he
was like one ran in circles playing with
all his toys just wasn't stay in the bed
he's a different he's a different breed
to this thing here um what's this footer
of my head for why is there fun of my
head guys why is there two feet on my
head
Little Miss slowpoke over here it's too
slow
look it's five past nine still having
breakfast
well that means you'd have to do in
earlier though breakfast cream like
seven and normally yeah you'd have to
drop in early if you get the breakfast
like it is an option
will you eat your breakfast no just take
the last bite anything happening on
Sunday
I do apologize all the headphone users
out there you are now deaf
but someday we have to do while it
birthday I think before we get busy
I'm not sure well I did laughing we
didn't go to get a yeah no we're gonna
Disney World
next month oh my goodness that's next
month we're going to Disney World next
month oh my goodness I didn't even think
about that
good morning from Disney World where
does eating a foot this is the keeper of
Disney World you wanna meet Anna Elsa
mainly wants to be a princess if she
grows up
okay nobody forget but we're at Disney
you wanna meet Alison all right yeah
okay randomly lads that song was not on
a second ago can you see it wardo
all right today
say cheese oh are you going to the ball
what princess do you want to meet first
sing la Cinderella
okay these are gonna be noted down who
do you want to meet second ah Bell okay
and then you want to meet after Bell and
a rap Aurora
who's your favorite princess um oh uh
again on that uh-huh
come on let's get ready to go let's get
ready school
it is 923 literally you're already back
home
oh is it media sleep oh I think Amelia
might have fallen asleep on the drive
oh I'll just leave her here then will I
yeah I'll just leave her hair okay I
better go okay like you I returned I
have returned to sender I think today
might be legitimately spring I think
spring has sprung my friends and now I'm
excited about Springs running springy
spring hello so um Anna went and got
loads of new dogs these are all our dogs
now we're gonna trade these ones in is
there a trade problem you drop some off
and collect other ones Oh take this one
okay okay oh look at this guy what's
that called a French Bulldog French Jew
lapel Jonathan have fun everybody I had
Alvie was off the leash listen he was
drowning oh my goodness
you running in the sunshine he dances
like the sunshine oh come on super
excitement excitement oh my goodness all
those doggies are so cute oh that spring
looks like it is sprung but it's still
really I've also gotten myself into this
situation I mean let's try to push it
every single sash we try and push it
harder and I like love the pushing of
the Hartness if I'll fall I break I
bring this on myself I don't know what
to blame hello
what's here oh oh it's open it's just so
happy
don't do it haha but I want to eat that
cupcake
is that a lot I'd have a cookie and you
were eating cookies for burpees the
other day
yeah absolutely that's we got having
incentive to be burpees so I would get a
lotta I would get a lot of cookies yeah
we get a lot of cookies I was telling
that I made a terrible mistake about the
16 always chasing I'm saying that in
this more times like what if I committed
to I don't know I know I changed my mind
all right cool a this is that it's the
playlist I would go to right away
friends okay hello from the fridge why
dodo a cupcake that's not a real cupcake
okay don't take outrage if you take that
out the fridge every well done mr. man
ah Tech's massage frame Scambler it's
Friday
I got the Friday feeling uh guys what
are you doing in here and her friends
were that Shh
careful it's fragile that's a surprise
for mommy
mostly bright spells for London this
afternoon highs at nine
Hey Vangie and we are
and we're home
oh you got a car - these came from and
his mom
Irish roses oh you didn't eat you did an
E and eyes I see an A Wow I will okay
get these for you here now I know how
these things work
oh my goodness oh come on get a tissue
in there that's so cute that looks like
she actually did it though
Eduardo gave me lovely things to did
they both did
thank you mmm you're the best little
children are you very careful that you
should say that well when we build our
house we should put that in like the
bathroom or something like Jonas is that
you what and is that me yeah how come I
didn't get at a tile 400 and Eduardo is
it an alien Eduardo mommy yeah let me
that's Eduardo there that's a flower I
think is it yeah wow that's amazing
this is mommy should I show you what why
don't wait for me
see whoa he's a cool dude huh
oh yeah he's nickers let me put them
here safe and then he made me a bookmark
bookmark
oh sure with his hand wire to make that
as well mm-hmm
Marta was a busy boy huh
we can put down friendly make together
it wasn't a lot of options for dad
because somebody is older so we found
these L fellows here there was a couple
there was like two we're gonna get some
avocado yeah and some tomato hot it is a
little hard for this album because the
salad loves you what does this lap and
you do a fish face
what flavor will make it mmm braver do
you think let me stop them strawberry
flavored chicken I don't think anyone's
ever had strawberry flavored chicken you
might be onto something here you might
have cracked the code of flavor it seems
a bit stingy but this is what we have to
work with we'll make it work work work
work work
imma gonna work work work work work
we're gonna need some light
maybe a fan so did a job here are you
gonna do oh my goodness talking oh oh oh
my goodness I'm gonna need a little
squint sheepish hmm a little bit of
olive oil I can grab them I have a pink
house fall away and and there's Marlo I
have Marlo dog your favorite even okay
friends we are playing that evil game it
is a Friday we've already given the kids
a nice good old healthy dinner and now
I'm just bringing into the bed and we're
waiting for oh oh oh right no can't
possibly do all that where is it where
is it okay so it's order it's in prep
all right it's in prep we can do this
all right mrs. Magoo it is trying to
vacate the premises
oh it was upstairs on the iPad by the
way drawers upstairs on your iPad is
that okay with you you don't mind it
Eduardo's on your iPad don't judge I use
what I can oh is he oh hey I've got a
fun game but no girl cook cook cook cook
I've such a fun game oh no the battery
must have just don't go buddy a little
fella where's your under friend Michael
go go go go go go bats run wing why
don't you know where is he yeah straight
to the box okay Oh waters thrown
everything in ha ha bat has been
completed just putting on the nappy this
could
book time till the turtle knows what
it's like to be different so he goes on
a mission to help others believe in
themselves and to break out of their
shells - sounds like a good book with a
good message Wow
we're turn the light night wardo and
what do you think he then started to
shrink and he got smaller stops don't
don't be stumped and smaller hello and
that is how it is done friends I got the
pizza the kids are asleep it all worked
out
pizza party Friday night pizza party
Friday night the sticky pizza party when
you million already get older Amelia
Amelia our dough get older and watch
these videos back and realize that we
betrayed them by having secret pizza
party Friday nights just know that
you're going to betray me plenty when
you get over so we'll call this even
Stevens let's get out of here see you
Tom
you
