we've gotta keep this dream we've gotta
keep this dream we've gotta keep this
dream
you and me we were gonna be the here I'm
gonna take Amelia spot what this is our
only child Eduardo sandwich I have to go
somewhere else
hi scooch over
so he's one barking dog that's how he's
one barking dog muscle man muscle man
sit Tina
sit that was a sneaky secret surprise
morning that's really slimming honey
looks cool this is stuff we got in the
PRI yesterday I like it hold still -
we're late a new climate oh is it I
think in the summer time I'll wear it
like proper like for what I will wear it
today but I'll have to wear something
else on top okay we have a new situation
Oh
get a dog something yesterday we have a
situation you there why won't you open
oh look it says lots wait that's Charla
where's parent luck the parent locks
probably on well if it does the lock
turns off we go poke it put a base
underneath it afternoon
like and then once the waters that we
could drain it like what are you gonna
do there is an emergency release though
as far as I know we'll be back in ten
minutes
oh no this is this is the doggy salon
lads this is where the old Aggies go
would she roll in something yeah did you
roll in something new they're all using
a new one Oh which one flames you go to
pop one is it no zesty whiff of pink
grapefruit
she doesn't think Oh
pick up my packages that do not load or
transport it kind of transported it to
new boxes don't be alarmed by the size
of my knife the only one I can find this
is all because I am having the time of
my life making these videos guys feel
and everybody is like enjoying them and
I am just like you guys have no idea how
appreciative I am that you guys allowing
me to be super creative with the videos
and anyway I decided I wanted to make
the videos even better for you this I
don't even know what this is
hold on a second oh yeah it's an audio
thing it's to do with DAB production oil
put these guys here we're going to San
Myers this guy here this one here right
ooh pancake speaker stands our friends
they're not going they might make it
better because I can hear music better
so fella here is the 22 millimeter after
too careful of the ion battery this
fella here lies the EOS m3 currently
I've evolved under g7 ax which is pretty
cool you can see up here I have you
can't receive it's right at Topshop I've
like every DSL or available in the Canon
range
hey it's not it's not actually bad right
so g7x it's not bad it's a flippy up you
fella - so that's cool cuz I've gotten
used to them it does come with a stock
lens which is a 16 - something to find
out it's an 1855 it passed the pocket
test so tomorrow's vlog is gonna be shot
with this fella so look for it
I would never say anything mean to you
if you already knows boots they look
painful yeah oh yeah hi you look amazing
can I take your blog pictures now oh can
I also snapchat for you oh my goodness I
am such a lucky man okay back to the
washing machine problem let's sew
without fairly distracted over there for
a few hours and we're gonna have big
things got all about this bad boy okay
let's see if we can turn the power off
the red key light on all right I've
taken this thing off and I think this
fella here might be the emergency
release finally who's Jonathan wait what
happened to these new loops
they're not so hooli or Hoopoe they just
dance pocket
they sell it's easy to oh yeah okay
thank you very much
what's up swaddle upset oh you want to
get out you want out of your bed but
you've only been into bed ten minutes
ten minutes too long what hey where's
mommy he's downstairs what daddy was
downstairs Oh daddy was in his room he's
office you know what that he was doing
in his office
what was that he doing what yeah walk
walk walk come on
hop up climb aboard the Daddy Express oh
then you get on the daddy Express ready
ready blast off someone actually yeah
that's a comment and abet we're doing
that I'm monkey mmm rumors call right
now it's called monkey blast-off
Jonathan it is an evolution of the
nursery in the morning thing has evolved
now I am how's it going mommy I mean you
guys don't know I made this for Anna on
her 23rd birthday I took those
photographs and then I printed them and
then made the collage thing and got it
frames and everything she was so
beautiful well she still is beautiful
I'd actually done it for her 21st as
well on the stairs of her actual home or
family helmet you want to commit to
daddy room yeah
rock you rock your body yeah yeah yo
body right
Eduardo's back I actually know the dance
routine for that song no one likes the
camera look at this thing here I love
chicken and mushroom Oh yummy what
passes that so good I love chicken
mushroom no no anyway we we've activated
Eduardo
something's happening what's going on
okay we have the greatest team of
engineers and brilliant minds I could
find short short notice we have
professor Eduardo there was actually
professor Guarnaschelli
Yuri not the Joanie class and we have
you know Amelia no daddy daddy is not a
plaything yes daddy has feelings and
emotions and a nervous system no I have
to I am
here fixing a washing machine okay we
have established become is actually
preparations and careful careful careful
okay be I can see how you guys wait
there we got it open
you're gonna use the quick release teeny
and we drain on anyone's still lock so
that's in the book that that means the
pump is broken so let's go turn the
power off to this unit you wait that
wardo don't touch anything
are they behaving or messin all right
it's leaving pull this guy out
oh no wait
is it supposed to spray like this no no
oh no no no oh God oh geez
I made a terrible mistake I made a
terrible mistake
I want to say disaster deserted but I
feel like I made a disaster without the
thing look what it was it was stupid
like I mean they're like ear cleaners
are lollipops or it must have into
someone's pocket and they came jammed
out how the powers off but luck all the
water is now drained from in there
good thing I drained out a tear on this
place would have been flooded well is
the problem officially solved somebody
mr. pasta man again
he's worn home you keep eating mr.
pastor man mr. Postum on again
you ready for the back okay come here we
say daddy we're going to read the wooly
mammoth
are we excited about the will a mammoth
tonight hopefully you know Mama's coming
home early sleep do you know what it is
yeah he's in a wooly mammoth
a woolly mammoth
he gave it at all and another and then
alright my friends save my friends
No say bye friends see you tomorrow
thanks for watching our video
presentation situation watch out for
William omits on your way home every
buck alright you guys there
