she's gone
when she walks when
but now I can't see that you will be
friends tomorrow is feeling much better
today is Anna Lucy's here so it's a
super rush what I'll put the scoop on
everything I thought it was a minor
pressure you know make it what are you
supposed to be dressed
you've got school to go to your lady
we're all happy Eduardo stop back to the
no man no no are you in nomad
ow it's school run time and it's raining
is it rained you see mommy
you see mommy doing her exercises
mommy's doing her exercises in here you
gonna copy mommy hmm
that mommy's doing in there come on
let's go come on quickly we're gonna get
wet okay ten
it's Wednesday it's Wednesday it's
Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday what
happens on Wednesdays it's Jemima Day
join is not on Mondays but edge - been
having a lot of competition lately with
this air Valentina you did prepare
Valentina or Jimena o equal Stevens he
could be a politician when you grow up
he's mine I am somebody's trying for the
hash tag out an Amber back oh no we'll
kick it off with it so in there
Oh magazine
let's go
we're gonna run because it's raining
well I'm gonna run I mean it's just
gonna stand there and be delivered all
right same situation again I have a few
minutes to get changed and get ready go
ahead and did Lucy workouts and then
come out I'm not going to a fire station
today but I am doing other things
good boy Zoe for guys like this it's
like schools Oh what I was in the school
I got Amelia's report card and they
didn't like quarterly and stuff ah it's
just amazing how like seeing your child
like develop and um you know you're
talking about like when she read books
and her imaginations like she she's very
fond of talking about her family I'm
like well what has she been saying
ah friends why are you in the glove box
of the car what are you doing in the
glove box of the car maybe there was
some bribery all right I'll be honest
there was a bit of bribery going on so
collected a media for school we did
loads of millions of things this morning
but it wasn't the kind of thing that
you'd bring a video camera to sure you
wouldn't it wouldn't be like yeah so I
said to myself you know sure no I'll do
nothing like that no plus myself my
mommy and daddy have a very busy day
do you know mommy not are you doing
because mommy cause Ana was sick the
other day on the anniversary day we
decided to postpone it and instead of
instead of going to we're not going to
the parts of mysteries but instead of we
wore original plan was to go into London
spend the night there away from the
monsters and just have mom and dad time
but because I got sick they didn't work
out and then our slot for babysit cover
was over she don't have any more
coverage so we decided we're gonna have
a date day and we're going to get
massages and food and just kind of
having a lovey-dovey that he says is
that what daddy says
we are home how romantic is this happy
anniversary
this is like the vessel didn't work out
the first time you could have had a
lovely five-star hotel experience in
central London we andr
we ended up in Casa this lighting is
amazing this is like the perfect
lighting look at eye shadows on your
eyes nice okay on to the next phase of
the day day romantic date day situation
Lance we were heading to most large my
second massage and I convinced me to do
it I was terrified to do it the first
time and then you kind of booked it
remember in Ireland we did it and then I
was saying it Lucy like because I'm
doing all these workouts himself it
actually makes a big difference and
because I sit on the desk and edit for
hours on end it makes a big difference
in Arland we got water in the back one
yeah and then this one is like to the
back and the back in legs and so I'm not
ready to commit the full body yet lads
okay I'm gonna slowly work my way up to
it I just I'm not ready for that I'm not
ready for I got it but I bet I am
it's nice to be brought balloons ash to
celebrate our day that was amazing
relaxed
I'm backing out here what nude it's
called romantic romantic I'll see you
later
hey hi thanks hello hey I went for a
massage and I had divine creative
inspiration I've come up with a
treatment for the project right
are you ready for this away backtrack a
little bit you went for a massage oh
yeah that's my new thing now I do
massages I'm gonna collect the media or
I'm gonna collect mommy and I'm just
gonna bring water with me for a minute
will you get that ready for us when we
get back yeah it's really important
because you know Eduardo are you all
right
because mommy from school Wow yeah
mommy's in school
I hope mommy start our homework now yeah
mommy goes a big girl school you know
what they do there you see school oh
wait that's be disclosed drop it money
girl your school no me Sarika mommy
school yeah yeah let's go - cool um
tissues yep
yeah yeah all right mister give me your
foot
and there's mommy
welcome home I brought a friend
hey you in here thought you might enjoy
the trip oh hey Dwight oh why that's the
place to go to by the way yeah you knees
so the P o box just got delivered all
right let's go make a little see that's
our pew epoxy dress by the way you guys
want to send this stuff you want a
laptop I it's from Hoxton Buxton look
what look like an inside Oh
Selfridges camera and I couldn't make it
on Monday December just kiss you I
shouldn't open this because she was at
her I she was all for tea and stuff for
that so I'm like Selfridges send on a
little goodie bag there's something for
you
snap view I had what's a slap you lots
of things masks and whoa smelly stuff
all right about Carmel cool busy moms
over busy dads Annabelle you know II
mean ah signed copy lads is this
something you eat scruffy chops zest and
snow oh my goodness a champion for dogs
look at shampoo for dogs that's so cool
like a living little dog pictures we
were going on about this deodorant
assault earlier one and look we got to
it I'm in the Popo more Dead Sea stuff
more spy stuff do you drink this or do
you rub it on yourself
ah love bucks for the kids they are the
best because we read so many books and
honestly I even get bored reading the
same books every night so new books are
greatly appreciated friends is another
what's this
thanks Marc Mills
plum-pudding illustration what can I say
us tons of cool books oh my goodness we
got I love you dad
good choice Lulu and the woolly mammoth
I'll never let you go oh my god the
fairy tale hairdresser snow burr um
thank you Thank You Harriet it's a board
game got fun
i think eduardo is going to like this
hello whatever it is it smells amazing
oh stuff lots of love oh my goodness
it's an ER it's an utter something isn't
it
what's a hushpuppy are you feel shoes oh
they're like my favorite boots sent this
I'm emotional right now boot Jack so you
guys remember I was saying I've been it
really hard to get on and off my hunter
hunter boots thank you very much hunter
butpeople luck it's like a stand thing
you put down I think you can just like
it helps get your boot off what's
happening here do you guys want to see
these all these new boss huh
not cool guys
you know the daily fam having a blast
with a beat I am ripping it old-school
with some new heat like my skin
wrongness brought of pres ol ads hmm
yes please
I met some friends and I love meeting
viewers lessons that girl's birthday
happy birthday friend that's all the
balloons and everything as I was leaving
but had we got some press opt I like
meeting friends though it's kind of fun
because you know sometimes I sit here
and I'm like talking away to this camera
and this camera like never talks back to
me and this camera does not even really
have any feelings towards me let's be
honest camera you don't this camera
doesn't even subscribe to my videos oh
my goodness this camera may have like no
relationship is that I'm just like
holding him and pushing buttons and
forcing him to tell me we both said to
talk yeah did you share the wireless
little chocolate that was left that was
nice of you alright it's bad time my
friends I will see you tomorrow I have
got to go to the sitting room
