hello everyone no Network Sun shines
brightly through the window day
give it they has broken but I'm staying
I close my eyes and snuggle down good
morning friends immediate trying
something new with the mates mate race
mate great Julie grogginess in my voice
oh it's not fun anyway look it is 7:40
all right
got an hour twenty minutes to be at
school you have an hour twenty minutes
to be a fool are you putting me on
we're going in here is this a restaurant
oh hello and welcome to daddy's Emporium
now what can I interest you for
breakfast
Nutella for reckless you go Gina spoon
or anything okay you go eat that I'll
get you a spoon give me that back a
plate is wicker
you're such a monkey how are we feeling
today it looked better know this look is
swollen and I was supposed to go to
Selfridges today for this really cool
thing with Sabrina at the call Francesca
yesterday let's call it a stellar happy
anniversary oh my goodness guys today
made it 2-1 yeah when I think it's a
two-year anniversary don't stare
overseas on that dignity yeah we got
married legally in Ireland only we got
my officially in Toronto in 2011 was
this I cannot believe it is actually
arrived guys I was there
which head knows there's now
just got married and then we waited
until February because we wanted felt be
funny to leave your thing so we got mine
in the 29th legally in Arlen Arlen my
others on my wedding day I need to talk
about statistics and stocks moon moon
drama speaking you wait for me so it's
not quite as glamorous Sorento wears
like an erection arathor Hannah oh no I
think we might just get married okay so
today is our first year married
essentially and we were supposed to go
we were supposed like we had a
babysitter organizers were going to
supposed to go ahead tonight we're gonna
stay in a hotel in central and stuff for
that everything was planned but and I
got all sticky and stuff with this all
maybe as best cuz it's not a really
important thing so we're gonna postpone
it we're gonna postpone the wedding she
said don't you dare come shopping has
arrived and it's putting it away yeah
see you grocery haul
everyone wanted everyone I've called my
latina girls take off so I gotta drop
immediate to school and then I'm going
to the fire station today when Amelia in
about an hour and then Lucy's coming
you're full of snot mister it's not some
tears yeah so does that mean it's good
get back
I'm already at my workout gear still
work at Duty showers get back to media
school go to your fire station be
responsible parent type person
supervising annulled huh
I just got to drop you off quickly he
did make a serious for Christ for black
access to have a safe opportunity you've
got about five minutes to get dressed
get ready and work out never got about
40 minutes to do the exercises have the
showers and then get myself to the
school with my fireman outfit on okay
I'm not wearing a fireman and I didn't
asked you want me to wear a fireman
outfit this anyway I have a fire what
happen I don't wear one I just don't
happen to have one I don't even know why
I'm sitting you're talking let's go make
exercises happen for the ladies having a
cup of tea chillin yeah I did request a
cookie yeah a cookie as well you're
gonna eat the cookie one every time I do
a burpee you eat a cookie yeah yeah yeah
you jump up you take a bite you have a
dangling dangling on a string oh my
goodness guys it's gonna be tight I'm
pretty sure I'm not gonna bring the vlog
with me because this is like a school
tour thing and I think like it's not
appropriate to be filming there or it
even has a video camera there because
this just 27 other children that I'm not
responsible for so I just think it might
be easier to leave the vlog in the car
you guys know 50 plop
this is all mister man wanted he wanted
his mommy
he's like falling asleep yes
was he asleep yes
look we got this set for Amelia this
Nezzer d cute like it's a Barbie one but
she's kind of getting a little well she
still likes the princesses but when she
watches TV shows now are like kids TV
show she wants like grown-up stuff a
minute Varro's feels in the bus one
please on the bus that's really cool
thing we should keep that it looks like
it looks like a giant book it's cool
make some crappies we'll do some editing
and I'm collecting Amelia in like an
hour from school so those have my coffee
eat all these cookies and then collect
Amelia from school look at these all
right how cool it is little milkshakes
but I was just saying if you were the
delivery guy or the picker II guy
wouldn't you pick like they got a noun
so on
and I got is that Peter Pan or someone
or is that a girl I'm not really sure
but like you think look they got you the
same I just think they could have gone
and thanks to different ones anyway see
you guys later before to do hi friends
my friends you're back
did you have fun in school right wait
the daddy come to school today yeah
where do we go because you can fire baby
yeah did we get into a fire truck yeah
yeah we sprayed the hose there you go oh
my god everywhere yeah I do the other
one who are the best whoa I'm Aaron did
your captain Lou you want to sit on the
roof of the car um I don't think you
should sit on the roof of the car can
you see the fire station luck luck luck
luck
there it is do you see it yeah
hanging in there no no post a sec yeah
maybe because I didn't paint it at a
station well you have been to the train
station just not in a while mommy and
daddy have been going without you yeah
sorry about that
well come next time ticket oh yeah let's
do it it's a deal
let's go glasses blowing I'm doing a
phone interview with the mirror people
reporter person la welcome to how well
now please enter your PIN after the tone
if you don't have a pin it please record
your name after the tone the greatest
youtuber in the world we first moved to
the UK like two years ago and in what I
tell everyone hey we're in Surrey first
moved here the UK wasn't really our
prime demographic you know it was mainly
the US and people in the UK if you were
in America and you said like oh I'm in
London they you know it's an established
brand you know everyone knows what it is
where have you said Surrey people will
be like what the hell is sorry
is that something you drink just as I
graduated I was going to go into London
and to work in a recession just came in
and wiped the entire creative industry
edge we're like well we can't afford to
live here anymore
so we're like let's go hide let's wait
the recession back in Ireland
hey boy why don't I use that oh wait oh
and who is this la familia oh and who's
next we see next we go to mommy and then
losing here over here around the corner
and mommy daddy why though only because
of tomorrow's party you wonder what the
iPad oh we can't tell her Mimi okay
secret iPad secret can you say secret
iPad Club yeah and that is cooking up a
storm situation at all
look at those fellas hmm they go in Greg
they come out pink I've gone Eduardo an
appointment in like two hours to go see
a GP just to make sure cuz you guys
remember we're in New York and Eduardo
had that like he had an ear infection
kind of showing a lot of the same
symptoms with ism is an emotions and
obsessiveness so we're gonna ring that
in about an hour - well we check him
down just to make sure cuz normally he's
not that emotional like he's quite a boy
he is quite a bag of emotions but not
usually this much yeah this is great
though what you putting our chilies and
prawns and stuff hmm
wait am I here folks when your
anniversary huh mm that's decision you
ever made like burn the ones
why started tonight we are heading out
bringing you our dough to the doctor's
hopefully hopefully this is gonna be
okay I don't think he actually probably
even has in here an ear infection but
you know what it's better to be safe
than sorry friends I've never been here
before so put it in the right spot
weirdo huh all right mister come on
let's go inside and see dr. brown bear
whoa
what has a little ear infection put your
shoe season hmm no I'm glad you went
because it turned ended while it did
have an ear infection ah
so I got some antibiotics he said it
looked pretty red and inflamed but
that's the second time so you're saying
that like if it happens again or
regularly
you might have to get growth or growth
Tucson laughs which is kind of
interesting because my brother had that
same problem when he was a kid so maybe
I don't know could be a thing well we
find it anyway I said once you get him
on the drugs he feel like way better hi
hey yeah I know it turned out it was an
ear infection
you knew it yeah so I'm heading today
yeah I'll go to Morrison's pharmacy and
get some stuff she won't she gave me
some antibiotics you know I told her it
was November the last time I happened so
she's like why you just got to keep the
knife she gave me this diagram to
explain how it's happening I'm glad that
that's we found out what it was
francesco told me read this before he
was like
and Mary Ann taught me okay Eduardo
let's get some eggs it's gonna pharmacy
make white Oh better
oh we what all right we are waiting
finally I have this little thing here
we also wait here to get our medical
order yeah the waybads
mm-hmm are you doing are you wiping your
 or licking my scarf all right
I remember dude this in New York trying
to get your prescription they get your
prescriptions on the part of us no mmm
that's a medicine it's a medicine for
Eduardo just gonna make it work feel
much better okay no Bobo home will jinx
it medicine oh it's dark and spooky you
are don't you want to say my friends no
boyfriends tomorrow Sun shines brightly
the window pane
