yeah yeah cupcake girl when you're white
good morning friends and this Sunday
afternoon to me who's here baby to me
does he
yeah Oh Mikey did you eat that wardo
that's not breakfast give me this did
you cook them in your oven this morning
yes oh that was nice that you made
breakfast in bed for Wired Oh what did
you eat it did you yeah what you can't
put that cover all the way there well
why does it sleep is that what grown-ups
I'd like oh my little friends leave them
material it's called Egyptian cotton I
recommend it
it's amazing it's like sleeping unlike
softness of stop things whatever the
most soft thing is that's what it feels
like it's amazing huh what oh don't hurt
daddy oh oh oh
Mina would never hurt you with Eduardo
so you never know what you're gonna go
you never know what you're gonna get
come on guys you want to go and have a
banana you want a banana ah
did you just trow that yeah you get it
mmm I do you think I work here or
something yeah so we are getting ready
to go and look happen to Anna
poor thing woke up this morning we're
like an allergic reaction or something
which means you put acne cream on my
side and then little bit I can stuff on
which I haven't used in ages and then
put my regular other stuff on over that
and I think it like yeah yeah okay each
other yeah I just won't look so bad you
look like you've got it but I can't come
on my eyes so I think it was just my eye
cream reacted with a spray see this one
is no guys bad that one looks like you
got punched in the face or something
it's like a proper like what's that
thing that happens anaphylactic reaction
kind of thing is it's all swollen and
stuff so I'm gonna take the kiddos to
the park and as requested or has it been
instructed to go to bed I put cucumbers
on or something we're gonna a spooky
forest
we're going to a spooky forest
you got our pigtails in the spooky
forest okay turn your hands site-wide Oh
we'll go just buki forest now you want
to go to Disney World
yeah what's happening
cuckoo oh look at the printers load to
them they're always bird-watching did
you see it good thing we don't have six
cats
they're so cute look at these other
things you got such cute little pigtails
Amelia me I won't work at the bar would
you want to be like that your present
come on
and we are at the park and it's kind of
raining a little bit what happens
you forgot my good car oh no I forgot to
scooter guys how was I thinking huh
maybe next time you a name yeah she gets
all pissed in tennis now let's make an
excuse you did remember
so it is kind of raining a bit but down
this way
yeah is the duck pond come on it's got
really big trees already so we're hoping
that maybe we can fight in there in the
trees and knock at his way let's see if
there's any duckies here will we oh I
see some swans except swans are
terrifying
you love swans no no we can walk around
the lake what do you think no I don't
think anyone's ever being over there you
want to try I got this under what
everything thank you won't go into water
she can run across the lake
ah brought the right stroller for this
sort of off-road carry-on knives
what do you think no this is not the
stroller but it is making it true to
park we're making this we're doing a
full lake run today as come on it's got
some Drive oh no oh goodness sorry Anna
how can we might have a small issue huh
see what happens
Oh No it was ever an example of why
children parking is so important when
you have strollers and kids I can't get
the stroller in the car well this is not
a good situation guys is it stay right
there okay don't move oh my goodness I
have to move the car an inch forward
this is crazy
feel like I'm driving away and leaving
them here
let's see if that's enough
Oh
we made it okay let's get in
bunny some bagels I need some milk
almond milk SmartWater some salmon some
more salmon some special Sunday bread
what you guys want
hey why don't get your hand off here
when to bite our now no I don't have to
buy everything he's being civilized
people this one I believe he touched
what great doughnut what's happened here
what's happened here where I dough now I
just put these in here okay so they're
safe
jeez will I take my willies off as well
thanks let's go yeah let's go okay come
on guys let's go check on mommy
she's probably in the bed hi mommy she
is oh poor mommy
hello mr. Eduardo look at him he's like
a little top hat man look order here and
you guys got at windows 10 to this
system here raw has been running on yeah
yes Wow originally it was running on XP
Windows XP missus Club which probably
were the best operating systems
Microsoft ever released and everything
since then has been a bit pants to be
honest so this thing is hassling me to
go Windows 10 now I've had good feedback
about Windows 10
everything is good so I'm hoping it's
not gonna turn into some sort of an iPad
type thing I hope it's got a Windows on
it Stacy
shaky-shaky because when they took the
windows out of windows it just wasn't
good you know and all the other
computers we have are all em Safari or
whatever you call it my
based but um this one is still a PC or
butter
oh um 5% completed downloading Windows
okay okay okay okay we're going to enter
the world of ten
we're excited Amelia can't seem to find
the kids anywhere it wouldn't be in here
one day why is this here well the kids
are not in there Oh who's in here the
monsters poker no mister folks are not
you are look already goes blue I'm new
but I need a new daddy hello blue what's
the story how come I I do I do no kiss
it oh no don't put cheese done Oh cookie
done our friends are all about how would
you feel if all glad
but what yeah what did you do
kiss him don't kiss them don't kiss boys
on the Internet
why are you only a cup of sugar and a
man got house the man has come and
brought us food we got some food had to
be done
mitt my pajamas doesn't matter Sunday
Monday oh greeting party hello greeting
party hello guys it's not a pizza party
Friday night Oh
gate open everyone can hear what we're
saying sorry neighbours what can I say I
want to there your mum good habit I'm
ready to play
together in the Sun I guess it's the way
your I am home understand that it's all
really new
having 400 your body are you ready I can
just what happened listen now your way
this one Pandora Boxx
this is Pandora this is a box do not
open the box Pandora I really want to
open the box
do not oh look at that box over there
maybe I'll just pop over and have a wee
look I'm not opening the box I'm just
touching the box huh I'm only leaning on
the box
I'm only sitting on the Box I'm standing
on the Box I'm bouncing on the box
Oh No Oh No
what's that cupcakes everywhere hotcakes
Oh
Pandora hay is for Alfie and his little
sister Annie Rose B is for bedtime and
blanket C is for Jesse all these black
and white cat D is for drawing Alfie is
drawing a picture of any rose D is for
doors be careful not to slam the door
Accra fine you did fall over
yes I know f is for friends oh good yeah
o friends can you say friends e is for
elephant
can you see elephant we did that one
backwards
okay G is for a grandma H is for hat
Eduardo like hats
L is for is for insects
LT loves insects under rocks Oh laughs J
is for Jonathan yeah yeah can you say
Jonathan thank you know daddy's name is
Jonathan
Eduardo's name is also Jonathan Eduardo
Jonathan laughing that's your full name
yeah okay let's finish this off oh let's
say goodbye to our friends first and say
bye friends laughing bye friends see you
tomorrow
Oh we'll read more okay hello morning
now sums it go
