good morning friends family and
festivities Javie far felt from people
who've a we are the first one friends oh
my goodness guys you've got the whole
place worth house let's have a party
let's get a time don't forget to Twitter
now guys five miles an hour please no
more no less
well it can be less cuz you might even
Alessi is here as well
three little monkeys scooting in the
morning one fell off which would
probably be Edward oh let's be honest
there's nothing like the morning brisk
walk under school run to get the old
heart racing and morning Jason and the
day operation really fast we will get
more play time guys
oh geez foot back well Amelia was baby
and we got like comments about her
rocking and she remained she's autistic
and she's got this problem and that
problem seizures and all that stuff
she's fine
Eduardo when he was baby people said
very similar things he turned out to be
okay and now Alessia little hand Twitter
it wasn't even comments because she
Tweedles her hand that there's something
wrong with her guys every every child is
different every child is different it
was actually something wrong with a
lesson we would know we would know it
would me tell him tell the people tell
people anyway just try to let you know
he's no but my mom watches loves every
single day and we won worked in
Pediatrics for like 40 years
so she'd be the first to know she'd be
the first to know and she called me a
Jersey
yeah but misspoke she's a broken Baba
so I have just parked
um in town I'm going to get waxed my the
girl that used to do my waxing is gone
it's one of those things that's like so
intimate like you know you have to be
really comfortable with a person but I'm
actually quite like low-key about it
like you don't really care that much
like it's not a big deal but I do miss
the girl that used to do my waxing
because we just like I don't know like I
just I really liked her and I didn't
know that she was leaving other girl
that did me was absolutely fine
like I really liked her it was it was
fine like I didn't care I get on with
her just as well but you know when you
get familiar with somebody that's what
I'm saying
fine I got over it like it wasn't a big
deal and then literally the third time
since the other girl has or the second
time since my usual girl has like left I
came in and she was like oh the girl
that normally does now is actually out
sick so if somebody else during you I
was like seriously it was like three
different people in like the space of
the last three ones it's funny because
it's one of those things it's like it's
very intimate but I think once you have
like a lot of children you just like
don't care anymore or something like
before I had Amelia I was so like I
couldn't even I wouldn't have even been
able to go for a wax like a bikini wax I
just wouldn't have been able to do it
because I would have been too scared
like I wouldn't have wanted anyone to
see me and like I just would have been
so like anxious over the whole thing and
now it's just like I don't even think
about it but I think that has come along
with having lots of children honestly I
do like take my take my trousers off for
like that's in so bad you know what I
mean like you're just doctor's
appointments smear test all that kind of
stuff you just end up doing it all the
time and yours like whatever just do
whatever so bad I know you know that I
don't mean it that way but you know what
I mean like any other moms out there I
think can probably relate to what I'm
saying right now like just finished this
is my very relaxing room there's me
and it's the opposite way you probably
can't tell but it's the opposite room
which the one that I'm normally in so
everything's like the other way around
this machine always looks crazy
it's like free lifting and stuff I think
you could do it all over and at first I
liked like also the face and I don't
really know haven't got it done before
clearly because it's actually that was
pretty relaxing kind of like it cuz get
to lay down on like a heated mattress or
a heated sheep heated what's it called
yeah English good mattress but it's kind
of like chilled out you know it's nice
break away from babies so we're out for
a walk with Alessia & Co Co meaning all
the doggie friends this is this is what
we say keys we're walking and all this
like muddy stuff here there's no point
in trying to bring in stroller yeah it's
a root and Lassa computer part no no
let's go straight this way ran back in
the first
Hey yeah she's a lot bigger
last summer we used this thing on her
was I think it was like the book tour
but she was only like six months or
something and that she's nine months
oh three months whew is it but didn't
you feel like you're walking and I'm
just sure like cyborg body boom boom
boom boom
which way master
and it's got for today I only have to
say I'm fine anything yeah was the
original is it I can't see oh see on
Sina oh yeah cont no quite good this
crazy man over here because three dogs
and his baby NCV my shoes anyway
this isn't as enjoyable as last time
yeah the plot thickens when you have a
little baby attached I mean uh but I do
but they were crazy because they haven't
been out since it was Friday when he
brought them at last which is you know
life is three kids and six dogs doesn't
always though it's black so you do what
you can you happy you're happy girl
dad dad these three dogs so we've
swapped and these three are just mental
to get ahead of everybody look things
your head and then they're fine Dada
Dada Dada do you find those three easier
to manage though yeah yeah exactly right
here yeah a little post dog walking we
chillin yes he's doing their free banana
things and I I'm on this one yeah I'm
taking back the drug lords I mean a
million is water our children if they're
my test they went straight from school
so I'm gonna get the text very shortly
and then I gotta go and collect them so
vlog is uploading kids are happy dogs
have been walked wife is happy
PlayStation time for Dad hey did you
ever fun behind me or friends as oh my
goodness your hair is crazy it's all
frizzy
what are you doing
so mommy and daddy are going to walk
Mama's she doesn't mean it's Wednesday
waka mama night it used to be called
date night but basically we just got to
walk her mamas every Wednesday night
said we welcome Emily you want to come
to my mom or sometime would you like it
it's all like Japanese food like noodles
and rice and chicken and yeah no no
pizza no yeah yeah yeah oh my goodness
they do the best prawns like while I'm
gone Emilia blankie bear is in charge
time no you make sure to cut about no
messing and do your homework okay you
know is that the old one I knew was
always the new one in charge today
what's tonight's homework at the big
pink box two books I love you have fun
and go to bed be a good girl for blanky
bear night princess
it's the people even go to bills anymore
we need to go to builds I feel I feel
like I'm neglecting William feel I feel
sad for really importance or a brunch or
something you know let's sleep brunch is
it Bill's French okay I don't feel I
don't feel so bad you know but let's see
what she's like
ah first oh my goodness people oh my
goodness we ate them so fast
they're so good well you ate one nine
eight one I had to but those things
those prawn lollipop things oh my
goodness look at that sitter that's an
avocado one and that's something else
something green green and good hope we
also got the same dinner Jimmy
here's the salmon of - steak but
basically the same things what this is a
noodle oh yeah you got you done you're
going to pay the person again like in
natural kitchen yeah it is actually
Jonathan although yours looks that looks
like a nice steak well done stately and
then - the salmon but I got the fat
noodles because I like fat and this was
really good clearly because I finished
it straightaway leave comments of
suggestions of things drivers yeah we
have tried something different every
time we come here no I do not
well you have departments have teams to
try because I always you kept occurring
that only and then am I still not right
not never I cut you free through the
noodles I haven't heard this yet but
yakisoba yakisoba it's not chicken
nappies oh yes
