like Bertha wants to fly star that needs
to stay in your eye
I'll follow you I love the way Boy Scout
you say
we'll stay I'll go
good morning we're all in the bed and
the little one said roll over roll over
so Werner ran away and it was just the
street like the old days much more
nobody see eduarda does not last as long
in the iPad
Amelia could sit on the iPad for pretty
much 17 million years 700 million years
to be exact and Amelia could not Eduardo
could not Anna you can leave her on the
phone for a little bit but you know
eventually she gets bored well no yeah
you too could probably sit on the
devices all day long and be happy
meanwhile delicious we're just not
device people oh really
Johnathan's you make a very valid points
there I forgot about the old PlayStation
he needs like a games console machine
like you know a Playstation he's won oh
yeah I think it was good names of dogs
guess he's back why are those back hey
weirdo oh no this is why I like is wider
like oh you like what Honor I know mommy
that's trickery because I'm onna okay
come on
first we gotta close this over
so it doesn't look like the snow stock
looks like there's no snow out there
that was so random lads I'm glad I got
it on tape I was about 7 o'clock or
something this morning it was snowing
it's like was it now a quarter to eight
there's no snow this why I don't want
banana so I like this intro but I don't
love this intro but it did love the
intro that and I helped me make last
time so I've been changing around the
star just playing when it sort of like
creatively expressing myself and having
fun with the vlogs and so far the
feedback from everybody is like they're
really enjoying it too which is amazing
because I'm having a lot more fun with
the vlog than anyone elses have informed
the vlogs and then this morning I true
in their intro that I had just kind of
slapped together after Arland and and
then I just like it doesn't suit the
videos who's my best friend that knows
had to draw really well and helped me
make my last intro this is the creative
department who are you drawing now me
yourself make sure you have nice hair oh
you got the necklace yeah this is ass
this is me over here I got a I'll
actually like that jumper there are
these jog jeans I really wanted to make
a non-digital
intro so this intro I'm gonna make is
gonna be kind of like a bit stop-motion
II which is similar to the stolid videos
I'm doing is kind of like stop motion
motion you know cuz stop motion is
usually done by static imagery and
manipulated on a frame rate where it's
kinda what I'm doing here so I'm using
like sounds and like stop-motion you
stuff love a block but I wonder I wanted
the intro to kind of reflect my um my
new sound style so yeah
poor one now oh I see what kind of
wearing matching clothes what do you
think of that no you can't look like
merely to becoming a pea-sized unit Oh
twinning more twinning what's this
fellow do look at this little sure he
looks the dog's tail off the dark
Florida hey chin off the dogs
don't head to your grandfather but we
haven't any no Henry would terrorize
your what did you go to soft play did
you place the earlier did you play
softly at softly gonna go my show white
oh look rockin Robin hey there's no
listener oh my goodness they're
multiplying birdies you're multiplying
lights
I got Robins dare multiply in they want
to eat all of the birdseed
because I am a pigeon and I will not eat
the food cha-cha cha-cha cha-cha cha-cha
cha-cha cha-cha cha-cha yank yank yank
yank
Nevaeh
Nevaeh breaking in sight kind of evokes
we have Kenda mom 700
I made a terrible mistake
we've sprouted in November nuts what are
we thinking we're gonna have to try and
couldn't look for warmth
I get a two Mariano's holiday sugar whoo
lemon or poppy seeds can you bread
validate in the middle of the day
friends let's have a chat
so as you guys know we have been
actively pursuing not to the stage of
like we're kind of like talking about it
in a rant August I'm like what we have
another baby and we're like oh maybe
you'll be let's leave it up to like we
got off all contraception we left it off
the chance we kind of caught up with you
guys what like a month or two ago and
during that whole time it never really
happened whatever us not getting
pregnant yet is actually me not Anna I
don't think it's either of us I don't I
don't think I just think with the third
child it's like hard cuz you're really
tired and you maybe you already like
baby with the media we had no kids so
that was just like normal to like
married yeah yeah every night was date
night yeah and then Eduardo is like
conceived in Sorrento so we all know
what that means
okay we've been on holidays um so I
thought maybe Ireland but then I got my
period like a don't to treat a week
afternoon got back
so obviously that just the timing was
wrong or whatever life is just so much
busier now it is so it's inevitably
gonna be harder like when I what I have
done because I have changes roaming so
anything like wait are we supposed to
like make out you know I don't want to
do anything like a chore this yeah I
don't want to turn like date night into
chore knife you know that's not even fun
like I just want to leave it up this
baby's well okay
obviously everybody's different but I
kind of in my head in my area fairy head
I just feel like they should be
conceived to love yeah these guys again
call anyway that's the baby update
okay I know it doesn't seem it but it's
been long time later it is 512 cutting
it close is very close this is the term
hairlines put on your what's this whoa
where'd you get that kinder egg from
what daddy got you that it's mommy
stealing my creds part on your psyche
party took you like party egg back then
leave a nice comment you know way to
build that all right it's the least I
could do
it's just one of those days friends it's
cold it's wintry there's a bright light
from the car I think we done had to be
done
oh just something about an old battered
fish oh it's a mushy peas and some deep
fried chips oh my goodness I don't know
if I just put the kids to bed or not
would be pretty out because she had but
you know I mean maybe the kids can
sometimes be a two-man job
see taquitos are still awake hello
everybody hello everybody hello
everybody
yes I'll be come here for the video okay
so a media mommy and daddy have a plan
okay so we're looking at this here in
the oven but we're keeping it warm
because we had planned on having a bath
and then whoa no no no no no no daddy
was foolish okay mommy mommy reminded
Olli that he was foolish okay with that
mommy and daddy are gonna have that now
and then you and wardo can go have a
nice bat and then go to bed I told him I
was foolish I told him I came home and
ruined everything right like that right
here okay so we'll just leave that there
so tomorrow it'll be here for breakfast
no I just I gotta stop you can't lie to
a two-year-old anymore please let's go
do you have your banana yeah okay it's a
race Oh high five do it do it
boom okay it's a race to the bathroom
cause mommy and daddy
Oh sing the song white oh I can wash my
face wash my face yes why what what
fireworks yourself fireworks out there
huh
right well meanwhile you're gonna say
bye friends no I'm going to say my
friends and waters gonna say Amelia's in
there Oh mommy oil screens on we're
going to bed so you see your friends our
friends save my friends
