good morning friends and welcome to
today and it is a very nice sunny day
and I'm up early and out on my day on my
mission should I choose to accept it
well I kind of did accept it let's be
honest I'm out here I've accepted it I
love this time of year when it's almost
becoming summer what did I call that
spring because like there's some Sun in
the sky it's still a little bit cold but
it looks warm that's all that matters
I gotta jump in here for about an hour -
I'll see you on the flipside friends the
flippity-flop
so I have bought these for Easter and
the boy tolike got to it
I mean are you okay Eduardo why don't
you help me with the shopping and give
Ariel back to Emilia what do you think
should I tell you a secret I got
something special for daddy for Easter
should I show you yeah I can't show you
guys because it's a surprise for
Jonathan and I'm gonna hide it and then
the Easter Bunny is gonna hide it for
him at mr. t yeah ah say thank you to
your brother
alright let's see if we can find stuff
for oh look we've got this shreddy we've
got popcorn for dogs all the essentials
relief that's for scenic she loves
popcorn isn't she
that's a chicken leg organic
strawberries well they're lovely aren't
they
we've got some organic grass-fed skewing
beef some dirt all white lots of water
turkey mince I don't know maybe I'll do
an actual gross this was a kind of a mad
one but maybe I'll do a grocery haul on
my channel yeah they're for dogs excuse
me that was not on the list of things to
do if you open them the Easter Bunny
won't come how many not the best job for
them to do
being completely honest but let's put
them all in okay there's for pudding
for pudding you can but if you eat them
now you don't get any pudding is that
right what have we done
it's a sheep
oh where did that go
was that a pink one Emilia that was a
pink one hey hey hey no opening okay
they're actually doing pretty well
considering um I'm not sure I thought
there was let me check
keep putting them in keep going good job
Eduardo no no no no no yeah you did it
hello yeah
registers on the telephone will we tell
Francesco filament or we just make him
say something funny yeah different Jess
can forget you're a unicorn oh go away
I'm seeing his weren't already why don't
I do going dancing in a few minutes what
what he is a big girl minions gone
swimming by the way lads it's one of
those ones where she goes to things
without parents anymore what's up with
that she's on a school bus
well a swimming school bus type of
thingy and they're going straight from
the ballet to the swimming this is
terrifying our child is out in the world
without weight you're my backup trials
what what you can't have the iPad now
okay two minutes one song okay
are we ready to go dancing right oh no
all right they're supposed to be doing
the hokey-pokey we're supposed to be
doing the hokey-pokey huh let's go
hokey-pokey time is not in the mood to
participate in the class today
Oh get your hot come on the train no
he's got a ribbon
and we're home wanna have fun and dance
class today no more didn't have fun and
dance to another too close to the wall
what you Superman is why don't see Brian
no way Oh Superman let's apparently all
right let's go get Superman in a car oh
hello Superman hello Superman Superman
hungry for lunch so Amelia is back from
her first swimming class big girl
swimming class how was it good did you
do it what did you do did you you went
under the water
Wow are you gonna be a swimmer when we
go to Sorrento yeah did you kick your
legs me yeah we got a new elephant and a
swimming costume as well now is it fun
do you love something yeah
is white I like swimming too everybody's
a swimmer now okay nobody's a swimmer
now Wow
I'm so excited for holidays this year
hey Rico the flower that is going to be
a poison I don't want it why why don't
hold it
I think driven somewhere magic
I wasn't sure where I was going and then
I ended up driving passes like fields
and then it was like this big electric
gate system and then suddenly I don't
know where I am it looks like some sort
of a military base er to know what that
is or if you're working on Sky News
later on keep an eye out for us right
now okay we are out looking for our
house e homes on this board already
we're looking for IC homes it's it's a
long process we haven't found one that
we're like well we kind of found one
that we did really like but it would be
it's just really expensive and it's just
it terrifies me going into that kinda
adapter like getting that kind of
mortgage and so we're just having like
second opinions and stuff at looking at
different places it's kind of a big deal
though I think it's kind of a big
decision yeah you know not to be taken
lightly max but it helps that it's sunny
today because this making everything
that enough is a light wash Oh does that
numbers not alike well yeah looking for
going house hunting on a sunny day
definitely recommend it if you think wow
let's live here it's lovely and sunny
yeah okay that's we found the house did
you find our house oh boy it's amazing
it's amazing I wish I could have been
there I wish you could have been there
when you kind of worried but you're in
my pocket you weren't turned on so you
kind of where you can say you were there
it's exciting times tell the kids to
pack their bags
Harley there's a bit of Hittle right
there look at that I'll be I'll be
fiddle you made that he made a little
dragon or something he drew a little
trip picture first earlier the welcoming
committee
djenka hey guys guess what guess what we
may have found a new home if you like a
new house monkeys what's going on
Rapunzel weirdo get pillows and
everything
squeaky Olaf what I don't think you
should take everything out of there
though I have a feeling that maybe we
shouldn't take everything out of there
though all right guys we need to go
downstairs need to go downtown you want
a painting room upstairs in one at all
but you need to go downstairs yeah we
are upstairs you can't go any
opportunist ass bowing one because no
one deceive the neighbors toys the
neighbors toys yeah bucket dozen a this
house which is the neighbor's house this
house under and they have the neighbor's
house has huh a Poppa pig bad Papa jack
are you gone mad
who's the neighbor is this the
neighbor's house and in dissin a
Bursar's is these all neighboring houses
oh I didn't know we're playing neighbors
I thought we were playing home in a way
doomed Shh
I am so bad at keeping secrets like I
was gonna save this for Easter but then
I just don√≠t fit as I were just sitting
here I mean I was like I got you mr.
price couldn't keep it in any longer
Oh things is so happy so from like this
vintage collection or something yeah
it's like old-school like vintage oh my
god
luckily that's so cool isn't it I like
bringing the old ones yeah checks late I
know
am i vintage ads hmm am i a vintage I
don't know why he's right chocolate is
better than chocolate see I don't really
like Easter eggs
something about or you'd rather be
invented like like a giant egg you know
they're just too small
I put the mat yeah probably 40 kids
either one yeah all hell breaks tech
school is the lion bar though
a ladybird what did the ladybird say he
Santa hey Santa please visit tonight the
trismus Treat jingles the eggnog smells
so sweet
the stockings on account for the gifts
not your feet excited young children
with heads full of wishes make mince
pies and big juicy carrots on dishes
you enter the kitchen and turn on the
light not spotting that figure who
ducked out of sight you're still
half-asleep you don't find it weird that
the broom has a hat and a coat and a
beer oh you go to the cupboard to get
the mince pie and all without spotting
is Clara sighs you open the fridge so
you don't hear that sound of Santa who
is running off into your lap with a
plate in your hand your head off to the
tree you're feeling so sleepy you don't
even see a sight that would have your
heart skipping the curtains are sprouted
to Santos eyes still sleepy you head
back to bed with a smile the panic is
over it's hoping worthwhile you climbed
the staircase not once looking back as a
chuckling Santa
