I pens say happen it's Monday morning
and it wired us going swimming and
Amelia's going to school you could just
basically go swimming outside it so
rainy
wow that's for daddy
mm-hmm for Amelia do you want to learn
gymnastics
no what you want to do Amelia starting
swimming this week as well go Weezer's
it's not one rose parent participation
classes she's down their own cuz we
figured that sometimes amelia is better
behaved she respects it's hard ha ha she
doesn't expect to your tour time you
know and you guys have kids you know
it's like if I say I mean yeah let's go
swimmin she'll cry and hold on to me
because she knows I'm like her comfort
blanket but when the parents aren't
there they're they're better behaved now
right little monkey man we gotta go get
Amelia drop her to school he's assuming
hugs we gotta run we know we got wet we
don't want to go
that's not much of a problem
this is the epitome of a Monday morning
lats
you've got rain you've got traffic it's
cold it's early in the morning it's kind
of dark outside or even reversing always
reversing on a Monday morning Oh too
many peeps not enough quips hello madam
you ready for a runny situation
bringing up Daisy
bringing it up Daisy thing and up Daisy
I love when this happens I get Jonathan
now to put the heating on in here before
I work at oh he put this little heater
on so it's been toasting up for me nice
so I'm gonna do my Monday morning
workout today it's like pretty late
actually it's almost 10 o'clock but um I
just procrastinate sometimes some
mornings I'm good at it in some mornings
I'm like takes ages but anyway gonna do
my work at now and if you want to see
the workout go to my what a8 Wednesday
and you can see all my work it's there
every Wednesday grantee bone
welcome to the ah yeah
hey when I go to Martin's and get the
milk and missing items
you gotta want missing items I don't
know you tell me you're the boss
oh no milk for you look for me for the
kid
no for the kids and I'm fine you don't
need to get didn't know anything just at
home
Organic warm milk soy milk you know
you're really milking this situation
so this is the muck I got this is tuned
up I'm fine they're cats and then the
kids get I usually get the craving Dale
but I want the craving now full fight
got it
oh let me go
No
there's always an extra Milky built
somewhere
always
it's not late she says daddy when to
love yourself before anyone else the
last in their lives
that was an Irish band called as then
they have had a massive influence thank
you thank you thank you thank you thank
you is that you're too good not Christie
you talking to me the greeting party
hello harto you see a birdie was it a
big birdie or a little birdie which kind
of birdie was it kind of person was it a
little birdie Wow Wow did you give it a
name
Wow oh is it just called no name Wow
it's calling me Mia the little birdie
Wow oh that's cute is Amelia your
favorite name oh you hold it hello hello
from Eduardo flood I left all the milk
and stuff in the car and it's back from
her workouts working out look at this
the usual set up this is the slide into
today oh how come all jeans or rip these
I'm not wearing with jeans these are the
only jeans I own that aren't ripped all
jeans a reputation I mean aren't all
jeans ripped it is it's like every jean
you buy is ripped that's right you know
that's good you know could be popular
next dented cars yeah you're going to
buy a new car the guy walks up boom the
manufactures make them with like holes
in the side of I got this lovely stone
washed crashed car you disappear like
you owe me an iPad with a crack screen
on integers oh yeah I like
crack on that good crack on that screen
there it worked even more so this is the
new one
oh the charters oh that's cool actually
no it's not the Chinese oh yeah can you
put the charms into a chain boom look at
me I've just revolutionize your entire
jewellery range know what I don't know
yeah but it's cool no you can wear both
of them it kind of adds like something
different now you can wear both of them
it is cool
time to get a haircut no more messing
around no more mr. shott be hair on the
side of my head that's hitting by the
top of my hat for more than six thousand
years the art of cutting hair has been
practiced as a craft and we're done Oh
doesn't see we just did the sides and
the back and stuff but it's nice to have
some sort of a haircut but I like it I
like it i sharp I look sharp sharp eh
right what time is it oh my goodness
okay you gotta go collect Amelia oh
let's go get the child watch out for the
bike it's gonna get the child don't
squeeze me too much
hey daddy got a haircut yeah you did you
go decide must we must we always must we
always Amelia what's this over here
whoa
Amelia's pink car seat fuck this me this
mean you know what this Amelia's one
luck
why do has one - in the car do you love
it Amelia did you say thank you to mommy
and daddy is anybody else excited as I
am
look at this eight hours and 55 minutes
oh no wait go back oh it's ready and the
coolest thing about the new Playstation
we're not the new PlayStation but
PlayStation 4 is that if you leave it on
standby mode it turns on at midnight in
89 the act of the PlayStation 4 is gonna
boot up and download it and it'll be
ready for me so cool look at it there oh
no I press the button wait why what's
happening what's happening is it we're
uh-huh for a second here I thought it
was actually got a boot up but I was
like let's have I just discovered a
secret anyway I'm just gonna sit here
for the next eight hours and 57 minutes
and wait for the livestream hello mister
man did you have a nice sleepy sleep
falls asleep asleep asleep asleep I have
to go take pictures of mommy who's that
who is it
Oh in the back and the back it goes
lights no no no no shoes on daddy has to
go take pictures for mommy look at these
chairs right oh oh thanks
are you photo ready what yeah me me as
chairs yeah yeah media's Janice cool huh
I should have brought a hatch oh my
goodness my head is freezing I had his
extra call because I got a haircut it'll
cool look kinda like ghetto with the hat
spinning and Danna can't touch this damn
the man's eating all the cakes is it the
king the king is eating all the cakes
how does it mean they overhear the media
oh you in a trance you in the TV trance
go it's a race it's a race who's gonna
be the winner who's gonna be the winner
okay why don't the camera video man who
had their hair in the bath yeah Amelia
what your hair in the bath okay mommy
sad is mommy sad in media what your hair
yeah you know we can do to fix it yeah
yeah
you ready you ready so Amelia did you
get your hair wet did you get your hair
wet in the bath no your hair isn't wet
oh I thought your hair was wet so your
hair's not wet so if I do this it's not
wet what your huh nobody
but you rock you want a book yeah
which book do you want a doggie book all
right we'll do the dougie buck sit down
Dougie has a donkey who likes to take a
swim
splish-splash-splosh can you find him
yeah what does the duck say yeah quack
like what does the donkey say what
froggie has it doggy who likes to run
and chase where's that speedy dog
can you guess his hiding place yeah it
wasn't a good thing
Wow what is that frog easy let me admit
it I love you missed you
