Sunday morning laptop Club had to put
the headphone gun because we were
watching t different things
I was driving us mad no I could it was
two different shows playing it was like
my brain was gonna explode ads the kids
have come between us I had to put them
up there as well because they are
squishing me here too
all the intro
right
need to bring this to the car this is a
baby back
and these are some presents this thing
here which is gone
I talked to is the thing on the front my
mom got me food plot this for eduardo
when he was like a little baby we never
used it because by the time she bought
it by the time she actually got it to us
Eduardo was no longer baby but you kind
of like you see how it works it's like
you dip the kid into it and you hold
them up and you kind of like they kind
of stand in it a little bit but we're
heading as Adam and Sabrina they're
friends of ours who just had a little
baby boy named late clunk and of course
it's raining the porch is cold but it's
okay because it's a sunny Sunday it's so
hot it's gonna get sunny all right
doggies in stock how do we feel about
going inside this afternoon morning time
what do you think dig it's goer take
it's a winner
pretty sure the doors this way oh it's
monster world oh come on it's get ready
to go wait oh I like you she's not your
type things
what breeding a grape yeah come on we
can have a great time a great bowl time
now I haven't even stepped in yet you
this is the snack selection fun trip
let's go team let's go team have a nice
time guys bye
careful wardo word out you're notorious
no mom has two snacks yes we just having
a bit of free cat thinking we're
offering in snacks Wow okay mister come
on slowpoke
hey fast poke here weirdo weirdo okay is
the family ready to go I mean are you
ready to go why no you ready to go yeah
and mommy you ready to go yeah dad are
you ready to go yes
get out of here folks
and welcome to London friends strollers
out present ace daddy's right here
daddy's right here the giant was a white
g-wagen behind us
oh I did look at a g-wagen before about
this job but em they're nice and all but
the interior huh their crew looking on
the outside but they stand out of it too
much I think watch your shoes Oh No
look guys that g-wagen are talking about
I was Pinkie Pie coming to hold on
pinkie pie dough you don't want to loser
should be off having her own London
adventure this is gonna be a bit bumpy
lads Oh
this stroller fails so bad I getting up
and down hopes like it's so cool it's
such a good one was I keep saying what
it's terrible at the bumps okay better
like it
inflated tire exactly that's where right
now right now this is the genius is the
best contraption right now until there's
no contraption I think this is until
there's no contraption or until someone
ruins it all has more kids perfect but I
heard a rumor you have a new brother
yeah oh where is it oh they can't even
what we can't find him Oh what we've
lost the baby let's lost the baby then
dance then and real what Amelia is Louie
your boyfriend
exactly as your boyfriend is it yeah so
something like a fella sorry are you
hiding something robot are you Eduardo I
doubt what happened
he was even more ambassy was so pretty
before running away
nice are you running away why no what
happened what happened what happened
he's not his brave he's at his brave hmm
oh my goodness ah sleepy he's right oh
hello that's top what we're gonna scare
everybody okay
ready ready 1 look it's the quiet room
that's cool and quiet
is this the quiet room no way this can
exit I'm waiting for a date wire things
it dad can you get that chance today yes
Madison Cyrus birthday together what's
up white oh are they too noisy you want
to see what a traditional London garden
looks like
let's go guys the left or the right
look that's a little yard
you don't want soggy socks soggy socks
huh this is this is why we don't live in
London lads London garden
our back garden is that that garden is
worth more money than our garden it's
got a higher value
hey soggy sucks fuck away soggy sucks
back away Oh Amelia who's that it's a
new baby so real is it okay that baby's
got more hair than me what's going on
here the mold ahead and I don't know if
you see the baby it's not a kitty cat
Amelia don't eat the baby or cheese
either Qi what do you do oh that's a
cute that she actually oh my god don't
drop him Jonathan I might he's like
holding him like Oh like you didn't like
you hold a week yeah we oh look at the
little thing she Jonathan mother didn't
even have to hold him yet the way you
like put your stomach and get chance for
life two brushes yeah and it's with tiny
huh Eduardo uncle I know I know
why was it dis Marty how much do you
weigh so seventh oh you should huge to
keep on out yeah yeah Charlotte touching
his hands cuz he's only teeny tiny yes
let me thank you about my phone Eduardo
do energy so who's gonna see him you see
where did you get that water doesn't
care how can thank you no thank you
is really funny kid you know and sappy
finger then he was like whispering for
me I know I hate him and she's doing the
same but the way she's gonna be a mommy
put your finger what you think I'd Mina
oh this is that boy do you love him
I think Jonathan's more broody than
anyone here nothing like he was like
into me like my body Johnny I don't let
your track time so I was like why did I
did when I when I saw him I got like
tears my like I I stopped almost are
crying about the hush I know okay yeah I
know looking like a mommy I don't know
oh my gosh like a rose reverse I know no
I did I started crying a little bit when
I yeah yeah yeah nice I can't read
Jonathan he's not a puppy
what is going on in this house what's
going on in this house
hey spider-man hey Warren oh man ah
weapon I don't think you would miss it
oh you want to see a magic trick
Oh turn it around okay ready what are
you thinking up security
in Beirut
just been to be written back favorite in
bag yeah well the girls are sitting at
home with the kids like we just left
everyone and went to Beirut sun is
shining we're heading the pill now
hitting the pool Hough yeah I don't know
anything else that but Sabrina Adam have
started a blog I leave a link down below
check him out he said once every six
months he's gonna when's the next video
although we're be encouraged service of
it sooner but neck Garvey likes videos
out in the twenty seventh of F which is
like for a disclaimer Adam did a
vertical flog on his phone apology
studies apologizing I'm an amateur hey I
was like vertical logging Adam is it's
frowned upon in the community learning
for my sensei here hey Eduardo did you
art out he got such a fright hey were no
games left to right here to hold why are
you saying that he's like go outside
wait for your father head Amenia what's
going on mommy
what i media whose baby is that
Oh and who's the daddy you're the daddy
that's your second baby well who's this
way we he's up so this is a monster baby
your actual baby and your husband yeah
savvier tell me what what what plans do
you have what kind of career prospects
do you have NBA you just tell your
father in love what what what are you
bringing to table how are you gonna take
care of media and her children
you got in banking I don't know that's a
good strategy
are your home I'm going to get into
banking and hide from the monitors I put
your office shuffle you like to someone
savvier what you want to be when you
grow up a builder cookies Amelia what
you want to be Amelia what you want to
Beauty grow a crooner but what you want
to do is your job be a mile a mom you
know you can be a mommy and a daddy and
a grown-up and you can have a job
your husband's a builder what are you
gonna be oh look at the mummy and daddy
you wouldn't believe this huh he died oh
I'm gonna put the hand in the B oh it's
been almost an hour since we left
Sabrina and Adams as Eduardo is asleep
Mia's happy watching cartoons I'm hoping
that whenever we magically cross this
bridge everything's gonna be better
everything's gonna be better believe in
the magic bridge lads cross your fingers
leave comments I believe in the magic
bridge and maybe just maybe here we go
and we are across the bridge ah
today we'll be home
Anna is that currently starving starving
set tone
I'm just hungry is that London is that
that's not the POTUS isn't that of
course is not the palace the castle gave
Castle giving the dungeon no the Tower
of London Tower of London oh it's just a
cathedral or a church or something yeah
it's not only mighty it now hold on one
second funds it's not when you think
enough to be the terror or look at this
MA
traffic's good oh it works oh no wait
it's just on the other side of those
lights exactly in wardo
exactly look five guys yeah it's torture
passing loads of places Jonathan but you
cannot stop can you
it's like you pass all these lovely
restaurants on like looking in at the
food like you dare with the palette of
food look where is he going with that
palace pan
hey paper Jesus stationery paper shakes
I thought it said like tar you chose our
walk Obamas are something that's
squiggly and we made it home eventually
where are we yeah oh no we're not
who said rare amethyst or no do you
think right oh my house yeah well we uh
we aren't we're out of me and a ward
owes house and sometimes mommy and
daddy's house and sometimes Albion
zena's and newbies in the bay
I'm Ganga there's a hole in my tummy
oh no gotta put a baby in
