all righty rules lads work is completed
Lee done these times go have some fun
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
welcome to this at Coney Jolie's block
this was mainly bought for travel but
it's just so amazing that it's going to
be used look at this
it's gonna be used so much do you guys
want to see a magic trick one of the
main things when looking at strollers
legs the ease ability of doing that is
really important because you've got 700
million kids running all over the place
you need to be able to do that really
really fast this fella it's good for it
also helps to get a run intro ok I
cannot talk about the stroller like
honestly right no affiliation by the way
no Brandon filly at all whatsoever but
okay it's not the prettiest roller in
the world yeah I accept it it is not the
prettiest roller in the world we've had
much prettier strollers than that but
never more functionable strollers than I
not not know probably because our life
is never a strap but right now having
the kids that we have at the ages that
they're at and it's the most epic juvey
groovy throws the situation hello Xena
hello you
that's what I tied it up in that hole
because so because it's a list did you
put this in here huh okay I got the
stroller in the car kids are putting the
wisp on or something the wrist oh is it
like a necklace you see that it's like
the cross like that
no no maybe it's a wrist lace wonder
what are the what's the neck brace that
you put your wrist call again no the one
you put on your wrist it's a wick know
what they're calling it all right
bracelet oh boy
there's always one all right going see
you later
have fun in the park bye oh you want me
to come - oh okay get out of here by
media by word oh whoa whoa fancy seat
for why though fancy seat for a fancy
man your fancy man bunk you compunction
hey no you didn't got some postage from
Ireland Margaret sent a book for the
kids and Whateley see this let's all I
sent you a present yeah Eddie's toolbox
which one you want you want Eddie's
toolbox think that's where Eduardo
Wilfred to the rescue
you take this one say thank you oh ma
why Dola Eddie's toolbox say thank you
oh ma are you ready high fashion high
fashion
Oh work it work it so when we were in
Ireland myself and Anna went to the end
it's it's quite the DVLA of Arland
because and i got a brand-new license a
four license because she had her
certificate of compensate which nearly
ran out by four days oh my god I was
like on the line yeah I did the same
thing by the way most people do it but
like yeah I was like remember two years
ago right
oh yeah but go do that now then we move
to the UK then we didn't get a chance to
do me right yeah it is cool you like it
right so I have I got my driving license
in 1998 and man like used to get this
big pink lock and they kept a big book
for ages and I always wanted to change
and he said you couldn't change out to
the new driving licence thing and then I
realized that I had actually changed my
name legally and to saucony Jolie so I
didn't I was like I'll change my name
can I get one I'm BAM I got one I have a
cool new license I don't have the stupid
big book anymore new driving license old
driving license honestly which one would
you pick this thing is ridiculous this
makes more sense all round and yes I do
have a license to drive a tractor
because we travel so much me rent cars
all around the world and its own but did
he want to see it yeah its own look at
the Toyota with the licences this is so
much easier to have the credit card
license but yeah oh that was cool
that's lads we're doing it we're doing
it look it happened it happened Oh
Kitty's spot Kitty's spot love the Kitty
spots definitely when you're too often
this is the plan 16 laps of this until
you fall asleep
all right you ready I think I think this
is one of these self-driving ones is
wrong all right ready
welcome welcome
now what do you want to go first wings
Department off-road off-road driving
tire experi I won't do really fast we do
it like wider does it yeah we do it like
they do on the Discovery Channel do it
again now dig in now huh look at you two
huh pair of monkeys swinging on your
tires
no zipline the fun ride oh he does look
like he's happy birdie birdie
swinging along the fridge Emilia they
were in the fridge what if I left you at
the playground and you didn't open the
fridge huh where's time to ever come
shopping in Saturday it's men's mother
700 million people here 300 million
months me that is not an exaggeration
I'm here for one thing it's gonna take
about 16 hours okay it's gone it's the
big hill in town you gotta take a run
you guys okay in there HUD's on oh we
make it Bowie
we got our permission to go it's raining
it's officially raining and pouring did
you hear that
the old man snoring
look at you two getting hurt
not cut just done I'll color color the
hair alright I think I'm gonna go to car
you chose this place with us Italian I'm
gonna feel my today in the rain
Carluccio's might be calling me there's
a spot outside the door but we parts
wait and the other end to the high
station oh no and there was peace in the
world because they invented breadsticks
I love this shirt on him I love this
shirt I need to get a matching shirt so
cute I really want I really want one
time to go out we're out of the media
I'm acting I mean Eduardo I'm watching
he's so cool you ever go to some big
like premiere thing except you never
bother going to any of them what did we
ever do go to one which is all like just
nothing
yeah what's that
do you remember that remember that part
is a closer closer closer you know why
do you do it
no daddy do it it was a little no yeah
there's no initial that is you're a son
of a gun yeah what is that who's that
who's that Melia he's over here why doe
with that e for Eduardo why whatever you
do don't move you have to sleep turn man
tonight my day in the bath so I don't
want to use them whoa you guys having a
nail appointment yeah do you have an
appointment okay oh look at this one
Amelia this is a fun one which are you
gonna pick yeah there's so much to
choose from
hmm at mommy salon the special ones so
which one are you gonna choose
my D
got it below
no can't that's why water doesn't get it
done cuz he's only a baby he
like
you think
that's right
what do you do Bianca we call this time
in a day it's a new crazy game we've
invented it's called do it again all
right this is it
the finale you ready start off slow then
we'll get the build-up going with that
fine with that fine oh you want to go
again little boys the nuts he's a crazy
with Ladd what we got in trouble I mean
yeah it is Friday night right yeah
Stefan it's definitely definitely Friday
night right you can have a pizza party
on a Saturday night you can I guess
look at these little kiddos in here
right look at them all couldn't look
together
oh my goodness guys I'll actually just
drop the pizza on the floor
no cute is that seriously I'm gonna even
go
okay nobody needs to know about that
fact
who wants a pizza party you want a pizza
party holla medias not allowed to have a
pizza party
oh honey why no weirdo having a pizza
party immediate living vegetables
vegetable party yeah oh yeah yeah do you
want Amenas pizza yeah what do we do
what I mean is pizza
did she trance wipe you yes wait we're
not swiping Swiper swipes now there may
be a situation with the play-doh now
there is a chance I'm going to need to
hear poor Loula hyper dogs going into
the kitchen let's go let's get her Pizza
powder
