good morning Amelia and Eduardo your
fishy so media has decided that guys
come on right now you have to sit on
Amelia's lap and you have to read a
story all right
horsey horsey the doll right
with the frosty situation let's put the
pool back guys and there this is the
pool and this is all the parts oh my
goodness it's like so frozen's I go over
there in this corner if you're ever
wondering what that was
oh my goodness like how frozen that
looks oh I'm just gonna started it up so
it's nice and warm let's turn this on
Bing Bing I want a warm bum are you a
cool dude ready for school you know that
you're a super famous gift in holidays
when when you put your glasses down and
then pull them back up again yeah
white doggie friends my mommy friends
boy white o friend I heated the car up
waaah birdies oh there's a bird on the
thing don't scare the bird away it's a
little Robin yeah cool it's a little
Robin he's having a munch oh thanks for
breakfast guys
hi super Ricky
oh I super again do you watch the
morning cartoons for school I better
look at the diva yeah you got a new one
coming too a pink one special yeah now
Amelia's one is special guys that's why
it's taken longer to get here Wow not
because it's so that and they have to
reorder them nope because it's special
you have to mine them okay don't lose
them alright I mean isn't school oh it
is cold and it is sunny nods I like your
hat and actually matches like this the
color the higher and then the white and
in the Hat up then your hair and the
bobble and your jumper and everything I
hope you're wearing white oh you get did
the hugs kind of do this up they're all
one giant collection I'm gonna be late
the cape on it matches sure dude why
don't make it painting school a fishy
under the sea esj awesome your initials
that's cool yes Jay huh yeah you should
get that tattooed on your arm somewhere
you'd look cool
I won't tell mom okay the our secrecy is
a your fishy block block block block
block thank you fish bit me it's a
piranha
what else you make well you get let's
you got now octopus it's a crab kneel
snip snip snip snip snip snip all right
what is it gonna scrub
yes pouring India's janus might look at
this you so much avocado because we make
like avocado paste and you can put it
like with anything like you know if
there's any footer so you use that but
avocados cakes okay and bonus points
it's actually good for you as well this
arriving for lunch to broccoli bitter
this not quite more like this to myself
and water we're doing this audition for
its Marcus you ready I'm gonna catch him
hey ready we're available for bookings
and parties
Oh
how does LD how do you do a leak
well she channels pictures wha-hoo yeah
oh my goodness guys check that out you
can see in the video it's on Ellie's
Channel oh my god Jonathan and I are
seven years old
that is nuts how you did that video
that's incredible I'm sitting it I just
sent it off and I was like you know I
rain rain go away come again that day
don't be hatin on this on call home back
I'll kiss your bum it's the remake let's
boom boom boom boom
so water saw me leaving look how shiny
Daddy's car is where did you see the
shininess of it
did you see the shininess was that he
had a clean and Cheney yeah rain rain go
away your areas because he always spots
me leaving and any hairs becoming
understands and he runs out it's like I
go with you daddy
daddy go collect Amelia I go with you
daddy Mike come on mate impromptu dance
party impromptu dance party in the car
gonna gonna come to meet Leah we're
cruising little role gonna click the
mute e oh god why don't win the back and
he's cruising like a GG home dog not
crow dog I like a tasty corn dog with
sweet chili sauce in a banana sauce in
cheesecake and tasty pudding what am I
seeing I don't really know but when
Lester
this is just because it's really sunny
outside
I think it's funny and hailstone a
colectomy mia
puppet poppet - poppet sunny and rainy
more I know huh he's gonna wash the
spider out
don't came to rain there comes the fun
oh you can't make its mind up oh nice
obsession is avocado diced up into a
thing some mature cheese and a big clump
of salmon on a bagel it's so good why
I've never put that cheese down to the
dairy my I'm trying continue um thanks
immature I don't like Philadelphia these
two these two go we do out together yeah
but I was like I'm gonna try something
different cuz you got it and I was like
I'm gonna add this and see it makes a
difference a cheesy fish why it might go
hello mister cute boy you look like one
of those majorette drummers don't you
dance dance new dance okie dokie dukey's
right see this here this has been here
for way too long how many times have I
said Oh guys got rayna's to the charity
shop it's happening right now no excuses
you there you there you're in you're
involved there's this waters under car
seat hey your car can't wait we don't
wants to come the pink ones first I have
to take photographs where you want us to
cameras all funky funky situations all
my goodness five years Wow you should
bring that back I'm bringing vlogging
back yep boom boom work it work it work
it
all right that's it clunk it's helpful
you know when I was younger my mom used
to do this every year all you have to go
around it away close it around my mom
used to the same wire she'd always like
going to our rooms and like take all the
toys the chief felt that we wouldn't
play with anymore and give them away to
charity
there's always something noise sometimes
you come home from school and like all
your toys are gone and you're like
what's this Tommy it's a charity shop on
the high street we were saying imagine a
million edoardo walked past and looked
in the window and was like hey wait a
second that's my choice you know and
you're like much it was like musical dog
I wanted her like really important toys
no no no it never would be because the
ones that were there were like Disney
toys that she has but like she wouldn't
get noticed because like it could be
anyone it has those kids she has a lot
of toys that's honest
now hopefully it's not full oh no looks
like there's loads of space there okay
oh the rain has come the rain has come
it okay what if we got here Salvation
Army clothing and shoes underwear socks
their cars cut-offs dry clothes curtains
neither of these say toys kids toys
they're all like shoes and socks and
stuff maybe we should go through that
one in the high street like lucky like
none of them actually specified kids
toys maybe should go somewhere else
you know loathing oh we have clothes
okay not for twice yeah okay please
don't fall out huh
okay let's check the bikes all right
step one in the bag
you name the bike the bike is in ten you
think the same thing alright let's go
find a place we can dump the toys off
alright the kiddie one here it's kind of
difficult because it's just on the edge
but I always see people parked here okay
oh sorry Peter is it no there is there
yeah oh no wait I think you went too far
hey lady there was another one back
there with toys in it let's go around
yeah it had a lot of toys in it sorry
well like I told you so it's basically
beside pills basically beside bills lads
where's the hazard lights yeah okay
I'll run it an idealist you just bring
stuff in like fights that okay boys yeah
yeah they said it's fine just in black
bags are still there all right high five
boom we did something good today mm-hmm
that's connect got my brother and a
couple of boys couple of the boys on the
Internet's nuts playing the bitterest oh
my god and you guys playing this it's to
die in my dlc the following epic
although came out like a week after the
new black ops new black ops DLC came out
which was amazing we were playing out we
got the crossbows and did everything you
may know what the hell I'm talking about
all right bone arrows and then this came
out and in next week Far Cry comes out
it's like it was like a bonanza right
now at the moment but epic got me
teasers got my water oh hello let's do
this I went from shooting zombies - Tom
and Jerry Jerry what's the story Tom and
Jerry wouldn't you like to know
la la la la la la la
classics friends hi my name is wardo and
i'm vlogging
how was the bath wardo was it nice oh
okay weirdo has this oil on but he got
his little hair what did you wet your
hair did Amelia wet your hair who wait
your hair why don't like his own hair
you know what that means
did you enjoy your bath
did somebody wet your hair who wet your
hair why no way your hair why don't owe
me you at his hair well you know what's
coming now in the Great Green Room there
was a telephone and a red balloon and a
picture of a picture of yeah the cow
jumping over the moon there were three
little bears sitting on chairs what if
we skip the beige there were two little
kittens and a pair of me and little toy
house and a young little mess and a comb
and a brush and a bullet it is party and
a quiet or maybe whispering good night
good night light good night red balloon
good night Bears
good night chairs say good night friends
bye friends Freddy see you tomorrow
thanks for watching French bathroom by
sand
