hello friends I'm able to be ridiculous
please hold new URLs I better come help
you maybe it may be gay okay
as if we didn't have enough of these I
was thinking about doing this a while
ago right swapping it for these because
these are just so good
the Ricardo young sports within em
myself and I know we're looking online
these two are actually Eduardo's Emilia
is there's a delay and there's going to
be another like two weeks before media
comes but we got Emilia a pink see and
Eduardo of blue seat we now have another
700 million car seats
good morning friends do you want to see
something cool yeah this is Eduardo Swan
and media hasn't come yet
okay would you want to see it why does
one I said it's a new it's a new
cardboard car seats it's all the rage
now environmentally friendly yeah that's
it that's basically it what are you
singing what sound is that get my best
dog called the ladybug sign goodnight
son
does water know the ladybirds huh well I
can teach it can you
okay you teach water to lady bird song
on your new cool sorry
so everyone I get a new thing two kids
sitting on it I'm saying that it's the
new thing alright we'll be open the box
guys does why don't like it this far
don't like his new seat this is just for
Eduardo no Amelia just Eduardo that's a
serious face do you like it it's a race
car seat
yeah a racecar speeding his water a
racecar driver so he can do blast offs
is wider like blast off
no no blast off in Daddy's car yeah no
yeah okay
Amelia got a pink one what color is this
yeah very good
like she's older oh yeah Albie you know
Radhika friend of ours from Florida she
sent some Indian clothes it waters it
yeah Eduardo's in a Bollywood movie look
at him what about you oh is it a
pheasant a pheasant I'm not a peasant
clucking I'm a peasant look her son say
that really fast say thank you or dica
thank you you think you Radhika know
like it says in the back this is what it
is fab fab India I think it is okay okay
anything time editing time get a cup
before editing time you can also add a
snack because it's tasty and it's quick
okay so I'm doing my workout now just
read start I'm freezing my bum off so
I'm at this little heater which is
amazing amazing this is making me not so
cold oh I need to do a bit of a warm-up
before I get started but it's a nice
bright and cheerful day it's just
freezing cold but Thursday second last
workout of the week I definitely gained
some weight when we went to Ireland
definitely a hundred percent cuz we ate
everything the night and I had pudding
every single night and I ate just
whatever I wanted which was amazing
which you should do and I still worked
out but not I think it was the weekend
that did the most damage because it was
Jonathan's birthday and everything and I
just like picked out what it was amazing
and it was worth it so I'm trying but
like we had date night last night and
obviously I got dessert I just like I
just believe in balance like you
shouldn't have to kill yourself you know
or like I don't know before I had kids I
was so I was much more like kind of not
upset yeah kind of obsessed but like
about having like the perfect body and
like looking great in a bikini and all
this stuff and now I'm just like like
you need to like accept your natural
body for what it is like so kind of do
what works for you without killing
yourself like obviously we all want to
look good
you can't like kill yourself to look a
certain way and then try and maintain
that for the rest of your life is just
not it's not natural it's not like
possible so well I don't believe it is
anyway I don't believe that I should
that anybody should kill themselves to
look a certain way I think you should
kind of accept more of what you look
like and then just like
oh my voice is trembling because it's
like it's cold this warm air is coming
at me but you know what I mean like I
just feel like now I'm a lot more like
I'm not happier with just or I'm trying
to with kind of how I am naturally
without killing myself and I believe
that you should enjoy yourself in life
and you should have your cake and eat it
but that's kind of how I want to live my
life and that's how I feel bad bad so I
don't know why this turned into a big
long rambling rent sorry about that but
just kind of my morning thoughts she
loves me she loves me not she loves me
imagine not yours it'll be our secret to
be a secret baby well your hand is
pretty cold it is you have a cold have
situation yeah well timed there's banana
does every single day deflated Anna and
then she does some has slides in there
this slide onto the vaginal machine just
likes lucky in like yeah I remember we
did the the apocalypse and everything
and your mind in the bunker had the bed
there like flew up was leaving it might
definitely wasn't Martin I think you're
thinking a moon boy Martin boom boom
boom
alright washing the car happening first
I'm gonna bring first ring to Benin so I
looked up where there was another jet
wash thing I know I could go and like
I'm right used to do is let you get that
out company to come to the house and
wash the cars but I kind of like washing
my own car like I like what cutting my
own grass you know to some things that I
kind of like doing you know for myself
even though you could get someone else
to do it for you it's like yeah but I
can't I kind of want to do it you know I
kind of want to do it I feel like yeah I
should do whoa whoa that's close oh no
that's a terrible I want a jet wash
oh wait maybe it was a jet wash to see
car wash for is the jet machine the
people in the UK not use jet washes or
something
wait is it all car washes but no chat
washes I have no idea where the
satellite navigation has brought me
apparently
it's near here somewhere Oh at the end
of the road left at the end of the road
like this does not look like the kind of
place where there's a jet wash does it
in here possibly but that's that's a
hand car wash thing no no no no no I
want I want a jet wash the car oh my
goodness that's it I give up I'm just
gonna buy anything instead here
oh my goodness right get the kids like a
mouse or something like a gerbil gym
legend Eduardo I don't know Romania with
Eduardo we blow a little day he's so
cute it up it up better lunch before you
do the car fan Bella greener and a bit
air
you always win lads hello
just heading upstairs to film my
bracelet video saw the video where I
launched like my bracelet and the site
has gone live now so if you guys are
interested in purchasing one you can
check it out at steel NASSCOM port
stroke and also coney and shake the
other there
hopefully cuz I neighbors are getting
some work done hopefully they don't see
me freak I think they're on the roof
that'll be awkward so you want to come
and help me wash my car
why not you too busy doing your puzzles
like this one but I really need your
help immediately help me guess daddy's
gonna go on his own and eat all the
chocolate and read all the frozen
magazines well Rosie why oh do you not
know so are you coming you coming to
help okay so I haven't got all the right
equipment we have this this is my bike
home but I have a new I don't want to
use that one anymore and then we have
this fella here and then we're gonna
plug it into the jet washy thing here
and this little suction thing here or is
it goes in to the bottle and sucks as
some of this stuff and then when I'm
finished wetting it
I'm gonna put the hose into this thing
and then apparently I'm gonna look like
that kid there looks pretty happy so
we're just look I guess or something
seriously let's look these cloud person
here look how nice they are they're so
nice but they're hidden hidden away
all right next stage get all head he
undergo here the dobro flat hardcore
mode apparently Amelia has made a rather
excessive claim you're saying you know
all of these letters
give me them okay okay okay
what's this letter okay watch this
better watch this better yeah good one
that's pretty good though what's this
letter hmm what's this letter x marks
the spot you're really good at this
I don't even know half of these what's
that L for lion was this and for a
Mickey Mouse what's this o for orange
you are beaten oh that's the a sport
snake what's this one pee pee pee why
what's the matter
thank you what's the letter
hey buddy ha ha no what's the letter
gotta go in come on come on come on come
on
20 come on come on let's go though it's
an obstacle course kabhi don't be afraid
and they trace your test
whoa whoa is this guy's a pirate the
pirate as well there's a fish a treasure
chest and nope Irish what I'm not
propose pick one in media
seriously seriously no no no did you
have it was that the one you wanted well
how about this one does that one look
good how about this one here oh this one
looks nice mm-hmm good mileage
Goodyear wow you're a big girl you know
oh all right off you go
you have mommy's list don't you
then-white let's go in the insurance
market Street do those
that's I think there's something fishy
going on here kipper you're a little
kipper you're a little nipper kipper who
those fish those fish should be battered
what jellied eels first you don't even
you know thank you don't be don't be too
dramatic right grab the bread don't
bribe the bread
don't break the bread oh my goodness
that's how I feel
start start the music all right
I'll get some salmon from Scottish
Scotland oh we got it
and repeat you are you watching
okay shiny got cars it's so clean and
shiny let's go guys come on inside
everybody
oh-ho-ho nearly lost a little on there
oh my goodness the commies go geese who
let the dogs out who the horns
