you want me to read you a book in the
morning time since when do you get a
book in the morning time since when do
you get a book in the morning guys hmm
this is a new thing that Eduardo
starting the morning book club come here
d-daddy cuddles I know first it's get
some breakfast a book first boom boom
boom boom boom boom boom bellied up by
the diminutive boom boom boom
his name's Eduardo he is my little son
sometimes I call my son of a gun because
he's so much fun
Emilia has a clipping dress and your
fingers stuck in it where are we off to
Fortune magazine Teresa Rico so last
night while Emilio isn't sleep well
wasn't going asleep I was reading her
I've gone back to putting Amelia to bed
now for the last little while it sort of
changes around a lot but we promised a
frozen magazine cause he only had a My
Little Pony Magazine and I said I'd get
one this little gang here
work it come on Amelia Amelia okay no
frozen magazine no frozen magazine it
was the magazine that's parents tip 101
mm-hmm this ago washing the car today
even though it's freezing today I was
all up for it yesterday when it was no
water sighs when it was nice and sunny
but now it's like freezing tall say you
see the level of dirt is beyond hey hey
don't do it don't do it don't it no
frozen magazine no frozen magazine
suddenly I have all the power suddenly I
have all the power
habit and amelia tallman can even wave
you was going to make it no nice yes
Bianca Navy lesbian evening oh the zip
of Destiny lads if Batman was a ballet
dancer Metis gonna school yeah why don't
want to go to school dizzy why don't
want an aeroplane
no I'll media an aeroplane do you want
to go over there okay
oh oh you just missed your flight shoes
on well that is his shoes on - why no
shoes why don't want to come for a
workout Wow no I don't want to do some
burpees yeah no Amelia I wanna do some
burpees yeah I'm not connecting Amelia
now you have to go to the library mister
for your class yeah get your shoes on
then so funny
right after Jimbo Jones that's fine for
tonight look girls go to sleep have an
arrest let me burpees everyone today
150 yeah
hello friends we have some exciting news
no not that exciting news
what have you got if you stolen
something on me so what are you guys
doing in Florida
what day is it today
no latest we're gonna play this
officially going to playlist guys yeah I
know I just had a shower after a workout
look at my hair chocolate maybe I'll
have hair by then lads huh I saw
something up to common you're right
don't worry about losing your hand I was
like you kind of forget that we get Jane
Gaynor at like a thousand new viewers
every single day so there's like a
thousand people every single day they
give no idea who we are or anything
about us
hi my name is Jonathan my bum is so
glossy and I'm Anna and I'm I'm were the
secona Jodie's and we're here today with
two Macmillan society thank you for
doing that thing will be our playlist
let's get your playlist tickets if you
want to call meet us there always
limited I think they meet up sir we're
doing everything we're doing like a
meet-up we're doing like a Q&A hangout
session within some panels and all that
kind of stuff
plenty of opportunity to see this bum in
person is it yeah you got a store bum
but more excitingly we're going to
Disney and how amazing is it go
this is Lucy's box 21 days is all it
takes
how cool is this me gonna be this year
oh my goodness like it's gonna be like
she Ariel when she meets Ariel we might
be bringing some special guests with us
to Florida for funsies mm-hmm we might
be bringing the dogs wasn't your child
my child
Alberto have fun everybody trying out
the trip here is the system oh hi Albie
he's the best dog to let go though clear
later bye piggy Devon
Oh guys guys guys I'm heading out and
I'm not happy well I am at the same time
that was scary okay my nails done I'm
just fine but I'm also
getting waxed I'm getting my bikini line
waxed information I don't really know
but I've never done it before so I'm
scared and I've heard it's gonna be
painful especially the first time so I'm
definitely freaking out and I'm really
late because I've been putting it off
like not been putting it off but I've
just been like sitting at home being
like oh it's almost 2 o'clock it's
almost 2 o'clock so I really need to
just go and do this but I'm so scared
it's gonna be so sore are you having a
lunch right Oh what you're not having
lunch
are you having cucumber and salmon in a
sandwich yeah nice you do it this way is
that way better yeah good call good shot
at right I'm going to get a frozen
magazine you know yeah do you want a
magazine yeah I am going to correct the
media very very observant of you what
kind of magazine would you like I've
only got one another magazine there'll
be a fight there will be a fighting
anyway they always fight they fight and
make up and love each other and hate
each other all in the same moment
they're a funny Bunch I just got waxed
oh my god it was okay but yeah she
wasn't up behind
I'm completely buried I'm there like I
look like a media basic you
I'm completely bare with us what I
wanted to do but I've always like I
don't know this 200 write him but I've
always shaved and then basically it gave
myself a reason burn which was so
painful and this actually when I think
about it it's so much better like the
pain for when you are having it like
that short period of time is so worth it
I'm so happy with that but
was insane like so glad I did it
like first time is over cuz not supposed
to be the worst so upstairs in my little
room I'm gonna head down for my manicure
now I'm so excited to just relax gotta
collect media one I'm in Marsden's car
park kind of cruising cruisin for a
bruisin I'm gonna have to like if I
can't find a parking spot almost
immediately
I'm gonna have to abandon this plan I
would never take this spot if I had kids
at me look at this person you can see
the reversing camera why would you walk
behind the reversing car are you guys
keep an eye on Reversi spot let me know
in all the red light show you know we're
in trouble I got one why wouldn't you
tell me smoke not long I mean I actually
be able to get out of the car look
actual frozen magazine with a light of
ones we are doing this thing's we are
making this I'm kind of half king the
car here at the same time oh look at
that
12:59 and we're here and I got my nails
done it's like a Barbie pink
it's called gotcha that's what it looks
like I'm really happy with this it
doesn't go with what I'm wearing today
but I just want it puke for some reason
so I walked in the door to classroom and
the teachers like did you get the frozen
magazine were you telling everybody
about the frozen magazine today you told
everybody
yeah we go and see if it's in the car
let's go check
and here you have in the seat yeah okay
yeah okay
we have to open all of them of lightning
very very frightening
why is he sucking the Florida
what is up in a fire what is that gonna
fly
wait why are they looking at door what's
waters we're gonna fly come on climb
aboard come aboard starship daddy
no I'm star trekkin across the universe
first
need to get our socks there's one he's
missing up a good besties say besties
yeah besties yeah I don't be best
friends
ah unless you're besties watch ad you
driving oh my good did you see him and
threw him in there huh that was nuts
date nice done today I get to go on a
date with this hmm way to think of that
fishing back well he do look like a
fisherman all right
it's lashing right now or a serial
killer do you have a hook at the hand
all right but it is lashing rain lads
it's a rainy lashing situation we got a
good spot oh you got a good spot near
the restaurant ace go into old bills
old bills we're only here once I think
before do I tell them what we did today
od you didn't vlog the housework oh my
goodness
should I get it done in a week in
solidarity is for you
that was an extreme joke I don't know if
I'm ready bro
here we go the Pizza Hut glad the rain
isn't actually that bad tonight it isn't
it bad is it here is it again oh look
this table no one's sitting on the
outside tables running 20 get an outside
table alright lads
I know you want the food Anna got that a
loony loony burger with polenta fries on
outside
sweet sweet potato fries I got sweet
potato fries and a chicken and crispy
burger and I got some cheese
lettuce in my burger and oh I also got
this thing I gotta memorize peach and
strawberry or something and watermelon
this is a date night meal I'll see you
the desert anyway this is what we got
for the desert situation I went with the
lemon meringue Oh boys what did you go
Fernando mrs. McGill
you can hi
so I got another one of these but I got
small innocent little most Mungo Bungo
licious that's good
look at this waffles crepes milk trypsin
gelato we need to do it we need to do it
didn't even know about us know any guys
there you like pick one pick one quick
what imagine is that easy performed
League lads
if only anyway how did you enjoy join a
critique the steak is really good
oh I got too much it was so filling all
right
it's a cool cool situation now sit here
until the babysitter's finished
