come on good morning friends we are
heading to the park out oh yeah you
gotta try
we're heading to dance class and via the
park one of the parks worth for a little
run around and den we're going to dance
class video mail because midterm break
so it's actually because the ballet is
closed I were to hold it I'm da camera
holder okay
are don't hold it okay ha no guys it's
this way this way sway let's go okay
wired is gonna be the winner
no no come on oh come on Eduardo no we
don't need her
let's go buy media come on come on
all aboard I'm a sweet sweet lovin all
right are we ready for an adventure
situation presentation elimination our
way or we're not ready for a
presentation situation illumination Oh
what are you ready for you guys
blast-off a super blast-off are you
ready hold on to your hats folks
I got open the gate first Boop never got
it uh put it in Drive hold on to your
hat word Oh
you guys ready super blast-off go in the
gate opens funny I'm so close to the
gate yeah zero to whatever the hell well
pretty big tree super blasts up again
alright I gotta get it cited as car park
okay alright a second ah just do my
workout what'd you guys think of my new
word get gear the shoes don't really
much I thought they did but they don't
really um anyway just did my workout and
it was so funny because yesterday I
forgot to ask Lucy what amount of reps I
was supposed to do usually I like write
them
oh my goodness guys I came down here to
use the carwash
look the thing is like like totally
knocked over and destroyed ah man
there's nothing in our town so I had to
come look really far away get to it
oh man okay we didn't have to go the
craziest way possible Disney no let us
go let us go come on right up let's go
is it let's go okay and that were
actually super arty
hey come back here come back here don't
no no no no no no no we'll wait here
okay Roxy ready about like ten minutes
Channing oh my goodness so the baby
cries is on right now the baby classes
on guys we gotta wait unless you want to
go into the baby class the big guard
classes on in a minute okay we have to
wait okay what's going on wardo go where
no small part of sand and dirt ah we're
done hundred it's hard instead
underneath the heater thing come back
come ghosts on the ridge stand under it
it was funny
regardless it under thank party to take
her jumps and take any dignity to you
sit in it
in attendance were a media familiarity
taker jumps
Tigger chumps do the best tickets
we're going on the teddy bears picnic
guys and I mean you got a baby ballet
one what are the odds of gosh yeah
alright ready for our teddy bears picnic
I'll pretend I have one yeah okay
let's go oh no too close so Amelia's
back from mini dancers and so is it Boyd
oh well hold on just hold on okay so
look what came in I shouldn't really
show this to you I should avoid it so my
video but you can see a sneak preview
here I'm so excited this is my bracelet
guys how do I say this like I've
expanded my jewelry line so we've gone
in two bracelets now and there's two
types this is one type but this one is
too small for my wrist so I'm going to
try it on Amelia it's a charm bracelet
but you'll have to watch my video to see
more of it I'm so excited to share with
you okay hold on I'll give you one too
okay
whoo look at you media all right stay
there set wow that's beautiful yeah I'll
give it right oh the other one
okay do you like it this one is Amelia's
charm and this one is Eduardo and this
one is mummy and this one is daddy okay
you're this one the one that looks like
an Emmy See Mom do you like it I love
your outfit it's very pretty
maybe see ya handsome boy all right
I am currently making a new intro which
might possibly still be already over on
the video presentation situations as
well looking for hair poop let's bring
this in so we drop this fella into the
pre calm
position um BRR - oh yes a good picture
it is obviously it's all out of focus
and self up I think is and trying to
find one because it waters not a baby so
this interest gonna stay for a while so
so let's uh whip whip whip you TTIP
tenant here and she brought some dogs
what they paid in the Sun they make sand
castles which I'll be love doing around
this sad he was women like that's the
enterprise Facebook page if you're
wondering where she's gonna put them up
check it out exclusive videos by alright
so this got editor of life yesterday
because it was limited time but it may
need wanna try or Sweeney take one
chocolate hmm it's really nice you like
it chocolate
okay okay they're champagne truffles
okay they're made with no dairy and
they're revolting okay and why don't you
want some a bit oh my goodness is that
and eat your toe yeah I know
are you serious do you like it like it
okay wardo you like it you don't like it
you like it a minute the face I was
looking for but she's all like oh he's
like something's wrong with this time
for like it's chocolate but they kind I
don't like it hey you like it oh okay oh
my good Heaven not no no yes Eduardo
likes it me neither
I know you've had another one over the -
ah okay well no but I do not like it
daddy not like it why do I like I like
did you okay I don't like it I thought
you liked it maybe the kids like dairy
free chocolate no oh no mommy eat it go
on mommy
hey just what they are benjoe pukka
pukka what no thank you
that was before I was in the store guys
and also don't fight this kim kardashian
book it's very misleading
I didn't realize Kim Kardashian I don't
got this and I was like I don't even
gonna flick to it because some of the
pictures in here but like I didn't
realize you do know this is basically a
book of new pictures of Kim Kardashian
you do realize how she first
yeah I thought it was just like a family
reality show and people were all like oh
love love love I realized like she had
naked pictures of her everywhere
how shot my little Catholic Irish heart
wish o face oh my god nuts this is crazy
oh my god no I keep leaving it around
I'm like why is this like was it yeah I
did see Amelia had it this morning where
George like look at mommy's pictures get
away from them not till dinnertime hi
guys
so me and wardo are chillin can you say
weirdos chillin
Marta's chillin like a villain did you
eat chocolate wardo did wardo have
chocolate ylor did not have any
chocolate would water like chocolate
while it doesn't like chocolate Oh
what is what I like they gave to try try
not to look at the screen because your
last your Java wait Davao oh yeah
tell me what up oh so oh so ho so my dad
looks really like I'm just gonna lick my
face are you licking your face wardo
don't lick your face wardo
oh hi guys oh my goodness the two of
them look very very similar they look so
similar to to do today I know you squish
this together again these questions to
get over to burn together okay sign
there
let's do media and Eduardo that's
immediate right if they stop look at the
difference there's like no difference
okay there's a tiny difference but
that's mad hello oh my goodness I look
like some sort of me out and ah ah what
I want I want to order what I'm gonna go
back you fighter oh yeah yeah yeah we
doing today
all right hello your get out of my way
get out of my way you've made a gun
crazy water far prefer no mom no more
monkeys jumping on the bed one fell off
funk is add the doctor said let's do
money
it's oh my goodness hi boss ha ha ha
know that we've had to remit you gotta
keep your head straight just try and
match it up to mine like that oh my god
say you're so beautiful
wow wow no match your head up to mine
I'll keep your face your face yeah yeah
yeah that's better that's a lot better
that's so much better
oh my goodness we're such a beautiful
couple
mm-hmm I'm so annoyed this is where
Dwyers gonna look like when he's like a
rocker Oh God God come on dodge I'm
trying to copy what you're saying oh are
you trying to copy what I'm saying
where'd you do some talking I don't know
what to say is really freaky weird
monkey yeah Oh dogs dogs dogs get a dog
oh yeah
guess that move it okay we need an or
quieter dog
Lisa Manette modem doesn't move rest oh
my goodness oh is mental
in spite of us oh I thought you were
doing it
