oh my goodness guys guys we see a little
red car outside where's the guys oh you
sure you sure good morning friends and
welcome to day one of their Irish
adventure in our land I think almost
coming and everyone seems just a little
bit excited about that she's coming for
breakfast oh ma are you actually
standing at the door media oh boy oh boy
oh boy you ready
open it no that's open actually once it
no it's not there for her all right
here's the car that we got I didn't show
you guys yesterday but yeah I've never
am normally I always ask for the
discovery it's similar to the car that
we have we have a Range Rover Sport but
uh
well I had that x50 I had for that video
I made this for anything our last night
was too small but is it's nice and that
you like it you like it weird oh yeah
it's not as much space it's a bit tight
with your luggage getting a little more
there it's cool gonna be back you driven
one of these busy line I know would you
like to eat that oh yeah sure snack yeah
hold on Oh was I like that is the
biggest kitty cat in the world
it is Miffy hmm I think Miffy ate
another cat it's Larroquette around here
somewhere is its own okay this is we're
trying to figure out a cousin uncle
uncle
he's a conundrum uncle let me just show
you a little bit about it well while
we're here all right all right let me
just go put it right this is what we
used to walk if you guys you're one in
year two and Saucony Jolie's yeah it's
what we used to walk the dogs all along
here this corner has here was a dream
house we looked at it we tried to get it
Drimmer
it was like the dream has yeah
I think it was like a five bed I think
was like a five bad it was like an
executive hey summer it was kind of hot
yeah turn-off but then it was like loads
of messing about and those apartments
didn't exist and this a house is no the
apartments to their houses yeah this is
a dead end so at least this progress and
we're just gonna turn around here and I
want to show you we used to live she was
here for year one yeah I think it's just
yes I think so yeah by year two we got
married this is our first house that we
lived in in Cork the dream has drummer
today we finally got in here so excited
I am GZ oh my god I just couldn't get
over right there's aircon in there you
notice that cold it was like holding a
good way look at the light it's got a
balcony it's got a Sun Room it's got
like the size of all the rooms the size
of ceilings oh um yeah I did
negotiated folks Monaco skating skills I
got the price inside the budget I put a
straight face what you talking man I put
on the love and my passion that could be
ours guys that that could be ours all
that light all that's real estate i'm
jeesaa would you be able to keep
something like that cleaner for me every
day yeah Amelia look this is where mommy
and daddy used to live see this house
the first one up there mommy and daddy
used to live there
yeah yeah see that ah me too
we are in the key where the merchants
live also known as merchants key they
got the guy in here oh wait elevator no
listen this way yeah they're already
here they're waiting for us
I don't either waiting in the lift
who's that you got the same hairstyle oh
my goodness
Erica's busy didn't they all please the
exams Lance he has I don't know why
though you keep saying this the better
ones in New York just listen to me might
we get some food how does the mock start
a breeze is it fun now anybody else -
max paper one please leave the answers
below meal is in her element here she
knows they're okay Eric is cooler than
us she's like the cool aunt
place called Market Lane she's sitting
right over there that is where we had
was at our wedding our Irish wedding yes
who is like was that after wasn't a
student registry office like all my
family came through it was after
surrender because none of my family came
to my wedding but I yeah we had the
dinner just over there and they were
back again with the kids
Erica is responsible for this child good
luck I only just found out is actually
Pancake Tuesday today I had no idea with
Pancake Tuesday today Mina did you know
today I was pancake to say we're
supposed to eat pancakes today did you
know that so now we need to find
somewhere here we can get pancakes
yeah but no one told us
sorry actor gone back no we have to go
find pancakes wood valet parking
actually like parking kids and take them
asleep like this this leg imagine just
drop the car off like yeah I'm just
gonna drop the car can you just like
mind the kids there and let them sleep
for like an hour or two and then top off
oh hello it's right lady we going to
Omaha
cuz now we are going to
haha daddy we're going again lads yes
babe what toy if any of you guys
watching the show for a long long long
long time you would know that we used to
live in course my favorite food we've
had no penholders today I mean it's your
day pat pat golga pan pan pan Koga where
can we get prank Olga's is it hard to
make phone call this isn't just like
eggs and flowers and this one that's why
I'm here for what anyway we're going to
knock on Thai place mat we're going to
knock on Thai because this is my
favorite food my favorite Thai
restaurant in court it is that's the
reason to come all the way
untie me the guy was saying that this is
it anyway knock on Thai restaurant you
guys should definite times are tough
they're not unjust eat anymore
that's what we couldn't find them when
we were trying to order for them but
locals tasty
we got the food in the boot yeah didn't
appear it's gonna almost house and
surprise her with some chicken neck on
Thai curry yeah alright we have decided
to make our own hand kogas pad pan Koga
pan pan Koga why am I on here my pan
colder chance
Manu pan cold good chance it's very dark
in this side of the kitchen yeah there
we go
okay well I know we need an egg and I'm
not sure about the rest of it for this
monkey who wants a pancake yep oh my
goodness look at this so well there are
normal incidents but like I'll make a
couple of kids ones and this thing
Amelia
who's that is that a pancake bear a
pancake bear no you say pan Cole got pan
cold guy hold that in your hand and say
thank Olga panko that what happened
can anyone guess what's the harem here
ceramic mugs where guys you have to wait
on Easter
Wendy sir yeah not the ceramics okay
well that's all that one here look
pancakes are happenin lies I'm gonna
make the batter nom on the cooker heart
I don't know it became she get this on
tape though first the first every year
who's at the door quickly quick Eduardo
follow oh ma here's no idea where he's
supposed to go alright next one's going
on and media and waters gonna be our
beta testers what
I'll make them bigger for you first like
first you complained I made it to bake
now your companion a tutti small alright
so I don't talk you don't see small it
was too big so I'll try to make a look
it's the perfect full think but my
concerns the damage here so a lot of
that does look pretty perfect this is
nothing to me
whatever
no no no no no no no I mean it fell on
the floor
it's my wife ugh the bacon was in it
alright we are back to head home from
home besides the kids I'm gonna do a
little musical number to end the vlog
today you guys ready
can you come
