thank you
this is party going on 21st birthday
show real safety
good morning plan weather is going to be
in the fact today and it's gonna be like
on is it like pigtails or Platts like on
in Croatian coronation day wow that's a
lot of pressure that mom on coronation
day she had it up though do you remember
yeah
Eduardo me bein a tease
so we are all going to walk the dogs
considering we're going away tomorrow we
won't see them for a week we're gonna
learn a big family we're all gonna go at
six dogs to children to adults okay to
full a full team a full team our toe
drop really excited to go out in a
morning situation it's gonna be a moody
situation hmm that's a ten days before
huh
that's its ending before don't do this
before all right everybody
are we ready are we ready with the
doggies is everyone got their boots on
are we ready
I got my boots these boots are made for
walking and next us what's gonna wear
jeans but then I wonder where jeans next
week and I don't want to wash them so
I'm just wearing these things which I
really like these right there like I
kind of order call me but I looked up
the label then I looked online and
they're sold it everywhere
now it's like white wonder buy loads of
pairs from different colors I really
like them
but obviously other people like them too
why can't I be the only person likes the
clothes that I like and the food that I
like I hate things I saw that it's
really annoying they've all running back
in again oh wow oh
deepali okay oh nice cake nice kick boom
boom give it a kick
give it a kick oh nice kick here we go
here we go alright this way follow me in
the doggies
wait shh
where's mr. slowpoke come on mr.
slowpoke
mr. slow poke mr. slowpoke it's just low
focus and zoom it to get them off huh
the gang I'll be dude you have to mark
everything in the world
come on I'll be come over here walk with
me come on over here money oh my
precious boss oh my goodness oh my
goodness my precious boss
oh no no Mike was it getting wet Juan oh
I've got wet paws this place is
disgusting
taking a gamble letting the man walk
himself come on this way so I need nabla
media to to rescue ah you're a good big
sister Amelia hmm no cheese walking
yeah I'm a good big sister
count them off Missy five-oh lazybones
no look at her she's gonna have to tell
him
oh my goodness look at Cena she's
changed color the birdie
come on hey guys guys guys guys guys
guys this way Eduardo and Melia we're
going this way
turn around
good guys good job
I know come on Dwight at the slowpoke
I'll be the soap oak or the birds no
thank you
this part is going on the 21st birthday
show real
all right we need the after money walk
situation okay now I need you guys to
stand up against the wall you're gonna
be hose down okay yeah no just your
booties come put your booties here so I
can spray them we gotta spray the
booties like watch mommy will show you
had to do it so we just spray like this
marching all right wait out the way up
why does boots
Amelia's boots do you like Peppa Pig
it's so money and it's inside preparing
the house for the dogs invasion
what I think she's putting rugs down at
the door cuz they're gonna come in you
can go crazy you see that place you are
right I'm like that's why I say when I'm
like oh I look if we can find some food
to find land and stuff like that that's
like like an acre two acres of my dad
and we build a house of like maybe like
seven or eight thousand square feet
which is pretty mad and then the rest of
it we can build like a cool play area we
could do like a bike track for a minor
fighting server and we have like some
massive area for the dogs so like run
free you've got space for the sort of
horses the media wants a pony yeah live
in Surrey and not have a pony now right
guys there's the plans and full of plans
yeah the garage what are you gonna be
courage for go go in the garage garage
we're playing the balloon game I blowed
them up and the kids break them oh one
their love heart balloons and it's busy
editing the video lights this is the
special Valentine's Day video just
talking about her regrets of getting
with me oh my hair
I know I know stop at me joint like my
finger rested on your hair and pulled it
itself you don't have long hair you
don't know what it's like I officially
blew up the best one you mean it's gonna
blow it up first looks like I said hello
there
careful he might just fall over knock
yourself out
ready funk party's bursting them all on
this are you getting anywhere like you
mean girl you know it all right take the
balloon in your hand okay careful
are you dizzy okay stop stop stop you're
gonna knock yourself out oh good oh
she's like she's got an addiction wait
did you start it okay let's let that's
just like let's give it up not the good
one whoa
is it the good one
did you pop the good one on that oh my
goodness we got love hard we're trying
to have a nice romantic Valentine's
Bardot's ruining this why do boys always
ruin Tynes all right we're to burst
another one so now we're gonna do one
more this is gonna be a different kind
of balloon guys okay
a bunny balloon okay you guys ready for
this
now who wants to play with this one
are you ready you mean yeah you run I'm
gonna try to set you go go go oh I'm not
going to I'm not going to knock on okay
open the door let's throw it outside
okay you ready for this you ready huh
whoa when that cool exploded water good
night sweetheart well it's time to
though I hate to leave you but I really
must say good night
Oh sweetheart good night Nate wait oh oh
my goodness Oh yesterday or like
yesterday evening we ordered the
stroller because I know you're gonna say
you have so many strollers but every
time they're all broken because every
time we travel like more like long haul
our strollers kept getting broken and it
was like they wonder why you using the
blue one which we had immediate eduardo
and recently we've been using the most
first one if Leo's broke off like you
get things back out there the derail
when you get off the plane like there's
always parts missing or the things
smashed a broken so I can't traveling in
them there's so much good traveling this
year so we totally forgot about it so we
ordered one last night one that Eduardo
can sit in and the media can write on so
she can like stand on the back of it and
write on but I Amazon Prime date for
tomorrow a.m. we fly out tomorrow early
p.m. it's just there's not a lot of
window forever the stakes here you know
the other thing I was thinking to do I
don't know
Trung keys don't you guys have trunk
ease amelia is like three now we haven't
bought one yet but I feel like I was
looking at them on Amazon I was like I
don't know should we buy them I'm
actually meeting Eduardo and little
trucky
but we haven't bought one yet there are
no corner they're ready for it I think
it may be a might be I don't know about
it wardo he's so cool to be stroller
free for a while I'll be so cool but I
do you want a trunky what's funky do you
want an elephant one why is there is
dirt elephant I know it is a ladybird
one I didn't know did you know if I'm
one okay I love things do you have
trunks so it wouldn't make sense have a
chunky one to New York yeah our friend
so know that we're going to New York yet
though so you know yes all right
suitcase picking time yeah yeah look at
all these games you know they were sent
to us by our friend a girl I actually
thought that was by the company
Ravensburger but it turned out it was
from a German girl wasn't that nice of
her did you say thank you to her say
thank you Shawn mine friend mine Freund
all right you ready here we go
something I pulled I have no idea I have
no idea where that even does okay
two big suitcases mommy said because
we're going for seven years and then my
pink suitcase your pink suitcase right
okay hmm I mean we'll just take the
little backbone say well that's smaller
easier to menage there is this unwritten
rule which has been unwritten but I must
write in it it isn't it the night before
you travel adds the night before the
flight you must eat something quite
tasty huh so you got myself some wedges
got some chicken is it too hot too much
no one is blah blah blah blah anyway
it's such a long flight that you know
I'm gonna need my a substance we're
gonna need oh good good a good building
you know it's a long flight to Ireland
Amenia but we must bid you farewell
and we haven't done anything and I've
got an entire box I've solved the
caramel nasty
good night friends see you tomorrow say
bye friends tomorrow we start our Irish
adventure so on that okay haha good for
the likes current leader is one hundred
mile an hour winds and a storm warning
across Ireland were about got an
airplane and heading into the eye of the
storm
well that's exciting that's gonna be fun
fun travel with the to children's but
good news the stroller did arrive and I
have built it and it's amazing well you
see tomorrow's video it's amazing while
I was building if the two kids were just
sitting there singing nursery rhymes and
songs it was amazing I shed a tear I
cried hope enjoyed video give us the old
lights in Commons and subscriptions and
favorites and I'll see you tomorrow for
our first day of her Irish adventure
sunlit
