good morning
good morning eye-opener
well maybe tops and those are monsters
every size
trying to get me oh no I will need to
get you dreamcatchers it's not means
that you mention us anymore but I
watched on sevensupergirls they have
three first day back to school huh
alright kids are gonna make the school
today what are you gonna do huh no they
are you know Emilia used to be called
Woonsocket media and then Huerta became
a one soccer are you gonna be a one
soccer tail huh
right trying to find a few uniform
school coats after Christmas did you I
can confirm it is freezing hold on the
first day back to school but that's just
part of the the process it's gonna be
freezing cold
probably gonna rain all week long kids
gone crazy are you bringing the fairy to
school
is she a bright you guys watch that new
Netflix show will submit the school
buses coming and everybody's jumping the
up to San Francisco
due to duty so this is it White House
first summer term or is it spring term I
think this movie spring term and this
term in two years time Alessi out will
be starting school
it and then a retreat of us in the
mornings let's first traffic of the New
Year guys
the first diversion of the year lives
did you crap arrived your crab no I had
to grab tins crab why has the world come
to what has the world come to friends I
had to get differents I'm on the only we
should have as I had a stock Duchy
organic you know I love these wraps
though you know these wraps with a
little things in them they call Oh just
ate large seeded wraps you guys watch
Vikings that Silesia talks like exactly
Alberto look at the fireworks from New
Year's Eve so sitting I'm gonna leave
them there until next New Year's Eve and
then just like reuse them that's my plan
is easy
yeah Oh barking and digging up the
garden at the same time multi-talented
dog yeah off to bed Casey night-night
and I actually filmed with her today I
filmed a video guys the first time this
year which should be up yesterday for
you guys well I don't know
no promises because it might not be up
and unless yeah just drank some water so
I just mentioned in my update actually
her in her up day rather that she won't
drink water from her sippy cup she just
doesn't seem to like it at all she'd
push it away she's just not into it at
all and I've tried everything but I
today just today we gave her like a
normal cup like that that the kids would
drink it off and she drank lots of water
so that was huge like obviously she
can't do it herself because it's a
carpets not got lit but I did get her
that munchkin cup that's like a nun
spill but it doesn't look like it has a
lid I'm hoping that that will work
because that was really good with
Eduardo but that was when he was bit
older but she's just different obviously
so hopefully it does work I'm just
trying to change her not be 100 like at
all but anyway I'm happy that we got
that little breakthrough because I was
getting worried about her cuz she wasn't
drinking at all like she'll only drink
milk yeah like my milk which is fine but
there's that time period from like when
she has her snack after naptime which is
that half to three until like dinner and
after dinner so she won't have had
anything to drink from like half 12
until half 6:00 at night and that can't
be good I really wanted her to have a
drink so this is good this is progress I
think we're gonna use the cup until your
new one comes okay
look at them all they've been rebeaud no
you didn't have to get out of bed I was
just saying I was just saying y'all look
very very cute with your little bows
look I kind of change the thing no
longer as a Christmas be my Valentine
although technically my birthday comes
before Valentine's Day so I don't know
why it doesn't say I countdown to my
birthday maybe it is absolutely freezing
today but I am on my way to get my nails
done and
I know I know so many people all the
time every time I say that they're like
oh yeah we're deers cave nails done like
I forgetting deserve it okay I work so
hard I have three small children do you
know how many times I just need a break
I feel like I'm at home with them like
24/7 except for when they're at school
obviously and sometimes you just need a
break you know
and like I never get anion I never get
to stay up late anymore so I have to
wake up early I'm like if I want to get
my nails done that is my treat
from myself why do people need to judge
it's just like it's not that big of a
deal I choose to do it every three weeks
probably like two and a half three weeks
it's not even that often I mean no I
didn't do that before but I didn't
deserve it before because I work so hard
now I'm like this is my one escape every
three weeks I get to do this so anyway
it is freezing what's the temperature is
it's four degrees it doesn't feel like
four degrees it feels like zero actually
if it were zero I'd probably know that
I'd probably be like unable to leave the
house without gloves
like hat or something but I'm actually
okay like I'm freezing but I'm okay and
I'm wearing a new coat that is from
Jules it's actually really a nice coat
I'd never weren't before it was just in
my wardrobe they sent it to me like
laughs Jared this is the coat that
Jonathan tried on thinking it was for
him and it made me die like I cried
every time I thought about that moment
because he was so annoyed I couldn't bad
news like is he right through an email
and tell her that they got this size
wrong and then you realized it was a
woman's size 8 for me story out every
time I think about that moment it makes
me like want to cry with laughter like
it is so funny he just he just makes me
laugh so much he's just like Eduardo I
just remember him trying it on and I
swear the stitches are probably ripped
in the arms shoulders are like massive
compared to mine and yeah anyway it's a
funny moment so I'm gonna go off and get
my nails done now and just chill out for
a bit you know just chillin so I
actually filmed lots of video footage
for you and I didn't have my camcorder
buy me something use him a phone then
moments ago I realized sorry I was not
actually recording anything did not
realize I had mental hair somebody could
have told me I was walking her in a
mental hair what what is this what is
this
okay well that was that an unexpected
conversation about war oh thank you it's
important to remember I mean yeah I say
like whoa tell you my situation well
tell you I saved your life from Latin
school
what you didn't play that let's have to
be push each other and from the cars get
pushed around you catch me like I tell
you - age your life yeah come to think
of it now it's probably not the wisest
game to play
hello and welcome to the annual
questions and answers with Amelia
Thomasina is that your name and your
name is Sir
are you a duardo Jonathan Eduardo
Jonathan and both of you are sick you
enjoy your brothers and sisters which
one's older you've just had your first
school day of 2018 what do you want to
tell future Amelia and Eduardo about
2018 Amelia you first tell me what was
your favorite thing about your first day
back in school and what was your worst
thing about your first day back in
school I'd wire down what was your
favorite thing about
your first day in school in 2018 well
Dickey now you talk about lies it's okay
but if you do it twice it's it's not
okay if you do it three times it's
raining they trust what do you want to
achieve in 2018 Amelia this year you're
going to learn something new what would
you like to learn this year and how to
be patient how to be patient that's a
very good thing to learn maybe you could
teach mommy when you're ready Eduardo
what would you like to learn new this
year a sport or sport what the waiting
game you want to learn the waiting game
sport I guess that's copying me because
waiting is patience Amelia has now
created some sort of a blankie bear bed
well guys that is very interesting
because do you know that in the future
you'll be able to look back on these
videos and remember when you are only
five years old and three years old and
it was 2018 and it was genuine you're
already know when you were five
well you you're fine right now I know
what are you gonna do when you're six it
will be six this year are you gonna lose
more teeth this year try and get that's
50 face away you go okay so just wanna
do this year 2018 Amelia I'm going to
try and catch the Tooth Fairy and
I lost another teeth as well as patients
yes very good patients if you are
patients in the comments down below if
you put the comments down below if you
have lunch patients alrighty
look a little calendar baby you do you
know that oh oh ok name their baby what
do you say did you say now that the kids
are in bed I'm going to eat my pudding
and we're going to watch the tunnel
season 3 look at you and your dogs and
new visas asleep on a pizza huh movies
from the pizza hush it does look kind of
like a bed that's all she wrote lads
that's all we've got for you today
that's it so for now come back tomorrow
what you over again goodbye
