right you guys daddy's going to be 36
good morning friends good morning
friends from a Friday Friday Friday
raining on a Friday let's kill it up
because we're going on holidays
show me that show me show me show me
show me go do it again then and dance
does he go down and in it Danny
Wow where'd you learn easy to dodge wow
you got sass you got style
you got sophistication okay anyway we
are going hey we are going to a tropical
country you got muscles on your legs big
girls have to read this
there are we into a seatbelt because
it's very good to keep you safe if he is
useful good morning everybody I am doing
my morning workout
it is about 9 o'clock and here we are in
the garage which still hasn't been taken
care of these are all charity bags oh
look at this little graveyard of water
bottles here Oh Jonathan because I take
mine in with me every single time this
is mine it's full and I'm gonna take it
back with me however Jonathan look
there's another one there's another one
he's so lazy yeah well he's not actually
he's just a man basically I just spout
myself that's how passionate I gave a
mess right I'm going to start my workout
now because I'm freezing
yeah put this on this wonderful
invention called heater keeps me warm so
let's see Oh black magic that's what I
was reading last night
this is Justin Bieber yes I like this
one what you say microphone we
microphones I didn't realize we needed
microphones
oh so the singing talk properly you need
to have a microphone is that how that
works
Wow dancing shoes and a dancing dress
tight and tight Wow why so hold on these
tights they light up in the dark and
they change into different colors when
you do different dances also the
different music changes to tights Wow
can I have a pair
you can have a boy pal oh thank you very
much oh did I have girl powers do boys
have boy powers what kind of powers Wow
what kind of what kind of powers could
dad have do you have dad powers yellow
powers
what do yellow powers do well so I'll
have yellow tights that grow in the dark
and I'll have yellow powers that's very
exciting thank you for that
cool
are you gonna be a party but something
cookie shake cookies and a chocolate
cake
I've seen this air Brattain thing I can
tell you specifics of the brand because
it's a it's actually on Instagram but I
was supposed to just like take this
picture for them and then I was like no
no no I could do much better nicer order
of monkey suit to take the picture good
service of coke I come in if I venture
will have to go put a little ad thing
here just name the whole mansion but
I'll show you the monkey because the
monkey sees in the sponsored part it's
the other part that is is it a monkey
monkey monkey your monkey face what's
the monkey say see oh no where's white
out
where's right now okay be a monkey deal
monkey face why no monkey where's white
oh you can put it all the way down like
that look monkey boy
don't you hate that situation where you
find the hard drives okay because I'm
looking for something if you see
yesterday's video I'm editing right now
you'll see what I put in it somewhere in
here is the cable that connects them
together this laptop here lads
this is it all right this is started the
vlogs the whole vlogs everything they
want all the way up until that day 200
or something like that we still
understand yep with no screen I have to
plug it into the TV Detroit other things
on it because I couldn't afford to buy
another laptop and this is the laptop
that got me to university and then
eventually I'm after by 2 years of
logging I upgraded to this fella here
which is a Dell system alright we found
the cables ok don't blow up all right
didn't blow up just plug this
into the still fella here sounds good
I'm not like flashing Oh welcome to the
history boss that's what it's like isn't
it oh my goodness guys I got it I got it
working I found so much stuff in the
fold over look what I found here this is
Anna's 21st birthday in our flat in
Bournemouth there's actually a hilarious
story about those catalogues and what I
did to actually go and get those candles
for Hannah there's a computer with the
screen with the screen going to collect
Amelia promised Friday like before and
I'm wearing summer clothes but if you
dress for it
it might just happen mm-hmm did you know
the way they say Dress for Success
what am I dressed for the weather what
if you dressed like it's summer does it
does it become summer
that's my question that's my question
your ears for the team and group and
people and poop
we got backpacks we got homework we got
everything huh
bring the baka cuz you might actually
need that all careful you know I
actually need that on our little trip
might we might we might okay ready to
cross the road
they do you want to climb over yourself
you don't need no man you're an
independent woman of means go for it
show me show me independent woman pull
your legs up at me no no no no no you
got a big baggy presents eggs and
chocolate I'm pretty sure there is no
presence there is no eggs and there's no
chocolate there's there it's a fact it's
a fact folks are you gonna share it with
Daddy
you're not gonna share it with Daddy I
can have one I want the biggest one
please Oh what kind of one is there did
you get the idea present for his
birthday
oh not yet are you going to get out of
your present for his birthday
do you know how old daddy is all started
gonna be for know daddy's going to be 36
am i old you're gonna be for this year
no I'm gonna be three and six yeah all
right that was two years ago mate this
time last year what are you doing get
out of here
why are you sure making my space
yours you're a space invader that's what
you are this is gonna be to come now
unless you leave right now whether I get
fix it maybe I could fix it oh goodness
my monkeys in it I did hear your bones
crack bone cracker all right come on
haha now bone cracker get out of here
okay I've things to do I know huh
come on bone cracks bone cracks
inharmony gone skadoosh
I to hours left to get vo finished and
you're like in my creamy I can't carry
you like the kids
what are you kind of looking is that
speed is it a weight of you well night
the air heavy and walk in a straight
line that's not what I meant
I'm used to carrying a little children
good luck in your life all right I got
it up well I don't got it up yet
get a hold think of crash what it's
uploading yes ah what's that is that for
me
did you make that oh you love me to
pieces to mommy and daddy happy
Valentine's Day for Amelia and Eduardo
ah thank you did you take five minutes
five minutes that's it just like you
five minutes I do what I don't make
something as well
why do my damn Amelia would I be your
Valentine say be my Valentine be my
Valentine no what about you mr. monkey
man huh do you have a Valentine ah
what's in the big box we just gonna have
a look and show you know otherwise
you'll have to describe the video and no
one likes to disclaim videos huh that's
a really big box huh it's a what it's a
giant box oh my god she can you're okay
you said Welsh okay guys I never touch a
man's Oreos never put your man's Oreos
look at that face that's called a how to
manipulate dad face oh why oh why oh ah
no hitting your sister okay
you only hit your sister at the weekends
yeah yes he's my little baby I'll tell
you why
I'll tell you what you can have you can
have all of my love yeah you can have my
whole heart C code okay I'm cozy
I'm closing my oh my goodness that one
says it wardo is this one say Amelia
which one can I go into oh whatever look
in me pop oh my goodness this is so cool
so we opted to do pres Oh kids have had
kids are having like cabbage and duck
but I like I can't eat duck legs so how
is like you know what it's Friday let's
get some fries oh hell no praise on ages
as well
it's a present oppressor party Friday
night friends the party burner right
it's about once or twice a week we got
our date nights usually we try and do on
Wednesdays at the weekends we try and
usually go out with the kids I think
we're gonna probably meet up with
Sabrina round tomorrow and then
sometimes during the week what we'll do
is we'll put the kids to bed we will
starve ourselves and we'll put the kids
to bed but then we'll get food and that
way we get to eat we're at the kids I
love them love eating with them and all
that kind of malarkey Malarkey's but as
sometimes you just need to have grown-up
dinner time
it's nice here we are friends once again
we meet at the end of the slate even
though the slate has not ended yet
if the slate has only begun it says I
see the begun slate we're gonna be at
the ends later in a minute but you know
what we're at the middle slate right now
it's like fine were just wasting our
time here wasting her everywhere in
second was gonna be the end slate and
that's it oh I can see it coming
alright quickly before we get to the end
slate give it the likes leave some nice
comments subscribe if you're new it's
always appreciated and I'll see you oh
there we go I see you guys my hair yet
hello hello come on in come on in how's
it going what
