for a banana I was just your regular guy
in college spinning my phone around
I didn't like to partake in a bit of
Deal cowboying around with my friends
sometimes it didn't work out and we
ended up on the floor
that is hello friends in Amelia speaking
oh oh just did my workout but my battery
so myself and Anna are killing me eight
I know it's here well there's a camera
here
Oh
so we're filming a Valentine's Day
special video to go out on Anna's
channel next week we will be away so we
won't have time to film at once very
wise so we're gonna film it now it's a
very special exciting to do what about
how we mesh how we fell in little well
ooh when I stands skinny going to be
gone
what what were you post it in the bed
sorry hands just what we post you sit on
the bed Fred who's ready for a trip down
memory lane friends for Madonna I was
just your regular guy in college
spinning my phone around I didn't also
like to partake in a bit of the old
cowboy and around with my friends
sometimes it didn't work out and we
ended up on the floor I was also a very
early adopter of the pizza party Friday
night as you see here and also DISA 2007
Amica be vlogging with some sort of a
pioneer note and on the other hand was
at the perfect lady straight-a student
you know just in university checchina
this is when she entered at miss cork
Akua that at the time I was shooting
video about mannequins coming alive dead
man
I showed her my idea for it and then I
decided to change the whole idea and
make a video all the better
then of course there was the actual free
shoot that we went to the grocery behind
our with with the brooms that was
actually out microphones and that's evil
man there with the slicked-back hair who
was that who was cheating on Anna
wearing her friend
and that was me still living up there I
am there now by headphones on really
importantly a shirt on Riverton Hornets
was messing about did we to cook a
toasty people there - no idea they're
gonna be security jollies there we are
on the day of the shoot
that's a John and Jack help me it's in
the morning time we've got the band
there that's me talking to him seriously
now come on come on now lads this is
going to be wonderful now that said
never to know again I wasn't we had to
say we're just sort of like best friends
well we kind of knew we had they had
intentions for each other yeah it was a
cool time it was an exciting and getting
to know each other chase story you know
and it's funny that our relationship
started on tape and our marriage and
lives are now on tape which is is kind
of cool it's kind of ironic this is me
building this cool idea that I was like
I don't know special effects I can like
fill them from underneath anyway you
want to watch the full story of how we
met you can watch it over on Valentine's
Day on Anna's channel but for now back
to the show we have finished filming our
video me and wired are playing
peek-a-boo peek-a-boo off off ha ha
piccaboo off us all right let's see if
we could walk up hey come over here
we're gonna pick a bit woof-woof yeah
alright pick a bit off off who is that
what's the duck thing my god who's that
Daddy
what does duck you say ha ha ha ha was
the frog say back turn back turn back
that you bends like a frog okay that was
about bud oh alright next one are you
ready boom with that with the pony say
yoo-hoo
he all people everybody hey everybody
and then what's that
the end ah the end but this is the doggy
book ah hmm
this was a monkey thing hmm
Papa no craw craw Chi Chi Joe no Crocker
oh hey Finn I don't who's that crocodile
was a crocodile say who is this this was
the buzzy say okay who's this was easy
okay I think that's a train choo choo
choo with that Oh than was a snake say
you know faces are the best mr. lights
off that's why so dark
Wow
isolated difference that made I am we
are baking Valentines cupcakes well red
velvet cupcakes for Valentine's which
we're not even here for Valentine's Day
but I thought I would bake them anyway
just because I want to do some
Valentine's baking because last year I
didn't do that much I don't think or I
don't think I did any and we have all of
these okay we have all of these cases at
your media hub now smash some of them
that wasn't part of the plan but yeah so
we're going to do the bed red velvet one
and then maybe possibly if we have time
we might do cookies as well probably
tomorrow though we already have these
rice krispies treats which look amazing
in the cookie jar
Thank You Amelia did that really nice
good job and this is what the batter
looks like looks quite delicious
and now I'm going to add in the red so
hopefully this would be enough red these
are our cupcakes ready to go in I'm also
going to put these on top because I got
these from I think RPO bots last year
and again didn't use them these the
cupcake cases here q today and here is
the final result what do you guys think
I think this batch looks a lot better
than this batch this one I put in the
freezer for like five minutes because
they weren't warned or they weren't cool
enough to ice but I really wanted to
have one with my coffee so it's kind of
like rushing it but um yeah I think they
look really cute I do wish I had some
edible glitter just to kind of finish it
off but that was in the recipe here it
says edible glitter and then hearts but
this time I had these like paper hearts
they're like edible paper
so I thought I'd use them instead but
I'm really proud of how they turned out
I think they look really cute and
Valentine's II I'm very careful in the
stairs okay we're going to go down to
the basement
don't you guys remember how bad this was
and we are going to find a puzzle to do
farewell GLaDOS okay yeah and this for
Amelia
okay because this is for H for which
you're nearly for some of the market it
just yeah you're three but you're nearly
four you'll be four in September so yeah
my path yep well what like my head and
Brooks a little all my friends have come
yeah what have you got there
what have you got there that a giant
cheese eat it Oh Percy pepper do you
think you're some kind of a toy
what I have to deal with here oh you're
there you there Oh
order them I'll get you and your little
dog too Oh No dead and shattered and
dead
do you have the pepper give me the
better
alright now your punishment you must eat
the pepper
hey you've to eat it come on eat the
pepper
Kaleigh cake play with it key oh it's
freezing cold
look at you mr. chocolate net wait touch
it Oh No look at this thing like a giant
chili pepper come on cyclus Oh No hello
friends from their car I'm going a
little bit far it start outside it's
cold outside but it's ok because I've
got heated seats of my journey on my mid
night adventure he says he's going on a
midnight at badger
he is so venture he wants to bring you
with him one√≠s me not big job dinner
why these words local priorities
workspace or no Co pretending amazing
maybe you ready that's how I know
oh oh I know
hello I'm a so otherwise so where was
the whiteness have you lie until your
friend what is it what is again what am
I even thought my god and oh ho oh the
other lying on I forgot myself and I
know we're saying yesterday we watched
Zoe and Marcus's video the accent
challenge and we are like we try to do
the accents and we're like we'll be even
work we'd be the so worse so we should
definitely do that we're recording a
video today idea how our like how we met
video I was like we should toast Todd
did he ask yeah but you know be funny
when they were like oh it's like a New
Castle accent or Liverpool or Manchester
or Lee's or wherever I was like Brighton
or London I was like I wouldn't know I
don't know the difference but you're a
teen or a difference I know the
difference between somebody that's from
Galway versus Sligo versus Kevin versus
Dublin versus me versus Cork versus
Kerry versus God or I took over twice
you know I mean I guess that's what it's
like you know your regional accents were
you from so I was like we need to do
like just a global one because we're
gonna fail so bad Zoey is ridiculously
good so is a brother Joe you're seeing
Joe doing his impressions of everybody
it's amazing it's amazing
although nothing's ever done impression
of me what's up with that ciao huh
hey guys it's it's Joe Suge tetro Joe
this is not what he sounds like
hey guys it's Alfie deyes what am i day
hi guys hi guys it's Sally hi guys it's
Tanya ba boom Louie yeah so guys I'm
like traveling the world all right doing
I've been sitting here for 27 minutes
for 3 minutes and 16 seconds
let's go boom boom she cries notice how
much warmer it is at night as well as
well as watch on earthing I don't know
as well as everything else as I said
today in today's video I just thought
it's getting a lot warmer I'm wearing a
scarf and a hat still but it's just nice
to know that it's getting warmer
progress that's father's home daddy's
here hello everybody
watch the mirrors Thank You children did
everybody miss daddy
what mommy's putting us to bed what was
mommy thinking yeah when you live out
how butterface better taste never girl
right night Melia say night friends
don't forget you pizza the cool cool
badges
yeah booboo by day night night oh no
woken up I know it's all about the paste
powder paste powder face no trouble oh
my goodness amelia is turning into a
sassy monkey lads
and you I hope you enjoyed our little
trip down memory lane type of thing if
you'd like to see more of that kind of
stuff I'll throw it in the vlogs every
time it kind of says I have 1700 million
videos and pictures of our lives
together that have never gone up so I
quite enjoy doing destroy time thing it
did take about 70 million years to edit
this video and final if I have some
recommend but you don't need to worry
about those kind of things now do you
 no you don't but at least some
comments if you guys would like that but
if
want to watch the whole like we're
talking like I think I'm like 20 or 30
minute long video
holy helps hold on to your pants pies on
violence' over on this channel you know
all are my idea cause like we have
different stories to tell about how we
actually met as every couple us so watch
out anyway back to this like if
commenters favorite subscribe to it and
have a good day
andrey watch it hahaha fight
