say I am a troll say I am a troll troll
Jaeger huh you troll water patrol put it
on to the face
good morning firm good morning friends
it's a very serious situation we're
going to school it's a Wednesday hump
day is it hump day
that's a date date
come on squiggly it's pretty deep LED
police is an away to have beat us beat
us two popes join hands in the pulp
fiction come on
squiggly who likes the familiarity of
repetition lads every day we go to
school are very very similar it's like
you you're in different positions of
your life you know in these videos if
you go back and you watch the point
where myself and Anna were just like a
couple and what we did is like a couple
and then what we did is like a married
couple and then what we did her as a as
a married couple that were pregnant and
then what we did is when we had my a
couple and a baby and then we were baby
and pregnant and then we have a toddler
and a newborn and then we have a child
and a toddler and it's like all the
different things that you see all the
different times you're like see
different things and right now we're in
the cycle of like school runs but
immediately so for the next like 15
years or something like this what the
father's gonna be like just got all the
doggies ready for their walk
they look slippers that whose slipper is
that Theodora they look so cute though I
have some of their harnesses on
underneath because some of them have
holes in them for the harness to come
through which I actually kind of think
is nicer but we'll see what Helen thinks
of that look at this state of this door
like this door gets clean frequently but
they just keep messing it up with their
little paws mm-hmm all right that's her
to February that means we have ten days
left ten days
which again is going to be Lucy's father
we don't achieve it okay ten more days
yeah so I know thank Peter Andre right
let's get busy
heading to get my nails done and I think
I'm gonna go for a read like I was
saying this morning I think I'm gonna go
for red because it's coming up to
Valentine's Day and I'm feeling very
Valentine's II it's super dark in here I
actually got a parking space like
straight away and it's like how awkward
it is I reversed in but it's like right
at the entrance like entryway so there
was like cars like stacked off waiting
for me to park but obviously I couldn't
get it in one but I'm like it's so funny
I used to get so upset about stuff like
not upset but I used to get so like kind
of panicky stuff like that like people
waiting for me but now I'm just like I
don't even look at the person I'm just
like whatever I'm just gonna park my car
there's nothing wrong with what I'm
doing you're just gonna have to wait for
me they probably hate me but whatever
say I am a troll say I am a troll troll
Jaeger huh you troll water patrol put it
on did the face you have to surpass your
sister on her I gets a media is trending
into gift for us duardo needs a couple
of gifts
Oh
Shh all right so this little fella right
recently in the last few weeks has
noticed a pattern did you notice a
pattern wardo where are we going where
are we going what are we doing where are
we going why no are we going to collect
media so I come down the stairs at
around times that I know and I'm gonna
go collect Amelia and the water runs out
runs up he's like we go collect Amelia
and then he runs over and then he starts
putting his shoes on because he loves it
so much he knows it's like he knows now
what times like he's got the pattern
down Anna backed into my car dear today
or drove into my car today she kind of
cleaned the camera because the camera
was really dirty when I showed you guys
see today the camera is really dirty and
now the camera appears to have cleaned
itself oh that was kind of good came
from her decision to crash into me
alright well here we go begin what Joe
hey let me see your pictures Wow Nene
was baking in school she did a nice
little picture oh you're not drawing a
picture but somebody took a picture of
you baked a cake
isn't that cool oh not one weirdos here
because it's dangerous whatever you do
don't run up to the washing line and
sing ringa ringa Rosie
okay is that clear what's going on
what's going on what's happening here oh
they're hilarious hilarious ities all
right let's go inside quickly guys it's
raining it's raining let go it's a race
it's a race first one to the kitchen
wins the prize oh oh boy don't fall
don't fall don't fall don't fall don't
fall he's prone to falling lads he's
prone to turn Go Go Oh knew it call it
let me see
you okay did you hurt yourself anywhere
here Thank You sheath okay let's go keep
going right at the price you get the
prize you can get the prize get the
prize wardo making salad okay so what's
the first thing we're gonna need to make
a salad what's this raisin chicken what
it is Tomatoes what's that
people into space you going up exactly
its rocket that's called rocket ok so
put some on the plate please okay we're
gonna need more than that more than that
more than that keep her coming a little
bit more okay okay
all right this is suitable amount of
rockets that I would eat okay thank you
all right next thing we're gonna need to
do is we need to chop up the tomatoes
the chicken okay so we need a chopping
board and a big knife you open them I
mean how many smiles I think that he
would like three I think I think that he
might need more than three yeah you
gotta take the spider then yeah these
are the spiders don't eat fighters I ate
a spider the other day you know
joconi in the corner Georgia Coleman you
don't like chicken we're just gonna
scatter it on the Chinese spicy it's a
spicy situation you won't do you not
what kind of chicken do you like yeah
the non spicy chicken hey what are you
doing rocket don't do that don't do that
okay next thing we're gonna need is some
salt we're gonna try a little bit of
salt on does everyone like salt Dan
we're gonna put some olive oil on and
then finish it off we're gonna get some
balsamic this this is the trick guys
this is what makes it look like it's
made in a restaurant that's it that is
how you make the job see specially salad
thanks for watching friends back from
getting my nails done I went with red
and I got my breast on June 4th why I
look really weird cuz I don't have any
makeup on here but Amelia and the
princesses are having a sleepover Wow do
you want to get up steel is Theo alive
in the sleepover
okay okay I like all the princesses here
it's very creative
mm-hmm Niall you're a boy you can't be
in the princess sleep oh you could be in
the prince sleepover he didn't he didn't
he's a good boy
Amelia look he's cute in jail all right
yank are you being called don't get one
many hours have passed and we must go
myself and I are heading out Bristol
wrong thing are you gonna say you guys
gonna be good tonight who's in charge
why do are you sure yeah I think it
Wireless should be in charge tonight
know what okay so I think Amenia is
gonna be in charge where I know it okay
oh why does in charge okay
Eduardo's friend are you will make your
case what will you do if you're in
charge
dr. seem like a pretty good okay okay
okay Amelia's in truck convenience in
charge yeah we're going now sorry she's
saying goodbye to the kids
alright see you guys later have fun by
me yeah boy right oh I see those treat
all stars over there they've had such an
impact in my life when I've been true
like the toughest times in my life I
always always look up the scar star look
up at the sky at those tree little stars
and right now wherever you are in the
world if you look at your window you can
actually see those treat little stars
there so let's all look up at the same
stars and we can like basically wave at
each other hello we can like see kidder
essentially but yeah those tree stars
I've had so many conversations to them
there's an airplane over there or an
alien ship
yeah those tree stars that's important
we're on the town for a date night
coming here was it push here wait here
alright friends and foes there we go
oh is that it there yeah
voulez-vous coucher avec won in a French
restaurant do you get french fries
that's my question by Oh Bonjour
french fries what are they well it's
tiny actually let's go
Cassini frogs Oh French baguette got
some French bread I was gonna ask for
olive oil
goodness I point my hand off the candle
oh my goodness actually it's ng and she
said okay olive oil for my bread than
uninformed me George asleep or did it
burn the whole thing Stan
no not scusi yeah I asked him in an Anna
in a minute ago look I was looking at
the piece see and I was like oh I was
like pet a pose and I was like what's LR
okay I know you're very out-of-focus
dead and did you think that then then
what the car is call me Dad
we will cross understate night night we
are having right right that's trouble
we're told that's the ambulance that was
pretty intense I hit some chocolate
mousse
one of the best when he said he just
like you're like what's especially is
like bread pudding it's right here
snow angel snow angel snow any gels the
other thing in the other day if you
missed that you should go back and watch
the episode too little flow your mind
and it's amazing situations well anyway
that's it there that's all she wrote
folks this is the end of another video
it's the end of another video you can
like the video on your way out as you go
or we just got an email
oh whoa that's you're never gonna
believe for this email just said I'll
tell you tomorrow
bye friends
