snow angel snow angels go angels snow
and there's no and yes I all right guys
I'm heading out the first time I think
since what happened with my car I think
it's the first time since why did I not
bring a jacket like what is actually
wrong with me and I'm really late which
isn't a good um start because I have to
see if I'm late I'm going to be stressed
so not great but I'm gonna do this I'm
gonna go out to the dentist cuz I need
to and I'm not gonna crash my car into
anybody else's I hope guys it is 2nd of
February that means that I have 11 days
left to achieve ripped status and could
update this is where right now like we
do I do feel like we're getting
somewhere
you know the definition on the sides and
stuff but and as I gone off to the
dentist and I'm gonna bring the kids
I'll bring a Munich ballet Eduardo is
going to mr. Joo jangles come back and
dance a toast Oh angels
snow and there's no and yourself
I chose sterile angles Enza smoking and
there's nobody giving it a smell
well done
I like your snow angel song what is
really participating yeah yeah that is
the best snow angel in the kitchen with
no snow I've ever seen you got skills
Wow what you gotta go to ballet come on
let's go
are you waiting for me it's funny - a
year - two pops at the front like that
yeah I know why are you gone - I was
like where's the media gone - are you
were over there huh just dropped Amelia
into ballet you know what I was thinking
won't be a really fun little video
series to do whenever I'm driving Amelia
somewhere we have like the best
conversations like the most in depth
deep and meaningful conversations and
bad things like we just had like a
10-minute discussion about the
difference between boys and girls and
it's so interesting to hear a
three-year-old opinion of the
differences in boys and girls and
puppies and the dogs it started off with
a discussion about the dogs which led
into I was trying to ask her why because
she said that my favorite dogs were Theo
and Albie and her and mommy's favorite
dogs were Ali's are seen on Nevaeh
newbies and Bianca you know and I was
like why is that inch like well you and
Eduardo are boys you like Albie and Theo
and you know and I was asking well why
it's different in boys and girls and
then she starts saying well boys like
jumping in muddy puddles
and I was like do you like jumping in
muddy puddles and she was like oh yeah
girls like jumping in muddy puddles as
well I was like so boys and girls both
like jumping in muddy puddles
so therefore boys and girls the same and
she was like yeah boys and girls are the
same I suppose it is pretty interesting
you know to them to simplify something
is down
which is jumping a muddy puddle tell
everyone can enjoy jumping in muddy
puddles you know could be a metaphor for
anything and then I was thinking like
wow imagine like I could set up a camera
at the back of this see here where she
sits and I could put another camera here
where I asked the questions and we could
like I don't know kind of like just like
conversations at a tree roll or
something like that I don't know it's
just thinking like it's incredible how
simple your mind is not simple actually
I mean it's not simple I don't mean that
way I just mean like the world hasn't
affected her she's not affected by
politics she's not affected by current
affairs she's not affected by anything
she's just uncensor in least telling it
how it is
according to her opinion of the world
and I was like it's really interesting
and so I've got new aligners in and then
I got my teeth cleaned and the nurse um
accidentally gave me the like aligners
from like two weeks or four weeks from
now
had she put them in my mouth and I
honestly started crying that's not if my
makeups running that's why like I
literally started crying because it
hurts so bad like didn't hurt but it was
just like really really tight
thank you came back and she gave me
another one she was like and put that
one in I was like okay and then I put it
in and up she was like how's that I was
like a lot better she's like right we
gave you the ones for like two sets from
now by accident they're like sorry about
that I was like oh my god thank God
because I would have been dying like
that was so so tight in my mouth so my
makeups like run all over the place
because I've just like literally clean
cry I'm so good at that I didn't get to
bring Amelia to ballet today I really
really wanted to but
ah come on let's go home
Amelia come on let's go home let's go
home it's miss venture in your favorite
ballet teacher nil answer alright lift
your weights come on let's go let's go
are don't take just ruin everything
the media is doing some Valentine's
baking and Valentines like crap but look
what she's doing right now
what have you done have you made a
little castle it apart I wish a bridge
sorry
wow that's very creative so we've got
rice krispies white marshmallows we've
got pink bickering threads maybe maybe
we'll see hell I will see well see love
the vidya we've got this well ten
minutes I said houston I want to do this
so I bought this last year
oh I found the purple food coloring your
friends what we made okay so so far what
have you made a pink lips no leave it
there except it's to harden a pink heart
and a little pink heart right mm-hmm
right so we got some new deliveries and
media eduardo have made puddles out of
the bubble wrap is that right yes
crack and then Tie Fighters base for
this new cookware stuff yeah I got all
new cast iron stuff which is amazing
yeah but it's so heavy and I'm trying to
find a place for it and I have returned
oh ma where's the kids oh hello hello
hello you know I don't oh my goodness is
daddy daddy's home
gooden's home hello
I know hello huh why'd you do this
hey what are you doing in here come in
say let's go let's go let's go might say
let's go let's go let's go let's go
inside let's go insight insight insight
insight insight insight
you ready wardo are you ready for this
bath experience
extravaganza are you ready tio
what are you let me see let me see you
can show me oh my goodness what is that
is that mommy's lipstick no it's not
what is it then
ah you give the baby a kiss look what we
live with
Ocoee live with huh amok lipstick
lipstick all right pajamas yeah okay go
upstairs to the bathroom yeah the
mirrors in the bathroom right goodbye
we're gonna be the winners come on water
let's be the winners weirder winners
we're winners did about you Mario you'd
be the winner in summer oh geez oh geez
Louise
now I wonder where she is
what are you doing there go over in the
door don't open the door what if I pull
the curtains this way
oh come on Sydney pants
whatever you've done to yourself Oh
Rafael is playing with the drains don't
go away
Oh No oh boy oh boy oh boy
hello are we ready for a hairdressing
extraordinaire situation you have are
you ready for a house related a hair
situation here we go count me down say
ten to five yeah yeah put on my hair no
goes on your hair you ready oh my
goodness I did it all I turn it around
like this you ready
what's daddy doing
hello okay do a crazy face do a crazy
face do crazy face your eyebrows me like
this is called crazy hair it's where we
get all the hair and we flock it up and
we let it plop down nice
all right we're delicious you're next up
it's funny the difference for the two of
them right so takes Amelia at a belt
maybe four or five minutes to blow dry
her hair
well we sort of focus right now but it
takes Eduardo about a minute to blow-dry
his hairs hair so fine yeah isn't it you
got fine hair you got thick heavy hair
hmm you've got a thick hair like mummy
hmm I think he has hair like well my dad
seems like a sweet girl she's given it
to you what'd he say hey can you go boy
where'd it go upstairs to bed no article
and give back as well no your bed no I
wanna win him back
with that you got nursing in the morning
baby nursery are you gonna baby nursery
with Jess and Kelly I can't give a good
donut school grown-up school is called
work
why does turn mm-hmm
why is out your work is it oh oh come on
mister man come on wardo oh come on word
oh dude you guys put the kids to bed
early tonight
Wow because it's double-sided witness oh
wow Fred Wow the trick of Silent Witness
sides don't watch it on Monday night
that's a terrible mistake because you
know it's going to leave you the worst
cliffhanger so record it if you have one
of those recording boxes or go to the
iPlayer and watch on Tuesday night were
it's on at nine o'clock so between 8:00
and 9:00 we watch Monday's episode and
then 9:00
Chansey you kind of got a double tour to
our special who is it
Melia who okay any chance what have you
come here for this late party is there a
slave party going on you guys
first stop waters room oh okay let's not
talk about that let's not talk about
that don't pay the ferryman till he get
you to the other side boom I did it go
where yell out here here we go we made
it alright give each other hugs you are
no hug can take a knife I go right there
and then what happens okay well
night-night guys in the morning and thus
the conclusion to the video is presented
itself here hello friends welcome to the
conclusion of video presentations
situation hope you enjoyed this video
presentation situation I hope it brought
some happiness and light into your life
and that's it it's over now you can go
home you can finish your snacks or you
can just go ahead and re watch it or
maybe watch another one yeah that might
be a good idea or you can just pause the
video wait there 24 hours and no one
will present itself there's a lot of
options in front of you friend choose
wisely
