hello why are you crazy
we're doing the ring around the rosies
have we got a pocket full of posies oh
my goodness it's cold in the morning
school run it's exciting Hannah's been
here working like a champ
chomp get to work
it's also first day of February if you
haven't please turn to page 2 in your
calendar fens Fendi's boys ding-dong
that's that's not a daisy that's a
monster Daisy okay hold on hold on hold
on hold on so Amelia came to our bed
this morning and about 3 a.m. full of
energy and the chats she did not let us
go to what we intermittently slept yeah
hop in
all morning put it on went off at 7:00
oh my goodness times she just she's so
funny you know he's like her chats are
so like amazing that she can have like
these sort of articulated thoughts and
she can be funny but at same time you're
so annoying on her because she won't are
you sleep but at the same time she's
hilarious but she's looking ah are you
driving do I sit here and you sit there
yes we're gonna be late for school
get back here now am i right I'm gonna
come around and I'm gonna get you see
how fast she moves oh hello mate are you
mommy now
I was not really spring or gonna call it
spring because we're not wearing coats
hats and scarves all right it's time to
be abused
get the old abuse goes on and it's got
her where is that thing guy and a part
of the odorant who just made it a salt
it has like really good reviews that's
part of the reason why I got it well I
guess I saw it on Coronation when he's
gonna become full of salt and just like
broken up your arms bingo everything is
bad for you just finish my workout and I
got my package which is so exciting so I
thought I'd share it with you guys um
okay so I got my bonus is called
foundation because I needed it badly so
I got two packs of that and then I got
this which I'm scared is wrong I hope
it's not one so I got the concealer in
light medium but it says cool on it
where's my only one
so I hope it's the same we'll see so I
got two of them so I'm kind of screwed
of thought you something and then I got
a free gift this is a little black
primer their lashes then I got Urban
Decay primer potion because that's
always good to have and I got my usual
mascara which I don't need yet but I
just like to have backups
not my usual eyepencil
the 24/7 from Urban Decay this is
perversion what exciting that I got two
new lipsticks so this is shy girl by Mac
which looks very yellow toned this is
what's this called
pensive yeah that looks right on my
street look at that perfect nude and
then I got we make it three power
because I really oh my god so basically
what happened was my can you see you can
still see it but it's got a lot better
my eye right here so I was using my a
steal a palette which I mentioned in
like pre in like my videos on my channel
and I mentioned it in like 2 videos and
nothing against a lot but like something
in that palette like obviously didn't
agree with my eye because my eye started
going really red and you can see like
all around it was so much worse and it
was sore and like every time I put my
eye cream on it like stung and I so I
thought maybe with my eye cream I've
been using my eye cream for like once a
month and once with no problems so it
definitely wasn't that and then I just
process of elimination I just stopped
using the the eyeshadow and it went down
and it's got a lot better but it's still
there you can still see it looks like
I've got pinkeye or something so I
needed a different palette and I hadn't
bought this when it came out I don't
know why I didn't because I had one and
two but naked 3 hours sucks
his name's 101 were delicious he's
delicious and nutritious and he's a
little bear he doesn't care
gonna get Emilia what you wanna come
with me oh boy that was not the plan I
want to go get Emilia guess who's
joining me Oh No why don't rain E what
are you doing come on it's rainy you
don't to be late oh no it's bad it's not
raining
good cheaper than a knife
look at these two little monkeys what
are we doing here what's the plan come
on get down get down we gotta go home
it's gonna rain it started to rain
it started to rain it started you're
waiting in our parade let's go let's go
oh my goodness you are like I need to
get a sheepdogs manager detail right go
go go oh you lost the shoe without the
child nor are you lunatics let go to the
post you are know who's whose side is
this it's Amelia side it's gonna start
raining in a minute watch your head
alright Eduardo scooch in climb up no
it's it's difficult okay
no no no no no no no no no oh my
goodness send help guys we made it to
the car you guys like the new song by a
the sane mind
hello
why are you crazy why are you crazy
all right we made it oh we made it
safety first no that was my plan that's
why I carried you you guys are nuts us
not us go go for it go for it
Amelia's found a new job you mopping the
floor today oh good job don't know don't
forget to rinse it though cuz it's gonna
get too wet otherwise yeah and then
squeeze it squeeze all the water out
okay
make sure it's all okay yeah yeah you're
very good at nothing I'm so proud of you
make sure you get every corner yeah
Eduardo
can I see your hair friend honey see
look at mommy
look at mommy okay okay okay so if
boydle has this hairband that he likes
to wear where he puts it on in this yeah
exactly he looks like that when he puts
it on Disney oh that's not even as bad
as the first time
why don't show me your face
on the personality as well is this it's
like a little troll like a mushroom ooh
handsome boy handsome boy couple of
hours later Eduardo has just come into
me Eduardo could you explain to me and
all our friends what you're doing why
are you walking around with your pants
down yo mister pants mister pants down
huh I feel like there's a ringleader I
feel like there's a ringleader in here
boy Squidward why is it Wireless pants
down
why what were you guys doing we don't
pull your pack oh now everybody's pants
is down just daddy pull his pants down
and your underwear as well what are you
what are you doing put your stuff away
oh my what are you up to huh
Oh careful don't sitting out with your
bum hey what are you doing
why do you have your pants down okay
why not taught you how to do that Diddy
and monkey get pull your pants up wash
do you be thinking what do you be
thinking huh hey guess what guess what
guess what
I booked the car I booked the hotel and
I booked an airplane we're going to
order the next week excited Oh
where's the owner I'm gonna see Erica
make you see Erica's new car it's not
exciting yeah it's all booked flights
because I just figure I'm gonna end this
35th year in Arlen I feel like it's the
right place to end my turn fifth year
Nina and I mean I did like 33 of them I
think in Ireland I left for like a
little bit feel like full circle so we
should do for all our new audience
members we should show them all the
places we live with you like a tour you
know oh my goodness speaking of tour
we're doing we're doing I think oh I
can't even like loads of dates in the UK
but would you know Connor I shouldn't
tell ya all right if I tell you you
promise not to listen to me
okay all right a couple of things
there's kids all at their hands then
Australia might be happening all right
because everyone tweeted Francesca
she went to thousands the situation's
Australia is very close to happening
okay
Cardiff definitely happening Bournemouth
that sounds cool Manchester Liverpool I
can't really rest him put like loads of
stuff how exciting is that go how
exciting is that
huh if we go to Bournemouth though when
we go to form it we need to show you
guys our husband is having outlived
employment for like a year when we're in
university bringing out renewing
University mail stop it huh that couloir
no no why are you going to punch down
again why here to punch down again what
what is this new no Constance why are we
doing - no pine stands in the back
running is what we use in the back way
right what's peas the same with this is
the shampoo that we use for the kiddos
which was also firts peas it's a tasty
it's a tasty time all right where is the
squid Scott squid Squatch what all right
squid Squatch the box is ready for the
squid squat upstairs upstairs upstairs
all right come on mmm Peppa Pig come on
you be a good tweet be a squid squad
member squid squad member can you say
squid squad come on squid squad come on
God all right wait there squid squad
let's go find your sister
there she is you there you there yeah
yeah go get her with God
that's what we'll do fine that's what
we'll do fine to fund our own place and
maybe it's the party talking or the
chocolate fun do I see your face now
Amelia do not open the box I thought I
wanted Twitter after that I was like oh
I get it so made a pencil or a box one
creative people did the reactive and
Slade's always makes me chuckle chuckle
the truffle brothers so one of the
comments that their uncle was the
Chuckle brothers I was like what what
kind of world do we live in
anyway enjoyed friends tanks like
friends subscriptions and comments
things like that and that like things
and I'll see you tomorrow
good bye
