Wow it's more delicious come here check
out the Rapunzel twins mmm
Rapunzel one and Rapunzel two and
Rapunzel three not right
what good morning friends and welcome to
a Sunday of snuggles and dogs
oh and Eduardo's what and of course
frozen's always the frozen's in the
mornings it's the Disney Sundays what
are you doing what do you do it it's
raining today that's no fun is this but
you have fun yesterday blue SAP in
school do you want to move into London
today if you want to stay out here the
country died I want to stay with you and
happy and successful ever forever ever
do you know who do you like Louie or
Xavi a that is a big boy Louie's like
Eduardo mm-hmm and they're having
another baby did you know that why cuz
they wanted to sometimes when a mommy
and daddy love each other they have a
baby and some people have multiple
babies I just like potato baby a potato
baby yeah baby a fricative big baby me
there's a new baby and shopkeepers
keeper pellet baby and potato baby
what they eat the babies the padishah
babies Wow I don't want to eat a potato
baby yes your have to avoid the teachers
might get bothers you
what did a potato baby a potato baby
mean that your I do eat it
okay the potato baby yeah hey guys so
I'm not any video right now I'm just
gonna insert a clip because Jonathan
totally forgot to put this clip in a few
days ago and you were supposed to so
we're gonna stick it in here now so this
is not a few days ago what are we doing
in Amelia's room oh look at all these
books
yeah okay hey Moe today what did the
caterpillar thing it's a ladybird ah
it's great when you're a child and you
have so much time to read books oh it's
one of the things about getting older
you never have time to read book the my
doing well you know what you do have
time for ya listen to books and media
sucks I remember I used to work in and
the studio um you didn't have to talk to
people it was more about sitting in your
in your in your workspace working on
computers animation and stuff and I
would listen to audiobooks and Bill
Bryson was definitely my favorite
audiobook to listen to you want to get
down yeah okay come on
oh yeah Bill Bryson is definitely my
favorite I found like the day went by
much faster if I listen to an audiobook
rather than listening to music haha
and then it just so happens Bing that
audible emailed me and they said we have
a great offer to offer your viewers if
you want um so I'll leave a link down
below you guys click the link sign up to
audible you get a free book if you don't
listen to audiobooks it's actually
really cool you know if you're on the
train or if you're walking to school
every single day
like I just think it's a great thing to
open because you don't always have time
and sit down and actually read a book
but you tend to always have time to
listen to music and this is just
substituting some of that music time to
listen to somebody telling you the story
you know it's kind of like podcast I
don't know I think it's really cool
anyway
links down below check it out enjoy it
mmm good luck okay oh damn if I ever
write a book lads I am going to narrate
my own book I want to say I know that
Shay and his son Gavin they actually did
the em the voice what's even quality
what is the cause yeah audiobook for
their own book so if I ever write a book
why ever makes a book at him I drop my
life I am doing the Autobahn gonna sit
there and go to court the holiday the
pocketful of posies a tishoo a tishoo we
all fall down down in the belly of the
deep bring see who is coming for Eduardo
the monster come on ha ha ha thank you
but the show guys
hi guys we are back we are going to make
first bucardo house for my and my
brother on me and my god and me got it
from a doe and we have to / buy it and
we get and we are going to build it so
it's doc is it better okay so we have
now we open get rollin up we are going
to build x+ let's get all the back up
and then get the shop so it open high
right now we are going to do the captain
and week this is for downstairs ok shake
this think culture is a bit high up so
he can see Dad this is to where to pass
that all goes because it is this is of
it first when I we have to come I go
with you ready uh-huh
this is the place you can see why this
goes where the bags that bus and it put
baby to see the flow no hot bubbles but
you have to put impact I hate you wanna
thank you
mommy I kicked wardo mummy because I
wanted to well you can't say I'm not
your friend what do I have to do oh
sorry the hospital I want to go to the
hospital King no no space Oh
okay bye sweetheart
so would you call me sweetheart
thank you you're so funny
ah Mummy Mummy Mummy Mummy can we can we
bake cookies or chocolate muffins
okay
thank you now I know my truck no my turn
hey I'm only kidding
mmm it wasn't me hey you like that
orange white oh ah okay hairdresser
mummy is back okay and we've just sorted
these guys out okay now let's go
upstairs and look in the mirror excuse
me
Rapunzel - right okay there you go now
up the stairs Rapunzel's come on I don't
know what kind of accent this is going
out tonight yeah okay okay this
Rapunzel's a little bit slow a little
bit of slow Punk
all right go check yourselves in the
mirror fabulous now if this mirror is
fine see you don't even check it up
there
do you see yourselves Wow
it's more delicious come here check out
the Rapunzel twin
mmm
Rapunzel 1 and Rapunzel 2 and Rapunzel 3
not right we're fabulous okay don't do
that because you might actually you know
tip it over you can also look in this
mirror looks so cute oh it's Rapunzel 1
and Rapunzel - wow I'm at me Amalia
Amelia actually looks like I'm kind of
normal like she looks I could imagine
her with hair like that will it grow
that lot this hair da if you let it
okay don't do that
you miss your getting a chop that's what
I mean she looks like normal topic is
Ramona's a hair dye no she looks a bit a
bit I have my own hair like Victorian
but it matches his colour better those
guys today it's past midnight is it has
been that if oh no no it's my birthday
month excited about that it's find one
there's nothing on that day it's me I'm
gonna have to wear pink the whole month
so I expect every morning
anyway every day you have to give me a
present leaving up to my birthday that's
it a birthday monthly you do it's not
work it's like the 12 days of Christmas
yeah present on one day and then I can't
present the next day bonds in today was
always problems for me yeah it was not
not until you met me and you change your
little rules what did I write to me
you're always an romantic my Valentine's
Day is gonna met me you played this one
selfie like oh it was always so hard to
me is my birthday
but then it's not my birthday I own the
Valentine's Day give her yeah you were
now in the past year maybe more did the
past year
oh the co isn't it yeah oh yeah know
that I do myself this year there wasn't
even a card mmm whyever six years ago oh
it's probably one of those days where
it's like it starts in the morning and
then cuts the evening and that's how you
know it was that's a you know it was a
big long anyway in the middle of the day
gone because you didn't get me a card
oh no that's all I wanted was a car not
a present sorry about that and then you
didn't get me a card but you were worse
remember oh yeah I wasn't those in the
seat right and then you can't and I was
like oh maybe he's just oh no oh yeah
that's right that's right Mac and I was
just like Jim I got dressed I know
there's like nothing like you just
treated it like was normal day and I was
just like it all depends on your
performance on the birthday so
everything good luck anyway goodbye good
luck save my friends right I will leave
a link down below if you guys want to
watch that video from that episode
actually just pause there and went and
look for it and I watch it and videos
only eight minutes and most of it I'm in
work about six minutes of it I'm in work
and then it cuts it like the nighttime
and I'm like ah she's gonna be short
blocks today guys
obviously we fought for a white a while
about that one anyway leave a link there
below you can watch it um yeah that was
like five or six years ago that's great
that's crazy
hope you did video like favorite comment
subscriptions and all that kind of stuff
and I'll see you tomorrow
