good morning friends I like your trench
coat hello mister man where are we going
where we going guys do you remember Wow
jeez does anyone remember where we're
going
anyone at all do you remember we're
going round yeah going to a super cool
play date nursery fun time preschool
extravaganza event situation master
working legs should be working all the
time never a break for for us all right
now
oh good - car dies you didn't see all
along here try that the rage is like
it's cracked at all but regice regice
our chief others to the lip is like
popped up and stuff but it's not a pie
and then over here you can see this is
her she scraped across my elke you sound
that bad it's not it could have been way
worse could have been way worse Oh what
are we doing this is what I was saying
about the front dog she actually hit the
front left there's like air intakes and
stuff there would've been way worse now
come here to me young ladies and
gentlemen ladies and gentlemen
chicka-boom chicka-boom chicka-boom I'm
driving
all righty Kensington High Street I say
what did you ask me please pay before
leaving do you mean like right now and
they didn't mean which means when you
leave with your car later now go go pay
the ticket now anyway we're near
Kensington High Street that's all right
now would appear right here okay now we
have to figure it now we don't have the
satin after done Siri to figure out the
rest of it on our own we are really high
up I love looking number Turkey look at
that house oh my god this is so nice
Hey look this the Maserati Grand Sport I
used to have the black one there at the
red calipers look at Park inside my
future house I will not be buying as
essential and jump in you're from
England would know you're nothing that
it's about Turkey million or something
ridiculous like that no hope here okay
this is where you pull in up here
hope this way
go go go
all right we are here what put the
figure out how'd you get in huh let's go
let's go guys open the big doors they're
so cute oh my goodness school is still
are you being build it darling we are
here check this out this is a breena's
house just got yesterday it's so good is
it a church so cool look he's back oh
you don't places huh hey we have one of
these we haven't built yet the teepee
thing one place it's on that fast can
you go that fast can you go that fast
can you go
if I skin you go vote the sheriff's
coming the sheriff
howdy Sheriff how fast can you go the
fast can you go hi skinny go fast can
you go a fast game so fast it's a race
Louise winning Louise going Oh Amelia's
in the pits then the land olanta time
the in the render like that then then
Dylan Dylan
in the Linda Linton 10 sheriff sheriff
Callie it's getting too dark
yippee ai-yay sheriff Callie oh no no no
we're does destroyed the world
why does destroyed the world the woods
the Octonauts let's go then the Linda
Linda then and why don't go give the
bear you're never gonna be allowed back
here again class
go up here ties which is wired up didn't
try to follow us
pity running you do not stare check you
said that this is the restroom oh my
goodness the echo in there
night night everybody ever go to sleep
everyone gonna sleep no sleep no sleep
asleep
Oh
Green is cooking us dinner
oh it stopped the fire alarm is going
off a second ago
what do we got for dinner lads move it
out for dinner chicken I'm getting the
chicken I would like so Chico the cats
break it out reading oh no I don't
follow huh oh oh yeah give me a break so
cute Iron Man Iron Man whatever Iron Man
can you aren't mad make this thing on
turns me on Batman we got the adventures
here
wait spider-man's ax Avenger crossed
with spider-man cross with Star Wars now
he's like The Incredible Hulk
Frankenstein Frankie
oh no shakin gloves off oh when you go
Raven I'll look at the floor let's dance
dance dance dance dance dance on
spectral cafe place what if you like to
go was there just talking about Spanish
before yeah yeah actually even telling
you get a much better picture here and
yeah a little selection for those
authorities
the perfect selection and the real
reason they actually came here for a
copy all right Adam was trying to
convince us to buy a house here
all right a flat I was just lunch in it
you know Jonathan you know I was
thinking of buying one for you oh geez
and I with the Lambo as well I was maybe
hasn't been delivered yet where is that
the Little League we can talk about
later let me think this one here at 3.2
is nice you know I think you all right
it's a Mews house having streets so get
away very Cottage one light do we get
away in the turn you get away to the
city
yeah it's a getaway
yeah done awesome we go down let's go
check it out cool let's go see it let's
take a coffee secrets my friend Sabrina
all right what do you guys want do you
want the real gold 12 carat gold cake
which one do you want yeah don't know I
can't ever go honey they're not all
right there was a pop court we're on the
way home we stopped here I'm not a
hundred percent sure where we are but we
needed some chips and some fries in this
place has lots of chip surprise from the
other
I may have made the work or greatest
mistake of my life I wanted to get the
chips and fries and stuff and I was
walking past and I saw like Oh Krispy
Kremes and coffees so we ended up with
Krispy Kremes instead of instead of I
don't know who was a better choice or a
worse choice but you know it was it was
a tasty choice that's what I was for
sure
anyway kids are in bed asleep we are
home the doggies are happy to see us
happy didn't actually spend that much
time here Emma's gone home but I'm only
left like not that long ago she booked a
car and when she got WIC so the doggies
that was cool but we kind of had a
doggie pet sitter for today he's make
cool guys mmm give us a doughnut that
when we call it quits we're still here
yeah but yeah yeah wasn't this back
wherever we go into Adam and Sabrina it
always turns in Oh we'll just go in for
the morning now you know you know you
have those friends that whenever you
hang out with like it ends up turning
into a 15 to 20 hour event what happens
okay the dog ladies go crazy crazy dog
and let this fun press DTO wants to get
up do you want see you know do has a
thing he needs to be on top of this teal
is gonna climb board I call it I call it
I call it boom boom there you go
he was aboard he just has to sit on you
if you lie down for a second this hit me
newbies in behind kappa cena is going to
lick your face alby's not going to get
home and the baby
what have you got to say for yourself
what if we had to save yourself mmm all
right goodbye friends
say bye friends miss a banana always
have that debate you know whether we
should move into central London and live
in the city and there's so much going on
and it's like everything at your beck
and call 24 hours a day but then I don't
know how happy the dogs would be because
for the same value of land out in sort
of Surrey and Kent and Essex and
Hertfordshire you're gonna get a lot
more line and you're gonna get a bigger
house but it's not everything available
as much because it's more like town life
versus city life and most of our friends
live in the city and uh it's a it's a
hard one that's it's a hard one if
anyone has a hey guy although I don't
just bother me in three and a half
million buy an apartment that was that
was pretty cool or flash flashes they
call them here in the United Kingdom the
kingdom of United people anyway I hope
you enjoyed video give us no likes
favorites comments subscriptions and all
of the above things that you'd like to
give me and I'll see you tomorrow
