see but look you actually moved the car
like accounting my car my life didn't go
off
it was so bad I thought I could put it
in reverse
uh-huh the automatic Carson house idea
was like boom like into it huh I was
like oh me but maybe I just won't come
home
morning clan together
I mean it doesn't wanna go to school
today because Emma's here but I bet you
a memo be fast asleep until you get home
from school
is she snoring in her bed Lizzie is she
quietly sleeping like a lady yeah
quietly sleeping like a lady okay come
on before girl you get your storm
Gertrude is on the way mom let us go let
us go
Friday lads the Friday again hell yeah
is it out hey rocky what is it seen that
see that Jacinta yeah Friday the last
Friday of January 2016 this is it this
is it media will never be another Friday
of January 2016 or will have to wait
till next year to get the next January
Friday's something to think about
something old put in the old loggers
there don't you do it you get back come
here to me now where you get what you
want to do nothing now quickly before
Gertrude comes
Gertrude is gonna wash this all away now
you want to grip yourself now you climb
up yourself going show us all how it's
done me lady doesn't need no help I
don't need no man to tell me nothing huh
you got this la la la la
la la la la la quiet down class don't
tell me what to say and don't tell me
what to do and please wipe your bum
after a poop yeah
what what's all this what's on a spoon
to talk about anyway it's Friday
hello the school row tonight
wish you had 50 kids I love this girl
Jumeirah I want to be one of those dads
you know it drops like all the local
kids to school like they're like dad
you're so annoying with like a
seven-seater big thing look it's the mr.
blue man you got the blue socks huh what
number is that gray can you count
you can count thank you count to 10
count to 10 1 2 3 yeah yeah Wow yeah
7 ok good boy that was good going and
you got your age hmm 8 8 are great are
you a great 8 what's daddy's home
Amelia's in school yeah no party yeah me
is that a party
what okay hi happy Australia Day can you
say happy as kiss I did I might can you
say good I might throw some shrimp on
the barbie happy birthday to Australia I
don't even know what it's really they
means I don't think it's it's birthday
huh
say good I might cook it all Gandhi no
anyway Eduardo was in the class this
morning and defended it was a stray
today and they made a little Australian
like it's bait we have to go to
Australia this year because hop off and
Emma finally woke up 16 years later oh
yeah studying in bed was it hi
what have you done did you ask mommy
what happened what happened mommy you
know what happened what you gotta tell
all your friends I've read you watched
it what take your friends brothers was
it scary
what's your car like is it I'm so lucky
please will you moved the car I was
thinking some footage here for you see
you guys can see but look you actually
moved the car like accounting for
carnival thing my life didn't go off it
was so bad I thought I could put it in
reverse
yeah I'm the automatic Carson house they
did not every uh I was like boom not
into it huh
I was like oh maybe but maybe I just
won't come home yeah it's like the only
option what are you looking for it phone
call with swapsies oh hello hello hi
well done that's your first crash it was
so bad it's always did you crack the Reg
anything yeah there's he registered she
doesn't matter about the Reg yeah he
just want to hear about the car Mike so
first I saw like but look I randomly
that was because there's loads in
traffic this morning I drove in that
would have been way worse if I was
turned it away around because you would
hit my front bumper and that's where all
the sensors are there's many at the back
like that yeah so it's really lucky for
car keys I thought in the worst it looks
a bit worse than it does because your
part was actually quite dirty you know
you've worked it all off you can see
like you roped along but I think I can
buff that out as soon as that happened I
broke I'm Ricky Davis you move you move
the car I couldn't believe it the car
actually like moves forward when you hit
it and then I just just like stopped
there for ages oh I like not moving
who's like bet you think I can't my
gonna get out of this my gear first back
in a pauper's fall off I like it that
like if I if I put it into reverse it I
don't really be in Reverse and that it
would go like closer in that's what I
was kind of scared of and I was like
that's why I didn't I didn't do anything
I'm just like well at least you didn't
like crash to the wooden fence and
you're parted into traffic way they're
like hi how's it going
oh I better go collect Amelia all right
we have calm I brought Warner with me
I've come to get a media let's go love
is coming
this new coat is so nice Myrtle isn't it
it's gone you guys are crazy little
bunny you know that what how are you
let's go you bring the daddy home bring
daddy home
come on what Oh hold on I think I'll
press the button today look beep well we
have to be very careful you move in move
in move in move in
hold no inside oh geez oh geez oh geez
what don't go that way yeah no go go go
go that way you go that way yeah yes I
know you stand at that door
gotcha
all right cookie that's good intent see
Emma let's go inside see Emma guys don't
go home my goodness actually takes 17
hours bring these children home from
school it's only one ringer duardo but
she loves on the ring right now and our
love is like let's go collect yeah let's
go
thanks guys let's go does there's a
surprise inside you wanted a secret do
you guys want to know a secret
it appears to have worked
lots of people even commented what do
you want to know the secret okay
Eduardo come on the secret the secret
guards come on inside quickly let's go
inside into the kitchen you know the
secrets in the kitchen come on let's go
does poopoo their eyes let's go let's
get the secret the secret guys oh he's
all right okay
you're all right you're all right you're
all right keep it together keep it
together keep it
come on keep it together don't lose it
now get the secret to the secret know
what right this time I better better
follow through with the secret so give
them one of these um something's easy
that they can actually do huh yes we can
yes I can if you want put your brother
on me you see it word oh can you name
them all
yeah I'm so one punch oh thank you
wow that's really good
I know yeah you have loads of dresses
like that
Rapunzel's will we make it word oh yeah
okay that he needs to open it hold on
alright let's do it guys punch his head
you don't do it on me why no you have to
put in here ah what are you acting like
a baby for
why are you acting like a baby ain't
your head oh hey guys have we lost
interest in your puzzle all right thank
you
hey last very long did it
alright dude a puzzle you have ten
seconds what are you what that's not the
game that's not the game
wardo the game that's how the puzzle
pieces get lost
no trying puzzle piece okay I just drew
a puzzle piece but apart from that
there's no trying puzzle pieces you hear
me you hear me
now try and build the puzzle okay good
luck you wonky donkey are you unki
donkey what yo Angie donkey ha what come
on guys this is that this is a some
team-building exercises in yesterday's
video we were reading this book okay now
we did read the whole thing but when I
was editing it I just thought I'll just
like chop it up a little bit because we
did loads a mess around the kids the
amount of comments of people asking me
what happened to Pandora's box we're
gonna go ahead and read it
alright Emilia you got you guys stole
one of my toes nails and then she's
putting it everywhere
burger now that's you wanted to get
professor stinky bottom in here now look
in Dora's box
don't open the docs Pandora
nobody is interested in our story here
she's not that open the box then what
happens how what happens next
huh don't open the box Pandora Oh No
Pandora's looking at the Box what does
she want to do here you hear did you
open that
does she what happens next so she gets
excited huh she touches the box oh
what's so funny she touches our I forget
us it's not working what are you kidding
all right
she touches the box Dan move your feet
yo features she then lies on the box
then she sits on the it's under Bob get
hi guys guys we need to know she stands
on the box she jumps up oh yeah Oh what
happened
cupcakes I got everywhere
okay so everyone nut is what happened to
Pandora and she says she used to love me
and she says yes I love you that is the
story of Pandora's Box all right you
want a sled time okay or you think water
wants to sit at the back okay all right
first you say bye friends
say my friends right out okay
my friend see you tomorrow did you need
to hit any buttons push button no poo
poo Barton all right Ready Steady ah and
this is the end of the video
presentation hope you had a good time
enjoying this presentation presentation
I make myself chuckle sometimes I'm a
chocolate product remember to chuckle
brothers
jeez that goes back a bit huh anyway I
hope you enjoyed it give us the old
likes in the comments and the
subscriptions you know the main like if
that's your thing is that you're
tingling Tang tang um yeah that's it
that's it that's all she wrote let's
watch a couple of the old videos in the
description box
have yourself a time of your life and
I'll see you tomorrow for another one
