oh hello oh hi oh hi there oh hello oh
hi oh hi what do you do with your Iraq
hey hello say hello hello friends it's
me and more delicious waiting for media
ever here you go it will be school
Oh No he's got it oh no because what if
she like isn't in school
she doesn't going to playground of a
selection rain eye product I brought her
lashing rain before and not way they're
just waiting she brings her wedding she
laughed where was all day in the
classroom I know
give me a don't you go rent stealing
people's cameras concurrence hey you
people's can see photo he's got it Oh
who's that
hey you guys isn't wardo boy over there
- no no don't eat him don't eat that
oh it is posing for pictures cheese and
tomatoes if you stop moving I can get it
here you need to free fries brain no
over here
Freeza yeah yeah
beautiful shall we go
oh we haven't forgotten about you mister
huh yeah okay Hadji nope you ate at last
I we lit this hmm
now eat your part I'm gonna drop me to
the school and then I'm gonna come back
and then I'm gonna come back and I'm
gonna get chill is it no it's not a
ready media welcome to the perfect storm
wowzers Wow
so you know why all the Americans are
having fun in the snow but as we all saw
a Casey's video what's happened is that
all of that lovely snow during its
journey across the Atlantic has melted
into rain and now we are getting the
equivalent of your lovely snow converted
to rain that's what we're getting now so
we won't be making any cool snowboarding
videos to our high street we might make
a jet skiing video if all this water
turns to rain or the rain turns water
come on quickly quickly before we get
washed away goodness let's go
Oh No I know what this light at this
side I had to drive in this way
yesterday serious you need to clean look
at my reverse camera can't even see any
end of it you need to clean it ah we
have to run in case we get wet
ah your eyes come off let's come off oh
no silly wouldn't this be more fun if it
was snow No yeah but snow is when it
snows I've done it I did my workout huh
yeah you're such a bundle of flaps today
um did my workout yes today's Wednesday
it's hump day
so only two more hits left foot for the
week um although I actually kind of
enjoyed doing my work kids because Lucy
gave me a new one which if you want to
see that one
check out my one eight Wednesday because
I show you it start to finish and I
always write it in the description box
as well if you want to know like you
know how many reps or whatever so that's
that did my workout for the day now I'm
going to try and get ready and I have
some packages coming I got some new
clothes for the kids so excited about it
and I'm going to film halls of them
because I haven't done a kids clothing
horn quite a while and um I'm just so
excited I love Sarah clothes everything
I buy very much for the kids is from
Zara oh I'm gonna get ready before I
start freezing my bum off again so I've
come to him for Nina Anna Hazare has
denied me cutting Eduardo hair
I don't want cutting as Harry hm-hmm
just don't shave that we're going to
have to shave it
no we're not short back inside he look
so good would like just leave some
comments we'll discuss it as the
community yeah well I'm not like
wouldn't it look really good if it was
like tight on the sides and like just a
little bit as a top not much like in
short back in size like water is ready
for his first haircut yeah me too caught
yeah I know we did it did not in our
gosh and I was like we're just like
shave up here Harry's not with the razor
no yeah it's not a razor it's a trimmer
razor sounds like way words it's a
trimmer so yeah no yeah no I like Mitch
the girls are going to do just like that
and that's it thank you bye she's hardly
gonna be like you know the girls are
going show me right now what your
beautiful everyday Russian wife and I
have a spot on my forehead and I'm still
here and my forehead is very high so it
looks like married bears are two spots
and rashes you don't get true bloating
and order things I committed hey thank
you so much all right now oh it's date
night date night what you gonna do
that's why I have this sexy top life
easy access let's look evoke annoyed I
didn't open our know can I open it one
it's so annoying I kind of I think I
might change for you this top is always
like this it's ridiculous that's not
possible - oh my god another one just
open yeah yeah it's actually really
stupid like it's a nice idea but they
should be not open appalled oh yes I
just designed yeah so like you get into
at the front like a jumper a little I
know where my head is hardly a cardigan
oh I tell you put it on and then like
had to like lock them all back I was
like that's impossible
anyway well shave vardas head organ and
says do it now software update nine
point two point one is ready to install
oh no we're gonna have to do that okay
so you go into mommy I'll install the
update
mommy's calling you Oh
yeah I'm trying to start where I want to
wake up with my birthday because your
birthday is like your own private New
Year's you know if we you share New
Year's and everybody else in attorney
versus a timer but your birthday is like
your own private New Year's you get just
to keep for yourself so I'm like what do
I want but I want to open 36 that poor
we go did you just singing and dancing
what kind of dancing did you do look at
him look at him ooh cosmetics makeup hmm
gonna brush my hair I'm gonna say when a
haircut snip snip snip snip snip snip
snip snip snip
oh goodness we're gonna chop all these
curls off thank you daddy
Oh daddy's hair this is gonna hurt do it
do it ah good boy
why does hair cut weird yeah there's why
I don't want a haircut you want me to
cut your hair I'd rather say no yeah
does it wider one long curly hair
this is a wider one short a buzz cut do
you want the buzz cut the GI Joe in your
head grow your own hair you're trying to
cut his well I'm sabotaging his I'm
jealous I'm jealous
I'm gonna shave at a hairline a receding
hairline into his head zel fear and
tinted add on top the balding spots oil
we don't often cause the trouble right
up all right I gotta go collect your
sister later Gator
bye dad say say Slater Gator oh my
goodness
all right got the boots on these boots
are made for walkin there's that this is
what they'll do oh my goodness
Vidia soaked I need a boat we made it
looks like we made it did you get wet
did you get wet and you're not talking
to me
do you not love me anymore you still
love me
no thank you what are you doing with
your eyebrows Hey
you're a funny bunny did you know that
what's that is that your is that your
cross face cross face oh oh hello oh hi
oh hi there
oh hello oh hi oh hi what do you do with
your Iraq Hey
oh hello oh hello what'd you say
huh go huh ah you're so funny
are you funny buddy yeah yeah yeah all
right oh my phone's ringing
hold on uh-huh hello
yes guys check out this salad that I
just whipped up I didn't even really use
a proper recipe I kind of like just went
with it
and I never do stuff like that like my
mom's really good at making salads like
from scratch just herself but it's with
avocado quinoa sun-dried tomatoes feta
rocket just like basically all we had
left it could be disgusting but oh no
sneaky peek pinky beaks oh my goodness
are they yours oh look at this Kanye
it's so cool awesome what is this what
okay okay okay no see you all where
you're gonna have matching jackets oh
okay so it is date night tonight but I'm
cooking for the kids for when we're not
here because there wasn't really
anything left over there's like little
bits but not really that much so I'm
making spaghetti Puttanesca so I've got
spaghetti whole wheat spaghetti about
tuna I've got garlic okay why is it
nothing Charlotte and show these I don't
have capers I do however have
yes olive black olive which incidentally
Jonathan doesn't actually like so it's
probably a good thing that they're
having this now yeah until these black
olives
no papers cinnamon chili chili flakes
that leaf parsley
organic chopped peeled tomatoes a crusty
lemon which I probably won't be able to
use his far too old and I think that was
everything I needed
oh my goodness check out Eduardo
he's got a new yeah you guys have new
coats and scarves mm-hmm she's got a new
scarf you guys look so spiffy hey
information is done my influency oh
maybe in a minute okay yeah all right
you look like mummy in you know trench
coat and that looks like mummys other
jacket yeah amazing that's daddy yeah
and you look like mummy so stylish yes
so who wants to be in charge Amelia or
Eduardo Amir Eduardo was in charge last
time or do you think we should be albe
you want to be in charge all right
there's a couple of rules now it's not
hair washing night but you're gonna have
to read it wardo his book what book do
you want to read word of the donkey book
the donkey Booker came through the
donkey book okay and make sure to leave
his star lights on and then his musical
dog and any put into bed and then when
you put yourself to bed you can read one
book for yourself as well all right give
me two bucks okay you can read two books
and then put yourself to bed and don't
forget to put the doggies to bed and let
them out for their Peas
okay I'm put the dishwasher on okay all
right okay good luck and we're out of
there
that was very tasty
the tasty time me and me mate we busy
there's mate lads mmm right let's go
home make babies
that's our plan I don't go for this
munch the birthday month let's party all
my goodness we can make a baby on my
birthday and we could call it gelatin $2
in a second
oh yeah we could call him Jonathan Anna
waiting oh boy look at it boring you am
i boring you
look at their new torte analytes ruining
it
root room two channels of these now
let's calm down cam to have a pet camera
there mister I'm done with that sir
today hmm
bloody half a and now we have the
babysitter till 11:00 or already
finished and I'm like yawning
we're what are we gonna do that sit in
the car and listen to music when the
heated and heated seats to stand her own
until the babysitters finished I am
using all my minutes up okay and then we
sat in the car for three hours
well actually did I well no it's bad an
hour and a half while we were talking to
some friends in the phones and just
Jackson I'm in for a little walk and
stuff I doubt but it is funny because
you're like I have using all my time I
am taking advantage of this situation
let's and now it's the next morning
hello welcome to the next morning for
the evening or denied depends on when
you're watching it hope you enjoyed it
anyhow
opener brought some happiness into your
life and you know give to your comments
and subscriptions and favorites and
likes they're always appreciated and
I'll see you again tomorrow
