good morning Alessia Amelia
Edwin and Anna you may have seen in
Anna's insta story dear today
alas he made the funniest face when she
ate a strawberry but she make the
funniest face amelia when she ate the
strawberry so let's just choosing not to
do as I say we're not gonna do for me
but I'm gonna put in Anna's into the
story here so you guys can see it and
we'll try again after lunch that maybe
she'll feel really funny because it is
that what it is you have to do it you a
hundred percent are doing this on
purpose
you're so funny you're doing it for the
love you don't wait to hit your mouth
but she's doing it to get my reactions
yeah she doesn't even find it's our she
was just doing it for my reaction like
it's a strawberry it's not sour if you
make the face go okay last one so when
our Instagram has good made this account
right and every day on the blog they put
up one year ago two years ago to
screenshot from all the flaws it's so
interesting to see how different our
life will change how many years they put
up the couple of isn't it yeah it's gone
I thinking like what not be fun idea for
like a video like once a week asana I
imagine we did like the week this week
and then this week last year the year
before the year before
yeah yeah yeah yeah I don't know let me
know I mean it's a good idea to make it
a little fun hang up like that burn me
in the comments leave me in the comments
okay in the comments though Bobby just
got a bit honest I just realized my
slipper socks are on inside-out but
that's okay just a bit to put Alessi
down for her first now it's about
quarter past nine but she has been
pooing all morning she's like on poo
Patrol
don't poop Patrol yeah she cooed this
morning like when she woke up she had
already food in her nappy and then she
puta ghin before breakfast time and now
I can smell it she's food again so she's
like a poo machine this morning aren't
you yes you are she had porridge with
fruit and then she had some pancakes
like little bits of the media's leftover
one I'm not sure if I'm gonna put makeup
on today because I think my skin needs a
break I don't really like these little
break instead of happening because I
don't usually get them anymore
I just don't really like I don't know
how my skin feels when I've got like
it's from that detox that I did over
Christmas I just felt like really good
about my skin as much as I love makeup
and I love I prefer how I look with
makeup on I think it's like an enhanced
version of yourself but at the same time
I just like having my skin breathe and
just recently ever since doing that
detox I just like I'm craving like just
new to skin I think we all need a break
sometimes you know yeah
right day for lunch
we have no food left in the house so we
are making leftovers depends of brioche
buns
on a date Wednesday me listen what a day
Wednesday unless he had food less he
always has food so we got fans of
brioche buns
we found some flexitarian sausages Linda
McCartney specials so the kids are tuna
Mustapha Nana are having saucy Sambo's
dinner party Sanborn years these saucy
Sambo's my friends are flexitarians
ensembles they're a bit different
they look good are your diesel ins there
is one like Linda McCartney's
outrageously succulent vegetarian for
flexitarians like me
what are they come here for you are
mozzarella cheddar chowder ooh
level 6 I love you guys like creamy
cheese or mature cheese let me know do
you like dead creamy cheese or do you
prefer mature cheese I like the most
mature cheese possible the ones at the
warning why you're not eating while I'm
cooking step 1
the sausage step 2 add the cheese step 3
add some ketchup plastic saucy sambo
there's a sausage and cheese and ketchup
it's that kind every day I get the baby
what you are come jealous yeah okay come
on
but you have a party oh did he know I'm
waiting for you where are you there you
go come on come on little is that what
I'm gonna get them for you I'm gonna get
them fool you I'm gonna get there before
you you got there before me now wake up
oh she's already awake cook nice pajamas
he going to makes me good morning again
Eduardo Hospital PE no piglet you can
you just barter cuz you have Winnie as
well don't you yeah it is my boy
I really was thinking was uh then he did
please it's ready so I bought them dish
more dough I cannot focus on you for
some reason
so I hate myself with his child
do you like piglet yes she does yes she
does
guys it's kind of that kind of day you
know pajamas all day long cuz tomorrow
is the first day back to school so I'll
kick it off tomorrow is here so I'll
kick it off tomorrow huh
Bravo Mike the school well you don't get
to get to school yet mmm would you you
can stay home and mommy and daddy we
will have to get the school eventually
so are you guys excited for school
tomorrow
yeah what are you most excited about
school of media is the art of girlfriend
yeah didn't you see everyone at the
party yesterday
meetings are never 9 of this like silly
Eduardo what are you most excited for
tomorrow let's go what you wanna do what
you wanna do yeah I mean yeah I mean
yeah do you like staying in Rome or
going to school you're not gonna let's
go and that's yeah do you want to go to
school do you want to go to school
unless yeah what do you want to stay
home what do you think Amelia
so a couple of days ago or yesterday
wasn't it we were looking for was it
today we couldn't find the blue sake
there left over blue sake well we just
found it it's frozen somebody
accidentally put it in the freezer don't
open it
it's dinner time now you put it in the
fridge wardo it might be ready for you
so some kind of a party going on in here
is there all right let's go boys and
girls oh my god the kids love this song
what's that what's the tagline what did
I always say that what does it mean yeah
he you know that these guys at the two
brothers that set this channel up we
were in Jacobs Islands she remember and
I was like oh my god somebody set up a
musical channel on YouTube that's how
long ago that was amazing
let's go guys unless years students
intern of gymnastics you know it's a
good Sunday guys when at the end of the
Sunday when we're having our showers
were in our pajamas we're all in our
pajamas from this morning none of the
pajamas the kinesin bikinis all right
equally Jodie's it's in an entire year
since you asked you or not unless you
know Halon yeah I was watching a
favorite YouTube channel
boom a boom bitch boom bitch internal
views supporting the family cutie little
cutie huh kids haven't gone to school
since last year magic in the Tower of
Power
forever our haven't taken out oh that's
good uniform that's a higher I feel like
there's a dressing area yep
let's skirt as I will be rightly
corrected skirts ease and then we're
gonna need some mutter things for
Scoobies and what else does a child need
he says Oh Tamar's PE so I'm gonna need
PE gear tomorrow
that's not bad first day back in his PE
that's what I'm talkin about
the more you think about that idea I
love editing story time videos there's
eight years of my life on this channel
and then insane and when you go and you
look back myself an Anna just living
together it's boyfriend and girlfriend
straight out of college our lives have
changed so more the videos today are
very very similar to the videos that we
used to put up like eight years ago cuz
I don't like change but like I enjoy how
ciccone Jolie's is to stay current with
current trends you have to be a bit
crazier and you know as as it goes on
you know newer channels commit and they
like push the bar we have like
boundaries we've always been like strict
and those boundaries that we have in the
worst I was ever on each of the worst
but like just before we had Amelia so we
weren't parents and 2012 so in the
titles and thumbnails in 2012 were like
shameful shameful ads then I just kind
of felt a bit more responsible laughing
kids so they should research shameful
you know but I just think that's kind of
the same or I just try and keep them
like what the reason I started doing
these videos was till I kind of like
document in my life like to document my
existence and I think if I start like
you know doing like crazy pranks are
trying to like make the channel like
more exciting with like sound effects or
music or like stealing stuff like that
where it just doesn't feel like it stops
being an authentic experience it stops
being like this document style it
becomes kind of like fiction or scripted
content and I don't want that I don't
want that for Ciccone Jolie's you know
and if that means that you know less
people are watching I'm like yeah it's
okay I want it to be real
you know I want it to be real that's not
what I'm talking about I think it'd be
really cool to have the episode and in
that episode it starts with like eight
years ago and then I get like I'll bring
into eight vlogs everyday know every
I'll just I'll do something wait a
second that seems like a lot of work
mister
eight years of footage like mental
mental I think you meant
anyway let me know leave me a comment if
you think that because you'd watch that
and I'll see you later alligator
