sighs we are going to jump on the bed
and make a big alpha did jump is the
highest fastest jumper honest it's kind
of deep kick yeah is that the jump on
daddy's head jump
good morning Fred from the hottest day
this year pretty much it's odd to say
this year right what are you doing in
your hood she's a hot blonde lads you
headland hmm come on let's go to school
schools in for the first kind of family
warm day fantastic which I've lost your
mind actually lost her mind dad's here
child mind who are you going it's not
warm remit we should start cycling to
school again don't we used to cyclist
cool huh huh
just finished my Monday morning workout
whoo I'm pooped I think cuz I had the
heater on in the beginning as well like
because it's so freezing in here
when you first come in without made me
sweat like so much more and I turned off
after like the first couple of minutes
because it was like too extreme but I'm
so sweaty right now also have this
massive my spots that got worse because
last night I picked made the mistake of
picking at it and then it bled and now
it's like even worse so just don't why
not but anyway I'm gonna go inside now
and get ready for the day but I'm so
happy I got that done I always love
getting back into it on Mondays it's so
like motivating mmm Sookie
there's a new mirror wha that's the new
where you can't really see anything so I
don't even know I'm bugging out but
anyway oh my god is this on wait I'm so
confused
no it's off right that means off doesn't
it yes the trials and tribulations of me
and technology I love also hair dance
and unwrapped it and just left it there
good job Jonathan good job charity bike
you need to go and look all these water
bottles that are loaded here there
Johnathan's the mirror that was smashed
there that's Jonathan's fault he is just
a man that's what he is a man a typical
man right let's go and get her make a
fun cover up this nasty spot all right
come on it's good it's good it's good
hey wait a second
it's the funny thing about videos and
editing you know it's actually four
hours later since I dropped the media to
school but they look like us so that
happens sometimes not editing you know
we'll do it like it something will
happen in it I'll cut to the next scene
and it might be like four or five or six
hours later when I'm back in the same
place and it looks the exact same I'm
like that looks like it was two seconds
later what actually was hours later I've
been to multiple locations anyway gotta
get home do a workout kind of stuff that
stuff's to do he needs to do people to
do no wait what he's getting ready to
film my January favorites video and I've
got all my favorites here they are so
random like the cookie jar this bottle
these aren't all favorites this is just
like a basket of products a leather
jacket a bloody vinegar shampoos these
are more normal but like I just I like
to show a variety of things
I like watching people's favorites and
they don't just do Beauty when it's like
a lot of different things though that's
why I completed or competed that's why I
included them it's just a little bit
random with the cookie jar I was like
heading up the stairs big jar of cookies
like my guys I'm not a day did you have
fun swimming yeah
yeah did you did you kick your legs did
you splash your face did you make
splashes yeah
No what do you say to the doggies in
their bark what do you say what does the
duck say quite crack what does the cow
say what does the cat say hey what does
the dog say that's tough
what does damn plenty rabbit eh what
does the Sheep say so sniffing off
connect Amelia and is right over there
is it you want to come with me but is
plants in the tone look forget the
automatron
whew let's have a look up there dry up
they are dry they are dry huh it's cool
isn't there look the lightener okay
that's so handy you know tombow dress is
so dark
that's a dick anyway what there okay
that's right you want to come get him in
there with me Wow yeah okay thank you
boys club boys club what you gonna do
what you gonna do when they come for you
boys club boys club what we gotta make
sure colour colour is going on here a
variety of different colors huh wardo
loves when I bring him like immediately
this trial is ready to go to school
nursery please feel whatever the hell it
is well we're not I'm not right let him
go
nope he's not going but he is ready for
it because he's like we didn't know
anything about where he nursery and
stuff so she was new to try it out but
he is like your second child grows up
like 10 times faster and then your first
child it's crazy it's crazy mister you
ready you ready
okay bluh-bluh-bluh-bluh-bluh
oh yeah you know we haven't done in a
while this is worse oh wow I didn't mean
I didn't mean the whole thing there we
go
huh I've never open that cuz you got
this car like in the wintertime to
Winterfell but look at it it's not cool
yeah now we can see you better back
there you're not so in the dark a couple
of months ago um a lot of months ago I
kind of sent it to you in the vlogs but
I don't know why like I didn't really go
into detail but I formed a startup
company a technology startup company and
we're kind of like we're in the sort of
incubation stage
it hasn't really been covered in the
vlogs at all but what's reality
incubation and the things rolling then
I'll start talking about it but we're
about to form a second startup company
which is very varied if documented the
sort of like conception births and
growth of my relationship barani the
conception birth and growth of a media
conception person plot universe wardo
and right now we're do we're starting a
conception and hopefully the birth and
the growth of this startup company and
that were involved in and I'll give you
more details but obviously as it
progresses we're going now you can hear
I'm rustling as the progresses but it's
just at the start it's a lot of off
camera a lot of sort of like legal stuff
and meetings and registering it and
blada blada blada stuff and you know
Nemean funding and capital investment
all this kind of like stuff that's going
on right now but as soon as them we're
out of that stage I'll be excited to
tell you guys more about it we're
currently looking for office space and
staff that's the next phase and that's
when I think um will start showing you
guys the office and the staff and what
we're actually doing it's exciting it's
exciting it's exciting but there's a lot
to do and I also have to cry to my kids
from school
let's go get Amelia let's go get our
Miriah who we get yeah oh no this is
what it might be like of it water goes
to school
don't do it weirdo he no no no no no no
you want to push the button
you sure okay
push it all right drop what you can't
Bowl push the button now hold on hold on
hold where those hands hold it orders
hand please okay okay you got it now we
have it figure - did you have fun - hey
hold it or dissent in media you have to
hold it or those hand thank you don't do
it yeah I know your type I know your
type let's go let's go let's go let's go
guys and we pop in we pop mr. jockey sir
mr. donkeys daughters doggies hula hula
ho hula hula
Bogey's no keys look at this crowd
what are you doing child well he's only
Emilia not Eduardo children what you
don't get involved in the bear don't
peer pressure oh geez now what's this
turned into down in the belly of the
deep blue sea now get inside before I
give you a smack in the bum you're not
stepping up here if you come inside now
I'll tell you a secret I'll tell you a
secret he wants to know a secret
he wants to know a secret I'll tell you
a secret insight and I'll tell you a
secret join us join a secret surprise
who wants a secret surprise make the
right choice take a left
thank you thank you Oh
all that's left is the carrot this looks
tasty doesn't it taking my chicken
noodles because my chicken noodles are
my thing now we'll be back
Oh what could you get something like
this Graham I'm just finding noodles but
I try to make it try to make it
different is it I don't you make me
something different
kids are weekend watching the old Venice
August Holly oh we lost the trials so
you've been doing the thing all right
right everything that we feed the kids
like an hour
we feed the kids like in our area and
then we have a romantic meal together an
hour have a narrative a ring to me
anyway let's have some rows Mantic time
we are going to jump on the bed and make
a big Elsa did jump the highest jump on
us guys kind of deep kick is that the
jump on Daddy's head jump yes we go with
the pillow yeah yeah what jump
what dig it you can't do the biggest
biggest biggest jump what you gonna jump
over both of them do it whoa Thank You
Marci you can do some more Tiffany to go
to you big jumps by going Avenger would
you like to come on earth it's not
midnight but it's an adventure it's not
midnight but it's an affair doo doo doo
oh mylanta wrong with havin all sorts of
adventures together aren't we
we're like a bunch of adventurers ah
Giuliano right how do you start this
vehicle motor propelled the Haeckel
and this is where our adventure has
brought his friends hold on okay but
you're actually road saw me doing home
again felt like what was that ten
seconds at the most
turned out it was a bit much we check
the moon it yeah okay do you can you see
them on okay moon is so bright it feels
like tonight wait a second
it's the night it's alright the moon
surprisingly bright hello from the
bedroom time she's drinking not so busy
whining very two seconds ago he's
pretending to be asleep only pretend is
deep and I take seven hours like she
takes she's the longest person ever to
take it ready for bed she goes and
stares and her slopping pillows she like
goes up to other rooms
she has showers and then a little little
boxes of creams that I have to get
multiple multiple things always end up
together through boxes of creams and now
of course it's almost tomorrow it's the
middle of the night I'm not getting off
right when she also does this every
night on the road whatever this is thing
yeah yeah well right about this that's
all she wrote lads this is at the end of
Tuesday one one day one day one day is
ballet tomorrow boom alright say bye
friends
goodbye from the others
wow I've like spent the morning watching
all saucony dirty videos it's amazing to
be able to look back because when I was
telling you guys about the startup thing
I was kind of thinking like my goodness
you're more like five or six years ago I
don't know if you guys have seen it cuz
it's only got about 12,000 view
I was sitting in a room and I see a nose
like we downsized to this like tiny
little one bed cottage thing in like
rural Middleton Cork and because I just
like I think we could build something
you know and yeah what a journey and I
hope this is gonna be another journey or
we're starting now and it's very
interesting and exciting and yeah cool
documenting Germany's is like my forte
lads let's have more babies that's build
a house that's create a startup this is
gonna be a 2016 roller coaster roller
coaster well it goes there oh that's
what you've got to look forward to and
probably books and movies and TV shows
not like under stuff okay see you later
don't forget to like and comment and
subscribe and favorites bye
