good morning Amelia gonna do it again
uh okay sorry okay let's do it again
Amelia how're you doing good morning
friends and welcome to the basement the
basement of the basement
hello me knock on the door this is a
real door yeah okay oh yeah friends
would you be interested in a challenge
would you would you be interested in a
challenge yeah I don't tell you my um
that wasn't a challenge but let's watch
a bit of ballet and then we'll get back
to the challenge it is January and
everybody knows that January is probably
financially the worst month of the year
christmas is just over we've all spent
all of our money on food and drinking
parties and friends and family and
present over the last year myself and I
how
being planning and preparing and saving
and finding out a way that we can get
ourselves in the financial situation and
we can actually buy a house in 2016
which the children are probably going to
destroy oh boy
before we started on this journey of
saving for our house I was terrible okay
always terrible I used to live to my
means you know and that was kinda like
talking about that a few years ago in
the blog someone gives you a hundred
euros a month to live on you're like oh
my god like any like I've only had 200
okay your parents surviving on 100 so
then they give you 200 and you're like
oh my god yeah I mean you're like barely
surviving on 200 and then they give you
500 and you're barely surviving on 500
give you a test and you're barely
surviving on ahead like it just seems
the more money you get the last money
you actually have so next year
Sophie's gonna learn how to manage time
and not be such a procrastinator between
that point at this point I've learned a
lot and I was always talking about it's
an idea today when we were like you know
we're finalizing we're moving forward to
get the house and I was like I should
share some of the things that I've
learned along the way in terms of being
financially smart so here are scoony
Jolie's top three tips for saving money
let's do it cut down on takeaways let's
be honest we all have takeout food but
for the same price of that you could get
all of this and although you might think
that's not as much fun as a pizza you
don't have to give up pizza forever cook
your own food at home it's incredible
how much money you can save in one month
and also buying your food online might
seem like it's more expensive but as a
matter of fact you only buy what you
need and you don't end up buying things
that you don't need walk places don't
drive everywhere not only is this good
because it saves you money on petrol or
diesel or fuel costs it's also good for
your body which in turn is good for you
financially save money
on electricity turn your heating off
what it's not needed instead of turning
on the heating or turning up the heating
put on a jumper I'm cold and you turn on
the heating but you're actually sitting
there in a t-shirt and you're cold put
on a jumper it's a simple things that
make a difference
what are your money saving tips do you
have any ideas that can help us save
some money what ideas are they one two
three four you got four ideas Thanks
obviously these are all subjective Oh to
your life and everyone's gonna be
different but I'm just kind of give you
guys a few kind of open-ended stuff and
you can take it a lot further we all
have so many subscriptions to like
television or internet or mattress
things that you may not actually be
using cancel them cancel that Jim you've
been joined to for the last two years
but you never go you know
Council look father you don't go too you
can always jump supplier for your gas
your electricity your heating whatever
it is what are you doing you know and
you can probably make a saving down like
there's so many ways you can do it and I
just taught let's all think about it you
know during January when it's the
hardest month let's think about how
we're saving you know so here's the plan
if you want to get involved
use the hashtag survive January there's
a link down below which will give you
some guidance and help if you need it
and we'll meet back here in a couple of
weeks time and we'll see how we've got
along how much money we saved you know
did it have an impact of my life and
you'll be surprised if it did if you
stick to it you will see a difference
okay good luck friends can magic on your
triskin Elsa sure check out it if I put
it on you owe me did you see when I
put this dress on you will just clean up
oh wow that's so cool clean out and sing
with us mold on you I know I just took
another oh what a shinobi my friends but
I said why not take my friend away
can you be my friends yeah so and pick
up get your Zhanna oh thank you still a
bit wonderful
hey I'm going to put on now put on a
shelf you can eat it
hey my neck hey I don't feel no separate
he can with my breast
I'm Singh where I gonna get it
ravioli Saucony jolie ravioli ravioli is
the corny Joel irani only making some
ravioli for my little Ciccone Jolie
little fellas here he's he's watching
his go away scary monster show she's in
here playing with her Barbie dolls whoo
she's walking around here like a dancer
Beverly Hills vacation esteem tortellini
ravioli oh yeah oh it isn't a nice you
know I prefer these ones oops way spooky
monster Gallo why yum yum yum
you got tasty guys the piranhas havin a
dish what's that tuna salad leftover
tuna salad I am having some garden I
went outside and I just picked some
grass from the garden that's pretty much
what it would seem like in tomatoes and
olive oil
when dried and stuff like that and then
I might go a bit of mozzarella cheese in
here there she is like always it's kind
of like a caprese ish olive oil balsamic
some salt rocket soaked in olive oil
sun-dried kind of tomatoes and some
buffalo mozzarella
what yum yum
who stuck the candle on the candle man
word oh it's thick big tangle don't what
I don't know anyway it's bedtime you say
night-night weirdo hey camera back we
had a focus tonight a focus situation
focus there is that wired oh no he's
over here yeah it's funny
well pop into your room
were you playing did you show these out
of your room the Train I would like to
know the answer
how many olaf's do we have in this house
like seriously we have every different
sized Olaf and then Mickey
Olaf is taking the Mickey that's can't
find a magazine anywhere but I did find
an online version of it so I managed to
screenshot it and stick it over on my
facebook if you guys want to read the
actual article thing or you can wait and
will eventually be delivered to your
home you live in Surrey we don't live in
Surrey it's a it's here that's it let's
see one of the people's saying posted
minerality you all look perfect I love
your vlog so much thanks Phoebe Waterman
that was very nice of you I'll cap I
love you Colleen says it's funny I see
nice things in your home on YouTube but
I recognize so much room from Ikea
that's okay IKEA is cool let's go let's
go that's it Doreen I think we should
order it I think it's free Megan let me
use dinner um you're so beautiful cover
oh thanks mate
a great article sounds like you gained
another subscriber well thank you
Michelle
Thank You cardi what's right so pray to
you guys
no thank you Mattie says so awesome
Katie's like how can we get those
properties if you're in Surrey it shall
arrive at your house that's pretty cool
always you dude I'm a nice nice and
breezy cover girl
I mean who's the Busey there she is
let's check her out if you uh if you
want to give her a show Oh Mike did you
see that how did I do that okay somebody
else saw it a headlight huh what is that
what is that what is this did you know
what is this I thought for a second
because I was doing this thing a second
they go that's crazy
Oh
what is mental
you know what I mean you slow down
that's mad just cooking up some
spaghetti bolognaise kind of wolf
Gideon meatballs here is my pot of
conscience tile which doesn't have any
pasta in it yet it's just part of water
and salt and then I've got this we made
yesterday
this is meatballs in like a tomato sauce
with onions and stuff like that in it
and then we're just gonna I'm just gonna
mix it all I'm going to make like a lot
of it and then mix it all together and
keep it in the fridge probably in like a
container so that we have it as an
option for next week or this week and
sounds like a good plan
sounds like a money-saving plan actually
but yeah keep meself in airtight
containers is really good because you
don't waste as much food so yes also
need Jonathan to bring out the bins
honey they're looking a bit full over
there we're using this spaghetti this is
a whole wheat spaghetti and I think I
have used this one before
I like this yeah I like this one this
brand okay I think we're about ready to
put it in and like I said I'm gonna make
a ton of this I am I gonna put the whole
pack in do I have done their recycling I
have done Netzer get me my wife's gonna
be happy with me
even let me hold her hand that way she
will understand
and then I brought the recycling in and
we had a wonderful night and we but
babies did the bath and then we put them
to bed and we rented story so it was
amazing watching television I played
some games my friends I think we went to
sleep then I did plan on actually making
one of those nighttime chats with
Zaccone Jory's but by the time I got to
bed and it was fast asleep so I was like
well I didn't work out so well well I
fell them in the dark and she's asleep
anyway thanks for watching the video
hope you enjoyed it um good looking a
little money-saving tips today you know
how long it took me to find our old clip
my goodness do we we've got to find a
better way to search you for all frogs I
just remembered that I talked about that
like three years ago
anyway check out that x-ray isn't that
hilarious - okay I'm let's go I must go
my friends thank you for watching
likes and comments subscriptions and
favorites and all those nice things
handshakes and high-fives and I'll see
you tomorrow right
