what happened and feel the need to go
feel he can hug goodness that's a light
yeah it's okay you still look beautiful
yeah what Kingdom um I might be
Pocahontas Pocahontas
blender movie ending so meat is - mommy
why does the daddy yeah you guys busy
cow jumped over the moon
hello friends mom and dad are here
media came down in AB AB seven has to be
except to be expected you know to mean
like his gracious fantastic news and
then water puddle down about an hour
later
oh they jumped into the bed to meet his
News team now you can see I cried jumps
into the bed and what do you say to
Daddy
I want the iPad I love you guys I miss
you last night
yeah the water was vlogging yesterday
huh what a little bit of an old lager
now huh cow jumped over there anybody
think having breakfast today might be a
good idea just saying just saying that
Jim earlier today when I was talking
about possibly been ripped for my
birthday you know and I'm I feel like
I'm kind of cheated a little bit and
saying it you know cuz I didn't follow
but I've been actually actively working
towards it um you know for like two or
three months late I mean so um like I
don't think I'm like but I'm actually
didn't I mean I'm actually getting
similar like I have actual some sort of
definition already which is pretty cool
you know so yeah I said it and I was
like I didn't really clarify that I'm
actually like I've been working really
hard not eating any sugar and like
trying to reduce any crap food that I'm
eating you know that's the hardest part
I think the I'd warheads were like I
enjoyed them in any way and I we do add
a lot of hit work heads you
which is kind of px90 stuff like it's
really high-intensity the last one it's
been like affecting the diets of it out
which is been probably I find it's
definitely been the hardest because I
like my food I'm a grazer that's that's
my problem my grave but I feel like I'm
getting somewhere
no sweat just just in case that a blue
like that's that's how did you do that
overnight
I didn't it's a long process right lads
shall we get some breakfast oh poor old
snowman
look at him there look at him there now
it's not what you have to look at that's
going sir
stick the carrot there we go you put a
little I hear he's still going still
chuckling along myself delivery this
morning but the guy left the gate open
we gotta close in case of doggy smart
and also want to see if that Surrey
gowns magazine was delivered this
morning I don't think so cuz the posters
usually come that early I don't want to
be a cover girl I want to see what I
look like as a cover girl she can t see
online that well let's go check ah
disgusted no no sign of it ah also
cleaning out the basement yesterday this
is all for charity so charity stuff it's
like a lot of Emilien Eduardo's baby
stuff their toys clothes and everything
but we got the basement cleared out but
now it's all in here
well yeah so got a donate that today as
well and build my tower of power let's
get some helpers Oh more of it
Tower of Power it's gonna take me an
hour yeah
okay these two girl monkeys
yeah
what that means to our delicious high yo
our dough huh whoa guys kids are great
recommend us whatever you do don't eat
this for the one time
oh hey ya know do you hit daddy no
she's escaping he's a birdie cam what
happened yeah tell us what happened and
I came in Philippine yeah the birdie
came into the feeder we have a bird
feeder up over here and burned he came
and he ate some of it didn't he
but a media is wait what are you worried
about Oh what's your - did you step
inside you just at that time did you
step exactly where to me did you step
outside
did you now tell me what are you afraid
of
a squirrel coming eating the birdies
food Oh scary dinosaur okay you look you
look cheap you can find a squirrel for
us just raise those girls okay see the
little feeder this is so metal thing
daddy my Melia Mario turn Wireless turn
and then we get a big high five yeah
boom oh she's obsessed with this girl
okay
ready for another five what you heard a
noise if the squirrel what does this
corny thing does this squirrel say can
you sit up he says yup trip trip oh
sorry come on no more squirrel game Oh
paw patrol again like a tree
why don't I mean the other thing comfor
I got me
or foul semion wire to our plane with
trains rain train game
what yeah that's a house a house yeah we
gotta make the houses up you see okay
head yeah how's he here let go come on
oh yeah mommy yeah so yesterday I
actually got invited to go to again
Geneva next week to go skiing for a
couple of days utilizers on for them it
would have been three days oh wow yeah
when I had the kids and stuff and I'd
already been here with the kids it's
kind of a boy's trip you'll see other
youtubers going a couple of lights are
gone and next week but em I was saying
there Francesca you know I was like I
know it's like oh if it like it was
something where all of us were going I'd
be like totally up for it but I was like
I just I just I like doing stuff with
the family and it's not that interested
you know and I was thinking like what am
I thinking like helicopters were going
to collect this to the airport and
Flyers to the hotel and seven is gonna
be like madness like and then Shemin
acts like for a couple of days like it'd
be so much fun but I already want to go
skiing and stuff but I really want to go
skiing with the fam the guy huh looking
for his little nut job huh so yeah what
are your fingers yeah yeah your fingers
are in the book you'll read this book oh
okay lie down
okay so immediately want you to put all
her clip on princesses on the floor and
film a video
hmm alright look I'm a matching aren't
we
I'm a right so you get hit like a basket
why no savings we have to be a little
bit
okay I I'm laying out look like a
Christian because she was she said no oh
you have no hands now what happened and
feel the need to go feel it captain huh
goodness that's a light yeah it's okay
you still look beautiful
yeah wait Kingdom um I might be
Pocahontas web address ding-dong yeah
and I'm finished cleaning the dishes now
okay select I think it dogon des Beaux
god is a sign just be everyone hi polka
hi Kingdom I was realized hey I just
died hi mom hi
so this is why you really want to come
into my room isn't it yes it is like oh
let's go up to your room and play with
it with the Barbies nope you just wanted
to get my makeup thank you alright we
make some we bake chocolate muffins oh
maybe you don't want to bake chocolate
muffins or you do want to bake chocolate
okay I guess I'll do it by myself there
and I'll lick the ball by myself too
well I need a coffee otherwise I'm gonna
fall asleep yes
all right you guys want to see the thing
and built gotta build ages ago
Danny had to go and do stuff there she
is now lads oh you know what else
happened right so spent ages building
the thing it was really complicated okay
and I got it up and I was like oh yeah
it works really well I was like I don't
really need this extra part I was like
wait a hangs up here does anybody see
what happened I'll put that one that one
now when I would look it's like look how
many we've got here look how buddy look
at this so you got one two three four
five six seven eight bolts I'm gonna
take eight them back off and look at
these ridiculous little tools they give
you it takes so long well I don't even
know if I'm gonna take them off because
I really wanted to do it this guy here
is bad boy here oh yeah it's another
little device when I got off it I
realized that built it and then let's go
pros I know this is the new preferred
transport the transport links they take
a footage hold on really you're slippin
okay boy a bit of a bump here oh no all
right get on get my gun
get my god clean back on hang on for
sickling on okay myself in the media all
right
in nature are we very good bigger cat
huh
so Amelia's come along she wanted to go
for a ride in the and develop the
shopping trolley no Patty's come for a
different reason
trying to find that certain magazine
thing they were on the cover up but I
didn't come to the house so I looked it
up and it said that they are available
Morrison's so we've come to see if you
can find one huh
oh you want a trolley yeah but it no no
it's one big seat yeah
it's one big seat okay let's try that
will we all right this is what I'm
really okay for go for a little Joyride
this should be enough by one magazine
what's wrong you love fall off she get
it back on all right we pit stop huh do
you get it
all right it's gone let's go now
whatever you do don't drive a wood I
mean where you going are you going don't
drive off me hey come on come on
okay well I can't seem to find it
anywhere if it is here so I have no idea
how all those people tweeted me astray
and I had it because it was supposed to
be a february edition that's why I was
like when I didn't say anything about
exciting things coming out so like next
month I don't have people tweeted me a
better look at this one hmm now is there
anybody no guesses yeah I'm sending for
Eduardo okay Wow
what about this one I think this could
do you I'll look make you can book
joining a camel hmm what does Amelia
like water does like Barbie brilliant
brillo pads hello McFly McFly little
clicking a dinosaur so I failed in my
quest to get I have no idea where
everyone out where did you get it where
did everyone get that magazine from we
like in the future your future people
okay it certainly got very dark in here
No
hello from the other side I haven't
heard a thousand times that's not a
camel toe furry sorry about that folks
move along nothing to see here no
singing songs no no sing it is thumbs
there'll be no thumbs to be song onions
late that was her song Oh Fatima Cara
haha friends if you were to spend a day
in my mind you'd be scared or entertain
anyway goodbye from hope enjoyed video
likes and comments and favorites and
subscriptions and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
and hopefully I find that magazine
