you will never guess where I'm going I
didn't know this remember I was saying
earlier I didn't know like what the time
or anything we're going to ask I just
yeah I'm gonna be her husband we can be
like lovers this is my baby
good morning class good morning friends
it's a Friday morning and it's raining
is it raining where you going oh you
didn't advance in the rain okay do your
rain dance that is pretty cool I like I
like the feet movement if it was
exceptionally good to anyone ready to
dance what was it again do you talk with
me I don't know if I have the skills to
do such an amazing look at snowman he's
still there he's falling over banana
it's raining it's that what is mommy
what happens what did you step in a
puddle
alright what song are we gonna have this
morning wait for it wait for it on a
Friday
like that just did my morning workout
last one of the weeks I'm kind of happy
about that because that means I have a
nice long break for the weekend but what
happens with that is that like I find
that five times a week working out works
best for me because my workouts are like
short they're only like 20 to 30 minutes
max like this one is about 20 minutes
and then when I do it like Monday to
Friday I feel like I look forward to the
weekends for the break but then I also
those two days like I'm kind of
desperate to get back into it on Monday
morning if that makes sense
so I really like just the system that I
have it kind of makes me feel more like
in a schedule or something cuz my life
is not very like it is kind of with kids
like you do have like a schedule and
stuff but as far as our jobs go it's not
like that at all like I don't have like
a normal like nine-to-five jobs because
I'm all about like routines and stuff
like I have been since I've been like at
school I just really really thrive with
like routines and stuff and then this
job is like the worst job for that
because it's so not a routine job at all
so that's something that I really
struggle with like in general yeah you
missed me No thank you miss you too
mister I like your shoes show me your
shoes do an outfit of the day from your
shoes oh nice and your jeans
oh and your jumper your head shoulders
knees and toes knees and toes head
shoulders knees and toes the OTD turned
into that huh oh you got a cold don't be
snippy again don't be a sniffer Soviets
never it's never Wireless going off
painting or is gonna be the next big
painter where were the big painters
these days
our maybes just gonna paint houses
alright mommy and daddy are going into
town you're in charge okay you're gonna
collect the media from school okay and
they just be careful when driving okay
use the sensors and reversing camera
okay yeah driving you can bring a rabbit
too if you want yeah okay good boy see
you later yeah you go get a meteor from
school thank you bye that's the normal
time when driving another go go go
look they're all clear apart from the
big truck and it's driving us to London
train station we're driving in my car if
Carla's car still smells like a new car
all right we're both heading into London
I'm heading to Canary Wharf Anna is
heading to Knightsbridge and then we're
meeting up later on together again like
a team that we are you know pretty
pretty today bye
that stuff we made the Train we did
while ads so I was actually gonna take
up train to London Victoria right and
then it was like 20 minutes we had to
wait for the Train and then it was going
to be a forty minutes to get over there
Canary Wharf so we made a decision to go
to London Bridge instead which is a 20
minute air to your train and I turned
that it's a 20 minute quicker journey
I just saved an hour in my life an extra
hour I actually have an extra hour in my
learning class hour he'll be correcting
the trains imagine you got like but we
could equally can he be doing those long
haul ones but not these quick knits into
the city bridge and it has not fallen
down even though we've been thinking
about it for years huh
alright this is where we're gonna split
the apiece let's go to night bridge
when it is why don't we get tickets when
did we get cash you can make a terrible
wrong decision
all right get your cashola we'll get
some tabs and we'll go split these anna
has her video with her so good I don't
get to see well I don't get stuff here
my video
yeah you brought your video lot this is
on his pin number so that's her card
just heading in to see Sabrina but look
at my view right now how cool is that I
feel like only London looks nice in the
rain still looks pretty
that's not saying that slop site
I don't know it's by not cool to
Londoners but it is to me so I'm having
indices Sabrina now
I'm just going back to their slot
Jonathan is off with Adam
therefore a date late but I don't know
what
- I don't think we really have anything
like officially signed about
I noticed I'm starving
soon before as our melting down and
she's pregnant so pregnant friends who
like the best kind of friend
cuz they understand like the importance
of unity I'm here it's degree
pregnant I guess where I'm going guys
people have never guess where I'm going
I didn't know this remember I was saying
earlier I didn't know like what the time
was or anything we're going to be like
this is my baby she doesn't even look
pregnant
she looks tiny anyway so yeah where
that's where we're headed and it's not
the nice state but it's fine it's good
exercise
sighs look at this hey I don't know if
you can see this is toilet paper black
and gold engraved
you can get it engraved there's a pink
one up there
I'm at this meeting we check out this
view of the city we just didn't big
brunch trying to be can you see the
orbit the Red Bull web building oh yeah
did you get a good view here from the
Olympics yeah and you've got the end or
two around here usually quite loose
damage yeah appreciate it I'm like a
different level and it's not you got the
same thing because we kind of skipped
lunch
these the avocado toast they look really
good
and adamant on generous to chatting away
we knew they'd be ages
so I got this salad and Adam hold on and
this and a man who is this Sabrina where
have you brought us well I got that what
I order a steak burger in there what's
his face called very nice is it make
your own soup they're just boiling the
kettle entire summer last time we hung
out with these two and we saw the
picture in the window there we go
following us around yeah it's following
us everywhere Aventadors everywhere
Anna's actually got anyone from Berkeley
aren't you did you have to plan yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah we ready here first
go get a train now we're back at the
board
Jared last time actually the last time
we were sitting here at the board what's
the time we missed the train number was
all closed yeah we missed the last train
this time we were prepared it is what
time is it
it is 1022 10 was definitely not the
last train there's one in 20 minutes
20 minutes yeah
in 20 minutes it's alright we didn't
miss the last one I didn't take the
events at our home I think a hurricane
is one where I don't see one
oh wait wait wait wait 21:47 platform 15
oh my god this were just home but look
at that there's nothing like something
out of like a horror movie or something
cuz I have a quote it was a horror movie
it's so cool sniffing smell them
wait how is she's actually uh revealing
the first hi just because I knew I
didn't really blog that much today cuz
I'm I was such a busy day and such a
long day I am really exciting we're
working on something it's not kind of
like a YouTube thing but it's a really
exciting project that we've been trying
to get off the ground for a while now
and it's getting closer all the time and
it's a very complicated long process but
um we're very close to doing something
pretty cool oh I am sure if you continue
watching my life you're watching unfold
lads
speaking of life unfolding actually let
me see didn't pull this up
totes forgot about this but we're on the
cover of a magazine I'm a cover girl
let's take a look hopefully tomorrow
we'll actually get a copy of a magazine
yo camera fix yourself there we go how
cool is that huh let's say Kony Jolie's
no I can't even read it because I don't
actually have
a copy of the magazine well yeah I
checked our post it didn't actually come
but that's cool look we're in the cover
of a magazine that is so sick right I
was like so chuffed at that one
hopefully we have a copy that or if you
live in Surrey I think it's like it's
like a free magazine that's distributed
in Surrey everybody in Surrey how cool
is that though I've never been on the
cover of something before that's bigger
than me
sure you wore it covers of magazines
excited thank you
2016 is a clean year so far that's I'm
enjoying it I'm enjoying it
hello friends from the sleepy time its
new covers like always like well they're
not new new work hi for watching
Hannah's 7 hour-long video she put up
yesterday you guys haven't seen it it's
really good it's a treat
how long is actually 20 something 25 I
didn't even know you could put 25 minute
videos on YouTube today see you may be
the first person ever to upload a 25
minute video actually do you remember of
course you remember there was a period
and if you actually have been watching
the old logs
wasn't like three years ago we weren't
sure like about six months or something
I remember used to put the videos they
were like a half an hour video every
single day your morass that was crazy
was like almost unedited I tried this
thing I tried lots of different things
it was like unedited vlogs it was like a
half an hour every day
it was crazy we just film each other
asleep we see film each other no better
words but it was funny anyway I said
folks good night friends see you
tomorrow
enjoy this ends late I bet it's going to
be amazing and I'm probably going to say
something wonderful as well Jonathan
you're putting a bit of pressure on me
they're saying that I'm gonna say
something marvelous and amazed and now
do you know what I mean like I can't
think that's what Marvis animes and just
to say it was a whim look at right there
now what's our eta
it was at 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016
oh my goodness can you imagine we take
that picture this year like kids gonna
be so grown up we'd have 7 more we'll
have 100 more dogs who knows who knows
anyway thanks for watching hope you
enjoyed the video presentation situation
and I will see you tomorrow and hit that
like button give us an old shorty award
vote thing links in the description
subscribe and comment and give yourself
a pat in the back bye
