good morning friends Amelia and Eduardo
are tidying up is it tidy up time guys
very good
now don't forget why does hat is here so
the feeling you're gonna forget that you
guys going to start the play look at you
opening gates thinking you're allowed
everywhere in the house no no no no
that's not what you do mister their
jumpers are in the wash had this plan
I'm afraid to share it with you in case
I actually have to contribute so I had
this idea in November and we're coming
very close to the conclusion of my idea
back in November I was like I'm gonna be
36 on the turkey the February is it
possible it's just so resistant to bugs
actually I was like is it possible to be
in the greatest shape of your life boom
I want to do it I want to do because I
haven't been in like super good shape
since I was like probably in my late
twenties did you imagine on my 36th
birthday if I put up an Instagram
picture of me rich I had pizza out with
no cheese here today I ordered a pizza
and I had no shoes who does that on shop
it's Mischa I'm going to upload a
picture in three weeks hopefully of me
all true ripped ripped to pieces so now
that I've said it I kind of have to
commit to it what do you think I think I
can do it I just filmed a makeup
tutorial this is my little setup look at
my liquid camera he's like hello is it
Klingon why is this dog doing upstairs
this is my friend he helps me added he
makes the joke I hope you should we cut
that clip okay I'm a little bit late
well I'm not actually late but there's
parking issues so I usually like to
leave like half an hour before I need to
be anywhere 15 minutes away from my
appointment itself also should not have
worn like gray jeans because they are
getting dirty for everything like the
dogs feel just like scratched up my leg
after being at a site and marked it and
I'm like all these pale colors in
wintertime this is why you're not
supposed to wear white or like even
light grey in wintertime so let's see
how long it takes me to get out the
driveway
there's the US Navy and then there's the
VIP Navy thank you maybe it's the most
hello are delicious did you have fun the
two-term rough in there it's all playing
there played softly together they do a
double activity on Thursday it's where
they both get to play together you know
okay there's no curls in this man I mean
I come here right now maybe I'll come
here right now
fine just mean it Ryder then come on
Eduardo my best friend my favorite child
oh why didn't you come and hug me you
know not me anymore
what what is this
Eduardo that's not a sad pitch
got any like I just got my nails done I
went for the same color I had two times
ago which is winter glow they're really
pale pink and now I'm gonna head home
I scratch
I scratched my
real tiny bit coming in to the car park
he's gonna get a lovely tan in summer
just like Olaf what are you doing
why are you right what's going on here
no no what are you two up to
what's the plan here lives oh you're
gonna hide behind the curtain it had a
really good hiding place isn't it
okay you go hide there and see if anyone
can find you okay I'll see if I can find
you okay
I don't know if it's actually gonna be
possible to find you but good luck one
small flaw in their plan I can't find
you in the garden I found you oh sorry I
didn't realize to his rules
right there Johnson's gonna murder me
look at that pardon she's sitting on the
beach anyway so I feel like an idiot and
I gotta waste like as in that's actually
not like right after the amount of time
that I had to walk in the carpark
because this whole place was full when I
was getting so scared like so nervous I
don't I can't even explain it but like
it just gives me so much anxiety do you
like parking come on let's go let's go
it's like inside and out inside and out
backwards and forwards with my heart
hanging out
I love no other way
go go go what are we gonna do oh look my
hair I know you can see hairs are
starting to grow she's awesome
we're past the shedding section wow so
how are you good excuse me I heard a
rumor that you know the full alphabet
all the letters and you can now write
letters mm-hmm we should show you guys
so Mimi I like nose I give you flashcard
any letter or number is it oh now she
can write the letters ha almost has a
name we're trying to teach her the legs
and write her name
it's not really cool maybe you could
sign things yeah yeah it gets me okay
it's a race to our nose Rheum no cats
please okay
let me go over here okay first oh you're
gonna jump oh how are you gonna jump one
two three four five five steps do it oh
my goodness wait what six six steps six
steps do you want to sign some sort of
lead some sort of insurance waiver first
okay ready okay let's get worried that
we're not going we're not going any
higher here - okay I couldn't even reach
you
jordu now as a kid we used to dye skin
as I never realized yeah no not a chance
mate up you go
I never even thought about I never even
talked to my parents feelings into
consideration delicious delicious
delicious we do any good I think it's
almost time to take these off again good
tada Godzilla has come anyway I think
it's time
give it wired over at her trial in the
situation because I really want to put
it in a super cool fun bag well I can't
be intelligent Estus hello from the
horsey side oh you fed it phone careful
of the phone though okay we don't want
to drop the phone on the floor
that wouldn't be a fun game you guys
okay you guys okay you fell
what's that
kappa what are you even doing up there -
monkeys guys okay daddy has feelings
emotions and sensitivities and nervous
all right we're having pasta for dinner
what you are with the pasta some salads
just salad and pasta with this wider
ones I don't want some pasta monkeys all
right salad and pasta head is then did
you drop your fork minion fork no it's
wet I'll have to get a new one you
probably want this one well funny make
him happy
know where I can borrow the princess one
but it's okay if he has to Prince this
one boys can like princesses - you know
just like in media hmm just like it me
me I can like Jones you like playing
with Eduardo strange that yes you do
don't you like playing with Eduardo's
dinosaurs and Eduardo's Lego and the
guardo's cars yeah you can play with
boys toys to play what boys boys I want
to play without I know I know but you're
a laugh if you really want to you can
play a boy's voice in fact there is no
such thing as boys or girls toys it's
just toys toys are toys it makes no
difference just like food is food hmm
codes are different don't I'll give you
that clothes are different
boom boom boom bum bum ba da dum ba bum
bum bum bum bum bum bum what are you
doing are you supposed to be in here or
are you supposed to be in the bath
that's my question you want to care to
answer alright friends and friends and
foes foes and friends it's time to go
and say goodbye
say bye friends right friends say
goodbye dey say it together
say bye friends together no we're
supposed to be a four part harmony I go
by you go by then water goes by five
friends like me now my gums
keep your mouth give your mouth give you
mad be nice wine gums don't happen are
you ready my friends my friends and then
why do you go friends
I just wanted to quickly say something
cuz I know there's gonna be some
comments cuz I just watched it and I was
thinking about what I was saying when I
was saying even a million Eduardo and
there is no boys and girls toys I just
wanted to say like I'm not like I'm not
trying to make a point with the kids
saying right oh no there's no gender
equality no barriers I'm just I just
feel that like Emilia already goes to
preschool so she's already been
influenced to think like a girl and
water goes to play groups but he's not
really influenced into a gender role so
he kind of just does whatever he feels
like he wants but Eduardo is gonna start
school or he's gonna start a nursery
shortly and then he's gonna be more
influenced by other boys and he's gonna
gonna want to go and not play with
Amelia's toys and stuff but in this
interim period when children are
children I just feel like I want them
just to be kids I want them to have a
childhood for as long as they can have a
childhood because once your childhood is
over it's over forever so that's kind of
my opinion on it
hope you enjoyed the video give us some
likes comments favorites feel free to
disagree with me that's the freedom
that's the Internet lads we all have
opinions we can all raise our kids our
own way see you guys tomorrow bye
