get away from my brother so Eduardo say
get away from my sister
good morning friends it's a frosty
morning breakfast time or to have
breakfast
you wait you want an iPad for breakfast
little little squishy down here nobody
carries Mouse shoulders knees and toes
oh oh thanks you hit me and then you
kiss me what kind of relationship what
kind of relationship do we have huh head
Shan a slap a little bad all right you
want to get around climb aboard the bus
all right climb on the bed first twelve
on the bed first or the bad first what
can get you there were three young the
bus at noir in a rush and bragging for
breakfast stops the berry mush
good morning I'm gonna go off and do my
workout now but kids are just hanging
out listening to important information
on their walkie-talkies you making a bed
for that teddy bear Melia he's looking
for the walkie-talkie why did you hide
it
oh I've snow months to let there fun
fact the snowman's head is actually full
of too
right fighting he's not going on there
to take care to die here isn't the past
mad so I was look at this right this is
my diary from when I was a kid oh right
you know you look back in your Diaries
you're younger or when you're older you
look back at your guitar you read to me
and you visualize an on the flip side
what I have now which is so crazy is
that I actually have all the episodes
that we ever filmed right from the start
and all the way because it has like you
mean the whole the whole thing and I
just I was just flicking through because
I I made reference actually in today's
episode about wearing a beanie who wore
beating first I was she gonna flick to
try and fight and I found this moment
day 36 and I was just sitting in the car
and I was like I have to have to make a
decision what we're gonna do and on
except I was like I think YouTube is
something I think it could be something
really could I really love talking to
the couple of viewers that I had back
then and I filmed about when I was at an
interview in CIT when I got a job in the
studio there and then we moved to Cork
and it's like it's so visual and so
there it's amazing that we managed to
capture all that like even if you had
this idea like to even go and like I'd
love to have that it takes always to
take six years of dedication to do that
but it's such a cool thing to have I
might keep this up right until for the
next like four years five years four
years I will have a decade of my life on
tape you never really know where life's
gonna take you but all you can do is
just put your head down
follow your dreams stay true to yourself
like be honest to yourself be a good
person to others you know we're all also
these six years would teach me you know
is that every every negative thing can
be turned into positive every no leave
any leads to a yes like Garth Brooks
song sometimes God's greatest gift is
unanswered prayers you know that concept
is like every time you get denied
something it means that you it's it's a
reason for it it's denial because it's
leading you to the right path that you
should be on and I believe that this my
collective work of six years is that can
do exercises it right oh yeah okay come
on let's get our match okay
yeah you look handsome today
uh-huh with your hat yeah
now do you exercise this come on one two
three go
high knees 100 high knees quick let's go
okay just didn't work okay so I do this
turn to your exercises yeah 100 high
knees quick get away from my brother
see Eduardo say get away from my sister
pretend that's a spooky monster okay go
away spooky monster it's probably not a
good thing when I'm teaching him to
punch I just realize it's probably not
great
hello guys I got my Barbie doll these
will need baba shoes pull it off so you
can feel feet and you can put them back
on like you this one up and you can
change them into a different seat like
this to see and so to come to Java
hey just like a fuckin show super and so
we just have to thanks for watching for
my video explain if you want to take
most states changing sure stem you can
buy this in your makeup gonna do my
makeup so I've been thinking all right
so I mean I'm I've been thinking for a
while about I know how to asked me about
this tattoo that I got done right and I
started getting it done I've had were we
together I think we work together it's
like maybe 2006 or 2007 7 today when I
started getting this done right book I
went to this like guy right and I think
he just kind of messed up the lines here
I don't know if you can see that and
then I was like I was really annoyed so
I never went back to him to get finish
and I was like I'll get it finished but
then I couldn't really afford it cuz
like it's quite it's quite a big one so
it's kind of it was like two or three
hundred euros so I never I never went
back to get finished and then just life
went on and everybody thought about it
and then obviously I got those and son
and when I got these done I was talking
to the guy about this and he said all
the first thing she's just finish it off
but I got so used to it the way it is so
I have this here and I'm gonna color it
in and I just want to see what it looks
like and then if I like it I might get
it finished and then try and come up
with some other sort of design to go
around it you know something that kind
of complements the names and complements
me I suppose a lot blacker though oh
yeah
it's kind of hard to join your elbow
backwards but if I filled in honor than
anyone you know anything in here like
some gray shading obviously this is I'm
just kind of loosely doing it we got
some shading that around here might look
better
pretty good thankfully tattooing is not
as easy as this because if it was this
last painful you have tattoos all over
you you think this is very rough though
oh I see yeah you look better
yep and then we get that you get the guy
see some shading around here just to
sort of blend it off a little bit you
know what I mean like I sort of I don't
want to sleeve sleeve for like stars and
so for that to be kind of cool of him
okay leave comments let me know guys
what do you think huh
I think it's kind of cool and then I was
gonna get friendly as friend you may
need to sharpen this very light we gotta
put them all back in then we gotta go to
ballet well you don't be late you got
some why are those got some you're gonna
be late we gotta get her coats on your
cozy coat all right let's see what the
cozy coat is all right mommy has the
cozy coach all right hundred where you
going all right okay
are they just there that's the wrong way
around clothes coat coats coat snowman
update
he's still here he's still here it's
backing his back problems again a little
bit worse it's like a rope or something
in there but he's still he's still alone
I really thought he'd be gone today
although this morning was so frosty it
was like ice cream front everywhere
Sean's like long as it stays really cold
he has hope he has hope but it's amazing
maybe he'll be here maybe he will be in
summer in summer I really wanna touch
the plants obviously ballet is finished
it was fantastic did you have fun in
ballet yeah now we are gonna send some
letters oh yeah pick a house which we
knew once we turn any one that's how it
works you just go to the state agents
look in the winner leaders pick one yeah
thank you I love that one
it seems easy you just pick the one in
the window and that's it oh it shouldn't
you wanna pick or color a house do you
want to limit that house look the
Christmas lights are still up
music hello drop early for next year if
that's one way I look in Irish isn't it
why am i carrying you what are you doing
what who's this Benin honey do you like
Benin honey I'm not okay where is it
Melia gonne you want Sofia to all right
it's coming cheeps all right
what's a collectible figure honey and
who who's that Ben oh wait this is tree
plus sorry wardo you can't have it for
nerf years
okay knee oh you're three you can help
them then okay let's see let's see you
ready
rip it open rip it all open it all over
no you got Sofia or sharing Benin honey
oh no oh it's a stem I think okay I'm
gonna put our head back on hello I am
like the worst lighting in this office
environment I always do every blog here
and I'm editing and I'm like oh my
goodness look at this look at this
shadowing situation that's a little bit
better but that would be kind of weird
if I always spoke to you like this hey
guys so when I was when I was in New
York at the Oh whatever I think was he
didn't New York I met up I was chatting
today's shorty award people and I was
joking it was like give me a short boy
on
again the Shorty Awards oh and I was
giving them kind of a hard time we were
messing about we're talking about
actually am snapchatting all this stuff
and then I just like get notifications
that look we're actually nominated this
year let's see if we can pull it up here
look we're actually nominated this year
in the parenting category on the Shorty
warranties so uh dudes
friends friends and people give us some
votes which I'll leave a link down below
I'll leave it down below for ages and I
just give us give us a vote would be
cool if we actually won an award for
something I think if we win we actually
get to go there too the thing today to
the award show which would be so cool I
don't even know where it's on I'm going
about if I win
come on give us give us an award come on
six years vlogging what Felicia I know
where you're taking I already have a
fake a warrant there and those the
silver words but I haven't got a surety
origin I'm quite short so I should get a
shorty award he just turns away we can't
see you you can't see you must go chasin
video in a while or no boys and girls
mocha spunk oh you mean exterminated
exterminated
now tell everyone how much dinner did
you eat all of it
did you eat your Nutella and pancakes
yeah what did you prepare the dinner
didn't atella
or the pancakes what are you doing what
are you doing
are you eating are you eating the air
you an area you lose that you know
oh you fall did you eat too much air
yes Emilia Thomasina sacani Tony say
what American here you why come here I
can hear you no come here I can hear you
exterminate hey guys it's me any time at
the end of the video I don't even ask
and fled because you guys lack answer
yes
don't you so don't forget you have every
turn his head on the roads because he's
great job so he needs a shirt you would
I leave a link below you guys can go and
click on it and don't forget to hit the
like button and I will see you guys
tomorrow
the by fans
