don't like the children picking out okay
whoa
No half those of course dog let's do it
I learned this tip like I saw it on
Facebook unlike I don't know somebody
uploaded a video it was like one of
those Facebook videos like life hacks
and one of them was if you put a spoon
over a pot like this then it doesn't
over spill but it doesn't over boil or
boil over pretty easy and I tried it a
couple of times recently
yesterday I had it in a really small pot
which is the pot that I use I think it
was oh jeez this is not good I think it
was a small pot and it did overflow but
it was also very full to the brim so I'm
not sure if that was the reason but I've
been doing it with this one today and a
couple of other times I've done it and
it has worked so I'm not sure if it's
like scientifically like proven but I
think sometimes it does work anyway hot
porridge nothing like some hot part on a
really cold Monday morning guys look at
Cena's legs
she's got along he's such a cutie she's
got a little track suit on and her legs
are splayed out Lucy's here for a
workout yeah poor Lucy got a flat tire
but good Sarah
sure so wrong sir friends in the morning
it's freezing cold thank you
you can and will punch him on my bed
next whoa you tired today
they were pretty lame huh
they had so much fun yesterday no
haywire delicious water delicious you
gotta get ready for swimming you got to
get ready for swimming
okay mrs. clump give it white a hug
goodbye Huggies hugs hugs and kisses all
right go
Lucy's inheritances here right there
working on a Monday morning as in the
costume
let's go oh look you survived he's still
here let's put his card back in no there
we go oh yeah put the eye back as well
there we go he's still good
he's got a little he shrunk a little bit
stronger leaning Olaf come up nice dive
in there arctic conditions warm it up
for me let's go oh my goodness it's so
cold isn't it
Hercules Hercules Hercules please
audio/video oh oh my god inside so cold
although I was nice to her snowing
yesterday hopefully it snows again but
I'm pretty sure it's not going to snow
again that was like a one-time only
snowy situation trying to find pretty
nice I'm getting percolates excited
Monday morning scooter you tell all your
friends about the fun you had yesterday
Lulu in savvier huh in your room you
change your clothes a million times did
show your Bumbo but let's not do that
again okay can you say silly can you say
silly doing where's white oh going
please we're going boys right oh god
wait white are gone can you say swimming
right here editing the video for you I
don't know if you guys know it but um
I'm actually editor on the videos okay
so yeah if you guys need anything you
know just let me know uh I just added
some music into the Snowman making
because I thought it was nice yeah well
sometimes the lines my dad he's on a
planet for like making new videos every
name but to be honest it's me
yeah it's me I'm Ali and I am the editor
of the Kony bullies okay thank you thank
you for doing sabe over here and a
millionaire or a plain dress up for
Eduardo Padron out did you plant Elsa's
dress yeah yeah did you like it
yeah your princess you're a princess
princess Eduardo except what he went to
walk in it was so long do you like it
annoying Wow you go collect Amelia yeah
do you have your lunch for the tasty so
funny look just let him honestly people
say like oh you know you're confusing
here or whatever it's like he's just a
kid you know just having fun you know
you just gotta let you be whoever you
want to be mister you be whoever you
want to be I'm being me weird to some
people you be you why this way okay poor
little snowman just you just run that
back in there yeah but no is going on
look it up slowly beaching over look at
all the other snow is gone okay there's
no snow anywhere or a neighborhood apart
from this snowman here that we made
that's funny
like no snow anywhere you didn't if you
like slap true yesterday and you woke up
and like 2 or 3 o'clock it was all gone
you wouldn't even know it snowing you
black boys or a random snowman in that
guy's house look we're learning all of
that groats and decay we're building a
garden in school in that exciting let's
go Melia put her own gloves on I was
requested a little harrodsburg what's
the heart was his name again
you gave me the girl's name remember do
you remember Sarah yeah feel like Sarah
how is she
oh I'll get the heating on home bath on
first okay and then we'll put the
heating on we're at home and the snowman
look I put his carrot in oh hey would
you just take his no they're for it huh
Harry the Snowman
you gonna put the nose back in in the
hole slide it in you can't put this new
companies in his head can't stick a
carrot in his head sticking in his nose
there we go he's suffering some some
sort of bad back syndrome oh it's a
squish it in not you oh no oh no no no
get inside
it's just nomads but I've just broken
your head what are you doing oh my god
get inside you're such a monkey
get inside let's go on an adventure
what are you copy me with your beaming
Jonathan he copied me I am I am the
official be nerd
I am BTS go back in the vlogs rewind six
years and see who was first to wear the
bean bag for the bean bag them had new
trends the bean bag three bag no Lucy
like private information
you know what that's good I just noticed
I am like I am almost 900,000 on
Instagram means I'm close to a million
on Instagram this old this old fart
fellow over here is already on him would
you
it's offensive like it is first thing it
is it's Christmas it's Christmas dinner
it's film anyway if there's 100,000 if
you guys and have not followed me on
Instagram
please do because I would be cool I
don't know you feel like a million I'd
give me a multi-millionaire I'm a
millionaire on YouTube that's it you're
a millionaire and Instagram mm-hmm yeah
I feel like baby I'm me
no it's not the Sun was it
auditor billionaire yeah I don't think
I'm gonna be a billionaire oh I know
I must be due to go to the dentist soon
other self yeah that's it yeah we're
going on a journey situation please hold
some time has passed since we last spoke
nerds some time has passed
indeed what's going on here
what is this what is this is this once
I'll ever jumped I'm jumpy jumps
jumpity-jump
iPad please iPad please you are an iPad
you wanna write how about I give you a
tickle pad how about a tickle pod why
you want to tickle pad you want to go
pressure okay I'll give you a tickle pad
I'll give you a trickle pod this is what
you want huh
now who wants to go to have a nice tasty
back I'm hmm bad time bad time
what you gonna do what you gonna do when
the bubbles have stood up nice and
bubbly for your it's gonna taste in the
country wow so tell me about your house
have toes okay bye bye
there's a strange sort of clanging from
the clock on the wall what it's this
hand I mean it's ascending Mesa and I
have not seen this handed me these words
like you would be Rico to what these
extremes heard of climbing from the
clock know which put the parents by them
wait I just hopped its bed was like
there's a strange my friends understood
me children are asleep hopefully that's
it that's my updation we watched some
nurse let's do not show midnight saving
that show Oh
Silent Witness it's actually a Gooden
it's on season like 14 or something 18
yeah it's been going for a while the
cast changes a lot it's a good one
though it's a good show maybe I
recommend this there's been smart water
smart water smart though to them go to
school and study well or something
oh it says it does it's magic
electrolytes electrolytes so silly is it
organic water no Fijian pianist or tell
me to Fiji waters organic water I'm like
no Sabrina told me that she's no Fiji
water and I have
like autumns being there organic so how
did you know but it's something to do it
Fiji water and she's like yeah feech is
supposed to be like the purest most like
organic no no Fiji water just because we
used to get it in all the hotels in
America and so the Fiji water is to me
let's get out of here friends I'll see
you tomorrow
I hope you enjoyed today what do you see
maybe and there's been an iffy vlogger
that is not sure you happy as you may
you have been making a good effort good
the avert keep it up
no gingerbread man oh your gingerbread
man I never tell you just sound like an
idiot
goodbye friends I'll see you tomorrow
does he smile my god you don't know
nothing knows image like wipe ribs and
those are a few of my favorite things
does my wife and my son and my son of a
gun my wife of my gun and my son of my
garden like watch on my friends they
look really good I don't even know where
those photographs are even from don't
forget you did do the Instagram thing I
want to be a millionaire I didn't see a
general I was thinking that was I
realized I was editing I think that's
the lottery thing maybe I'm a
millionaire since a lot of odd goodbye
