guys guys it's not real guys no it's
trying to figure see always going on
here
doggies are afraid of the snowman
but it was very cold yesterday there are
one if one stuck it's not snowing you
see a snow white oh yeah values in the
snow yeah you see the snow yeah he's
he's fun yeah yes Familia
Bianca no if you cold oh it's cold but
it's pretty isn't it
you like a snow yeah okay weather after
breakfast we'll go put our boots on and
we'll go run around in it you want to go
run around in the snow
yeah you want to eat it you wanna play
in it
you were at rowella Lavinia Kelly yeah
yeah
what okay man to fight Ana placing the
biscuits in therapist Kjar a video watch
it you should get loads of stacks in it
would like building one person yeah okay
what are you doing she replaces that
like stood with Oreos every time she
eats one to her places them know every
month she gets rid of it and starts
again
Oreos Toto be some mountain Oreos yeah
what a good dough yeah I know chocolate
and vanilla we get organic biscuits now
this organic thing is getting a bit out
of control
let's put me dump this off dress the
children oh it goes yeah they're so cute
let's go let's go come on wait oh I
don't need mortals ever walking in snow
before you right on let's go
look snowball ready hey let me get that
off you why do you want snow well we are
going to build the greatest snowman we
are going to recreate Olaf are you ready
for that wardo yeah
snow is so nice
it just makes everybody happy is Amelia
gonna flying ahead of us hey hey hey
you're okay you're okay okay there's a
big hole was a big hole okay you're all
right oh my goodness
I got it off I got it all through the
giant hole here what what does it taste
like what does it taste like it tastes
like snow there's a giant hole
underneath the snow I really didn't see
her and she fell into the hole okay come
on Eduardo Eduardo come on
no why does not come okay be careful
okay be very careful
okay come here mister okay
let's go
be careful here look at this guy look at
this guy
go sit beside them maybe they say cheese
oh it's money I want to jump jump
Oh has anyone ever gone into a
trampoline when it's covered in snow I'm
a booth uh no okay we are going to build
a snowman
in the garden here are you ready you and
me let's see if we can we time-lapse
such a such an endeavor we're gonna put
the camera to catch the time-lapse
though that's the question okay
the best yet
we're getting somewhere guys guys that's
not real guys
no it's trying to figure see always
going on here doggies are afraid of the
snowman it's alright it's just oh man
scared thank you Bianca Bianca okay
let's go find the courage Bianca
okay first we're gonna make it a little
here to make sure it fits in
huh huh now he needs a pair of eyes we
almost have him he needs a pair of eyes
okay let's go find some eyes for him
careful though careful come on we gotta
do before wardo sees it huh
and then water's gonna get a surprise
and he's like Olaf is in my garden okay
come on up here we need to find some
sticks to make hands for him does this
look like in hand it kind of does
doesn't it look at home Anton fingers
this is so much but I did not think when
I over this morning I'd get to making a
snowman today cool is this okay we
needed another arm and we need to get
some eyes you've given him a hug he
likes warm hugs I like warm hugs first I
lost Eduardo and now I've just lost him
in yet
it's all too much for him mean his feet
were tired and cold but ago he did down
that's pretty cool I'm pretty happy with
that is the first ever like proper
snowman to build with the kids in our
garden it's so cool we already got as
far as one I can't find anyone else I
don't what that I think it would be a
plug for the pool or something cherish a
little hand dogs are going crazy Adam
it's so cool oh you do show him already
Oh Vinnie like it's plated in your vlog
his reaction my first ever so much I
think it's really cool it's an organic
carrot so it's quite small what no you
have to stab it in that way you don't
put it in that way you put it in with
the point facing oh yeah what's his eye
I think it's one of the drains from the
pool or something
I didn't have any coal or I need me I
was the traditional Lance's cool laughs
okay we are preparing food and is making
food for the grown-ups that's okay this
should taste the same I am making food
for the kiddos three boys we have to
feed here so I'm making burgers horrible
fryer kinda the variation of Burgers and
Fries but we have three boys and one
girl whoa look what Anna made a rice
salad looks pretty good
I cut the straightest chip ever look at
straight cut those chips out I was
pretty good going though we need to go
Rose don't we need though I think I had
to do it all like with the knife here
but wouldn't it be cool the hours you
know the things he is squish already
chopped and it just makes chips and
potato things what are you two up to
you guys are cray-cray Oh Mike the
knight Mike the knight Mike the knight
again my chips turn into some sort of a
saute potato and we had onions and other
things to kind of recover the situation
we've elongated to get the search lights
running a bit late but the kids are
hungry so whatever name but what do you
think of that is dinner huh it's like a
Sunday roast
mommy sounding suspicious to build a
knife behind you do you like it yeah yum
yum yum yum what I cut yours up already
where though my chapters up already
Oh excited
I mean I should not sit the security
power oh boy oh boy already come to the
front door come this way
wait hold watch out for the Snowman it
is Oh No alright check this out lies no
your room for girls he said what no no
no ready guys ready guys ready ready
ready we can just add a time that's not
gonna do anything because the lights
open what do you do up there monkey
first I'm doing three up on the sled
this isn't working well bunk all right
now sit that way I need to hold this on
all right all aboard let's distribute
our weight we've got a fourth person
Eduardo climb on whoa where'd it go to
sled come on we'll get four on four up
all right here we go first time in
history
I don't know what it doesn't work for we
need a bigger /alright wardo has given
up and he's gone to bed I mean because
we kind of forgot to give him to our
does not see we're all having fun never
like I said we're so tired it was like
oh yeah he hasn't had enough these two
monsters have ruined our house okay
ruined our house I wasn't prepared for -
boy did you change your media's clothes
did you oh my goodness see we've got two
girls boys are like you're getting in a
little bit boxes be boxspring yeah live
outside the box that's for a dog each
one a sweetie they're really tasty do
you want one eat one know who the joke
put it there no one mmm mrs. sweet
wasn't saying it didn't turn a blue rose
through the roof
yeah you are clean with something no
talk you say bye-bye friends say
boyfriends new boyfriends no obey you
say boyfriends do boyfriends
ah thanks me and here we are at the end
of the video if you're still here if
you've got this far if you have Sacchi
16 minutes of my life lads the least she
could do is hit the old like button
leave a nice comment subscribe and
commit my friends and thank you for
sticking true for making to the end huh
that's pretty cool there's a couple of
links down below if you guys want to
watch what we did this day for one year
ago two years ago three years ago four
years ago five years ago oh my goodness
thanks watching guys no see you tomorrow
my friends
