good morning I just did my makeup it's
ten o'clock it's just after unless he
has not first naptime
I'm gonna go get her now No wakey wakey
eggs and Bakey
I know where's that your bin I need to
change your bin hi hi everyone
right let's find you a chop really full
and people didn't put things back where
they're supposed to go it's where I keep
this place and then either the kids or
Jonathon or somebody just messes it up
yeah she probably needs a bigger she
needs a room first of all but she needs
like a chest of drawers definitely and
somewhere to store her clothes because
this clearly isn't cutting it anymore
but just stuff doesn't get left how it
should be like what is this okay I'm so
glad that this is stressing me out right
now
okay that looks a whole lot better now
we just have to find a home for all of
these toys and I need to put them in
storage because they're all too small
and actually they're all new so they can
go in as well but let me grab the socks
actually the socks should be good I put
all her socks in here it was full of
toys but I think we need to find a new
home for them might put the one her not
her windowsill but like up here
or not really sure okay
we picked an outfit so we're gonna go
with this lovely blue number oh my
goodness
I was not expected hmm I was not
expected I didn't expect to do every
clear it just there but oh well at least
it's done kind of look how cute she
looks
hey I know you have a snotty nose you
need to blow your nose
mister okay go grab me tissue from the
bathroom and I'll clean up it unless he
looks so adorable in these colors don't
you and I found a random bow that was in
with the toys so that's good cuz I was
actually missing that did you clean it
yourself
yeah oh good boy play now no you look
look at your pajamas good boy no we need
to get you dressed as well okay I know
no no I'm thinking your outfit okay no
this will put literally like shorts and
a t-shirt on him and like zero degree
weather
crazy monkey just like making yourself
turn around he do it say is that you
turn yourself right over to meet a very
you know really grinds my gears guys let
me get deliveries and they don't close
this gate when they leave and then they
leaves the other gate open and like if
the dogs got out
they'd be like junk and junk like come
along come along delivery people maybe
we should get a sign now in fairness
saying please shut the gate or something
but that just really grinds my gears
so Anna and Amelia are going to a
princess tiara party and myself
Alessia and this crazy monkey are
staying here where do you like do you
like watch it now it's the one thing
about you craziness he keeps Alessi
amused we need to get you a snack little
snack attack
huh whoa can you get the snack attack
what did she say we have to do oh good
boy now would you say get a carrot isn't
it a carrot bar media those ones match
the inside of your coat look see this is
this is Navy isn't it or no it's black
two kisses kisses - kisses inside auntie
and one hot inside and I did on the
outside as well
very nice Eloise is gonna be very happy
with that Romania yeah yeah now
carrot cake for the baby is to get a bib
on her I was told some kind of a bib
situation and we are set we are set
okay we are off to Amelia's friend's
birthday party
Tea Party but it is a richtek look of
having it tiara Tea Party this is the
kind to my car no we're not going to
work
we're going to take the car right you're
on the other side other side I will
buckle you and you can put the bag okay
she takes a carrot cake okay so I make
one expect
what did better know at my army mark
kills me it open anyway this is between
me and LS yeah all right this is my
moment
what's he bringing in the house
that's a new bed for me check wired oh
yes thanks very much that mean your bed
hey guys I just packed from the party
and they got my ears pierced know what
you did what that light is paid you ask
daddy Oh mommy could you do that yeah I
know miss did you keep picture Ares what
was its or we rock did all your friends
get there's peace as well you went and
got your ears pierced at the party daddy
pretty seconds only stickers not before
dinner
really you a bath bomb haven't had a
good old-fashioned PPF and friends in a
while so we decided we would be
supported Friday night even though it's
Saturday night what we're gonna have a
pizza party Friday night on a Saturday
night for some reason where I've lost my
voice
you know school nowadays last year Tina
she eats the crust and stuff so everyone
can kinda be involved in the pizza the
pizza party Friday night
are you ready Alessia are you ready are
you ready for pizza teaches ten days bra
by holding something flash I was holding
my creep back and I'll go to take this
time okay I'll look
