what toys you want to put in the fire
are you protecting all your toys one of
Eduardo toys what I put in the fire
no woody no Olaf
good morning friends from the Arctic we
are in the North Pole this morning isn't
it cold
it is a coldest day in record history
since records began yesterday basically
it's just cold it's probably not
oh the coldest day with the breath ya
know it's a little crunchy it's crunchy
think the car might be crunchy as well
oh wow
Pinkie Pie's come on with us we're gonna
school this Pinkie Pie going to school
the dog he's gone
yarr look at the car media it's a
frosted car
frosty no man oh my goodness
are you gone you see our cars are frosty
look
Oh
we're not gonna be able to see out the
window come on let's go heat it up heat
it up
Oh let's see if we can get out of here
today
don't even open she all right thing
happened Amelia
I think Elsa might have done it yeah I
think Elsa might have calm and like
frozen the car look she's just like let
it go
she's like oh no are we gonna do maybe
an Olaf will be made
there's probably some sort of magical
button here well obviously the first
magical button is that button for this
one and then this one that's warm
everything up okay
there's probably a defroster button that
one okay I promise when I come back
later to catch you I'll be in this car
okay that pinkie I'm Pinkie Pie look
we've left pinkie pie here in the seat
waiting for Emilia okay all right she'll
be waiting there for you in her seat
when you get back okay all right let us
go let us know what are you looking for
you want me to carry you jeepers
sorry basically your driver and your
carrier if I don't have to drive you
somewhere I have to carry you somewhere
is that it is that it yeah is that my
job yeah
oh my goodness guys it's so cold in here
it's absolutely freezing and there's
dark I'm going to get a delivery hey hey
how are you hey hey come on Ben Hey my
car's frozen over oh I have to go ahead
later anyway yeah it is freezing I need
to get a heater for in here because it's
actually really cold and holy to Duke's
where the from is it cold beauty cool
yeah
it's my ass skincare
you ain't finna do it work out with them
freakin freezing oh she said you'd water
I feel like a superhero cuz it's so cold
I wore like high socks
okay look funny with is the red like
spider-man or something let's say that
de wardo guardo Eduardo do I know
spider-man are you a spider wardo you
spider wardo Oh spider hard oh well I'll
be waiting me comments has to be how
come I never show you work out I just I
don't know I haven't whom I work at
think I'm like I feel like a weight line
like ready or something to share
generator we need a robot I'm like
getting somewhere and I don't wanna like
ruin it by talking about it you know
that kind of like be talking about it
sometimes you fail or if I don't talk
about it I'm actually getting somewhere
in my mind about actions not words just
heading out to run some errands and
stuff and my car is frozen
oh my god anxious I bet my car like I've
never driven an icy condition before or
like anything like that and it's really
icy out there I'm just I'm still
petrified and I think I've been kind of
dishonest with myself like sorry
about it like I I'm not completely being
honest with myself like I am still
actually really nervous to drive and I
need to just literally hey why is there
a warning light that's not helping I
need to literally just like get out more
you know anyway enough rambling it's
trying it at my bloody driveway
it's another whole other story in itself
hey Maya what you got a teddy bear who
owns this teddy bear is it your teddy
bear Oh more condensating he sure it's
not doggies teddy bear oh oh keys do you
like doggies toys oh is that for Amelia
keep condensating up the situation oh
you that is it your laughs Wow I'd Raph
yeah is that you did Santa Claus Santa
Claus what the Santa Claus still 10:18
does he bring you presents
oh hey doggie what color is the doggy
no what color is the doggy what what how
did you ever because that was cute I
don't like playing with it are you guys
I'm kind of setting up the situation
just buy another doggy bum bum bum bum
ba bada bum ba-bum ba-bum ba-bum ba-bum
it is sunny Lights sunny afternoon did
you know did you know that right now at
this very moment right there up in the
sky there is a British man
about to walk in space the first ever
British man to walk in space is
happening right now that's pretty cool
that's pretty cool would you go to space
though would you go to space that's a
question um so you know the am
commercial space flight which is not
only going to be space space it's gonna
be more like high atmospheric traveling
we'll call it unit I mean I don't know
if I got the opportunity to do it what I
do it I've talked about the sinaitic she
was like no way I'm like yeah but
imagine imagine having the opportunity
to view the world it must change your
whole perception of humanity in a way if
you were to take yourself from the
planet up to the outer rim of our of our
circular thing all right you know our
atmosphere is about and look back down
at this planet which will look like
really small and just imagine that like
all the people all the conflict in the
world is so irrelevant when you remove
yourself from there but when you're down
here when you're in here you know it's
like it's like when you're in school or
college or work or whatever you're doing
in life when you're right in it you feel
like the drama the small dramas that are
surrounding you are so important but
when you remove yourself from it you
must look back at it and think that's so
irrelevant that's how can there be
conflict but then you come back down
into it you know I'd say all the
astronauts you were privileged to go to
the International Space Station must it
must play on your mind when you're up
there looking back at your planet and
then looking out into the vast expanse
of the solar system
that was that too deep for a Friday was
that she cheap Friday I don't know I
should say that I think I would I think
I would I would be terrified I would be
terrified I've got children
it changes your child wouldn't bungee
jump or parachuter anything crazy like
that and I thought there'd be a chance
and my kids can go without their father
but an opportunity to go into space I
think I would I think I would do it
anyway
just put it out there case anyone's
listening that has a spaceship right I'm
gonna go collect Amelia from school
she's gonna be mad hyper she's always
mad hyper and Friday evenings afternoons
think you're ready to press the button
yeah do it babe you did it we got Friday
homework huh was it a race it - be
careful - okay did you have fun today
yeah
okay hold on hold on stuff some stuff we
gotta cross the road check for cars okay
it's clear as requested as promised oh
you mean yeah I kept your seat for all
right we're gonna get some wood it's
like fireworks
a real instant fire long-lasting burns
winona thought the fellow we're looking
for barbecue fire lighters yeah pick one
thing one thing for you and one thing
for wardo
that's three there's only two of yous
will put one back pick that up
okay okay yeah you're getting that all
right eros you gonna show water what we
got oh we got all this stuff here as
well
pretty sure waters not going to be
excited about Kindle and fire lighters
but he's gonna be excited about the
milky bars huh and Amelia's homework at
City Eduardo still awake we excited
excited to show him Amelia has something
to show you
would you get come on inside the Milky
Bar kid is oh yeah he said you can have
anything in the shop this is what we
came back with I want that tasty wardo
mm-hmm yeah take off here stop JC she's
no wasting time lads straight in
straight in the door where's your bow in
her pocket all right mate this is the
fire which we probably have to empty
first because we probably haven't
emptied it since last year to be honest
let's have a look yeah mate this needs
to be emptied okay first thing we do we
got to clean out the fire it's very
important to always clean the fire out
say it it's very important to always
Titanic
well that was a great lesson yeah
fuel Express premium king ruling whoo I
didn't bite a big lump cuz this thing
isn't actually that big well I'll try
turning this up in and then that super
grill barbecue firefighters it it'll
work it'll work okay then we'll put we
put pinkie pie in no which toys you get
me some toys so we can burn what toys
you want to put in the fire which toys
are you protecting all your toys okay I
won't put any of your toys in the fire
just Annabelle come on in your pop in
your pop baby just plop no no I wouldn't
I wouldn't
now wardo which toys what is he crazy oh
thank you dustpan and brush in the bag
okay now which one of Eduardo toys would
I put in the fire
no woody yeah Olaf career damn it I was
so cute
okay I won't try it all off in the fire
but I will clean the net okay you have a
big job ahead of you in your nice white
quilted Paris top you're gonna need to
hold this open for me as I put it into
such can you do that
un woody why don't you gonna help right
Oh
now that looks a lot better in their
gourds are empty why that in there nice
and cozy we stay back stay back you
can't step on that when the fire is on
okay
is that cool are dodo yeah what is it
Kendall yeah so II think wire is
Kendall's what snow do you want to put
woody in there
no it does say Andy very good aren't you
the clever clogs Oh careful wardo before
I know the candle might burn you and
Howie from the candle what oh no careful
let's move a bike let's move it back
let's move it back all right safety
second I mean safety first fun first
safety second all right we are filming a
video together amelia is so excited it's
so cute we're doing her three three
three year update if scary sauce we year
update like oh she's bizarre but anyway
um she's so excited and then next time
we'll fill me make up story okay
definitely
oh my yeah your makeup right Amy yeah
that's right
oh geez I didn't even see you there no
dear sorry oh my god ones down everyone
down whatever what I take people off
maybe I you're pulling my pants down
look we're quilted we're matching a
bunch of I mean you're pulling my pants
down get your finger on me boom get out
get out of them what are you doing how
how how
how's it going how are you feeling how
was your day hope it was good hope you
were delighted by my presentation
situation that I presented to you right
there friends if was right what you need
it hit that like button and give us an
all comment and subscribe if you're new
because subscribing is nice it's the
right thing to do friends and I'll see
you tomorrow
