you think it's so bloody heavy be a joke
why you ruined my joke what I'm gonna
Abreu is here for ages
I can't find Amelia he's fine here
cheeky monkey I like hiking fewer oh
you're gonna scare him Wow you've got
all your toys there what's this a
platypus yes I get it okay
so Amelia and Eduardo are going to a
birthday party today it's the club that
we're part of is one today or I think
this week or something and they're
hosting like a birthday party for all
the kids so all the kids get to go and
like they cut a birthday cake and like
they have balloons and party games and
it's going to be so much fun so that's
what they're doing today which is really
nice because this is that Thursday is
actually the day that they get to
usually do an activity together because
usually they have like different
activities for their different like ages
and she has nursery and stuff but today
they actually usually do something
together and this is a great activity
for them to do together because it's for
ages like 2:00 to 4:00 so it's perfect
Jonathan got a package guys what is it
piece of fruit a banana no oh
this package arrived huh what that I
guess I got an immediate Eduardo again
huh is this the boat
yeah again okay do it again hmm
early express hello
oh look assembled in Ireland is what
these two are assembled in Ireland close
it
hello hello oh oh that hello friends of
the internet the media is going to a
party with Eduardo are you excited I'm
Kiki melis here you can see mommy she's
oh it's a reflection silly Oh mommy
thanks so cute who's cute I'm cute
you're cute you're cute too boot Oh
am i cute to boot or my as cute as a
flute you can take a few i cute like a
flute yeah Oh more of a trumpet isn't it
I have a hairy nose are you spiders in
my nose
we tell them every one of spiders in my
nose Greggy oh my goodness hello mister
hello mister I'd like to go a little
right you want to it's where I go to a
party a birthday party she was a pretty
party right oh I could make my little
man so our children are at the party
Anna myself for having our own party oh
yeah
vacuuming party oh look they were out of
links I've been using links for years I
don't know I just kept on using links
but look I got dope men care extra trash
for 48 hours
oh yeah learn the extra fresh this is
the mount wash I use because it burns
I like the burn which is the Polo's this
is my shoe rack it's my shoe collection
why are you you don't know the shoes
that in here
everybody need the wet ease at the back
door I'll accept these I'll bring these
upstairs the official going upstairs
area look he's back from the party was
the party good now was there a cake yeah
don't get cake a chocolate cake and
white Gingras then course Oh white cake
with sprinkles and a chocolate cake I
heard that you are very excited about
the cake yeah I like it
KK KK KK KK KK KK why have you got a new
computer
oh that old thing that's so we can make
better videos for our friends because
that these computers kept dying they
wouldn't last very long you know like
you die well because it gets it cuz then
he makes videos every single day yeah
and the poor little computers couldn't
handle it so we decided to try one of
these you could be computer but
brillante try nigger cook well you have
a little computer don't you like the
little computer you have an i oh no no
what do you have I I wash yeah oh no no
no do you have a pad what's it called
um Wow no you have an iPad and I have an
iMac we're in the eyes we two eyes now
but I want like oh yeah you can't have
your own pond to tell me more or how
many of your friends are at the party Oh
overall I come here you have to tell me
and our friends about the party why what
was that
Alif about the party was there any girls
at the party yes no was there any boys
at the party so it was an all boy party
wha just you and a roomful of boys
Wow right that's it you are bunch from
the party now never parties
what Oh a peg
oh I think it's lunch time no nothing in
time for lunch or have you eaten too
much cake how many cakes did you eat um
only what oh you only had one cake oh
it's not too bad I suppose I just think
it's so bloody heavy a joke why ruin my
joke what those ladies like looks really
easily and then it stays for like a
month I would have been a great joke
had you not broken your leg yeah all
right you ruined my joke with your
breaking of your leg
Oh God Oh fine
is it if acuter you see I got a green
lid and now I've got a black bin for our
back when she's leave for recycling how
did how did I put out a green bin and it
changed colour
we're gonna have to walk down the road
and see if we have some of the
neighbours bins or something that's
really weird enough different colour bin
let's go for a walk and see if we can
find our big nuts all right I have
walked up and down the road
I cannot find our bin that is really
weird as a weird situation once what did
you score a bigger pin is this a bigger
pin it's a weird situation
good morning I can my little friendliest
friend good morning again white oh go
away poo come on throw towel why gobo I
pinkie muncher go you worry no way Pooky
monster go away
Pooky monster Oh Pookie Pookie monster
this lad this lad struggles the struggle
is real for duardo
it's not as real for me I mean he's like
you come in she's like dad no my god
this happened it was so much fun oh my
friend are we gonna do can we go play or
a mini chick thought to I was like I
feel like that could be in a vine is it
I'm not a whiner
I can't divine lads I will talk about
the environment setup about any delays
that everyone I feel like I need I need
to pull 16 minutes to be funny I can't
be funny in 16 seconds for 7 seconds
what's wrong
huh you don't want to get up today
what's the party too much fun
why don't we come down to here you pick
a music video yeah you're funny Bunch
you wanted answer I know you want to
pick music songs
oh nice moves you sure you're cooler
through your coolest face dance
bumbum bumbum is that father inherit
that's what we always got a means by
right it was only reason from
everything's Mario Network it's a
commercial network for commercial music
sometimes you might hear the music on
ciccone enjoy these videos unlike as I
always hear the Monica eyes or other TV
shows and stuff like that is that like a
commercial network for music what's that
basic little basis you want advanced mr.
an you know ah there's no favorite I
like you that we're flying it's like my
friend were you doing there country
music - buh buh buh buh buh buh
necessary in the barn what you want
nigga do what you want to go to nursery
in the morning you got art class in the
morning you know or I'll do how about
art class in the morning art class in
the morning I'm a little thing it's a
Thursday night and I feel kind of nude
early
I got some noodles for you and me
noodles I got some you are you go up
yeah you're gonna be the best singer
can I be your backing dancer let us go
and have dinner dinner why no you know
why no food so the children are in bed
and it's time for me and dolly to have
ourselves a wild night Oh dolly stop
dolly we can santander your enjoyed the
yeah like this is this is like running
show tried the whole like when they call
daytime soap operas on they're running
through the whole thing it's really
funny like let's gotta like that
hi Tony Tony he's back from the dead
anyway
drew and I was drinking raisin tea
you're back when we're back in a day
when I used to drink raisin tea yeah
like yesterday Alan white and got me
these ot pigs dream on biodegradable tea
temples
what's a temple anyway look at them look
at these little bad boys oh yeah so you
DS a sniff see what these are like
tea pigs hopefully yeah hopefully it's a
good situation anyway we are going to
end this Thursday on a dizzy situation
are you a dizzee rascal oh and good news
yes the blog that I just put up there
did actually go into subscription boxes
but the other one unfortunately still
has not got into subscription boxes you
know I got my people on YouTube looking
at it they're like it's a weird glitch
in the upload processing thingamabob and
something like that you know so I'm it
may never go into subscription boxes but
it's there on the channel if you just go
to videos if you missed it two days ago
and you're like how many missed a video
we didn't it's called kids answering
questions myself animated in a big queue
a it's wonderful half of you didn't even
see it
hmm so don't worry we have the time
anyway I'm T pagan T pigs out say bye
friends bye friend bye friends bye
friends we're going to Fred you have me
in the fridge in a while come on you
don't you owe me mozzarella okay come on
beautiful it's been a good always that
you've had a night in the fridge so
hello and welcome to the fridge this is
a safety tutorial of the fridge the exit
is placed in front of you unless of
course you'd like to become an icicle
then climb yourself into the ice
dispenser and wait for the button to be
pressed you'll be turned into a block
and you will place inside a glass you
may be consumed okay thank you for
spending an evening at the fridge don't
forget to not eat the mozzarella or
Jonathan San Pellegrino because it'll be
very very cross you may hit the like
button you may leave a comment and you
may subscribe goodbye friends
