so what do you think would you like to
live here yeah
would you like to build a healthy here
yeah this could be all artists Emilia
what do you think why did you change the
script what's this with this good
morning everyone carry on I don't say
good morning friends
I think Amelia's forgotten her lines
Mina has forgotten the script oh yeah
what was that it made school in the
summer so it's a winter
I was going to eat you but I having a
breakfast shall we go let's go alright
Squidward now how does this how does
this suit you hmm
can you get up yourself come on we'll
sing some songs singing a song bopping
along side by side boom boom away got a
barrel of money and backpacks in school
we don't need the backpack we just need
to change me they got into a water fight
a water fight on Monday he's gonna sing
us a song
Oh your son you know you're not supposed
to eat the microphone okay am I not
allowed sing daddy no singing no singing
daddy only for white oh yeah why do only
where there won't be huh know what's in
your ear what's in your ear what's in
there what's in there what's in there I
am filming a video with leaves how nice
these lights
you always look really good in these
lights like that nice anyway so but we
just noticed that we're matching the day
course Oh Lucy's in blue and I'm in gray
like greyish blue and then look at all
the cushions so we're doing a Q&A we're
gonna do one on my channel first and
then on Lucy's channel so check that out
I think when should we put this up I was
thinking maybe Friday yeah is that
alright with you
yeah so Friday oh boy I did not realize
it was as muddy as this anyway what do
you think of this little little piece of
land here
does that look nice let's go a bit of
sunshine he's got a nice wooden fence
that could be it lads that could be the
place hello little friend
tronic wanna come and assist me I need
you I need your advice your assistance
please so what do you think would you
like to live here yeah would you like to
build a healthy here yeah this could be
all artists Emilia what do you think huh
it's a bit of land that could be yeah
that could be Amelia's bedroom there how
what do you think which is that's it see
if we can break into our house so we
can't go down there right now the big
decisions this year do we build a house
or do we buy a house or do we buy an old
decrepit house which I'm kind of I'm
really pushed towards the idea of
getting like an old sort of like
Victorian period house that's in a bad
shape and rebuilding it I really like
the idea of renovating an old property
cuz I like old property but then da the
idea as well of building building a
house is pretty fun as well
which get the best of both worlds I
think huh
what do you think maybe we can
playground shoot your own playground
with your brother in it
yeah the only downside of course to all
these great plans whoa is the funding of
it the funding of the mortgage and the
house that was amazing that was amazing
thank you very much anyway so when we
moved to the UK all that time ago how
long ago like 20 months ago or something
20 month sounds like something Amelia
would say but am all that time I go okay
send your friend oh we were never really
sure if it was gonna work out you never
really know when you're moving country
what's gonna work out or not and you
know since it's being here it's been
it's been wonderful it's being great you
know and I really feel like it's time to
commit it's time to commit and get a
permanent at home you know so are you
excited for that prospect my main thing
is just I want I want to water the kids
can I can measure themselves and put
that little marks in the walk that's the
main reason well yeah exciting this is
gonna be the year Amelia you excited
mm-hmm
all right we're baking cookies because
our cookie jar is empty
right get me some flour please
do you know where it is I need plain
flour not so freezing plain no no look
but we've got flour here in the tin see
Hey
yeah drop some help ain't acting self
raising flour
this is plain flour okay now we just
have to wait until it gets soft and
mushy okay all right we can Oh careful
cuz this snow this blade in here sharp
yeah then you can lick the bowl okay
I'd like to make okay
Emilia is very excited about this
chocolate right here she runs it very
difficult to not be them into temptation
isn't that right but we have to wait
otherwise there's going to be no
chocolate chips left and we're using
Dairy Milk because I have this chocolate
here the milk cooking chocolate but I
only have a bit and then we had a whole
bar of dairy milk chocolate careful
they're breakable and so I used it I
just like chopped it up so they're gonna
be like massive chocolate chips I'm so
good with the ceramic okay thank you
media that looks lovely
whoa those cookies are off the hook okay
we are going out now who wants to be in
charge
Eduardo or Amelia I think it's I think
it's Eduardo Stern to be in charge
whydo do you want to be in charge well I
think
Eduardo's gonna be in charge tonight
okay now Eduardo that means that you're
gonna have to bathe Amelia okay will you
give her her dinner make sure she eats
her bed okay what happened to be carrots
Amelia what your parents make you do all
right
Eduardo's in charge hey I'm in charge
say I'm in charge white oh why do it
that's off
hi con all right later Gators later
Gators look at on his shoes they're so
cool uh kit they're just so cool all
right windows get them on really they're
so cool lucky now hi Tom love it when
green light shows wait here
what when light shows red okay okay
okay I don't this is so scary this is
like my worst nightmare why not get a
ticket or something I said something so
weird
hey a meter yep okay what okay how long
were you here for five minutes
I promise well let's try and park near
the entrance newsday there's two railway
and cinema Oh bingo
okay we only have an hour I know we got
stuck in some cray-cray vacay think what
is on their head and that's the central
role
I know what's the equivalent of a
central role in England do I know what
you mean
why attention off like you know you just
go to centre oh I don't know what you're
saying yeah yeah yeah and I was like
what's the equivalent here like a
coopera okay we were regarding T's in
Google Maps and walking it's up here
somewhere
oh look that's an D which is gonna get a
game you can see right there
oh we go to the casino a nice Club well
it's kind of an it's the best of all to
change right come on it's not the worst
we have 52 date nights this year we can
do better we can do better
oh gotta go hump it hump it hump it up
so we came to Jamie's game your old
friends genies got some Sun Pellegrino's
and I got seafood as always would you
get black eaters of them get at Jamie
black spaghetti I just went with a steak
and a rocket salad kind of my favorite
thing so I think if we are if we went to
that order place tonight I probably
would have got the exact same thing over
here
you didn't get a burner and look like
mine but he didn't get it very that's
where you picked it because I don't even
touch that face hi guys welcome to one
eight Wednesday I do salad and mistake
and my sin donna's Smid and worm look
like worms you're eating worms alright
we are back that you should go see that
movie that is probably one of the best
movies I've seen in a long time
oh yeah seriously like I was yeah I was
sewing I love stories inspiration
inspiration stories of people that have
just like dragged themselves you know
change their stars you know anyone that
has done that you know and there's so
many moments I remember that Christmas
sitting on my own you know and that was
like one of the biggest lowest points of
my life and choosing to turn in
everything even since then like
everything went wrong for us so many
times he's all wrong for us over and
over and over again but we still stayed
true and had an idea and worked hard at
it and just I love stories of people you
know yes so good like you know I cried a
few times there were so many moments and
when she first I don't I don't spoil it
but Jim for the first time when she went
on on her own and it started happening I
was like you know I was like I've
get these people reduce driver insert
they'll think they're lost I really
recommend it I really recommend that
movie joy I know might even better than
Star Wars it was different Star Wars I
purity sci-fi entertainment that is like
eight mile or one of those stories it's
just like yeah so inspiring like nobody
had the guy the TV guy was like this is
like the future like real people are
gonna be on like like who's like I
believe he's like I believe the future
of television is going to be about real
real people and then here's like even on
your computers 24/7 I was like but if I
there hi there me I would imagine
everybody actually say that but if
somebody actually said that back in like
what was it named 95 yeah I think it
someone is like pretty accurate like
that's exactly what the internet is
this is television real people on
television and SEP we get to go any
internet entertaining you or like just
like reaching out to you 24/7 watch it
anytime you want
alright on that bombshell we should get
out of here
Ozzie there are Reds so yesterday's
video unfortunately you may not have
seen it because YouTube decided not to
share it with you there was a vlog
yesterday friends there actually was go
to the video page if you never see if
you come at 6 o'clock to your
subscription box and you think there's
no video there is a video check your
check there's the Kony Jodie's channel I
don't know why they never shared it I
email them this morning they were like
oh really sorry about that I don't know
when it happened but anyway
hope you enjoyed this video give it know
like a comment in the subscription and
should we build by a renovation that's
the question my friends
