I counted a coffee every time and we go
one two hot and you wanna start if you
if you don't go home
quiet the monsters might call your watch
Sandra Martin wake up when she walk she
can't do that
awake to the monster shop you can't ever
await the Mercer job
hello friends and welcome to Monday
sometime in January
oh geez they've revolted what's going on
in here now oh no nothing nothing
nothing
Amelia Annabelle's asleep where are you
going with that your skateboard
you're gonna sled down the stairs this
is monkey and that's making some flowers
oh no thing here I don't go fancy
outside you still make the old microwave
easy one what's happened I know I like
the restaurant once the hotel once
what's wrong guys but glad if there's
one thing in this house there's an
abundance of dogs that's for sure now
what's ugly what that's the seventh dog
oh no fell when we drakes it again these
are actually really good right I bought
em I bought loads of different ads right
it's they're called - I don't know why
Nicole right fit why I must say Mike
ones we're a little more expensive than
the rest of them so I said like I'll buy
two of the more expensive ones and for
the other ones these ones like are so
good I don't we know what a call dry-fit
who I am they fit and they keep me dry
well I don't know if they keep me dry
you running in the car maybe what do you
think we think in our plan are you stuck
with water situations well can you get
up yourself no way no way we do love our
kids yeah sounds like a plan
come on see she is yeah she does all
right you ready let's get strapped in
Wow where did you learn that that's
really good
whoa we all know that one but it was
like a pops up I've got the jingle bells
we're never getting this good at this
rate that's really impressive when she
sings know what okay it's really
impressive when she sings a check sheet
like moves up octaves and stuff like
that like that's practice I think for a
three-year-old I don't know is that
normal for a three-year-old to be able
to like you know I mean change key when
she's singing I don't know I think it's
pretty amazing
let's go so I'm working out with Lucy
but she's teaching me the smooth that
we're trying to perfect and she's able
to do it she was practicing it like all
weekend and I don't I can't do it
without like lifting the key is to try
and not lift yourself up with your hands
so do you want to do it depression okay
so the idea is you come out onto the mat
you bring your legs all the way over
think come on up oh my god I know it
probably doesn't look hard on camera but
try and do it at home like it's
impossible
okay okay I'm gonna try okay so bring my
legs all the way over that's it and now
come up to the toes under power you're
so close so close so close on that okay
so you come over and now come up tuck
the toes but you know my ears and this
car would try it this is what I perhaps
in this weekend this is hard
the idea is when you do it is get the
feet in quite close on there so actually
should I do it without them glass so
we'll take the legs
razor and cut the choice in quite close
behind it and look by the main thing
yeah you're right that does help it does
help if the feet are too far away you
can't do it you need to push up in the
hand so you need to tuck the toes in
quite close for the heels in order okay
so I think oh how amazing it's not that
bad it's a technique yeah I'm feeling
very black today I got my colors
everything I'm cooler colder now it's
time to get beaten up some morning abuse
oh I shouldn't have told you about that
goodbye friends now you're working hard
core you smash the mirror ripped in two
kicks an ass I think I caught a gook and
I just put the end of the mirror and the
whole thing just smashed just that kind
of work so I just sit there do I and
then we can go we have returned for you
my hearty ever a pirate where the
Pirates from the sea no home to get you
Oh easy there now boys and girls Oh our
dough has changed sides
have you changed to the other side has
he gone me as he moved to the other side
has he betrayed me
don't be betrayed me harder don't be
betrayed me what's happening now what's
happenin oh yeah am i turning into a
horsey oh I got you I got you I got you
little fella there's a flaw in your
pride there's a flaw in your plan
there's a flaw I'm draggin drive it in
my car driving
hi guys today we're pushing dad's head
you want to sit somewhere else where
else do you want to sit Oh Oh Apple and
mango snacks pile of sugar
don't break my heart I 100g at fault
again and he's right behind us
because I don't want anybody to see a
monster
hello water this is beautiful and we had
to the coin okay
I counted a coffee every time and we go
one two hot anymore start if you if you
don't go quiet the moist arson lights
all your watch might go for a walk she
can't do that
awake to the monster shops you can't
ever awake the Masters up to have some
iPads
okay thanks to watch why wake you up you
can and step 5
but both the Joe's were that spooky time
by oh you should watch Eduardo's video
when I landed it just water decided I
like it is a Eduardo's 21st update could
you imagine if you kept doing them all
the way like for their whole lives you
know and they're like married and
everything come on Eduardo
it's your 40th it's your 45th updation
is horrible anyway Opie has no kids -
yeah can't imagine our parent our
children being parents what's that like
when you bring home a grandparent nobody
like you mean imagine the media holding
your child she already has one oh yeah
no but then Ellie could do some cool
Ellie could do some cool montage of like
Amelia being brought home by you and
then my song
yep there's something I don't actually
know the words no speaking of babies
lads you should probably give you an
update as to where the baby's at where's
the baby Anna come on you told us eat
all this all the way baby
so the thing about
the thing about the baby situation is
that everything we like to do in our
lives we like it to be started like
natural and organic and just a sort of
like we do like to buy organic food you
know just to let it happen if it happens
that kind of way so like with this child
you know we're not like like tracking
cycles and doing all this crazy stuff
and being bunny rabbits we're just kind
of like we're not crazy
no not crazy stuff you don't really like
if you if you want to have if you like
yet if I want a baby you can have a baby
in one side but just like doing the apps
and all that kind of stuff you know but
we're just we're not doing that cuz
we're kind of like letting it happen
it's gonna happen so it feels like
natural and organic which is kind of
frustrating because it means that it's
gonna take longer even though you think
it's not but it is gonna take longer
than expected
you know I mean it's it's a 10-year plan
you know hope not but and that's just
where rather than that you know we just
it wouldn't let it happen if it happens
itself naturally I think that my body
will let me know that it's ready when
it's ready like I think that if it's not
happening it's for a reason yeah exactly
not my body like the first two times it
was like ready yeah baby
I'm not I've met like physically I'm
just talking about like mentally you
have to listen to the signs yeah I just
feel like or because I'm drinking soy
milk as I've recently been informed I
think that my body is just like a my
mind just it's I think they're like my
mom's don't know feel like it's if it's
not happening it's for a reason and when
that happens it'll be for a reason you
know Jackie happen at the right time for
the right reasons and I think I don't
want to like push anything exactly
that's anime night or something that's
not meant to happen yeah exactly let her
let someone else inside or yeah or
something or fate or whatever it's
supposed to be like it was supposed to
be in under Fela or Felina you know it's
trying to be both at the same time huh
but that's our that's our grown-up
talking okay you actually just crushed
me hi hi
that's how grown-ups out for today my
skin looks so bad in this look I don't
even have hair look I better have hair
that looks really bad then I look
terrible
why did you just like to film this clip
at like 9 o'clock at night because the
kids were met hmm my friends Oh tomorrow
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Saucony Jolie's don't
forget to hit the like button and I
forgotten it it was something like that
wasn't it I used to have this intro or
outro years ago and it was something my
dad was like a piano don't don't I was
like hey guys and thanks for watching
the reps and it's like oh do you don't
forget to subscribe it doesn't feel
natural doesn't feel like that's the
thing anyway hope you enjoyed video
that's a cute little thumbnail um and
I'll see you guys tomorrow don't forget
to like it favourite it and comment it
