we're having their breakfast and
Eduardo's feeding himself like a big boy
do you remember these two were your
original mats these were the first mats
that we got you I think
so this one the monsters University one
and that was before he was even like
born I think we bought this for him and
then the Sophia one you remember yeah
Amelia has Sophia yeah
well done Sofia the first ha oh okay
maybe you don't roll it anymore
haha card you've got monsters look what
do the monster is saying oh yeah boos
not on this one no buts
Sully and Mike no boos not on this one
this is monsters University boos not in
that one I don't think uh maybe I'm
wrong no boo is the girl's name silly
that's Sulley I think we're really not
that good yeah not silly
Sulley hmm I need wydo likes raisins and
porridge and the media doesn't isn't
that right okay and we're waiting on
your hair oh man because we don't have
any bananas guys are you a big monster
eating big monster breakfast are you
ready for the mud are you ready to do it
welcome to mud land home of mud come on
you gotta join wetland
come to Midland Oh No come on come on
either one step one step inside Midland
one step wide out oh oh no it's okay
though it's okay
literally his first step your first step
into the Midlands and you got yourself
covered let's go to the mud
come on let's get muddy that's what
Sunday's are for they actually when when
they invented Sunday if they actually
meant to call it mud days but they made
a mistake and call it Sunday's by an
accident after church I would never ever
tell you a life issue we are gonna do
some baking Amelia and I were just home
alone but just the two of us and I was
looking through the Donal Skien cookery
book this fresh one and all of his
desserts are like rather healthy which
is a good thing obviously it's good
things but it's just something I noticed
when I was like going true it was like
whoa these desserts are really healthy
there's like a carrot and courgette
cake-baking good girl so I had this book
like just out on this recipe opened on
this recipe over there
good girl with this picture and a
meeting I was like going past with her
buggy she was like who did that I was
like what you read and she was like is
that chocolate I was like yeah I was
like that's what we're making today she
was like who did that like pointing at
the drizzle and I was like the man who
made who wrote the cookbook did and she
was like why I was like um because it's
for decoration she was like but she's
like looking at it really like you know
and I was like do you like it cuz she
loves chocolate you know so I thought
she would like it I was like do you like
it she's like no I was like do you think
it looks messy she was like yeah so you
don't know if you're watching immediate
doesn't approve of this drizzle if he
thinks it's messy okay I was like
alright then I have really ruined my
children with my neat freakiness what
did you drop sticky yeah
homeboy we're trying to make our way
along this little like oh we found we
don't we have a little bit of leeway
left can you get it yeah oh the glove
when did the glove when did where you
got it
well done mr. okay
you weren't just stay there came back
for you later you know doing this with
Eduardo will you brings me back to my
youth I used to live in Teheran here and
I lives on 4th wheels right piece later
in college and I was attending college
for a while as well and I'm on the back
Italian College there's place called
Lake lines which led just at the end of
4 Field Road where I live just where the
intersection is runing road was and now
myself my brother and my friends we had
this like gang we're the gang and we
feel like climbing over the walls and go
into Lake lands and you'd be like
wandering around like this carry on here
nothing nothing mad like sometimes we'd
buy like loads and loads of like fizzy
sugary sweets and then we like hop over
the wall into Lake lands and eat the
sweets and you're like poison we were
mad lads oh yeah this reminds me of
doing that kind of stuff we were there
like you know sometimes you may be like
you know like swings at a rope set of
trees and stuff but I like get yourself
rekt and ruined and then just like like
over I'll go home be like huh this fun
though huh you want to be an adventurer
when you grow up you know more than you
love mm-hmm
maybe you maybe it won't be an adventure
we'll have our adventures right Oh
the older you get the more epic the
adventures will get right you and me
right when you're on your 21st birthday
but I'm like 50 or something like that
you and me we're gonna climb gonna climb
Everest or something crazy like that all
right
steel I'm still vlogging you guys coming
along for that should be good fun is it
nice to meet ya can I see your mouth
mustache so this is what it looks like
so far I really wish you guys could
smell it because it smells amazing the
only thing is I didn't have dark
chocolate I only have milk cooking
chocolate so it might turn it a bit
different and then I didn't have like
Muscovado sugar
I had like golden caster sugar so again
that might be like totally wrong but I
just kind of kind of do my best with
what I have I think I have a little bit
of chocolate like dark chocolate that I
can use is the drizzle
so we'll see okay what do I need to do
next if the flour and the baking powder
and a separate Bowl okay you want more
you're so funny it's running out Amelia
we don't have much left but I'll give
you whatever is left okay
so what did you get up to while I was
gone did you eat any chocolate beyond
this now did you I mean wired are gonna
bring in the rain dairies while we're
here our garden is like flooded lads
it's just a giant flood here now this
used to be the little drinking hole in
here the whole thing is just flooded
look well I kind of I kind of wanted a
pond feature now we gotta have one cool
we have a plunge in the garden chief is
that look at this this whole place is
flooded oh my goodness I suppose like
well should be time for it's not as bad
as some people in England but it's crazy
a lot of water has come here hey let's
bring the reindeers in they need to go
back to the North Pole
yeah oh you got the little baby one yeah
is that why those one the mommy one or
study one mommy and daddy and the baby
why does the baby hello guys welcome to
let it go and I got order Disney
Princesses here with the makeup to just
show the princess is kind of oh and I
got potential Princess Aurora and
Princess a world conjul I'm Snow White
and I'm just going to put a makeup on
the princesses okay and I got I got this
pretty you you makeup festive to do your
makeup
I know Russia I got this now we go to do
the makeup
let's mr. bell now I need some I set up
do you like to see death to you he hit
you I brought him hi now with you what
are you doing look who's awake
it's what a time we are Vicki no we're
not thinking that's a lie we finished
baking our brownies Oh quite a while ago
actually they look delicious your baking
brownies so I'm gonna make the topping
now which is the bit that media such you
didn't approve out but I was like going
through like I was like Oh am I gonna do
this or not like should I bother like
should I not bother doing some little
drizzle thing but it looks so cool I
think I'm gonna do it I'm like I just
think I want it I want to complete the
whole recipe and see what it's like
these smell amazing it's like so
difficult for me not to eat them right
now and look how moist they look okay
aside from this bit in the middle I
think it looks pretty good YUM I'm gonna
leave it there to harden and cool down
and then we will transfer it to a baking
tray and I bought these which are so
cool these big jars from Akkad oh and
I'm gonna possibly put the brownies in
the smaller one I need to find something
to put in there maybe like cookies are
like trees or something but we don't
have anything interesting right now and
then I also got these like little
container things for like we've got
bulgur we've got Cusco
and brown rice and then these I'm really
excited about their tins and they are
kind of like vintage and one says plain
flour and one says self-raising so I
thought that was really cool I'm trying
to like slowly transfer everything to
containers a light has been touched up
hi
are you making a big mess a game okay oh
you're making a different game with your
already games that make sense all right
children are in bed we're about to flick
our next one moment please
so look we actually have account set up
for everybody because we all like
different stuff Oh someday we'll add a
profile but for the moment we'll go up
my line whoops all right the boxes in
here actually
will go up my line
oh we did start watching this we watched
about two episodes of it and then I was
just like it's very heavy anyway finish
to Jessica this is where we're going to
continue watching yeah yes please
there's my yeah my Netflix buddy okay I
need a door a little cookies or brownies
this is kind of cute first I was I was
joking this morning with your peanut jar
right you're not me what what if you if
you want me to
oh yeah how would I break it called you
open it cord opening and then you'll
like lift it off like that and then you
know court open it mash one smartypants
for a second you're like listen this
look like the one you'd see in a
magazine why is it so messy how do you
feel hmm that's really what I'm just
gonna leave you in here tonight for some
reason that ends late makes me think of
birthdays I don't know if it's the way
it's written like a birthday thing but I
just like to point out a million and 270
I think we're talking about one point
everyone points reactants can we just
check no we're not that well we might be
by the time you're watching this video
we're close enough I think I think we
can I think we can college I think we
can call it January 1 point 3 December 2
million come on 50 million I want one of
those golden know those dime and things
that you get if we get 10 million
they'll be epic anyway thanks for
watching videos no idea what I'm talking
about
hope you enjoyed it give it know like
don't forget to comment leave a nice
subscription what I don't even know
goodbye
