hi mom
what are the Nikes they see these we're
supposed to make you hand ten times
better
all right Squidward come on let's go
she's walking around singing hello
princess eduardo presenting princess
edward ena of arduino your royal
highness
at what Nina hello Edward ena oh that is
you feel weird huh huh princess ordina
is that what Nina still singing still
singing hey we spy and mommy you spy on
mommy finger sister finger where are you
and we are still singing you gonna sing
all day are you all the way
look my t-shirt matches your coat that's
how to wipe the floor with Eduardo give
it a little smooch over here give it a
little scootch over there give it a
little scooch over
hello little man do you know my only
little son of a gun c'mon you little son
of a gun morning in the morning the barn
and I wondered am
William and Kate singing nursery in the
morning Thank You they're good doggies
Jonathan is working out Jonathan has a
rule in there that you're not led wear
your shoes on
he's don't fussy still feel like a
fisherman in this outfit or this coat
but now let's see if though hopefully
they won't be able to judge my skills so
cold it's so cold in here you can't
press the button you have to grow a pair
of legs you need big long legs don't run
don't run I mean it's got that Friday
feeling Janina crunchy oh you're too
fast you're too fast
you're way too fast for me I'm just back
the guardo's is hard at work thanks
Eduardo everybody needed a Hoover today
great job
anyway look what he made in his class
how cute it's a little turn for New
Year's
Edward want to show me what you made
fireworks for New Year's and a 2016 I
some bad news
Christmas is over but christmas is
coming again soon
you excited well we don't really know
this was found
I'm not found but Amelia said it was
hers and then she later recanted her
story but as I am not really part of the
division of clothing it's it's out of my
pay grade okay I'm only a level 4 parent
you want to be a level 5 pounds to me
involved in the dressing oh sorry sorry
young lady whoa whoa
she's a stepper all right big it's a big
one it's a bacon good job
Wow you're such a big girl oh no oh no
she's a runner we have a runner
oh she doesn't fizz this is we're
talking my lives give me that back then
we got them from New York in the mmm
story I totally forgot to eat them
anyway this is my favorite one just my
current trend oh oh oh you okay
oh my goodness are you okay I'm so sorry
I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry
I'm so sorry right get yourself some
rocket Parma's and pine nuts and then
chop up to South Seas herby sauces or
lights it's amazing it's amazing I made
it up totally took normally a chicken
rocket and trying to sausage for fun huh
come on do you dance some more
Oh put it on right out DJ white oh that
wasn't a good time go
come on wait oh well without that no
white oh oh he's just DJ he's
concentrating on DJing and my thing is
ready oh yeah check it check yourself
before you wreck yourself trademarked by
me that'll be available to jockeys
toasties if you pick one of the salad
options you can get this comes with a
special drink option as well over here
in the freezer son Paulo frozen good
morning again my little friendliest
friend mm-hmm
no friendliest friend opened Leah's
friend are you in there are you do you
want to come out to clay
come out come out wherever you are
the little man has a plan the plan is to
stay his sleep in the van this is not a
van for it's a toddler's bed it's
actually not it's a crib instead that
all seemed to Ryan it worked out just in
time for me to pick up Eduardo and have
a glass of wine I don't even like wine
you guys like wind I like
possibly white hi
join us now snacks snacks and supplies I
noticed it was very fast having a little
heifer long Oh somebody posted a picture
about Wireless struggles Varla struggles
with the wake up time hmm I like it I
like a new way companies but it's not
different to me you know Jewish you're
Jewish peanut butter this sounds pretty
darn good if you ask me see they know
turn right turn right let's go let's go
right out attached to me
no don't pull my pants down now
explain what's going on here so Amelia
has started grinds fitter school on a
Friday and now she's learning to read
and write and she luck I don't know if
you can see it but she wrote without
immediate spells her name can you see
that she actually spelled her name that
is so cool but she worked it out but
yeah
do you plan she's at home home home
school brines huh home school right
because you are going to become the
scientists that discovers free use
renewable energy no pressure no pressure
alright what you have until the polar
caps melt all right no pressure
it's for the middle the middle yeah part
of the four bill driver you'll make it
over what oh no what happened what a
horsey all right Amelia hold on play
mine are you claim God are you sure
we're going up you're not you're not no
put your arms down my neck and choke me
which accent now put your legs around my
waist you see and you gotta hold your
hands together you gotta hold on tight
you ready you ready we're going up high
I hope you're a horsey I love any climb
aboard
I don't know if you can say ah they step
on my leg muscle things to climb up
painful
all right ready
are we holding on all right here comes
the horsey oh yeah yeah I got that guy
I'm not making it easier not make it any
middle in middle and enter I mean
there's falling
I mean it's falling I have a strange
feeling it's Friday are you chanting oh
I am and I should had a pizza in so long
lads and friends oh but I cheat no I'm
not taking credit for that one I'm
listening to close the property hello
friends cause the bulb is gone boldness
all right whoo I want a pizza
you seen the song word o go well weighs
Dukey monster go away go away I'll be
gone in an hour like it over there
Elizabeth thanks for watching today's
video presentation situation I hope you
enjoyed us hope it brought the happiness
and goodness into your life if you
feeling up to it hit that button the
like button that is and to subscribe
button if you're new it would be nice if
you commit make the commitment
join the club become a friend a
friendliest of friends and leave nice
comments and I'll see you guys tomorrow
good bye
