good morning Amelia and Eduardo oh
that's how he knows all his words she
teaches him no it's a crocodile
oh yeah there is a hippo does look like
a cow a little bit hippopotamus
thank you hippo poop goodness can you
say you know class yeah but this is
working like this monkey no it's a few
laughs but yeah this is a small little
laughs okay so where's Bess monkeys yeah
is that the movie versus away no so s
yes what is
what's this ha ha
but they said bad but boy oh my goodness
how cute with that ok with that
oh oh you wanna get any game word oh ok
ok
he's gonna write though and he said cat
with the tiger because technically I
tell you guys the cash come on
yeah ok snap snap what was that what
Beth I think you've lost them always
back to get in trouble and
I feel the force
wanna be my pet one dad dad dad and then
to it hope hope I lost a child who's hot
is that Eduardo
daddy's hat yeah do you look like daddy
now pick this up this morning and put it
on and he looks so cute it actually
really suits you it why don't you look
really good alright let's put your
actual hat on and this is the guardo's
actual hat you look so handsome handsome
boy and here's the media's outfit you
look so pretty I like your hat and your
gloves Wow you're wearing big girl
gloves with fingers hmm have fun bye
okay I'm gonna film a little video here
I didn't know you have this idea and I'm
Francesca yesterday cuz we were having
this big like it was sort of like a 2016
strategy meeting you know where where we
are right now in our careers and where
we would like to be by this time next
year you know we how will you talk about
all different things so we're gonna do
this year while countries we're going to
go to how many of you guys we're gonna
get to see what charity projects are
gonna work on what video projects
branding all that kind of stuff that
will be revealed to have the year
so buddy exciting projects I can't tell
you anything about him I hate when I say
that so I just try not to say no at all
anyway um boring things I was saying I
was like I really really want to make my
other channel videos I really wanted to
do it I'm not gonna commit to doing them
by any time or
man I just kind of feel like I want to
do them when I want to do them and then
I want to do them so I was just sitting
there I finished I finished some work
and I was like you know what I feel like
making a video so I'm gonna start making
the story time series from time to time
open letter challenge so I I'm gonna
make one now I'm gonna make my first
kiss story which is a bit mad cuz I kind
of have to first kiss stories I have the
first kiss story that I don't tell
anyone about which is actually my first
kiss but I deny its existence and my
second kiss which I like to convince
people was my first kiss although my
first girlfriend thinks it was her sorry
about that
come on it's been like 20-something
years must be over it yeah right yeah I
know what to be white so I'm heading to
get my nails done and eyebrows and just
like stuff that I need like a beauty
stuff that I need to get done like my
eyebrows are so bad right now I know you
can't tell in this light but like the
hair and start like it's like that the
bloody what'd you call it I don't even
know what I'm saying but anyway and I
look like a gorilla
it's basically what I meant to say it's
like a bushy jungle up here but um I
hate multi-storey car parks but it's
like the only car park that I can park I
don't know I feel like I don't like
parallel parking at all so my only other
two options are like a multi-storey or a
shopping centre car park which is
normally full all that aside I'm just
gonna go and have a relaxing time now
I'm wearing my new jacket by the way the
park a London one and I really like it I
feel kind of like I'm going on a fishing
trip or something like I'm an old
fisherman but it's really cozy you can
remove the fleece as well from the
inside which is actually really cool I
didn't realize you could do that like I
thought it was just a big massive coat
but you can remove the inside which
makes it a lot more versatile so let's
go say hi Guys hi Guys hi guys thank you
my video I'm a jockey
thank daddy we're going to paint daddy
oh that's nice contouring pose there's
two Purple's
know which purple would daddy like can
you tell daddy's skin tone oh you
haven't got pins
oh I shadow oh my eyes my eyes
Oh mascara
do you have any guyliner guyliner is
eyeliner for guys okay thank you
you can do it right or you do one eye
you need bowties then I know I look
really funny I'm gonna have one eye done
oh yeah that's really nice already go to
baby step boy makeup course they're like
don't the other veggies at I'm not
talking - so you can't kill can displace
okay no talking out here visit yeah oh
you know that sorry my in trouble are
you real bad I say you can't talk oh
sorry you can't talk if you want it oh I
can talk can I say thank you give me a
cuddle
thank you very much any time you have to
come back okay yeah your makeup
oh we end our video we say thanks for
watching
not finished yet hey if you want you
come back if you want if you look if you
take your makeups up oh that's fine if
you can answer more you can come here
okay okay well thank you very much for
your help
yeah well now say bye dear after any
video now you have to come you have to
go back to your home we'll come check
this error I made a rocket salad with
tomatoes normally do grilled chicken but
couldn't find me sausages look yes
I've invented something new the sausage
rocket tomato salad love it everything
done I feel so much more relaxed I know
I look really weird
nobody makeup on here sorry about freaks
yet I got my eyebrows shaped in tinted
toast
mmm which is in a dark grey and then I
got my fingernails on the sauce this is
in a light grey cuz I'm obsessed with
gray right now and I need to go home and
fix this situation but I'm really happy
with the shape and everything and I feel
so relaxed this is a heated blanket by
the way can you see it cute and that's
the back of Valentina right that where
we always go for dinner not crazy
into the camera I also have my eyebrows
not on properly and when I started
blogging a long long time ago nobody was
watching these vlogs over the course of
the last six years 1.4 million people
have decided to watch these laws I don't
know how everybody else deals with the
fact that so many people watch these
videos my personal way of doing it is
that I don't really feel like anybody's
watching I feel like it's just you and
me I am just talking to you as my friend
that is it that's the way I really look
at it some ways that can be a good thing
in some ways that's probably a bad thing
sometimes some of the things I say can
offend people and I don't mean it you
know I never ever it's never my
intention to offend anybody about two or
three weeks ago three weeks ago four
weeks ago maybe a month ago we were in
Ireland and I was messing with Anna
because she just bought some I got her
some cough medicine and I joked that I
had drugged her cough medicine because
you guys know we were trying for we're
currently trying for another baby I
probably should have taught more about
what I was saying a couple of days ago I
heard that I had actually offended a lot
of people with mood saying that and I'm
really sorry to anybody that I actually
offended I'm not I'm not like that I
don't condone that kind of violence
towards anybody and I think if you know
me and you've been watching our videos
for long you know what I'm like I'm not
I'm not that kind of guy and then I was
looking for it I took it down a few days
ago cuz I felt I felt bad that I
actually upset anybody and then what I
did is I went to YouTube when I found
out how much the video made all the
revenue that went for that video I
calculated up and I donated all that
revenue to charity I don't want to be
seen to be profiting from saying I don't
want to upset anybody I didn't mean it
and I'm really sorry if I upset anybody
I'll try and be better okay I'm trying
be better but I just don't always think
about what I'm saying
you know huh oh boy oh boy
you guys want a of destiny again hold on
tight delay in the morning Victoria okay
ready
huh save the earth it's the only planet
with chocolate on us well you don't
really know did you know what there
could actually be a chocolate planner
like a planners that's made out of
chocolate you could it could actually
exist that dirty universe is quite fast
and large no I hope you enjoyed video uh
if you feel it in your heart give us a
know like maybe leave a nice comment a
subscription is always appreciated and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
good bye
