good morning and welcome to the video
distinctive and he's a little bit Winky
well we established that daddy is stinky
and sometimes he's a little Winky and
he's also stinky and he's wait a second
wait a second idea stinky poopy and
Winky award what give me buy a ward away
oh my not know what we think bestowed
anyone so we've had a very dramatic and
this morning so the media was painting
her jigsaw pieces and the wrong tone of
blue was used it was I'm going to show
you a little bit footage be warned
though guys some of you might find is
footage very upsetting it was like it
was supposed to be a turquoise and it
was like a navy blue so we were coloring
in this floor color and thing here and
something terrible has happened
the wrong blue was used in one of the
pieces but daddy has come to rescue that
is now tirelessly redrawing the entire
frozen frozen thing there's a serious
situation a tragedy tragedy with the
beating hearts and enough convert a GD
generator time we won't ask an extra
please go inside say Alexa play tragedy
in your life will change
no there's a whole dancer I think I
remember you know chew this you'll get
you this it does look nice
we don't him upstairs to try and gather
our gather our thoughts and feelings for
the situation everywhere I made it
better we do the whole thing that was
the fun part for you to do so if I color
the whole thing in an turquoise
you'll be happy yeah
oh I don't have to but you have to if
you want to I have to if I want to
he's controlling the light switch me now
I have really enjoyed this Christmas
holidays because you know what kind of
what kind of focus on me because Nancy
ever since you went to reception you're
like always in school and I never get to
spend any time you anymore I'm soon
you're gonna be in like the grammar
school and then I'll never see you
anymore
oh do you see him sometimes
I'll miss you so much I miss you so much
you're even in like primary school and I
miss you so much and I never see you
anymore how can
and then take your my little baby girl
become for a long time you're gonna be
six this year Mina six and you go in the
older other plastic ninety-one you're 12
oh my goodness what we're gonna do when
you're a year 12 and a busty University
not every what are you gonna do in
University what you want to study Oh God
like if you can have listened to me if
you can add any job in the world what
would it be what okay colouring with
that I suppose that's a job an artist or
maybe a painter like an interior
designer so he wants to be a color a
colorist like Oh what about a
hairdresser they're colourists we're
married warda what's water gonna be when
he grows up nothing what about Alessia
what she can arrange goes up nothing a
princess coloring who likes to eat her
cloth stop eating a bedtime it's not
food it's not food it's not food all
right we are bringing all the six of her
furry children on a walk because when
they went to the vet's dear today and
got the kennel cough they can actually
go to a donkey daycare once they get the
kennel cough
who in your pocket she's got a pulley in
her pocket I look funny of my journey
surprise we have mighty boosh when I
have this thing on trapped in a box with
a company nut job what's that one you
know where they go to the Arctic Cameron
we're in the country somewhere that's it
I think I wear this example it's madness
you're bringing the other head together
cool though right there rain proof
everything proof come on
everything proof except together a
little gang together I know and I'll be
like here's a weird one I know so funny
looking ok
oh my goodness guys the skills are back
alright our kid skills and back in
someone day but those guys are all backs
he doesn't want to go back well I can
teach you oh I kind of think that you
know when I go to school these days they
just seem to be gone forever
yeah look I got to know I mean I'm not
forgot to know but like since you in
September
same like yeah Amelia's gone like for
most of the day and I think that's
really kind of like I feel like you know
I only get it for like they can our two
in the evenings now you don't spend any
time or any more so over Christmas and
it's just really nice to spend loads of
time with them and now I'm thinking like
oh no they're going again in a few days
no got it they're gone until what
February more time to yourself
right yeah at the same time you're like
good job Weaver last year being on
velocity I'll be an emotional mess I
have no kids oh my god you'd be too free
oh we do imagine why not even filming me
well yeah now I am looking forward to
them going back but then for
productivity but then I'm not looking
forward to because I'll miss them I just
really
enjoy having a rent house like you know
it is it's that guys look at that you
can't see them see what your son see
little squirrely we made it to the
bridge
25 bucks we gotta get back for Alessia
get back for less yeah oh you guys did
well today huh yes it wasn't for all
Christmas long yeah me too it is
terrible I didn't want to get like that
cold thing because I wanted to go out
yeah Christmas I know the kids like not
just with the doggies I think was that
this was definitely my best Christmas
now in a long time
just just really just hanging out like
even a few days are off working
something out like these really nice
little trick and they come home don't
forget to walk in that paw print off hmm
then there's walk friend oh hey don't
judge my am hot hair walking the dogs to
my forehead looks ripped from my hat
okay what's hot in here 23 okay oh that
was honestly the most exercise I've got
in weeks which is really bad
I should take Alessia out in the body
but so cold
have a nice sleep it's putting a deep
sleep but you need it that you did it
I know I know Bubba hmm should we have
some snack yeah
let's have some snack there's my pretty
little princess hmm unless ya set your
bunny would you like a snack
should we have something tweet should we
have some food yeah walking would you
like a snack yeah yeah let's have a
snack together okay let's go downstairs
Oh
camera camera get yourself a girl
okay it's the boys side and then if you
come over here this is the judges in the
middle here we got pepper and the
policeman then over here we got the
girls team Bianca appears to be on the
girls team so the winner is Theo oh he's
a boys one Eduardo is one this side and
Amelia has one this side congratulations
you're both winners now do you know what
the winner's prize is very exciting you
ready for this
you get the privilege and the honor of
cleaning up ah you guys are so lucky
do not laugh guys this is not a laughing
matter
let me see the pictures of them so this
is their cousins Sophia Saucony as a
picture over there do you guys think
that she looks like Amelia
this is Anna's older brother's kid
daughter
no it looks like yeah Maryann and then
this is the little fella Matthew Matthew
Ciccone these pads were at our wedding
and they were like your age why did he
they weren't like tiny one thing there
were six yeah like it mean his age kind
of that's crazy yeah you are gonna be
six though and yep Oh what everybody you
guys ought to tell me buddy
hey are you excited for to party
tomorrow no well just tell me what you
think is it a present for daddy's
birthday what Brittany is it a new car
for that mm give me a clue what is it
for daddy's birthday
wait it's for mommy on daddy's birthday
doesn't sound exciting for daddy what I
can't guess the only downside to putting
the kids to that first before eating is
you got so hungry I just ate like so
much of our dinner like cold just cuz I
couldn't I'm so hungry
before it's even might been served and
warmed up and then you end up having
like a dinner and a half which is
ridiculous
look at the mess of like needs and
wellies and shoes and stuff because it's
just so muddy and you go out
already stick one outside so we used to
bite the granola bars I liked the plain
ones and then they just stopped making
the play ones completely and then
Jonathan used to get chocolate ones
which were actually really good and I
started going into them - they've been
arrow stuck on a cat off like months
like okay maybe not last it must be at
least a month and a half though when you
find something that you really like and
then it's just an abstract kind
something like crap I love crab I know
it sounds so like posh okay I only eat
it once a week I have it in a wrap
it's my favorite wrap to have I made it
with egg and it's so delicious and it's
just so filling and I love Carol this is
not like a disk to a cattle because I
really really love them so they ran a
crap around Christmas time which is
understandable because you know it's
Christmas and a lot of things were out
of stock but it hasn't come back in
stock since and I am just pulling my
hair and like trying to find me some
crab but I just want to eat once a week
that's it I'm not fussy like I know I
sound like a spoiled brat right now I
didn't get my graph and then today it
didn't bring my son and I like my
seafood okay see that's not really for
me it's for Amelia she loves smoked
salmon cream cheese wraps and then she
can have them good to add a stock try it
so I've been trying different things and
Jonathan doesn't like any of them I
tried kind bars he was just like please
can you get the other ones again on my
mother and then I tried these ones I
like the kind which are doves farm but I
think because they're like vegan they
just have so much stuff that's not in
there II don't like this and then I got
these crunchy oats and dark chocolate
but we'll see how those goes a toast
goes those go and we'll let you know and
now we're gonna be healthy and not
healthy
oh and okay and we're gonna say goodbye
and Howard dinner cuz we're starving
stuff okay thanks for coming by
see you tomorrow with my BDI that should
be alby's line yeah sure okay
bye say bye Albee say by algy can you
say goodbye say goodbye to everybody
oh you're so cute RB
