good morning I have a wizard with me
here
The Wizard of Mickey Mouse your wizard
your wizard mouse a mess of wizardry
wizard miss huh
drop Emilia to school hmm
what activity you doing today Miss Lee
something you know something sounds
click and I'm getting my face examined
for advantage of moving the ears bombs
she has a hat on let it go held up again
hmm
we talked me into school yeah oh oh oh
oh oh so we got out of the house and
Emilia has new clothes and our hat and a
scarf yeah let's see your gloves wow it
looks so cool hmm are you nice and
snuggly and warm
go I ordered you something on Amazon one
flip it over
no way yeah that's the famous one oh my
god this is in my new year's resolutions
no way is it like not the book but in
your video and that's cool
little things well it's so weird and you
guys threw one arms press-ups without
Lucy I've been joking of ethics see if
you can figure out do you want to
impress us let's try and do it this way
say there's no cheating
you got to see all the night know all
the arms this is like obviously normal
press up I think st. bring your arm in
here
I did some put your arm here and saw
yeah oh my god I said it easy or maybe
it was you like 10 or 20 of them
straightedge just drop down like yeah
what's his name Gaston I don't want to
be like a muscle man so I don't to grow
muscular day but it's fun to have
achievements like that okay I cannot
believe I'm so bleeding though that's so
annoying
I thought this would fix the problem how
early it's like they're in the guitar
you know maybe my skin will get them
will get better and there's Francesca's
here
hello Eduardo welcome home in case you
forgot that's his name there that's his
name don't wear it out huh what's your
name
you duardo it world Oh Eduardo gets very
shy when his girlfriend is here you just
like looks over and he's like no no
that's a look at this that came in from
a mammas and papas but it's a custom
thing for Amelia I'm one for Eduardo but
okay deep it goes like serious you can
fit a lot of child are they supposed to
be instead of stockings yeah but they're
cool look this one each we're names are
next year
yeah but how cool is that though I mean
Santa is and look they gotta look a
little thing
and I think it's a cardigan or something
no it's a blanket oh but I get I kinda
get with you I look like it was like a
ripped end cardigans have ripped ends
like that like that
alright alright y know you're in charge
look you got something bad oh I didn't
new ones though right the 20 the new
2060 yeah
like it I can't do it with them this is
look the actual tag is on the hat
yeah this whole time attack speed on
that ah she let you pull on my hair at
her still can we you can pull all my
hair at or something okay all right we
are at the castle let's get you the
front door yeah let's just really lock
the car - who's not locked automatic I
think it does well I'm never 100% sure
yeah it unlocks out of my you just walk
up to and it unlocks fear and stuff but
I'm never 100% sure so I'm always like I
should probably just test it at home
sometime anyway here's the castle this
is the new gleam offices my office is it
okay yeah oh my goodness Francesca your
house is amazing
look it's like an Oregon yeah I think so
okay no one listened no I think you said
left awesome
possibly hi guys welcome to what ain't
Wednesday and it's putting gravy on
herself
yeah I don't know what it is it's
vinegar this like looks like it look at
I got look at this rocket and shaking
device
no ships you can't even see the view
because it's so misty but it's pretty
epic this is such an epic little place
but the do calories you get nice music
oh right Paul Scheer lives okay it's 17
a million hours later he does not seem
it but literally it is it seemed quite a
darky though it doesn't Gus key Oh
Francesca things for in Scotland it does
kind of look doesn't it look a bit
Scottish Oh
oh hey let's get some wheat hi Gus oh hi
what are you doing now
you need to walk us through it I'm just
doing this and so I'm just prepping it
yeah good cast on her arm out okay
I'll make it a feeling you putting that
into the crease I'm scared you're gonna
like poke in yarn Oh or get each course
I'm just going to put it nationally it's
well got this oh is that the blusher
could you imagine if this was a prime
and you sure yeah
okay that's what I'm cases and we kill
to get a pig
Jimmy's going to feed the oka letter to
your friends you have to just open
between work oh yeah I always like green
one oh yeah we have to go no talking
little bit of me
I feel now how do you watch from lakes
oh yeah oh yes how makeup a goddess head
makeup okay hi guys we got cake makeup
coming yeah we thank you try a hurt okay
let's take all right Thank You Mia
now young joy did it today today today
but the bad at the better than didn t
need to do new who needed to be into
boobie did it it beneath the babe you
and it wants I was David female
did you beat the baby - Bing boom did
you do it on my goodness color of his
nuts okay I got a multiple multi pass
situation here now as you can see Amelia
has achieved her New Year's resolution
on the 6th of January
already done are we gonna make a pickup
should be in London
oh he's me in London yes we achieve one
part okay and now I need to do really
blackness Oh booty Wow how come is
mister just it's all fake
between fake look oh I like that
feel it wicks it's like real this
contour palette palette that's cool and
it's all fake yeah I like I approve of
that guy maker I approve of that is that
Pixies the new palette it never runs out
so media and I were playing the clay
makeup come on but then we decided that
we were telling funny and not tell
anybody
oops not tell anybody but actually put
on like proper makeup come down and
shock everybody be like look because
everyone wanting that it's like everyone
knows that it's fake makeup but then she
comes in like fully made up okay come
here
okay okay
I'd like to expect okay like a lipstick
okay
so I'm going to do your makeup the way
mommy does hair only okay okay no we
won't do foundation accepts just for big
girls look at me I got you I'm also kind
of curious to see what she looks like
and it's evening time so it's like you
know she's going to take it off and I I
love my eye
why am i under makeup
so we attempted to put makeup on her but
you know what she said to me like I want
my own face back didn't like it which is
probably a good thing yeah let me see
I'll do it properly do you want daddy's
face no she wants Amelia's face don't
you know what daddy's face cuz I mean I
put the eyebrows on she started freaking
out she was like I don't put ball T's on
I pressed I just filled in her eyebrows
back to normal I think we need a little
bit more I don't we so close cuz you're
a what we are in pom prompt truly going
to go see Star Wars meet is in charge
did you get a sneaky cupcake mmm the
force is strong in this one
anyway we have like half an hour to get
there it's in the IMAX it's free
dimensionally I'm very excited arrange
another shooting and see this movie let
us go let us go alright Albie Albie LD
where are you okay you're in charge okay
where will you just bathe Amelia Eduardo
put them to bed read in their books okay
and then just like supervise your kids
or something you can watch TV or
something
all right I'll see you later Thanks
we're in Hollywood or is it Hollywood
Bowl hello what are you excited for the
cinema pikes for DX
we're going on 4d I have no idea what
the fourth dimension is I'm very excited
to experience that fourth dimension
are you knew about three dimensions
that's good
all right let's here we go oh I'm
getting everything that's big like I was
like I wish there was some light on
right now
as look at the science of it sleep if
you can see the size that's great it's a
very large screen something here dan dan
deadened and Ellen then I like the new
lightsabers with the two little and bit
that's a new thing so what'd you think
of it I thought it was good you probably
we're knowing anything
no watched any of them so I didn't mean
oh it why do they have superpowers
they don't have superpowers Ana that's
the force I feel like what like I don't
do any store there so and the person did
the thing and you're like wait what can
they do that
there's so much casted is nota so it was
really cool I hardly got a shout out
what's up Skellig Islands that's kind of
cool yeah but uh yeah that was pretty
cool I definitely got a staff Oh going
to be more of them like then I didn't
feel like like two and a half hours of
three hours ever was definitely good in
the IMAX in 3d
I think the 3d was good yeah and
sometimes I wonder because sometimes
United 3d you spend so much time
concentrating on the 3d and you kind of
lose the movie a little bit you know
yeah so sometimes I don't know sometimes
I like a flat two-dimensional TV screen
anyway verdict the Star Wars I would say
eight out of ten
so I would never would have gone like by
my you know myself like my appearance no
water so easy I never would have gone by
must like myself I would have chosen to
go but it was better than what I
expected like I've never seen anything
like it's like there's just a simple
human story surrounded by all this
sci-fi crap you know which is kind of
interesting yeah you know the main
characters you know what Rick is it
beginning was like like is this ever
gonna just go back to like the normal
world like art yes and I realized
Alfre true it wasn't happening guys
there's there's no work okay this is a
fantasy this is fantasy land welcome to
Fantasy Island
doot-doot doot-doot through all right
from the sin the world for oh yeah we
saw the 4d thing right apparently it's
like water wind sent so just lightly
like splash water and splash more of you
it's smell comes up like oh that's
rotten in the splashing in the mic the
Machine goes idea so at I don't think I
rate we should do we should go see me we
should go see a movie like something
like that smells and it's kind of watery
like a rest part baking what okay I
cupcake movies you can smell the
cupcakes anyway leave comments even you
guys have done the 4d thing is it good
does it actually work
I don't know how it work in Star Wars
I've been weird anyway let's go home
goodbye friends with my friends my
friends see you tomorrow
oh don't forget to what gets late and
and add a tan to it Oh Sakura Jody's
Return of the Jedi
why my aunt well anyway that's a cool
drawing isn't it I look at the stare now
let's look little stare now to remove
Ito fees a buncha lobe Adobe's thanks
for watching video give it all comments
like subscriptions favorites and love
see you tomorrow
and remember no talking
