oh good morning friends what are we
doing today lee yong-ki again la balle
yeah i'm gonna see your teacher Benjamin
yay
I need your droid yeah I'm gonna come
we're gonna bring you that's what I need
to get ready I need - what color - -
you're wearing today Missy yeah she
picked her white one cuz she's got some
new to choose before Christmas she
specifically picked the white one so
this is what it looks like so pretty and
then this head bun to match a gray
cardigan and then here's Eduardo's
outfit mhm mhm just kind of matching
morning work at time and I have a new
workout from Lucy so I'm kind of excited
to do that now kind of like I'm pumped
which is a good thing sometimes I get in
here and I'm like I don't wanted to do
this but I've started working at Monday
to Friday so like weekdays and then
taking weekends off cuz I was doing like
six days a week and I just kind of felt
like a bit like I was never getting a
break like I did get a break obviously
one day but I just didn't feel like it
was enough like I felt like I was doing
going a bit overboard not in a bad way
just like I felt like there was no need
like I'm not trying to lose weight or
anything and Lucy just said to me she's
like if you do five days that's amazing
if you want to do six like if you feel
like you can do six then that's great
too but like five is plenty you know so
I was like yeah maybe I'm just gonna
take it down to five just because I feel
like I'm working really hard in those
sessions like they're not like easy
sessions either and then also I'm gonna
take a media to ballet today because I
need to get some stuff done and I really
I'm mistaking her like it's always
Jonathan it's really annoying and I'm
like this is my thing like I signed her
up for ballet but he can be a little bit
of a control you know you can't Jonathan
you know again I'm a control freak in
other ways like with the house but like
with like Amelia's activities and stuff
he can be a little
like you know he wants to do it all
which is great because it means he's a
great dad but it's my turn it's my turn
I do it let's do this workout we're at
the ballet situation sure bro my old
look we came along with us mommies come
well I wanted to bring her and then
Jonathan was all like oh no no no you
were like where is it
I didn't say that I was like so when you
bring her there's too many questions I
know a control freak I just I like doing
the things the kids can't wait to go
horse riding hello princess princess
could be a mommy and daddy ballet
remember last time was that flooded
maybe some new kids here today actually
first aid in new season
when you've had like I got a bobble I
wasn't wanting to be in the bubble guy
everyone has bubbles and I was like I
was I wasn't I wasn't living the bubble
life I wanted to play oh maybe carry her
it's not a castle oh it looks nice look
at the castle
reception drop off I think so there's a
squirrel where oh yeah
do you see the squirrel Amelia under the
tree right this is our new house it's
just a little a little something little
get away oh it's pretty cool so now
we're gonna go to the post office where
there's toys brought Amelia Eduardo's
dance class but nobody rather like boys
let's go
no they wouldn't come on come in here oh
I don't like mother to be a snake pit
yeah is safe like a big girl
are you excited you'd where's dance
class yeah you don't have to come to the
post office now okay we'll drop you off
here and then we'll collect you
afterwards okay it sounds like a better
activity Oh
go for it okay so now was a success huh
both your children are now in the dance
class having fun no one needs to go to
the post office I know except for
but apart from us well yeah that worked
out really well for a moment I was like
oh my god it's all gone wrong whoo-hoo
everything look in there 50% off
no no I think based on your current
uploads to your channel I would suggest
that you have enough luxury haul butt
now we can go to Primark one
white jeans
you're a pop star it's got a post office
alright so immediate needs hat scarf and
gloves or just go oh this is it
put CP oh yeah okay I just take gloves I
didn't mean bloody hat and a scarf just
for you girl yeah well yeah talk me to
it is the diamond-encrusted as well oh
my goodness
haha oh is it separate yeah our two
middle squids so cute okay Lee jump in
my turret these check out Eduardo in his
new hat scarf and mittens you look so
cute
and Amelia oh you look so adorable and
you hat what's that your children go to
horse riding little bit mm yeah okay
fetch fetch go fetch go fetch
now listen to me what do you want to do
what were you telling me right now oh
look at my hand lads breaking the seal
from the punching you wanna play with
the cars well no hold on a minutes now
hold on one minute's now can we hold on
one minute is it possible he's a pasta
Oh Blake do the paso doble wrap it up
with a girl he's the guy and she wants
to learn the bustle Oh Blair do remember
I feel him possibly wasn't like
Australian or something like that
dancing was strictly commenced no it's
not like a show looks something like
that
I say she was like a ballroom dancer and
she made this guy bro can't touch it no
oh no I'm serious
what happened what was it media me they
went upstairs what did she look stands
for she gone huh hmm come on Watson I
would detect Emilia has gone upstairs
aha she was playing with the cars do you
like those cars no what's that Squidward
because you got the early on she
that better yeah let's just put it here
mommy
it looks kind of cool there should be a
new new thing a new phrase phrase praise
no no no no that's not what we came up
here for we didn't come up for iPads we
didn't yeah
do I want to play with the cars at yo oh
I guess so why no no that's not an
invitation
that's not do you think that just
because Eduardo did it huh yeah oh geez
now what are we gonna do funny to do is
laptop Club
alright I'm gonna show you myself and
Amelia's dance one of you're actually
able to see it there okay ready
like so the cumbersome well Oh check
this carry-on out
so Mina finishes her and says can we
share guardo and he's like okay I think
he started sharing you'll do anything he
says right now he's got all the power
some for Amelia go girl
go boy well another for a mini Abbot
you're such a fun little gang Oh
doubles whoa I was a happy happy
I haven't half I was watching so cones
Ciccone Jolie's Gennaro did you share
any Airmen's fire at me
okay we've changed dynamic here slightly
I'm actually on Eduardo shoulders hold
on a minute wardo shoulders come on
wardo come on right now strong this baby
in the world
oh oh oh this sucks trihard oh you're so
strong its back though like let's go
down here is the corner my shoulders
whoo shoulders wait does it why is the
media wanna go in at wider shoulders a
beautiful fighting over the shoulder
what showed us who's gonna be shoulders
wait you want daddy's on your shoulders
while the media's on daddy shoulders
okay that's down here down here down
here turn around on your shoulders right
we did it for a second
what's wrong
your turn you like this okay we got a
new one
we dance I mean yeah we did it white boy
daddy's running out of batteries
daddy's run out of batteries their time
you want to get into a cozy bed and
winter right turn it on the Harvick
better lift it up
and put it in your hair it's like it's
like a hot sandwich it's just getting a
hot sandwich I'm gonna hot sandwich
liking you when you get out of my hot
sandwich my toasted hot sandwich a nice
penny just making I could not even
pouring it into my doesn't have damage
anyway I see this you guys run in your
bed that's right I run I like to run run
it right in and right in that's not a
bad time runner right let's get out of
here
goodbye friends I will see you tomorrow
hey bye friends right goodbye from a hot
toasted sandwich hello from a tasty hot
sandwich
oh let's you should try to tasty hard
sandwich sometimes anyway thanks for
watching the video presentation
situation hope you enjoyed it hope it
brought some happiness into your life
and don't forget you can always click
that like button leave a nice comment
and if it's your first time you should
press the subscribe button seriously
give it a go give it a go Joe and I will
see you guys tomorrow see you later
