good morning friends this morning
Eduardo is helping to put away the
shopping you're putting away the
shopping yeah
banana oh did you put the fruit in the
fruit bowl oh good boy
oh it's heavy heavy heavy cream here
look in here oh thank you is there more
cream cheese cream thank you thank you
yeah you put them in here look oh thank
you any more fruits what other fruits do
you like great yeah you like grapes
don't you know yogurt good boy
put it in the fridge quick do you like
porridge yeah heavy are you going with
that that goes in the fridge silly
hi Amelia you're gonna help put away the
shopping too I like your necklace in the
fridge in the fridge go go go quick
Vickey struggling a bit hi friends so
the children have requested that they
play in their rooms you sneak see we can
get an exclusive
what's going on guys
burn I just covered okay well I guess
they're having fun I leave to my me
announcer I can't forget any difference
I know my green things okay I like it
thank you you just like said it I like
so okay you're good forgiveness listen
ready
okay met
I want Tina now you owe me my lunch
please thanks for making a kitten
Dougie's no okay I'll leave it seen I
come back yeah yeah you put oil on here
okay mom and daddy gonna are you gonna
be a good girl
are you are you gonna eat your ice cream
you're gonna eat all your ice cream
say bye wardo my taking my friend say
bye friends
yeah you better be in bed when I get
back so we're heading into noon
we're heading into London town meeting
Adam and Sabrina we're all going out
without the kids lads
yeah sometimes the adults need to cover
this is my first time bringing out my
own jacket I got the check from
Christmas from Anna but I show you guys
that it's kind of cool it's from bowel
man or something I don't know but it's
there it's cool I feel like a a rock
star it's very rock and roll so just
looking at some houses here like the
draw of living in London versus living
in a town where we live like this is
central London like it's just it's so
even Stevens there's so many you know we
just hold me like positives and
negatives and then where we live
positives and negatives you know I think
there's so many more negatives though
you know hang on I don't know it's gonna
happen you know but I'm like there's so
many good things about living in central
but then there's so many bad things that
live alone central like trying to figure
out the sat-nav
it's so complicated there's always
something going on there's always
something to do the kids that I call all
our bloody friends live in London yeah
but my dogs would be really ironic that
seemed like for the square footage we're
not gonna get really a garden when you
get a small garden to share with I don't
think you'll be found off either cuz we
would work from home so it's kind of
like you'd be trapped in the box
so there's a boy oh boy by living in
London you're not supposed to be in the
box he's supposed to be out with the
people I don't know I'm for two people
that's what I mean I'm just like every
time like whenever in hand or made some
like oh we should do it and then I go on
to like right move I'm like looking at
all the houses called like okay and then
I go back to our town and look up our
place and like haha I want my acres of
land to build my playgrounds and you
know to be my bike tracks where would I
wear my Hunter boots deadly serious
you gotta view if you pop in a range II
know you're not I got you a farm thank
you I have two horses back at their farm
yeah but you got immediate ask before a
horse today she's like I'm gonna well I
have all you have to be to do horse
riding I think you can do it now can she
I think we should give her a go I think
we should let her try it maybe a
Shetland pony why don't you they're
gonna put her on a racehorse yeah no but
I think she might enjoy it like she
likes a Sofia well international this
room is in
oh look it's kept a little
anyway yeah so uh then you guys horse
riders what do you think how old's
Amelia she's three mm-hmm we should try
and look some operon hey we live in
horsey country yeah
for thin hand we should look it up you
should subscribe to horse in hand look
at harrods guys how crazy it actually
looks like the picture doesn't let up it
is I don't know if you can see but it's
right there
just just see beyond the crazy London
drivers but honestly it looks like that
picture postcard er yeah yeah
and I think it's from their bags as well
maybe it is so nice whatever would have
a ball blue it's just like these lads
oh those windows are so good I wonder
are they still all that gone they're
over sale sale selling the windows all
right this is what we're going Novikov
but we're going just to sites this
restaurant
there's two sorry every size every toy
but in the slider one beside we we want
to go to the Italian side but Sabrina
and Adam when I go today I know I know I
know but it's really the one I've been
doing the other kind of girl event I
think like I recommended it because the
other
so now we're gonna go to the other side
I like your spot to say the door look oh
I hope I can get the car really Adam is
giving us a lesson in chopstick
etiquette let's start with some wasabi
wasabi all right so we take up to the
savvy and we place it in the little bowl
of oil something
look at this behind
that's so cool looking alright then we
pick up technically Japanese we see that
it's better not to put the soil in the
soil
we'll find out tomorrow in the comments
if you're correct at any moment
she might have a baby during this vlog
though the alarms I'm ready I'm prepared
just get the chopstick there and I'll
just grab that bill I was gonna try this
now we deserve the cooked one sweet huh
like the professional came over and
corrected Adam loads and motor stuff was
arrived that was nice though but I felt
like it wasn't it was like uncooked a
little bit very well no it's good try
one no but that's the rule you have to
have you start with the raw and then you
slowly move yourself to the cooked to
like pink thing whatever that is that
goes that Adams jacket try one just put
the stare tuna on top of it
I hope I could explain you okay I am
this is my first time eating most of
these things here
it's amazing I mean anything's I've
never heard of before I'm not really a
venturi at that adventuring eager type
of person but I'm gonna try this it's
like a pink something-or-other
it's a dim song oh look at this look at
this thing it's pink it's really good so
what I do I dip it in here yeah you
dipped it in that one so that's why I'm
going with that one
I'm trusting you you're like you're not
gonna lead me astray here are you all
right
do you put the whole thing in holding on
one y'all
and explodes your mouth
all the fruits and veggies stuffing
their fishing off so crazy we just ate
some of that little chickens all right
we are going home and I lost her teeth
in the restaurant that's the other day
Invisalign risk from me but why didn't
have a baby so we're okay yeah a shrink
this trim as your baby
all right here so did you remember this
is my Range Rover and this is what I'm
gonna just bought me I can't believe you
bought me that Anna oh my goodness thank
you so much
I'm not gonna take it right now I don't
get me one too what why the p1 Christine
oh my goodness is nuts
oh my goodness look at this thing where
are we I know we're moving here whoever
this is this is where all my friends are
my car people
oh my God look at this thing look at
this thing it is a butterfly it's a
butterfly of love gone wrong way now
oh my goodness the things nuts that's
all off my birthday by the way guys they
don't wants to get me one so look out
for that title probably coming forget it
on the Turks OB the morning of the 13th
I'll wake up the McLaren on the outside
with the bow on it so probably under 14
to 14 in February look after that video
would be like my wife got me a McLaren
from a birthday or maybe it'll be like
all my viewers chipped in and bought him
anyway that was so oh man I get some
weird stuff who's just like I said
animals like cuz I initially I looked
through menu I was like I don't know
what any of this stuff is like Walker
Mama's cats you chicken I was like just
order things in the order like roses of
always so good
Wow some of the stuff is so good we were
we're all saying we need to go to Japan
or something like cuz the Japanese
feeling is so good so good so 2016 we're
going to Japan just for the food I hope
you enjoyed the video give it likes
comments subscriptions and favorites and
I'll see you tomorrow bye bye
