whereas wardo there he is oh no oh no
where's were no fun he looked like some
sort of a superhero whoa
Oh No thank you see you I guess I see
you Oh No
good morning friends it's me and wardo
we're in the garage
the empty garbage he emptied yards while
I was just cruising at his car
collection yeah the other car is in my
car still haven't taken my got anything
and charge it we killed it anyway we're
gonna sort this situation we have a
situation
one two three four cuz I mean he's in a
pack for oh is that it Oh No
doesn't seem like Eduardo like literally
literally all right if I brought media
in here
she wouldn't dare touch the mirror she
would like dance around and sing songs
and just be a married at the princess
this the fella comes in here has room
it's for everything he's giving
everything a good old kick and they good
old beaten huh munchkin Messer look at
him whoa what's that oh oh what are they
oh how can I enter myself how many ways
can i injure myself in this room how
much destruction can I caused is that
what you're thinking
oh yeah
down for the count you're all right
you're all come here come here come here
honey
for okay
didn't take you very long did it because
come on give daddy Cardo Cardo Cardo No
Oh telling you like I'm nothing like a
tiny little face though take our little
face Oh two seconds later he's gonna be
back to mischief like I'm you know now
what else could I do
what else can I do what else could I do
huh let's he needs with the math down
for the destructor trials destructor oh
you dream you hammering later Amelia has
said she's making you know video so did
you want to make a video did you want to
do one on this camera
hi guys sure we're making a video don't
like split green so we already have two
oh you make the wing well done you need
help come on you can do it all right
we've moved the mirror we've got rid of
the carpet the area stuff giving it a no
sweep itch now we're gonna line the
first thing we want to put the body max
one down first to line up with the
mirror to make sure the mirror stays
safe okay why no this job turns out to
be a lot bigger than we expected
we're gonna need to drop some help in
we're gonna need to drop some help it
we're gonna need to get Henry or no
Hetty we're inspiring confidence can you
turn heavy on no love with that hat on
heavy
now we have the first sort of section
done looks pretty good
Amelia and I have decided that we're
gonna play like how cute you look you
look so cute he's got a little monster
you've got your matching oven gloves too
much your apron I think that was a
present from my aunt
so to make this you'll need 350 grams of
Nutella
this is 65 grams of flour plain flour
1/2 a teaspoon of baking powder and 2
eggs okay good girl now this button here
listen up so you need to turn that oh
good girl keep trying to do it without
your gloves
you won't cuz you're only pressing this
knob so just try it to 180 other way
this way all the way yeah up more a bit
more yeah good girl that's it now we
need to prep our baking tin okay okay
push your no you need to get the baking
tin out of here
Amelia was that nice no Polly shouldn't
have one a white top is it nice did you
like the Nutella brownies they're in the
oven now now we just have to wait all
right I just realized that I unbeknownst
to me I made an ethnic dance studio art
oh you wanna learn to breakdance this is
why I don't wanna learn to breakdance
yeah come on come on over here let's get
some tunes on okay when you doing
something good luckily I have some
Linkin Park it JZ right
all right lesson 1 into RL you need to
learn the six step because the six step
is the step key to everything
I don't think Eduardo is ready you're a
wicked witch look dear are we gonna tell
it why do how we baked brownies he's
gonna be so excited after dinner right
oh look at you should we turn your
lights on we need to get lights for the
batteries for this no not that right you
don't need this light you can turn your
lamp look make it nice and cozy we look
so big look like a big boy don't you
let's turn his no we turn the lamps on
me now it would be nice and cozy then
it's freezing in here hello did you have
a nice deep I don't miss bossy boots eh
you okay come here let me fix your hair
I don't know look at your shadow right
let's get him up let's tidy up a little
bit I don't know Amelia I have some
information to share with you don't mind
the monkey did you know
Anna and Elsa aren't actually sisters no
tangled Rapunzel is actually Elsa's
sister twin sister yes
you see when Elsa and Anna's king and
queen were lost at sea they were
actually on the way too tangled wedding
did you know that yeah it's not amazing
and if you actually look closely at the
end of frozen you can see Rapunzel turns
up at the wedding and it's the first
time they've actually met hi Oh
Rapunzel's parents hid Rapunzel's mom
and dad sent Elsa to live in arendelle
to keep her safe so that the evil witch
wouldn't hate them it's a true story I
wouldn't make this stuff up my mind is
blown video it's been 17 minutes
watching it going what is this what do
you want to believe what I'm telling you
are you going to deny this is that ready
she's not ready to hear the truth we are
about what are we wearing a far away to
do you work so let's say like I want to
say like eight weeks maybe two months
six to eight weeks this is six to eight
weeks so three weeks after the
transplant all your hair falls out and
it's very emotional and very hard but
now we're on for six weeks you can see
that little fellas look they're starting
to sprout again once more it's still red
here I wonder how long it's gonna take
to go away because that's kind of
annoying takes three months for it to
fall out and regrow I have an
appointment them after three months I
tame to go and review the situation see
what's going on up there
so that's exciting when we hit the
Tremont stage and then again at six
months it should like thicken out again
across the whole sort of head area and
then at 12 months it'll taken out again
so it's it's a whole process a full
12-month process but in an ER of months
I'm excited for another month now
because I think all the shedding is done
and now it's just for a little while
there it went back to the way it was
before even started transform which is
very hard so when you guys thinking
about doing it gentlemen
it is but this is one of them look like
this is what it's gonna look like one
okay broke it I will be excited to try
different things this year which my hair
as it grows things I have not been able
to try in a long time
I might even use some gel have you used
gel to be believed in use gel do they
source it all like wax and like cool
things like that go do it
thank you dude you put your hands in it
is nice you put your hands in there put
your head in this match put your hand in
there is nice go put your hand is made
good good
go on Theo Theo he says this
hey Alex huh Liechtenstein hmm Wow
your mummy oh you look very fancy oh oh
that's original what little shoes what
so I'm gonna attempt to make this doll
hairspray for Rapunzel who's not here
right now
you actually look good it matches your
outfit I like that style on you okay so
we're gonna make it with fabric softener
and water and see if it works cuz her
hair is a mess
okay you guys remember yesterday when I
said the vlog is around us the the world
browser and me cuz looks 20 plus 16
equals 36 20 minus 16 equals 4 which is
immediately age this year yeah 20 plus
16 is 36 my age this year 20 minus 16 is
4 Amelia's age this year
this is ping well 20 my / oh no no what
can you what could you do what could you
do 7 6 plus 1 plus 2 is 9 29 this year
no you're not 29 this year yeah what I'm
gonna write to a 30 year old next year
it's just not gonna work for you I'm
sorry me too me yeah 6 plus 1 is 7 plus
2 is 9
it's the thing you need the two in place
to make it work for you if it was 2018
it would work because 2 + 0 2 plus plus
the 1 + 9 equals the 19 world revolves
around aunt Amelia hello my name is
Jonathan zucchini Jolie and the world
revolves around me
sorry about that lads what is that you
should check out this is a movie called
nines or look up the research of nine I
think it's nine is the number that just
turns up all the time everywhere it's a
bit mad you can get yourself totally
bogged down the numbers because they're
repetitive and everything we do in life
is mathematically based so it's weird
anyway check at that end slate that is
not what it's kind of is actually
mathematically based but look at that
that's me and me as a baby and Melia
holding her own hand I hope you enjoyed
the video presentation and give us know
like leave a little comment a
subscription if you're new remember New
Year's resolutions subscribe everyday
comment subscribe every day every day
the subscriber little dragons as well as
each of our breads bye
