guys are really concerned Amelia has
been asleep since last year
she's minutes sleep for an entire year
Amenia you've been asleep since last
year did you know that it's 2016 it's
hi Tracy yeah Happy New Year Happy New
Year you're gonna be for this year huh
Raja a note wine is gonna be to this
year
yeah you can now he no no he's not to
now he's going to be to this year this
is the year where returns to this is the
year Amelia turns four yeah click I got
fleet well you're three now yeah yeah
asshole you're gonna be for this year as
well yeah and full earthly yeah it's not
exciting not laggin no one's gonna be to
the hair done either yeah okay you have
to go first
and you have to try all the ages out
first and then you report back to Dwyer
and you tell them which are the good
ones yeah push anything you'd like to
achieve this year would you like to meet
anybody special whoo
Francesca you want to meet Francesca
this year okay we'll see if that can
happen anything else you wanted me on an
l2 this year okay anybody else oh yeah
you want to meet Olaf
anybody else
please stuff you wanna be Christoph
anybody else do you wanna go anywhere
special this year
you want to go to London
these are all very achievable goals for
2016 my friend well there you have it
folks
that is Amelia's resolutions for 2016
they are very exciting
presents there's no presents a New
Year's Day the press there's the
presence of a new year a brand new fresh
year unwritten untouched brand new you
can do whatever you want with the year
anything you want lads you can do with
it it's not exciting you've never walked
in these stairs in 2016 are you ready
first time first time in 2016
first time oh okay
first time saying good morning - Eduardo
2016 year ready 16 mommy I'm saying look
Oh new calendar 2016 20 plus 16 is 36
which is that he's aged this year it's
not mad the world revolves around me huh
oh-oh-oh-oh new he's got at that time
ready
Hey look at you look at you you're
trying to guess the oh I'm too old to
play these juvenile games you got it you
got it
oh yeah I got it gone straight need them
off
so it's bit of a New Year's tradition to
go for a big walk in the morning the New
Year's Day lads
you got a welcome in the new year huh
huh here music yeah there's an
ice-skating rink over there we should
totally do that I keep forgetting that
is my skating rink it's which is gonna
be over soon my two little munchkins huh
we are going lads normally we go over
there it's like a playground there's
like a pond roof up here's like the
mountains we're going to the mountains
you see the doggy wha
we're gonna go to the mountain look at
it this way we've never gone this way
well this Famer I have actually been
everywhere in this part but kids I've
never brought into the mountain when I
say mountain were talking a slight
incline surrounded by trees gives the
illusion of a mountain
apparently Elsa might be there I also
might be on the mountain so we got to
keep our eyes peeled okay guys your
Springs calling hands on the steering
wheel are we gonna race guys immediate
look Oh
ready ready ready ready
ready bricks again
meat is more concern to this mud on her
boots wha
get your hand up behind the pipe very
hand up I
so Josie jokes
I've just been licked - my face is just
being lit so much by Cena
so if it's shiny it's from it's not
moisturizer it's dog saliva
anyway Jonathan took the kids out which
I'm kind of feel kind of bad because I
thought he was just taking them out for
like just I think he said he was going
to uh not even the park I think he's
taking them I can't remember to like
either the park or like a forest or
something like that but turns out
they're not like a winter wonderland
thing and I feel really bad now cuz I
totally would have gone if that were the
case so I'm sure I'm gonna get a ton of
comments now being like you're such a
bad mom you don't do anything with your
family I just feel really bad cause like
I wanted to go I'm gonna do something
like that as a family but now I look
like a selfish meanie bum during my
workout all my family is off having fun
I'm going to make most of this time
because obviously I don't want to waste
it I've already wasted it a lot by being
upstairs on my bum um and it's quite
late now - so oops all right we have
ventured to the mountain who've made our
way to the mountain area are you gonna
make it up that hill Emilia I don't know
come here mister Eduardo has fallen a
couple of times already he's taking a
bit of fall damage I like it hands in
the pockets confident oh my goodness
alright it's very slippy I'm just gonna
test how slippery this is oh my goodness
this is seriously slippery lads I'm not
sure if this should be something that we
should attempt um
okay daddy's coming down
you've got this you've got this
Oh No Go Go
come on you can do it but Amita you're
almost there
you're their doctor there you did it you
did it you did it
few more steps you made it I like that
did you make it up
Wow huh that is a good start to the new
year if you can accomplish that
immediate you can accomplish anything
you remember that in life okay we're the
monsters I don't know check okay if
there's any monsters in this mountain
could they please stay away we need to
sing the spooky song
come on wait oh go away spooky monster
go away all right
oh no there's another hill time all
right
I'll meet you guys back at the car okay
don't be long
this is viral techniques it leave the
kids abandoned in the wilderness and see
if they survive oh look a bird oh it was
a joke it was a joke it was a joke it
was a joke why do you have mud on your
face is it joke
are you hungry well we're gonna have to
find some berries we're gonna have to
make a campfire see if you can find some
mice to eat or something Amelia and I
are having some afternoon coffee thank
you very much ma'am I'm actually having
my coffee though um and amelia is
pouring it from me from the teacup this
is what my afternoons have become
because she doesn't nap anymore naps are
no longer something that we do at age
three and a quarter
almost she'll be three and a half in
like March I think so she's not quite
three and a half oh yeah actually almost
three and a half but that's crazy so I'm
having my coffee which is just the same
one that I had this morning and then in
a while we'll wake Eduardo and we'll
have a snack won't we yeah but we had a
late lunch so we're not really hungry
right yeah all right lads so Anna's
downstairs FaceTime and Erica because
it's Erica's birthday today now we've
gone and done something for Erica that's
a bit of a surprise as a bit of a she's
just turned 18 today so I let's talk
about the phone to keep her distracted
they should be Simon let's kiss hello
18 year old oh my goodness here we are
on a wet and windy Fork afternoon but
can you go home for one second what what
thanks
oh no the connection gets lost
oh my no time oh this is no time for a
poor connection I've a present
I'll have to deliver from the secona
Jolie's in London okay okay yeah no hey
is your key measure key
comfy absolutely serious yeah welcome
now Erica you better bloody learn to
drive no excuses
you got your driving huh hi yeah I know
I found her I found her earlier on but I
was looking for the holes cuz I was
watching all the weddings afterwards my
fans are like buried in like a shrubbery
and Erica has sent us a million messages
she is so excited and happy that way
because I was there like a year or two
ago we said like oh we'll buy you a car
no we said we give her my old one the
Merc one yeah yeah yeah I never got rid
of that and then we were like oh it's
fine not the best no it's a big secret
big oh so big and like honestly it's
quite difficult to learn to try I mean
it was automatic but it's quite
difficult turn to drive in this video
will you have the Beagle remember yeah
the Fiat 500
it's a favour 500 I think yeah well yeah
we looked at loads and I'm try and find
like the perfect one with the inside and
outside and then we got add the guy who
actually filmed that he had he helped us
out we decided to get a UK one and
imported into Ireland cuz it's really
nice fun so happy for her it's red on
the inside it's so cool ready right
we're going we're out of here we're like
the Von Trapps sneaking at at midnight
on anything sure I tell Joe P Jones
where you don't you resent your mate I
can't you don't have to watch my 1e8
Wednesday to fight now
no you can do are you actually plugging
it okay alright jump across anna's video
and you can watch it again we find out
where we're going on our first day of
the year it's good
our two deer I reckon hi friends thanks
for watching the video house either
world or maybe I can see you right now
to the crack of your vitami we know I
will cross the road hi
and that's it folks first video of 2016
in the bag
what do you think weirdo was it a good
one you want an iPad you do love daddy
nor do you just love iPads mm-hmm
Amelia that was so much fun
sorting tonight for Erica oh my god is
that a month or something oh my goodness
all the back and forth trying to hook
that up but oh my god it was so cool
anyway thanks for watching the video
give it the likes and the favorites in
the comments and subscribe and I will
see you tomorrow Anna's here say why
Anna I oh jeez my friends
