good morning I Nevaeh a newbies it's
early in the morning not that early but
it's the morning time and I'm off to do
a workout no guys you can't come in here
um I'm off - oh my goodness
look at the mess I kind of feel like I
want to put these down hmm maybe I
should he's mad so Jonathan might kill
me I feel like I wanted to do that this
is the last time I am videoing this year
lads
I'm gonna make you know Jace all day
long but doesn't rework anymore because
I should have made this joke yesterday
yesterday oh look at a-put so she dirty
them kid only she understood how it
works these are the edges anyway if I
tell you guys my hundred boots arrives
look will you take it them damage what
you think of them look they have this
little like line thing running along the
side I think I quit cool oh let me in
trouble for that either quite cooled
aren't they buried it did yeah I love
the EM a nobody can see let's see if you
can get some Zuma chair folk ass you see
do I have this like stuff all on here
and then it's like I don't know it looks
like oh yeah I know it's like
engineering where it's like yeah it's a
man labeled a fanny boot I should start
horse riding
okay now sir does like oakum danga style
dude okay what I actually came in here
looking forward to saw to take the
Christmas tree down oh the guys are
coming today lads I ran them this
morning that I sent them an email
yesterday no reply and I was like just
get around a call I was like come to my
house so all this stuff is going today
fantastic news
passing news somewhere in here somewhere
hidden amongst all hello friends I'll be
internal I have to make a video today
all right
why did I make these commitments silly
commitments
did you see the song so I thought I saw
on to see see the song it's up here
let's see oh wait bandit fan oh it still
is a cover on it
hello Miglia hello to our door Brahms
as Eduardo's name is Davis da anwar go
it's a dough dough no is it confusing
for Christmas Treaty of 2015 it's time
to say goodbye but you've been a dream
you've made it very nice and smelly
indeed but it's time to say goodbye have
you peed on the tree ah she's good on us
why are you sad know what it's not
Christmas anymore
but it'll be Christmas again soon yeah
but you know what comes next what's the
next exciting thing to come and let's
fire up what ah-oh
tonight is New Year's but after that
what's the next big party celebration
whose birthday daddy's birthday who are
you excited for that is party are you
gonna try a surprise party for me yeah
yeah
I'm excited for that
I know it's really nice well done yeah
I'll take a bow take a bow yeah thank
you
okay come on Amelia's helping she's got
her a little bit huh doing your bitch
doing your bit for the cause I will
bring in all the leafy parts of to the
compost
Go Go Go Go V go V and a Happy New Year
are you gonna be able to make it up this
part oh oh
it's a bit slippy now don't slip whoa oh
it's good going all right over here
pop it in good job high five high five
boom oh sorry high five is a bit too
high five e we're doing a real good
shedding here like you guys have
Rochette your lives it's really good for
you
you get rid of all that oh we're gonna
answer is care of all things so when I
truck comes right around when I turn I
like mountains and stuff you just go
true cuz in light you like or and flag
so many things that you don't need and
then it's really good if you shed all
the things that you don't need you feel
like even mentally more able to go into
no no you're not dragging any
unnecessary baggage with you that's our
plan Oh would you grab that one oh hi
there helper okay alright let's set up
the camera so you can actually catch her
does that work there
if you go
look she's trying to actually go up the
hard way this is the way I get over
there it's a lot more difficult
you made it up the hard way good job
happy new year
footing and sticky sticky pudding so
this is Eduardo scrapbook it's so so
cute and it goes like fun logic you from
the beginning of the year until now so
let's open it up I got these on Amazon
by the way
I was trying to get a treat okay so it's
the woodland creatures one we've got
last Christmas when he was tiny so sod
that was Patrick's Day yeah Patrick hey
never mind not Patrick's Day Christmas
this was wait I'm just showing this this
was the letter that they got from Santa
Claus last year
this is Valentine's Father's Day an
angel for Christmas
wait and a snowman on Christmas use this
picture with paints and then his
Christmas card see he still has a few
more left but I think you have more than
him don't you and then it all just like
binds together and this oh there's a
media's one I was like in two minds
should I go to bed take a little power
nap or should I have a coffee and I was
so close I got this close look I put my
laptop and my phone down was gonna go
here and then I was like no I'm going to
power through into a bad time because I
know if I nap I'm gonna be messed up for
the rest of the evening and then I won't
be able to sleep tonight so I'm not
gonna do it but we definitely need an
early night tonight so what's the update
Oh coming the bins yeah 20 minutes cool
okay I'm excited
well what do you do with your life I was
gonna take a nap but now I'm like no I'm
just gonna have a coffee what he didn't
know car everyone take a nap no cuz I'm
gonna be messed up no what if you fall
asleep and you wake up next year exactly
I don't want to mess up this on a wage
we have to stay up until midnight
tonight oh boat is serious question oh
do we have to you know yours gonna
happen we're gonna be watching Jessica
Jones and let me go past midnight I'm
gonna fall asleep I can't I can't wait
that long
but anyway I'm going to
stairs and make myself a coffee and eat
some fruit salad and get some sugar into
me
oh sweet hood no not doing out too much
to do in my life I'm working 9:00 to
5:00
what a way to make living get in
dictature
did it better let's establish I know the
words no songs in the world but I know
that ever did it I think that's good cuz
look it's bad now when you kind of
neatly piled it up still looks like a
lot but it look as bad we're taking back
well as we're going in to 2016 with a
fresh mind the clear heads in a clear
life we're doing this you trying to tidy
Oh guys guys
the kids are revolted they locked me in
the cage okay I know those rumors and
Eduardo is in the cage what like taking
this too far
oh my gosh hmm thank you very much
thought it was trapped in there for like
that was nice at the end all right I
asked and snapchat fuel sensing videos
is what you need to click on videos
Jonathan not pictures I am
that made me laugh more than amigo
all right pick another one let's go fate
I know it's cute you know these people
are really funny my eyes okay the pilot
and you played frozen without me
ah which one was it I don't know which
one it was
um again this is so many right go sassy
Oh what oh it's such a shame we have to
wait until the new year
see what a shower happy 2016 friends
every 2016 wavy that's been and I went
did in the shower for a year thank you
for him who's had a shower for a year
Oh Meghan is so many fireworks they
started at about 22 and it's like you
just feel sorry for the dogs because
like they just go off and then a dog
just like freaked out because I hate
fireworks like and I don't wake up the
children don't wake up the dogs starfish
like the killjoys like that damn with
that sort of thing
anyway it's 2016 ads also I have a favor
to ask you
a while ago I let you in on something up
myself and I were kind of thinking about
and discussing and sort of like planning
something we wanted to do which was to
have another child and I just over I
just guys don't say to Anna she looks
pregnant because it's not really fair
and every time like she eats food or
something I had like in everyone needs a
commentator oh my god are you pregnant
like if you just imagine being in that
position of feeling like that like you
know they mean it's not very nice so
let's make a pact
okay we kind of let you in on that was
something that we're gonna do when we're
ready to share some news for you or tell
you what's going on we will both between
then and now it's 2016 right no more
things like that because it's not very
nice if nothing's happening or something
you know I mean so be nice she's my best
friend don't be mean to my best friend
all right we're going I'll see you guys
tomorrow or in a couple of hours take my
friend's boyfriend I filmed that video a
year ago isn't that mad it was a year
ago it was more different year it was
mad
Amelia fell asleep about asleep blasted
make up for a year anyway didn't mean to
end the year on a bit of a
Oh sad situation but you know sometimes
without knowing the whole children
knowing all the information that goes on
off camera you can I know it's not your
fault no one no one's plans your
mother's very excited not a stuff but
you know you can hurt someone's feelings
because you don't know the full story of
what's going on and you know we will
share eventually you know but just don't
currently at the moment anyway thank you
for watching the video don't forget to
hit the like button for the last time or
the first time this year the first time
at the like button let's start well
let's hit the like button every single
day in 2016
that's your new year's resolution okay
subscribe to see Tony Jody's attachment
here's resolution come here I watched
videos every day
leave noise comments that's the
resolution that'sthat's it 2016 I'll see
you later
fine
