good morning good morning it's early in
the clock a morning time being a minke
she wants to see the night bad was her
motivation
it's a Jim Lee exactly because sometimes
Santa Claus might want to come in too
daddy
just like Jill yeah Jared or Jackie
oh yes mr. moniker me
Oh what'll happen if mommy comes in I
better know I'm out oh but what about
daddy daddy lady I'm the iPad yeah okay
the bride is naughty that is a silly
naughty boy yeah we have a secret club
sometimes an immediate supposed to get
in for a nap she opens her door and she
sneaks down here to me mm I bet gently
all right Lacey is broken me he's broken
me yeah these things are killer dope
it's really good though designers turn
knives and suffer make her suffer
oh yeah so there's a Tough Mudder at
least you found the Tough Mudder yeah
April April we can do it why don't you
do with us okay absolutely no we can
make a team we got a team I'm gonna
charge you something yeah that's a good
idea
oh no we have to bloody do it fine this
is the head every part of me is a broken
man but I like the broken feeling come
on white oh you gotta go ahead and do
your workout with Bella and as I go
outside
Oh Anna sorry no thanks
you gonna watch your workout with your
sunglasses on is that the code that
they're the cool kids do it funny is
right it's sunny outside yeah yeah you
need your sunglasses like you can't
we're going at sunglasses I want some
for my cat with the waggly though you
probably can't get them with the cats
gonna do oh my did some multitasking
here so I'm playing some zombies my
brother I was waiting for him we're
gonna go into their eyes and we're gonna
shoot some zombies cuz it's the
Christmas holidays lads well I'm also
editing the vlog at the same time
multitasking just filmed a video for my
channel and it is a January sales haul
which I felt kind of out of it because I
already just filmed a Christmas haul so
I feel like that's a lot of hauls I
didn't hold a disclaimer in the
beginning of the video about how like I
don't just buy things all the time but
obviously I just wanted to make make the
most of the January sales and everything
that I buy is like really long term like
I always make I feel like I always make
smart purchases or mostly I try to like
make purchases that I know that will
last me forever or at least last me for
a really long time and I think if you
watch my videos like from the beginning
you know that I do wear everything that
I buy like over and over and over again
so yeah so if you want to see what I got
and check it out but I probably won't be
doing hauls for a while now let me turn
these lights off and go and see office
why do you want to go to daddy's office
I know what that what you think
so what you think
you think come to Daddy offer to play
all right bye I'm giving you delusional
sense of an office huh she's pulled out
all the punches you love me I'm your
best friend you want to just hang out
with me yeah yeah and if there happens
to be an iPad there I wouldn't be
against playing with it is that what
you're saying yeah yes
well ask the boss that's the boss lady
who's the boss he's the boss mom he's
the boss what's daddy that is the leader
mom he's the boss and that is the leader
you're Eduardo's leader aren't you right
I was supposed to take all the Christmas
stuff down today but Oh like no sleep
last night
no sleep I know what you're thinking
I do inside guys no sleep situation I
thought I don't wonder how you never get
that when your brain is just like 150
miles an hour and it's thinking about
like 7 million things I get that
sometimes I just couldn't sleep and I
just basically stayed awake all night
long with this super active brain going
a million miles an hour and I'm
suffering today for cause of it so I
would be Christmas the house possibly
tomorrow
Theodorus the odorous we adore you
Theodorus all right you want to be
carried in is this not what you opted
for no that was our kid that was our
fear that was our fear mr. because
something happens when they get washed I
think they turn into goo or something so
I wouldn't be a good situation what it
wardo although it might glue your mouth
shut keep you quiet for a minute talk to
me
what are we designing oh I know we're
doing a khabees what are we gonna design
what was the plan
okay we need to put them in the gun so
do you know what colors we needed more
colors we need it which one do you want
to make a hedgehog okay
we agreed we put the green ones inside
to the gun thing you need to put them in
one at a time yeah loads in them okay
that could be is going everywhere
come but the Aqua be it into the thingy
okay I I think there's going to be
regrets about these aqua beans
alright next color you are retired
that's all you added in in your tires
out do you want to take a break yeah
well I think a break yeah yeah that's it
it's a bit tough now to be honest like
waters gonna take off nice one look we
did the Hedgehog uh-huh now we need to
just add the water bit okay I have to
figure out how to work stone maybe it
opens do you squirt this oh okay so you
have to squirt it very gently onto our
Hedgehog okay very gently go very gently
is it coming out
my help my help you hold on to the
bottle do we get it on my head hey just
one drop at a time count to five one yep
that'll do
okay now check to see if it's all stuck
oh oh let's kind this stuff well how do
we take it off
what are these ones sitting over here
how do we take it off then can't if I
slowly once dry removed to be designed
they'll spray the back with water and
need to try our first aqua bead okay
what is it drippy oh oh no quickly pick
them up before the talkies get them then
you get this little fella over here
video never get this one here is a token
ears accepted it oh the streamer
they can streamer ah how's that you are
no with you was it you ah it's the worst
let's cheer suck oh I'm not impressed
with the little scouting wagons my foot
is still multifunctional though what are
you doing put either one and where's the
other little munchkin where's that her
as a munchkin
what who spa home l'homme he did throw
at me come on come on you know what time
it is you know time it is you know what
time it is
get your brother in there look at him
no no no oh my goodness then are both in
there huh when I make it snow my snow
let it snow let's know it's snowing in
the bathroom all right so it's kids are
bad it is late at night we have put the
bins out but it is like torrential rain
right there and has come to help we're a
little umbrella which doesn't seem to
work
Anna is dressed appropriately for the
rain I said if you got proper attire to
help me okay
this is my winter attire to put the bins
at this is Anna's winter attire to put
the bins out if you manage stuff from
Christmas and everything his place
attorneys will dump again and I found a
service that can come and take all this
stuff away though it's me Bradley by
paper Bradley this is Anna helping
putting the bins all right dark and
sinister
who pissed on the bin who pissed on the
bin bass look driving back Jim at how
can I help like how ruffler loving this
kind of seriously I've like half taken
off my makeup half not I've got little
like Einstein uh hello hi welcome to my
gym none of you better piss on my little
gym area okay because I actually lie
down here to do exercises yeah okay
anyway I did hire or like I looked at
hey out of that that's disgusting
I did look up a place that collects
garbage or rubbish and because we did
clear out the space discourage and then
it's like so much stuff we accumulate so
much stuff how is it even possible
I do not know hopefully we get to get
rid of this stuff soon doggy doggy doggy
doggy I always get so scared of them
very especially newbies you just got
we're here this just got worse it got so
heavy
Oh are you finished the models you guys
know T oh and uh thanks my motto oh
really really
I've got bare legs I like leave don't
you make of that Pookie Bianca go away
like a song wouldn't you see that song I
just think of you are yeah cuz like
anytime you start you say go away or
anyone says go away he just starts he's
like go away Pookie one
you know don't you you are such a little
minx you know not are you trying to wake
everybody in this neighborhood is that
you're doing
did you know that hood is short for
neighborhood the hood I didn't know in a
good neighborhood
I think about that boy is in the
neighborhood what where we go like mice
is different of an Instagram business
like look this hood or something if I
was like oh my god Emma's done ghetto
and that's it lads that is the last
video I will be uploading in 2015 heart
heart heart heart heart I'm making those
jokes all day long all day long I should
be making this is the last thing I'm new
this year
oh my goodness and I have a special
video you watch the other special video
you may have watched it already by now
it's like a recap of 2015 it's an
amazing video presentation it's
emotional and it's amazing and I think I
put it in this channel I haven't done it
yet so I'm assuming I have done it
otherwise I am sounding like an idiot
right now
hope you enjoyed the video give us
comments subscriptions and favorites and
things like that and I'll see you next
year
