with ecology the banana bunch pretty
good this I get it
I'm not afraid of the dark go away
spooky monster go away I'm afraid uh
stick up and shake a lot of it does your
little reader huh that's because Amelia
reads books every single night that's
why she's good at it huh
you're very clever you're probably more
clever than me which would be a problem
in later years when you're at night baby
bear yeah it's not that's fine at all
which is so pretty so it's okay okay say
your best hockey you try to eat her sake
opener sake
what except we're saying that but the
Christmas a directory whoa hmm Randy
pants you're a smarty pants too mr. an
yeah yes you are yes you were
what cap now we're gonna help mommy put
chopping away good warning odyssic hurry
hurry
ah just what I need it malted milk
biscuits
yeah cuz I'm like I remember about that
before
or is it cuz you thought they said
Maltese and you got excited what oh yeah
maybe chopping all oh alright
these are amazing eyes these pnn
biscuits you're not supposed to eat it
they're for kids Brock you like Brock
look it's like at a wedding bouquet
wasn't anyone ever use broccoli instead
of why is the fridge off more than one
blocker oh is a date night again what's
in it course what else what other jokes
could I make a joke simulation today is
the last day of the Christmas breakfast
see this thing here alright this is so
good but we always get the red Christmas
time was the last is right every 40
instead of porridge or anything if you
see like the corner of these big
panettone and my coffee obviously what
today is the last day of breakfast
oh that ha ha that Christmas breakfast
then we're back to normal so plus the
Christmas pooch lights it's time to
start the workouts it's a baby I'm
having a baby
look I'm just got like what January yeah
oh nice one yeah here we go
time to get fit again after ruining our
bodies over Christmas time so this is
the one that I was working on for the
last few months right this mnz they hit
work out right so we've changed it up to
this one here which we're doing a lot of
sort of more mid body up working areas
you know so feel like quite good about
my most of my body but this little
Poochie area here you know I mean it's
like
it's been a long time since I had like a
rip like six-pack or something as Lucy's
like can you actually like in your
mid-thirties can you have like a
six-pack ends up feeling ya death oh no
I was like let's do that let's develop
the new worker thing so it's a lot of
like punching to keep the hit up as
squats shoulder presses lots of burpees
press ups loading like so there's a full
set of like 20 of prisoner squats men
and climbers press ups great key 50
burpees and hopefully we'll see we'll
see maybe one of my playlists and you
might be old beech whoa
mysterious girl let your body close to
mine probably not
haven't been able to do my makeup or get
ready property yeah I am dressed so that
that's an improvement but Amelia's
watching bolt is it good you don't like
it is it a bit scary I actually love
this one I thought it was so funny and
Eduardo what are you doing oh you're
doing a poo okay don't put your toys in
there cuz I'll get thrown in the bin
see let's take him out and let's put the
milk back in okay good boy yeah are you
doing a poo poo okay kind of dream a
little bit of spring cleaning which it
doesn't even spring is that it's winter
 after Christmas post Christmas
cleaning because the place is looking a
little bit a little bit messy I kind of
can't wait to take down the tree at this
stage I know it's really rich like of me
but you just get to the point
I think after Christmas you just get a
whole load of new stuff and it's just
like a lot it's a lot of stuff I got my
new diary by the way guys
my new planner it is so nice hello
so this is the one I went for these are
the ones that I wanted last year but
they were all sold out the foil one so I
got the gold foil on like a cream or
white background and then this was last
year's one so you're brushing your hair
Wow
okay that might not be a good idea
because that's my laptop so thank you
thank you very much
and why did take all of the toys out of
the basket and then he attempted to put
them all back well he didn't really do
that well okay come here
I think you've done a poo so I need to
change you all right okay that's a
punishment for today has been achieved
one day closer to the peach pie
this year though oh I get into the Sun
I'm finishing off this thing today cuz
it's sunny you sure that we go to
Sorrento I'm gonna have a beautiful full
head of hair this is way easier right
now can you see him in there
I don't think again and I have six by
eight 20-pack hi wardo did you see daddy
I know you doing you're my favorite son
I have to admit it sorry my favorite
human son okay
what did she done no no I mean they are
Thomasina Saucony Joanie did you put a
sticker on yourself
why do you want mr. ruin everything
why missed you in every moment that's it
you you for sale done deal one Maltese
Bianca reduced due to barking and
general annoyance oh so didn't want to
do a workout today like I don't know I
think it's just the Christmas Oh
hibernation period or something and I'm
just not out of it yet whoa my makeup
looks good in this light looks very
flawless which is ridiculous because I'm
now ready to work out I actually prefer
working out with no makeup on but
because I am filming and all that stuff
I just it's part of my routine I just
get ready put my makeup on like in the
beginning of the day and so if unless I
get my workout done and out of the way
in the beginning of the day I usually do
wear makeup but I prefer not wearing it
because obviously it's not very good for
you of your sweating and stuff so anyway
but yeah it was that or just don't work
out and I was so leaning towards not
working out like Oh makeup on I'm like
it's later in the day whatever a blob of
lab but then people are always like your
videos motivate me so much to you
motivate me so much to work it so I kind
of feel like responsible now as well and
it always makes me feel better so that's
the one number one tip that I would give
you guys which Lucy said in a video of
hers and it really spoke to me like how
to get motivated to work out think about
it this way what bad could come of you
working out today like there are
absolutely no negatives that could come
from your working out today and that is
the god-honest truth like if you think
about it what are the pros and cons to
me working out today well the pros I'll
feel better I'll have more energy I'll
like myself better I feel better about
myself
I'll feel like I accomplished
thing I will be able to eat an extra
mince pie today you know like there's so
many positives that come along with it
my heart will be healthier I'll be
healthier I'll look better in the long
run I'll feel better bla bla bla
negatives zero
there's no negatives I could I might you
could say like oh I'm gonna be really
tired after well no you'll actually feel
more tired if you don't work out alright
it'll help her man you gonna help that
II will have boots and we have gloves I
got well he's on we're not going that
way we're going this way we're gonna go
this way instead I know we normally go
it that way when we're going on
adventures but today we're going this
way
yeah come on come on alright so first
right in ages but as you can see we did
great progress here and then we stopped
and we got as far as here but look at
the difference it's amazing looking okay
so we're just gonna blast this here
wardo I'm going to do trying to really
really fast before lunchtime is it and
we gonna do a committee or punch it boom
yeah let's do it
having a little nap it wide it was
exhausted I can tell and amelia is gonna
have a little play quietly in her room
aren't you yes okay yeah look at his
face can you tell me so tired
yeah no in one bit yeah because she was
kissed by a troll was she was she kissed
by a troll or did Queen else I do that
to her that's right but she dreamed she
was kissed by a troll yeah yeah now what
about the loo well how will you tell me
if you're up here
I'm sure okay come on a dry notes go to
bed say night-night media okay
no we'll take Anna we'll take Anna okay
say night-night media I've got new bed
covers and we've got the gate up again
and put bail sign Pez because a certain
somebody kept getting out of bed and I'm
making mommy and daddy very tired so I
think I need to change your nappy do I
oh we got new bed sheets by the way
they're really cozy they were meant for
Christmas of course but I'm just doing
everything so late I didn't even take
them out of the pocket until tonight so
well I wanted to use that in person
like that really soft flower material oh
it's done lads done it as you can see
that's much better and if all along here
that looks pretty good pretty tasty
everything plugged back in turned off
this is not so much better oh my
goodness but as a serious serious amount
of work and so cooper-cooper but I am
NOT a half-door I've just complex about
half doing I'll tell about it someday it
seriously I didn't have to I completed
the task
I'm a completer very pretty the queen is
coming the Queen and hurt her your teeth
no she has no what does she go I don't
know corgis that is tough alright come
on scootch open screech Oh transport two
children one dog one back very fat dog
it's not like his movie
vo we were in such alright you think off
it oh absolutely
Bianca's just jealous because newbies is
on top the child whoever's at the back
is going alright dog oh geez careful
guys and that's how you burn off your
mashed potato oh I wonder how many
pushups I could do with the two kids
sitting on top of me that would be a
good workout technique workout with kids
exercise plan with children like house
actually work out with your kids like
putting them on you like doing like dad
man squads the prisoner squats while
like lifting or oh yeah Polly keeping
your shoulder while doing that oh my
goodness
much not liking and burpees while
jumping like start drumming over the
trial during each one or Turkish sits
while sitting up and time a human no
that is a terrible idea
terrible idea hope you enjoy today's
video presentation friends um only a
couple more till the end of the year
that's bad that's Maja's wish anyway
give us the likes the comments and the
subscriptions and I'll see you tomorrow
