the kids are wearing their new outfits
from Jules I mean you don't to figure
out fit Wow look how cute you lose and
what does your top say yay yay that
color looks so nice on you that
turquoise she's doing it Wireless Elf
puzzle
yeah Edouard was wearing his new top as
well it's like the one that opens its
mouth but fit Henry actually it looks
really good on him so are you going to
say just still play yeah and what'd you
do to your nose in your lips yesterday
gonna tell everybody what happened yeah
but what happened it was clean the tile
everybody I got home you got one I get
help
yeah but tell everyone what happened you
fell on your yes she has had her fair
share of accidents but that's what
happens when you're a child as I have
treated myself to her anus also don't
look this is like basically
storyboarding for the next book that I
always bringing to you this year but I
treated myself guys to these amazing px
Bowers and Wilkins headphones oh my
goodness they're so good well I haven't
tried them yet apparently apparently so
these are amazing I have been using for
the last year or two beats the studio
beats I'm ready to experience wireless
technology oh she's opening on it's so
good they're so good and the wireless
they look so nice I can't hear anything
hello can you hear me I might drive you
or I might just drive you out to the
woods and leave you there and then as a
like a test to see if you can get home
yourselves kids are off again on another
adventure you guys are having the life
this way to say
you going Africa all right now I mean if
you know the magic words to open the car
what how does that happen
it's magical okay so we're looking for
is one of these do you want the scooters
well the defense is still holding it
means you don't have fence had fallen
down last night in the storm you know
it's very scary
cool man tear the whole fence spell
there day yesterday
wow it's very scary and it has a new
addiction and has a gambling problem so
I've been playing this game for like a
year or two and then I came across it a
few weeks ago
no not even a week ago okay do you
amount of money she has spent on buying
bloody tokens or whatever at all what's
the game called again home scape homes
gates there's Gardens games as well yeah
we're could played because sometimes he
like you you get all the coin you get
all the points to do something and then
he breaks it or he knocks a cup over and
then he's like oh stop everything guys
we're gonna spend a day cleaning up this
mess
Sana's probably spend a few hundred
pounds you get me the email so new
addiction new addiction but look this
lovely card arrived for a party you mean
it is going to be a few days it's really
nice though isn't it yeah it's all like
the ferry has a tRNA
yeah like well kinda she's a crab it's
think what's didn't in a crown in a
tiara
what no crane in the back yeah
hello
goodbye both are open but in here
good morning and again my little
friendly his friend my new little friend
Mia's friend oh my goodness Tufte mm-hmm
no my caring you I have you've got hair
you can talk your final on did you have
a nice meet you think hmm you still
asleep you still asleep you know what
happens when you wake up well you don't
actually wake up in you're still asleep
you're just confused oh we're going
we're going for me
so joy you're the Qod it's a journey
yes it's Joey she's the security dude
you gonna hit me
okay okay I need to put Cena back in the
cage or else go outside gonna go outside
aka eight and she's wearing her little
outfit from Jules mess right now
she is obsessed with the dogs screaming
at them and I caught her leaning in for
a kiss from feel like she means in the
book and then sometime she opens her
mouth with yeah do you love me you love
doggies dougie
every time I can I not pull she like
goes and does it again no be nice okay
you know that you must be so annoying
for him
you do realize that don't you spoorthi
oh honey like although he would move if
nicely nice chin tongue feels like the
best dog
for this I'll be okay no don't pull his
hair that's mean okay let him do that
with her buck he owes fine I seen us
fine Nevaeh days all right but like I
wouldn't be a hundred percent with her
being his fine new visas all right as
well like they're all pretty fine with
kids but alby's just not at all okay
that's gonna hurt you know you're
pulling his hair and there's Nevaeh now
like kniffen I don't think the veil
would wait or like just not I think she
would just growl okay you've just taken
out a big chunk of his hair no okay
that's not very nice that's not very
nice no now see what's gonna go away now
because that's not nice okay okay
see not you could pull her hair all day
and she would not care okay don't lick
the baby's face no do not Oh seriously
please don't look she's doing it on
purpose just like watching me and doing
that like making like no is naughty
that's naughty - okay we're ending this
session okay we're ending this session
plus the dogs are going to the vets
later anyway get Amelia you pick your
own now if you carry dogs around so all
the doggies are going to the vets now
wish you could does she not want to go
to the vets maybe
yeah well you know sometimes when you
going to the doctor's you get a scare
don't you well maybe when I guess
duuude the best cat we don't have a cat
what you've a cat in my room thank you
for seeing a cat in your room and
everybody let's go I got four guys my
toe for alright let's all go to the vet
CEOs careful dogs hey hey look this is
my hot day phone look that way oh my
goodness
be careful of dogs bring all the kids to
school
alright we're here now go slow but any
banker really okay
oh geez it's gonna be mayhem are you
ready
all right let's well done well done
everybody
yeah well done everybody
all right who wants to get in the car
huh wants to get in the car all right
hop in
I think they just want to go home
Quentin what did you have fun at soft
play did you play softly or did you play
hardly or did you hardly play at all
Oh softly Oh
don't step on no no that is not what was
happening that is not what we ordered oh
hey fired up say konichiwa hey Roy
listen
the job is trying to lift me you can't -
jumping on me would you stop building me
you are not I'm not a trampoline oh my
god I I do not really change I do not
keep said to be a trampoline guys I have
something super exciting for you guys
it's very exciting we need to go
upstairs no it's a shower it's a shower
of power for half an hour
with Jack Bauer boom sing songs not a
being a better parent
Alexa play hallelujah Alexa Alexa Alexa
Alexa sing me a song assume what's
happening what's happening so two days
ago a second blankie bear appeared and
then tonight to spot books have now
appeared so wait a second guys right now
you're wearing blue polar bear pajamas
you have a blankie bear in a where spot
book Amelia you were in blue polar bear
pajamas with a blankie bear and a where
spot book does need to call Mulder and
Scully
this is a case for the x-files if you
are ran in the 90s you would have got
that reference and you were taught that
was hilarious
oh we okay we'll do both just because I
love you guys and I just don't want to
fight the break ash so let's do both of
them
so first we'll do a where spot book
that's like an aperitif and then Amelia
wants to pick one in a farm your tale
books wait what
what's going on here wait how many books
do we do what what's going on oh geez
she's following me guys
