eight children what else do you want
switch oh wait what does the way to say
hehehe
okay but she does it a bit scarier than
that doesn't she ready
I'm literally been doing this all
morning okay ready
whatever you do don't run away
mommy's tired now hello friends
it is the boxing name or Stevens's day
or whatever or it's just Saturday the
26th of December for some but I have a
plan let's do rangy Yeol and row for the
kids brain in there I was gonna bring it
out look at me I look hilarious
I got my boots on boats pretty skinnies
and it's jacket and so I just think I
look hilarious I can hear a little water
over here calling for me hello Eduardo
we're gonna go and take the car out yeah
you look really cute in your little
little straps no no no no no you can't
go out there yet that is just checking
to see if the car still works okay I
think it's fully charged but I need to
just check okay okay we'll wait for
daddy their water weight there no no no
no no no no put in put in go boy go boy
you stay there for me thank you thank
you won't be long okay
how do you think that is so much fun
little guy in the vision all right let's
put the rangy in there Angie so many
ranges inside ranges drunk presenting
Queen Amina Oh little man hold the
finger did you not sleep at all last
night
Oh every hour and hour huh
I find come on troops
all aboard we've got multiples of
children's ready to go we need to put on
some sort of entertainment feature for
the children's I'll hit the font source
TV I was so not gonna work out yes well
actually was planning on working out
sorry yesterday's Christmas Day because
I get to Monday I normally work at like
the weekdays and not the weekends
because who wants to work at the
weekends even though today is the
weekends but I'm just making up for it
cuz I missed let's see so I skipped
yesterday which was Christmas Day and I
skipped Monday as well so I will end up
working that era this weekend but it's
not so bad because I kind of really want
to get back into it
so basically yesterday I was kind of
planning on it and then we ate our
Christmas dinner I was like I'm not
moving anywhere felt so full but it was
so worth it and so good so I'm gonna do
my workout now Jonathan was kind enough
to take the kids out which was so nice
of him he's like totally super dad
because neither of us got a lot of sleep
last night I'd say we both played
maximum got like four hours like
honestly it was crazy and you know I
took them this morning when he was
editing and then he he took them out
just now so that I could kind of like
get some time to myself which was so
nice of him because his time to himself
was really just been working so anyway
um he's the best dad look at all of our
Christmas rubbish like recycling how bad
is that anyway I'm gonna do my work it
now and hopefully I'll feel a little bit
more energized because I'm super tired
five i watch every photo okay you ready
where it'll be careful don't stare oh
haha
the rap
the best fun
Yeah right so funny
it's so funny everybody who sees the car
like turn thinking she's the queen or
something
okay car Warren has been put back in the
car now the kids are going for the walks
yes the car is fun but it doesn't tired
her house hello me are you waving at
everybody
yeah who was like wait went back and
everything she look so funny and cute so
she definitely think she's the queen you
know we brought our dad's car now ready
this is our devilish plan lads we're
gonna tire to mesh with the car and then
we're gonna make them go asleep for the
rest of the day
dried out there running in opposite
directions they're running out the
direction which trial do I love more
just got ready for the day and I am
gonna head downstairs now and have lunch
with the kids and don't think I can hear
their back now it's also my
grandmother's birthday today it's her
86th birthday and I'm so sad I can't be
with her today it really sucks like her
birthday's always been obviously so
close to Christmas so it's kind of an
awkward one like it's the day after
Christmas but she is kind of like set in
her ways a little bit I mean she is in
her 80s so like it's not like I blame
her anything but she likes to do the
same thing over and over and over each
year so as we've moved here we've been
here the last two years or like you know
this year and the last one we haven't
seen them like we haven't seen her on
her birthday so it's kind of sad and
wishing her virtually a happy 86th
birthday and obviously I'm gonna call
her too but I just wanted to say it on
here
Jonathan's cutting up some turkey for
sandwiches and CBO is helping they're
not call Stephens a sound engineer look
I'm gonna taking my nan defrost them now
that's what I'm for dinner all of them
did you go to a park in your car did you
have fun get some mitten you know what
did you wave at everybody yeah that's
why I'm so proud of you I missed you so
much oh dear wasn't right Rhonda mission
lands you Andy you and me we're on a
mission we're gonna find ourself some
custard and some cream that's the dream
if we can make it out reality I was
pretty good that was that was pretty
good
oh it's good nice the doctors are how to
make a light again
we can all adjustable light over your
lenses fish is a visual aid right there
let's steal the light that's very bright
okay anyway
wait we're gonna have to find some
custard cream Morrison's Tesco
Sainsbury's as the waitress they're all
closed what it is to me so there's a
couple of corner shops I'm gonna try and
hit up see if we can find the cream and
the custard more the custard cream is
for the kids and on a cluster this for
me because I lovely close to it all
right wish me luck in my endeavor
look second dancing
I guess that's constrain never seen no
one before in at 10:00 beggars can't be
choosers that was an extremely
successful trip
what yeah the thing exploded you know
what else it is today guys in the United
Kingdom in Ireland it's same pot and st.
Stephen's Day I know st. Stephen's Day
we're in the United Kingdom never seen
golf Boxing Day I figured that you know
what comes in boxes pizzas come in boxes
so we should have a pizza party Saturday
night
pizza party Friday night pizza party
Friday night you're fighting a party
Friday night no beat the party Friday
night can you say you wanna sing it
pizza party Friday night and don't
forget the custard that's intense that's
kind of weird but anyway beggars can't
be choosers so enjoy the pudding and the
custard and the pizza party Friday night
now Eduardo be honest hit me now
did you eat any chocolate doughnut don't
lie to me did you have a chocolate
doughnut I'm gonna think of my friends
not my friends is yesterday's wrong
cheese they tell me guardo you like
broke out the chocolate doughnuts she
started putting the chocolate into
millions lasagna or pasta cheese day oh
my goodness I mean it you know what you
need mr. you need a back a chocolate
bath and then I lie down for five
minutes and it turned out that it was
actually 1700 hours 17 million hours
actually yes 17 million I know 700
million hours anyway yeah because we've
broken the children the children are
broken
okay they no longer sleep they're still
running off Christmas energy I don't
know how long Christmas energy lasts for
but I tell you what it's still going
today oh my goodness I don't even know I
think we need to get them a treadmill
just put them on a treadmill at night
trying tired
little monsters a opioid video I give us
now like comments subscriptions if
you're new and I'll see you tomorrow
friends if I am still awake
bye trance
