okay
did Santa Claus come did he bring out
the presents
what you mean he came down to us at
about 6:00 a.m. this morning with two
two stockings worth of things okay then
the two of them did shoe it did shoe
boys a sick thing start up your chakra
for breakfast
oh my goodness nothing the anything
Eduardo's in Russia abruptly what no no
you gotta wait you gotta wait in media
no peace no peeking no peeking
okay have a look at peek okay but that's
it back upstairs
back upstairs no peeking hey stop it
no peeking no peeking back into the bed
back into the bed oh my goodness even
more present hey he can't have another
one oh my goodness is he trying another
what I mean yeah oh my goodness you two
so what's it's time to bring you ah well
it's wired Oh Cannon and a doll Oh
what's going on here you guys trying to
teach you guys turn a peach oh you guys
trying to peek downstairs
what well let me just check to see if
they're still okay hold on let me just
give it a little check here now mm-hmm
mm don't know if there's any presents
there for me now what are you doing you
can't sneaky peek what Santa Claus come
master which mean come on let's get
though what you need you can't come
downstairs and grab presents interview
one do you really want to open presents
yes actually starting yes if not we go
yeah coop in there let's open them come
on guys what you have to wait for mommy
I've to wait for mommy but oh my
goodness she officially knows about
Christmas time huh even have the
difference in her last year because what
hey wait a second wait a second what are
you dude openings hold on what his name
is - man
Nevaeh are you in a fair no put the
snowman back in cuz I like so and what
oh my goodness
it's time to eat food and drink your
milk to reverse the terrified like
chocolate like 6 o'clock in the morning
they're nuts
oh did he leave some leftover oh yes
some of the carrot as well Anna drank
all the milk we have to wait till mommy
comes just one minute
let's hold on right out Oh they've got
nuts life children I've got lots
they've lost this they lost their minds
that pink ones pink is a media Luis
Eduardo and their gingerbread is for
sharing so we would who do you want who
goes first Eduardo Amelia Oh a me no way
what is it anemia
would you get
Wow what is a play-doh you got my little
pony Play Doh is that what you wanted
now why does 10 weirdo weirdo right oh
what's this Pardo emedia what's it right
again Mickey and Minnie too close
mes turn to it moni's this is a pressing
forward oh you open rip it off rip it
off rip it off what do you think it is
guys wait a second play-doh
hahaha oh I am trying to open it in it
oh that's so cool you could make new
things in your kitchen you can do the
shopping you've got your own a cat oh
look your head yeah but girl boy next
present
oh sorry oh my goodness to media what is
that what is that in media what is that
in media
what what it's a cycle Mickey a silly
Mickey whoa what your toy manufacturers
do this to us why are you doing this to
us like the children are screaming for
the doll and I'm in here doing some sort
of the surgery situation to try and
figure out how I'm supposed to you can
get the doll out of the thing oh I just
I just pull this little corridor
something we need to figure out a better
way of packing toys or something get
this mess of some tape and like plastic
things smeared you want to open it cuz
otherwise daddies can open another
battery two batteries oh my goodness do
you guys know what that is you're right
thank you look at why no walkie-talkies
voltage you can have these in each
other's right you can talk to each other
oh my goodness what weight is that aqua
beads right a peanut butter and then
what you do
or you get some more aqua bees
no can you have more aqua bees oh that's
so cool I've never heard of aqua beans
until Amelia last week started telling
Santi about aqua beads you didn't know
what these could possibly be what do you
think it is black out on me look at the
carnage guys this isn't serious carnage
okay so we opened all our presents to
each other but we decided not to like it
it's all boring stuff what I do they
look like Michael Jackson okay why don't
can you help daddy open his present no I
need some help guys I need some help
with this present okay I think they're
robot retired no way only play with
cards yesterday today we all gonna like
skim some choice is a pretty big coin
over
who let the dogs out boo-hoo-hoo
who let the dogs out poop poop poop oh
it's Christmas Oh No so I run dog I rock
okey-dokey it is trying to drink some
wine oh my goodness this thing is for
you fry oh okay okay
oh no you don't want a plate on the
bloody thing no but you just I'm trying
to put it
before I was going what's gonna happen
Mike owes it well like there's old
turkey juice okay thank you seriously
you've got a dog in your head
you bought em all right
what yeah that's why I picked it it's
cool
Miller mm you saw open the last oh
that's why you do you have to play the
games I'm gonna play the games I'm sure
I know will reveal to you all the things
that you got from Christmas at some
point in their life sure okay backpack I
got I got a backpack and a
remote-control car it was the best good
than ever you got Michael Jackson jacket
yeah and a new top and I need jumper
yeah I know I know washbag cuz my oh you
got I got Bryce the Obama grown-up go
rope pulled up anyway let's get this one
to go yeah it is nice you don't even
need to wear earrings anymore alright
put this in the oven for 17 years last
year we did it we have em a little
guideline that helps us but it was like
starting at 11:00 with dinner at 2:00 so
we're gonna start at 9:00 for dinner at
12:00 because the kids have been up
since like 6:00 o'clock single it's nice
to put him in five not sure immediate
came in it was like this lot I'm gonna
say this has been the best Christmas
morning I've ever experienced in our
family life like Amelia like was so
excited when she came in right side out
and here was like half asleep but she's
going like oh I get it now
oh wait I got another one of these oh oh
yeah I remember that he was going she
was like she was like oh and another
she's like oh and more chocolates I
suppose yeah I suppose
okay okay fish guy nope Eduardo was in
our bed already because he woke up with
like and she opened like Oh
like chocolate owl and then two of them
were like sitting in the bed they
thought that I didn't know yet and he
was like mom and she's like this and
he'd go I think she's like bring about
yourself and they thought I didn't know
and I like turned around I was like what
and she was like are you eating
chocolate mr. Keatley don't you so which
one they couldn't believe they were
eating chocolate like no I am alright
and then I didn't know there will be a
crash so they're watching some Disney
movie yeah there was a bit of it oh
pretty bad oh we would mimic any pop and
you pop my little friend
oh boy now do this again dear little
sausages and only go and then oh by my
widow at 10:00 we cover it in foil okay
a couple of hours later me and Amelia
are very busy here building our Sofia
castle there's Olaf we have them to
clean up which is fantastic so there's a
bathroom here we've been very busy dough
with all our new toys
it's nearly different goodness it is
almost in space to time so currently we
have the turkey in there and we have the
stuffing in here Turkey's coming out now
half 11 turkey comes out I'm no idea
what's going on here sometimes there are
just lots of dogs in the cage empty the
goose fat roast potatoes into a slightly
greased baking tray and your honey
raised carrier to try and parse this and
move okay take the pigs in the blanket
out of the freezer yeah where are they
where are they oh that's harsh pigs in
blankets love it love it love it love it
love it love it it's dinnertime
whoa they're all amazing can't wait for
this where this this this this this and
last of all is I used
pasta it's not pasta today mate you men
all right Amelia me uttermost let's get
some dinner
check it out guys don't touch let's go
congressman this is got brandy and Kanye
yeah Charlie so mean I got him right art
rice ready pudding
we made birthday I got him AB Christmas
pudding like really yeah really
you're so annoying than attendance wait
you took a lot less than me now I feel
like a piggy well I don't get drunk as a
skunk on Christmas
come on just think of it more so I don't
feel that bad anyways so um I got him
one and like I don't even really like
pudding and he got like looks at any
like okay so next time maybe if you get
the one without the brandy and I was
like there's your video the camera so I
can tell the story no this is Jules
logging my friend newbies you've been
everywhere long enough I'm sorry
dismissal not unfair that's what
happened it's not and I've been a big
old baby right the creams clean oh yeah
double cream all away across the scaling
third baby is a super baby yeah and it's
a long time later we had math we had a
second lunch again we have some
chocolate we are going to have bats
children are going to bed apparently but
they've eaten like froze and they've
eaten chocolate all day long what have
you eaten today yeah chocolate how much
chakra have you eaten today
hey a lot yeah yeah your chocolate at 6
a.m. this morning and then constant
chocolate all day today all day long all
the live long why is it just frozen
everything frozen everything alright
well did you have a good Christmas
Amelia I consider myself an experienced
person when it comes to Christmas I am
expert
enjoyed 35 Christmases
35 this is my 35th Christmas has just
ended now and I must tell you guys out
of the 35 that I've had before today was
definitely gonna go down and probably
one of my favourite Christmases ever I
had such a happy Christmas of my
children ah I mean it was so excited
this morning and Eduardo so excited and
I love my wife and I love my family I
love you guys and everybody and it is a
really good day today
I really enjoyed you guys the meaning is
all ready to make a tutorial Oh nuts so
I hope you guys had a good Christmas as
I have had a good Christmas in 2015 I'm
what week 2016 oh we meant even better
because like it seems with children
children are like a good wine they get
better every year when they age all
right let's get out of here we're gonna
say goodbye friends
and that my friends is our Christmas
and our Mayo SH is so much fun oh my
goodness although you know what I've
learned from next year because I didn't
anticipate
Amelia's excitement I think I need to go
to bed on Christmas Eve with a camera
and have it set up so when she comes in
in the morning because like who is so
funny she's going through her and her
Santa stuff and which is the
conversation she was havin it was so
funny it was such a full day like
seriously I love that Christmas that was
so much fun like in excitement in Amelia
and then it just played off and Dwyer
got excited and it just got like
overexcited oh my goodness it was such a
fun day like anyway I hope you enjoyed
and insight into our little Christmas
here um come back tomorrow for an
insight into our next day leave some
comments subscriptions Christmas cheer
or pudding and custard if you have any
and I will see you guys tomorrow bye
friends
