good morning right Santa's coming
good morning friends and the Claus is
coming did he come last night no I went
in his room this morning she's like
where Santa Claus
why is in Santa Claus come cuz I know
clouds are coming tonight
I'm getting some sort of surgery done
here are you excited you can quickly add
my chocolate double chocolate in your
room are you sure you've been a good
girl did you check the naughty list
yeah the nice list you sure you're under
nice list you wouldn't want to be on the
naughty list
yeah wonder what time someone's gonna
bring you and the house and oh I feel
Beach a house and some echo beads you've
known about this house Santa Claus is
bringing you we bring in what's
important about spring and Daddy and
walking sick a rocketship Senegal is
bringing me a rocketship I'm very
excited about that
Christmas Eve our dough water doesn't
know about Santa Claus is coming in
Melia
he's coming to town
santa claus and he knows when you've
been sleeping so you want to make sure
to sleep not looking at any one
particular yeah he knows when you've
been naughty or nice so you better be
good for goodness sake
high five high what uh better not
crying okay mommy's gonna eat your son
just got my nails done
sing rain there's my card I went for
sparkly red 220 can't see right now god
knows what um that was really relaxing
life's kind of experience just break
away from what the Christmas rush so
yeah I got wildfire
I get shellac you guys didn't know got
wildfire on my nails and then I got um
Ruby Ritz as a top sparkly top color
thing
hello friends welcome to the Christmas
Eve annual variety show my first
contestant what's your name yeah I'm
Amelia are you singing with this man
what's your name very excited very
excited okay take your place go to the
stage all the way I'm gonna do what I
wanna know just like hey the legs
everyone go away go away go away scary
monster go away
Oh Kelly market Oh
stage dive phone lines are now open text
will be charged at your local rate if
you text after the number you will be
charged so don't call so for Amelia dial
five one seven four and for Eduardo dial
five one seven five phone lines are now
open
this is davina I'm now going live with
the house hello
Ciccone Jolie house I can now reveal no
way close to being counted the phone
lines are now closed I can now reveal
the first person to be evicted from the
Ciccone Jolie house is Eduardo Eduardo
coming at your things you've 30 seconds
I'm coming to get you you can go to
Glenn's er has decayed go only half
Bing Seiko feel the neck get bra okay
now take al kind of like Eddie oh okay
okay
I mean breakfast things haven't been
cleared away but that was to be expected
place isn't trashed I can see they
watched frozen the reindeer is in the
candle holder sing I wanted to bring
this up me to the farmers room place is
completely trashed hi how are you
thought I was going to come home to a
disaster oh boy a lot of disasters
okay he's crew driving himself but aside
from that listens mummies one did you
know that oh here we go
last day numeral 24 the wire has an open
23 F alright was skipping the 24 it says
Santa's on his way daddy doesn't retard
this end is on his way and it's a piece
of punishment wardo shootout whatever
you do don't eat it immediateiy did you
eat it is that good you can have another
one in twelve months the next piece of
chocolate she gets is next year
Eduardo kinda has a bonus one are you
sure what to do about it how about daddy
this way let's keep the doggies there so
please back to your favorite doggy
Eduardo you threw your favorite hockey
give that to your favorite doggy
doing another workout in red lipstick I
feel like a complete idiot
well I had it on earlier because I just
was feeling kind of festive and now I've
obviously changed into workout attire
but now I feel like a complete just like
weirdo wearing red lipstick and working
out but anyway um so what did you want
to work out now because the kids are
asleep well Eduardo's asleep Amina's
playing in her room
when you pay him this late and yeah this
is the only time that I can put it in
pretty much same as yesterday I'm just
doing this workout if you're curious
this is my one and then this is
Jonathan's one this is a bit longer than
mine but yeah mine's just five moves and
I'm gonna watch so while as vlogmas and
it's really funny because it's it just
so happens that I'm in this episode it's
really funny cuz like we didn't really
hang out that much this month which was
actually kind of sad like we meant to
but just everyone's always so busy and
like oh it just felt like we had so much
on this month and obviously so did she
and so did all of our friends and all of
our family and like you never get to do
as much as you think you want to do but
anyway so um I've been just watching her
video her vlogmas just like as my
workout thing like my workout thing to
watch while I work out is the vlogs but
you kind of start viewing it like even
though obviously we're friends I kind of
start viewing it like because it's my
workout show it's like my workout show
and then if I so now that I'm in it like
we're all in it it's kind of weird it's
like you're on TV or something it's so
weird I don't know if that makes sense
to anybody it's not like that normally
it's just I think because I've made it
into
like my little routine things but anyway
so I'm gonna do my market now and stop
jabbering on so it's about it's about
five o'clock and the thing is supposed
to come over at about half five I
retired command check also it's got some
reindeers down we've got some rain
here's down situation I don't think
Santa Claus
what's that one up there no no it's much
more dramatic you guys remember I asked
you is amazing
it's like over there
good day Melia quickly what's happening
Santa's coming sigh this coming me not
gonna make it guys we gotta be quick
wait I'm oh oh oh oh oh oh
is there a little girl and a boy here
come on let's go did you think I was out
of class for a second look can you see
can you see in this guy I don't see
he's out here somewhere I mean you gotta
lose look you gotta look really
carefully you know what time Alan oh you
see that you see her was a shooting sir
I don't cut that tape did you do you see
sandy do you see him wow he's got loads
of presents for you you know that
excited excited your comes in a glass
here comes Santa Claus right down Santa
Claus Lane so we decided to have a pizza
party Christmas Eve night we had a lot
of restaurants leftover cleaned
occupation jumpers on tomorrow a goodish
beach look at this be sitting you're
ready to go
wrapped in bacon oh boy that's gonna be
good lads that's gonna be a tasty time
all right
oh we got caprese as well but I do not
feel like cooking anything else until
that's ready so somebody's a little bit
excited for Christmas Eve excited for
Christmas
I like your chain oh it's very nice
let me get my croquette bread get
junkets go in my stockings and be
present for my show cake and where does
your stocking go so stocking goes in
your bed and then the chocolate goes in
your stocking so when you wake up in the
morning are you gonna eat chocolate so
he goes into Amelia's room and he fills
Amelia stocking with chocolate and
presents and then he goes to Eduardo his
room and fill the duardo stocking with
chocolate and presents what if you guys
come down in the morning after you get
your presence and come into mommy and
daddy's room and
was everything give you guys would you
do that so your job as the older sister
is that you have to go into a daughter's
room
show it wider all the things that he got
and then you have to come down to mommy
and daddy's room with Eduardo yeah and
then you show mommy daddy what you got
and then you give half your chocolate
here dad Oh mommy
no just Eddie no no no you give your
chocolate to Daddy
yeah is he coming today the reindeers
fly pass on the sleigh and they're
filled with chocolate ice cream teddy
bears so you want more no you're getting
a tip you better cream after that paint
about that key right a black sheep oh
twinkle twinkle
okay I'm going to eat this gingerbread
house and there's only going and making
the greatest hot chocolate experience
ever
oh boy oh boy it was pretty exciting for
hot chocolate and Christmas Eve oh
that's just like a front situation
oh the froth on the top
I know why must you be a danger mouse no
see she is other snobby Donna see she a
spookily yoke I know oh boy oh boy
no with the spoon doesn't even what to
do it
that'd look good in media
apparently hot chocolate makes you sleep
so hopefully we need a carrot okay yeah
Eduardo can you get a carrot please for
Rudolph the reindeer quick guys now
that's for Rudolph so put the carrot on
santa's plate okay you ready
that's for the reindeer put it on the
plate
good boy no no no what are you doing oh
okay there we go
now what about a hot drink yeah yeah she
put out some milk maybe okay which mug
would he like yeah okay both of you can
hop up here and we can do it together
okay I need you guys to both carefully
pour the milk into here good girl yeah
milk
good job okay now we put it out for
Santa Claus okay come on let's go come
on let's put it out
twas the night before Christmas and
always asleep except for immediate order
Anna Jonathan
Nevaeh I'll be Sina noobies Theo and
Bianca but it will be ultimately sleep
big family clothes a little selection
here Oh Santa Claus is gonna be happy
with you guys for Santa to Santa Claus
like candles is he a fan of the candle
Santa Claus is gonna be very impressed
you'll blow it out guys good job
the carrot is for mrs. Claus and the
cake is for mr. Claus that's what I'm
thinking that's my plan right in the big
candle oh but all right sight man we
forgot about oh boy
the bad situation Cheers
thankfully it has one of those safety
features oh my goodness could you
imagine a leap like that kids will get a
kick it up all right bats have been had
new pajamas new bedsheets now where you
gonna put it
please hand put it on your bed unless
you put it here look what about if we
put it here at the end of the bed we
wouldn't say king look he's gonna
commander the chimney okay let's check
up there his son he hasn't called me yet
he's gonna commander the chimney and
then he's gonna go he's gonna sneak
across here yeah hang it oh but we can
just lay it here like this we go see
White House one
see why does one get so excited so much
fine Christmas story thank goodness
Bosh misses it Road intersects with the
train station my little town it's so
cool
see ya happy Christmas no friends happy
Christmas see you tomorrow bye
I'm sorry the timing must be wrong and
you too because I think this video is 20
minutes long that can't possibly be
correct can it I taught you to enjoy it
a 20-minute video I'm currently watching
the elf movie it's the part where I
actually find Santa Claus and enjoy the
video friends um give us know like it's
Christmas give us a comment and a
Christmas like a Christmas colors and a
Christmas like and I'll see you guys
tomorrow we put the kids bed they're
very excited
Santa Claus is coming I think actually I
think he might be on the roof I better
go and check I'll see you guys later bye
