good morning friends so Eduardo decided
last night he would get out of bed and
he got lost upstairs so I brought him
down our room which is always a terrible
mistake but he's too cute or is just
looking over there so he's watching some
Peppa Pig he's so cute miss Yulan so the
bins you forgot that means that the
changing notice during Christmas time
the bins change over and we'll have a
couple of boxes it's recycling day so
the good thing about the recycling is
that they never come I really like the
bins they come quite late so give me
enough it is 7 o'clock the morning but
quite latest in terms of like the actual
rubbish comes up like sometimes like 5
or 6 in the morning so we have a bit of
time so they're trying to get rid of
this as we can ok it's done he's been
with her isn't it cool did that last
night last night
you know the good answer isn't have some
breakfast
laughs stay in school today we'll see
all our friends before Christmas it
warns Nancy of eating all the boring all
the parts then we know part is that for
media mm-hmm
moving on the bell morning Annabelle you
have to say good morning again
my little friendly his friend
oh yeah baby
but you're my baby do you know that I
ruined her bed are you gonna remake the
bed
mommy give that to me about that too
she's really taken to do motherhood
you're gonna see Santa in two days yeah
girl oh boy
anyway today is the last day of school
this year last day this year huh you
excited I was banging on the window over
there you are no you're saying goodbye
huh let's go last day of school last day
of school next let me go to school next
time you go to school it's gonna be 2016
Amelia this way this way oh how the cats
were knowing you it all misses but I
don't like cats you don't like cats you
just said you liked cats I don't I don't
like em annoying
no oh you don't like when they annoy you
yep oh oh no they can mean oh yeah I
don't lick Amelia so we're thinking that
maybe I could have my rec for
we're the you know I had my breakfast we
were thinking that maybe I could get
some makeup on while I drink my coffee
because I'm so tired and why I don't
walk off at like 6:00 this morning I
think or half sick not sure and I think
was six and wouldn't go back to sleep
because they usually wake up at eight
come on let's go upstairs to mommy's
room yeah okay that's maybe just put it
we'll put it like this look look this is
how we get things done around here is
that nice he was so cute he like got up
on the bed and I propped up the cushions
for him and he's like thank you mommy
who thinks that song reminds you of
supernatural and a trumpet stay go did
it did it anyone and that's how always
reminds you of it's like it's the exact
same song essentially it's the same like
formula you know I mean it's like just
the catchy little sort of weird
instrument in the middle so these two
guys on YouTube I can't think our name
right now but they're hilarious they do
this like parody sort of musical show
then kind of like flight of the
conchords but on YouTube they're
hilarious but they came over this thing
of like how to make like the perfect pop
song and they did that same thing it was
like just take like it doesn't matter
about the lyrics just take a beat
they're into it and then just in the
middle oh you might get him that like in
a tuba anyway that's all those toys just
remind you that word ready Oh check out
me style situation rods got me quilters
mean on quilters imagine I had like
quilt at Hunter boots I can have the
complete quilted package when people
call me quilty alright quilty
Hey
you guys remember when I first start
bringing Amelia out for walks she always
used to say to her we tell me as I head
to the park is on my ass got to get
yourself a stick not a stick a stick
stick stick sure it important you gotta
have a stick can't go in and walk it a
good stick gotta get a good say you got
a poke it around the things you got a
yeah I give everything a good poke there
huh that's his first stick let's first
walking stick it's really important it's
very important that milestone in your
life first day you got a stake and you
got to find a good one that was a good
run we spent a bit of time looking for
it's gotta have the rice my partner's
Gerardo is in embracing the stick
culture you like the stick okay let's
move on let's check the next area we're
gonna walk into our first puzzle
together oh I don't know what the depth
situation is like okay stand there no no
no no no you gotta stand in the Porto
stand in the pot oh you in a big photo
art oh it's wider in Oporto
whydo can you say puzzle can have your
stick as well are you fishing
what is it deep okay
let's assess the situation so we came
out here and everything was clean
oh no handy dirty have a look at the
situation handy down okay got a hand the
emergency guys we're gonna need the hand
this is why you should wear your gloves
okay it's okay look it's okay now look
it's good it's clean it's okay clean
finger
he's a very particular little fella
school's out for Christmas didn't that's
it no more school for the rest of this
year
all right no more school for the rest of
the year for Christmas forgot to buy you
know a lot of people are asking me they
were saying hey you left her bag I see
some comments in here after biking
school you do leave her back in school
every day this is just like a change of
clothes we leave in the school just in
case of emergency situations but now
there's no more school for the next year
what are you gonna do you've no school
till next year Amelia oh my goodness oh
you're off alright I am going to be
doing my work net now kids are nothing
well the media is actually not nothing
to me actually not napping she's kind of
in with Jonathan which I think he's a
little bit annoyed about you really want
you to watch something because this is
like his only free time so but it's my
only free time too so I'm trying to get
a workout in because I couldn't get one
done this morning it was just too hectic
and I really want to do my new work at
least he gave me and I'm not like overly
sore from yesterday which is I like that
about my workouts like I know so
people like being sore afterwards I
don't like I like being sore if I
haven't worked out in a while obviously
that's when you know that it works but
if I'm like consistently working out
like I don't usually get really sore
I like obviously a little bit but you
know what I mean like I don't want it
because if I get to sort just like makes
me not want to work at it at all so I'm
gonna do my work at now I'm freezing so
cold but we're gonna do this and we're
gonna be fit over Christmas whoo
guess what Amelia and I are doing what
are we doing in media what are we gonna
do now yes and look what she's wearing
her new necklace Wow oh you're busy
reading it's really pretty immediate
matches your outfit all right Missy
Eduardo came down from his nap and this
is our final result
okay leave the house leave the house
here if you want anything it's here okay
anyway this is what our house looks like
this is what it's supposed to look like
this is what actually expectation
reality but you know what they had fun
well they did it themselves
pretty much oh he wants a spoon why
don't I give him something better
no no you have your spoon now okay you
don't need a spatula because you already
said note one I think I'm like stepping
in sugar so I need to go clean this off
those guys are gonna have green faces
but anyway um this is our little
masterpiece so I'm gonna put it out now
away from them otherwise they're gonna
eat all of it but I'm happy we did it it
looks really cute it looks homemade you
know a couple of the jelly big or the
jellybeans jellybeans jellybeans gummi
bears have fallen off it looks like
Santa Paws has arrived
oh my goodness funny things room oh
honey give me more did you actually get
them with the names on them yeah they're
the names inside but nothing to
Christmas no I loved you hear me there
tio looking at you all right
wardo are on a special mission we're
looking for there's pretty old
socks you know what I'm saying lads
but I brought his water with me because
he's quite unaware of what's going on I
didn't want to leave both Ratanak that
was a big mean so what do you think
Anwar no you thinking little rose so far
it's pretty good in our selection I
think I think we I think we're okay
we just need a few little toys or
something you know it's a distinguished
I basically got all the sweet treats up
to me to make them easy you know what
you want that you want this don't mind
topic well tell you what though okay why
it's good I'm here to see if there's any
little little pink 'let's we can get you
or trinkets if they haul them think we
are set we'd have hot chocolate for
breakfast we've got some toys for Amelia
Eduardo we've got some choco and stuff
like that we are set
I thought the hot chocolate for
breakfast was a kind of a fun little
thing might be fun huh I think we said
oh wait you get you need medium banana
bread stop looking in there there's
nothing in there
there's nothing in there for you sir
don't be telling the media what you
looking in there for and there's one
more little thing that we need over here
all right
putting custard Doritos milk stockings
beers
we're stat wardo or set for Christmas
twas the night before Christmas and
you've just watched saucony Jolie's you
hit the like button and you leave a nice
comment if you're new here today you
hate the subscribe button and you are
happy a lot that I was thinking I was
trying to make like what rhymes at
subscribe and I was like tribe
anyway lads this is the 24th of December
that's what you're looking at is
obviously to 2030 December but I'm
recording this little voiceover for you
at the end on 24th of December which is
the day after that day but it's actually
a day for tomorrow so tomorrow's the day
and I'm actually recording this one now
but then
next day of the day when I record yeah
okay it's confusing anyway um I heard a
rumor though I heard a rumor that Santa
Claus will be reviewing the comments
this evening so better watch out you
better not leave hate comments better
haha I'm telling you I hope you enjoyed
it lads and if this is your first
Christmas welcome if it's not welcome
back and I'll see you guys tomorrow for
Christmas
okay bye bye
