good morning today is almost the last
day of school before Christmas time we
have lots of presents in the house
excited about that yeah did you have fun
yesterday with Louie and Sunday you're
very very sad to go home last life huh
are your best friends yeah come on let's
go
come on it's pretty cool like I was like
and I kind of a Christmas dinner with
all our friends right must we must we we
must we must
oh that kid is that we do oh you know
you do like an absolute epic reverse hit
parking job on the high street and
nobody's there to a reward you were
saying the goodness that was amazing
that's it just happened no there was no
witnesses it was amazing all the traffic
is going I was like we wouldn't movement
it was like a reverse parallel little
tiny little spot
sorry impressive stuff
I've gotta go to morning on the other
side the road am I supposed to cross the
road
how's that impossible I mean what to do
don't tell me what to say I'm in ly
delicious here Eduardo it's funny having
multiple different types of friends I
have three types of friends in my life
okay I have on camera friends which you
guys know or other youtubers or people
who are like on camera and personalities
and there's in social medias over that I
have off-camera friends friends you
don't even know exist for the last
however long I've been on YouTube just
never wanted to participate or be on
camera or just a hundred percent out of
my youtube life therefore aunt Sigourney
Jolie's al Johnson's college early they
do not exist in my life but they do
right and then I've got the half and
halfs
the ones like Sabrina and Adam and Omar
and then like everybody I was at that
party yesterday they're all like they
don't they're not like on on camera
friends but they're not off off camera
friends they're just kind of like in the
middle camera friends but it's kind of
funny you know when I'm doing these
videos for so long and how we vote how
we've gotten to know each other we've
become friends and my you're M your
entire opinion on my opinion is an
opinion I don't know your entire am
understanding of my life is based on
these videos and everything that happens
off-camera doesn't really exist for
Jonathan saucony Jolie part of saucony
Jolie's but Jonathan's gonna Jolie IRL
is I'm not different but I have
different things in my life I just cuz I
went off on my cities and I was like
they're all like I'm Alma off camera
Christmas friends this morning and it
was just every thought it was
interesting cause like you guys don't
exist in my other in my in my virtual
life in my IRL like you exist normal
virtual life you know weird and that
weird sigh okay while we're gone
I was wondering if this has got to be
the best breakup song what do you guys
think they were broken up lady and this
is yourself go away go away come again
another day look at his lip you burst
'yesterday in Sabrina's house tried to
climb through a cat flap you're not a
catchy go finding me yeah you just coach
it's on your head I saw before I put
your hood on ha
but I gotta head Detroit on my hair Oh
your other one
okay well no dilly-dallying okay cuz
it's raining today and we made it home
in the rain I didn't even get to finish
out you see a seat I loved I got about
as far as here and then it rained for
the last two days wouldn't be cool of
the rain came down at the rate of a
pressure hose and it would actually just
although that would be pretty mad as you
get oh you're okay okay okay okay okay
okay
okay it's okay it's okay come here come
here no ma'am oh no you slip mortal
slips okay you're not slipping you go
inside okay you know better now mister
man are you huh let's see let's see the
damage we caused oh boy Oh what that's
that's pretty nasty pretty nasty
situation that is going to be punished
for that now huh said he in trouble
he's I'm in trouble he's Mommy in
trouble
is anybody in trouble do you love daddy
what you don't love daddy
you love daddy no you move mommy yeah
who do you love love bananas nanana yeah
okay now you can say you love daddy
say I love daddy there we go that's what
we're talking about huh
my little son of a gun hmm are we gonna
play with trains did wardo got a present
of a train set
yeah we're gonna build a train set all
my dreams are coming together
where is baby Annabel where's baby
Annabel is mommy doing some surgery what
does it mean you have a baby
imagine you got your babies in the post
you just put batteries in them it isn't
impossible to do
bringing a child is hard no you can't
get anything a little better good talk
with this well it's a baby maybe you
still have to be nice to Eduardo okay
most hardcore surgery going on here skin
a spinal tap
what are you gonna call her baby oh
that's original you ready
is your baby a good mommy that'll tie
you over until mommy gets her act
together here babe your savvier kept
saying louia was the baby like oh we
should bring the baby hmm
Oh for her bottle mama no this isn't me
oh sorry sorry don't give her a bottle
yeah it do really careful with her
oh girl with the baby let's take the
dummy out first okay
training her he's gonna be doing tonight
feeds uh-huh she's being trained oh just
just just round the dummy in everything
view okay no baby boy baby boy this
isn't a baby born is it is it is it the
same thing yeah I think so never big so
I think it's what baby morning used to
be
oh holy baby sis deep imagine I was real
baby baby I know my Gina was a real baby
like and she was that like
no not cuz of that just cuz like your
baby has a baby and she is that she was
like a little baby
oh my goodness
are you crying yeah are you crying okay
well we gonna have some lunch
she had her lunch oh oh yeah right we
are off on a secret adventure lies
secret midnight adventure me we used to
go midnight adventures and buy tub tubs
not not well actually back then it was
actual midnight yeah we go to the petrol
station and rode from our house in
Middleton and we buy tube tops there
were these little sweet and then we got
pregnant in the media and then I was the
end of midnight adventures what oh so
Christmasy a little town what's gonna
look all nice and Christmassy
welcome back the lights up there
pretty great Hannah Christmas puzzle
Cole's out looking over the webseries
and pretty and dark then you kind of get
tired in the dark darks nice a little
bit at a time not all of the time
huh the sheds I like that shopping or I
like shop this one here
Oh Jane nice nice hello mate hi little
mate
oh yes that one there is where I don't
got me there Jay the bulb the Jay thing
I like your asking where'd you get that
bull the Jay thing right there lads just
right there
style junkie if you're a style junkie oh
my god I got the funniest a screenshot
from when we were driving into London I
deleted most of all those clips from the
driving Rovers 141 you it is like duck
face 10 oh we need is it check it out
OOP how funny is that you might remember
bebo Center really and they're like I
didn't see any way we all just saw that
right there but you didn't yeah it was
just really funny it was like we're
knows random stop moments Rose like a
topic that's amazing all right quick
let's go home
that's it back to the madhouse that's
our break for today tomorrow is date
night date night we ruin date night
today because we got up and they made
loads of work to do and then sneaky work
that we didn't know we had to do we
ended up having to do so there's no date
night but tomorrow we're doing to do
over tomorrow's Monday again you know
Jubilee was Christmas in like four days
I know it's technically five days three
three watch what they say I know a place
21st like I know I know but yeah vlog
with Enzo and is committed to vlogging
more and saucony Jolie's she's done
really well you don't really well though
like you've done the full what I haven't
done it yet but I suppose and unless you
stop now and fail yeah but like in two
or three days you look doing the for
vlogmas and you did really well you've
lost every single day you know I started
off like not vlogging yeah like doing
like just normal videos yeah but one
vlog can everybody loved it yep going I
think is really cool that see I like
watching you exam like oh my goodness my
god that's what I did that day yeah yeah
but making a commitment 2016 learn more
from Anna mm-hmm make a commitment your
pinky swear right now we're all gonna do
pinky swear to get her pinky swear for
life get your diamonds are very pointy
what pointy diamonds you have there all
right let's get you in Iraq Christmas in
five days - I cannot wait till this year
for Christmas oh it's gonna be so much
fun like Eduardo it really out oh my
goodness they're gonna miss much like
evenly way and I'm savvier I was getting
mixed up in Louie and savvy yesterday we
had the Fordham gone mad we stayed there
quite late and
in EM adamancy beans heads but like they
were going mad
can you does not think of any yeah I'm
nameless but they're kids were going my
butt was so much fun to watch support
I'm like you know I mean it was so cool
yeah let's go we're having dinner we're
watching ciccone Joe going crazy oh my
god
I just watched that fit with Island
dinner thing I was just so funny like
every time I watch it when Omar starting
like come on he turn red and he puts the
camera over the entire restaurant or
like clapping and cheering burrata it
was so funny I don't think I said in my
vlog in the eyes that but they're the
Beckhams entire family were like sitting
on the table beside us like their whole
entire extent I'm the Beckham's right on
this fake birthday party essentially
like at this steak situation going on
here
can you appreciate the level of steak
nasai take a steak I chopped it up cut
her up oh we're making a steak sandwich
this is going to be the greatest I feel
like it needs cheese please drop that in
there oh no one realizes if they don't
realize yes dan dan den dan den dan what
are we doing where we going where are we
going - we rented that we're building
our train set now we got for Christmas
we're gonna play that train set play
that train set your verse ah
chorus how a big song was gonna break
out there come on window but POTUS - who
are delicious for you babe
ready for this jelly I don't think I'm
ready you grab that grab it
nope not a hope all right bringing you
up first
what are you two doing in here what are
you two doing behind here you are
munchkin hello Eduardo hello Prince
Eduardo very cute alright come on let's
take a bite our friends bye bye friends
see you tomorrow thanks for watching I
love my daddy thank you we wish you a
Merry Christmas we wish for burgers burn
if you have it in your heart and soul if
you're feeling if you're feeling it hit
the like button throw us an old comment
oh my goodness three days of Christmas
ah
the excitement goodbye
