we've got a little baby here so last
night we had a baby did we have a baby
last night what's the name of your baby
um I don't know her name you don't know
her name yet yeah cuz she's baby oh well
we should give her a name though what do
you think sure a tissue we all fall down
so we're have an iPad club that is busy
back there editing and the kids are
getting playing their iPads that's gonna
be great two different iPads faintly
wonderful I wish tomorrow if I played
more different socks it's even more
amazing no more just lost to the world
now oh that's not very good quality for
the streets no boy look what's left are
guys who actually likes these ones
Jessie who likes the blue on this our
mission should you choose to accept it
we've already kind of accepted it is
we're gonna try and sort decide so do
today we took it me to the training
situation but you guys remember in the
middle of the summer I jet washed this
whole area and like it looks so good it
almost look like this well it's got all
green again oh I'm coming now it's gone
all green obviously jutsu you opened up
by yourself
you're getting so big you can do
everything by yourself you know that
anyway we're looking for the jet washing
media I can see parts of it there in
other parts of it somewhere else I'm
alone too
we're gonna sort out the drive we're
gonna make it nice and clean
for Christmastime I don't know why
there's a pizza box here nobody in this
family eats pizzas oh oh you gonna beat
that up yeah
this is what you do so and when a boy
comes up and says can I kiss you you say
no go away stinky boy okay
practice now Eduardo when a boy comes up
and says I fancy your sister what do you
do that's right you give them a shove
all right Oh right there beside yo
guitar what all right we found we found
our man
our man on the ground oh wait oh no find
a microphone white Oh dangerous white Oh
Oh does it you gonna sing us a song oh
why not right Oh what cat OH
the farmer all right we're getting
distracted here from the main the main
task at hand oh it's heavy
all right come on let's come this way
follow father follow father all right
you guys ready okay you standing there
okay you ready here it comes
I'm only joking I won't do that
Oh get your mind off the shoulder what
are you some sort of sips are
super-modern or something huh all right
now you gotta stay there stay there are
no careful
Oh No
let's get rid of all the green goofy
stuff they got
so I get this like you're the difference
right I'm doing this for like two
seconds difference like a green and goo
it is she got I don't know something you
guys would have seen when we shot to see
this summer it was crazy the difference
wasn't it
oh my goodness what I have realized
though is that these are not cutting it
I need wellies so I think what I might
do is I might nip over there's like a
garden center about two minutes in here
on my nipple over to a garden center
place and see if I can hook up a pair of
Wally's for me I don't get the hunters
if I want to sell them but just a little
pair of wedding so I don't soak myself
and then we can finish the job off do
you guys want to come on a little
adventure
yeah it's not a new car anymore but okay
we'll call it the new car gets Go
Daddy's gotten away like seriously rides
look it's the dirt and this thing if we
have time afterwards we're gonna hear
maybe we can watch daddy's car as well
huh what do you reckon it's a dirty
situation huh hey what you ladies going
get back here ah you know when you reach
the trolley and they don't have the
double ones this is what you do is the
solution this is how you double up in
the trolleys huh it's all about managing
two children all right all that I got a
wonky wheel I'm gonna buy you a clock
did you want to talk for
oh the last time that's right that's
right we did Ellie go Ellie when well II
won well you are those strikes again we
I did I did
now I think I'm not sure where we're
gonna find no Ellie let's try gardening
gardening yo you're the captain
leadership alright captain captain it a
ship oh geez now you're thinking in here
might be the right place to find a
Willie give it some welly lads Oh gloves
Oh what oh right well he's gone in the
car
we're fine the valleys they're not fancy
or anything but I did a job it's 10:00
it rocks funny
look at these monsters can't possibly
doubt be monstrous did you take a size
11 No
so he's 10 give this one a blast away
oh yes that one's all right it's the
fashion lads you like this one all right
Eve mint gosh we got a brush we got some
gloves we got some wellies we are set we
are set are you taking your shoes off
oh my goodness all right come on weirdo
let's try you in are you ready to help
my little friend yes sir Oh join me to
make the brush you can do sweeping so we
got this cool brush which is a bit weird
it's called a click-clack system or
something I don't know
it looks cool all right let's set up the
cook clock system
Lucy's here inner-cities cheating I got
my Valentine nose these are yeah
well Ian all right whoa no you ready for
this oh look how good that is
compared to that's what it looks like
and look at this it's insanely good
right
my favorite know what cuz I stepped in
the water part it looks so good okay
we're taking a break though for lunch
wrap another lunchtime break glass I'm
just I'm like where'd it lunch time lads
did you prepare a feast how could you
eat you eat cheese I'm soaking it this
is Lucy's that's Lucy's there yeah
alright this is our dream is to reach
45,000 subscribers
she's a hundred subscribers away I'm
gonna leave a link down below let's see
how many subscribers we can get her
buddy today because last we'll all need
her in January you know all the team you
know all the kings of sweets everything
every day Lucy Lucy's gonna solve all
our problems we working over Christmas
for you yeah
so everybody links down below let's see
how many wrap 44 900 work our aim is
100,000 let's see what we can do sleep
yes leave well the best water she go to
Amelia's room then into Amelia's Padme
me Oh two of yous in here for a nap time
white oh come on come on think white is
Jessie
close the curtains word Oh
really come on oh my oh my goodness how
peignoir don't climb in I'm in Oh how's
it go you got him
there are two in the bed and Jasmine
said and the doctor said no more don't
fit monkeys in the bed oh no oh no it's
been found the slay of Destiny do you
want come on so what I suggested I
should tie a rope here it will be better
for propulsion but that would encourage
Oh but the whole point is so they fall
off oh this children scattered
everywhere
all right last time then water goes to
bed climb aboard come aboard captain
wardo are you ready ready
oh no no today have a nice news where I
go push rice goes rice go to sleep go
boy good big boy huh
what's going on here monkey okay now
remember you have to play quietly okay
otherwise you have to go to bed what you
want to do you're gonna play quietly or
go to bed this isn't very quietly in
Florida missiny and she just decided to
go and face all the princesses with
Amelia who after you met Cinderella
facetiming with the princesses huh was
that cool oh sorry go stand here like
this where does Bard is having a tough
time all right a second a tough time all
right it's a couple of hours later the
kids are asleep a while ago we watched a
movie so idiot over here
thinking hey be cool I don't know is now
like 20 to 1 was really annoying because
we have to go and see Santa Claus
tomorrow morning what we have to be at
Harrods I think they're like a
or something so whatever we're gonna
album in Sabrina's Alvin and Sabrina's
out of the van Calvin right Arthur they
actually have car beds if she can say
she tested out okay this is light over
here
it's pretty light it doesn't illuminate
anything actually it doesn't it's like a
pointless life like Alfie should release
that light is pointless blog much a life
that pointless to funny news to be I
died no name
let's get your happy saturday night
friends happy happy birthday friends
I'll see you tomorrow thanks for
watching today's video
this is the light that were using
goodnight big goodbye friends say
goodbye friends I don't want you're in
my way delight me not you booming faint
goodbye friends see you tomorrow thanks
for watching have a nice Sunday drivers
over Joey got the little car bed so cool
I always wanted 100 think my voice has
left me or something anyway were up
super early we are heading to Harrods
heading two hours to see Santa Claus and
the elves and it should be a good fun
day so look out for tomorrow's video
Santa Claus is Coming Good Wife and I
gotta go like the video comment the
video subscribe to the video and don't
forget to hit up Lucy's channel links
down below and just give her like Lowe's
and those the subscribers it'll be nice
little Christmas present
alright see you guys later bye
