good morning Amelia and Eduardo the two
of us are ready for school
it's a Friday doe that means no school
tomorrow or Sunday and on Sunday what's
on my special isn't that sound good
hang a mitre Christmas tree ready for
the school run that I need to put shoes
on huh as I'll be ready as well I'll be
ready I'll be getting a haircut today
guys
yeah good morning friends I'm also going
on to school run if I'm the driver I'm
the designated school run driver today
huh winos wearing cool look IQ look
she's wired oh they're nice hmm hey no
on me
hello Bianca what that's all mommy's
presents are right in it just morning
it's made me think I was hoping that I
intercept good which means that they are
cozy like your ones yeah so cozy Jolie
huh hey good one they're gonna miss it
no obviously not all right let me get my
shoes on
all right school runners number one ever
a heinous Chuck the Chuck's two kind of
a cold one today let's oh look I kind of
am a few days my balance the old hair
out the roughest updating yeah now when
I balance the old Harris something is
being delivered her I can see it yeah
but it's still in the shedding but you
see I can I made it so it doesn't seem
as shedding it actually looks like it's
gone back to pre Proust pre post up
which is very sad what it warned me this
would happen and then it'll sacrum you
guys she's stevia when Rose you know
them magnifying mirror things you can
look through you can actually see little
hairs growing lads here we go this is it
wired oh stop
oh right oh right out come on come on Oh
the police are coming cover to get you
go quickly quickly quickly before they
come come on quickly quickly Ricky where
Luke it in Oh No
hi hi officer ya know these two
you know they won't get in the car oh no
we're team walking team walking
team walking are we team walking you
know that today here's no wait a second
we still got a little bit of school next
week a little bit of school next week
and then we're free for Christmas
not exciting medicating the media was
obsession the skill that she didn't want
to go so I'm Eduardo Kane winner cuz she
was upset that a writer was going to his
place but that was waters coming with
you huh so there is going to be a daddy
in war no big adventure in a minute but
first we have to go home for a minute
because we forgot something white oh so
we're just having a joke well I wasn't a
joke I don't see me because I sprinkled
cars all over my floor upstairs for
Eduardo and then she say Eduardo has one
of the cars
something that was well you just it was
meant to be for charity because very
happy yeah what it was just dear knows
that you open it because you have a
chronic opening destroys their ID to
open things that there's no delicious
white for what I did I know you what if
that was your present
I had restraint what if that was you
present no but says Yankee Candles do
you weigh me on with the Yankee Candles
no but no loss is it no but I knew that
because we've actually gotten a delivery
from them before any Yankee Candle box
remember and then I opened it thinking
it was Yankee Candles thus my conclusion
was it was not a present for me
therefore I win
but anyway oh inside you should water
because she's there like why does knows
the cars toys already anyway inside news
playing with Sophia disinfecting her who
do you talk to a car is he just doesn't
play I know right up she got an inside
the box was logo Bella vintage two
cheese why is it oh belynda's are so
cute though did she go treat them all
like school time time for school school
bus you she got like a yellow school bus
and all the guys come on it
no she's not enough they're jumpers I
know there's so why doesn't Bianca
saying I think is she broken maybe they
just got the jump run yeah we should
keep the jump run
otere kadai oh yeah good job
no I didn't think they seemed cleaner
then yeah
why are those home and look what he made
is this Amelia and a special card with
his feet it's a foot cart is it a stinky
card he's more interested in the
boo-boos wanna do some Michael Buble
come on this way this way
Oh a box came around and open boxes
anymore I have on his name when I'm in
case Christmas presents for daddy
look at you are you walking like you're
a healer here Walker all right ready
you ready for this you ready so me and
Eduardo have to go and do some errands
and chores chores and errands Kanye
hello it's colic rider Kanye when you
wear these diesel boots
are they so like Kanye style Joey still
I don't know this does them you know
those little shoes that Kanye made those
are they Nike or adidas or something I
wonder can you get them for kids they'd
be so cute to put them in here like this
like is that our money you're wearing
there what are you wearing oh you need a
tissue mister we'll get tissue before we
go yeah don't touch it don't touch it
come on but seriously how cool looking
to see look we got to pick up something
out by Roma and it's baking something
that involves rum-pum-pum-pum
probably bit of an afternoon tea sash
with some peeps tomorrow we go you know
look honey look honey
come on Kanye it's drifting right off
get turn the corner drifter drifter
drifter
oh you've lost it you nearly made the
drift ooh just the basics they say it
Yule Log and then you never tried to
cook a non cooking apple what would
happen if you cook the non cooking Apple
would it cook for what happened to it
you should try that like how the hedges
and trees are like a cooking tree is a
different kind of tree or something
doesn't make any sense anyway a bromley
apple is that a cooking apple from the
Apple organic apples chopped apples
royal apples Rory Barnabas Granny apples
pink apples desert oh my gosh is filming
answer seriously there's a lot of apples
right up I don't know anything about
room but I like this one because it has
a little pirate on the front
Eduardo is gone for an all some whiskey
some scotch whiskey so what you want
look at this one let's get a pirate on
it we have everything we need to make
this can wardo you need to scan you chew
do you have a barcode finish
what like this in like you way you look
at me so baby you can go and love
yourself that's a good resident if you
love the way you look so much you should
go love yourself alright wires in the
car we are ready to go lay out my to
collect Amelia along from school a
little sign of this one lads I'm finding
this one go on to JT the gang's all back
together really was very busy in school
today
she made Christmas cards you know wine I
made a Christmas card today as well yeah
I've all made Christmas cards today
everyday I'm hustling as a carny what
does Kanye sing I know I tend to give a
kanye sound his name of a pole he's like
boom boom boom Kim Kardashian no it's
like this right it's right I'm like
hurting the children oh we've lost some
oh geez oh geez it's alright it's
alright
we've glitter weave glitter fights the
kids just sitting it will I hold all
this put the thing on you on the cake on
okay go
I've got it all nice a garden now is
glitter
don't drop any I wouldn't drop any don't
drop any now come on um somebody could
have told me as I was walking in there
that I didn't bring the shopping in with
me
forgot us kiddos in how does this thing
open that is this open again does anyone
remember oh thanks I have the key in my
pocket it's there keyless things but we
don't have the key in your pocket
it don't work there go inside and have
me wrong I'm drinking lots of rum
oh my goodness ads so we'll be sitting
here hands on the front my brother
actually that's what that's what happens
look what happened um Eduardo can now
climb out of his crib I heard this big
crash and I was like oh my goodness and
ran upstairs I got kicked open Amelia's
room I was like what what are you
telling she's like sitting there like
playing with her dolls and dolls I was
like really gently and quietly and I was
like why and I went into the waters room
and like the crib was here and he was
just like sitting on the floor beside it
just flat out like I was like on oh my
god I think he climbed out and dived for
his freedom
oh my goodness where can I get out of
his crib
we've reached DEFCON seven yesterday
DEFCON 4 because Amelia can now open the
baby H we've now reached DEFCON seven
what are you doing no no no he's
checking Mauro Zucca name is Louie we
have to speak each other I'm in water
climb out of his bed
thank you sure did you know what'll
comply man on his bed no no no no you've
only been up here
you've only been here 20 minutes me TR
stop stop stop stop stop let me check on
Morrow and I'll go back to your gate
she's my am very weak in these
situations
which part time there was in digital had
had a Kiowa on how okay what do you have
to find denying idk Man and the
Scarecrow so Briana team√∂ I put on a
pretty dress
I'm pretending pretty shoes Anton's on
your big foot cookie smile and down I
think it came out okay have silk has let
what I can you please you had me son God
Jesus bad club can you do that give me
big teeth big claws can you show me
nine-toes some down quick give him money
guitar
hello sure now you have to do Oh Cassie
and these are some quick links and you
cut something
thank you
because I'm okay well thanks thank you
well what do you think climb up climb up
to Ordos bed time up huh part is in a
big bed now huh buns Oh mr. Baek man mr.
Baek man
can you get down all right can you get
down yourself
whoa you wanna get down
Kim wardo get down careful very careful
okay jump you can do it you can do it
later hold on you can do it come on come
on jump jump jump come on jump come on
come on come on almost go no come on
come on jump
hey get puns oh oh good boy oh no you
found my style my section of tools we
will need them
we call it the Friday feeling lads
Oh eat in your head is a copy media I'll
just turn right anyway let's go make
some dinner
following made today wait wait a thing
it's a Friday well that means that if
you push this up four times flick this
on five times open yourself press press
turn press yes it worked it worked it
worked
pizza party Friday night what is it
Friday night be supported Friday night
BT right we are getting out of here
hanging our pizza dough by Amelia your
by Fiona BAE escena Bianca I'll be a
contrast to the pizza Eduardo wherever
he is in the sense and I'm a psycho me
Tony
goodbye look into my eyes bye bye wired
ow oh my goodness Oh duardo is beside me
on his iPad Amelia I don't know being
here that is over in the couch on her
iPad they're both on their iPads their
boat really that in a boat listening to
different things I'm sitting here
editing video there's three different
noises going on at the one time Jordan
last night lights I went online and I
look for carpets for Eduardo I always
want I'm living vicariously true Eduardo
I always wanted one of those you know
the sports car beds you know the ones I
don't know if anyone actually owned them
or people just knew somebody else that I
actually own know but no one ever
actually owned them no no way
so I'm gonna get what like video card
video subscribe the video and as you
tomorrow
