yeah good morning friends it's very
early the morning burn Alessia is
talking man and I am determined to get
her on tape deal you're on camera team
mache today we could talk Mike and
mummys camera and because practice
making my own video you want to have
your own camera now yeah you come today
so you can have your own camera make
your own videos you are 5 what do you
think it were no no oh hi Alice you know
outdated this a camera is Alessia Amenia
this is the camcorder from like years
ago it was in my room so I it's mine oh
it's yours now guys that I works that if
things are in your room they yours
storage is where you put things that you
don't need until a later date hey what's
your first
about not making anything to things or
what do things one day we made some
crispy cakes and rocky I'm gonna make a
star dive back all about how I made
everything are you gonna drag a tell-all
video no top 10 reasons why daddy's the
best that would be a good blood it's an
interesting thing is that what your
generation likes can Eduardo be in the
video sometimes yeah that's nice okay
let's yeah I'm gonna leave this here and
I'll come okay thanks okay she's cool my
quickly charge it less yeah
but
so I mean the kids I'm on the kids floor
um I'm on the kids floor hey and welcome
to the kids floor I think actually
there's some adult stuff in here as well
but I'm not sure it's all from Jules I
think this is officially like my
favorite of the whole bunch just look at
these for Less yeah so cute this little
pink bear hat and then these paw print
mittens and I love this color
combination on her just looks amazing
she looks so good in Gray's because it
brings out her eyes this is all her
stuff these are just tights
tons of little socks because she needed
a new song then we've got this outfit
which is it says hello petal that's the
bottoms I love this this I think it's
gonna look amazing on her it says hop
hop hooray and then these trousers which
look really wide but they'll fit her
because there are six to nine months so
they should be fine so these will be too
big for now but gray leggings and then a
bunny like dress pair of dungarees but
we actually have a dress that looks like
exactly the same as this but it's still
too big and also this shade of blue is
lovely on her because of her eyes
leggings but they look like footless
tights they're like baby leggings with
the big bum so I got a pack of two of
those and then this is adorable this is
like a little fleecy hoodie with ears of
course and then it worn I've got the
least poor Eduardo gonna be happiest
about is he has this short cat with
teeth that he absolutely loves and I
just saw these Welli socks and thought
of him instantly I really like him in
this green color I like me in this color
too actually and we have the same
coloring and then he loves these open
mouth tops you know again it's in that
nice green color and then these are way
too big for him these are aged six
unlike there's just no way like he's
three and he still fits like an aged
three trouser
Amelia's office all the right size so I
think she'll probably get you said of it
faster I got her some tights and then I
got her a pair of 1e socks she already
has what he's that fit her and these
have sausage dogs on them like Helen's
gonna die if she sees them just gonna be
so jealous basic Navy leggings this
horsey top I like Amelia in these like
jeweled homes like I think they just
look really good on her so this is like
a hot pink with a pony on it turquoise
II green with yay written on it that
jumper is cute and this was kind of to
go with the trousers that I got the
leggings that I got it's a cat print
knitted jumper and I think that's really
cute she's gonna like that cuz she looks
cat and then last but not least is me
they sent it in a size 12 which I'm not
really I mean I'm usually a size 10 so
it looks pretty big but it might be okay
and like oversized is fine for jumpers
anyway so it's okay first I was like I
never got this but yeah I do remember
because I got the it came this way and I
was like I don't remember ordering that
color I think I got it because of these
colors scarf washi go really well with
this jumper it's got a hedgehog on it
and it's in this like burgundy color
that actually would be a lovely like
autumn jumper and then this which is the
doggy print dressing-gown which I am
obsessed with and it's fleece lined and
it just looks so cozy I'm sure I'm going
to look like nine months pregnant
because it's just one of those things
that just like makes you look a lot
bigger than you are do you know what I
mean I don't care I don't care I just
want to wear this and be cozy oh I love
dogs they're so cute
are you chatting here are you chatting
to yourself are you chatting to toys
yeah well we put her in grandma's
knitted cardigan didn't we
god you're so cute I think I zoomed in
slightly didn't mean to do that sorry
but yeah she's in grandma's little cardi
because it's a little bit chilly today
and she's not got a vest on underneath
this since this is like a long-sleeve
vest itself so there we go
hmm you look so sweet it matches your
bow perfectly yeah unless you'd want to
see yourself look ah look at that pretty
girl look at that pretty girl can you
say Dada yeah can you say
Wow mama dada da da bunny this your
bunny stuffed bunny eyes I miss your
mouth
Oh mommy's mouth you're so cute
you know how cute you are I don't think
you realize you like meeting an adroit
are often a playdate so it's just me and
her
just how you like it a bit you hanging
out with your bun bun hanging out with
your bun bun
do you remember the don't want to ruin
too much with that film that I was
making there last year
as you can see we're deep in it as you
can see we are we are working hard
working tirelessly yeah we are I can put
the headphone I'm gonna try and put
headphones on you
this man are not worth
hopefully that is something that you are
going to be able to enjoy with your
eyeballs soon hoping to M get it into
some festivals of early on this year and
then maybe release it online once we've
done all the festivals and stuff if I
put it online first a lot of festivals
won't like that and they'll punish me
for it whereas if I give will try and
aim for like the best so I'm festival oh
we can find for this type of film to
just sit well and hopefully get some
recognition a couple of these bad boys
so this is best dad but for it so
hopefully you'll be able to see it that
soon enough though sometime this year
sometime in 2018 you'll get to actually
watch that film which is really cool
everyone to help me working on it was
amazing I've really enjoyed putting it
together it's been a long haul half
thankfully now the iMac Pro is
definitely working its magic working its
magic all the effects and the grading
and stuff and I got my little helper
over here huh what's up little helper
what's up little helper loving these
really Luke's organic kale multigrain
chips definitely recommend them
definitely recommend him gluten free huh
live in the flexitarian life it's not
normal
sorry just cleaning off the debris that
our dogs have just brought into the
house so little cutie little cutie
patootie hey he's gonna have her dinner
we're a bit behind schedule cuz I was
waiting for a text about when to go and
pick the median weirdo up so Jonathan's
gone to pick them up
who not me she just closed her eyes
date night don't get a fright tonight
because we haven't been on a date night
since last year just I mean on a date
night since last year sometimes have a
left the house is last year until it's
not that bad
very flourishing stuff so we haven't
meanwhile mama since last year either so
I feel like we should probably check it
out and see what it looks like see if
it's still the same everything's a
change something different for 2018 I
haven't just got katsu curry each time I
try it I don't even blog last time we
were there by trying it something
different every time I go up you look
really pretty though right there your
bag matches my car seat nice the keys
not at the doors whichever I wish it
will get tired of boredom while the
mountains will you do it look at this
jam-packed oh my goodness what's going
on lads it's just a video walk though
it's just a bit of cat see her oh my god
this guy's look rolled right by huh I
wonder if we're gonna be fed fast right
by Eddie a kitchen tomorrow
so I can wear red hats when somebody
dies Who I am
like anybody know
guys come to walking mama
let's get these team they're called a
lollypop prawns or something they're
amazing amazing we almost got the same
thing do I do Don and I got high tide
now yeah Keith oh about and the G
features
oh my goodness cuz it was so cozy in
there sikozu jonesin next to the kitchen
first date night of the year was a
success it was a success it was tasty
you froze wait or we won't go very far
see that I am now rhyming all my tweets
in 2018 so far I've kept it up it's like
the four that I've managed to all my
tweets so far this year have rhymed it's
been anything else I'll see you guys
tomorrow featured video presentation
situation I'll be enjoying the less you
talk the less you talk today is so full
of yaki udon Yankee weed on nine guys
were actually just home I know I said
look at this full moon this is full moon
is pretty mental look at this so we
broke our house what's happening is
there I think it wasn't someone monster
broke into our gate okay I think the
whole fence is like almost come down
hello hello oh they doing in here am I
supposed to put this back I can't close
it
that's and one more is a little bird gun
me Alice's I come down to wind the storm
that was happening was Germanic all
right anyway look at a moon though it's
amazing looking nothing when there's
that like one of those super moons or
something a the time we all go for we
understand for real yo
see you tomorrow
