what's going on in here bill if we got
to up you're so cute did you climb in
here like the old days you guys wanna go
in the sled
I found you find it mommy hid it there
so the idea would stop doing the sled
game but now I found the sled that looks
perfectly safe
are we all aboard don't follow
Oh
I got you gotta catch it you gotta
catch it you gotta catch it
did you
that one it's breakfast time okay so I'm
currently catering Amelia Eduardo a
unicorn and the penguin I know I have
Honda and vlogging that must be some
sort of new record coming fast at all
rich you know we haven't done that a
long time friends we have not gone out
on bike friend well I've got an atom
bike friend but dark but you guys
haven't come at him by frederik me in a
long time
we should we should organize a bike day
a bike day out we've invented a game
it's called san pellegrino football game
is that what his car ready all right so
it's a zero all right here we go
the duardo wired a pasta my dandelion
wardo what a tenderloin nice Cuban right
right a media pocket pass the line up
tonight I'm open I'm open come over kick
kick oh oh oh oh oh it's gonna be cold
it's gonna be a go has to get a pass
there you have to get a pass the can to
get it go oh one shot oh it was so close
it look
oh no it's gonna hell we are we what you
wanna go upstairs a daddy I'm do what
you gonna do up there I have to go bad
you only innate the iPad a very specific
times during the day would you know the
password what's the password
what's the magic words you have to say
please whoo
because daddy is aroused yeah okay we
finish the sentence I love my daddy
because why no I love my daddy because
he's like it okay you can just because
you love me but you have to say a
sentence afterwards so the reason I love
my daddy is because my daddy gave me no
you guys because I give you chocolate
that sounds like I'm bribing the
situation if say something something
nice that I do what society do you feel
what's your favorite thing to do with
Daddy and what no how can our
relationship revolver and chocolate and
iPads there must be more to our
relationship what else does I do love
hot love hearts apart from edible items
and electronic devices no way we have to
get to the bottom of this people need to
know why do you love daddy okay
just cuz you do enough takes that faster
watch laughed ahead like you you kind of
oh my goodness you can open it she can
open it DEFCON 4 DEFCON 4 nights she can
open it oh dude are nice what you doing
in here I'm handsome more oh boy
whoever bought us - did you let that did
it why don't why don't why don't you
could big piece of chicken there come on
me let me get that for you don't eat it
okay I got it I got it
you go clean the heads today okay hmm
Multi multi functional feet okay we come
up with a plan an idea
okay what's the idea and we can play
YouTube wit that day well we're gonna
play games yeah I need you and we put
them on YouTube is that sound like fun
would you like to play games and daddy
yeah and put them onto youtubes you and
me what can we play doh
I don't know I don't know either
like is there a princess pony kinda game
yeah a princess pony fan again kind of
my kiss day got one
Oh something that the kids like yeah
yeah but the kids love that on dead
people the kids love the Minecraft we
could do we could download minecraft on
the PlayStation okay and we could get a
controller each and we could record it
for our friends the kids are a bit
grumpy today
good girl okay I skate today the kids
are big 1b today yeah click there looks
like no no the kids are grumpy today
let's click they're sick they're hard to
go and get that smell I went you're at
my eyes
you want your iPad alright but yeah we
could do that we could probably get
minecraft getting media up little pink
controller cuz you can get all sorts of
controllers now where's my little grey
one I don't know I've lost it all know
it's pretty charging here yeah like you
can get all sorts of on the here little
pink one download mine guys can she pay
my grass
three I was busy writing Christmas cards
nothing got one else going oh my sister
don't one yeah bye I made a mistake
that's arena because they actually have
a different one oh and it's right look
at the cars or anime though they're so
cool when I say made like like ordered
what they do look cool though don't they
I think it's really cute these are fun
on the top hmm what about our dogs gonna
put them in here at hobby scene
advantage that's too many of the soon aw
let's go though mm-hmm do I get one
puppies are back from the grooming look
how cute they look
I love these bows they're really nice
yeah thank you Oh somebody just brought
a blue in
thanks guys
alright I actually recorded something
here um I went I went downstairs to the
basement I got into a box and I filmed
me playing the the slender thing and it
was terrifying it was a lot of screaming
and crying like a little girl hello
so my friends misgender situation it was
a friend richest anyway I'll be on my
overall minor channel you guys like that
kind of thing leave some comments and
I'll do it again
now we have to put the decorations on
that's the fun part
well done yeah you can yeah mmhmm yeah
first we need to put egg on and then we
need to put the decorations on which we
have like if I use an arrow here ah no
face mm okay ready oh gosh paper say can
you say can you say Lamborghini you say
Lamborghini Oh Kiki did you drive with
UT what do you drive sir say Lamborghini
you say Porsche
oh sure oh that was good can you say
Minnie thought it was good can you say
Corvette Punk pack
oh poor keep it good yeah yeah oh no
we've lost the car okay now Eduardo is
going up the ramp okay now are you
sliding down have you turned into
sliding we turn this life here okay
climb on climb on come on climb on this
is wet this is what happens with boys
lads it starts off as one game and then
it gets more dangerous as it progresses
that's you know it's fun three two one
blast-off - little dangerous device hey
ready three two one blast-off do you
need to learn how to use one of these
because we've loaded them and then we
keep me like best friends together best
friends ever got Mac how much is that
too advanced
oh wow event lament I'm Andy oh hey you
know we do we should charge that bad boy
who don't draw attention to me hi Hayley
whoa look what mommy made omelette it
looks like a quiche oh isn't it it's
like a baked omelet no I know sad do you
like salad
Oh what do you like oh sorry there is a
little bit yeah so oh you do like a
little bit of salad are you talking can
I talk to you now
oh yes mommy the SAS lads know where she
gets the Samson or ass look I don't know
if you guys can see dicey this here this
is why the water we were saying before
now you're naked wired out part out this
what we were saying before about he was
at a party and a naughty boy
bit him on point of the water and that's
why it happened about a few months ago
now right but look it's still left a
bloody scar on him that's why I uses a
bio it every night it did look a lot
worse than that huh
that's why he's really nervous around
parties name who's fine up until then no
I mean for that it broke the skin did
break the skin
poor little fella the media was very
upset as well about it
we didn't want to say anything close to
it because I didn't want to name and
shame oh you're making some concoctions
are you what are you make it I'm happy
for you copy for me nice this late for
coffee but you're a last one they're not
spill it oh no oh okay thank you
I think I might even hot coffee I
spilled on you oh nice thank you very
much
oh this is oh no I'm really sorry I see
in John spelt it again thank you always
says it again sorry jamas jim-jams
you're not very pretty in this shot
you're not
did you look very pretty hey only in
this shot though Marta's getting a
flossin yeah I just like to get a flat
and wardo asked to hold on give enough
laughing look at the final more I know
doesn't mean II need a fluffing mean I
did her sinew ah making daddy time
daddy's turn why don't look Bardot what
our skins falling off oh except rescue
no he need to get a little dose and
memory boards memory board memory board
yeah didn't know what's yours like look
at Amelia look at him he got your weirdo
feet mine yeah I got mine I think she
got one
did she I don't know his nails are weird
like yours huh yeah immediatel everyone
take go watch daddy's baby okay rhaggy
whatever do gamescape
games gosh video games like endgame
written down gone lactam namely you all
right get out of here save my friends
save my friends my friends it was very
civilized happy birthday nobody ok hi
I'll take it hi ok two things number one
if you are interested in gameplay videos
you can go over to my other channel and
can watch me playing the game of I
forget name Slenderman okay but
disclaimer and be warned there is harsh
language so if you are of if you have a
child with you or someone young like
just be worried it's a scary kind of
game and I kind of use a bit of naughty
language lads but if you like naughty
language and scary games it's right down
your alley way click the link below in
the description number two I don't think
Emilia is quite ready to play
um computer games you know because I
don't understand it and boy I'm very
excited for the prospect of actually
doing gameplays like imagine playing The
Sims or like Minecraft or Amelia and
maybe add water that'd be so much fun
anyway thanks for watching this video
hope you enjoyed it hope you enjoyed
deceleration if it's your birthday happy
birthday and yeah see you guys tomorrow
bye
