by fans morning friends and that's about
you I can't seem to open it by foot and
put it my foot oh I cannot open this my
foot rock rock this breakfast food and
little back part I was eating a full
sized banana like a monkey man huh you
can keep your full size that I like a
banana
you like a cheeky about Nana oh gee keep
on Anna what I catch Iggy Bowl era let's
go find your sister
Russell hurl good morning Amelia your
outfit is very nice good don't worry
mommy gonna have some breakfast the old
Wyoming is eating a whole banana eating
a whole banana like a monkey hmm
he's answer is eating a whole banana
like a monkey do you wanna convince
there's never hope another like a monkey
a little banana like a little monkey I
print this monkey yeah Jenny to Daddy
monkey no
well you'll probably see them in a while
you'll see them tomorrow - but you're
pricey in the lab hey horsey owe me two
dozen University in school it's okay you
have to get rid of you but you gotta go
to your mat Academy thing okay missus
well that's not really new anymore well
yeah we'll call it that and that's you
why does that dress though I won't bring
home for the driveway he's not dressed
but I'll bring him to collect you okay
you love me why don't you get it like
that Justin Bieber's on the new one deal
I might have mixed the two different
songs there must go something like that
we have a blocked toilet situation see
if we can fix the window careful movies
careful movies
Chinchin
those waters close in peas go peepees
let's go come on okay let's go to matica
and that my friends is the school run
it's always mayhem and chaos in the
morning trying to get out of the house
with the two of them
I mean you drop them off and then you
just get back in your car and you're
like that's very quiet now what are you
thinking about being a parent you know
it's like it's a bit different I like
different things excite you now you know
it's like yeah I was talking about this
is someone a few days ago and I was
saying like we get invited right to like
some craziest things like oh yeah so
yeah it was about to Tinkerbell we got
invited to go to Jingle Bell Ball and we
were invited to go and have like a
private and booth thing I think about
Paul and and what mate was like are you
mad that's amazing you know what I was
like yeah but like I just I'm like I
don't know I'm just like I in order to
date that I was on wouldn't miss out on
the kids and stuff like that and I was
like it doesn't interest me so much and
then like Harrods invited rest on am to
go see sandy in a couple of days like
this be cool I'm expert or gonna bring
us to these like elf workshops and all
this really cool stuff that excites me
more then go to drink about Paul and
possibly meaning like Ed Sheeran and all
those people like that would be really
cool but I'm more it's like it's it's
like it's it's like selfless you become
I'm not interested in getting things for
me anymore
you know I mean I'm interested in
getting things for the kids you know
things that are like oh my god you wanna
go to like this red carpet event or this
premiere or this cool party and I'm just
like I don't know you want to go dude
like winter one and every kid wanted
yeah yeah I do you know it's funny it's
same as like Christmas and Ikes I'm
excited for Christmas for the kiddos
so much for me and changing man I'm a
changed man and now it's a force to run
number two the doggies oh well there's
no running involved the school bus comes
on crazy young Canady
this is your punishment Bianca
is there an LP under there and it's
gonna try and beat me up you got one you
got one chance beat your husband up
freely wet it is wet punch 30 push-ups
now you won't make hard foam right it
wouldn't make hard punch your that time
whatever your main hand is how you can
number Robert oh my god not mad stealing
your children oh it was good
it's good pledge don't you ever learn to
defend yourself try roleplay what it's
up you're just standing there is Jaden
I'm the mother give me your money
oh okay I need an extra pack take it
that's what you would do though with the
man like always go for each other
you know honey I would party like
actually if I wouldn't punch because my
arms I would not be funny like I can't
use my nails nails yeah honey like
scratch them on the face yeah I scratch
them really like pinch and then oh my
god yeah she's not a good idea it is
because I'd be like oh no you scratched
me for like you would if a man came up
to you in this tree unlike attack you we
like their face are techniques for today
okay let me do my work here hi I like
what if she like turns edge or the belly
up Mirza
meaning blah kiss me I like I mean and
how do you kiss somebody like you mean
it
whoa all right
hello it's okay I know
oh there we go yeah you kiss someone
like you mean it
have you ever kissed somebody like you
didn't mean it I would like to know the
difference between kissing somebody like
you mean it and kissing somebody like
you don't mean it like if you don't mean
to kiss them is it like an accidental
kiss you know or if you kiss don't look
at me I mean to kiss you
is it the more okay this conversation
could go definitely wrong anyway
you picked up and wired oh he's back
there we're gonna go connect the media
we're on the opposite to disputed school
run number two the collection first it's
the school run drop-off now it's the
school run to collection school run to
the collection that's that's that's the
second name that's the saying the name
of the app yeah we got two movies when
they call it the sequel the sequel is
called the collection let's go and get
the child's number - hello child number
wait you're child number two turn number
one put him to a mental one let's go
Queen Amelia they've got your queen pat
on go princess Amelia I'm sorry video Oh
No
Amelia how's that working out for you
how's that working out how's that
working out
yeah your hat is off yeah
don't Punk into the car
don't be a car bunker gone bonkers mad
are you bonkers
no it is like that he's card oh okay we
made it back to the car one piece Queen
Amelia put her headphones on and her
little hat did you make that and today
it was so funny I came in it was like 70
okay doesn't that seven dudes about 15
or 20 kids in her class but they're all
sitting around having do you have a big
Christmas dinner was it nice I can see
evidence of the chocolate ice cream was
it good yes you have chocolate well
everybody treated me son so clicked when
I head back for pudding and then I had
some did you with the tasty
let's go we've escalated a drain
situation followed the cable he's
banging on the doors he's banging on the
door who's banging on the door are you
banging on the door you want to come to
daddy's office you want to do some work
yeah do you come on follow the Queen or
the Pope depends on the angle the Queen
visit or the bishop yeah that's the
garage of glitter if you touch that for
the rest of your days you will have
glitter on yourself okay sparkly is it
has a thing on it so no thing necessary
it's all blingy turn turn turn
we wish you a bling and Christmas wish
you a blingy Christmas okay turn and
stay the other way hold
oh it's so pretty isn't it little eggs
Manor diamonds or something like opening
it is I should've got you some glitter
rather than waste my money on diamonds
that's a fiendish or crush I always take
chocolates when they present themselves
look close it over
what is it right here only get my
toesies wet doesn't look pretty
huh no short cut real stuff like there's
no never knocks at the door keys we have
like a bell for the gate not that gate
the next gate at the front so there's no
one's ever actually comes to this drawer
but looks nice isn't it that was handy
NOLs nails necessary and a couple of
hours later I put the other one up
that's how long it took the source there
the source that and only kidding this
look at these two the two of them have
reached at em fighting stage in life
it's hilarious sometime but anyway there
you go it's really cool let's go from
back here wise to back oh these must be
fancy people this must be a fancy people
house hmm
I know let's go back to the Hogan stage
remember we're all hugging and lovin
each other we go back there one time
well we prepared an amazing feast of
Indian food then we put it in these
little boxes yeah yeah and today no they
don't go off what are they I do believe
I go mouldy like do you make them every
year yeah oh yeah so we turn them at the
end of the year to look cool though you
need to get them wet it'll be worth it
Media look at mommy
no one's Noah's laughing isn't Russia
the kids have left this makes a noise to
children even here is it tell me kids
aren't even in here enjoying this is
just me of that come on you have to
pretend where are you what are you doing
in here a buck how about the Jolly
Christmas postman no come on we sit on
the floor nowadays
her big were men men sit on the floor oh
okay
you sit down here okay we read it
together let's say goodbye to our
friends my friends you tomorrow thanks
for watching this video presentation and
roll Wow
done lit a burn burn burn burn burn burn
but don't burn the Christmassy look
there's the Christmas things that we
made you have dared ones that we made
just you know polished them up there for
the old and slate that was lesson new
you know friend virus was trying to
convince us oh we almost did it though
to go to our diner next week George you
were a saint I waited Sabrina Adam about
two weeks ago so I'm not we're so close
we're gonna book it and everything but
it was the doggies we couldn't get
coverage for the dog so we didn't go
well we're so close to going to I or
Dino Disneyworld for Christmas that
would be nuts though like you know maybe
next year I mean actually we'll have a
Christmas away or something like that
you know anyway hope you enjoyed the
video give us know like in a comment in
the subscriptions and lostie it tomorrow
bye friends
