good morning friends and a boy Chester
floss
Wow meeting our new chest of drawers
this morning the man came and they built
it isn't that exciting
yeah I called the lab myself I did my
makeup over there you can still do your
makeup that's cool what do you think
weirdo what's he seeing Gordo he does
want to do this makeup as well hello
from the other side
hello from the Christmas tree
hello our dough what is going off studio
am a street dance class or something
like that well the media's going to a
ballet class but today is the last
ballet class of the year baby sorry baby
dancing yeah baby ballet yeah hey yeah
because you know that is what's
happening with this ballet class guys
don't get any but I can't and what's
making my daddy's gonna be in the ballet
girl you know I'm trying to have a
conversation here for cheered no for me
sorry huh daddy's going to the ballet
class and I'm sticking around it's a
special one today
okay it's raining it's raining in me now
that's not fun let's go to ballet
all right we have arrived but there's a
certain muddy situation going on here
let's love it
by choosing mud again another great
combination going on here
so we excited from butter in the mud
it's a muddy ballet situation today as
far as I know it's actually all putting
on white dresses and going into the car
park and jumping in mud is that the plan
let's go inside
you
Wow we wanted to come and scare you
oh she came in and did this to me a
second ago boy he was scary which yeah
to go in the Halloween boxes oh why
right now you can be a Halloween
Christmas mean like later
Slater Gator we did do a Wizard of Oz
reenactment situation in ballet so we
had to find all the Wizard of Oz people
so maybe she's a wicked west to the west
quickly with the rest so I got one for
like a book we can set because I want to
oh we can share it together everyone -
oh so fortunately Eduardo's being
negotiated now it's changed now it's
being negotiated what while she was
eating her own chocolate it was too
early for him and now that she's
finished it is it yeah it's being simply
go see sorry Eduardo snooze you lose oh
no we're getting so many deliveries dice
this one laughing you're so annoying
you're going to reopen the game anyway
let's open these natural Oh Jonathan
just like use a pair of scissors oh I
could've be nasty chickadees much day
watching it can you open it properly
like a normal human being thank you also
look would it right oh did at em mini
Monet today oh my god so cute he made a
Christmas quick treat and why can I not
talk a Christmas tree decoration a
Christmas card and a snowman so I signed
up for this like family I didn't sign up
I joined a family club which is really
really cool because it like gives kids
all kinds of like activities every day
of the week so they have like
classes on and basically it's just like
really really nice clean environment
like really cool it's impossible just
window I hate it so much
try my oh my it's impossible together
isn't really anyway it's really cool
because it gives some loads of
activities to do especially on the days
that she's not in preschool so I think
there's a couple more he was gonna do
dancing today and then they changed it
to art last minute but I'm actually glad
he did the art thing
so yeah huh let's open this one so for
every day I'm between now and Christmas
Amelia said she wants to sing a
Christmas song ah so let me hear your
Christmas song for today
when I just did he sucks your rules my
daddy works for me cuz I have to sing
with yourself like I press okay okay
what song we thinking today first we
have to say Christmas per day alright
ready here we go hey Chris press play
take Chris whisper denote a young when
you eat it all up all up
Oh red you sprinkle on gusta Christmas
pudding
Christmas pudding Christmas pudding
Christmas pudding Christmas I think we
always have to eat it all up
did you just make that up Eduardo he's
obsessed
Oh God don't worry about now no iPad now
okay just cause daddy said so next one
next one is Santa comes out the chimney
right ready one why do you get in get
into this - don't get the bus are gonna
walk thank you I'm together I'm give us
up on the bus oh yeah you wanna get on
the bus too
they're dead
okay okay the bus is busy the bus is
dizzy we're busy bus situation the
busting is to drop its load the bus has
delivered the people hi you're clicking
at me oh well bomb I mean sent out in
the storm lads storm hurricane hurricane
worst ever storm calm for stroke I'm
getting wet oh let me in let me in anna
has a hankering she has a craving a
crazy craving Lutz
I mean sent out in the storm to
facilitate I need please hold
it's amazing how many conversations
we've had that you guys don't know about
so many times like you say stuff in the
vlog you know and then the next day or
editing and I'm just like no I'm gonna
take that out well that holds in part
that I talk to better duardo and stuff
like that you know and it's like you put
it at then it's like it's an opportunity
for some people to say crap about me
like I told you about parent or whatever
you know but I just wanted to want to
say and just maybe like relate to like
someone else
he was like going through the same thing
maybe feeling like oh yeah like maybe I
made that mistake as a parent you know
but it's just it's just gotta live I
just know it's just taking it's just
gonna live and I'm like huh there's no
going back now that's what I kind of
feel like well YouTube you know it's
like we're all in this together we're
all winging it as parents it's like
every now and again like I'll watch your
video and I'll learn something someone
else or I'll talk to another parent
I wonder Familia or do are those things
and we're talking about raising the kids
and it's like I'm learning from them you
guys are learning from our learning from
each other that's why I just kind of
stasis but maybe maybe someone else out
there I'm on a set and want to talk yeah
good point
another man hey you guys want to see I
think I'm gonna I'll Drive Trudy a down
Main Street you guys want to see all the
Christmas lights in our town it's all
Christmas Mikey you guys want to see
that is that something you are
interested in these comments tomorrow I
will come back and if the conness yeah
there's a chill in the air so crisp and
so fresh that frosty himself would be
proud to cheer everywhere four times
drawing close when loved ones and
friends gather
feeling of joy every girl every boy
knowing Santa soon will be here it's the
time what a time
my most magical time
hello welcome to Saucony Jolie's after
dark this is what happens when the kids
go to bed
we oh no well got some puddin and I like
to listen to royalty free music and
without your plane
oh is it not oh sorry well so happy wife
we have a garden growing in our fridge
here but behind this whipped cream you
know it's a frozen one you see yeah I'm
sorry I'll be I'll be out being
dilly-dallying
notice we came from Brody Jeff and
custard check puddin check we're gonna
have ourselves a whale of a time buffalo
mozzarella my coffee is being made Oh
boys and girls bullies and Colleen yo
take this fella here boom market look at
the corner looking at their sky open up
a little bitch Kohl's custard
unscholarly pudding that's the way to do
it oh don't be shy don't be shy don't be
a shy guy I don't want no shy guy kind
of guy you skimps on the custard when
putting it on putting that's of putting
some coffees and some ridiculous plans
like this one on expects me to watch a
movie oh my eyes aren't out of there
okay
all right look I've attached it to my
head no I didn't dip my head it's
attached to my head this is I haven't
attached my head it's like virtual
reality hey guys
anyway look what she expects okay fair
enough but it's like it's too much it's
too much this is what we do every night
we put it over here I anyway what kind
of a movie are you watching was it a
horror film is a retarded cousin I
wanted what promise it's beautiful it is
a woman and I heard about krump miss
today it's cold was it called crapless
campus Capone I wonder what stop what we
have to listen
yeah yeah but first we gotta go watch
Star Wars obviously very exciting Star
Wars hi hi right let's get this party
started watching a horror movie a horror
movie a horror movie it's a horror movie
lads halo heads all I want for Christmas
is a bigger puddin and I'm Rock load
look she's me she's trying to get your
cheese or my food yes you dare that's
what I come over here taking maybe you
don't love me Tina you just love food
this is what she always loved her nose
you guys what you got what you got what
you got going on down over Alicia's girl
anyway we're going to watch a horror
movie it's one of those paranormal and
when you find when you find a videotape
no you were in the original one
oh yeah so you know within it I'll I'll
be hey what the free guy don't worry
right into the bedroom
weird boys on let's weird I sat in the
chair mmm-hmm anyway let's get out of
here
coffees puddings hope you have a good
night friends thank you save my friends
don't forget to buy your wreath that's
an in-joke rags nobody no nobody knows
you're talking but nobody knows that
you're talking about income justjust
give up all right no see now I have we
seen had a crush on someone years ago
okay Fred prices art and the UK friends
know much in his website just just give
up
just leave the man alone all right we've
all made poor decisions in life I know
isn't your David laughing at his
business
oh Jesus right when he sees that would
you just
we're gonna go for real this time
friends thank you for watching
the summertime - do not listen to her I
do apologize for this lady I have
brought onto the show
come on Nevaeh civilize people over here
my puddings getting cold goodbye friends
see you tomorrow thanks for watching
say goodbye Cena why I'm fighting to
reach you gonna buy a wreath yeah my
friends see you tomorrow this is the end
slate it's the best end slate that
you've ever seen don't forget to hit the
like button don't forget to beegley me
clean like a dreamy star didn't know
where I was going with that but I've got
to go I've got to go because I've
children screaming upstairs children
screaming downstairs
children cheering everywhere there's a
lot of children and they're all
screaming thanks punch in video give us
likes comment subscription - lets see
you guys tomorrow
goodbye
