morning friends are we going are we
going a little old lady we're gonna
school is that exciting what's wrong
no one's gonna school we do anything's
good everyone wants to go to school huh
she only have about another 18 years of
us to go cuz i buy they will fly right
oh they grow up so fast let's they do
come on Monday morning Monday morning go
boom boom hey yo yo ass bo you dare what
the hoodie you there yo nobody hey buddy
hey buddy hey buddy hey buddy
where the poison gray were heard a
poison gray where the poison gray don't
go crazy boys a great pose do gray where
the boys and gray lads weed rides in
gray uh-oh what happened isn't hurt you
want to put it you want to put a hat you
want to put your hoodie up you know
daddy you get Bo put our heads up it
could be a bunch of hoodlums huddling
around over the land around town around
round town
alright let's chop this is why I don't
see unless you want to drive you want to
drive today you drive us in here okay
seen seen take a reasonable plan
first wardo let's put that girl put it
in can't put it in put it in the hole
Oh No
try again hang it all the way all the
way and you did it we did it we got it
in Christmas trees what should we get
mom for Christmas right Oh a little hint
in life I'll give you a room give you a
give you up always fight girls shiny
things like diamonds boys are like the
price of diamonds it's a sacrifice we
make okay you guys are gonna put up with
us and our idiocracy because let's be
honest guys I'm pretty stupid most of
the time but we have our moments moments
going hmm you want to walk a little bit
higher us huh
what do you think what
could you see would you see a teddy bear
pencils oh that's for doggies please
don't step in that please don't step in
lush look nail arts uh water engine car
yeah
what are you looking at this hand cream
what you want for Christmas why don't
you want to join a monster popper you
want a kitty bear
eyeball oh you want you on a very own
ball but anywhere on the ball to dinner
at why to enjoy this big event
big picture
except well we aren't intent it's not
Joplin you know I haven't quite got the
Lightning's openers like there but do
not turn down currently and it's not
quite as cool as grasp on Street rest on
street snowman is that a snowman shop
the shop
like hold my hand okay okay okay this
way come on we made it back into the car
just enough time to go collect Amelia
from school the good hits let's
come on meaningless being a burden it's
not let's go out till the next day Punk
someone lost the hatch now did you have
fun today
are you gonna hold white-nose hands
hello from the other side you don't know
that side meal hello you you weren't
there
Elsa do you wanna build a snowman you
have to scare me outside
oh I hear you oh I don't know i yeah
yeah now it's Chuck Chuck so Chuck okay
we're not gonna scare me - okay guys
getting dinner
mmm monkey messes come on monkey messes
that's the wrong door that's the wrong
door white runners football on the money
de lo vas Kor no get or no
partner loves the football I've been
practicing with him you need a lot of
training a lot of heart training this is
this is the training wall we call this
get a word out careful of the monster
door Oh heads shoulders knees and toes
oh no no not the string that's neat that
alone before we get in trouble come on
play football
This Is It this is the Euro 2016
qualifying Kay Amelia has been drawn
with Eduardo huh Oh ready ready oh yeah
okay okay yeah okay you okay yeah the
substitution come on toughen up you're
not gonna win two euros with that
attitude Pardo's turn this into Gaelic
Oh get it where do
pass it pass it kick it kick it was
teamwork are you on okay sounds like a
crazy plan we did it where no I got a
call oh wait a second what time is it oh
crap I got a can you drive I gotta go I
gotta go we got to go inside quickly
guys conference call Comfort stop
conference go conference call I'm
supposed to be meeting let's go let's go
place of work I have a pumpkin you gotta
bring them why do I have a pumpkin yeah
is a heavy heavy just keep on going come
on follow daddy follow daddy this way
this way come on where you going this
way already follow daddy
Oh Maddy okay it comes down across it
comes Santa Claus right down Santa Claus
Lane
Rosie musically okay it's gonna be hard
do you want to wait there and I'll come
back
you wait there okay wait there a second
let me get rid of this big fella no no
no hold on hold on did it fall it's okay
it's okay it's okay no Danny got it
okay come on I'll carry it you want to
come and see hold on his hand you got it
you got it you got it
you did it you made it looks like we
made it
oh look at these guys if you guys are
into em you know working with your body
these are fellas here are really really
good honey recently tried them out all
you see is like the kind of circular
ones these guys are so good put insert
like bodywork is like they kind of lock
into the ground then you can go like
they have such good to juice anyway they
don't make a video on math Jonathan
maybe I'll make a video and that Ciccone
Jolie should be my name well of course
but before anyone says I'm just like oh
man come on six years never missed a day
six years put up a video every day and
YouTube for over six years then come
talk to me
then slice yourself up all right we're
talking seconds Channel you like cars I
like cars to one we can be car friends
you'll be a car friend
okay we could do a kid we can rig a club
sometimes it's hard right you want a bit
of real truth here lads
sometimes it's hard when you got more
than one child because I had a media for
so long on my own it was just me and
Emilia and I was I was concentrating so
hard on trying to give him media the bet
to be the best dad for Emilia that I
knew have to do and and then we had
Eduardo and then Eduardo was a baby so I
was like were lucky to arts baby so I
let him eat I let I'm not sort of like
you know I mean take a lot of that Oh
responsibilities because you know she
was breastfeeding she was baking she was
like at the baby stage and then Eduardo
sort of grew up a little bit he became a
toddler a little boy and I was still
just concentrating on trying to be a
great dad to Emilia and you know I
didn't like neglect him or anything but
you know I mean it's it's hard you know
and then I don't know a couple of months
ago maybe no not even that like I was
just there saying I was like going I
think I'm like a really bad dad to
Eduardo I don't think I give him enough
time in my day you know because I've
been so wrapped up and trying to give
Amelia a great life when Willie wardo
but now I've tried to compensate for
that by trying to I don't know if you
guys have noticed more in the videos I
get your foot in there get your foot in
there but I'm trying to bring it wire
off on little adventures like I would
normally I would like I'm gonna go to
avenge I'm gonna bring a child normally
my coach used to take Amelia but now I'm
trying to go to and take it right off oh
hey yeah my go-to child is Eduardo now
but then I'm still trying to do stuff
with Amina as well you know I bring in a
school and ballet and something I had a
reason I did register day that's when I
try and like soak up as much of this
childhood thing as I can because it's
going to go away but before it does I
want to make sure that I cannot gonna
look back in ten years and go I wish I'd
spent more time with Jerome I wish I'd
done this with no more I wish it on that
with them you know I mean as annoying as
it is you know I've got my parents it's
annoying as it is these little guys
there to everything there's just
everything and one dream is about to die
get away from that
oh you are a monkey right let's get out
here just you and me my friends thanks
my friends a boys club whoo boys whoo
boys clubs but but boys club but boys
boys boys club tomorrow hello from the
ends late glad I am just back from me
Lea's final ballet class of the year
and it was one of those ones where I got
invited the parents get to come and
actually invite because the media is at
an age now where we just like drop her
off stead of classes it was amazing it
was amazing anyway Eduard's gone off to
do some what her dance class thing which
is crazy jhummer like i like to try all
my kids and loads of different things
like let them like try football and
gymnastics and swimming and Vanson
Eduardo has decided to pick up swimming
and then we're trying this other dance
it's like like street dance kind of
thing and immediate decided to go with
ballet and she's starting gymnastics
soon so yeah you gotta try it off try
before you buy anyway he's watching
today's video I hope you enjoyed to get
a little running at a time likes
comments favorites subscribe shion's
goodbye
