morning guys guys guys let's go faster
mode faster mode you want a super fast
mode you want a super fast mom with new
green kind of mode hello friends and
good morning so the internet situation
not good appear to be on currently
slight issue so we're up we're trying to
figure out what's not working today we
decided to sit in the chair and then
it's turn into a game always there's
always the game there's always the game
I have okay all right you are you won it
fast
wha that was all part of the plan folks
guys check out has grown up Amelia look
look at your hair is so long she looks
like a proper little girl here let me
move this light me there we go we look
amazing and she's got her boots on her
big-girl boots which looked like me
oh no Jonathan looks cool
can you change his pooing up if you
don't trust me you know dressing her say
t can you say happy Christmas they sent
up coming yeah
are we ready for an adventure with Daddy
daddy and Eduardo and I mean the
adventure the ventures cut short no the
adventure still goin me too
I mean there's a pocket full of toys
what do you wanna buy some presents your
bread bread and custard they still
haven't gotten all I did in our time
where I got my country my pony but I
technically still have a pudding in the
fridge that needs to be consumed I also
need to clean my car okay that you can't
even see the calipers and you what color
does calipers ok nose you passed the
test
keyless unlocked oh no I need to get a
seat forward oh it's clean this car
lines
he's got the muddy feet lies lies lies
we got a kid spun Oh beauty oh my
goodness I thought we're gonna have one
of those situations we're gonna end up
driving around for about seven years and
eventually give up huh
we did it guys we did it
we got a spot oh my goodness it never
happens in a Sunday you can pick
whichever one you like the most
all right this one here this one looks
good hmm now which side do you want to
sit on you wanna sit on side so we put
water on this side you did boom okay and
then media goes in that side now we only
need the very very important basics okay
guys nothing silly and ridiculous so
we're gonna need some deep filled mince
pies to start off with all right one
each
now we need gonna need some customer
with them what do you think yeah I think
cus it's gonna be needed
oh we need some high school teammates in
gravy who needs some butter it's a
cheese and some ham and some stuffing
and some cranberry juice and some pork
we're gonna need a bigger Charlie in
your tummy but if you have to choose one
of them now one word about the cross on
it because oh wow
we'll put them with our other selection
of only the very important what no we
have to leave it here with the only very
important things that she wouldn't
achieved cross church people
oh no what's happened here okay where
does even come from
I thought so that's a big Tim hey hey
hey oh my goodness at the network they
grabbing things off just let go off the
shelf we did get our guardo the little
chocolate thing would have to be
confiscated because I turned around and
he had opened it and he was eating it I
wanted girls to stop kill with me and
she was like I didn't wasn't sure he was
supposed to be doing that or not
no no no he's a Messer I have a master's
house
come on each get master and he's turned
into a boy he used to be our little
sensitive Eduardo I know you want to eat
this but you have restraint Eduardo does
not has not mastered restraint to start
we have adjourned
you gonna open that word oh no no no not
open - okay and we have returned with
just the bare essentials and a couple of
pies and a couple of sweets and a couple
of cakes and a couple of custards and
buttons and things like that but it's
basically the bare essentials now I see
in the duardo going the wrong way
come along doggies I mean it has a big
bag of bread in her hands dogies we got
just the bare essentials kids right a
fun eh Joe where they I grab everything
hi we just got the bare essentials the
bare essentials the Christmas bare
essentials
check out this situation and to cross on
ghoulish huh
we're the first adventures of the cross
on goulash how to get your children to
eat to eat vegetables and soup when all
they wanted is carbs the cross on
goulash it tricks the mean yeah blows
it's hot hot soup is it nice you like to
cross on goulash you have to make a
video on your mama's channel I have to
make the cross on goulash
we're Nanaji doggies may I say maybe up
here I think they're up here
I think the Naughty Dog user up here
naughty doggies goaty goaty I'm in some
sort of a music video yo see in a home
with my windows and my phone gonna be my
daughter Bowl it's that home fool
no hello just got like felt like that
the lights wrong anyway little girl it
was then there you know you know he's
not protesting he just keeps gonna walk
out here oh one shoot one which one she
has her boots on right she manages to do
it but you always puts the wrong foot in
every time we see her like just is there
is no such thing as uni shoes which
don't need left Hey inside in Wydell
okay you know it's testing the rules
he's a rules tester this one doesn't
come in all right let's have a chat with
this one and this one oh yeah look at
that one
it jumped it jumped down any Hill can
you climb down here no come on I'll help
you
okay I won't get you in trouble
you didn't you made it well careful we
did it okay
all right you you get these doggies in I
would not ever get you wet
oh say it in Italian Bella I mean I can
speak Italian if we didn't know all
right any pop come on I'm a bad and I
like man leafy that is why I'm having in
the two
organics before partnership for the
manly men that like the dinosaurs this
is also a manly man
do you like the pasta sauce you like at
the pasta the pasta prego prego pasta
ragout Buon Giorno ciao prank
get up there gah and you too pal
in any way cooking some dinner making
some fun little pasta shapes for kids
and parents alike because the parents
are too lazy to make their own separate
pasta because he does that oh you do hi
don't hide owns i am okay many shapes
are great
alright there before this child is more
into place pull it out of here into the
bad lighting oh the bad light alright
Eduardo your job is to pour all of them
into here but you have to do it like
safe and a good boy you're going to eat
that aren't you you do realize that's
not like a packet of crisps or something
yeah no that's not going back in eat it
is it nice you like it no okay now I
need you to pour these in here okay ki
think you can do that safely yeah okay
hold it in your hand hold it in your
hand go boy raise it last bit good boy
Oh God thank you thank you for that it
really helped me here now our dough
which is yep that's a good place for
that hmm what else do we need sugar okay
would you say so you hug in each other
is it why are your favorite brother
we have here like yeah okay we're bit of
a buffet going on as well like two
leftover dinners this fella here this
way this is where I'm after more - but
the kids are gonna hear that's here hmm
what do you want Albie Oh what's he do
why don't milk or malt so what exactly
do we thinks gonna happen here hmm
should this happen here oh boy
that we shoot with some proper practice
you should be able to do a full lap you
should be able to do
bringing every fire that time you know
we need we need a ramp oh my goodness
you know my words one down two down okay
before let's get if this gets any
control let's say bye friends friends
thanks for watching again one more time
one more time
one we have the center blog okay one
more time
then today you sing that as I pull you
along
couldn't you just listen to her laughing
all day long and if you guys ever heard
Eduardo's little belly laugh oh my
goodness he is so funny like he gets in
these little fits of laughter and his
little belly cuz he has like a little
potbelly thing or on it like wobbles is
like it's so funny they're so cute like
I just can't help myself just like kept
them hyper and play with them all the
time
hey I hope you enjoyed today's video
presentation it was a presentable in a
presentable fashion gives no like
comment in the subscription and Merry
Christmas a mince pie and some custard
as he tomorrow
