the boring friends hands were on a bus
we're heading to the kitchen we're never
more children this bus he's gonna need
to be upgraded some service trailer
system or something like that from the
bus
we got the toll booths a toll bridge let
me just let me just pay the toll bridge
okay okay all right let's go if they
walk from here we got a runner they got
it runner what real breakfast okay let's
go let's go let's go pianist - shouting
bell jingle bell jingle the right leg
over Sanders
all the way let's get dressed folks with
a very important day today the media is
doing a princess ballet recital
is that exciting why let's go let's
brush teeth
keep singing at the same time we're
getting dressed for Amelia's ballet
party
I know Eduardo no any now so Amelia had
three options she could be Sophia Aurora
or Queen Elsa and what did you pick of
course
CJ's I'll brush your hair in a second
and Eduardo also I used to like wash
their hair every three days I mean used
to I always do my left in a few days
this time so I think it's been tonight
of these six days just to see and I
actually think their hair is better when
I don't wash it so much so I don't know
like with kids like I wash my hair twice
a week so I just always did that with
them but I don't know is that wrong
so let me know how much you wash your
kids hair like should I just be doing it
once a week
I just feel like it gets like it needs
to be washed but then it actually it
doesn't get greasy because obviously it
off like teens yeah I just don't really
know
that's all right thank you let's pick a
bow okay check out Amelia's plant okay
turn around
Wow so she looks just like Elsa okay do
you want me to show you friends would
you oh my goodness like seriously you
just assaulted me assaulted me
nobody attacked pepper me salt and
pepper dude didn't mean the condiment
you joke there like she get in a store
no get somebody good look at my hair
it's so depressing
look it's not falling in oh but he had
little bubbles they said to me they said
listen happened he said you get really
upset new calls I mean you you demand
that it didn't work anyway this one want
to talk to you about taking this stuff
right so YouTube went and made us our
own personal Christmas pajamas how cool
is that um yeah let me just throw it on
the floor here so you can see what I'm
talking about here folks then look at
the Coney Jolie's and look it's like it
kind of looks like the intro kind of
thing I don't know that's never gonna it
how cool is that don't know why it's
just rubbish like these things arrives
today and the signing the wall they're
all yeah oh you can't see them she had
sign that touch them already but if
you'd bought one of Anna's and neckties
is on Black Friday
you got like a special signed one she's
got quite a lot to sign is YouTube wait
is there somebody else under Jack under
jumper
wait what else is on the jumper do you
see anybody else you know who
your other daughters where who's that is
that Daddy and Mommy and Emilia and
Eduardo and your six doggy friends
Ciccone Jolie's on YouTube wow that is
really cool
ah can you say thank you YouTube wide oh
yeah it's cool isn't it
well you stay there for a second that is
to get dressed we're going to the
princess party ball
how are you ready to go do one of our
special shoes on shore fender shoes
Jesus excuse me wearing mommy's day red
unfortunately Anna can't go cuz someone
has to stay home but wardo but anna has
to sign 20 million cards so ready oh
yeah do any way to travel around your
own property see a bike be a miniature
bike being put away oh Jesus jeepers you
are put about the collection of Motor
Vehicles ah
alright oh there's no car seat in the
car well it's about it
hey get inside is that in side keep your
chest lifted up okay go to the car I
need to get your car seats I forgot it
wasn't there you are here we just met a
couple of other princesses in me yeah
Queen Elsa calling only be late no the
no going quiet
the clock is coming yeah we do I wasn't
a pear fry I didn't realize that I went
in and they were just like okay thanks
we'll take it from here and I was like
what what's a-happening oh my goodness
Amina is gone she's gone to a party
without us
well it's a school a party it's a body
school party and there's no one let in
there other than the children and just
like fifty ballet staff there but still
you know it's got a funny note and she
was walking to the door it was I'm not
doing every other parent was turned away
at the door I was walking back crying
with a sad face going I don't understand
what's happening what's happening yeah I
told we're gonna stay I thought it was
staying I thought I was invited to the
princess party I'm not a princess why
would I go to a princess party yeah as
she walked in she sat down with about
another 50 else's it was hilarious it
was like just a room full of Anna's and
Elsa's and tangled girl and Sofia's and
I don't know it's topical area so I was
like oh my goodness look at the amount
of like frozen frozen people that were
there I'll keep the heating on
there's no Olaf still it's polarizing to
present all my princess anyway that's a
ditz go home and tell Anna it's like
what are you doing home already I'm like
children this is how it starts
unfortunately she's going to school now
I was just going to parties without us
she's going to parties without us guys
this is like this is next-level stuff
next thing she's gonna be stuck on a
discos and clubs and getting like Anna
Stanley's home alerts are like pack her
Addison Lee account and see what
warehouses she's going here or something
so just as well the kids are not here
well Edward ass upstairs is steep and
immediate after Christmas party but em
look what just arrived talk about it
well at all I think it's all that
Christmas present is this all that
Christmas presents it looks at Larry's
like cuz you tonight were Amazon and
we're like let's just prime everything
together a half window compacted it this
year because the kids get so much stuff
you know which is an amazing opportunity
to be in that I don't know how much our
children is want which is incredible and
it's party then to you guys so thank you
for doing that for my children but we
decided to get them you know but the fun
part for them is like opening the
presents so we got them lots and lots of
like little things like we didn't really
get the money big presents to share
likes lots and lots of fun no thanks for
them that's why it seems like oh my
goodness is ridiculous amount of stuff
but it's actually it's just like little
tiny things I think it's hilarious
because I saw the guy in this game you
can't walking past and he was like hold
my thing hope you got no but I was like
oh we did actually got a couple of bits
and bobs and all right let's bring these
all that stairs and hide them okay check
into Silvana
how much they need even to love this
every Christmas though I always am I
always got like torn between you know
bringing you guys along you know I mean
showing you guys like I'm sure had I
have we not have as many viewers and we
didn't have a such a large reach I feel
like you know it's ridiculous a like
with great power comes great
responsibility but I feel I do feel
responsible for you know si n ta you
know mr. mr. big man I'm sure there's a
lot of viewers watching or you're
watching your kids were beside you or
there's a young child in the room he's
like paying attention because Emilia is
very astute to conversations you know
and the older I get the more it's like
well I want si n ta to last as long as I
possibly you know so it's like I'm
always torn about whether I should
involve you in thinking of and the
creation of it and all that or should I
just say nothing normally I just say
nothing about it and I hide it all I'm
just like I don't want her I don't want
to feed her a revealer my brother
revealed it to me
I mean inside of it I played it cool
like yeah I know then I went to my room
and glad oh my god with you watching
wardo Oh machen no you're totally crazy
see that Jake my friends I need that
they're white your socks over here
alright I'm gonna go collect your sister
from our party
you love you mister man what water that
home did you have fun you got a Milky
Way what's this she make a crown Wow
did you have fun yeah you gotta find
Christmas there's so many there's so
many else is in here huh you man
we go home get me to open this now and
all we get in the car we all right disco
feet look at you get your feet are all
lit up look at you funny girl go do it
away go the other way it's like the
little lights I know we get some light
we put the reindeers on yeah okay go on
one you look so funny
explosions of light did you share
somewhat wardo guardo some meaning we
got a milky barn chillin in the shower
right oh I'm a keyway lucky bar the
Milky Bar kid oh so cute is this good
little share Sunday Oh probably gonna
shave this one no it's okay it's okay
give him a hug it ended right oh thank
you giving him the wrapper
all right that's it that's it we're done
we're done we're done Gio's
save my friends save my friends what Oh
see my friends and that is how you
successfully calm and relax your
children before bed nukkie super and
that comforting crazy Jonathan and
original never miss a video
Emilia Eduardo drives an obsessive
loving YouTube family friends pony as I
was on Twitter yesterday and I was like
that's really cool I love you like do we
like creative ends lights you know and
feel free to send me some Crimbo and
slides lads
I was dipping into the pile up like the
20s sort of 14 was it 25 I don't even
know here it is it changes every single
year how am I supposed to keep up with
it it's like people's ages it's like oh
hello oh you're this age boom
now you're another age I'm like just can
you not just like pick an age and stick
with it anyway thanks for watching
today's video presentation hope you
enjoy us hope you had a life
give us know like will trade likes for
laughs likes for laughs thank you
Trudeau right
anyway comments and subscriptions and
I'll see you tomorrow bye Brad's
