good very early morning friends so
myself and Anna you should be over here
sometime soon there she is
are heading into central London we were
working on this project to do with the
Macmillan charity so we're adding into a
hospital in central London
you know the people is working this at
it's just a video project that's gonna
be um I think it's gonna be like
embedded into this big live show or
something they're doing it's very
exciting but I had to get up super super
early to go do it and I have a silly guy
has been here for ages and he's probably
given up on our existence alright we're
here as a hospital we're just about to
get our knits on to do our kits and then
we're actually doing them just a coach
got here and they're actually doing a
full we didn't realise it's not I hate
workout but it's a low-impact workout
that Kent training circuit training
first tee in the morning the video as
the day goes on I'll show you more about
it before that it was like what I didn't
realize it actually do workout so got a
new jumper look it's got a little nose
on it yeah Gilligan is reimbursed is
that ooh - nice anybody's in there in
Primark right the maximum price it is
like 14 bands and one pads fifty of that
goes to do Macmillan Cancer Support
that's pretty cool isn't it text added
October that's why he's here listen to
me that gets split equally between all
three charities which I'll make a wish
the cat's paw anything is he wrote the
script yeah oh yeah you should totally
get one no get this one the little
carrot nose hi I'm Anna and I'm Jonathan
and we're the Ciccone Jolie's and we're
here today to visit an incredible
project run by ahead million cats to
support the Macmillan Cancer Support is
one of Mike's under three charities
along with make-a-wish UK and Save the
Children so let's let's find out how the
money you donated and you raised is
helping support families at Christmas
boom that was it right yeah I think we
got it we were learning our lines so
when you were carol and i carrollton
part in the class that i was just
involved in i Carol tell me the impact
has had in your life from before and
after I definitely have a lot more
energy than I did to start with that's
the reason why I started the classes
because I just felt tired all the time
after all the treatment tell me a little
bit about how it's affected your life so
book from before and after I've been
having cancer for about five years and
seeing if 2010 and because the cancer
chemotherapy a lot of chemotherapy
radiotherapy
and not Energon was fired Monday told me
about this exercises are the beginning
so we're heading to these external shot
in this cafe down the road but like I
just want to show you guys this view
over here look at this thing
that's so cool isn't it let's get the
entire to get the cat look at the
skyline yeah uh-huh
the skyline really miss the elevator
we're now currently looking for a cafe
I'm not sure where we are or in this
place in London squeezed between across
the coffee Starbucks and hard and who'll
treat coffee shops all together one of
the visitor
we are lost but you are here
so we took this photograph when we were
when we were shooting today right but
look I need you to stand I'm having a
competition and it's tweeting a similar
picture but you guys need to go to our
Twitter accounts and retweet this every
time you guys would tweet this look them
text and true print selfie donate one
pound to ITV so like could you imagine
if we retweet like tons and like I was
in them
oh boy I'll be cool we're just home that
I just started wardo walk past their
second they go I know I think that's why
I'll
more hi Amelia let me come in please
are you gonna let us in it's locked
did you miss anything did you no why do
you miss Betty did you I got Santa it's
a Christmas camera
I miss my whole little family did you
miss me what did you wanna see daddy's
jumper oh I think my jacket off it's
like Olaf's nose what what's up there
the Christmas basket where did the
Christmas basket come from if you can
say the name of the place it come came
from
do you remember keep them over there
looking from don't know where they come
from they come from hair hair wash Harry
Caray they come from Harrods but you can
eat all the chocolate because we are
invited to go see Santa Claus inherit
he's not gonna be exciting and they sent
this big hamper as well
where is he gone there's just a minute
Manas just eat never the neighbors okay
lollipops wait this is the Shelburne
honours it wasn't for merits rates the
thing you want careful look at his joke
here right this thing actually yeah the
mine yeah are in there I once had one
dog he wasn't that bad
then I had two dogs and it was a little
bit mad
one morning I walked up and I had six
dogs who screamed and shouted and peed
and pooped everywhere I looked they were
a great little routine to keep where you
gonna get get look hippity hop hippity
hop hippity hippity hop okay this lads
I don't know how is Santa Claus Santa
Claus has how many Rangers he got what
we have a child
we have a child I was breech quarantine
the child has breached quarantine hey
you don't have a jumper a coat or a
jacket you're encouraging the little
fella
Oh No did you get your hands wet did you
get your hands wet but Eduardo you have
one sock in one boot on back inside back
inside back inside back inside white oh
okay no no no no no no wait here for
Amelia okay I'll go get Amelia okay you
won't be long wired oh okay we're just
gonna get Amelia and get all of the
doggies
they're all gonna come inside like good
good little doggies that they are okay
thumbs up oh is this n see it's in C
okay uh hi there
Amelia Thomasina Saucony Jolie how is
you how are you going you're doing good
good morning guys he says that he says
that he says good morning guys okay
you're not gonna tell me okay come on
inside
anyway we should name this Alfie we
should name this Zooey and we should
name this Nala though your ears have
fallen off what do you why oh my oh no
okay so you might need my just minor
surgery it's Nala or Noah I'll say
sometimes caught her boiler Eduardo all
right come on let's go back to our dough
he's getting upset that we're not here
okay thanks for helping me get the dogs
you're wonderful
Oh send I'll be in
I don't get a new ID next time in my
house you're getting a new iPod next
time in your house cool did you say good
night to the Christmas tree what take
iPad did you say it makes it a Christmas
tree
right Oh night mommy
mommy's cleaning Dougie's ears come on
let's go upstairs so we're going to
watch the Snowman in the bath I think I
catch you have a few children thank you
guy won't take iPads to pick up them
yeah not really but okay doctoring that
gas or they got Winnetka this where do
you happy with the toy necklaces instead
of iPads yeah oh yeah I've had two
coming next week oh cool oh is it Mina's
iPad there well we just need one iPad
guys no it's okay weirdo because we're
gonna watch the Snowman come on we can
watch it in this one come on you want
your iPad notice okay we're gonna no no
we only need one iPad go to the bat
we're gonna go to the bat mister protest
Edoardo forever protesting eduardo do we
ever saw her friends our snow machine by
myself what do you know okay can you
take your clothes off by yourself that's
impressive
it's impressive never show you guys my
my snow machine
okay first let's show our friends our
snow machine so you get a big lump of
suds myself ready
and it's ours let it flow let it flow oh
it's all over the camera that's how you
make it snow all right Lloyd ooh wah ooh
wah ooh opening it open it all right
let's get the Snowman under go what do
you do area this is a really really good
cartoon you guys wardo we were having a
moment intensity was increased just
inside there and I went off and look
it's another bigger p.o box collection
shipment thingy got to Oh Mike what did
somebody send us a big bag of bricks
what is it it's fiji water thank you
from Fiji there's something that's heavy
in there it was
it's freeing inside and open her up yeah
that would explain a lot of the weight
issue what's this one oh yeah so you
tell me you guys are asking me what is
the the new p.o box chest because gleam
have moved from Lenin Street I actually
put it in the About section on the
channel but I'm guys don't send this
stuff in fact you can even watch these
videos every day is amazing the fact
that you believe comments and you like
us and you you follow us on Twitter and
you come to our meetups and you hang out
order so you you gotta Connors or
support us in any way that you can this
means so much to us you know I just
don't you guys spending your own money
you know keep it YouTube is free Wow
YouTube bread is not gonna be free when
it rolls out but then you
no hat so it's kind of good but yeah
it's like I like the fact that I make
and I make a free thing for you it's
free it doesn't cost you anything which
is pretty cool that's a pretty good deal
who would complain about fashion the
best approach what's happening this is a
very famous song guys it's really
important to brush your teeth by the
songs on as well the foreigners have
moved over this side is a different a
different situation this is my son the
son of a gun may only little son of a
gun if I have more little good boys
they'll also be my son of a guns the
many guns that I can have I can buy a
gun racks of its mo is it my son my son
of a gun may one'll do son of a gun
say bye friends video presentation
situation you can just go what mad lads
I really need to address something I
need to dress the fact that we are
amazing human beings oh my goodness look
what we've got
that's it stay even enter on this video
that was me yesterday saying like
imagine we got a thousand retweets each
for 500 each even like we got a laugh
and in the 17 thousand retweets the
17,000 pounds
we raised for tech Santa yesterday
go find find those pictures on Twitter
and just keep mashing imagine we could
get it up but I don't know we're like
let's let's do it let's mush it man I'm
actually he got like that to like 10,000
ER imagine I was like 20,000 age of 42
oh my goodness and as for ago all you
gotta do is retweet a tweet very proud
of you very proud of us as a community
we're good people
okay while you're at it give it know
like in the comment and there's a
scripture than the Ken and and well so
did you
I don't know retweets and see you
tomorrow fight
