morning Flint why do you lie to me
did you it's frozen 3d Oh we don't see
what happened okay
let's have a look what was it good start
I'm still asleep over there all right
early gonna fall over
well that was nice that you try it
though are you excited right now
Wow
your Chi looks so good did mommy make
that for you last night yeah
here's White House tree why does she
doesn't look as good as your tree no
that's for your tree right oh it's okay
Mia hey this is your Chi white Oh
oh no come here this is your Chi I'm
building your tree now he's ascended up
stole a baby here why do three Miglia go
over give y2 a hug and say sorry come on
come on it's the right thing to do go
over to our doe give him a hug and say
sorry Go Go come on each side
I'll get him over there get my mug and
say you're sorry
thank you good girl I wanna know you
want to see your Christmas tree now it's
called family politics 101 Christmas
trees you know always showing what we're
doing okay well building a Christmas
tree for white Oh Eduardo can now open
and close the cage why is it you need to
watch it but look at cute they look
oh my goodness you look like the
Christmas dogs thank you
Oh jingle bells or something I want to
pee in the business if you bring a three
into the house I'm gonna pee on it
Suzie oh I didn't worry I'll be got a
brown one the teal got a brown one too
or is he getting like an old man brown
one I did like the two small ones the
same I did the boys the same and I
didn't a van scene on the same yeah and
the van Tina the big ones and now and
now or I don't I'll be esterified
Eduardo wardo is unpredictable
unpredictable you know let's go get a
Christmas tree it's really important
guys at Christmas time to do some stuff
for charity you know we're giving all
the meeting as wear those clothes away
well not all of your clothes your boots
and spices and show these remedies this
is so cute I love the clothes and then
he got some jackets and coats and Anna's
clothes what have you got in here
it's just nice to use a Christmas light
because the kids get so much new stuff
and then they grow so fast and you don't
wear them so it's nice to give them away
to somebody who needs two more no better
time than Christmas for the spirit of
giving and being a good member of
society
what do you is doing what kids you gone
crazy
hello everybody and welcome to this
Taccone Jolie's do you miss me on this
channel we're just talking about this
cuz ever since I've been doing vlogmas I
feel like I haven't been vlogging on
ciccone Jolie's which is so annoying
reader yeah I feel like I'm cheating on
somebody I had fully intended on doing
main channel videos and then we started
traveling I was like right I need to get
videos up so I'm just gonna started
interesting give it then people were
like don't go back to doing main John I
want you to do blonde but since there's
like a storyline going and he like
thinks that when he's gonna vlog I like
forget to vlog half the time like it's
just different so I don't know like but
then I feel like you probably get more
rambling
crap in mind and some people like that
so I think it's interesting when I see
me in your vlogs because yeah there's a
lot more of you in my vlog not vlogging
exactly as a normal person will say Anna
when you see Anna in the saucony Jolie's
is because Hanna is not the main vlogger
so if you're like she's always on her
phone it's like no because in your vlog
in my vlogs we were like you're such a
good mom exactly am i that you're like
hands on mum and Jonathan seems like
it's not even there
whereas I always get the opposite it
looks like I wasn't even there for I
know daily vlogging is freaking hard
guys I just want to put that out there
as well no but I'm so proud like of like
cuz I want to make a really good piece
of content every single day ya know I've
been watching a lot of vlog misses this
year and I have to say
I know it's gonna stand biased because I
married him I have to say that
Jonathan's are the best like Jonathan's
daily vlogs are better than any other
youtubers that I've watched does that
really mean to say but I love all the
other youtubers too but I just I can
appreciate his skills like he has skills
please don't tell me it's gone please
don't tell me it's gone
alrighty roos oh well we do a mixture
lucky coating in shoes and clothing and
shoes are this one's more compelling
look at the pictures this one hasn't got
pictures on it Dell let's go to
Christmas world first look at this oh
it's a bargain it's a bargain bin that
would be cool I wouldn't it a little
welcome thing oh look the polar bears
hello the deal oh my goodness that's
making my sleigh look terrible
that sleigh is epic okay can I have our
heads like that please yeah
the Penguins why don't you see all the
Penguins that's cool
500 quid you can probably get a real
reindeer for 500 quid but they need have
to feed it and I get that Christmas tree
this one here in the middle pre
decorated and everything
it's so cool again well he's lost we've
lost them lost the chance oh of course
you found Elsa yeah that you just find
Elsa's everywhere you go yeah Oh touch
it water
yeah one more time is that we're saying
yeah Wow
where's having fun dancing you know
we're getting wonderful Christmas all
right lads oh my goodness
this is exciting all right operation who
can find the best Christmas tree are you
ready to play the best Christmas tree
game yeah
on your marks get set go
Oh lads is it reindeer Amelia your fear
reindeer reindeer reindeer wired oh you
see the news okay there's anyway you
know I had to call a reindeer over
carrot drink say Prancer and dancer and
hello oh he's so cute
look at me man no don't they bite or not
oh yeah okay so they do bite
a reindeers a horsie rain there yeah
this looks like I like that one I guess
we just drag it over here all right kids
no back at home I have converted the car
into a van because I tried to see if I
could fix the Christmas tree on the roof
and it was a no-go situation and so I
have to come home I gotta take the car
seats out and the finger ID number and
she's done this before converted this
bad boy into a into like a van type
thingy but that's the good thing about
SUVs get so much space in there you know
you fit mountain bikes you can fit
Christmas trees you can fit loads of
stuff in there it's got lights and ever
and it's like a disco disco tech did
discotheque all right let's go get the
Christmas tree all right Christmas tree
there she is
they definitely would not have worked if
the children were there goes all the way
up to here hello dougie come on it's for
newbies newbies what come on this is why
do I did or uh why doe
you just locked me out did you guys just
lock me out I have a Christmas tree here
can I come in I need to show you
something okay the treat now it's lovely
really poor busy time but in a good way
because there's a nice feeling coming in
here yeah
you're taking over your room yeah let me
introduce you to our Christmas tree
Sally say hello Christmas tree where are
we gonna name the Christmas tree star T
okay well this is star Lee our Christmas
tree
hello star Lee welcome to the corny
jollies comes Bianca comes being care
right now being Colleen the digital is
knitted a little addicted to that
starting she's I got started shoes he
needs a ladder hmm well I think yeah you
need a chair or something right
there she is doesn't look good I love
this little face you can put on it so
neat we got that last year okay I think
now we're ready for decorations yeah
come on this way watch everything look a
selfie stick sure there should you ever
need one Oh careful all right we have
some Christmas stuff from last year all
the dogs Christmas clothes
that's for Christmas Day so you pull out
them over here so you won't need them at
the moment what's yours it is yours to
remember you used to drawing that all
the time looking all these nice things
so we got 480 bright light bulbs all
true remember that guys the right part
I'm an artist and I got through they
weren't supposed to be bright lights
they're supposed to be warm lights where
is it motif or as I said chase you know
I don't know yeah looks warm Jenny you
guys remember that I made such a big
fight of a head because I like the
bright white and I like the warm and
then you know the Ranger things that I
brought to him a bright white is a
suitcase there's lots of suitcases there
we go in all the days another 400 lights
can never have enough lights and also
this is if you want if there's an
emergency stop needed in the house you
know cuz we're actually live on the
TARDIS in case you guys didn't know or
has actually a TARDIS so you can pull
this if you guys want to move through
time and space
it's you're not oh let's put it over
there in the important pile wow look at
all this Christmas stuff what does that
even spell oh it's an Ivan thing little
bit we missed that mr. Bolten that one
hmm we gotta let it let it snow let it
snow
oh this is Amelia and that one is a
little bear I do remember that outfit
Edoardo I need you to untangle that for
me okay I just want you to untangle
those lights for me
can you untangle those right Spooky's
and then we're just gonna need to go
ahead and place them on the tree when
you're done I also Christmas a Christmas
fight the vlog a Christmas fight you
guys
you show you what I mean ready for this
ready for this good lucky I love Santa
Claus over here going on a little start
here and then this little corner here
you got a nursing now I can't show you
there's loads of stuff in the back as
well that I can't show you whatever with
Christmas fine you guys we have the
lights on the Christmas tree you like it
amelia is that a ball of lights are you
trying to put that ball of lights on the
tree
what are we doing with this ball of
lights anyway oh it's time to end this
clip so we are the official Watchers of
mommy is building the old Christmas tree
over there the excitement legs is
everything it's riveting number 37 here
is our size 67 is moving up the line
what I did I put sent on the camera once
because it's Christmas time night night
camera night night Christmas tree my
friends right oh and now we've reached
end of this video check out this nice
homemade hand-delivered sent via the
internet to be ends late anyway hope you
enjoyed the video guys gotta make a
short ends late because it is like
midnight and I add there's a car coming
to collect myself and and I like 6:00
a.m. just more tomorrow morning which is
like this morning I guess cuz we're
gonna often um it's a pretty cool
project we're involved in I guess
no spoilers you'll have to tune in
tomorrow to see what we're doing yeah so
thanks for watching today's video
leave comments subscriptions likes and
happiness and I'll see you tomorrow
