we're in a treehouse
you guys I've got to take this sickness
no well I'm sick like it doesn't matter
that I am suffering now that should show
you how much I love you I was willing to
kiss you get your disease and suffer I
mean yeah would you kiss me if I was
sick would you kiss the idea if he was
sick
would you would you give daddy a kiss
Oh ending was gonna tie that bad
you should write you in the shower you
gotta get it out now to get it out there
the rules like she's leaving us now
we're not sick O's you gonna get wardo
so are those two asleep snoring
apparently I just walk past the mirror
I'm not sure
it's funny as me boy if you got a flute
class who's reading at some breakfast
guys different class the water directly
would avoid air until we all get dressed
little pony who'd you get the pony from
do you remember from you
Francesca so there was plans today to go
play golf with all the guys but like so
stink it's so it's so unfair or you
wanna break this is really good golf
course here and we're all here and then
it's very rare that a member like last
night that party like it's very rare to
get all of our work friends and I
suppose together like that it was pretty
cool like you know everyone no one price
level and schedules are so crazy what uh
I'll ring sometimes yep links and I'm
step in the machine that's all in one
I'm all hidden heads this is the check
right if you ever wanted to make an I'm
sitting right I don't have any hot water
take the Nespresso capsule out close it
that one first
yeah we have any residual coffee and
then put the thing in the thing put it
there beauty and it works like a charm
life hacks are those awake no no Lumiere
I know maybe keeping water in his
pajamas because I know tomorrow makes a
little mess you know I think we're going
this way I mean yeah but don't touch
that don't touch that why it's in case
there's a fire no we have to wait here
mommy we can spend a Christmas tree full
of presents where's my present are you
gonna open all of those
is that my pressure of that status
present huh put it down with you later
Santa Claus dropped him in the wrong
place I think he must have made a
mistake so I decided for breakfast to go
away banished to bad boy prior to
purchase design she's got a single
sausage media yeah media how's the
breakfast is cold
you're the media just playing with the
baby okay keyboard me it's like I'm
gonna go and kiss the baby
this is the American requirement of Lima
Doenitz Clare and Monica I wanna see the
minute loves never in the US they're
with us he's so cute he's loving it
because she knows like everybody in this
room it's really like everywhere this
room knows her and she's just like
running around I'm like hey this place
is so cool yeah isn't it really nice
look at the garden inside huh so media's
gonna do the spot with Anna because
she's getting and be nothing even just
getting pedicures or something that's
pretty epic okay getting sparkly nails
done
Wow wait why don't what I was thinking
of taking wardo to the pool with me
landfill she was going to do
oh but I taught you and mommy can go to
the spot I mean why don't I go to the
swimming pool
what do you think is that a good plan
you want wire to come to the spot with
you and get his nails done wait you you
don't want to have blue nails what do
you think why don't you do you want to
have blue nails no no you want to go to
sitting pool Wow do you want to go to
banana land
Wow with you do you I know what no nope
nope hey hey careful careful
well they're the safe ones actually
ready three two one anticlimactic ready
hold on to a medium okay hold on to an
Yeti oh I'll be you know Galerius can
you say under mine you say under my
umbrella hello everybody everybody in
this is a very nice tent you have very
media Alfie come on my wrath you had to
get into the tent
it's a duplex
you got a duplex 10th Wow this is good
that's should we sleep here tonight
Wow we live here forever yes so for
Christmas from Santa
do you want to umbrellas that's all you
want I'm taking record of this now hope
no sharks come in here who do you
think's better it's spinning daddy or
Alfie you said the door oh I mean he's
gonna be so pissed he just spun round
hey of course not you're standing here
at your rallies in our hands
oh it's your breakfast playing with out
in here well you play with your own
brothers
- I Wow
that was a good song are you practicing
for later you excited for your sing song
today
why no in your band so we're leaving now
he's busy so it's a little country man
or something I like it's really cool I
really like I we were just saying we
should totally come back here ourselves
I'd say it's only a happy before a few
months ago stayed in like treehouses
which is out there somewhere like that
my voice is like wound voices ruined all
right let's go
let us go we must go and probably listen
to a Disney movie all the way home come
over it's called
so we are home and we are getting ready
to go
you excited show your show you're gonna
sing some songs what are you doing what
are you doing what songs you gonna say
what a bulb
oh my goodness no another bulb play
that's all the votes in this house are
gone shoes on everybody shoes on
situation let's go little man let's go
let's go little man let's go
could you imagine next year the two of
them might be singing together singing
in unison together what the light the
Day nears well turn them on later when
they get starts when we get back uh-huh
wouldn't it be so cute though the two of
them singing together I'm like through
sort of a duet huh come on mister
no I know you're not going to school
we're talking about this we talked about
this you know it's not a seesaw it's a
big wheel hmm
did you see Amelia singing did you see
Amelia singing songs yeah I wasn't
really good
I don't like your singing that it was
really really good yeah you're really
really good oh we're gonna talk about
that school together
we are back home to infer media to come
true we turn the lights on murder
Oh we'll turn the Christmas lights on
where I will turn look back at the
reindeers look at the reindeers right oh
look at the reindeers
cool huh mmm net cool come on let's go
let's go inside let's go what
meaning more than water off on an
adventure fee and why don't we offered
an adventure got each other I didn't
want adventure Jonathan and it's part of
the job our job was like that we dropped
her off know everybody even see the
doggies in a while I hope he's a new
mayor and no visa and see me is happy
i'll be-i'll be-i'll be-i'll be-i'll
be-i'll be-i'll e oh I missed you guys
so much I haven't seen you in quite a
while huh the gang's all together
oh my goodness Bianca Navy vinca Navy
sure when was the last time we had a
good old sing song in the shower lads
are we gonna sing some Christmas songs
okay let's sing some Christmas songs in
the shower
okay you go singer Chris sing us a
Christmas song
whistles loudly jingle bells jingle all
the way
why don't your turn sing a song is do
you have one-horse open sleigh
oh my goodness how cute are those
monkeys okay stand beside each other
Sammy sided wardo now the other day
meeting the waters and boyfriends in
unison like I always dreamed okay you
guys ready we're gonna say bye friends
together at the same time same time one
two tree oh my goodness is how cute is a
wire now I see I see comments he was
saying like that Edouard is really
coming at it with stuff you know cuz
initially like the security Jolie's like
was all of that like Jonathan Hannah and
Amelia and then there was a baby in and
I mean and that the baby has become like
a personality is really shining himself
Eduardo is and you know I do like we do
a lot of stuff with Eduardo that's
separate Emilia and sometimes I don't
bother locking it because you know but
the more the I like the older he's
getting no more he's like contributing
he's he's contributing to the videos
he's just out for you to tear them like
oh my goodness kids writing to it or
like singing together it'd be so cute
that was so cute watch it her singing
like anyway thanks for true
no like give us no comment and a
subscription and I'll see you guys
tomorrow bye Fred
