oh we're so cute
good morning and welcome to the first
kind of second best days of the best
year of your life today is the first
kind of normal day back everyone
everyone's kind of back today is the 2nd
of January it's the 2nd of January I got
my Nilla Posse here with me we didn't
vlog yesterday because we just we're
just chilling out guys you know just
cause like it's not school guys you kind
of look like you're in uniform so is it
that's good guys next week
and I have really enjoyed the holidays
just like not doing anything just like
hanging out with you guys is really cool
but that makes really crap vlogs I think
so we it's about are you in polar bear
school hey what are you guys most
excited for for 2018 to paint your tea
set that's what you're looking forward
to in 2018 guys it's gonna be a very
exciting year it's gonna be very
exciting year this year media isn't it
it's a lot of exciting things I know I
know I know I don't know it's very
exciting isn't it lots of cool things
gonna happen
hopefully you know some big changes in
your life the media's gonna die Nick
Cannon Jackie Bisset
oh this is a surprise that Emilia and
Anna have which apparently is not for
like you know you could tell that he now
if you wanted to tell edoardo to see
this move to me - I can't tell we do you
protect the vlogs and I won't listen
no but I drove my I just told that I
could get quite little don't watch it
because you might know what the surprise
good morning mm-hmm this is a bit to put
in first Beckett our first nap yeah
you look so cute
practicing out crawling out Lee this is
my first day wearing actual clothes in
about two weeks and I'm surprised they
still fit actually no that's not true
because as I had called and just wasn't
feeling myself I wasn't actually eating
that much although last night we did eat
a lot
we had a curry like a take away and I
felt sick afterwards because you know
when you just get so hungry because they
got nothing at our order wrong but they
got it it was really late it was really
delayed because I think everybody had
the same idea basically like who else
ordered a curry or like a takeaway on
the night of New Year's like New Year's
Day I put so many other people did and
we got McDonald's the night before so
like that's bad and so yeah I shouldn't
be fitting into these at all but overall
like over the whole break I didn't
actually eat as much as normal cuz I
just wasn't feeling very well
and but now my appetites back so I'm
happy but I thought but what was the
thing oh yeah so last night they got our
order delayed because I think so many
people did the same thing yeah and so it
didn't come until like an hour after it
was supposed to come and we were worried
it wasn't gonna come at all but
basically we were all starving and then
gorged ourselves and like felt so sick
afterwards but unless you have like
three dinners last night she just eats
like a I don't know it's like a monster
don't you you do I don't know where it
goes Wow
but it goes somewhere maybe to her brain
I don't know this is the official like
first remove official first earth year
because the dogs are back at Helens like
everyone's back to work we're all back
to work and the kids aren't back oh yeah
they go back next week so they have a
little bit more time off but it's just
like I felt like
should get dressed today and might even
put some makeup on you never know you
never know
well that's a face you haven't seen in a
long time ah guess he's back
so just did my hair and my makeup double
whammy
not because I'm going anywhere to stay
or to anything well I am doing things
I'm stupid I'm not going anywhere today
but tomorrow is gonna be date night so I
thought that I would um just you know
what I'm just gonna sleep like this open
know what I meant to say was like my
hair when I do my hair I usually do it
like once or like twice a week and then
it kind of like state like I'll put in a
few curls or all like fix it up like the
other days but if I do it like that was
that a lollipop oh no I thought one of
the kids had put on it look at the state
of my room by the way well that's all
rubbish that's going down but like the
kids just like trash to the room over
Christmas so yeah this is nice
I feel like myself again and I'm wearing
my new jumper that my mum got me for
Christmas which is really I love this
jumper it's a little bit like oversized
but I love it because you know it hides
a multitude of sins oh I used this as
well I got this from it was in the peel
box it's this Dior like holiday set and
it's an eyeshadow palette from their
holiday couture collection I'd never
bought anything I never I didn't buy
this I was sent to me but I've never
bought any of these before and it's
really nice it's like they're smoky
palette and I definitely didn't do like
the darker shades but I have the lighter
ones on today I'm actually really like
it well 2018 has started with a bang
friends so I was busy at maths I wasn't
but I eat when I ever say busy I always
think
visit mats because I was born in a
period of time when people used Matt's
box golf is the advance anyway whilst
busy at Matt's
don't you did don't you write 2018 get
in the car tripod tripod yeah it's like
a tripod is a disappeared because I
didn't write this tripod so I ordered
food in our 25 minutes ago it said it
would be here in 10 minutes
like 10 minutes upon ordering it and I
ordered 20 minutes later I'd forgotten
about it because I was working away and
then I realized if it had not arrived I
was starving
I checked horn was cancelled cancelled
so I'm manually getting my own food it's
gonna be
it's gonna be tough here guys it's gonna
be tough year it's ready this place
isn't open guys
I'm gonna have to go to another place
that's that's it that's the weight of my
trench
this place isn't open I swear I'll just
go somewhere else
I'll do it that you do it man
click update the bar closed so I have
done somewhere else I'm not very happy
about this fact positive new year new me
go to a very serious
Supermarket
you didn't even know what you're gonna
get man you're gonna get things you
don't even want that you don't even eat
you just gonna see things in thinking
I'm really hungry an American spicy
chicken enchilada or sudden fried
chicken rotten cop we do need some curly
fries all day oh sweet they look good
it's dangerous too dangerous game France
of a war
that is a bit of a deal if you like to
go TV all right this is what's happened
here friends barbecue pulled pork
sausage rolls and ketchup and KitKat's
okay
that is how I'm sorry is not the plan
that was not the plan
it's gonna be a nice healthy lunch
nothing have forced me they have forced
me
20:18 is that what kind of year it is
that was every telling me
top of the mornin to you so happens when
you whenever you shout you sound like
Jack septic guy when Irish people share
doesn't he's in like right going home
don't eat my ate sausage rolls BBQ
pulled pork sausage rolls not even not
even normal sausage rolls and drenched
him in ketchup also I was only able to
find 50% sugar ketchup so like I
couldn't even have sugar in my ketchup
and then I'm gonna eat nine chunky kick
ups I'm gonna have a glorious day
there's gonna be a great start is you're
at the 88 odds he's gonna be glorious
right how do I get home I don't get in
here hello salty
could you stop killing people please now
who wants to help me make my pulled pork
barbecue what what
Eduardo don't kill your sister if you
are doubt he's become a sword fighter
he's become a sword fighter attack Oh No
give me that give me that give me that
give me that teach you a thing or two
I'll teach you a lesson
no no now look at this 50% less sugar
50% less right how you even cook these
things baked in store to do maybe just
pop it in there like that okay
addressing the chaos that is this room
we are donating toys getting rid of we
are all right unless yeah okay Amelia
had a special moment when she first
spoke Eduardo had a special moment when
he first spoke as soon as you finished
that chip you're off misses this is your
moment this is your day the title of
this video is baby's first words go do
it immediately making us see a talk
you can it okay did anyone any takers
see what it sounds like where I like
that well watered up Wow
daddy advocate
you ain't there but it is baby give
daddy a kiss he there can you say you
said on a chip in your head about the
old shoulder
he's the camera she's like let's go not
me no what are you doing are you serious
I turned the camera off the second ago
and she just literally says it as I turn
the camera off cannot believe that
happened like after all that time
literally she walked away at her frame
as I turned around her and I just turned
the camera off and she's like can you
talk can you say all about that so
Alexia has a really bad so she is not
terrible but she's got bad naughty rash
and chin like rash as well which is
weird
so I'm letting her arrant her bum bum
because I think that's probably the best
thing for it as well as obviously creams
and stuff but I feel like cream is just
like mask the skin whereas I think
letting the skin breathe it's a good
idea so I'm gonna let her breathe for a
little bit I'm just gonna get her bath
ready this is the sort of been using
recently it's I use like a multitude of
different things just because I get sent
so many like not recently but kind of
like when she was first born or when I
was pregnant so I have such a backlog of
things to use off but it's actually good
because it's giving me the chance to
really like test out everything oh she's
doing a poo Wow
on my floor oh they put a face cloth
underneath so I'm gonna do some talking
now none of the cameras nowhere to be
seen
look what I got guys Anna made me fish
and chips after today is fish and chip
failure the healthy version yes I with
mine was gonna be battered this is all
freshly done and guys update for you
guys you probably know it if you are
watching it the new black mirror season
is available and it's we're on season
four or five we probably gonna watch the
last two tonight but so far it's been
amazing no spoilers I'm not sure which
one my favorite one is yes I'm torn
between the two the first one and the
third one dating Oh that dating one was
really good yeah that was really good I
think that was my favorite like the
first one just cuz it's my kind of thing
yeah yeah yeah yeah dude that the last
watched was a bit heavy cuz they're
heavy
oh is it no no yeah Cena just sent Anna
we're gonna go friends thanks for
stopping by today hope you had a good
time here at the saucony Jolie's
household we're gonna eat this drink
that watch this no see
tomorrow
