Alma's here Oh mommy said oh geez here
are those here and guess what guys sure
I'm here as well sure wouldn't be like
me no we're having some breakfast is
ready for this thing
wha I Sykes I'm driving to Dublin I
should get myself some tasty food to
make the trip wardo you could probably
unlock her require from here shook open
the boot do you overdose boot opening
ones blogs look what I did right so I
order that in the nerd this is well to
kind of like compensate so by eating
that and then eating this it'll
basically like it never happens it's my
theory that's my theory
come here mister want some breakfast put
lipstick all over your face with someone
kissing you or someone kissing you
alright we are packed all the presents
are wrapped me and Amelia wrapped here
where's my helper where's my little
wrapping helper me to help me do all the
wrapping this morning okay do that what
are you doing here yeah I just heard
something and I was like what's that are
you hiding did you help me do all the
wrapping yeah thank you very much you
did a good job and you're gonna hand out
the presents later are you gonna keep
them all for yourself
monkey monkey Messer okay let's get out
of here
let's go to Dublin say bye all my 20
years tomorrow what lost a child
we lost the child
what would be a holiday the media didn't
run in the carters at all Hotel food
free water and shampoo mm-hmm it's a
scary room all right lads 2 hours 46
minutes is our adventure
coal tea cart em a mall the way that's
tank tank we flee they built a motorway
that's 42 minutes hour anyone want to go
42 minutes lower true Waterford anyone
who's ready for a road trip
maybe goodbye course
hello Dublin let's go see daddy
Sam oldie you coming
changing changing changing the Christmas
favorite one the merry Christmas
everyone Merry Christmas
and I'm left your laptop in the hotel
room we're going oh my god she might
smear a brick or something I'd be
screwed your mom would have to collect
it folks
no I am tired trying so hard everything
look guys we're back at the hotel the
kids are asleep asleep and I thought we
back in Dublin I cannot believe that
happened we were so lucky though because
the m8 we are at Jacqueline's tournament
which is just before Rebecca jump in the
m8 had we jumped on the m8 and I didn't
realize until then there's nowhere to
turn around like we'd have to go into
full Moy or something out and come back
hoping like 40 minutes an hour
would have been a nightmare last night -
it just wasn't my message because it
took us 20 minutes to get here ticket
winning us 40 minutes extra where I get
hour and a half behind now are you sure
we have everything so he was like oh
they looked up there it's not mad I was
like it's behind the table do the sweet
tooth three I know it's there
I was like you can go up and have a look
if you want looks like okay alright now
let's do this again who likes to come on
a road trip to Dublin
we have come to the services excuse away
hello Amelia
you have a nice lead then why did you
have a nice sleep or halfway there your
mommy's laughing okay all right we are
in casual services sighs look what I
found
slush puppies wired oh okay so waters
gonna put his head under here and I'm
just gonna pour the tanks you open your
mouth okay and I'm just gonna pull this
and you just eat as much as you can
so mommy enemy and they are at the
toilet upstairs and we store castle
we're reading the Mafia book Oh anyone
friends books in there
like who knows attracts we're going
where we going what are you thinking
that you know one do you want to have it
why don't want to have it pulled pork Oh
so we just got into our hotel to check
this out a little Christmas thing here
huh it's all made out made by the pastry
chef in the hotel see gosh you don't
think that's so cool okay it's another
thing I'm gonna build on your head isn't
that so cool
what's wrong when we pick you up right
we were in our hotel room in Dublin look
it is Christmas tree isn't that so cool
I love it as a Christmas tree in the
room this room right it's crazy so Grace
Kelly our Princess Grace Kelly used to
stay in this room all the time so they
call it like their Princess Grace suite
well it's not so cool huh I mean it was
so exciting like Amelia we're in a
princess suite princesses have stayed
here oh my phone's going off this is our
bedroom area place thing which is pretty
cool what oh my goodness check this out
okay check this out nice Oh check this
all right zoomy Leonor duardo have their
own room can we see the room tour
show me around your room take the set
right so this is a bear call Emilia
right and there's another one over here
which was in Eduardo fat we just call it
the word oh how cool is that
I know we moved the bed in and then I
can click the thing I know there's a
technique to it I don't know what it is
you know what I mean yeah do you like
your bedroom mm-hmm is it up to princess
Amelia in your princess room yeah is it
up to par is it yes why do your bed
winos bed you want to go to bed no let's
go to the Christmas tree guys come on
I'll race you
it's a race there's an espresso machine
there's an espresso machine there's an
espresso machine
nobody knows what's behind that door
there's an espresso machine ah there's a
spa in a room this is so cool yeah it
looks like we got to use with the kids
start biting into and then they realize
there's fruit in them so they tried to
eat the chocolate around oh boy oh boy
huh and look Marcus was nice enough to
leave his chocolates here
that's Marcus's chocolate thanks Marcus
let's go I haven't pressed the button
yes right away so no wardo Thank
You Eduardo and now lads there's enough
buttons to go around there's enough
buttons to everyone like a spa and a
summer on here lads so we can get like
our hair done and everything look who's
here cousins we lost their presence well
where did you see them last
oh my goodness look it's like a weird
square America I look like weird in
squarey
arrives and of course wines are some way
to open the door in a sock flow - where
are your psyches anyway both enterprise
asleep we're ready for the party what
you want
first we need to ask Amelia let's go
find Amelia Amelia there's a lot of
children in here we need an Amelia move
you guys
it's an Eduardo what is minions a good
wardo got some minions from auntie Ruth
or Lia
did you find her Oh defend her hi Amelia
so Austin really would like a present no
no no no no no no Joseph will be very
upset
what you're not Joseph you Joseph are
you Joseph no no no leave the manger um
where's the baby oh the baby hasn't come
yet baby has baby doesn't call me at
lads the wise men are on their way okay
let's go let's go
there's so many teller now these the
ones you wanted them all that's one no
don't
okay all right all right Amelia didn't
as something for you a present for
Amelia from Dylan did you say thank you
what you gonna mediate go into the
freezer it's a fairy girl Austin's
opening it open your face your face like
I got a baby yeah robot what singing god
baby you know most people who's gone
home for at we found this soft toy box
here we're checking out roots roots
gonna do a show for everybody knew what
slavery he doesn't really like oh do you
bring him up get out of late
oh so my sister actually has three
children but if you put your house will
look like if you choose to have three
children softly and then actually for
the babies this because you can expect
as explain how you can have treat you I
like your sitting room there's not many
toys in there oh you get a tiger Oh
blast this child areas represent
Christmas cracker where's the media
present media Oh where's Amelia Oh
somehow Eduardo his fans and Elsa of
course she has huh
where'd you find an Elsa
grandma got another baby my love our
cake Philip Vinick never too late for
cake not demanded the water was actually
made it in with this you see what is it
let's go night wardo
Oh No okay don't they're probably not
layers of jamming so are they that's not
pure sugar
this is gingerbreads these are the
marshmallows
do you see the reindeer and there's the
Snowman you're saying they're like
frozen do ya oh yeah anything frozen no
a little sticker in there they broke in
I am so clever
is that cool Amenia I'm the hot air
balloon that only actually took one day
pretty children to figure I had to break
in to the
that accountant tomorrow tomorrow the
girl missing house yeah yeah yeah so
we're back at the hotel and look what
was in Amelia's room ah little slippers
it was little blue slippers for a while
as well he done oh no no no no we have
to save those presents for another day
because look at many presents Amina got
today oh my goodness very excited oh no
the jewelry box we put that up here and
we got a fairy door but you know what
you know what we let's open them
tomorrow we need to go have our box now
did you I doubt it fall off daddy
where's put it on put your foot in Wow
alright okay guys hey night friends y
know save my friends tomorrow
here was a little bit longer than normal
today Lance
that's because I desert hot you deserved
it now for being good friends oh my
goodness and lads this room that we're
staying in is ridiculous so I was
talking to I think it's accommodations
manager downstairs and choose Tommy that
this is where Obama and Michelle stayed
like the president of United States
America it stayed in this room slept in
the bed that I'm sitting in right now
that is mental I'm basically a present
yeah you can just call me POTUS from now
on I'll accept that as my visual title
princesses Royals and presidents
that's insane what am I doing here
thanks for today's video keep know like
a comment a subscription a favorite and
an old
cup of tea and a biscuit see you
tomorrow wait
