good morning friends from London
somewhere order I am heading to a
conference e thing the diploid come out
yesterday on time because we've had
terrible trouble last night sending the
footage over manic looks like 3:00 a.m.
we couldn't she send like parked it over
so I couldn't edit it I start editing
this morning on the train and then I'm
going to try and edit more of it on the
plane later much like it's in about four
I'm hopefully going to get to the hotel
and finish editing it and get it
uploaded for 6 o'clock
if Brewers vlog yesterday at 6 p.m. just
know it was it was an incredible
achievement Buffy anyway this is the
last work commitment thing I have to do
then I can get on a plane and go meet
the family like I got a I got a they
call me Jonathan Joey John lexicon and
Johnny but I'm weird a I actually got
some footage and it's actually managed
to send me footage there's two minutes
left and I know this might actually work
I don't know my own bees here she's
gonna actually edit the blog for us
today oh yeah exclusive surprise I woke
up with no voice we can't really speak
that well gosh you wanted wardo
screaming and Alma's here and we're
going to bring in media to the doctor
was obsessed with this ok code is very
hostile
like a waste of a fairy so cool do you
see the fairy amelia her pretty dress we
go and have some lunch now yeah join us
on camera
Wow
that's amazing I'm sure you have no help
without whatsoever
take this upside-down Christmas tree I
don't know if you remember from last
year or last year
all right we're finished the talking
conferencing for Chester blog look look
no classes we got other seven footage oh
they were to download for quickly edited
it's 20 past 11:00 battery's about to
die I need to go get my car but it is Oh
we're go yeah but it's processing you've
got it friends look guys how do they
look I'm getting some slippers I don't
feel really weird trying them on initial
like with my acid yes this will be
perfect for the gleam Christmas party
well I know they're fit so we're in the
changing room Amelia and mommy's gonna
try to address for the Christmas party
claim Christmas party
all right enemy is gonna watch what do
you guys think do you like it really
yeah yeah what did you say when I put on
she wants to put my shirt like I met you
now yeah I need to place it okay she's
striking tournament
yeah sure for you like inside yeah in a
second there we go guys
pork 2:05 CityJet from London City I've
never flown from London to the airport
this is my first time here it's tiny my
game is being called gate 10
and then sitting on board is there but
so funny because it's like it's always
like these people like nobody here is
going on holidays so everybody like is
just like all busy and it's like the
bloomer of waiting area I can charge my
laptop which is kind of cool because I
got a head of video on the plane
all right a little plane is around here
somewhere it might even be a prop engine
plane I've never been on a proper
Antonio being on jets but it's not City
Josh make me think that I might be a
jack
they won awards all right I think we may
have overdone it slightly and then
there's more we would like to thank you
for your attention and we will strike
Mary
you
you
right there
and we're back in our own pain my own
airport seriously is this this is a
prank video and it would seem I'm the
only person collecting luggage today as
well London City just my bag I guess is
coming through here oh my goodness lads
I forgot I forgot analysis
I forgot how cold like forget it me
Leeds is tropical compare this I'm
either I'm in here oh my goodness
you're so cold it's so cold
Kamath he's heat anyway hi I'm home
why my home I mean cork which is that
I'm at home I lived here for five years
they think I never think or 25 years wow
that's pretty cool I did live in Dublin
for about 26 years so I think Dublin has
one open cork but will be in government
in a few days we're gonna spend a couple
of days here in Cork um and then that's
why I like Anna went at le with the kids
because I wanted to them to maximize
their time with their grandmother or OMA
expensive diamond Annika Spencer drama
her family I'm gonna go to Dublin in a
few days spend some time on my family
they've got to meet up how we're doing
in Dublin now I want to get don't forget
I was a joke that was a joke and I'm in
the hotel and I got a fire going but
there's nobody here everybody's in town
shopping I rang and I was like where
does everybody it's funny I've seen this
from a vlog store and Emilia was in the
bed there and then she was on the floor
when I came I feel like I'm a psycho
leader I'm a fan of psychology always my
main focus I feel like I'm a fan of
saucony Jolie's now because I asked me
I've been watching the blogs I have been
part of the blogs little bit jobs hot
smells like her
I just seem like a crazy person right
now but you know someone has a smell I
mean it was his warehouse pajamas a good
fart adult adjust Oh
come here where are you get in here
someone's at the door who is it
ah hi guys hi boys I wanted to say to me
give me little home mister
Oh No hello did you miss daddy no daddy
not even get a hug oh you take the coat
off first is it ok good day
cuddle days now tell that him what you
missed him I missed you
I'll make you full wait you missed me
for a week Wow are you happy that
evening hey you got pick your nose I'm
having a special warm moment now what
did you miss the most about that and
I'll set it up lots and lots do you know
that I did something fun your way I set
up some lights in the garden Oh
Christmas lights with a reindeer yeah I
love out of love huh at home in the
garden reindeers a sleigh and big
Christmas lights in the garden yeah you
can see when we get home and they move
and that exciting excited what did you
do yesterday and I was and did you go to
a toy shop yeah and by shortly at Santa
and well had a lollipop
Hey easy walk yeah Eduardo I need you to
tell me in 10 words or less how much you
miss your father yeah yeah dad Ana and
why have you got conjunctivitis that's
my next question
Wow writer now he's decided okay you
want to get down be careful it's it's a
bit of a rocky situation it's a rocky
situation don't put your gun junk
tomatoes on my jumper I don't want jomi
jumper to Vitus Oh
jumper Troy this huh bond it down but we
already have the actual drops and self
which is great because it cleared Emilio
open like 24 hours so hopefully see your
first child is debated child the first
child is the one you learn all about and
make your mistakes with the second trial
is the perfect trial that you don't make
any mistakes with and in the church I
hope like this is the Beca thing oh
hello you and the phone you is it a
business call say show me the money
that's we're gonna have for dinner the
kids check this out good right I hired
this guy frana
Emilia we love here with you this cooler
yeah and I thought your blog love
something you guys might have seen on my
snapchat yesterday I was having a bit of
an issue with custard I had to eat
pudding without custard and we're in
this restaurant and I a thing I like can
you get me some pointing a custard he
said yes sir next put in custard so I
just really really water putting your
custard and now it's up under you in
custard I feel like I have you completed
teach it in my life
this is nice dinner we're glad that
we're like to enjoy such such divas
anyway it is 20 to 10 well let's see
drew we're on some TV show tonight at 10
o'clock so we might never through my
shattered femurs but this would be nice
nice evening cloudless Martian landscape
you stand out on the television the
greatest day of our lives
Jonathan attorneys are an Irish couple
that I've been documenting their lives
since 2006 on YouTube oh boy here
full-time vloggers I'm leave my
glamorous lifestyle figured out their
approach to dealing with the effects
that trolling has on them and their
young founding people might think I do
you have family involved is there it's
the hottest day of our lives with the
children is like anything that we feel
that might embarrass them in years to
come because the Internet is forever
videos input of our forever oh my
goodness what is going on here are you
guys not in bed are you not in bad guys
huh come on let's fly did you guys have
a back yeah there's a joke behind it
what's this is that your lip balm get
yourself behind him a sock a shark
oh sure a shark is it Terry is it Terry
to tickle shark hmm all right mate all
right mate all right mate
Terry Terry do we need some brandy oh
you gonna call a tickle shark call him
hello me we got shocked and appalled we
got a shark in the park
can you please Albert can you breathe I
will run to the bedroom run to the
bedroom okay
okay run to the bedroom this way guys
hey guys hey guys hey guys that's a nice
yes anyways sorry guys I know come on
over where's Amelia
where did hey you want to turn that on
okay here Eddie
no no you gotta stand there okay are you
ready okay hold on boyfriends your turn
five friends hello Eduardo did you miss
your dad did you miss bananas do you
love elephants yeah is this the end
slate yeah now hello friends and welcome
to the end of this particular video this
is the way we're ending it today now
lads isn't that right no R in Ireland
Ireland I was saying yesterday on
Twitter I was like you know you're not
when you step off the plane and you feel
the familiar rain upon your face and
you're shivering to the bone because
you're taking how can the life be this
cold
oh wait I mean argent enjoy the video
hope you did I was a bit of a Yoda there
gives no likes and comments and
subscriptions guru maha good August
