bad morning friends we are here in court
this morning and I feel so ill oh okay
you just totally missed my cheekbone
Thanks thanks for the loving I don't
know why this happens to me every time
yeah it hurt me too
every time I travel I get sick thank you
Emilia is resting and I think she feels
that well either to be honest we're a
pack of thickest hold on I just need to
show me Nia uh-oh when you hear like
this then put you up in bed hi Amelia do
you feel a bit sick yeah poor little
thing you want to go into bed bet you
don't though because if I put you in
there you're gonna be annoyed all right
okay
I'm not led to move this is working what
do you want your breakfast
he is so funny he's been walking around
asking for breakfast okay should we ring
for some breakfast then yes all right
let's do it
let's find the menu how cute is this
look at okay he's been waiting at the
other window this whole time with this
like visa crush who's that is that your
OMA
ah thank you that's good cuz I was
actually hungry thank you for having our
breakfast with Omar today in our hotel
room which is really really nice we're
all actually having I mean I'm having
porridge the media is having courage
Eduardo's having porridge oma had
poached eggs and they brought some fruit
they brought pastry basket basket which
we didn't even order very very nice I
love the porridge here I remember the
first time I ever stayed here thinking
their part is the best like I think
Irish cottage is really good like it is
really I still even though we live in
England I still buy Irish pirate because
it tastes so good
check out these two they look so cute in
their little outfits hmm so cute okay
and we're gonna go for lunch but first
we need to go and get something in read
comments sorry Jonathan but the kids are
like passed out it's kind of their
naptime now so we're gonna get lunch in
Market Lane I think there's a big toy
shop which I need to go into as well to
get kids
presents or just to gauge what they want
that's new I'm like on a meeting I would
love life she was like wait oh that's
cute
oh that's like her dolls house in fact I
think it is we have arrived at around
Thomas Table restaurant and in media got
something to color in okay
I've been instructed have I what are you
gonna have to eat for lunch okay you
finish it I think I'm gonna have this
which I have all the time when I come
here it's so yummy
Eduardo is still asleep so it just left
him asleep because he would just be in a
better mood he's me hello friends oh my
goodness what a busy day I had today and
now I'm bringing you in the darkness how
rude of me
first say hello to you and then I go
into the darkness is that so anything
should that make my situation any better
okay so I've been working like a dog I'm
working 9:00 to 5:00 but unfortunately I
still have more things to do tomorrow
but then by the time you're watching
this video I am with the family I'm in
Cork finally but right now I'm not I'm
in England on my own Obama myself while
I'm here I've got some stuff to do for
the kiddos this is so gonna be so cool
when the kids get home and they see this
it's gonna be so awesome
okay how do I put them in and stuff I
don't know just finished in the ranch
hummus or heading to a toy shop going to
a toy shop don't go too far away from me
me okay come on this way keep off wait
is this the right Street
yeah this isn't it okay hold my hand are
we gonna pick something we're gonna pick
a present for you and Fred white oh yeah
okay which is the toy shop can you show
me which one the toy shop is alright you
show me whenever you see toys squeeze my
hand
squeeze my hand
let's go let's go go on then
whoa this is like a child's idea of
heaven yeah you were like oh look at Mia
Sophia's family I'm trying to gauge what
she wants I don't gravitate towards so
that I have a general idea basically all
on earth Jonathan all at one okay we
have them set up I'm like trying to
decide is that it is that a good place
for them it's kind of hard to even see
what it even looks like here we have the
little guys feeding here and then you've
got the slave thing over here the main
point of what I wanted to be able to
actually see it over here because
Eduardo and Emilia what like water more
so it's always fun right it's always sit
here and look at the window oh wow after
getting its sake yeah well I hate all as
Eduardo I'm not really sure I didn't
want to get rid of this now I feel even
more compelled on emotion and motivated
I saw some water in it
looks like I can move it though hex
wanted to go over to see if you try
lifting this up
good job Jonathan why why empty the pool
when you can wait until you actually
have all his electrical cables running
alongside the pool and now you're
thinking about emptying it okay good job
there good planning on your behalf oh
wait anyway look like it in or illegal
oppose like I want everything to be done
perfect before we turn it on look I can
see them perfectly fine from here as in
adults I'm guru nope but I'm not sure of
Eduardo could and I wonder I want to go
really good experience for themself I
might go ahead and move the pool now boy
all right please hold
we are back in our hotel and immediate
Eduardo got something they were so cute
in Smiths
I had one of the most stressful moments
of my entire life
when I thought that I had lost my debit
card hums yeah uh-huh
so Amelia got heart and did you get
something else
oh no toy she's got a toy or is it just
sweets anyway
she was allowed pick whatever she not
whatever she wanted but she was alaric
something like a small toy from the shop
from Smith's and she picked like a tiny
little egg like she could have
completely like taken advantage and pick
something huge but she didn't she's
really really good
Eduardo got hands a Hans figurine same
in the middle of frozen egg
I am wrecked and we made dinner
reservations didn't we to have dinner
with OMA and Erica know what we're
having dinner with her no water no fish
he should be able to see I may have
flooded a garden don't be alarmed
I'll be alarmed ok hope this Grouch
units in the spongy sound okay now try
and plug these bad boys in your eyes
shine like Christmas time okay don't
mind the swell cheese
how are you ready friends let's hope
this works
all right so we'll turn the thing off
plug it in okay turn the camera you
ready oh my I have to think you're not
alone oh my goodness it's so cool let it
adjust look at that there's so cool it
was totally worth all the effort
oh my goodness and everything worked did
her little eyes move yeah little dude
he's getting up this case supposed to be
turning oh yes look he's turning his
head that is so cool
think you're gonna be so happy it's so
cool look how bright it is just like a
big bundle of light ok let's have a look
come inside the house it's so cool this
is a look like Eduardo when you get down
here this is little head of the Train Oh
daddy oh I think Santa Claus is going
guys so cool
I love it I need more anymore and sorbet
with peach schnapps
coremedia doesn't want any Eduardo is so
fuzzball I think he's tired I know I do
it's really nice here but I kind of
realized that there's like lots of
courses so the kids are kind of waiting
anyway this is not a sponsored video at
all I did not get sent those products
nor was I paid to promote those products
or anything like that okay I just I saw
I really wanted I've always wanted to
like have my own home and feel like a
cool Christmas thing for the kids like I
have so many other fat and lonely
fantasies I don't know I've so many
other things I want to want to live to
my children I can and do like really fun
stuff with them you know I mean this is
warning I'm building to make it like a
tradition every year and you know I
could be in the garage with the kids I
can were unwrapping all the Christmas
lights and were like building over a
Christmas sad that we have when we have
all our neighbors come over we're great
fight but I would like to do the entire
house in like there would be so much fun
you know
so I'm I am open to sponsorship tears if
you want to send me tons and tons of
free lights and Christmas stuff that
would be cool fun thing about having
kids you know you get to like do all the
fun stuff you know like I really wanted
somebody looking forward to you know I'm
getting our next house next year like
moving into our new home and then like
being able to like you know I mean I
want to feel like a playground for the
kids but like an adventure playground
with tree houses and like secret
passages and like tunnels and bunkers
but like lots of fun stuff like that
like there's one on there like a have
like a playroom in the house which is
just team divided at once just like
really just fun thing that why not you
know I mean why not like you know and
that's the imagination go wild you know
I mean I remember someone told me a long
time ago they were like you know
Jonathan it's time some day you're gonna
have to stop living in your imagination
and you're gonna have to like knock that
on the head and go up and bear a burger
burger brah and I refused do and now
because because of you guys kind of you
know I mean I died you to work and then
you watch the work and then it's like
it's like it it's like a partnership we
have going on here like you know I mean
I wouldn't be where I am it wasn't for
you you guys wouldn't be watching this
it wasn't for me it's not appropriate
that's it that let's do a handshake over
the handshake okay let's go clean up
this mess before I get divorced
just having back to the room now we had
an amazing dinner the kids went back to
the room early because they were really
tired and kind of fed up and meaning I
was quite sick as well so that's where
her take her to the doctor tomorrow
so they've been asleep for a while
so I hope you guys enjoyed this video
thank you for watching and reach the end
of the video it was like insane trying
to actually get this video I don't know
Francesca's laughing at me now say bye
friends yeah and they all miss here as
well Naomi they are a group by friends I
am de finishing up here jumping on a
plane and I'll be the family I'm very
excited lads anyway see you guys
tomorrow forget to like the video
favorite the video or comment the video
or subscribe to the video whatever you
want I'll see you tomorrow bye birds
