good morning Kanye and why no can you
say their Cunha they subdued face up
dude oh they want to do a song you doing
a song dude is look at them jeans like
you don't win some style award okay why
don't you do it here media yeah come
here and do your song he's so cool
looking oh you are biggest hope you take
it
oh cool qualms no one is taking it we're
just taking over to be say under clothes
on Nando Big Joe and we have too big so
you can feel let down tied up at a ball
let go let go
let's just all come and you get it when
you're sick yeah on the stage this is
her stage area here we're calling this
area which is lovely pieces of wood do
you love your stage is so good that's
your eyes are looking much better today
good morning friends we decided not to
let Amelia go to school today clinic
junkie virus has reduced a lot but
there's still like a little bit of plus
we're trying to it's every two hours
with the drops so I just figure we'll
just keep her home and manage it
ourselves just to make sure that it goes
away fully for Christmas because we're
going to Ireland this week and you don't
want to be sick in Ireland no Christmas
tree huh oh I may have fulfilled a
lifelong dream lads it hasn't arrived
yeah I think it's right today or it's
gonna right when I was away we're just
gonna be great because anna has to go
separately on a set of five but I
explained it to you I think I might know
but yes our order is like giant garden
display of like Santa Claus and the
reindeers and it's animated and it's all
lit up and then another section of like
all these reindeer sitting around and
feeding and so because the kids love in
the kitchen the night times like look at
the garden incident a little first yeah
yeah yeah uh-oh
it has his head fall off so I figured
how magical would it be if they look at
into the garden and it's like Santa
Claus and all the Rangers
and they didn't stuff about really cool
but I've always wanted to do it ever
since watching National Lampoon's
Christmas vacation I wanted to be the
Griswolds for the shushing let it out
right drumroll
you are so cute you know that you're so
cute yes okay this is like a towel or
something I have no idea what that is
but look this is a little grasshopper
evening already got corrugation it is
just about lunchtime kids has been fed
but we made a marble cake which actually
turned out really well
look at all these charity bags oh my god
so I cleaned out my closet out like mine
o'clock last night I decided it would be
a good idea to do that and they're all
the charity bags so made my marble cake
which looks really good
this is what it looks like I know the
lighting is kind of bad in here right
now but I'm already proud of that the
inside is the well it actually the
inside is okay it's not not much but the
outside probably looks better so it's
still kind of cooling down but the kids
have already had a slice just made some
lentil soup I love my little poinsettia
it's so cute look at this - we bought
the dogs and I've been calendar and I
got two for Amelia and Eduardo as well
so they're very excited about that
tomorrow except we're going to Arlen
tomorrow what are you doing are you
gonna BL second okay
don't make a mess just before bedtime
all right cuz I know that's what you
like to do and I am home alright ease oh
my goodness I've got a collection of
cars here that's so yeah I just have to
get a new car so you get an O there x5
hybrid it's pretty cool-looking car
knows
like them it's an e dry drive yourself
hybrid thing when I check this bad boy
out right and do that then the openers
see a button don't see a button here
let's please stand by
look we got a balance bike Samia can
play with and look another little car
where do I hurt to tell you this you
gotta have the car stickers that look
power cables I can plug the car in
overnight
how awesome is that David was he seemed
together and then her toys play which
add it to my collection
hello Amelia here are your eyes better
Francesca want to know how your eyes are
where I get that
Oh her eyes are better we are going to
play a game with Amelia I've not really
seen Amelia all day long because I was
breaking what we're going to play it is
even wired oh yeah
so how this works you have to put on
these headphones okay now I'm gonna play
a song and you have to guess what that
is saying okay she's listening to Drake
and she's she's pretty excited about it
you can't just listen to Drake okay you
have to guess the word I'm saying
yeah you have to guess the word I'm
saying okay you ready you have to guess
what I'm saying banana that was pretty
good can you hear okay I'm gonna turn up
with work Pluto itself
Pluto yellow now this time daddy has to
guess what you're saying nope hello I
know
are you saying something you have to say
it what and you have to say what I'm
guessing what are you you have to say
one thing
say banana banana yeah I say get rested
I can't believe you like it so what when
you like you should've had to take the
guy out I was
this didn't work out so well did we have
started packing for the kids I think
your new shoes media the media and
Eduardo are very excited to go to Oma's
house
excuse me the media has brought her
suitcase
Oh from over here it's ready to go out
the door she's so excited she was like
just do with her doggies
donkeys are gonna get excited because
they see the suitcases so as you can
tell it's quite a later time later
although it's actually it looks way
darker than it actually is or later than
it actually is
I don't know if you guys know but Anna
and the kids and all are going to
Ireland tomorrow but because I have some
work commitments that I got to do I
won't be going with them I'm gonna go
like a day or so later which is really
sad
we're gonna miss them but I have a
sneaky plan I've ordered some crazy
Christmas garden stuff with reindeers
and Santa Claus is not only gonna set up
as a surprise when the kids get back but
anyway I'm gonna bring in the toys that
we got from BMW today there's 40 kids
before they go tomorrow I have no idea
is Amelia is going to be able to go in
this did you know what I'm gonna be able
to go on this it's so cool oh that's
just it
oh my goodness this is epic oh my
goodness this is amazing
that's made basically of red it
basically just read the manual Oh what
what we have to build a bike I think
it's okay where's the panels for a
moment you know cuz they're not worried
paddling kids I don't have peddler kids
because everything go what these for me
or the kids paddle analysis let's add
you got where's daddy got mmm Amy well
what happened here when your pants off
why are your pants off here might be me
get inside go inside
going inside mister no pants
get the new car and it's very very fast
yeah I guess what I have a big girl bike
for you this is so fast I just went down
the hill honest big girl bike coming in
whoa
check this out huh bring it in here
look wowzers are you holding on nice can
you walk along with it
can you walk along uh-huh is it cool is
it cool you put your legs up and you see
you weren't along and you sit on it just
curious then it's a balance bike take up
the proper bike okay huh oh no Jim bro
the girls in Ireland part of it is big
porn
I think it's an i8 or something wow this
thing is so far okay I got you that's
just saying this thing is so fast more
MORE
would you ever put your pants back on
right you're on we're gonna get you up
in this thing ready for this and then I
want you to be feet up in the air
don't put your feet on the ground put
your feet behind both the let go grab
that he has to bite or both we lost
about 50 feet off the grass
but you talked about that he has to wake
that is moving about yeah see
trying to enrich your feet is it hard
funny then you'll be TTL probably get a
turn here all right
taxi taxi to three boy minivan I'm ready
for the fastest ever fastest ever here
we go we might we might get you might
get a couple of points in their license
for this one here we go so we have come
to the end of the video and it's gonna
sing a song before you go damn he's
yours
we finish each other's sandwiches that's
what I was gonna say
kids aren't bad folks we are cooked and
it's going to show you something
you fingers to your mom she's such a
cutie pie anyway we're adding your
friends goodnight my friends I was see
you tomorrow
my friends my friends we caught with it
okay now go better day
how cool is that someone tweet me that
this morning and I was like that's
amazing isn't it that's really well done
anyway just so there's no confusion I'm
actually working with BMW I did not buy
another car even though I'm sure I'll
get the tweets in the comments all about
the bike you put a little Rufus but yeah
there's another video I'm gonna do a
video on my second channel it's kind of
fun using the BMW but in anyway look out
for that next week sometime until then
keep hitting the like button comments
and subscriptions and I'll see you guys
tomorrow like
