good morning Eduardo what you got there
you gotta know what half you wanna show
me yeah how's a picked up this little
doozy hey Ritchie cuz look it looks like
the original PlayStation one isn't it
that's really cool-looking it's like
retro cuz like that's the standard order
look cool it's quite windy better hear
me well immediate knowledge I don't have
to sound worse but I haven't gotten
better so we're supposed to go off and
see this winter wonderland today and
meet Santa Claus and stuff so I don't
know that's gonna happen
we'd also plan see lots of Christmas
shopping today so I think we're gonna do
that and are you sure boy in pink huh
that's cool yeah I'm gonna go to the
pharmacy if it gets the drop on the
lingual you just make it better anyway
gets better hold it okay seen your kids
signals with your heart do you guys have
a go-to place Mumsnet Israel let's go
once that's amazing they should be dads
man actually what mom says pretty good
because everybody talks about everything
and it's really good for information if
you have children and you're wondering
about certain things as the place to go
or the NHS it's also good
that's my go dealer and they were
suggesting some of these alright I went
to the pharmacist and this is what she
gave me
infected eye drops or form Puckle Idol
idol
yeah Cora Flula blahblahblah new agent
said about a week or two we got to keep
it in the fridge she said is extremely
contagious water is probably gonna get
it we're probably gonna get it you're
probably gonna get it we're all probably
gonna get it no but hopefully this
source is that hopefully she feels
better for those things we got here some
eyedrops and we're gonna put them in
ASAP and hopefully she gets better soon
cuz I remember I having conjunctivitis
deal well I'm a superhuman
so I don't actually get sick yeah the
person who all of that you guys like
everyone's watching maybe like wise
giant lumbering slug yeah man flu is no
joke serious condition that affects
millions of men or in the world all
right I need to set up some sort of like
light you know like a band-aid yeah Live
Aid man through aid let's go to
Christmas land meaning you're bringing
in dirt on Christmas all the cousins
oh my again this let's get a Christmas
tree so you pick a things that you like
okay it's like Oh laughs let's get a
Christmas tree your parent Christmas
wonderland look at it it's all snowy and
white snowy and white isn't it no look
at these it's like our little talkies
look how many Rangers can one person
have no what's his name you go you're
gonna name them all with him what have
we found but if he found huh a Christmas
tree hey your eyes feeling better
already
well that's good news what you got
huh everything looks really green in the
shot
who's that Boulder boons it's a
christmas tree-- wardo that cool
huh whoo Christmas tree what'd you find
find some crackers hey you going
crackers
Oh No Oh No okay come on over this way
go this way go this way he's gone he's
gone again
I love this thing
I'm putting this in the trolley what oh
I found it lads I found a hub the hub of
these things they're so cool I don't
even know what they are but I want one
of my life
I like little wooden things wouldn't
need a pretty cure I know that one
I have to put in my own party though
because and it's not letting me have it
in here Charlie
and a little one to little one and a
large one and this is filling up with
pillows
I've lost the kids bus everybody over
there okay I think we might end up
buying everything in all this
you can't get out mister because you're
a runner a runner bean what well we'll
ask mommy when she gets back okay when I
build our house
I want this is my intro entrance a
Christmas time all lit up and one actual
wheel sparkly reindeer is running around
okay is that Olaf huh Victor's all of
them look we should get the little trees
for them each one is such a good idea we
have their own little Christmas room
tree areas or laughs all wrap look we
need some little balls to decorate the
Christmas trees
he won't drop it you promise not to drop
that which we know a merry Christmas
from an announcer
okay the store is haunted are those more
decoration we're doing this nights we
are making the perfect frozen room
quickie do you know why it'll be a lot
cheaper we could just turn the heating
off in your room go be a frozen team
drew oh boy our dough you're gonna get
me in trouble just leave that there now
for their moments the media has Elsa one
okay we almost have the perfect frozen
room done each ow what I was sad I have
to eat the outside
oh hello they're trying to figure out a
way to get all of it in their own basket
hmm
may have overdone it slightly but it
looks cool look I managed to score my
little wooden things hey with all the
delicate things thank you for making our
house at home they're making our house
at home it's so cool
they're so cool you ain't haven't seen
out but yeah we got these oak trees as
well you guys all ready oh no poor me
Nia okay let's go oh me oh so we just
gave her another dose of the old eyes
ready huh
ready yep do you want me to read you a
story you're gonna get better soon okay
sorry is it cause I thought the cold
didn't bother you anyway this snow goes
quiet and let Mountain tonight is the
footsteps to be seen it'll go away soon
okay
I promise you wanted to be gone now it's
not gonna last that long okay
we've got the wipes now
all right gonna make another little home
remedy saltwater solution and hopefully
this can make your eyes a little better
because we have this stuff in there I
obviously got it when I was a kid and I
survived using this technique so
probably works um I was the test subject
what I keep my sister's older at me so
she was prior to tests okay toxic and I
need my boy here I'm gonna give your
eyes a big cleaning okay and then we're
gonna have a little sleep what are you
picking at your eyes you're taking the
stickiness out okay well we shouldn't do
that but let's get to work okay he says
no sometimes yeah
who says I look up up when does he say
no to you
so he goes does he say no all the time
yeah but easy is he a good builder in
terms of how brothers go would you say
he's a good brother yeah okay that one's
done tonight we are having prawn and
pasta which is possibly one of my
favorite it's something that I would
order in a restaurant something that
never order in a restaurant so I'm
making my prawns just like with onions
and olive oil and then I've got some
frozen peas that we're gonna put in the
microwave just um cook a little bit
because so I'm not gonna put frozen peas
like straight in they just get really
watery and it's just not very nice
and then I think I'm gonna do these for
the pasta I wanted to use the shells but
we don't have any shells we just have
one no way yeah a puddle yes
look what are you putting on yeah yeah
I'm like eating onion I just like know
what is the other ones like eat an onion
but you know when someone's cooking
onions do you come into their room and
you're like wow your son by holy also
how are you supposed to like for this
temptation when you're a sweet covered
with language it's so hard to halt I've
resisted all day obviously I'm very low
rate have some tonight but it's really
difficult anyway yeah there's a lot
though to be honest okay well when I
really like this stuff I bought it as
like an experiment the route health um
and drink it's organic and it's not rice
rice milk and I mean look in it and it's
really good and it's more filling than
the other one that I used to get it has
more calories but it's better for you
and it's organic and its really good so
I recommend it so I bought two more in
our weekly shop just now are you mummy
here in mommy's Jay oh no am i Eduardo
am I gonna be a Dwight oh oh yeah who's
me I know
Leona can be a media oh my dinner and
whose debt Oh daddy's a cushion look
daddy's a cushion my dinner
mummy are you money
yeah Oh acting Natalja these two little
words please no is he naughty to the
toys are you looking a bit better
no why do I like to sit there with his
biscuit thank you no little biscuit look
at grown up you are little man
jeepers no he's not no one is born it's
you you're like a big girl he's like a
big baby yeah big baby I'm gonna go run
the back okay you enjoy your story of
toys Elsa do you want to build a snowman
come on let's go and play I never see
name I never see you anymore come out
the door it's like you've gone away let
me what are we gonna do you wanna build
a snowman okay you are hilarious
compared to me say bye friends save my
friends say bye friends okay daddy I'll
be else's daddy let's say bye friends
see you tomorrow
give me kids we legitimately need to
make some sort of frozen parity like
frozen to saucony Jolie Edition or
something like that what are you like
feeding me lines at the door and then oh
my goodness wait till tomorrow's video
because we set up like the fireplace
with some wooden trees that I've been
love wet and like the sprinkler lights
and stuff and Emilia like fully recited
the let it go song this morning it was
like why self
she's such a little performer anyway
thanks for watching today's video hope
you enjoyed it and hey look a crossword
we haven't had one in a while so enjoy
that hit like wouldn't leave in my
subscription and I'll see you tomorrow
bye
