it's Friday morning last day school this
week excited me let's go before we get
wet we're always asked me when I say
school I mean is in preschool she's not
in nursery she's finished in there soon
because she's three she's now in
preschool next year she goes into
reception and then the year after that
she goes into what you would consider
school but next year she's going to wear
a uniform I'm so this year the idea of
preschool is the teacher getting ready
for school that's why they give her
homework sometimes and she does things
that are more like school related like
just stuff to talk genuinely easing them
in it's a learning curve for me too
because I'm not from England I'm from
Ireland so I know the Irish school
system so I have to learn this as well
come on over this way what is my scooty
you know but um I think it's cool and
you secure I like this preschool ideas
kinda cool because it teaches the kids
about preschool we've got no car seat
mate you've no car seat okay you jump
into the car I gotta go get you a car
seat
I forgot it till tonight
yeah we're having some friends the other
night I totally forgot
try taking the car seats out of the car
I mean is is the bigger one I think it's
this one is it no it's a smaller one
it's this one that's why it was 100 I
believe I did that
haha well okay it's kind of right here
oh it's such a fright while it's not a
Friday Friday will be sunny a Monday
will be raining wouldn't say in rainy
day oh just your Friday where were you
off to now yeah oh ah you slide it over
to your side
yeah I'll join sit on Mario side for
change
no dad what I do you thinking huh you
hold on I gotta put the eyes of fixie
things in first alright hey it was a
cookie here
huh we'll get with you a doggie training
miss Bhoomi studies annoying no oh all
right go to school
order a quick bit of Coolidge what holy
the car oh my god really eating all the
cars having Elton appointment I have got
one hold on
got new trousers and a new jumper which
I'm going to be filming a haul on today
I was meant from an earlier book to get
time we can I never get my card it's cuz
I sit so close as most of you are not
most of you but as many of you have said
to me you said so close I don't know
what to affect anybody in life when I'm
meeting I don't have a problem with have
at what distance I sit in my car from
the steering wheel it's kind of my
personal preference
but yeah I do like sitting close I just
feel safer and Jonathan likes to sit
like you're like slow at the wheel I'm
not like that I like to sit up close I
like to feel kind of in control of my
surroundings so yeah
and it's going closer you know in life
your forever like planning of things to
do to inevitably become the person that
you see yourself to be you know you
always think like oh I think I am I'd
like to become this person and you're
working towards becoming that person
you're focused upon you know I mean
grooming yourself and working hard and
being a person that you want to be and
whenever like meeting your style up so
depressed that you imagine that you
should be and then along that journey
while you're concentrating on becoming
the person you think that you should be
you inevitably become the person that
you actually are to be am I going too
deep here I was just taking about self
I'd I was kind of set it in the end
slate today I'm a font when you ruin a
ruining my buzz here ah God ah ah
Francesca ooh that's a good angle huh
hello she loved me you helped me all my
apricots and function got me anyway
being being a parent being a dad like
it's just it's my favorite one you know
it's my favorite one it's not it's not
you know my greatest financial
achievement it's not my greatest career
achievement but yeah ignore awesome
evening or a little evening you know I
can't even explain how happy it makes me
think and I think back to you um four
years ago or five years ago whenever was
that myself and I on you know GP got
married and we were walking down when we
used to live in this town called
Middleton in County Cork and she texted
me like you know let's start a family
you know let's have kids and I'm all
like I don't know if I'd be a good dad
or not you know cuz I don't know
anything that being a dad when you're
going in to become a parent you're just
like I know
know if I'm gonna be a good parent or
not because I learned about being a
parent but I did it and I think was like
or the best ideas I ever did I don't
know I'm all sentimental a melodramatic
or something this morning this afternoon
dizzy what are you thought I was it I
have to go to like a minute let's go you
know I thought I would share my feelings
with you
we're off to collect Amelia from school
have to collect them be here from school
I brought along don't see like they go
this cool Marta's one of those people I
like to go to school there Gordo don't
put your finger no oh no I mean this put
a finger know someone might bite it off
okay we ready
I remember safety first that has to go
first wardo daddy has to go first word
oh why don't know we'll go home we'll
get mommy and then she can hold her
other hand okay and then we'll walk like
family yeah family's a silly word okay
you know what's the silliest you know
what the silliest word is ever what's
the oh that's an Italian word what's the
silliest words you know we can be in
family
no no tell me what's the silliest word
you know what's the silliest word Emilia
knows cars cars that's the silliest word
you know robbery silly
what about hippo fluffer Maximus
no no okay
enough and we are homeward bound come on
my little squids let me see
I think Amelia might have conjunctivitis
and it'll I you see you see it here look
at us it's got it's generating some
sleep
it'll get better okay we'll keep an eye
in it and if he gets worse we'll go to
the doctors okay huh
look at this Hamlet's organic rosemary
and thyme rose Pamela's full health and
my little fresh herbs look like me today
Daylesford smokehouse lads this looks
like it's going to be amazing look at it
look at the size of the packaging it
comes in this little pack I just for all
let me just and I'm going to top it off
with some Duchy organic extra mature
chedda chedda chedda Jed uh would you
like some cheap at least a cheddar our
people say chatter ah is it chatter yeah
yeah can I get a can I get too much yeah
yeah let's see you properly plants
digger anyway let's make some bigger
slicin be the slicin I'm very busy in my
life I don't have any time
oh you figured you ask you while I was
blogging so I'd be a nicer person is
that your plan have you ever heard of
editing big one1 today are now I'll tie
me right
I'll tie me with this one right and then
you'll come down and do this one and it
will see which one you do faster oh come
on lights loud me ham sandwich later
boom boom boom boom boom mr. nuna
Jonathan are you awake I'd like you to
bake me chocolate cake filled with
Smarties marshmallows too where is
Amelia I love you
we're singing a song Hey what you eating
here my legs mm-hmm don't hit your foot
is that a toy
Amelia spit that out right now
all of them all of them you are too
funny come on
why should you never ever eat your toys
but why not
what will happen if you do I won't get
old and my brain yeah and you'll have a
sore tummy yeah so let's not do that
again
girl thank you media do you want some
help oh it was actually wet Thanks oh
she just got it
she's nothing I just came in and he was
lying on the floor legs are bits out Oh
all right so we're making a soup here I
just let it fall into my mom a maniac
come hear me as I don't know if you can
see it but Emilia has conjunctivitis
okay now that's on makeup that she's
been playing on her hair for you see
Mina's conjunctivitis which is extremely
contagious so she's probably picked it
up in school I don't want her to give it
to Eduardo so we've got some more salty
water here and some cotton buds and
we're gonna clean out your eyes the
media there is possibility she's gonna
wake up tomorrow morning with her eyes
completely crusty and closed she's going
to be terrifying for her hopefully we
get to her before that happens but right
now it is Ana has took this up ace
dinner dinner licious come here okay
come here
you no no no come here crusty eyes yeah
that looks a lot better than it we're
just walking you're early
yeah now don't touch it water with it
okay it's good baby a rare and you'll be
okay okay oh boy you've sued a few more
times to make it all nice and clear
weirdo joke by the way it's a tuna in
the Med open no you went up
who doesn't love chocolate pancakes
disclaimer actually Nutella on pitabread
but we're calling them chocolate
pancakes cuz no one knows the difference
ah money turns in some sort of a chicken
okay okay oh oh oh dear seats dear seats
last one oh no last one doesn't get any
stranger he's done last one doesn't get
any score no first person to make it to
their room wins the grand prize the
first person not to make it to their
room deals with the monster no monsters
coming guys the monsters coming you are
gonna break this time I am breaking
nothing alright there's enough room for
everyone in here so we're not cited now
why breaking it get out this is my new
area this is my poker
can we come in oh thank you
hello Eduardo here why look look we got
new new bows for you in that cool your
hair so you can plant your hair not at
night angle if you want to maybe it's
okay George do a little plat and then
like Elsa and you can see it and then it
you can take the air Wow wanna be just
like an analysis so cool can you see it
do you like it yeah thank you I'm a hair
on fire fans see you in the morning time
well let's go going padam padam bad Adam
Dunham
we've reached the end of the video but
don't be afraid and you don't have to go
you can click down below there's links
to five years ago in summer well
actually in winter well you can actually
watch and you can watch my life for
almost the last six years
Mitchell you can even watch that video I
was referring to when I was saying my
cell phone and we lived in Middleton I
can't pinpoint that video for you I'd
love to be able to it's buried in there
somewhere but we walked in a stand that
Lane and we were like well I was like
that's a baby's nose like are you bad
and now I froze the babies and dogs oh
well let's have more anyway thank for
watching today's video leave a comment
in the subscriptions and the favorites
and the likes and I'll see you tomorrow
and have a good day friends Mikey
