good morning Amelia your hair looks very
nice two minutes
pieces bright day yeah Daisy's birthday
that would is my favorite pink covers
everything
Wow looking back can daddy come to
places party yes do we have a bread and
a spoon is it a spoon present hey are
you gonna bake some brownies with mommy
for four blazes birthday the brownies
are for braces birthday and for you
worry about wildoe can you have some too
or is it just for you and blaze snorts
places birthday oh yeah exciting times
all of the people coming to blazes
birthday party you guys invite us the
place is pretty important okay let's do
pig tails
do you know what P tails like poo you
gonna pick there's like poo in the back
of the head
yeah yeah it's getting so much longer
though these days is mean it's really
not
no wait oh did you come down to one
pigtails team where no no pigtails want
monkeytales who can eat tails deal and
let's have a look mania show your hair
you doin here for you or I don't look
little regards ya know in the eyelash
make a wish is 13
she must have dirtied it are you
matching guys yeah lucky me Nia let's
have a look wow you are like them it
looks so cute
why are you ready for the birthday look
the definition of love I love you mom I
love you son
I did the voices wrong hmm take it there
I like this one would you be come on I
need some love I can never needed love
before do you baby are thrown throwed
thrown
why does come upstairs with me iPad we
found it okay I'm just holding the floor
come on come on
he's so cute is that new a-work regime
they work here Marta works here
just cables just cables oh we got we got
82% nice listen it'll be alright oh I'm
uh starting now another child has joined
us hello there you're getting your iPad
hmm come over here to the official iPad
area the official iPad watching area no
pigtails at your new nickname huh
were you playing I spy downstairs are
you good at it
so mingling at em is there monkey man
it's like that is that a clue chocolates
dozen chocolate begin with C and that's
that's a soother so I spire my little
eye something beginning with E do you
know what it is you have to guess first
something beginning with E prison basics
in 32nd and correct Amano's you wooden
your self and iPad I don't want to give
you an account because the noodles are
buying ups it's like please register
your Visa card onto this child's iPad so
they can have easy access to any game to
pay what no video it's silly it's silly
Billy this is my daughter who swims
underwater this is my daughter's and
underwater this is me doctor swims
underwater she doesn't like to swim
underwater
so I'm putting me to bed now I'm
actually beating Amelia unconscious
because it's the only way to get this
child to sleep what you guys never
noticed
December is like the craziest month
because it's like I'm trying to see
everyone in my family and my extended
family or my family in law I don't want
the kids to spend time with everybody
cause it's Christmas so much work to do
because it's it's December month which
is usually hectic and busy anyway we
have so many activities so we want to do
with the kids like winter land Lapland
things and visiting Santa and like all
fun exciting things like that like what
they know then I say to everyone right
that's when we'll just do Christmas in
December in January because like January
makes way more sense I've got yellow
Afghan yeah
I've got yellow it turns around does it
go like well you know what to start at
the movies he comes in he's like this is
where I go like you tell me where the
file is Murphy tell me where the file is
Murphy I never understood that movies
like they shine they shine a light in
someone's eyes it's not really effective
let's pretend we're going to have a nap
hey and I'll close the curtains and I'll
put you in bed but then when I leave
what do you do during that time no you
play how do you play with your toys cry
quietly simoleons made your naps anymore
but she has em it's like quiet time in
her room so I me and daddy
you can if you say please and say daddy
is my best friend and say I'm not being
forced to say this I'm saying this under
my own freewill court of law let's go in
circles alright he's back to beat me up
oh my god it's last time we did two
we're gonna try for three today that's
like that's the norm and then maybe next
week you can move on something worse
horrible Arn man in February that's
already no no I was joke don't you save
you overnight no but you like yeah you
know I get tough mother aren't you did
you have those things in UK like a I
find running boring I couldn't do it
like a 10k run and be so boring but
about to like climb a mountain or
something she talks one for me and I
don't studio okay she's up for it he's
up Fred we could all do together guys
comments yeah you know is the motivation
Lance and we have had the workout and
the shower and I found this though a
friend hello little friend I like your
hat do you like your hat it's very cold
like I mean yeah you're warmer than I am
home sorry is my hair in your face so
what did you do come here to me you let
your hair done
oh you got your head hat on did you call
for daddy when you were supposed to be
in your room asleep huh why do you
always call for daddy yeah
his daddy always coming at you yeah yeah
my friend is little finger let's when
you come in my limb I mean yeah hello
what are you doing in here
hello friends Emilia has to bring it
water to nursery now have you got
everything you need
okay where now where's wardo where I'm
daddy I'm Jess all right Jess Jess was
her teacher in nursery not in preschool
back in nursery so I'm Jess thank you
very much
wait have you been giving your nursery
money what somebody has to give it
what's this dollar for what are you
fighting everybody in school toys no no
no no what's been going on what's been
going on lads
don't be rude in there near the dog
you're barking quickly get your stuff
get you stuff let's go put your bag on
put your bag over your shoulder all
right child walking around with liquid
O's what those things though never falls
don't forget you dollar sir thank you
dollar bills yo can you say that's a
dollar bills yo hey show me the money
right oh right oh you go to nursery
please go come on right now let's go
yeah good boy
oh it's wired Oh clumpy oh do I get paid
extra when winos grumpy oh it's a clause
in the contract oh thank you thank you
you got it you got to do it more cool
though you see you gotta have your hand
out like this and you go shake my hand
shake my hand no no other hand other
hand
oh no this hand shake this hand no no no
no no no no shake this and use this hand
shake my hand no no no watch we're gonna
shake your son's okay we're gonna be
cool okay you go hey thanks a lot thank
you so emedia alright with you the other
hand with any other hand okay we're
teaching you maybe I had the tip let's
say a tip right so give me no we're
going we're going back to the original
and this hand here all right
okay we're gonna be really cool say hey
thanks a lot thanks for taking care of
that
thanks a lot thanks was that slick you
tried to me okay so shake my hand cheers
Cheers no no you have to let no you have
to let it go this is Daniel cheers
cheers Cheers
all right try wired up we're not
whiteout ready Jim and Jim and all right
thanks a lot
thanks out brother Cheers oh it was
slick why don't I take you don't you
don't give it back to them you don't
give it back to the exterminate
exterminate
we are the Dalek exterminate exterminate
exterminate
simile to number one I've converted the
Borak the Daleks together to create the
dark boards the board acrylics do it
again do it again
exterminate little ladies lazy
oh jeez oh I'm going to eat your nose
first horsey
my hearth you know
all right friends I have booked the
hotels for Dublin and for quark I have
booked a car for us to use and I have
booked all of the flights and then I was
on the internet and I thought to myself
what else can i book in order oh yeah
pizzas should I'll have a pizza party
Friday night let's cuz I figured you're
watching this on a Friday night and so
we could all have a pizza party Friday
night together I figured I would go
ahead and order pizza I didn't want to
order pizza but I figured in the sense
of us all being together in on this yeah
a nice guy
see you later friends Marge Warren just
want to wait out here tonight now it's
too cold it's too cold
doing that oh my goodness that was
amazing all right come here
where are you first the media's in the
Thomasina all right wish me know
say bye friends it was nice
Edoardo say bye friends I absolutely
love lads having fun with my kids you
know it's like when like when they were
babies you know I would be like trying
to make them laugh and so for now it's
like there's such like two old friends
you know and I know sometimes probably
seems like I play more with Amelia it's
just that I probably flog more with
Amelia because you guys came more
understand what she's saying himself for
me and edoardo have more like off-camera
kind of fun but the older he gets the
more likely he's gonna have some more on
but just I loved him so much like that's
why I want so many more children because
I love their like heart you so much
fun you know it just it makes it makes a
home complete or something with all you
go people running around into the dogs
and everything I just loved them anyway
thanks for watching today's video
giving know like chosen or comment hit
the subscribe button and I'll see you
guys tomorrow bye
