good morning friends did morning Amelia
had so you want to slide then the
bouncers yeah yeah right pinkie pie well
I think if I just did it a second ago
oh okay ready ready go you want to do it
now
what if you end up here do you think it
safe mommy and daddy have to go off on
an adventure we have to go through a
bunker will you hold a school huh so
join the apocalypse myself and I are
going to a bunker and Amelia's gonna
just go doesn't it seem like a good plan
hmm which one for breakfast anything in
the world
why porridge and teamwork the teamwork
game is that we all take a bite we all
take a bike around the table it's the
team working teamwork we are off on the
school run we are off on the school run
is very ready for the school run now
let's go mrs. you look cool with your
boots
folks folks from yours on the other side
mrs. mrs. magorium come on come forth
princess Amelia there's a quick school
run I get the blogging sorted because I
don't even know where we're gonna bow
and somewhere up like it's three or four
hours away way up north somewhere to a
bunker to a bump hair did you guys know
the sky one show you me and apocalypse
while we're filming today right they day
one of these youtubers has built a
bunker in his garden he were gonna watch
the final episode of the entire show
which is cool which is cool so it's
gonna be fun
like she see what a bunker looks like an
apocalypse bumper in someone's garden
designer youtubers goes off it should be
a fun day it took me a fun day
what let's drive the kids to school we
didn't have them in our house all right
let's cross the road
careful you what oh my friends so no you
can see what let me just pick it okay so
you see the way it's already started
here is I'm trying to balance out this
with the back
did you see the way that their other
hairs because these ones are like a day
or two older and then I'm trying to just
balance out the hairs so you can see
that looks a bit more normal and that
one looks a bit more obvious so because
we're going to shoot today I'm like I'm
trying this because I'm just trying to
battle to that normally when I cut my
hair is this thing here but that's at
the level that I wanted but I don't know
any other pieces I've never had in any
other level
it's my little beardy fella here I can
control it baking is one so I played
around a few time I figured I had to use
my
boomer don't know I'm trying yet you
can't you see it see here I don't see I
can't see it saying that this is like
the transplant area is out here and you
see in here a watch just came in do it
now listen no think it's just left
was it was a short day as you can see
you're in this section here is I'm kind
of balanced more like can you see and
easy lay look I'm trying to balance this
with the top I don't know this is making
any sense but I thought I would
documented anyway what am i 12 30 maybe
15 days post-op now this is what it
looks like 15 days post-op you can see
you like it looks pretty good um it's
still a little bit Scotty at the top you
can probably count when you see that
anymore
you can see it's a tiny little bit red
around here but Internet it looks pretty
darn good
so let's balance it out and see what
looks like alright we are somewhere up
thorn look at my nose baby there my baby
and my baby are two babies well that's
what I'll upgrade the next time the all
at the photo fires ranging probably the
next week okay man Thank You Jane they
all look we're in it there changer
and welcome to bird changer I know
anybody okay let's go inside
let's do some PPS get back on the road
okay look it's almost the same it's the
full-size ranging those calipers that's
different yeah that'll be my next
upgrade maybe all right we are here
Nicole here we are here lies there's a
bunker down here look at this thing this
is crazy
oh my goodness all right let's get
answered this bunker everybody go pro oh
nice choice nice choice hi what what no
we're good we are good oh my goodness
like this is kind of crazy
this is crazy
come on good team you didn't wear a
dress tomorrow
oh we're gonna we're officially invited
can you press this button all right it's
so cozy and warm in here this is
occupied mm-hmm what does this do oh
nice stock too much dude plenty of food
this is cool have you never know what
the world could look like when we get
out there quite a bit Mike yeah it's out
of everything so company this is under
somebody's house
we're sorted some cereal pasta cereal
wave lights the toilet some sort of
device all right it's gonna be a problem
control this there we are now let's
bring the bunker this is actually prank
video good luck
thing gets locked in
Gary imagine building a vocalize leave
comments we build a bunker huh we do
that hey we don't know house we can
build one of these yeah you know Oh mr.
president there's a meteor coming it's
okay right we've got a bunker we're
sorted it's got a bit of weight to it so
you hold it like a mini good so you
actually fire like this yeah that fires
that stuff up then you've got all these
other switches and they should work oh
yeah it works it's pretty it's pretty
weird hold on guys wait stay away from
me you cachito room okay
this is calling by the way you go to
bunker he makes a cool things on YouTube
it is that G sharp well I have the power
of regeneration because I'm will green
mother
alright alright just walk off in a
minute see the thing here right yeah
this is a toasty knife so are you this
heats it up and as you cut the bread it
toasted at the same time you've saved
the world come on the bunker began upon
her amazing imagine imagine cutting the
bagels open and by the time you slice
through them they're toasted so cool and
then it slides over here this is a
cheese maker no doesn't for and she's
closer to that that's pretty good first
world problems yeah alright we were
filming everyone I said God literally
dies see underneath there's like 15
people under there right now he's crazy
it's a big 360 video but I look at this
rocket-powered bike the balloons of the
bunker this is crazy little people here
lose a dinosaur just a random dinosaur
on the floor look at this look at this
bike there we go damn Ramson in Iran
this is crazy
oh it's what I want to get right a
bumper car I should I just take the
engine out of my car don't put in this
tank feel a lot more fun and we're back
to the services again this time
and over here it is not trying to figure
out what we are day visits as you come
in the door it's like a welcome to
somewhere noise you know I think we're
going for cost are we yeah that's
happening
wait that's confusing it's like it looks
very similar on both sides
we're home
did you miss me how much did you miss me
did you miss me like the most amount of
missing in the world
yeah I miss you so much
this is 20 the cleanup game I love the
cleanup you do you want to play a team
you could fetch who's the best can you
offer no we're baking brownies daddy
likes brownies but only if we do a clean
up very very quickly
our princess clean up are you a princess
why is it not handy now I have a little
son of a gun your hand here somewhere Oh
little son of a son
I mean you got new sheets for her yeah
mr. son two questions question one what
are you eating
question two is this Amelia's bigger
than only look with his eyes a word Oh
joining them you don't need to put your
boot on did you sit down sit down okay
do you wonder that you want to when I'm
for your room weirdo so you can read
your do your homework at night mr. Lampe
mr. Lampe you know no way there's a lamp
in the start of your movies it goes
that's this ma'am
Amelia where those lamp is the same
color as always car and it's the same
color as alfea's first part why'd you do
that
I should like wrap Alfie's car and like
bright pink for funsies on this slide
gonna be hilarious or rap Zoe's car get
like a rap paint off of my face and then
gown such a fun prank because know they
like the blouse and she already knows
the matters Caro and let me see give
your time to Daddy okay I'll tell you
what let's go have a bath and then what
a new cushion daddy has to test it out
night night everybody
night-night everybody everything here
night-night everybody
are you did you put your pillow down
don't see this
oh Jesus leaders like the popping with
your pop you can't stop
you know the sleepy night everybody very
much sir oh you are you waking Emelia up
you waking in weekly out it's bad time
mister well II wouldn't well II wardo
can you sleep together guys can you both
fit on it isn't that cute say
night-night see mymy friends bye-bye
guys night-night sweet dreams okey-dokey
I'll get it right now see you tomorrow
guys I mean I'm very confused in my life
all right Bianca save my friends hey
lads we've turned into a cartoon or a
comic book
I'm the 100% sure Chloe sub knows what's
going on it's kind of good isn't it do
you know much it might be I don't know
crazy it's like John Casper of a movie
zoe has a book out he has a book and
what everyone has a book at this stage
like you know II mean it's like could
you imagine if someone became more like
hey can we make it like a Secretary's
cartoon that's so cool you know
anyway what am i goodbye friends thanks
for watching the video I hope you
enjoyed it hope you enjoyed it watching
it as much as I enjoyed playing with
Wolverine claws and ray guns and bunkers
and somebody who's mad what I cut my
finger
hmm see you guys right thank you I
shouldn't give like comments attractions
and I'll see you tomorrow
oh happy Thanksgiving I think
