good morning friends it's a Monday
morning it's a cold and frosty Monday
morning I don't know why did the wind
blow the tent over because I wanted to
cross the road yeah he'll mean huh well
I'm gonna fix it today I'm gonna fix it
okay so by the time you get back from
school I'll have it all fixed all right
it's just arraigned yesterday and then
we went to the VA at Louie's house
remember yeah so then that I didn't get
a chance to fix it
while whole Pinkie Pie you have Monty
Monty your binky 5 what yeah John Lewis
walking to school on the Monday morning
homeworks done and it's probably gonna
be 4 wait but I'm gonna do it anyway
cuz it's a long-term plan to get away
from mom and dad and have my own house
and get married and have my own kids you
start the cycle all over again listen to
me here mother nature it better not be
all these levels of cold
you don't plan and snow it alright
here's the thing folks parents ability
insight into these these television
screens at the back are amazing alright
amazing
it's it what's amazing about it is the
kids don't sleep anymore in the car they
sit there and watch a little tiny pops
or whatever but you will never get to
listen to music ever again because
you'll always have to listen to tiny
pops you can mute the front speakers but
then you can just hear it in the back
when you're older they have headphones
and stuff right there so when they're
older they can't do that but I kind of
like listen to it so we listen to
Hercules yesterday going into London and
then we listened to was it Cinderella or
something under drive home it scares
probably improving my knowledge of
Disney some wine right back to the topic
at hand
I wonder snow I want to I want to sit
with a week off with a snow pile a pile
of snow lads oh it's so cold kelvis it's
called lat it's freezing cold
oh all right let's get here we go
welcome to the 1980s
welcome to the 1980s guys look at this
like this is absolutely ridiculous is
they Bowl
gives a board gives me but I think as a
vault I think anyway it's ridiculous but
I'm heading out to again to get my new
trays and I'm so excited and I don't
know if I need a cue to over my oh that
is so cool when you take your keys out I
didn't know that
let's go on an adventure hi hi how are
you these are never gone me only little
don't know don't go up stairs yeah oh
yeah bring it on the stairs you
shouldn't become men no no but let's be
honest who cares it's funny Martin of
the week it's cold in Creston freak all
right this is what I'm thinking lads
it's wintertime Christmas and wine
missiles he'll say no I've heard it so
dis I think anyway it's broken and
broken which is really annoying but
anyway I'm gonna dismantle this thing
because it's winter time anyway I'm
gonna dismantle the pool because it's
winter time anyway that could be a big
giant block of ice for all I know
that'll be kind of cooler but it's a big
joy or maybe it's a snowman
hushpuppy
a giant slush puppy is it ever a straw
for hours anyway I'm gonna drain that
thing wrap it up and put it away for the
winter because the ADEs winter I'm
accepting it as winter time this little
fella over here where is it this little
guy over here it's perfectly fine
hey just had a thought the next time I
take that out might be during moving
would not be pretty cool
I'll be pretty cool
let's let's make a pact always making
backs as you me wrong he's making backs
anyway put the packs on hold and let's
get this thing broken down and put away
it's a bit mad all right here we go big
bowl of ice nope
I think she looks quite nice I'm gonna
go for a quick dip a fresh dip oh my
that's not a lady that was cold as cold
water anyway he's gonna it's gonna water
all the plants along here for us nicely
hey finger net double dare you oh my god
it's beyond cold I have no idea why I
double dares myself well I was kind of
technically double daring you but you
are a dentist I got my new trees pretty
sure it took like 15 minutes or so but I
was just waiting for my appointment just
start I'm just fitted me with new trees
and gave me ten weeks work worth and
then the new dates are not till February
and then another one in June which seems
ages away oh but um my tip apparently
looking straighter I don't really notice
much of a difference but everybody keeps
saying that they look straighter but I
think it's really hard I think it's
really hard when it's yourself and you
can't really look at yourself like
objectively so much so it's difficult
but I always love when she puts the new
Invisalign in how white it looks because
the Invisalign get stained even though I
clean them like religiously they do get
stained by the end of the two weeks so I
love how white they look when you first
put them in it looks like you've got
your teeth whitened but you haven't go
collecting media from school any whiter
look it's gone it's gone leaves are gone
thing is clocked up the water still
draining
claw let's go collect Emilia I don't
like coming cuz he runs into our class
what you on TV on let's play the
children so I always had an you're on
and actually got to listen to music it
was amazing but no music is off now wait
TV TV there we go ah tiny pups is it
nine nine yeah you're so cute
alright let's go collect Emilia psycho
Rizzoli's reunite go mister go here's a
kid your jelly alright let's go okay
let's go grab one of those hands hold
his hands
oh-oh-oh-oh
let's go watch you're walking like an
orangutan what they think you by a month
you are lonely please alright he's gonna
hit the button now you be careful
Macario first oh no we lost right Oh
all holding hands no running no running
come on slowpoke careful careful we've
lost child travel down we are back in
the car
what Thank You Willie we're watching
what are you watching what's on who's
that I don't know that show okay
oh my goodness Mehta focus oh my
goodness all right old actually ever
bring in Gerardo the school directing
video but they love it he comes in he
just like runs into the classroom and
everyone's like oh he's like playing
with the toys and stuff like that and
just getting him the idea like I don't
want him to go to school okay
like I think we put Amelia in nursery
would choose two by two and I know it's
so good for them like so I really Anand
wardo like he's so smart as well as
Amelia and inquisitive and I know he
would try for I don't know if I'm ready
look let's make another baby first and
then so at least I know once I know
there's another one I have another baby
then at least then maybe I'll be ready
to let him go huh
let's go plan nope didn't go plan
no what what oh geez they've gone crazy
let's go home I came here to buy flowers
for Ana yesterday for her lunch date for
January I brought the kids at me I
didn't bring my wallet oh my goodness I
just took them out of the car and
everything could have been worse I could
have gone as far as actually the
checkout and realized that okay guys you
need to go back in but you want to go
back in and watch some more TV no I'll
come on I need you to participate that
you forgot his wallet that is a silly
Billy
okay let's go
- seriously I drove all the way out here
forgot my wallet
if I never bring - one at the school TV
back on TV's back on oh boy
inside we go look at me look it's gone
the big Kent is gone and all the leaves
and look at the pool huh do you see the
pool I don't you want to go first to him
do you want to go for a swim go and jump
in it's too cold huh
it's all leaking out here don't kick it
hey we drove our dough in no mm-hmm all
right let's go inside come on because
it's winter time bucket team Glee making
me look bad okay I went to get flowers
I forgot my wallet kind of beat them and
they're like they look great cool oh oh
the green place in Soho place I couldn't
remember you today we're waiting here
the media is underway we're gonna paint
some gonna eat gonna paint something why
no no you're not gonna be named we're
gonna do a selfie we do in your camera
oh this help you guys
you doing a selfie you wanna go right up
mommy's making deep blue come on guys
let's go
Hey look first before we go to school
are these paint sets are we taking
selfies everywhere like a bunch of
selfies new videos
it's emotionalized look at the start so
good you'd like to house it's like story
oh and it's like dad and her and like
the necklace to do generations it should
I actually watch that run through the
motions were hi Catherine when is this
coming out tonight so it was out
yesterday guys should definitely check
it out other than camel oh okay I'm
cooking dinner we're making black bean
beef with these weird things that I've
never used before it says high protein
it says organic black bean spaghetti and
it's high protein
oh I said high protein high fiber cooks
all dente only beans and water if it's
anything like black pasta I will
probably like it says 569 boil in water
for five six minutes so let's give it a
go see how that tastes this looks yummy
smells yummy too and Jonathan is
entertaining your kids also what do you
think of my new scarf I love it I'm
really into big scarf at the moment I've
just been kind of like following honest
people and like Instagram and like
bloggers and stuff like that that seemed
to be all into their big scarves and I
am like I think they look really nice so
it made me want to wear
and to have like one really big one
probably but two big ones but I felt
like I needed more so I got this one and
then I got a great one as well just
Boyle I assumed it's just like normal
pasta you don't know and did you see my
lovely flowers I put them in the hall
because I thought they would look nice
out there they are so pretty and pink my
favorite color okay
we are rewarded to the back the bath
people this is what happens these days
kids end up in the bath or shower fee
fie fo fum I'm gonna come inside if I
spend their bomb you a spaceman spaceman
I always wanted you to go into space
into electric now look at this part I
made look at this bad isn't it neat
would you like to walk on your feet okay
guys
yeah
