hello Miglia hello Eduardo when they're
dancing with the iPad we figured out a
way to share the iPad was dancing Auto
where to run away why do you have to
dance in chair remember yes right arm oh
yeah all four of them so one hand and an
iPad each yeah and where that will hold
one hand in your iPad
no hold right yeah there we go
now you guys each each iPad represents a
possible trust look another boy and girl
imagine everybody everybody's out oh
okay Oh popcorn don't eat all my popcorn
again let's go on an adventure
Amelia what's going on here why is the
house sitting here no Raj what you want
to take it beside this yeah it's a nice
little background blood drop ha ha you
know alright I'm 17
how could you the phone case in the
thing
eating that drug in my life hi guys I'm
taking a picture to make that first long
journey lads in the Beast
we're going to brighton brighton Memphis
Tennessee I'm going to Bratton Bratton
Memphis Tennessee nice okay there is a
way to mute this from the front but I
don't have to do it so we're gonna have
listened to cartoons all the way to go
there's nowhere to go
there's nowhere to go it's the perfect
size door for you right now
so this is the haunted house for kids
yeah come to Zoe's right back in the
cage back in the cage this is what we do
when we're over and Zoey says we just
put the kids in the cage yeah okay this
is not us any pop now oh oh okay we got
a rarity one now let me feel your bones
it's not what the witches did oh we need
to find you up you up now joints and
sweet
Oh No why does escaped Chris escape with
the brighter future let's go let's go
you and your little dog dan dan dan
that's an a they dint attend
not neither no wait Amelia Amelia Amelia
Amelia minion where's my dough oh my God
look look you can feel her she's like
I've got yet but I know you're this
what's your hands no no no no no no not
what if her that's not how you shut the
door first once's now he was going now
let me show you what happened so I put
your hand there
it's a X ray it's worth it's worth it's
for Eduardo it's hurted weirdo weirdo go
behind them wait oh wait oh wait oh
Eduardo now doors might be a monster
behind you did you know I didn't jump it
off Nala did oh oh oh oh I'm gonna do
the monkey thing Nana can you explain
this
yeah that was Nona the monkeys monkeys
Aaron Lee it's Christmas and Zoe's house
let's go come on wardo we gotta go to
Christmas land there better be a Santa
Claus here uh-huh
let's go it's way way we can send the
Claus come on into Christmas time
Wow oh my goodness it is Christmas in
here hey this is so cool Oh sneak peek
at the 24-day zoella set oh yeah I got Q
in this one this one's a little elf hat
this one's so cute
look oh my goodness oh you wanna Elfie
huh look in the mirror what I look elf
yourself you know that happening
everyone oh he's good Jonathan look oh
and not for you for toilet which one
you've afraid it's 109 t1o the presence
God the presence Emilia I'd be one flush
there I'm not I'm afraid
oh no that's that all for me hey because
I've been really good this year has
Emilia been good this year
oh wow what if you are Santa Claus for
for Christmas what do you want for tell
Zoey what you want for christmas oh yeah
I don't know about Santa Clauses budget
stretches to a house they're so cute
look at you like a media jingle bousley
hey you wanna sing jingle bells no she's
off I'll fee how's that prepared us a
meal why did you make all of this so
jealous of them because we can't get
waka moments in our place until even
Israel and deliver your son any
packaging no I'm just looking at the one
advice you're wearing caps new car
this is yours watch this why cool isn't
it it is amazing and your stuffs on
today that is so cause member I was
trying to flip the stuff into the food
like that is so much better we were in
here you guys have everything you guys
have to like come live with us you can
have the Christmas room oh oh feast time
I decided to go to play like a civilized
people Alfie just eating out of a box or
everyone who I that's always mom
hey I mean I mean look immediate on the
plate as well you only civilized people
here you've presented yours very well I
know you and it's really good I was
thinking of a proper proper wife maybe
Zoe's mom is reliving her you ever
always says the two of them are like Jo
and Zoey
oh yeah Eduardo what happened going to
page
she's trying not to look at the men what
are you doing there she's doing the
princess she is did the princess lock
the media is just had a or she's having
a sparkly pink cake pop do you like it
say yummy who made it
yeah and Eduardo is having a Christmas
see what he picked like the brightest
one it was so cute they're so happy I
feel like they come to your house for
the sugar she came to chef let me sweep
it out there it's alright it's fine I'm
not a it so it's always house is clean
it's also made of sugar I don't need the
floor that's fine all right we are gonna
shoot a video with Zoey Christmas video
with Joey glasses on and off focus has
been lost
Oh
all right we are shooting a video with
Zoey Christmas video it Zoey and another
funny video at alfea media is gonna read
stories it's always mom grandma sug sug
Eduardo's hiding hey weirdo I'm Jonathan
Johnny's change with nappy what hi did
you do poo poos did you do Cooper's I
think you did yeah look at this
zoey is a different jumper for every day
in Christmas Oh snow snow seeing don't
see its surprised stop guys stop looking
I only have one question yeah why no I'm
just about to do a whole Christmas
jumper hole that's your little sneak
there you go shout out what that
Christmassy this room looks well we
filmed the video I can't tell you who
won but you know obvious I probably want
you think won Zoey you think was the
best that gonna have to wait recipe oh
if I got lipstick there oh no sister
spot coming I thought every Amelia had
lipstick on her and it was scratch yeah
the lipstick brings all the boys to the
yard
you guys feel a bit more Christmassy -
this feels my Christmassy no don't my
horrible on Christmas tales Oh Christmas
your presence is a bit Thanksgiving ish
oh yeah coz I'm not sure if I want to
let go of that yet you gotta let that go
why don't the winds at next week this
weekend next in five days
MUA hello in this life maybe stripe is
oh my god he seems like slow version oh
hey there's now run
the high Libya what size today when I
fitting them oh my Donna yeah come on
it's gonna take so much old dose of mine
to me it said do you like that mean did
you wear them you know I think Eric
haven't wears shoes like this really
give me go
go ahead o go honey interesting business
yeah thanks hey I dunno
yeah my no I want to go daddy's having
to go now that my mine yes like squeeze
chute little cozy looks like you don't
you will you taught us out few then one
likes a miss ivy
oh yes lies I look at small and when
zoella oh no you don't carry my feet
right now
yes help you tried him on I know I just
fell over George in some magical thing
I'm gonna put my blog here and then I
would sit like this yeah alright you
need to be at this room or no no that
way more ya know I need to lean back for
this you might be to make this my family
this might okay Joey - Joey through my
camera
yeah you ready yeah Amelia Amelia look
meter look
Oh fireworks so we like to do fireworks
indoors dr. tellers ah is it cool
indoor why'd you want to hold one okay
you can hold it
hold out Wow effing Eduardo careful you
can let go she can hold it
she's having before cool that girl oh oh
you tended to chu'lak he's trying to
touch it okay giant set that is on fire
friends are such a wonderful thing bye
friends we'll see you tomorrow
and Irish Charette song came from I was
just laughing away as I was watching the
festivals and funds we're having
yesterday I was thinking ah shucks turn
tatius great funder nowadays else and
then I started and slate and I thought
oh my goodness it's all come together by
friends
