I'm going to speak guys you want to
sleep when I wake up I can take mine
oh when you wake up okay I guess we'll
just wait here for immediate wake up and
then she'll start the blog never she's
ready
good morning Amelia how are you today my
friend Jessica - your friend Justine
yeah that's it I'm everything
oh why dosing today Wario has a
temperature lads 38 point when I was
today point nine this morning that's 101
or something crazy like that but it's
gone down wrong stairs to my cool office
cuz I like I like what what you guys
like his room temperature myself and I
are really really different which is
really funny because it's the it caused
us a lot of arguments sometimes you like
I'll come into a room and I like open a
window because I'm like I can't read and
I fall asleep the room is too warm we're
not a cuisines like I praising like I
need out when I window sometimes I like
under sly which is not look and I'll go
over like open that window we're sitting
here watching TV and I'll just like play
it cool and chic moonshine it's really
common I don't know what it's called oh
yeah let me suppose let me know you hot
people are what's your room - what's
your room temperature ideal I don't know
a room temperature if I just I like air
windows open and somebody I like a night
time I have to sleep with the window
open first it's going so duardo with six
several stairs he has a temperature for
about two or three hours at me and now
it's come down to the thirty eight point
one which means pretty staffing is all
right so so that's the information you
have for today okay night-night Amelia
night-night wardo yeah I got candles Oh
blow out the candles guys yeah geez who
who left the candles on
we're gonna plug candles - oh you can't
blow your candles out here here laughter
hold the laptop there you go right Oh
Perry that's it
candle or something
something's wrong with you dad I'm
covered in Jam where are you go to jam10
did I see your cover and you fly it and
Jimmy kite put you in a fire engine
yes fire engine you have to put me back
eh oh oh no Amelia oh goodness oh
goodness II have to remain the danger
guy put you in the danger yeah me girl
okay
what's gonna happen when you get into
danger hey Mike oh okay okay let's put
you in a danger right
we've got Amelia we're gonna put her in
the danger okay okay we've put a media
in the danger now what happens weirdo
weirdo
why don't get Amelia you're gonna have
to put Amelia into a recovery position
okay it's okay I was a lifeguard for
about seven years lads I'm a trained
professional okay
oh my goodness she's a life you saved
her
now she's a princess white oh wow no he
really loves you though what's going on
Oh a queen so we were all in Lancet and
then I remembered I had one in my Prada
bag because I wasn't even using the
Prada bag but I was using it more so in
New York and I had packed lenses and put
them in just because we were kind of
we're also ill um
in the UK they say ill for sick or sick
for you know sick means like actually
getting sick and ill means sick but
anyway em or as a reading a cesspool so
found this I saved the day so I'm making
Johnson some lump and I think there
might be one more of these actually not
sure hopefully there is good though
because otherwise I'm gonna have to go
and get some little update
we've been kalpana man dressed in them
about 37.5 it's almost in a normal area
that good news right oh if you ever
become in focus that's good news worried
oh yeah the part whoever gets asked that
when he's younger in like a disco and
then they'd be like hey GGG want to go
meet yeah join him it's the underworld
that's just did my workout with Lucy
she's back who finally um it's been ages
but I have been keeping up with my
workouts in I had been in New York and
I'd still been doing them here but this
was like a really tough like kind of
setting me back into it so I'm really
happy
and if you guys want lucy has created a
plane is it a playlist yeah for kappa
yeah for the month of november and she's
gonna be doing them every month you can
go to her website LWR fitness calm yeah
and check those out because i do her
work it's like I do a four-minute one
every morning and then I do a 15 to 20
minute one every evening and they really
really work so definitely check out her
website
well movies in Bangka I think I have it
a dirty part in here
I just keep it a both and we're standing
in front of the little pots of tea and
self didn't make you a tea party
you're the tea party guys so we are
making dinner and for dinner tonight
I thought it would be nice to make
something that is vegetarian because I'm
a firm believer in like varying it up
during the week so I try and do like one
vegetarian ideally like one vegetarian
dish like one red meat we usually have
like two chicken because we eat quite a
lot of chicken
um and one fish and like then obviously
we get peace I usually almost every
Friday but I just think like balance is
key and I feel like we're not a
vegetarian found or anything but it's
just trying to think
so these burgers are actually they're
organic op veggie burgers and they're
actually vegan as well so these are
whole meal rolls or like buttons and
then I've got in here sweet potato fries
cooking and I'm gonna add some lettuce
maybe some tomato and stuff like that
and it should be
what are you doing was talking anyway
I'm looking forward to this meal I think
it should be good
oh boy did he want some bed it wino got
up at like what was it half five four
yeah was half right hmm quite late cuz
we let him sleep because he's feeling
ill homeless crooked here um hold on
he told what happened Oh Olaf and Elsa
cool I like your food make sure it looks
good
bless it a fight and more to chomping
rules this household look at these
things they look so like real burgers
this is the official area now listen to
me what's going on here yes please uh
rocket if you have us I want you to make
you burger exactly the veggie burgers
fortified with veggies and burgers
the good thing you remember who
remembers spiced burgers a spice burger
silly thing I hope you remember spice
burgers oh boy
hey my name is Burt oh then I get that
Mexican one early get the other ones
give no way of knowing you know I have
you know the difference
oh I like a Mexican or al Joey huh we
think did you eat um did you try some
oh here's some of my milk no you don't
like that bit try before you buy if you
don't like it you can give it to Wired
oh okay
good why don't eat everything um I like
my burger in my mouth I like my burger
in my mouth when I go up big and strong
I'm gonna drink something that cuz I eat
my burger in my mouth
I don't like me better in me Mount I'm
going to be small like a sprout cuz I
don't eat my vegetables at all no you're
sick for a while you feel like you have
an action peanut side
yes I feel like I feel like I haven't
been outside huh why then I came out
last night put the bins there now I'm
gonna go see if they were actually taken
because the leaves on my car what are
you doing I would ah alright let's go
find out if lebens have been led taken
because there was a crazy storm last
night I'm a bit concerned that the bins
were blown away and even open how do I
even get out of here does anyone know
all right lads what's the password oh my
god blue porch Oh looks good so far
yes it was taken nope
we lost a lid I was also so jealous
today that and I got to do workout with
Lucy last time look last time I'll have
to do this set was here basically
because moon New York I had like a basic
one to do like every night in the hotels
but uh hey lb I haven't actually no
because once I got the treatment done on
my head and I had to wait ten days
before I can do any like major physical
exercise which is kind of s'alright
looking like actually look we're in a
pretty good light situation so I need to
stop looking but it's pretty good it's
still kind of sore huh it's still sore
you know um if you guys if anyone's ever
thinking of doing the hair transplant
thing like is that it is sore the
recovery process like it's difficult to
you know to mean I still have them I'm
still like sensitive on the back of my
head and sensitive in front of my head
and it's still a scabby at the top but
we're only about ten days I think about
ten days at post surgery so you can't
really expect anything decent like if it
was something I don't it took like one
minute and it was done then you probably
think like let's find out as long term
this is for the rest of my life
all these hairs are gonna be here so
obviously that's something that's
probably gonna take a little bit of time
to repair but I am and you can't look
you can't see any holes anymore like it
doesn't actually look instrum attic he
just looks like the front of my hair is
a different length to the rest of it so
once all the scabbard stuff is gone from
the front
I'll just reshape my head to try to
balance out all the hairs and then it
should look kind of normal
norman's but I cannot wait to start
working out again oh my goodness this
gives you so much more energy you just
feel so much more alive you just feel so
much more capable and strong I hate
feeling like a bit smug even I'm not a
bit smudgy but I just feel like smudgy
the cat come on mister that's a BP by
the way come on let's go let's go Albie
let's go let's go well view let's go
somebody left a comment and they were
like usually cool to watch Anna and
Eduardo yesterday because pretty much
was really all anti yesterday but they
were like there to count
I mean he had the crazy ones which is
kind of funny because when we were
younger myself and I don't worry young
girl Anna was more like yeah me what I
got me out of like I'm in you and Han
and then you're like cuz when you were
younger like myself and I was like wait
oh man I was like no but you were like
Amelia and I was like Eduardo nobody
knows that
yeah because me now is like media and
you know actually not like him at all
when I was younger
no I was totally like yeah
personality-wise is when he goes up to
the dogs like no son no yeah not reminds
me of me like when he does like this is
an attention-seeker that's you as a
child
yeah yeah attention given me this little
like very sensitive very attached
everybody mom always said I was more
impended hmm I would just go on for like
you I would she told ya I see myself
parent so much whereas em on my younger
sister was so like him with like more
clingy towards my mom like anything with
the hands like yeah old like I wasn't
like that and she's not like that
well it's funny isn't it yeah and things
can change like cuz all the stuff I did
is very feminine I was very feminine
like you touching my feminine side as a
young man I was like I played with
Barbies and stuff like that and my
telephone ease and survey nians and
stuff yeah she does
I know yeah like today she was trying to
tell me that she went to the back of
that and announced a book and she was
pointing at the spider-man and Ninja
Turtle one and she's like we should get
the spider-man and Ninja Turtle one dad
and then we can play those games it was
like watch hilarious like what it's
funny how that is like as I everyone
always says it's it a very end but
mister I understand you have line
I think I know where it is can you say
please say goodbye friends together in
harmony
goodbye friends immediacy my friends
despite a vest we're gonna get it I
wouldn't the troilus getting madder
every day and see unit Wireless
following her
Eduardo's like funny off-camera you
don't mean he's like hilarious but you
never catch him in hilarious you ever
catch him being like really shy and
stuff but he's a crazy monkey - hey hope
you enjoyed the video giving know like
in a comment and a subscription and have
a good rest of your day
and I'll see you back here seems like
every time same Zico literally channel
boyfriends
