morning friends poor media is sick today
hmm you feeling sick yeah do that better
accept refreshing you can stay in bed if
you want all day you just stay in bed to
be get better okay
he's died he's also sick mommy was sick
and she's not sick
eduarda was sick now he's not sick it's
just you and me now yeah
can I sleep in your bed with you and
snuggle in bed all day long
okay look after each other we could take
turns making the soup wouldn't sleep
don't you go to school today okay
because there's no point on the school
if you're sick we'll just make everybody
else sick and that's not fair is it so
you take a look and you call that if you
need him okay
he's only in his office like it's your
little bell you can ring ringing daddy
Bell mmm I love you you Kings rising
closely don't you stay here forever
okay so we've decided to venture
downstairs
Commedia is dressed appropriately my big
problem is that my head is freezing but
I can't wear a hat like a proper like
wooly hat just because it did the wool
can like pull it the hairs and something
up looking good it looks tall these days
I am like hanging it's like there's two
kind of flu as you know there's the flu
you get really likes Nazis everywhere
and all that then there's the one way
just like extremely tired and like
really lethargic and stuff
last thing when I got act hmm we all got
it we got it from yes what we're dressed
appropriately
mmm to the me it's gonna see why not
mr. ice nuggets summer one dressed like
it's major we're here excited to come
down but we dress appropriately does not
look so good in on top so I was thinking
wow a nice necklace where can I get one
of them
why no tune my it's cold
oh no it's okay it's okay
you like Pocahontas I see it Y dos
brought her some toys what I was going
through her um Bob always the favorite
one and Jonathan has just disappeared
upstairs
I think everyone is sick except for me
and everyone except for me and Edward oh
you're not really anyone who kind of
belonging
hi do you want anything you want a new
breakfast
oh you like something because you just
left your breakfast Oh get your hands
off you guys are like the same probably
babies times that oh that's me not that
long like it's 10:15
I'm just trying preschool hmm easy never
ends if I don't know like what are you
feeling are you feeling like sick in
your tummy no just like my just like the
varsity do you have a cold
no it's a lot of lose my girl ooh okay
maybe lemsip then oh okay okay look what
came so exciting okay let's get this in
and open it up guess what this is guys
I'm so excited to show you this it
seemed something that I have needed to
order forever
oh my goodness what is it oh yeah do you
know okay so I know this is really
dangerous even a dog in there don't try
this at home but I wanted to put it
somewhere just temporarily to show you
guys what do you think
dougies yeah so this is a picture that
Helen took Sina of all of our doggies at
daycare and I loved it so much I'm gonna
put it on this huge empty wall Albie
click Albie CEO who's this one
no this newbies who's this one yeah
who's this one
Nevaeh and this is Bianca you go yeah
you bring that to Daddy okay good point
well done bring up to him okay good boy
good job
got more lemsip in an Orlando Cup go and
bring it to Daddy
hot hot
yeah Holt the struggle gone daddy's in
bed okay once you're up then it's easier
okay good boy you've got it no he's in
bed he's in bed good point
no legalities no in the bathroom oh good
boy
Oh hot hot no no no no Ellis problem
it's cold man Thank You ro oh it's so
cute I know where is it little one what
little one
maybe she's asleep on the sofa oh look
at them
I hope he doesn't catch what I wish you
got Oh careful you telling her to be
careful ah the supermom
I've always wanted one of those
sharp turns it's basically a buggy her
out what was she wearing dress her head
yeah
she you sister a cute he's cute
okay why don't owe you for me is he so
handsome
its eyes yeah yeah sleepy yeah back in
the land of the living
back in the land of the living how's it
going yeah
a curry thing like you think I'm a soup
I almost acted as a soup like on
multiple occasions nose in ears and nose
and mouth we make all of it maybe just
window because like I'm sick and the
medias taken better have a big appetite
neither she you know what what do I have
to look at
nice did you see those pictures you
showed him this picture it's so amazing
is it guys did you see the picture don't
care don't care no where's your sister
sister hi Amelia how are you feeling you
feel any better what do you even
watching beyond limits Oh ads we need to
get you to bread for the kids turn off
all the ads there we go do you want do
you want to that wardo see - all right
you want to get up you want to stay up
here with Daddy forever is that what you
want I'm mommy pops a mommy and a daddy
hello mommy Watson see how mommy said
you know
so cute Oh bingo
why did I even question that is all
right we have made intent hey where are
you going this morning time no longer
took us to fill that fort noonas come
along willy-nilly gonna break our fort
so we've built our Wow our day-long the
mommies on in must go okay at first you
want to apologize for help crap oh look
this clip right here but um I've just
been crying like non-stop and I can't
even like I can't seem to turn it off
like to stop I'm just like so emotional
and Mike hormonal anyway
but basically I was looking for ages for
a picture to post to kind of like not
launch my jewelry line because it's it's
not like properly launching until the
23rd but I was just doing like an
announcement today I was looking for
pictures like I've been kind of looking
for pictures anyway to launch it and to
kind of like promote it in a way you
know it's something that would be
meaningful so they had to be like it had
to be the right picture so my mom sent
me this picture yesterday
of my dad
this one she said be that picture and
that's the only one she could find of
him wearing it and it's just coincidence
it's just coincidence that he's looking
off to the side and then I took I was
taking pictures of me wearing this and
like not even intentionally I was just
like doing side ones and front ones or
whatever and then I had this idea of
like how cool would it be if we were
actually looking at each other so I just
put the two pictures together didn't
even put that much planning into it but
it just like worked and then came up
with this picture and as soon as I like
finished the picture like put them both
side by side I started crying and I'm
literally not being able to stop crying
since what is wrong with me anyway I've
got images now of the all the star signs
I'm so excite they're in the post like
coming to me on their way to me I should
get them by tomorrow so I'm so excited
to see them all I hope you guys are
excited too sorry that I'm so emotional
but like it's just really it just is
kind of an emotional thing and like this
is why I did it because it like meant
something to me I didn't want to do
something I'm not doing this for like
any other reason like honestly I'm not
doing this for money I'm not doing it
for like no right like nothing just like
I genuinely wear this every single day
it means so much to me and people always
ask me where I got it and I can't like
direct you anywhere so I just thought
it'd be cool if I could make it myself
so I hope you guys like it if you want
to register on the website follow the
link down below and they're offering
world free worldwide shipping to
everybody who registers before the
launch which is the 20
next Monday 23rd of November oh my
goodness Oh Franceschi just sent out the
final appeal box
oh when I see that the other day it's a
gleam of that my my priority of the day
about us not saying stuff to clean be
more finally they're moving office at
this week so I don't know and hard to
know they're moving like and I can't
remember I can't remember but corp you
about to dress will be to control these
acts major just for everyday move - it's
like a tepee or something that has your
name on it because in me I'm gonna catch
you yeah guys guys guys get it there Oh
Christmas stockings for the doggies
hilltop honey all right again here no we
can play with this stuff save my friends
save my friends
Eduardo save my friends give it a slap I
know you want it I know you want to do
it the one time the one time aya plan an
ending it when he slapped the thing
hey guys maro bye bye friends it's
Eduardo he's up here with me again
Eduardo has a temperature oh my god is
38.5 which is any over 37 is a bit of an
issue you know so it's like oh my
goodness like Ana got sick humor not
there for the whole day that myself and
Emilia got it and they'll find Eduardo
has it today oh my goodness but
hopefully this is it now we beat the
system anyway thanks much for watching
today's video presentation hope you
enjoyed it I didn't remember that day
leave comments and likes and
subscriptions and I'll see you tomorrow
good bye
