good morning friends welcome to the
garage so we can see the little green
light over there that means it's fully
charged up yesterday it was like dead
there was no power in it so it was like
that's how fast I was going with no
power could you imagine how fast it's
gonna be now and it's fully jacked up
like so I'm ringing the media to ballet
but I need to get a car seat for her put
in the car oh let's go put all this
stuff over here you can actually see the
car now that it's bright outside it's so
cool look I need to figure out how to
ease work as well
alright let's turn these bad boys in
here oh all right we are all aboard
everyone here now let me see how to turn
on extra features no audio video I know
what rare media go source TV TV I didn't
know I have to bring a DVD with me we're
here no meet it was freaking out the
whole way along because there's a little
Sami Sami the spider here let's bring
Sami there we go nice guy
Sami the spider is gone okay huh all
clear alright come on wait oh let's go I
bring water into ballet okay you wait
here now ballet we are playing around
here something to do we've got like a
half an hour to burn you look in here
look let's see sometimes a little farce
or something come on it's gonna
adventure you ready for adventure time
very very windy is it too windy for
luggage some crazy storm coming guys I'm
trying to cover your microphone it's
some crazy storm coming into UK like
700,000 mile an hour
oh you suck oh my undies
come on we can do it like a trooper boss
look at the bench huh bench bench little
bit of lunch okay that's the old thing
here as well okay this thing here as
well there's lots of things to look at
or no
huh I just doesn't go anywhere okay
reverse whoa like a teepee pole you want
to kinda see people it's too cold that
tag right off using your ballet class in
there mister peres fellas don't spill
them on the floor you got one G left and
it will 'var mmm and also why no I got
your gold thank you thank you do you
like ballet Amelia is Miss Benjamin your
favorite ballet teacher
Amelia who's your favorite ballet
teacher this one is that your favorite
brother
yeah cuz you've so many brothers oh you
gotta be really careful okay guys back
up back up back up back up back up back
up back up please area first
oh okay it's clear
okay this way okay come on over here
he's so cute you know all right we are
trying to figure out a TV works so look
we have Sky News on so do you see Sky
News there's that good no okay
so what we need is to find a Cavey show
for the kids
I'll try and find one guys you tell me
when okay what's this one what's this
one why do we found guys we got cartoons
we got cartoons in the car so don't
watch in here oh this is cool isn't it
yeah all right well hold on a second
I just wanna show you this before you
turn the car off is that cool guys huh
and they're just so cool like I really
got this car for you guys you know that
cuz I love you
and I thought you'd like it here look at
this I think this is for like snacks or
something
oh look at that we can put the thing
down in the middle so you gonna put your
snacks and your drinks on it yeah we're
getting out now it's so cool I love you
guys
way better than silly sports cars even
though it has about 600 brake horsepower
v8 thing is insane lads
Eduardo's not really into this race but
we're racing to nap time ready on your
marks get set go hurry up come on don't
let me to carry you
the winner is waiting ah you won good
girl the winner is Amelia Thomasina
ciccone Juli
what about Eduardo Jonathan saucony
Jolie
do you like Amelia's room Rapunzel
where's yeah she's up there you want to
hold her Eduardo where's Pascal
where's Pascal I know where he is want
me to show you come here look see I
found him for you look Mia we found
Pascal come on see
oh okay oh what'd you just do
did she break I mean yeah where's her
head sorry mommy oh my goodness would be
headed uh-huh
that's why you don't throw your toys
it's okay we'll get daddy to fix it with
some superglue
okay do you know where she went okay
well we'll try and find it and we'll try
and fix it okay
Oh lads I love my little son of a gun
but he gave me his flu thing let's
figure a human right they were at that
restaurant um I was like two days ago or
something I'm like that's when he
infected me I got the infections lads
kinda keep my eyes out but I'm like
struggling to get your eye open there oh
it was tough but I am I know I can paint
you guys pretend you're not sick and
most of the time you don't get worse and
you kind of get better you just save
your lo come on man you're not that bad
but sometimes you want to just snuggle
up and bad and you want your mom to just
make you some chicken soup and cut me
into bed and read you a story like it's
okay Johnny Tintin little Johnny thin
little tiny thin well my mom anyway I
better go later Gators hmm wardo it's
not Hospital raped
evening so do you like it Amelia I
forgot how old this was he came on like
up this means people add or like the
preview I was like this must be like the
old like nineteen thirties little like
Mickey Mouse preview thing no this is
the real hope film was like oh it's
really old okay let's get the dog East
Bay
why don't you Rabine dance here yeah
okay yeah you're gonna help mummy look
oops let me put her Brian that was a
mistake let's see if either dry yet nope
they're not okay
how cool is this though guys so this is
the new bed that I got and all the
stuffing comes out so like this is the
cushion these are the side like I think
that's really cool and then you just
wash it in here yeah we take this out
should we take this out Oh actually I'm
gonna try that so this is the blanket
that I bought them and then these are
all the sweet bits from the bed I have
returned I went for a big long nap I
sweated like instead Leisure's of body
juice came out of me it was insane huh
we're back we watched the aristocrats
would you like the aristocrats now it's
time for dinner so if you just like
scootch on here like this we just bring
you in for dinner
why so apparently I have a crumbly head
is that what it's called
I have a crumbly head Amelia why you
said they were upstairs yeah why they
see the up staircase jeepers I do
do you have a pass do you know the
password yeah you've got cow Paul
bio-oil
these this is why that's nighttime
routine
now daddy kiss me now what's what
studies had like it's crumbly I won't
touch you back Sarah you can see but
it's the top of the head it's all the
scarring and stuff it is is you know
when you get a cut and it's like that
stuff from the top it's all like okay oh
also I mean yeah okay she chews a
cartographer ok this implants also meet
each one's had our friends what what
happened with the calendars or happened
hey they're all sad are they all sold
out
forget the calendars or so like that's
it I won't
I won't make you kiss my head okay deal
oh it's a deal
it's a deal but let's go to bed because
your school in the morning
yeah so let's say goodnight to our
friends alright say bye friends
save my friends Wow my friends save my
friends that's it you're a big trouble
come here you can't go to bed without
pajamas and cream that's just crazy
anyway friends hope you enjoyed the
video presentation situation everyone in
this gradually household has been sick I
have caught it I thought I was so like
holy head now I've holy head crumbly
head and some sort of flu thing I know I
know exactly yeah oh I purple anyway
thanks for watching today's video
presentation I would really appreciate
if you hit that like button if you left
me a nice comment if you subscribed if
it's your first time here welcome and
enjoy this picture collection that was
made but what have you for you or me I
don't know anyway see you later friends
don't forget to write goodbye what
guardo can you say bye bye ya know can
you say hello he's a funny lad
quiet bye bye
