good morning friends we were reading the
story the wino see you know the book
Friday morning she's going on here
Friday morning school issues
I like that hopefully is not yellow how
can it not yellow yeah it's very white
maybe it's got butter on her yeah I mean
it is off to school
Amelia's off to school don't want to be
if you go to school huh
dad you thinking no no huh
I can't carry you okay Carrie oh look
we're here we're here huh yeah mommy's
asleep okay
and uh Sunday off piranhas feeding all
she's on the nyquil what this is mommy's
car we've gone into the site though
right
there's your cool of Solitude room
comments why is Amelia wearing a glove
it's her Elsa glove you don't have it
outside glow
no way can you get up no all right I
gotta go afterwards and pick up some dog
food and stuff yeah Anna is on the
nyquil
which is this American cold and flu drug
well I took it one night we're in
America
boom she was like gone to the world it
was really really strong so she's taking
it and she's like boom she's like gone
to the world putting hands holding hands
holding hands as we cross the road
holding hands across the road
isn't it amazing to me now to think
about when we brought you to nourish me
for the first time and Daddy was crying
like a baby remember and now look you're
in preschool huh and it's nearly
Christmas time yeah you are a baby at
your party all right I am playing game
trying to find a parking spot in the
Morrisons at this time of the day this
is like everyone has just dropped the
kids off for school on Friday morning
okay we can starts tomorrow so they're
like hey let's let's go stock up
supplies and it's nuts everyone has the
same idea and it's crazy I was kind of
hoping I was looking for a spot because
this car has is a it's an automatic Park
yourself if the car parks itself and I
really want to try it but there's so
many people here
I'm afraid of I'm afraid to try it in
case in case I press the wrong button
and actually press they crash yourself
button or something also this is
possibly one of the most unflattering
camera angles but it's young Eric Wedge
the camera in somewhere so we can have
the chats and drive at the same time
Lance I've actually done a lap I've
actually done a lap I hate this now I'm
stuck I'm stuck in a cycle this what
happens you get stuck in the cycle okay
wedge between a zebra crossing
and at the right hand turn is it is that
I'm spending my Friday driving around a
car park
ah he what happens when I press the
brake yourself later okay doesn't gonna
press it ready he just took over it just
took over like please step out of the
vehicle human I'm not ready I already
broke out of it okay I'm actually gonna
have to give up at any minute though
because oh no not again not again not
again don't make me go around again no
no I can't get on that one because
everyone's gone there that one
I can't cute spaceman
Morgan you can't space I can't believe
you got his face I'm a big fan of early
adopting new technology but that was
that was kind of scary because the car
took over and it started driving without
me and I was like oh my goodness humans
we become an obsolete
nano cars can park themselves what
happens when the cars can actually cook
dinner for themselves that's it
screwed labs
where's mommy's car do you see mommy's
car is it here you can achieve it as a
magic no keys it did it worked I love
that okay put these here we take our bag
off and we'll jump in here Elsa glove is
still here okay do you remember your PIN
number deal yeah yeah just put in your
PIN number down come on it's your turn
to pay for lunch why it's your turn to
pay for lunch come on what is this hey
okay what did you get here you go Thanks
come on let's go
let's go oh no no no they say it's ready
to say this way I just hate to say we
have to make a deal okay we need to make
a deal so mom are you sick in bed all
day all day long
maybe for the next few days so no one's
even listen to me what could the
children just be good to their father
because it's just me and you and the
dogs oops this is not a good start this
is not a good start to the deal this is
not a good deal start what come on let's
go oh wow look at this Wow look monkey
and the monkey right this is not a good
start we're supposed to be a team okay
it's supposed to be a team teamwork okay
tea can you say tea weren't right that's
it you've lost all overall
responsibility you've lost this get down
there now go in get in there
no dog leashes I have to say mommy mommy
I'm gonna leave it here don't let it go
cold okay drink it up all day long lads
it's now vlog let's just gotta live and
porn and dance but I told her all day
long you've got the kids made today
didn't thank you you pick not an Indian
side it's cute oh yeah poor Amina are
for Ana
Oh mommy's sick no you don't care you
don't care Monster Mash so we're gonna
make bogus Oh
fools so many love these little fellas
you chopped him up probably adding all
the sauce bit of penne boom mom's not
here to tell me
you want to help daddy no thank you
you want to sit all the way up there I
don't hate him sit him back
thank you oh no thing dug into my head
mate what's it like if you're still
holes there or is this better now is my
is my daddy's hair better now yeah just
you can't just pull him up
whenever you want to okay now I want you
to take these scissors I don't want you
to run around the house no you want to
get up - oh no what have we started here
hello and welcome today we are going to
be cooking an assortment of selected
food types food type number one Eduardo
is the sous chef get out of the way I'm
trying to talk to my friends here ok now
listen to me that what's the plan this
is called dinner dine - right
you have to - to dine before the dinner
turns to wind I'm sure with that excuse
me I'm trying to present my my show hair
now where I was a so for dinner we're
having pasta just eat this no one right
Oh
kids just because you're just eating
Massa house it happens Friday night with
dad you all possible do you want to
actually simple you want to actually Joe
oh thanks
what are you what's actually even
happening here look at la why did I even
think about trying to play with the
visits of the pizza portal poor little I
don't know why did I just thought like
no maybe I won't maybe I won't maybe I
won't do pizza by Friday night yeah yeah
Oh what I'm the inventor of pizza party
Friday night
gosh like pre pfn it has the inventor of
the thing I think I'd stand only fair
that I participation who took Porter
Thank You Man says anyway
she seems a lot better I forced her to
stay in bed all day long even in summer
watching the paw patrol live would be
the paw patrol Friday night paw patrol
that's even all right here we go here we
go it develops beebeep beebeep stop
start to talk learn your few friends
hired a night
and do you make up that for one oh this
is gonna hurt you get do brusha ah I'm
okay
no first we do this to do the hand down
Mary be paid two cups as I know we're
gonna do this
eight eight four who had will do your
sighs Mellie big dish with a to come off
makeup artist punt I'm okay exactly
twenty but then I take place you cut off
you didn't make up pushed up okay
link some of this is update on your wife
get it now we are going to do this mail
is ok not to do really think that we do
come off
Russia Russia we're going to take him on
your honor
now we did this
yeah you cough up some fish the gut dish
did you record out just put some Jessa
when your pajamas is acting on your
forehead
- comes up soon
this nail cut from your hair careful of
that now being I'm very good some of it
absolutely no before we're going to do
this all right
- now this is for your whole head food -
food the colleen bitch absolutely no I
did something I feel rhythm are you
going to do let's see if there's a
handful cuz those are on your forehead
it's actually on your hair and actually
on your floor yeah no I need someone
think we hunted you the color Goswami de
Bracy oh just nip back Russia with
athlete's foot your hands for your neck
SERPs here watching my makeup to new is
just didn't it like a punch Oakland is
to describe
