my friend
you have to do it wired oh yeah we're
told some day what I'm do a little like
musical number we can all do a big like
good god guy morning friends like some
sort of four-part harmony uh-huh
so how's daddy's hair today not good
she's telling us it is lads I think it
looks way better today but it's like a
lock time that I probably got a full
night's sleep last night awesome I have
some feeling my forehead was like almost
insane sex my forehead been frozen and
look I can actually like it makes it
sort of facial movement before I do that
but you know what oh you think we should
go downstairs and have some breakfast
lights so I can leave for him you want
to read wire to a book this morning
that's very nice of you
okay wide open your chair seat there for
you right oh ah weirdo senses is a
helper so soundly mediator gesture order
this for Santa Claus huh yeah I'm going
gag what what do you want from Santa
Claus do you know okay you have to tell
me what you want from Santa Claus Katie
Pat world you want a cake with you on
cake
oh they're Lego the duplo I think at
this stage everyone in the world knows
about DUPLO
the to flow the duplo adverts let us
take it over the world direct after
sheriff yeah
welcome past one to me okay you do you
catch one forget I give him a letter
yeah and then what happens this time I
all have my present in the morning time
you come downstairs and the world
what you got reindeers let's go get some
breakfast the bus is leaving
it's the last bus for today
all aboard they weren't aboard the bus
Oh careful careful daddy bear mommy bear
faker a bear and baby bear it's a little
morning bowl situation who's been eating
out of my bowl I would say now who wants
bone and what this is bananas
yeah give me a whole collection yes my
way yeah yeah they look so cute you any
banana when I open it oh pit why you
storing your sticker you what about God
he did Peter automatic out of me all
right get the banana
hold on hello okay we are heading to
London but look I've got the old a hat
backwards I don't have to wear my
medical hi anymore progress progress
why do you ever sit in what that's what
that's the way your car is supposed to
go nice and neat
anyway this little fellas going when we
get back here old murky will be gone
murky waters and hopefully hopefully
take a picture of it for parking it's a
register all right the custom red just
take like like two weeks or something I
for them to be organized
I left your papers and them for the guy
to take them yeah here that's why no
start the car and a lotta he just itself
no I just did started it Jonathan stop
ruining every no don't once you put your
foot in when you start the car
it would have readjusted itself no it
does it did it to a certain point and
then it stopped because you changed it
what I did is out on where I got the
insurance for the two cars I made myself
a named driver in this car but I didn't
give on that insurance in my car so so
you've no permission to drive my car so
much better
don't listen to music in this car oh so
don't know whose turn that on sorry
about that
didn't let you know about the rules like
I can't get my hair okay so we are late
really yes bellows in a cooler
I still like windy all that Tom so you
know if you're okay there's summer shoes
that's all nice though they don't know
comfortable they look horrible if
anybody is thinking about fighting
Louboutins and hasn't before like me
they were my first time by yourself but
it's concerned about comfort oh dude
all you have to do think about like it's
totally worth it it's only worth a my
feet are crushed what I look like
like every step I took I was in pain and
I was like red soles and red feet yeah
alright we are finished we've had the
meetings all day long but lads this is
the last time we'll ever be in this
clean office with Joe and Caspar and the
gang over there they all came here today
this is the last time we're ever gonna
be here it's emotional is this is no
this is our second Liam office is this
your second or third one second one
third yeah yeah we first came when it
was next door and then we came here and
this is it but so in the interest of
that if you guys ever send things to our
appeal box don't send them to this
address anymore that's it
that's tan lads if you do those two will
get it everything's being forwarded to
Joey's address well yeah I got some
stuff here
okay this little book oh we got it look
at these things I came there like doggy
things the way they all have
the dog's names on them look they're so
cool all right let's get out of here
hi white oh you know what all the
Dougie's hey why no did you miss me
so we are home we are home I mean yeah
tell me now did you make a new friend
today yeah what's your new friend's name
you forgot her name
you look so grown up today I love show
me see old TV show me your outfit a nice
jumper got nice jeans that's a neutral
game a grainy Newt a neutron brain
YouTube are you pushing me don't push a
push pop push your pops oh yeah
Eduardo are you eating a nutrigrain bar
hello hey hey so we decided to get some
fish and they decided to bring some
chips they said sir
you have to have chips with your fish ah
yes you have to have chips with your
fish sir
all right you want drinkies monkeys you
I know yes yo our milky no G's or water
monkeys monkeys monkeys monkeys Gary I
could you dare what you're playing at us
huh it's a family affair did not expect
that guys
quiet quiet
in the quiet in the backyard quiet in
the street the foods about to speak
speak speak overheat Oh Oh what are we
watching here last by the way Alice it's
in sort of a wonderland immediate what
yeah
hey guys you guys want to have a back
Jay's gonna have a shower you want to
have a shower who shower I think we have
a bad guys Oh hair tonight you have to
sing the hair washing song lads in all
your life you know your trouble have you
ever seen a little lad so cute in your
life have you ever seen a lot so cute
okay don't look at her there now big big
ball of cuteness are you big pile of
cuteness oh no no no no no no no no
throw in a pair for Amelia because she's
been a lazy poopoo so I want her mommy
hmm because we want to get in the bath
but we can't get into battle Amelia gets
here because we bought up the grant at
the same time
in order we should whoa got frozen for
breakfast frozen for dinner and frozen
for tea
what ah ah do you have a dream Oh Oh
mommy push daddy no more kids I'm just
going to help you okay you did enough
actually bite me yeah no don't actually
put on that like you take things too far
sometimes actually don't punch a bite no
I'd wanna know help inferno it wired out
looking at a little munchkin air do you
like that one
daddy's getting beaten up over here
Amenia I like the Sun yeah I used to
have a receding hairline I went to
surgery and it hurt like a dime but now
wardo cheap oh yeah yeah it's my foot
guys your father's been abused hello
hello hello McFly what are you doing
look even scrolling what are you guys
doing in there let us in let us see
wouldn't even on whose channel are you
on what YouTube video see you watch
who's that I shall fear grace of course
you would find her come here to me you
girls did the rapping or something I
wear ballerina
well you want to hold it do you like
Nicki Minaj you want to hold it - okay
hold on hold on oh not before this fight
breaks up let's say goodbye to our
friends before it gets even masty here
no save my friends
anybody jeez okay alright well goodbye
friends thanks for watching today's
video
anyone want to take a bite Amelia why no
no see you tomorrow guys this is the end
of this video thank you for watching now
it's time to go leave a like and a
comment and I'll see you tomorrow
