good morning friends it is like I have
no idea what time it is I think I got
about an hour of sleep last night so
it's so difficult because I can't sleep
on this I'm here and I can't see what
this time I had but I'm like I'm I'm a
kind of a like I'm a science Reaper you
know I miss I had to lie back in then
I'm gonna show you the holes because
people even comments about a whole fear
of the circles or holes or something I
don't even know how it's a thing I am
gonna make I'm like a major that we had
a film crew in there with me yesterday
you like help me like film the whole
kind of procedure for day two and then
the dishes and had to actually load the
hairs and take the hairs that are like
the whole thing cuz I was saying to the
guys I was like you know there's a lot
of guys out there I mean scare an
afternoon and she knows so many my mates
were like on whatsapp of me like did
what was I like like is it you know I
mean they're so curious but was like
it's scary to do as a mother it's like
it's in losing hair is like insecurity
you know so I just wanted to make a
video out on a ramble on your personal -
why I'm making a main video showing the
whole thing like I might might me out I
might do one now and then another one
about like six months because it's gonna
be like a process
I play hair growing and some of its
probably gonna fall out in about six
weeks but that's the new hairs are
pushing the old Harris actor
transplanted hairs go in stimulate the
chords and the new hair comes out pushes
the old hair and so am I in a few weeks
look exactly like the was and I'll cry
for a while but then it'll start to grow
again and then it's for life but anyway
and went to sleep
it's crazy hey tell us where did a
couple of sleepless nights are totally
worth it fine by me
it's a small price to pay
good morning everybody who wants to go
people decide who wants to go for pee
pee
one two three four five dozen newbies
newbies newbies come on I know what you
want movies doesn't like to go out in
the morning time without getting a
proper cuddle and a kiss hmm
he's funny everyone else runs outside
right oh my head
the doctor said that it's like I know
you got like seven hundred dogs but dogs
love if you have like a cut or ass or
anything like that
dogs will go to town this one here
newbies she would just spend all day
long lifting my head she would love it
she'd be in heaven mmm wouldn't you give
me kiss
good morning kiss morning kisses you
make sure you get picked up and then you
put it on and she goes out for her pee
pees but she just really likes to be
picked up first thing in the morning I
feel like it's like the afternoon or
lunchtime or something at this stage if
you're squeamish look away
mm-hmm is my magical pillow and then I
get another pillow to protect the pillow
and then the pillows okay well yeah whoa
it's a mess all right wake up the
kitties okay it's school today you know
what that means it means we have to get
off a little today huh you love school
don't you all your friends know there it
is it's now officially morning time
blended it was nighttime remember it was
nighttime I was sitting here I was
talking to you for ages
I wasn't he
I wasn't listening to you you weren't
listening to me oh my gosh not sleeping
oh when I was talking to idea for a
while talk to you a listening
guess who's back in school today who
yomaira yeah yeah not the old Jemima we
haven't seen old Jim I'm in a long time
Oh Jemima was in nursery and then we
moved to preschool and we met a new
Jemima Oh Myna
was he naturally with wit card he had
with curly hair yeah and then she moved
to a school mm-hmm and then and you know
they came I think you might me just
appeared out of nowhere and last week
when we were in New York huh up she did
for an apple when we were in New York
where was Jemima Disneyland yeah and I
was you know crazy
we're all in America at the same time
and then we're all back at the same time
yeah it's so much to talk about when I
want you princesses she saw no white
she's awesome no white
yeah I could get well you did as well
you saw all the princess next year we'll
see all the princesses all over again
I think honey come and I only see her
yeah for us both of us Rick I I have to
bring her to that if I like - if you
like - yeah yeah it's why I like to come
you want to bring her home today they
did my one yeah a year one yeah you see
my brother and how can send my tips it
you blame your kitchen and play with
your brother yeah sleepyhead sleepyhead
wake up you sleepyhead get out of bed to
bump your head Eduardo Oh God
then do them why do you get new clothes
look at my hair we'd also like to say
happy do all eat our Indian friends you
see happy one
all right it's time for the school run
that's I put the hat back on because I
don't want to scare all the kids and
school
Amelia's one just do one without the
padding yeah this fella here my car is
not actually arrived yet
inside are coming today or tomorrow
because it's taking a little bit longer
cuz it's like the SVR calipers have to
be sourced and stuff like that so I
think it's coming today or tomorrow
let's go yeah do you have your bag and
then we are in strict orders we can't
mess up mommy's car is that for driving
for the bike explaining is like a little
steering real okay all aboard
I'm excited guys cause we're asking what
this is it's an Evo autobiography black
pack let's say you know it's all black
that and it's a carbon fiber pack on it
it's lower that's got the side skirts we
got the black out wheels with the red
calipers it's a 2.2 diesel car oh and it
is so nice don't even need the keys nuts
he's press this button it all just
happens give this little fella here look
at this little fella here which is
handbag huh your handbag you have to do
your messages sorry she's bringing dogs
in
the hand of Sibelius back from school
how was school today
why you gotta have popcorn daddy's
having some popcorn yeah you want some
popcorn - what's your name
okay you have to tell me something nice
you have to kiss that his head come on
kiss daddy had and you can have some
popcorn which bit you wanna kiss okay
because that bit each bit go yeah now
you got some power I do I do
which bit do you want to kiss know which
bit do you want to kiss people's popcorn
last one is a deal promise do promise oh
gee all right last one last one
oh okay last one word okay he took one
look at you muncher alright now get out
of town the kids got a little present I
got them some thing for the winter kind
of it's just an excuse but like I really
wanted them to have these
I'm so excited guys you ready for your
present and you guys what it is you know
what it is well we aren't going to find
out hey I'm gonna open it all right you
ready what do you think which one do you
think is your one yeah can you open it
yeah you open yours you ready okay oh my
goodness what is it what is it
well ease you like them do you like that
Wow
Amelia I like your wellies they look so
cute on though
and why don't you like your new boots
yeah he looks so it looks like a little
stylish farmer right I think they're bit
bit broken after their rest they're not
so but they can wear them in the garden
and when we go to the park when it gets
all muddy
Oh cute oh you sound like an hour-long
sneeze or something it was amazing
but I get it under coat or my head was
like in the right perfect angle
everything Anna held the heads together
huh
and now we're watching out what's this
Todd hey let the Elson is hand ready to
go me and me live boots I want a pair of
hunters lights what are you doing what's
this oh well is that it were No and that
will be boys tea or in a jumper chilly
mr. bear
I don't need to stay with the bear this
is woody who's that in the lin didn't
feel it though t oh okay come on woody
come on bullseye go I'm gonna need to
some food so we've come to that part of
the blog pretty kids hide in the shower
the bath is ready for them the hiding in
the shower look at them so funny oh I'm
sorry I won't turn my head around
I said back some holes this is your
funny punch what are you guys doing in
here you're just cooking what are you
cooking you're cooking fire you measure
anything these were like a charity thing
they bought them the ones wondering I
was like thinking gave 5 pounds to
charity or something it was a Pizza Hut
thing hmm why did you do any what don't
eat the measuring tape wardo it's not a
marshmallow all right
I think we should retire well I've
certainly been told all right let's go
to the back let's you will go to the
bath because you know what's happening
tomorrow a surprise it's a surprise I
can't tell you you want me to tell you
okay I'll tell you one second and first
say bye friends
Eduardo save my friends oh you see my
friends bye friends okay tomorrow we're
going to let's be honest you knew that
was about to happen myself and I are
going into London town will be near
pretty much all day tomorrow the kids
are going off I think they're gonna man
academy or meter going down somewhere
somewhere in exciting and fun for them
as always I'm hoping tonight I'll kind
of like I've tried to stay away I feel
awake since about 4:00 a.m. the night
before I haven't drank any really coffee
today I'm trying to keep myself like
super tired and here my brain works I'm
hoping I get a good night's sleep but if
I ever end up with a couple of late
night a couple of sleepless nights still
worth it friends it started anyway look
at and say that's cute look I think
that's everyone's names in that
friendliest friend group chat think it's
cool anyway thanks for watching today's
video
let's hook up tomorrow same bat-channel
same bat-time I see you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching and it likes in the
comments and the subscriptions and all
their homework but
