good morning friends
we're in hotel just woken up can you see
from behind me I'll read the other side
you see my holy head I got a holy head
he said look his holiness anyway we are
refocused me we are up and we are
chillin like villains we're gonna go get
some breakfast and then I was gonna come
me down to the clinic for day to day two
of the other side look it's kind of like
cleaned up a bit it was really hard last
night I had all these damn medical sheet
so I don't ruin the hotel bed which is
nice if everyone to do that he looks so
pretty
I am yesterday to pick the other side
done it looks so good though yeah it
looks like even though it's hard to tell
on camera like left to come to next
person can put meat over me like one at
the end point look when they shave the
head but they left these old locks it
looks really funny and it's gonna get
some breakfast huh never ever good
answers for breakfast and restaurant are
in hotel closes the kiddos know in the
nightmare I was just last night we're
like let's go downstairs for breath
let's be civilized people oh hello oh I
kind of hurt I feel like I have a
facelift there's nothing my head's
really tight so every half-hour I have
to spray this thing sodium chloride for
irrigation 0.9% yeah so we're like half
hour I got to spray this thing on my
head keep it moist half an hour every
half an hour for the rest of my life
No for five days imagine progressed your
life alright like I have to see this
room right sis where we are two five ten
area check out this that like this
little area then but look when you come
outside isn't that crazy
isn't it so cool look isn't it or
whatever one where access to some club
or something last
tomorrow upstairs should not enter kids
I think events of every minute the kids
oh my gosh special hugs the front is
raised its kind of quick the disposable
hat back in the streets of Manhattan but
Wow you know the difference that's you
know you're not my hat the buildings are
a little smaller
you're a cool thing about being here is
that we can use data roaming on the
Google Maps to find your way around
considering like data wrote that Roman
in Europe is not expensive anymore
battle roaming the States is crazy
because like next year we're gonna do a
lot more stuff in the US I'm definitely
getting a phone an American like card
and phone and so it is too crazy when
you get yourself around we're at having
Google Maps or turning on Google Maps
which I did in Times Square in a coffee
600 pounds now text mode to anyway
followed a pedestrian side all right my
little druggie is here building my
drones today guys I got volume i'll
never taking value in my life but he's
like you just like yeah just make a
couple home look at this amazing
inventions called the pill crusher from
for babies like me you can take drugs
look it's just like it basically makes a
drug smoothie not that easy when there's
so many them in there yeah it's like so
much stuff guys so you got volume then
you've got um paracetamol then you've
got anti swelling and then you've got
the what's that one called the
antibiotic because they're opening my
skin and then the volume and little
fella
it's my breakfast release my morning
routine this is my breakfast today I'm
going for the a pulled-pork again so
good okay
all the drugs have been crushed and that
my little drug smoothie who are you this
just gonna mix that around not goodbye
collides and you guys have problems
taking drugs get this pill crusher thing
it's amazing it's so cool it's changed
my life and it's going leaving me all
alone help me help me
you I'll see you later put a full head
of hair hi oh you look so pretty cool
new curtsies my god you look so cute
did you miss me not even she did she
woke up crying oh I'm up mommy
no you see her in the morning just
heading out to an appointment my new
babe I love this car is so nice to drive
like I know I was complaining yesterday
because of the dog situation or what
wasn't complaining but what I look
but if actually such a nice car to drive
so easy I just need to get used to all
the controls and like what they mean but
here's my old car oh it's gonna go back
to Ireland whoops oh hey can even get my
own door open but yes I don't know where
the winds good had to work the
windscreen wipers I kept putting on the
rear one like nothing with nothing so
embarrassing anyways okay gonna head out
kids are going to Bali and yes and I
have to go home and unpack my like 50
million things for one night of a hotel
okay so silly I need to do my Christmas
shopping oh my god it's like coming up
to Christmas soon and I need to be
organized this you're going to be so
organized guys okay so organized
that's for a brighter brain they try to
get on his brain 115 used
people going for the eyebrows up excuse
me painful when I'm taking a look at
mine not getting you are here at your
okay take a sticker can I see
onl someone and why did you get a secret
way tagging out morning Rica good girl
what about Eduardo and why did you get a
sticker oh it's gonna last that long do
you put it on your back yeah okay is it
not time to select it look at your curls
is the humidity so my hair used to do
this when I was her age or even a little
bit older my hair used to do this as
well every time it would like rain
outside my hair would go in ringlets and
obviously she's the same she's getting
the exact same yeah
that's plain crazy
yeah like I used to have little pigtails
sometimes and when it was humid outside
like the pigtails would like ring up
like this so cute
alright we are finished and we are going
home right see this over here lives this
is Wayne Rooney's top I was saying to
them that I should get the mystic Oni
Jolie calendar for this wall here
Machoke with this which they got you
just throw it out in the bin just got to
enjoy his calendar instead check this
out look oh it's so cool-looking it'll
look way better later on when it's like
all the Bloods gone I'm very excited to
go home and see my children I don't want
emulated water I don't even think they
might not even notice anything stun me
just like where have you been for the
last two days I have to be their concern
or head did I bring them presents I
should probably get some presents
alright
we are in Victoria I just went to the
loo shop and I bought the kids presents
I got Eduardo the robot robot
I got Amelia Rose in our one second
valium stuff sue-shaun why am i doing a
market correction everyone's walking
that way
and we're trying to see if I can get a
train hopefully I don't fall asleep on
the train and end up in Bournemouth or
something like that
that's my goals for today don't go to
the Train anyone spot my train up there
let me know thanks I'm making dinner I'm
making this recipe which is cracking
chicken burrito not too tricky okay I
like the easy one come on Piper here's
all my ingredients pretty much I don't
know whether to use these or not you're
not supposed to use um baby ba ba ba ba
Howie amazing shot look oMG if you could
smell it you add I just finished my
burritos which look a lot more like
enchiladas being honest but that's what
they look like they're just cooking
that's hot
Oh hot I just I just I'm heating them in
the oven so that they can last and Phil
Johnson gets home but I'm pretty proud
of myself they look quite good so I
don't know what they taste like yet but
hopefully not disgusting
um look at that sky whoo walnuts can't
wait to see my children and my wife I'll
be thinking about this for two days what
is their reaction I'm wearing a hat
right now because I can't let it get wet
or really have it in the air you're why
do babies hello boys my hat like that
is it a funny hat Oh sis did you miss me
they actively laughing won't you miss me
oh thank you daddy got his hair cut you
want to see maybe you think yeah yeah
what his sons all like bloody and stuff
yeah so excited yeah now who's kill this
one still are like bloody and stuff so I
kind of like I have a pancake on my head
it's kind of hard to see it may be but
yeah becoming a couple of days now it's
over to me would you make Fritos
probably don't look like burritos but
that's what they're meant to be some
looks good
thank you that's what I need now do you
want to you want to cook Betty yeah no
is that his head scary scary
why can you seem scary he's so good at
words these days all right we do wire
those first
all right wire no what you get what you
get
what is it what is it
roll got what's in your one let's have a
look Oh flour bath bomb it's like a
soccer it is we got it so we never vlog
oh oh oh the road that's been damaged
it's alright he's still row Gotti okay
we never vlogs the road got last time my
even in focus we're all got we didn't
vlog it awesome this robot is insane you
drop it into the bat and a whole bag
explodes so next time we do that a
little trying bugger to you guys but
it's difficult because the kids are Niki
in the back but we'll try and see be
here for you are you ready to have a bot
yeah Wyatt are you ready to have a bat
yeah yeah will I take your brother to
have a bath would you like a cupcake
would you like a cupcake yes I game are
you gonna be a song maker up or like
your dad heya wardo I like your hair
line twice oh it hurts
I can't frown two guys that I can't Fran
I can't smile I can't laugh don't be
scared be scared I'll kiss it kiss
daddy's head kiss daddy's head yes I
when I put the old hair back on okay go
upstairs and get the tweezers we got to
took all these hairs every one what no
yeah we're taking yeah can I flick your
hair there
hi wide voltage no no no no no I was on
strict Lords to stay away from Eduardo
the head slapper huh we go have a bad
lads ah look at you guys I love that our
kids love each other I feel like I feel
like we've done something right as
parents how much they love each other
Hey do you love your sister boop boop
what's that I Oh careful careful I knows
now all your friends want to see this
they gave our last thing we forgot all
right join in whoa it's hiding where is
it oh whoa you can hear it you hear it
dear popping is that cool thank you is
that cool yeah katal do you want to tell
Warren oh look you got a pink bath
Amelia Wow all right let's say my
friends say my friends say my friends
say bye friends together ready one two
three
bye friends why do you have to say it
together
one two three bye friends oh you guys
are the best
see you tomorrow and so we reached the
end of today's video episode and check
out this end slate design this is group
I noticed it on Twitter called
friendliest friend group chat
and it's just blowing up like everyone's
like using a hashtag and talking to each
other that's really cool that a
community is forming you guys are like
meeting each other making friends cuz
you have something in common which is
watching my videos that's pretty epic
anyway I'm so could jump 'old because I
did not sleep at all last night because
I can only sleep I sleep on my side
anyway doesn't really matter I'm very
excited about the prospects of the
future for this hair thing that I've
done yeah I think it's pretty cool
anyway like the video favorites and
comments and subscriptions and
handshakes and and custard pies for
everybody fish fingers and custard right
