ah
how I wonder what - ah we can do you
want a name good morning friends and
musical hoping for the vlogs
today for today
yay caters this Akitas idea teaching
tomorrow either
it's just a little boy that lives in the
rain one of your songs do you know I
love Christmas show
at last pack a big skull jingle bells
Batman smells Robin laid an egg
Batmobile are still reeling the Joker
run away Oh smells good morning boo-boos
we are still living American timezone
tomorrow is all back to normal and
school and everything so so I guess
first apartheid hobos you guys are so
cute my rings hi right you got there I
know hair brushes
they're for your face this one has to be
a hairbrush come here not two brushes
either two hearings is he barking trolls
out here barking away like it's their
job huh Hey
Barker's Barker's the fireworks from
last night
so we'll try and figure out what to do
but Monday and Tuesday this week because
I'm gonna be at that clinic my goodness
so I'm just trying to figure out but the
videos and I think I'm gonna stay in a
hotel
I'm one of the nights I think it'll be a
lot easier just because I gotta be in
there each morning at like 8 a.m. so if
your whole lot easier just to stay in a
hotel
in central come on it seems you guys
know your hair situation sorted it
should be interesting gonna try blogs as
much as I can of it hopefully I don't
have to take my head off or do brain
surgery anything complicated like that
shouldn't be a and you know I actually
I've never done it before so I don't
really know anything about it other than
like I did the consultation and I saw I
met a guy who is getting it done and he
was like fully awakened Chataway to me
like yeah man this is cool like and I
was like whoa hosers so I look forward
to that this week
oh I'm blurry what would you blow me
like that huh
what you play nice what would you blow
me like that Cena may I go right I see
you here
Who am I looking for I got to know any
one more one more dog he's on hey there
we go all in got a full house follows
what's going on what's going on in here
nice hat
yeah okay man - Amelia crying huh is
this really sad yeah look wait this is a
bit heavy for a keystroke wait Amelia
stitches back
stitches back few who makes lilo and
Stitch come down with the old Stormin
Hinds there for a second huh
I was like brave whoa make him run into
kitchenette same ha ganna just like she
was so upset
it's okay look was that scary was it sad
yeah it's amazing to see her like
express emotion like to feel sorry
inside by a TV show we're baking banana
bread hey guys
we don't have an egg that we need we
need two eggs we've got one it could go
horribly wrong
all right we've got one egg or we put in
an extra mashed banana so hopefully it
won't beat you bad oh so wet and muddy
and leafy leaf now sleeps alone but
let's go come on let's go let's go
whose idea was it to have six dogs in
the first place that's my question here
today nuts
hey let's go oh yeah
yeah I made a bit of a boo-boo well it
wasn't really a boo-boo
per se right so before we M went off to
New York I was going to shut down the
calendar shop right then I totally
forgot because I'm not very good shop
keeper and I went to New York and I
didn't think anything of it and then
when we were at the meeting Creed at
streamcon Losey loads of people came up
with the counters and I was like this is
insane that these calendars that we were
like remember that day we went now to
wherever it was it was ages that way and
we were packing the calendars I was like
oh my this is amazing that people
actually have to come to the other side
of the world and then I thought oh wait
did I shoot the shop down so I sent an
email to the guy who kind of runs a shop
and then then I forgot about it again
and I just I was looking there read my
emails and not and so here's my
predicament I was supposed learn who
that was but someone else walked out I
was gonna shut it down before we went to
New York but since analyze like over
over 100 calendars a day were ordered
over the last week like I'm like I can't
shut that down because I'm like I want
everyone to have one that really wants
one but I'm not a shopkeeper so I need
to I need to define what stuff I need to
at some point shut the shop down but
then I'm torn because I'm like how do
you want everyone wants for him to have
one so let's take like this week right
leaving one account or right just just
do it get it out of the way get it going
because I need to like closest and and
them to printer guys to order guys who
are making the calendars need to know in
advance they need to either stop
production stuff like that so I've
ordered another like I think it was like
2000 or so calendars right just to make
sure there's enough for everybody but
when they're gone that's it they're gone
they're really gone this time because
otherwise no one I can't tell them all
around you and I want you guys to have
them for Christmas so we're coming up to
the time when you won't be able to have
them for Christmas so I really want to
have for Christmas so if you really want
it
don't try getting it next week I'm
serious this time I'm serious this time
I just got there's another one there's
another one I like thank you so much for
for ordering calendars and supporting us
it means so much to me I couldn't even
do these YouTube videos I couldn't I
spend every day anyway like you guys are
everything everything to me okay don't
ever don't ever doubt that you know even
your little mischievous monkeys in there
you know to me and it all means so much
to me no and these calendars already
cool they're just a unique thing
somebody just about five calendars who
buys five count so it's just thank you
so much but if you want like I really
want you to have them do you want to
have more we're taking to get more air
so I know any disappointment and I know
when I when I shut the shop people
that's who you mean but I really want
like a gym do you mean so much warning
okay let me see your cupcake is it a
birthday cupcake it's got a candle on it
is it a special what that's why I don't
have one too yeah a big cupcake show me
whoa it's my birthday
thank you so much thank you very much
are you gonna cut me a slice like the
baby quietly later back she didn't like
the straps oh she went for them off
what's your baby's name it might be
silly whether it might be Cinderella
would you like a real baby yeah you look
like after you aren't with the makeup on
oh did you oh it looks good and it's
cooking some tuna pasta um cook some
banana bread look at you Betty homemaker
I cook this sauce from scratch scratch
Rooney's dad's no more I watched this
egg movie on the plane a documentary
called sugar I think it was all of that
processed food and then with sugar and
stuff in them so we're trying to make a
better effort I kind of like I never
know if I like I like eating good food
yeah it's much better seriously probably
okay yeah well maybe if you do it's like
like you hit cooking I do enjoy it
though but then it's like I hate meal
planning and all that yeah
I enjoy cooking by just the prep working
it yeah that stuff like any you're gonna
have time with the kiddos and work and
stuff I appreciate that you're making
time WrestleMania 17 from the top rope
all right it is bath time it's time when
we go to the back now everyone here down
now guys when you go to bed tonight I'm
not gonna see you guys till Wednesday
you know that okay watch your partner's
little undies okay you guys just hang in
the shower there but I'm not gonna see
you guys till Wednesday
or maybe cheese it depends what time I
get home at here but it might be too
late so I might actually see it on
Wednesday so I'm gonna miss you I miss
you very much why don't you say it
friends it's so emotional and difficult
to say goodbye to those chosen sometimes
because they don't care and they don't
know well did you care but they don't
know that you're like not going to be
there tomorrow or the next day but
hopefully I will be back early on
Tuesday before bath time but I don't
really know like I'm really excited
about having 21 year old Jonathan's
hairline back again but say no I'm kind
of nervous obviously you know I mean two
days and needles and stuff ramen I've
never done I don't even know what
happened but hopefully I can plug loads
of it so if any other men out there are
feelings where I felt to know that there
is it is possible there is a solution
out there I will be the guinea pig
for you anyway don't forget about
calendars the link is down below sakuni
jewellery shop calm look at all those
happy calendar owners there you go to
the best alright I'm getting at here
I'll see you guys tomorrow thanks for
watching goodbye
I want like in comment and favorite and
smile
