lastly they are the ones we liked we let
students ugly people now we're going to
make something tasty yes do you guys
need help are we gonna make something
tasty today guys right out which would
you like to add chocolate to you've got
frosties we've got cornflakes and we
have Rice Krispies I don't know why the
kids don't realize that crust these
aren't good by the way
they won't eat frosty they just think oh
oh oh soon as everyone just make it rest
crispy cakes okay gather up all the rice
krispies we don't even have frosting
Frosty's can you guys open these boxes
for me and take out the plastic inside
I'm gonna give us a bowl we're gonna
take big bowl like this and we're gonna
dump in all the rice krispies look look
so guys tell us oh you can see already
master that's like 2017 menu Amenia Joey
here it's gonna be next year 2018 the
2018 school you know at last within it
everyone eat together okay you're more
than this hoping more than this you know
mauling the food no no no leave in the
comments have you ever made a recipe
alright say step one is complete we have
taken all of the rice krispies out and
we putting them in our little rice
krispies bowl now we've gotten some
we're going to use two bars which is a
hundred grams each or 200 grams of green
and black organic chocolate so we're
gonna get a bowl then we're going to
melt down we need to break this up now
comes in lots of little pieces so
I'd like to break it into one you can
just break it and drop it in okay break
it
drop it minute break and drop it in
break your dropper in pencil drop it in
Bakke drop the damn thing keep driving
drop it in place keep dropping it I
didn't get the signal to song break it
drop it in wow that was quick guys
alright on to the second one
alright we now have this giant bowl of
chocolate and just giant bowl of rice
krispies guys do you have any idea how
we take these two things and you turn
them into rice krispies cakes
did you hope they do tell us I mean yes
that thing must be mustered up did they
melt the chocolate first
so we melt the chocolate and then we
pour the chocolate into the rice
krispies stir it around we can write
anything you want you want to add a
brioche you want me to put a brief so
here second you want me to take a
brioche get all the chocolate chips out
of that brioche and then put the
chocolate chips into here basically
putting the chocolate into the rice
krispies chocolate it's a fat Chuck okay
so Gerardo inside chocolate to do
chocolate
we are melting the chocolate and it's
gonna use your microwave but then I
think the microwave burns chocolate run
in the Sun sure so I'm mounting it when
I think it's just water which is you see
I've perfectly lined the water on the
top guys excited excited oh I can see it
melting already
how exciting guys careful okay
yeah what it is your tooth is growing
your new one and don't stop losing teeth
with you every time I look at you you've
lost another tooth you got a little
smaller oh look this guy this guy oh did
it drop let's check oh boy guys this is
melting nicely Charlie is a little boy
who wouldn't golden ticket and he
behaved himself and he inherited a
chocolate factory oh Willy Wonka well
boy that normal boy
okay so I'm not sure what happened that
we seem to have lost this one that one
seems to be dead that one seems to be
dead but this one is he's working so
let's go ahead with this one
I don't know what happened right out you
can see it is almost perfectly done
though guys oh maybe it's something to
do the water spilling out onto the hop
thing do you think that has an issue or
maybe and then way up in a fryer oh then
that might have been like electricity of
all of them just turned off and that
when they put it back on it it wouldn't
the rest for them as you can see we've
come up with a lot of different theories
as to why the gas cut out there but it's
milky so we don't have to really worry
about that right now
alright we are back and then you have
some melted chocolate which is very very
hot guys to be very careful so take a
spoon please now who knows we're about
to do guys okay who knows why we're
going to make this Oh any different the
first and we're gonna mix it you know we
can maybe can see between daddies and
chefs and then at the end you can maybe
say whose is better daddies or chefs
oh boy I know nothing it's not a toy
this dish chefs the lumpy
yeah good where's my two mixers get
mixing come on come on mix mix mix mix
mix don't get the rice krispy - do you
make these mixes well we're down to rice
crispies come on guys we put a chocolate
melts need help all right it's good be
fast right now always ask for help guys
I'm not I'm not eating it did you just
give me a moment please you guys busy
eating the chocolate so guys we have
another important task which cupcake
wrappers should we use so as you guys
must you guys know and it's a big fan of
the baking so we actually no no no yeah
because you've eaten all the chocolate
it doesn't work like that now we need to
go and pick some nice cases that we want
to use guys if these ones you are these
blue ones there are no can you confirm
yes okay so many of these cupcake cases
suppose they're like cupcakes for we're
basically making cupcakes okay with all
these ones back then
what now the important thing to remember
when making rice krispies cake Familia
is watch we
remember to measure no they go hard very
very fast so we're gonna get some of
these little cakes okay and I want it's
me yeah but what I want you to do is I
want you to put a few of them in here
like this in front of me so then we can
house them here okay so we've made all
of our cases out here now and we're
gonna need to then add our rice krispies
cakes to these do you know I have to do
this part guys please take a spoon
daddy's gonna have a spoon Aalto because
time is of the essence can we take some
of them and we just plop them in here so
the cakes have been made oh look at
these cakes guys and I believe it some
little boys and girls may have already
had some did you like it yeah did it
taste crunchy and chocolatey question
was it better than chefs
I hope you enjoyed our bit of a baking
video today friends we just saw a would
be something different
realistically after Christmas before New
Year's that we're time in between you
know what are you doing much you don't
leave the house that much or you just
like visit a few stuff and it's not very
exciting so we always do this today as a
fun video for you guys hope you enjoyed
it even though mr. chef apparently is
better than me thanks for watching video
friends hit the like button leave a
comment the bell or something and I will
see you guys back in a new Jesus s the
people but it in to see you tomorrow
thanks boys
