morning friends
that's me that's what I sound like
last night when mommy and daddy were
coming on they stopped by to visit the
store and they'd pick me up this is my
friend Eduardo hey weirdo are we best
friends there's a better horse eat me
horsey because we all figure the water
likes the horsies good morning friends
good morning friends
so under way home last night we swung by
Times Square and we picked up Eduardo a
horsey and a little woody and we got
Amelia some cups and tea sets and stuff
like that just cuz it wasn't because I
mean it got all the American doll stuff
yesterday and ordering anything and the
poor little fella gremlin or laugh Cup
as well poor little fellow at stake as
well so we felt sorry for plus we missed
them we always miss them good morning
Amelia
oh my goodness now he's armed
okay don't be going stopping people with
your little Olaf for you got your
medicine new medicine your medicine
yummy to bite your hand previously on
The Walking Dead
oh no who's like TV series of my mistake
so we brought him and he's watching The
Walking Dead with us he was just like
acting oh yeah no sleep
so we decided retired now and we were
watching Walking Dead I think the woody
was a good purchase I was a big fan of
woody because recently he's been saying
would be a lot the horse he was cuz I
think he likes horses
mommies mommy's busy for the moment I
can take it but he's gotta go make
something for his friends
so Francesca's here hiding behind lash
playing games
oh stop I'm so cute for ages oh and
another one you're hiding you right in
the horse do what are you coming to the
linden linden and then Linda let it end
in Midland
you want to bring that horse to Central
Park we're in Central Park lads separate
us we're meeting em here in 10 minutes
arity pointing least take the leaves
pick the leaves so we're gonna try and
find star books which i think is that
here I get some coffee into our system
cuz you got no properties we're in
Central Park lights
hey wanders the friends Central Park
Cafe real Tesco what we in your dashing
my dreams and the dreams of all my
viewers you just come in here with your
ideas and crush everyone's dreams google
it but it'll cost me 100 pounds I'm
excited Central Park is this funny media
police are so soft
yeah they're like different - like you
Kaylee's who we found
I know we've had nothing but it's not
cool it's not like the movies isn't it
that sort of reminds me of like when you
think of like in New York movie or
something like that there's no what you
kind of think of sorry do i confuse you
know it's so cool look at the
architecture like design that
everything's so unique and like isn't it
this is so cool why is no one agreeing
with me here
leave me hang it oh yes I'm talking to
you they don't talk back okay they talk
back like 24 hours later they kind of
leave me hanging for a while there are
you expecting
hi
like I actually ended singing that song
all day long this cooler Eduardo is
awake she is much better he's back to
himself
yeah like this song
hi Amelia hey don't put that in there
you want to get in you want to get out
no we're gonna go for a while just for a
little bit
she's so funny like a cutie do you know
how cute you are
look
princess
you see the princess
pretty princess
what you want to stay alone well we'll
say hello to her later she's really busy
now because she's got really important
princess duties to do okay but we'll
find her later on okay okay it's nice
here it's cool and what are you going
you meanie at Thomas II not looking New
York squirrel
oh geez I don't know it's good idea I
don't fight I don't know it seems okay
okay don't get too close okay cool hold
the phone okay we're getting very close
to the squirrel hold on hold on stay
here with Daddy okay you want to hold
him in your hands I don't know if we can
hold the squirrely in our hand hmm he's
busy he's too busy yeah we got a
playground
yeah cutie man
so kids Gerardo was locked in to the
play core you want the play card scary
huh swing your legs Emilia ready more
higher you're gonna do it more higher
for Jessica don't be scared
she's durable she bounces how much
faster do you want it you want it faster
you run it faster gonna go faster me now
let it go the guy's an Apple store in
New York I don't know this is like a Big
Apple store or this is dabble sorry wait
hold on a second
for Jessica hold on I bet they have free
Wi-Fi
Oh hold on I'm gonna go in and post I'm
gonna go inside and post the Instagram
page
no it was a joke
gotcha ha ha that was a good one okay
who would do something crazy like that
once upon a
mimmo all right we are done and this is
the best restaurant what is this even
called somewhere 909 sixty seven tree
dies restaurant in 960 something but her
place is like a gem taxi let's get back
we did it well you have to touch the
door Oh G green key
do you have a key we're going to win
we're going to win the race so heading
into the lobby kiss earlier on delivery
of something but we left it downstairs
in the lobby didn't we huh you press the
button so we're gonna get answers now
collective for mommy what's all this
stuff huh is that a spoon spoon hey guys
so as you know or may know the fourth of
November is the day after my birthday
obviously and it's also a special day
because it's my dad's birthday he's no
longer alive but I still feel like I
miss him more on this day than I do any
other day including his anniversary
because people used to always joke that
I was his birthday present
because I was born like the day before
his birthday and then I felt like we
kind of shared a birthday and then what
we also shared was our star sign so if
you have been watching the vlogs for a
while you know that I wear this
Scorpio necklace which he didn't
actually give to me I kind of stole it
from him I still I didn't steal it but
like I kind of inherited it in a way
after he died he used to wear a lot more
when he was younger he didn't wear I
don't remember him wearing it when I was
like a life but my brother's I think
remember him wearing it so anyway it's
kind of one of those things like we
weren't he wasn't really into star signs
or like the signs of the zodiac or
anything I thought but it was just one
of those things that like linked the two
of us and he was probably either he
bought this or it was bought for him by
somebody else like probably his mom I'm
not 100% sure back in like Italy in like
the 19 he was born in 1938 so it's
probably like 1940s 1950s maybe I'm not
really sure so I have no way of like I
have never had any way of telling you
guys where you can get this or where
it's from because it doesn't exist
anymore this is pretty much it but I
love this necklace I get so many
questions about it and I'm so happy and
excited especially on the day that it is
today
to be able to tell you guys that the big
secret that I've been keeping from you
for so long is that I am coming out with
a jewelry line and it is based off of
this necklace so very very soon like
very soon not today but very soon you
will be able to get your own starsign
necklace that looks exactly like this if
you're a Scorpio or if you're a
different star sign I've teamed up with
a designer and I've designed pieces that
I think you guys will love and I've put
my heart and soul into like every single
one of the signs because I wanted each
of them to be special
so sometime this month you will be able
to get one of your own and I hope that
you guys like the line I'm so excited
about it like I said and I can't wait
for you to wear it and I'm just so happy
and grateful to be able to announce it
on my dad's birthday it just means a lot
maybe pop so we're just gonna have for a
little bit of dinner okay and look
around as ordered you need the price you
need these controls and thus concludes
our first adventure in the limo it was
cool it was so good that's my new way to
travel now all the time it was okay so
you come to this place called eat le
which we really wanted to check out this
is kind of like a burkay for Ana because
yesterday we do messed up here we come
and everyone always goes Italy so this
is Italy - guys check this out another
from Sorrento I'm getting it my
mozzarella Buffalo so bad oh ok we had a
dinner and now we're having dessert and
check out these monstrosity oh we got
pancakes where we were excited about our
hanger we felt like we won and now we're
disappointed and we're in some sort of a
Nutella he's gonna tell everything here
we always taste like I mean do it do it
for the team
is it epic and let's show it so it turns
out we've opted to actually walk home so
check this out look it's the Empire
State Building I don't want the news in
the Empire State Building you've seen it
now we decided to walk home it's so
cool-looking it does not do any
justification on the video there's some
bikes oh my god I was walking so all
right I can the hotel the kids are
asleep but I was such a really nice
evening that food and that eating place
is incredible guys it takes exactly like
the food in Italy and you know I'm a fan
of the old mozzarella buffalo mozzarella
crazy that was such a cool night they're
like hanging our friends in New York and
then we walked like all the way to
Manhattan all the way back to the hotel
which is about like 40 minutes it's just
cool I just really like New York I
totally do like I could totally see
myself living here if I if I had to if I
had to add a push you never know you
never know that's crazier things have
happened anyway hope you enjoyed video
give it a like a comment and a
subscription and I'll see you friends
tomorrow goodbye
