alright we're about to be
now everyone's in the car fire less than
times where so we are no longer in Times
Square because we spent all our time in
Times Square
we're here now somewhere near the Empire
State Building this is the room that we
got it's nice it's spacious so this is
the bad I think this just pulls a dress
oh my gosh I mean yeah okay well no no
it's okay we're all gonna go to sleep
when it's gone shot room what are you
going to go to our room that's our room
now hey don't show your yo-yo I mean
it's gonna hide in us we'll never be
able to find this the light turned off
the light switched off then e1 or Amelia
is cool did anyone know where Amelia is
we're towards the media the media
there she is found you you have a try
wardo it's kind of scary because the
lights gonna turn off okay close the
door okay get me out of here okay
Eduardo I think has like a temperature
and a cold or flu or something
it's all I'm trying to get outside and
see if we can find a pharmacy
the intention is hotel like it's crazy
right we're trying to find a pharmacy
see if we can pick some non plus I'll
sauna it's down feeling cold and easy as
well
that's the hardest part with your neck
all right I get different confidence you
don't know names of everything
take advantage of the left lane rate
we're gonna try Blaine read I think we
ever had a between all right here we go
I think this is cow ball in America
American cap off yeah yeah okay
Tunnel dog infants okay we are stocked
up when I hear her can drugs now we're
like now alright this is kind of fun
actually look at all the different stuff
okay actually have birds bees in America
I didn't know
Cena's birthday today
I haven't seen this birthday today just
so cute
right
oh that's cool you wanna get some like
some fun yeah I think so we're gonna
hide in like this is like the time we
got sushi in the department store we're
like hi this is cool and then tomorrow
we're in the comments like guys calm
down calm down you've just been like
whatever this name of this place is
ordered a hostess
oh my goodness I could go look how much
frosting is one their doughnuts
doughnuts
we get a doughnut just for testing
purposes they look really bad they do
look really bad for you I should totally
did this not testing video and bylaws
they were snack to see you never staying
here for like a week this is like dander
oh no we're staying
yeah okay need to find a basket let's
all right we may have went a bit crazy
with everything yeah we went a bit
overboard
oh we got we lost the run of ourselves I
got too excited minor stuff and I was
like this is all the stuff that all the
American Beauty girls have their videos
yeah
so cool
anyway let's hope Eduardo he's gonna
feel better he's fast asleep we just
might actually fast asleep
we were supposed to go ahead meet and
it's mom and sisters Noah but we cancel
that but I think it's better if he just
stays asleep
poor little fella poor little fella but
Amelia's in good spirits and it's coming
down a little bit of something American
drugs
drugs let's go back to our hotel we're
back and we found the cure lights turned
out all they needed was a big packet of
fish food or fishies or what are those
things called I mean you goldfish no
fish you feel a better world Oh give me
some goldfish go fish
brainy's am king find buyers King kinder
a nose look at our little drug
selections we're like a pharmacy they
don't needs us coming to our room but
yet the pharmacy set up we ran into this
hotel is not slides doesn't it look
crazy but it's like it doesn't it feel
like it's the night in 1940's or
something you know it reminds me of like
American Horror Story or something yeah
a hotel they're using now and we're back
in London you would appear we're back in
London lies Hooper London in the middle
of New York
he's a surrender boxes like Waze a red
box here yeah we're having one during
New York I like wandering around New
York
like building hopeless crazy and in the
middle of it this is like church over
here she's like so torched by these
massive skyscrapers no this is so cool
you guys ready for food huh so as you
guys know we moved away from Times
Square so near to Central Park and we're
tonight we're gonna get some food in
Times Square we've come back to Times
Square
whose idea was it to go to Olive Garden
her idea
we asked should we go to Olive Garden
yes to do it so you come back to Times
Square where we swore we would never
come with a double stroller again I know
it was so crazy Halloween night and we
sane but here we go we are going out to
all of the garden are you ready for this
Amelia are you ready for your first time
here we go Olive Garden lads we're doing
it can you say Olive Garden right away
you can you say Olive Garden
you know we're gonna do some coloring in
guys Cal ready go nose around all right
that's what should we get media whose
birthday is it tomorrow no no Cena's
birthday is today have you got something
planned for me from her birthday what do
you do enjoy your Olive Garden
experience
Edoardo enjoy your a what
I think it was
all right we are out of the garden what
do we think brilliant yeah loved it
loved every minute of it
me love every minute of it every calorie
of it where it can become a word every
gallery what did the American dolls do
you remember we saw the American doll in
America last time you remember did you
remember which doll you got did you get
the one that looks like mommy
you remember you want this one you look
into a little rocky and another little
doggie
hmm well maybe not now goes asleep maybe
not now but later on maybe tomorrow no
not tomorrow for this mommy's birthday
for maybe the day after we'll come here
okay is it a deal right now I don't know
we have to do some free organizing for
mommy's birthday purse all right not
sure how this happened we're now inside
sac this could be a really really bad
idea huh I did some free birthday
smoothing having a look at some options
mm-hmm face yourself regular look at me
it's Christmas in here isn't it
it's like bran Thomas finet oh no this
might be dangerous this might be a bad
idea all right get out you're barred
from here
we're barred from this place tomorrow
better seat I'm gonna sleepless nights
now things have been earmarked yeah oh
my good and why did we go and stay here
why is this place
it was already caz idea what it was the
plan all right
Wow I Love New York at night it's so
cool-looking right anyway that's a boy
missing that building all right let's
say no I know all weeds go ice-skating
over there let's go back to the hotel I
mean is driving put your hands at a big
nother one biggest tire two kids
oh good boy Pascal oh good boy Gaskell
this place is like a maze did he sit on
the chair will wait for it oh well read
some books over here mm-hmm
interesting selection all right we are
back in the hotel the kids have had
their back we're watching some Yi to
share like this but it is time for
bedtime a mini huh all right let's go Oh
hold on before I go can I show our
friends to view oh okay you want to stay
there for one second stay here for one
second are you guys need
see this view from here check this out
it's not so cool looking
it's so cool that's crazy isn't it she
looks looks like Christmas that just
makes me think of Christmas Empire State
building's around here somewhere
oh wait is that it there right now
neurotic that's it right there actually
and Rockefellers are and either side
crazy City
Oh crazy City which a pity chop shops
chip it in chip chumps chip in Egypt
chumps let's go chip in Egypt chops pick
your pony up take your Pony with you and
your doggy friend let's go check out I
mean it what do mean it we got you a
big-girl bed you wanna see oh watch
women here is ridiculous look at these
guys Amelia
Oh bitch we've come to a point where
there's no point in getting Amelia Dwyer
like T little baby pigs anymore
we gotta get a crib and a bed I don't
know babies growing up and our Olaf look
at your collection of Olaf's you want to
open this no we'd open this when we get
home though cuz we can make it yes yeah
he's definitely nice thankfully though
what Scott was a little bit later on
today was concerned did you get into bed
you a Park Avenue princess hmm and don't
forget what do you say to mommy you
tomorrow morning
mommy is happy birthday tomorrow in the
morning time yeah about your ridiculous
is me all right let's go
why no say bye friends my friend media
save my friends oh yes tea tired save my
friends hmm you watch all your toys okay
my friends I'll see you tomorrow give
you a quick little view before we go
No the blank is being pulled and now
sadly we have come to the end of this
episode friends but I leave you with a
quest a quest can you find the Saucony
Jolie's amongst the millions and
billions of people in there I'm telling
you these guys you guys are beasts in
there with the M and slating me bobbins
these days they're so good
oh you guys are like my best friends
you're so cool thank you for watching
the video and thank you for liking the
video and leaving a nice comment and
making amazing Enzi's and just being a
cool friend that's what you are you're
like my cool friend yeah anyway see you
guys tomorrow goodbye I miss you in the
videos and you know that
