good morning friends welcome back to New
York how cool is this view like it's so
cool and there's so many like flying
things like helicopters and like
airplanes with like signs hanging off
them I don't know what they're called
but you know when they have like a sign
that's like billowing behind it's really
good okay it's so cool like you just
don't get that where where we live
so um exciting news I went to the Mac
shop in Times Square which was possibly
one of the most stressful events of my
entire life
but I found this lip liner which I've
been looking for for ages and it was
sold out for such a long time because of
course Kylie Jenner like mentioned it
and that made it sold out everywhere hi
but it's sore by Mac and it it's it was
worth the wait and then I got my
favorite lipstick which I had to read up
because I have like five of these and
they're all empty
what's a cool thing happened he was in
there I forgot to tell you yeah hear
that side it was so hectic but the
coolest thing ever this won't because
some people but to me it was so when
you're going to Mac you see like a
million lipsticks and like you could
have like 20 nudes you know like 20 nude
shades I was looking for one honey love
and it's like my all-time favorite so it
go in I was like oh my god how am I
gonna know which is that I was like I
think it looks like that one pick it up
it was honey love I got it right on the
first one so I was like whoa I am really
good I felt so impressed for myself
then I went over to the lip liner so I
was like I really want to get a sore eye
there's like a again like 20 nudes i
picked this one up i read it Saur I'm
like a pro like I'm a professional okay
step aside other makeup artists I'm like
the real deal okay I can actually see
which one it is just by looking at the
shade it's a talent we add ourselves a
bad picnic this morning we have a bet
picnic that vine we watch some cartoons
and we watch some TV show a bit of
superhero
ninja or something Casey undercover with
Casey undercover Casey what's your plans
for today Amelia the media's gonna hang
out with Francesco and Stefan all
Mariana and oh my and Erica and Emma and
was Matthew and Sofia we're gonna go
meet our friends from New York my cream
contour meet-and-greet today excited to
meet all our friends in New York no we
did a panel yesterday Q&A panel how cool
was that intro it was fun hmm all right
although I got there parked it again you
should do so much the yogurt thing and
this thing what I was so good at that
that's my best palace if someone was
like hey here's something jata what are
you doing tell the guards to open up I'm
getting one
you say hi to the New Yorkers yeah are
you eating people New Yorkers good far
down it goes guys Wow Isabeau chair this
is a goat oh we're on a boat
crocodiles alright we've got the hotel
run away the stream time for a meet-up
we're gonna get a quick cupcake they
look like they're double the size you
should do an American cupcake baking
video I mean just like the whole recipe
makes one giant cupcake look at these
things
they're so big
oh we got from Jessica so the New York
planet my earth and is on today so it's
gonna be very difficult to get around
we're thinking of gopher run you know
feel quick 20 miles before a meet up
fighting you trying to find our uber car
well we found our friend Jess yeah
our taxi driver just tried to give us a
spider and he ate it
no need to spider okay it's a very nice
oh my goodness really meet up look she
has a teacher I have never seen a great
great I like it in ground I might get it
in gray actually
so we met a friend he's quite helpful
with the chick Amy
well how do you say that say it but it's
a New York restaurant dining guide it's
so cool
so it's Olive Garden he reads the life
of New York don't want to get in the
blog at the end you've got she's like
maybe my way to the end
that's not her mom yeah my friends last
person did it didn't you achieve the
friends no one else no one else you're
the most important we have to go through
everyone else just to meet you this is
your moment friend there's something
really important and amazing guys are
amazing people they sneakily work first
they came first and you went all to come
last again it's a group of ivy
Jesse stealin Joe's book y'all what's up
yeah we got C and alphas book I bought
it powerful would you think it Adam but
I'm gonna read it he's gonna give me the
money now this is fun I want to try this
was the first one
here's to this feels like a book that
would be an urban outfitters you have to
eat the pages down what really yeah yeah
this is my new best friend
his name is Jeff gyp you were my best
friend come here I know
he's looking at the treats as he's
eyeing up look guys it's a naked cowboy
New York guy I was looking for him I
found him I'd have a good naked cowboy
so we are finished in streamcon we can
rip these up now
and now we're back to the hotel hotel
motel and then we're going to sleep for
seven years
we just had a big lousy jacuzzi and
we're just taking out all the toys and
the kids are gonna come after the room
in a few minutes so we're just we're
gonna take all the toys and stuff do you
guys care I'm gonna lay it out on the
bed I was like it surprise for them when
they come and it's gonna be so cool
because we have like two rooms this room
and then I think they're like three
fours up or treat for us down I can't
remember they're not so but they sleep
in our room
first of all awesome okay I already
drank the lemon one and I didn't realize
you actually gave me three of them so
awesome some tacos and all stuff here
but are you ready for these guys are
these for me what check this out oh my
goodness is more like look any minute on
us there's so many little Oh laughs in
there so we kind of made it Amelia's
pile and Eduardo's pile they came in
that is like epic imagining that is so
cool put the bikes here for like
decoration that looks so cool we're
gonna plop the two of them under bed oh
this is so cool I cannot wait to see her
little face
a Brooklyn t-shirt so cute and now
everybody ready oh my goodness what did
you get what did you get
no not these books right out now first
thing you have to say is thank you
everybody say thank you say thank you to
your friends in the camera
why no that's not your play this is your
wild look at you man - look even overlap
you love it in the air
look at area named Elsa show Francesca
Wow my goodness I mean look at me let it
go all right we are back out on the food
game lives but I asked on Twitter where
do you guys think we should go for food
near Times Square everyone was telling
me about this restaurant where people
singing - you called Ellen Stardust or
something so we looked it up it's about
like eight blocks this way it's like 10
minute walk so I'm excited to go there
it's a chilling like villain but I hope
it's going to be cool like how the hell
did he seem to like today order food I
don't have no idea we're just gonna be
like but willing to give it a try cuz it
sounds fun you want to get a taxi this
guy he's crazy
look at that it's so cool anyway we're
here Stardust
okay so the queue is like real honest
like a 40-minute wait so we didn't plan
that very well
all right we've come to have a list of
you guys tweeted maintenance an
excellent moment it was bubble gum so
we're here now decided to see what kind
of food we're gonna get quite enjoyed
the movie so look you got a maniac
we don't have an app and then someone
waits you athlete to that nap and then
they're just like hanging like Hector
the hungry hungry long time I wanted one
of those
Oh
what is that that is the cookie thing I
got like the selection the trio parody a
little green on the top that we're
staying in the Westin design our hotel
in New York it's got a bite this way
this way
no no no no no I mean I mean I mean I
mean every new
a little monkey yeah he's your brother
did he follow us Thanks
what's that monkey doing here come on
monkey all right go go and I got the
monkeys safely to the monkey cage check
out Sudoku look that's a Sudoku ed play
you guys are nuts
sure like puzzles and stuff but I love
the puzzle and slating it's like it adds
another dimension to the vlogs
we are leaving love you're asking why
are we staying and why do we keep
hanging around Times Square it's cuz the
hotel we're staying at is in Times
Square but today we're moving to another
hotel which we're gonna stay in for a
week here in New York but that's like
over by Central Park or something so I
think we're talking with Times Square
now we're moving to a new area new
places to check out anyway thanks for
watching hope you enjoyed it leaving all
comment and subscribe and like the
button like the button just like the
button and I'll see you guys tomorrow
