good morning from New York can you say
morning friends Amelia you say morning
friends
everyone's like so tired because they
woke up like seven hours ago
and not on the Oh laughs American time
zone quite yet we're gonna try and find
somewhere to get some breakfast we
scoped from our hotel room way up there
somewhere that there's a there's a
tavern or something across the road
she's gonna try and get over there and
gets me new or bagels and waffles in the
coop whatever else
New Yorkers eat I know it's freezing now
I actually trade it out he would retract
it for this jacket because I thought it
was too hot but now I'm realizing that
it was actually freezing cold we'll
figure it out
Bigelow come on let's hope it depends on
the nerves 650 did it right oh all right
I think it's up this way all right we're
on Park Avenue look at these buildings
legs
ranunculus thank you this huh and then
we're checking out of this hotel in a
couple hours I'm going to another hotel
church hotel and then we're checking out
of that one so you go to another coconut
thing at the end of the road check is
that huh amazing I asked for dunno look
at this monster and I just wanted a New
York bagel so I don't 1/4 is gonna have
some of this oh thanks and it sweetie
all right breakfast has been hired look
the proper New York usage in New York
magazine Dana what which way so red max
ooh dinner hotel get the vlog be sorted
and then myself and Ana we have an
interview with People magazine and a
shoot and stuff to do so I think the
kids are gonna go off because Alma and
era I'm Emma and Erik and all that are
in town as well see where they're gonna
spend the afternoon with oh man
work stuff that we're gonna come back
and meet them Gemini's breakfast yeah
wish Mickey oh my goodness because I
said there's gonna be no Disney
characters in New York five minutes a
movie
Minnie Mouse
I'm with dizzee rascal kids are going
off mommy and daddy have to go to work
you gonna be good for Tasha are you
gonna go see Alma yeah an Emma and Erica
yeah I'm a baby - Emma are you yesterday
what no I you guys have fun in New York
a glimpse inside of youtubers like the
video is at 95% if I get this elevator
I'm gonna lose the connection or leave
the hotel I'm gonna lose the connection
we have to go we've got a meeting with
People magazine in 20 minutes but I mean
that I could sit near like 95% it's like
come on come on do you like the Bell
very Cape you need to call her bike
separator so much my laptop in that one
hold on a second first time in a New
York taxi in a New York minute
it's like like your movies what the
thing all right we got the block of kids
are off kids are happy vlogs happy it's
gonna stream hot we arrived at streamcon
and also registration for the New York
Martin's there's seven billion people
here it's hilarious okay
I think this is where we're going
from the duct ass
are you happy Anna met her favorite
finer chief Thomas oh yes
wait is this video right now no this is
the internal use Viners don't understand
about blogs
no no what's this guy's name
as in her element even try chippy as the
thing
Jaffe main stage our dogs cannot do that
in New York when I was like 13 first
time you have anything big plan you're
gonna unify State Building yeah
but we might just end in fire with each
other
don't
early
so floats for making the eyelashes grow
Nina Anna has left a while ago heading
back to the hotel to move to the other
hotel she's gone with Dom but I just
want to show you guys that some eating
stuff but I wanted to show you guys this
is the Hudson River behind me you get
the Hudson River Hudson River to walk so
cool with the Sun coming down that's a
lot of traffic there's like battleships
or something over there get some zoom
which ready for super zoom gonna
activate super zoom in a minute
because that's true lucky
that's how we're actually gone home to
home to England we're actually taking
that big ship families back together I
miss you guys all day long and look at
these they dragged in there it's
actually the whole family's in the van
on the way over I didn't think them in
the entire extended family hmm did you
see all my good lunch did you see a role
that know how much that cost us where
last night every time we talk to someone
was like it's a feedom who's free who's
just pretend oh there's ghosts in the
room this ghosts in the room so hotel
number three all right our tour of
hotels in America will check out this
view in hotel number three there's a
light on hold on okay we're going to try
another room this is like your hotel
left games
okay okay so this room is the other home
that we had for the kids and it's see
the one we had didn't have a back this
one has a bat we're okay
hi but look at this over here
look at this ting lights oh my goodness
oh look at that
the Sun and going down in New York City
that is so good is that the freedom I
don't think it is oh my goodness
this is so cool haha to view tomorrow is
epic as well this is pretty cool what's
that building over there oh my goodness
just keep again a big New York is New
York concrete jungle where dreams are
made of
that's so cool alright let's get serious
and tell everyone the good news we have
a bath we have a hotel room all right
look who's back in the vlogs guys it's
fresh girl everyone's favorite and look
he brought a little Eduardo Eduardo look
like when he's grown up and Sophia and
Amelia he's ready for bed it would seem
Eduardo and he brought his wife mary and
her
how many people can you fit in a hotel
room it's the game who's you guys do you
guys see turn around Matthew look at
these guys you can't you think they look
alike Matt you do what it why does it
make it right his face
huh why no can you say Matthew you can
no oh no no no I mean yeah help I mean
yeah Oh what is this gonna speak now all
right let's go get some food to these
kids right the whole place the whole
place nuttin but the place so right you
guys alone you're on Amelia Judy she's a
runner is it running out here look at
him it doubled in their numbers we went
up to our room to collect some stuff see
these here we bought down yeah we bought
them for like one and a half years ago
for a matching Sofia and now they're
like thirty two years older and they
wore when we actually first bought us
kids away like way older than you are
we actually plan on giving it to them
and
round than our outliners high two years
late what that counts every time I walk
around the streets of New York I just go
like wow isn't it this cream you see the
size of the place so bigger than the
buildings or so tall anyway the hunt for
food
I can see em oh it is do they work fast
okay we're trying to find a nice food
place is becoming quite difficult
I've been an Irish pub I was like mrs.
Hodge Oh
I guess they're getting in here a little
gang oh geez oh no where's the mean in
mine
I don't know I've lost the child
when you're spelling
what's the next level okay Bubbe
do you have a beat in your name is your
name I mean Abby Lee another I
and then one what's the last letter then
here's the pen I mean one letter makes
the sound of farm
huh look at the parking situation over
there it's good what did I beat rings
and rings and rings and rings all right
we had a Mongo dinner it's time to go
home huh
you gotta go home and making plans for
tomorrow they're all going to the World
Trade Center they gonna let the
craziness you just got the chicken all
sorted
everyone's going except for myself
banana because we have to go to work
tomorrow we're gonna have fun aren't you
save my friends you guys do boyfriends
you want to look at your lip so it's not
gonna left right say bye friends goodbye
friends
he's chosen they're my friends bye-bye
see you friends see your friends it's my
friend it's your friend and we're back
in the hotel the kids as you can hear
are playing their songs were about to
put them in the bath let along fun day
ahead of us tomorrow but oh my goodness
that's even a view from the room
everything New York is so cool I Love
New York
let's move to New York Anna every time
we go there like let's move here
anyway thanks for watching this video
hope you enjoyed it hope you gave it a
like and a comment and the subscription
and I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
friends and enjoy the cryptogram
