good morning friends
good morning Amelia where are you going
yeah it's your last day of preschool
today well not forever it's just we're
going to New York tomorrow so uh yeah
yeah we'll be back when we get back from
New York you can go back to school
here's somebody knocked all the leaves
over there was it wired oh yeah maybe it
was wired oh I told him to leave the
leaves alone these those leaves alone
hey it's like mommy's car Oh mommy's new
car is coming today
I'm not exciting no we have to wait till
we get home from New York to get that is
one that it got some stupid carbon fiber
and things it takes a bit longer
okay great hop in that is a wheel the
big wheel isn't it just go round wheels
under Daddy's Cayenne go around and
round well the long walk to school the
long walk to school make sure not to
drool and be cool in school you're not
sad today oh that's good isn't it
we're going on holidays tomorrow we're
gonna see Alma in New York and Erica and
Emma and Francesco and Marianne and
Sophia are going away on holiday bye-bye
Bianca I won't make a big fuss because
then she'll know and it's seen us
birthday on the second but I'll text
yeah so right you have a happy birthday
Kay yeah thank you
I'll text you right yeah have a lovely
time guys you want help
that's right sure are you parked inside
no are you parked inside am i yeah okay
all right bye guys have fun bye thank
you
thanks bye I feel like we need to say
something
zip she's going you've had in a while
she's going we're gonna bring her for
one last Drive and I took her car which
kind of forced me into taking this I
haven't actually started this thing in a
while all right whoops okay oh oh so
nice
that's it's such a nice car it's so
squishy and soft okay haven't started in
quite a while
German engineering lads
look at her look at her no butter turn
don't know Paxil oh hi what have you
been doing did you make cupcakes yeah
there's been else on the camera we've
established huh many times yeah yeah
maybe don't mean on spatula with your
jumper that might be a good idea what do
you think look I'll show you something
even cooler it's also time to say
goodbye to you oh my goodness oh I don't
know which one I was gonna stand and
decide which one to collect Amelia and I
think I'm gonna take the clam because
this valleys been out a lot more this
guy's gone for a lot more drives than
the Cayenne and has been a much time you
know plus it's better to eat than my
Ajay not I'm not going very far it's
better keep in mind is knowing is that I
could she's working with my own money
now she said there's no one investment
purchase to be honest or no wise nose
bulkeley's I just coming in goats is
Chuck he me come on anyway I don't want
to dancing in this garden smart it's
didn't it was like Eduardo
yeah did you eat some cake no oh did you
eat some cupcakes
was it pumpkin cupcakes were they scary
cupcakes
oh that's very rude all right let's get
you cleaned up okay all right we'll get
you cleaned up
look how cute he looks guys his chart
matches the batter as all cakes yeah
they're in the oven you don't want them
okay
Monster is daddy a monster that was so
cute it's just the two of us today cuz
the media is at preschool oh thank you
the job for the school today
yeah wait is there a new girl
no oh
what's a new girl's name Mickey he's got
a new friends
my nails before our New York trip my new
jacket so I don't know what color to get
I think dark again did you remember this
car June you're a baby yeah I remember
huh oh no those raisins in the seats
yeah I'm gonna climb up time off Bigfoot
big big oh there's raisins part I'll put
raisins in this each which site you want
to sit on pick a side any side you want
to be in to decide daddy side okay you
jump in there I'll run around and get
your tea Pufnstuf on okay does that cars
don't we left your card
Jemima got a new car as well just like
this and she trying to climb into it
that kid's life yeah her daddy drives a
big car is this your favorite kind of
car the big jeeps like this yeah well
good news cuz that he got a Jeep that he
got rid of his silly fast cars because
he knows the media likes these cars
better
you know and there's room for everybody
all because they're in the other one
what is it like does he not know that he
does like seat belts he doesn't like you
guys come off
you know the good thing about the end
the car I got is they sky said you know
if we're if we're lucky and often we get
pregnant and we have another child soon
no they're going to they're able to
convert my new car into a seven-seater
it's not a big deal if there's a little
space in the car so that's kind of cool
to know that it's a it's gonna be a
seven-seater going to be what this base
from mommy the space for Eduardo the
space maybe for somebody else
it's you might want to mine are going
she's going to Disneyland and you're
going to New York
that worked out well maybe next time
my Mac encourage you let me Wow well you
can ask her that would be nice surprise
Haeju Miami wanna go to New York
shuffle all my lost boys we rowdy that's
where it got before New York folks here
we go are you ready to feast ok so I
know I look - dude we're doing really
weird because I've got no makeup I'm in
the middle of my like here and then I'll
explain my second time left over after
she did my nails which by the way or a
Halloweeny I got black with gold glitter
and then orange on my ring fingers with
gold glitter so festive so anyway she
had time afterwards so she did my
eyebrows and it was the first time I
ever got my eyebrows done like
professionally so she shaped them for me
and then she tinted them and I swear I'm
so happy like this is them tinted no
makeup on nothing I'm like in love like
I know I look weird now because I don't
have any makeup on my super on I don't
have any makeup on like right here
but what that's my eyebrows she said it
obviously what will fade cuz it's like
it'll fade off my skin because it's on
my skin right now as well but oh my god
I'm so impressed I'm so happy so I need
to go home now and finish off something
with video so I need to put makeup on so
hopefully I can do that
and it won't look crazy but I'm so happy
with them I couldn't thank her enough I
was like oh my god you're making me like
wanna cry I'm so happy I can't believe
these are my eyebrows with nothing on
them well except for the chin but you
know what I mean so cool are you
Potter the pitter-patter of small little
feet it's Elsa do you want to build a
snowman
you playing quietly as a media doesn't
have maps anymore you don't sleep
anymore deal you play with your toys yes
yes well starts and graphs yes
absolutely
that's a baby say in the phone yes what
is it
hey have you packed your bike have you
packed your suitcase yet know what
Amelia it is holidays well not right now
but we're gonna go very shortly but
first we need to pack a suitcase we need
to watch frozen one more time and then
we'll have our dinner then we'll have a
bath then we'll jump into our bed this
holiday time you excited okay well let's
do all those things in that exact order
so under feet the footage not baking
videos you shot with me yeah
bloody microphone wasn't turned on the
external mic is the camera lens now
particularly five for those baking
videos is very noisy so I put an
external microphone on it but it was
turned off to say the battery so she
didn't end it all she is so upset I feel
so sorry for I know what that's like but
those baking videos Hey they take so
much energy because like the best one of
them is doing it with the kids and stuff
on a plate like obviously baking
cupcakes itself is a task but if you
cupcakes to children's is an extra task
but I was like oh I'm so sorry and then
it's like it's not something she can
redo and it's our final taking today
saying and then we got a pack because
we're gonna New York it's a concrete
jungle where dreams are made of that's
where we're gonna let's send her some
love and care guys
hey guys so I just went to start editing
the baking video took all the footage
off my card put it into my laptop and
press play and there's no audio I didn't
realize that there was an external mic
on because Jonathan uses the camera as
well and I don't know anything about
camera equipment and I know that's
pretty stupid to be a youtuber and not
know anything about it but I honestly
don't I normally just take that camera
press record and that's it but there was
an external mic put onto it so it wasn't
turned on and there's no audio I'm so
upset because I planned my entire day
right in this stupid baking video and
they're so stressful to film we're going
to New York tomorrow and I still haven't
packed yeah dude
ever like literally plant my entire day
around this stupid baking video and it
was the last one series and now it's
just like I can't even use it so stupid
they feel so upset and it was a really
cute video as well and it's just like I
can't use it I have so much packing to
do and I was so much other stuff to do
by just put on at the window for this
stupid baking veneer that can't even be
used anyway you get me as a runner-up
prize Oh microwave a cupcake we can eat
the cupcakes any schreiber is that nice
diverse hands up if your heart is broken
the poor little thing I know that's like
oh my goodness every youtuber in the
world at one point has recorded a video
with an external microphone and not
turned it on it's a rite of passage it's
happened to me and now it's happened to
Anna and I feel really sorry for her and
she got so upset anyway check out the
crossword lads
what somebody made a crossword like
yesterday's word puzzle thing crosswords
you guys have taken it your next
leveling this game see you guys tomorrow
don't forget to like and comment and
subscribe and all that awesome stuff and
I could look at the crossword by
