good morning everyone good morning
impart oh good morning complete it
morning the Lesya good morning the
porridge good morning mommy she's got a
little flu I did not know such thing
I believe in my was cause you got a flu
shot it's cool you're cool you can get a
flu shot I think you are the culprit
well good morning and welcome to the
28th of December guys there's only a
couple of more days left of this year
hope you're planning on your resolutions
for 2018 and last year what do you plan
on achieving in 2018 talking and walking
talking and walking can you say talking
and walking can you say talking and then
go for a walk what do you want to
achieve in 2018 guardo
you in 2018 Varro's you're going to go
to reception
you're gonna go to year 1 in 26 is on
fire
so I did some practicing it maybe she's
he and what's the rule though what
should you never go here I told him
don't go look what we could do though we
could pull this over like this look yeah
did you Mena's wonder how to name it my
name and email Eduardo had a bad dream
about rolling down the stairs did you
watch that in your iPad it's like a flat
table in a new house over here then yeah
then we get a tissue mister you've got
something rolling out of your nose
haven't you are busy i we are jumping ha
and we're going to see who can jump the
highest out all these steps to the
cushions I hope you enjoy yet now Emilia
has put some safety safety situations in
place here as you can see behind me here
she has taken all of the cushions
pillows from around the house and piled
them all up at the end of the stairs now
should people try this at home
no you say don't try this at home they
don't try this at home
say I am a trained idiot I'm a trying
idiot okay trained idiot career alright
so how what step you jump in from no no
not from there from there alright good
luck me what about you open in there you
Matt you ready go oh you're a lunatic
you're a lunatic you sure about this
oh when daddy was a little boy Emelia
him and his sisters or brothers used to
do all these games as well we would see
who can climb up because our stairs went
around a corner and you'd see who can
jump around corners pretty crazy back
then but I think everybody does the
stairs gave leave comments of having
these steps you're hating why not not do
bad I used to be I don't know where
those there's there's are made for
walking thanks so you can jump higher
than me I went I'll see if you can jump
the same and hi to media I've got some
good news I can our job as many steps as
you jump okay it cannot be done because
the heavier you are the harder you fall
you see you're really light you
basically bounce this is what we call
Christmas vibes lads everyone's on the
iPads um I'm doing this this game it's
incredible what's it called Nora I have
horizon pride horizion right 0 0 to 1 1
0 gone horizon zero dawn media is
watching right I was watching car you as
well what you're watching the same thing
or different iPads I see sometimes
chills here as well joins in and the
gang the chillin gang which is asleep
right now which is really cool hanging
out again you know make up my old
friends homemade friends Christmas
holidays aqua systems all the ways extra
boosting heating John yes
are you cold Eduardo not because you're
wearing shorts and a t-shirt mister
shorts and t-shirt anyway let's get our
fort going guys well I've just boosted
the heating for you thinking what is it
present in my stocking we still have our
Apple box here for you you pranked me we
did it you for soft place really okay so
what we're gonna need guys probably
gonna need some chairs here to create an
edge and then we're gonna need some
covers so let's get a chair in the
kitchen and let's build let's build it
forth no know what Frank know that chair
is not gonna work
did you just happy in your phone okay so
you guys know how Jonathan got this book
that has been going around this winter
well I got it now and I was like
Caroline Clarence and I were bragging
about how our immune systems are so
strong at the clean Christmas party and
we both like she got what she's calling
the plague which we thought it was a
left here I think this is worse than
what she's which problem yeah Donna had
this whole like muscle ache headache
cold like everything the last couple of
days now I've got it
thing is the home you've got three small
children just keep going and it's just
there's nothing you can do about it but
thankfully I've got my bestie festie my
bestie things like anytime we're having
like yeah my bestie best DUI that's
chill I'm just like do I try the next it
may be a fight with a boyfriend or
husband or girlfriend just in a bit of a
fight if you can find it in you you just
go but you're my bestest baby - like you
work you might get your hair you might
break up what anyway so yeah I do not
best stuff knows things
I've got banging headache
I think bulls are better do you think
what I know today we are going to show
you how to take a backflip is like this
but it's going to be okay now we are
going to make an obstacle if you step on
it doing a cartwheel your perfect timing
now let's go on to number three as iggle
piggle iggle walking huh
you are you a good big brother there you
hmm you guys best this right cuz where's
the ninky nonk
Ronnie you look so grown up
it's a pinky dog is that their house
their house yeah North angel unicorn is
she trying to get out
