their morning prayers good morning
friends are you meaning are you you feel
like you might have a little cold or
something no you want your iPad watch
games on it here who would have to we
have to charge iPad because where where
are we going in a few days so we don't
in why are we going
no I whisper you're supposed to say that
I would daddy has to go to London today
who's your friend beside you know who's
your pony
what's your pony's name what's your
pony's name though pinkie pinkie pinkie
pie yeah
all right let's get the iPad charge here
lies okay this is immediate iPad you
have to see what we've got here
oh you have to talk it oh yes it's
charged it first
okay well I'll charge it up okay you go
have some breakfast and then maybe after
breakfast
it'll be charged what's going on here
are you reading your book
 you reading is it's always book
okay
how to survive a long distant
relationship when your boyfriend is a
super hot rock god oh boy is your
boyfriend a rock star yeah you read me
the story okay go with your stickers Oh
Zoey where's the sticker this for the
part so we were heading into London she
liked my new hair my new jacket I knew I
needed one for astronaut Sorento for
London or four for New York so I picked
this one up it's so soft it's like it's
hard to tell he was a planet can't
remember but it's so soft it's really
nice anyway we're hanging to London lads
because this is something where I was a
man and she's like you know you don't
have to share this but everybody if you
don't want it yeah I know but I feel
like I want it I want to share this
little journey that I'm about to sort of
go on because I'm as a man when you hit
your 30s you can turn up the comb
insecure about different stuff first I
got to just call home okay she's gonna
send Matt all right it's kind of like I
don't even know like beginning to really
I don't know I started telling a story
in it I just I don't even know how I did
it I can say it might haven't even I had
to even start the story off well about a
minute to spare lights
we just made it
what I was crazy along with the Talib I
like miniature it was delayed by two
minutes do you run up I saw the amount
with the hand up that's like go and I
was like no it's me open the doors but
he gave me a dirty look it was you ran
up the stairs okay so where do we even
start
well that might be a little too far back
okay that's not one oh well again I feel
like that's not the hairline we're going
for okay seriously who is actually in
control of these pictures no Mike okay
that was first year in school you gotta
forgive me I taught lion Harris cool all
right
Oh can we just not so much sharing of
the school photos a little bit better
getting closer to what we're actually
dared that's the fella there there we go
that's my live in Germany look at that
hairline I'm so jealous up oh I looking
like a girl a little bit but yeah look
at that hairline is so perfect this is
my 21st birthday still had a really nice
hairline it was starting to recede
slightly as you can see on the edges
there but it was okay I was living with
it I was happy and then it just sort of
snowballs a little bit from there I just
treat these pictures in because that's
the picture of me and Anna just chilling
because I love her and that's really
cute too but my story is like most guys
I'm in my 30s and my hair line has
receded and I'm quite conscious of it
and I put up videos on YouTube every
single day and I see myself every single
day and I wasn't sure it was something
that I just had to accept and live with
and just shave my head for rest of my
life and then I about a year ago I met
someone who is telling me about some
footballers and some celebrities and
stuff that a doctor's done in this place
in London and I talked cuz I actually go
get this done and it turns out I could
actually go get this done so I'm going
in today for a consultation to see about
rebuilding my hairline I'm very excited
I'm also very kind of half nervous happy
and secure better so be nice okay on
with the vlog it's kind of you know what
you're thinking about the incident again
it's a good idea and you fill in the
forms and you write for and you're like
oh god what have I done
let's go home I know I know I know
let's go I know you know this is scary
initially all right
I know keep doing that okay see if I
hope that will block some of this so I
can show you guys the process you're
gonna draw in my head enjoy them up this
is it
it's basically how they do it is drawn
their visual so I am that's relatively
the new hairline of course on the day we
will measure it because your loss is not
the same on both side it's the estimate
for one side is sort of further back
here than it is here
so we would have to not just repair that
hairline but also go into these areas
and exits in in the lower front legs as
well because I mean the indent in here
so slowly and that line will not be very
straight what we tend to do is go on the
line in front of the line behind the
line because an actual hairline should
be like this not to man yeah we've done
it I did
so just impossible Dave
let me get back to New York - a book
will be in what do you think yeah it did
the coach yeah the guy's really nice
like this they Hughes saying all the
right words as they're like the future
stuff you know know me know what you can
do because I was like I want when he got
my heart - did you like it did you know
and lunch has been hot you're exiting
the entrance
what's nice and warm I forgot it warm in
it should we walk are we close that it
so we had a big long meeting about on
this future exciting project it's gonna
be amazing
what I'm so excited when you telling
everybody does it happen in November
like next week we're in New York you
gonna tell them yeah yeah yeah it's
exciting
I'm excited our car is here next time we
see Francesco be a New York New York
exciting exciting stuff training up at
8:00 and somehow we ended up in lush
look at this stuff does not look like
actual food and paisans of an hour the
kids will love bat bombs they were
immediate rawr don't eat them so yeah so
we gave us bath bombs the kids just keep
throwing about the grenade
but another look at that this is not
edible raw gawk we get it wired to a
robot
not work for him Amelia for this one and
robot for water Lucas frozen
we met some friends from Liverpool what
what you don't want to be alright
don't look at her erase her from your
memory erase her her memory we just face
I'm her mom Bianca we do have a present
that you have in your snacks
yes Amelia's one this is wario's
they're not to be eaten Mina's already
robot role it makes the baths pink yeah
did you miss mommy and daddy today did
you miss that anymore than mommy it
wasn't here at lunchtime
yeah I'm sorry about that I am making
dinner and feeling like we're all gonna
die because I'm making red meat and it
turns out red meat is not so good for
you anymore
don't you guys follow the World Health
Organization's tweets I mean we don't
mean it that often nice to be on
and this is a good quality grass-fed
organic beef so you know five Benji's of
this meat I think you would mm-hmm this
is quite like the dinner that he made us
that time I think it's going to be
better but anyway so we're making black
bean in case you can already know with
noodles and veggies I took the chili out
because that's what you do when you have
kids and they're whole wheat noodles I
think it's time we had a date nice
you mean you're just chilling like
villains here on the PlayStation or
sorry the iPad what do we have to do
what is photocopying things she's
dancing with the prince
does she
let's see did I do it yeah did I break
it
Oh dad what are you doing weirdo who's
that media community investment oh then
don't go I have a stringer oh it's my
mom
mom yeah that's it hello
I'm fine so let's get into the back
first and then we'll add the roll got
all got your one wire does one first row
God is first and he accidentally filled
the back roll god it's excited tomorrow
guys we need to pack for New York oh
geez yes oh we have to bring costumes
for Halloween in New York exciting yeah
all right everybody let's go
oh my you doing mommy's here yes okay
mr. robot so you say boyfriend's bonds
oh just a minute you gonna say bye
friends
it sounds like the photocopier stick
what exactly is happening over there you
have to turn the TV on now I know my say
media have you caught him on camera I
got her one camera got him on tape
caught on tape say go get a media what
are you doing your work push you in
nobody push a push pop okay I'm gonna
push you in you do your work now say bye
friends bye friends
Mina is very busy now get editing the
video come on come on
oh sorry sorry get to it this is like
next-level endslate stuff lads you guys
are taking it to the limit take it to
the limit
check this out who's it Lauren
squishiness huh
this is so amazing look it's like a
what'd you call us a little circuit all
the interactive puzzle ends ladies
they're the best you're the best oh stop
it
will you stop it anyway pause it enjoy
it and tweet me if you actually can find
them all and I'll see you guys tomorrow
forget to like the video favorite the
video I don't even arms and subscribe
and comment and whatever else you can do
with videos we watch it try that it try
that on for size
see you guys thanks for watching goodbye
