snow white oh no that's no white see get
snow white good morning friends say good
morning friends never started off I mean
it was lunching Ana doing her makeup
over here which escalated into me living
snow wife and I became tonight and then
some sort of an amine night then
immediate became tonight hmm what about
Logan your bad lady
Mila underworld of them um 30 years so
media got some hair extensions
let me see turn red oh yes you're gonna
look so pretty when you've hair that's
me she looks pretty I know well I got a
cute it looks you ain't taking off okay
here that is click religion look at
daddy and then we'll take it off oh you
don't
okay look at me and say cheese and YS
okay
you're so cute Melia you look like mommy
it was like mommy and daddy if mommy and
daddy had a baby you tested they'd look
like I'm taking it up wait counting
you're gonna wreck it
yeah you're here short again your own
hair is back soon your own he'll be long
like that yeah this is my life told out
deep end
my little it toda g'friend
I am B coxey's he's knows he's not
supposed to be up here but I really like
to bring him up sometimes hmm I've had
helped for six years that's amazing how
much has changed in my life in the last
six years I've had I'll be longer than
I've been on youtubes it's not mental
because all the rest might even Cena is
on the vlog whoo we got her we got here
well B's not mmm he's pretty you jus
there's only three things in saucony
Jory's that are pre-youtube
in getting Albie myself and I like
getting together
what's eternal oh yeah I thought like
Anna getting a Jonathan and Jonathan
getting with Anna yeah possibly that's
what I kind of meant three people so
Anna Jonathan and Albie we're all a unit
and everybody else came along the way
huh now I know me coxey's boy that way
that we cook C's look did you so pretty
you should appoint a little boy oh hey
guys hey guys mmm he's just
misunderstood hmm you know lucky
Oh give a dog a sniff Oh fire time oh
wow
oh it's hot no we let our children play
with fire ha ha ha do you like playing
with fire right oh he's a crazy word is
that candy corn yeah
no way what it's actually corn there's
nothing to do with corn uh I thought I
was like corn but like my jaw
oh there now all right put all this
stuff together magically make videos
happen oh geez child Ann what's
happening why no you can't eat the candy
corn or play with that no how are you
gonna make he's gonna make chemical
candy corn flour
but we reason this thing is that of a
tripod translation but the behind it
just kind of like melts a little bit
Chan but it works out easier why didn't
you sheep back oh oh don't eat all of
the candy corn all right in trouble
you're in trouble
we got a package from my mom so he is
really excited oh nice
okay let's open it Oh ed why don't you
can open your present from OMA look she
bought you something nice quick Mia Oh
Anna's hair oh where did it go oh she
wrapped it and everything let your
brother help you it's for both okay can
you help good boy oh you want to open it
Oh fizzy bath tenants oh you can use
them tonight guys oh my goodness
really Remi really all right let's do
this friends let's do this I'm wearing
my trixin for inspiration okay if it
never worked at my tricks on top so I
let you know J if it's a good it's a
good workout top the tricks and work at
it oh my god how mismatched I might
whenever I'm in here jump Ronaldo's I
always vlog like this because there's
one light there and this is like the
best light spot but that's probably
pretty good too but the rest of the
place is really dull and all that like
Dola Dola texas
Dulles is Dulles in Texas I just said it
just like I just said it I didn't even
know if I was saying something right or
not I'm so Mitch max rads that's a dark
gray gray black blue navy red I'm a
Mitch mattre Moochie my cheese
miji my cheese of that of death is what
I do by the way anyway the men's garage
ten minute he'll work out so we do three
times and turn 10 so we do yeah we start
off the squats bicep curls 40 seconds
burpees 40 seconds press up on the
sidewalk thing for 40 seconds learn to
the band 40 seconds mountain climbing
with that team for 40 seconds and we
need a punch bag Boop 40 seconds then we
need to sit ups for 40 seconds and we do
arm pressing 4 then punch everything and
skip 4 seconds then we've added a new
one which we're going to do today which
is like you hold away a hot dense it's
an intense situation for I'm going to be
fit for winter it was always like fit
for summer lives gonna be fit for winter
will to win lies this afternoon acoustic
hey stop going afternoon acoustic is
probably not good for working out but
will to win this is what I go with then
I have this little amplifier thing here
we put the phone in we plug this guy in
here
let's get working oh my goodness you're
not gonna believe what just arrived lads
this I've been waiting for this let me
show you I'm so excited about this the
big reveal
oh it's so cool it's like my favorite
picture on the calendar what do you
think do you like it wardo does Elsa
like it
yeah who's in the picture of media
madyun wardo not cool though I love this
picture that's the whole reason I make
calendars just so I can make this
picture we should get all the months
done though you know there's such good
pictures like I got one of them done
from this Craig's wanted a trial to Matt
like I think that's pretty good though
the white wood in the inset no are you
afraid you don't wanna see it in the
meat is room let's give you different
yeah like that's like more
modern-looking yeah yeah you are sort of
like yeah old-school
Eduardo Eduardo Eduardo hello
booga-booga I'm Christoph I'm Christoph
price is Anna coming Anna wait for Anna
Anna I think Anna's coming word oh yeah
Elsa yeah we don't Anna and my viewers
hmm Anna is Anna hello nope I worn this
hat because I'm gonna be freezing as we
go they're just my eyes
and we're just huge big duffle coat
which is usually the one worn by how old
look at this gang over here look so cute
huh what's why their eyes mommy did
daddy's eyes fucka mommy and daddy oh
sorry my horns in the way huh Oh horn oh
poor my Warren it's okay hello Eli
alright you guys gonna behave while
we're gone are you in charge
Wiki which is why I do in charge okay
he's like when you test like that every
day mom mommy Kimmy
yeah oh boy now okay so loads of little
kids are walking passionate look over
and they're just like oh my god of
tanner
I know this is my imagine Amelia I came
man yeah yeah and she saw you
she's like no you're covered a little
bit but you look you look so it's like
Anna even though your name is on your
board making it all just a buncha pal us
walking in oh yeah we don't know where
we are the taxi man could resist or was
like a a closed Road or something one of
my morons is wonky look at his form
appears like wonky got a wonky horn lads
yes and a taxi guy had to drop us off
and he was like yeah just and rode like
oh okay
okay don't whoa who did I sink is this
it hate Britain Tate Britain where you
go bringing you guys and sightseeing
tours wait was the paint mother about
this was that in New York Francesca
look at Madi
I didn't even get dressed up Shafer work
look at how the fashion the way here
tough day at the office a that's on PA
at this dress was it inside joke don't
mind it was like what booth is here once
cigarette hey the web ok leave comments
below do you think this is
boys a scary lad oh it's an answer
there's a hand over your table
she doesn't she doesn't like us
okay the other night I look terrible
NATO's are you ammonia
suger claimed
are added a party you're going home
visitation now Pat the place is gonna be
like completely empty I look funny
because I'm not wearing my helmet now so
don't look as obviously a Viking and I'm
in character you know you know like as
of now I just look like a guy who's
wearing guyliner although everyone work
online I'm quite happy actually meant to
focus is you just got myself a focuser
nope nope not happening I think the kids
were probably gonna be a sneak
let me get help and in tomorrow night
we're going to shut up you guys remember
last year chucked over who terrified
Alfie just doesn't need to get changed
he can just stay the way he is and work
the truck over crying just like a peer
they're like let's hope to get a train
and we missed a train the last train of
the night the next train was about 4
a.m. in the morning so we taught that's
bit mad now lads so we walked home and
I've just arrived home now
no he didn't where to get an uber old
uber oh wait was Natalie I can't
remember it wasn't a taxi it was like
one of those mobile car of people that
came but yeah it I was so annoying miss
Lodge training at home too like 3
o'clock in the morning or something
nachos and as you know our children like
to wake up 7 a.m. sharp
so I'm excited I'm we're going to Tony
farm tonight awesome so I'm a slightly
new braided from lack of sleep and I'm
now going to be terrified by the
monsters and clowns and scary folk a
totally farm exciting anyway tune in
tomorrow to see me pee my pants
literally pee my pants thanks for
watching video anyway given know like
comment a subscription and I'll see you
tomorrow
when I pee my pants
