the learning plans cuz I'm gonna have
what polish humming white bars with
honey how's your lip is it feeling
better today it's a little bit better
but my pony has huh no your pony
she got it she got it sorted up - oh
poor little pony Wow I like a unicorn
oh no you look are you gonna take care
good morning friends Oh what no toys at
the table here that wardo oh yeah the
rules guys yeah they're the rules guys
no toys at the table
alright so immediate ones purple
porridge white porridge and guarda ones
yellow perch he was we get back we
defects for wardo white part for media
all right we had a problem with the
perch flowers and Irish oats flags Irish
shows kind of a Sunday morning
Winneconne Jolie's for that one it is
exploding huh we still having a reckless
or to finish this breakfast like the
little wolf that he is little wolf it is
good Anna and Olaf
laughs yeah my eyes it's making me the
classic rain rain go away come again
another day we're hoping for no rain
today lads
whoa the most cutest kids in the world
Hey look at the dude room all right
let's go
that's truly going up again you gotta
look after each other
so we're gonna go to Valentina's for
lunch but beforehand we're gonna go hit
a field playground you're pg huh
it will Sunday PD sessions oh geez here
comes trouble lads don't be alarmed
move in whoo we made the swings can I go
on this one oh we give it to our dough
is that your 100 you want to get on it
or you just want to push yeah I'm gonna
go in the stang weirdo hmm all right you
ready see does this work
Louie can you climb up there yourself
no way show me how Oh what good job wow
that was really good in me Nia and your
end in your fancy shoes too
can you run across the bridge is your
little girl coming it's okay there's
enough room for everybody you made it up
you gonna go across that one
I'll head across online oh oh oh I made
it
ooh someone's complicated oh why does
coming up - you can be captain to the
ship
hello captain wardo you naughty pirates
oh oh oh they're a bunch of naughty
pirates
you inaudi paranoia or you are you a
mermaid princess mermaid who did there's
no point even a lament about when the
beak or never my dream of AB or in some
land of building a big house I don't
feel to feel the cool like play area
like this of the huge big wooden boat
and like slightly to like just like the
most amazing home playground ever in the
world will be by me trust me it's a
thing it's going to happen 2016 believe
in a lot of traction and all that now
right Amelia Wireless gone down there
look you want to get into our dough come
over here come over here sit down or
look you can stand over the other side
hold on I need to get under here you
want to go to a different one so we're
thinking of going into a different way
you wanna has the finger puppets now a
wardo
is the guardo's preferred mode of
transportation on daddy shoulder listen
here like ask Italian you have to ask in
Italian what don't know or are you want
Carluccio's oh oh you call it I don't
mind
wherever the phone is devotee think Andi
didn't terrified and I was a girl to you
McCartney chose have one because they
have a special brand envelope full of
toys and presents and pasta Oh pit-hole
bed what's what are you doing more than
the sugars you don't want sugars you're
sweet enough mr. Frank oh what'd you get
let's see Wow
Oh residents look a little postcard you
can send a postcard to somebody
yeah and look it special oh oh that's
what this stuff is it I'm falling off I
mean there's mommy oh that is mommy oh
that must to open how you kicking
together
ah right I know I got in trouble of
junction between situation so I know I'm
some sort of a salad with tuna media
went for the open a surprise and guess
what right oh gosh
also penne
get it oh good boy
the parm is in and rocket with a side of
steak and rocket and potatoes and the
vision lemon man and we have to
perpetuate oil and some juices and
waters and stuff it's been a fantastic
piece parachute operational combine
doing this there wasn't a single engine
room hi-ho hi-ho it's off home we go
we've just had food is that Anna's car
no the old bean honey
what does require what am I just like
sitting there what's why do you need
these automatic self-driving returning
hard like a button just like he's back
to you let's go back to the zebra
or zebra zebra zebra Zed or Z like I
said if comments type in Z Z is AZ what
do you say I know I confused myself
zebra z x y&z x y and z you say weirdo
oh geez you're a jockey coming the lads
in the car
Oh Halloween flowers Spooky's groceries
any plans oh they're nice plans we go
this way or we are this way we go this
way we gotta say we go to say we gotta
say which way which way which way which
way which way which way and follow mommy
way knowing what do we need to get did
you bring the list was it what's on the
list
you haven't got a list oh no what have
to make it up as we go along we should
give the kids just before a bad time we
should give him the rock star our super
sour energy drink imagine I don't even
know what would happen Oh even know what
happened if you has am boy you want one
what about the Spinneys want the
spinnies let's go
the dead did did is that the shopping
dance yeah this is your daughter Waldo
Oh daughter so cute where no turn a hand
what are you put me in enough hey it's
not real white oh no look it's okay what
you like this skeleton man ah I mean
yeah who's this no scary-looking uh well
not for me no not for you know Bardo and
we are going home oh we're not going
home where we go where are we going you
want you want mommy your mommy to drive
you home
your mommy both pictures on her phone
pictures of daddy how are you I do
games on my phone
dick mommy's car because it's a whole
lot easier with the double doors or the
four doors double doors thing every car
has double doors so the kids are in back
i sat down in the couch and I was like
how are you sit here watching TV have a
cup of tea eat some Vicky's and I said
no hello I was like no man get off your
lazy ass you'll get some results so I
came out and did I'm a serious that
situation did it like four is it there
is it like four ninety four times
burpees were made by the devil whoever
invented burpees he hated humanity it
was worth it though I'm glad I got off
my lazy ass and came out here and did it
but I just didn't wanted kids asleep it
was so peaceful and nice and happy but I
feel like I'm happy I did stop flowers
later almost here say hi OMA for the
power of Internet she's in our sitting
room our kitchen we are in here we are
locked in here
the kids were acting the maggots to
tantrums or whatever it's also between
me a thing and they call it a tree
nature a tree nature it's when a tree
year old yep acts all crazy see a tree
teenager
that's the media's right now oh she's
mad it was like he was having likes in
front of a tantrum thing screaming and
crying she was at all time she was
having some sort of a tantrum thing
screaming and crying like I was actually
just sitting here in the middle of
children just like or am I suppose even
do so we've negotiated duardo gets to
have Rapunzel and meeting myself for
doing a puzzle wow you're really good at
puzzles
seriously we need to sign you up to
Menzer or something
is this normal that a trainer old can do
this
it's a Sunday night you know what that
means homework the homework that you got
on Friday
you said yourself I'm gonna do it as
soon as I get home you get home and
you're like tries to exam all these
other day Saturday comes you like all
the time the loves piece of whoopie play
some football down the lies will stab
you wake up Sunday morning you're like
uh homework
I'll do it straightaway so there boom
it's Sunday night yeah I bet you're
having dinner right here and you have to
do your homework I think his eyes
shining never leave your homework Sookie
some good a dongle it on is that enough
come here to me now come here cantina
this is me son me Thunder by God we only
let the son of a gun this is the girl me
daughter
we don't her oh my god no son-of-a-gun
me Tasha Martin another era this is my
life I love it I love so much what I'm
sorry guy you're amazing okay well we
have to go have a Bart lads
no yeah unfortunately we must go have a
back so we must be our friends farewell
say five friends slang that's the best
you can do Wow okay why don't why no
where are you say bye friends bye
friends bye friends thanks for watching
this video presentation we're now boys
rollin in free of thoughts or looks like
we're going to bed okay
and we have reached the end of the video
my friends it is time to bid you
farewell and thus far if you've enjoyed
yourself if you like put on leave an old
comment if you will and subscribe if
you're a new friend to the show and you
know what we'll do it all again tomorrow
I must be off
I must go into London because I'm
filming with a very famous Hollywood man
today very exciting very exciting war
together see you tomorrow bye
