I can't wait for Christmas
and the lads
yeah
good morning les yeah give morning
Eduardo with your lightsaber and always
matching pajamas again and we are
watching the new Olaf movie and it is
currently snowing Oh on top of steel but
it's snowing ice it's actually just
started snowing
how exciting huh did you say our hellos
we haven't actually have locked in a
couple of days huh today I'm going to
try and add it up the end we couldn't
because we wanted to spend time as a
family didn't me did you want that easy
go away to his office and work or did
you want me to just sit on the couch and
watch hundreds of movies and hang out
with you guys yeah because Christmas
what's Christmas edition a family and
love oh sorry no where's the family in
love gone now huh
Eduardo love in his lightsaber it's be
taking off him at least once every hour
unless he is having life over there like
their highchair more than her other
thing but look at them all wearing it
matching pajamas you're so cute you're
so cute all of you guys huh I didn't
even know they made a new frozen movie
today is it good hey did you already see
it yeah what did you see
your mommy Evan sneaky Tommy hungry you
are they what wait a second you and
wardo and mommy all watch this together
would i daddy mean yeah somebody has to
pay the bills around here Julie maybe
someday you can pay the bills around
here okay you want to pay the bills can
you pay my telephone bill kpop fan mail
can you pay my under bills whatever
bills there's so many Bills Bills Bills
Bills
do you like bills look at your hair hey
welcome back
each fleet will dominated by the twins
and walk the songs like old
there's naturally a long history all of
these days
that has passed the ones who have left
light up the dark is really surround
talk for the future guys I look like a
crazy person
we do there so as most of you guys know
my morning routine has just been cut in
two ever since having Alessia just
having three it's just insane and
timewise I just try and cut back on as
many things as possible I don't even
wear full like makeup every single day
anymore which is buy used to but I've
just had to cut down a lot my hair as
you guys can tell well not right now but
as you guys know it's very long requires
a lot of drying time and that is the
reason why I generally tend to wash it
at nighttime mostly dry I would say it's
semi dry but it's still I don't know if
you'll be able to see wet I have got a
new toy I'm so excited
it is the Dyson supersonic look at that
pink I love the pink on it this is what
I've been using lately in the morning
time and it has caught my styling time
in half I've got on the just regular
nozzle and as you can see here at the
back there's an off on button
hopefully that sounds like my fun this
is a strength
and then this is the heat
so I'm gonna blast my hair now and then
come back it's time to
my hair is now completely dry and that
took hardly any time at all Alessia
still asleep which is great the busy mom
of three you guys know that whatever I
can do to cut down on time in the
morning for getting ready my routine
unless your naps for about half an hour
in the morning time and that's pretty
much how much time I have to get myself
ready for makeup hair all of that what I
like the most about this though is that
it's temperature controlled so that
prevents damage obviously is the Dyson
technology in this that makes it so
quick we have Dyson fans and it's not
really known for like beauty products
but I think this is the first that
they've brought out and it's got a
high-pressure powerful motor inside
which is what makes it go so fast you're
a mom of babies especially you will make
the fact that it is so quiet so it won't
probably wake your baby
although babies usually like the sound
of a hair dryer have to say it kind of
like that white noise but this is quiet
and I like the design as well I think
the design is really it just looks like
one of our fans which i think is so cool
and I love the pink of course so that's
my little mini review it's just
something that's been helping me out
when I'm rushing in the mornings and I'm
trying to get everything done it really
does help and you know from one mom to
another if you're busy like me and you
need to cut down on time and you have a
lot of hair like I do and I think this
could really help so we got a FaceTime
my sister was just using my mom's has my
mom's house in Ireland she has placing
them somewhere in the middle of the
country and my sister's down with her
kids we're all gonna line up our kids
she has three kids I have to rig it so
all six children I was too busy watching
her 17 super girls or something and
they're doing the showing all the toys
oh he got for Christmas part of their
live stream he's tied why
Oh Austin wants to show it white as all
I said that's the drone for Christmas
there where's the gun ever
you didn't you feelin the floor you
didn't feel him the drone you were
looking at your eyes not the camera yeah
what here we go we can see it now go and
pilot now Austin see how much of
grandmas Tings you can crash into Austin
Austin hit the window Austin hit grandma
Austin don't listen to Grandma
Austin higher oh my goodness guys I have
been waiting months almost a year for
this thing to arrive it's not supposed
to even arrive today I've no idea how it
arrived today but it's not you till next
year or next year but it is right right
and we're gonna look okay it's the thing
it's all supposed to be here in January
the Apple thing oh my goodness guys this
is the most exciting this is the most
exciting thing
oh my goodness guys what it's not gonna
it's not gonna be exciting for you it's
not gonna be exciting for you it's an
iMac Pro yeah yeah immediate let me
explain to you ready for this it's got
18 cores 18 cores huh it's insane it's
got a GPU more powerful than a hundred
computers well it's just it's it's an
iMac Pro but it's the most powerful
computer in the world possibly today
available today oh my goodness and I
have waited months for this thing what
it is probably also the most expensive
computer I've ever purchased okay be a
little has it's got okay do you guys
want to keep this as a little house it's
got like it's kind of like a
soundproofing has
if you are a nerd like me you'll
appreciate this thing is there a speck
it's the respect thing on the side of or
anything enumerator this year I was
shooting a film it was a virtuality kind
of experimental felt that we were
shooting we do so much post-processing
in a special-effects it was just killing
all my computers and I knew it that my
pros been coming out well could it be
released in December and then I was like
okay let her preorder one I want this to
rise I'm gonna find I got to finish my
film because I was on a what's the to or
what the processing paradin I had so
this is very exciting and I worked so
much on the current computer that I just
can't just spend so much time with that
little stupid thing pausing and this is
gonna make everything in my life better
I'm so excited I'm just just to just
scream and clarify Apple did not send me
this III pay for this I bought this
myself
this is not a review or anything like
that it's just me very excited about
probably the mum sound powerful computer
available in the market today
what door fierce and proof house thanks
Apple for sending a kids heading though
what can we do at the door it also did a
new GPU system they have on the iMac
pros runs the 5-htt system so we got a
five PC systems go with it which is
gonna help we're making a virtuality
movie to have a virtual reality and set
up what I was doing is that I was
porting from over here
she hates she might run and true and I
was running it off the PlayStation Pro
but it's just not good enough for what I
wanted to do now friends in 2018 prepare
yourself for my debut film hopefully and
faster render times had all the other
wonderful things to come of this but it
will not stop the children crying
so the kids have made use of all Z boxes
what a bed and everything Wow
an Apple Smart has huh but not another
came in this box a minute ago guys what
did we get our YouTube oh it's an
exciting day see what we got guys that's
actually pretty cool oh wait a second
look it's all our comments I think look
they cooked in antennas like me I'm
happy for you guys oh my god
loving this channels okay that is geez
well don't know look how must be
comments of some video
oh is this sharing is caring and that's
how you made some extra poster for you
to share with your fans as well well
what kinda sharpie
oh look at this guys when you look back
in China you've created we're in all the
videos you've made in relationships you
feel that your fans and these
connections what make youtube thrive oh
that's so nice
isn't that so cool huh
Vivian is a a person in YouTube for so
it's in here no way they've actually
given two posters all right guys leave
comments what you guys thinks we should
do I think we have em I think we have to
get we've got the loader needs to give
away now team Danny and Eduardo are on a
mission we're about wearing matching
comfy look it's comfy clothes day it's
international comfy clothes day comfy
clothes and dirty car day or my goodness
brother okay 30 are Cara's hmm did you
do that she made that his car so dirty
can't even see the widow's it's so dirty
Eduardo all right so not your head has
happened probably because we ate it all
we've rented and supplies and milk and
foods and drinks and everything up we're
starving to that if we're not gonna make
it look you and me that's you and me
that's you and that's me
what look you'd be an earless let's get
into Morrison's okay let's get some
supplies
we're already out this morning roller
skating yeah she's trying to convince me
to put on those rollerblades which I
have not yet done because it will be the
death of me my friends is having this
not the time they'll have to take a
roller blading oh but I will do it for
the vlog because I know you love to see
- yeah the despise at me the prize
despise not sure let's go mister that's
coach you wanna you know trolley we're
not getting that many things mmm which
one you want to go in this one look good
yeah this one all right
oh look at all open for you what's the
best most absorbent
I mean we don't need one of them again
we got one of them last time
look they're decent there's plenty of
these ones should have plenty and that
isn't her plenty right there
all right on your pop get us everybody
sick nothing no place is empty huh right
of1 must be poorly okay Darnell don't
tell mommy okay about the kinder eggs
but she she will Steve she with her
magic mummy has magical powers she knows
everything
oh no our Dell or a big trouble
do you know that you are my favorite
blue-eyed blonde-haired baby and I have
do you know much huh you were you know
that my favorite boy baby I have a brown
rice girl and a blue eyes girl and a
brown eyed boy
do do do do do do do do do do DDT mr.
fan Martin's gonna need to improve his
pawn and song look at those eyes don't
look at her eyes I see look here okay
you're striking strike ball no one's
ever get my eyes alright some people
were like oh maybe they'll change from
blue to green they're not they're
striking blue aren't they here's the
Anna's sister Emma's eyes they're like
their piercing amazing amazing eyes
unfortunately they did not turn green
either so I think I'm just not gonna
have that kid it's the only way just but
that what if that's not green I'll just
keep going keep going
70 children later I want my green eyes
baby
no in a day another possible sick child
but look at this thing they built it
their toothbrushes and everything in
there is the as soundproofing so that
was at the YouTube box thing came in had
like that stuff as well
yourself put him there fourth building
chair turn what just gonna check it me
and I see yeah do you want to try see a
nice your likes ish I know that your
turn that's what it does come on mister
all good in one air
okay now we're gonna check the other air
maybe it may be a little dollop of cow
coffee okay
do you he's dead cow ball prepare for
your fourth
oh okay okay and that is the reason why
you don't play with lightsabers Emilia
was not harmed in the making of that
video are you we're doing our disco
dance with the lightsabers and Eduardo
chopped your head off to me you know I
took I actually did you it was very
funny it was a lot of fun but yeah so I
think we should get lots of different if
we get like a resolution don't I'm in it
I made it
anyway come here come here to me wheeze
in this video oh listen to me what have
we got a red lightsaber right and we
have night time we could like we could
basically remake Star Wars in our
bedroom Oh what we made what if we said
to the drug that this someone's blood
has comes out with the food light saver
goodbye thanks Marcia days with your
friends I hope you jet give it no like I
didn't hit the old bell button so you
don't miss upcoming videos subscribe
early a couple of more days of 2017 left
and in 2018 fresh new year new you new
tubes and excitements and opportunities
no goodness I gotta go and save this
trial I'll see you guys tomorrow thanks
for watching goodbye
