what kind of an emergency do we have
what's that
that's a poo oh is it safe okay so what
do we do here
we need to new we need to use our
imagination is that gonna keep it in
there okay ready you lift it up I'll put
it on mr. right cool
what what is this
then we did it you did it
imagination this here let me just rub
that in there oh that's nice
what's the writer down you havin a
picnic imaginary picnic and is it here
getting ready to shoot some s'more
making cupcakes then a pasty there
besides of them let's have more see that
see that do you want to have more babies
do you want to have more baby CDs you're
giving why you place away yeah now we're
playing hide and seek
pumpkin manda pumpkin man does wherever
person's cast rockin man pumpkin man are
you the pumpkin man are you a pumpkin
princess
again
so we've got something exciting to tell
you so I've always tell the media about
imagination because HP got in touch with
us and they said Jonathan your creative
imagination or people would you like to
be involved in a creative imagination
project okay and it must work all right
anyway we're in a book lads we have a
book we've done it we successfully
created a book this is the page that we
created in the book how cool is this so
this is the little fella here and the
whole whole point of the thing is never
run out of imagination HP instant ink
which is pretty cool because their whole
thing about HP instant ink is that it
actually never runs out of ink it orders
ink itself ready yeah so the idea is
like you never run out of ink Oh
a renowned of blurriness yeah so and
part of collaboration with the HP
instant ink is that they developed this
book and they asked us would be
interested in writing a page in the book
and this is really cute it is really
cute it's bad this little ad here
Harrison Harrison & Harrison has an
imagination but I think I don't want no
spoilers
I think Harrison's imagination is fading
mm-hmm Fornell Harrison I think it's
fading so this is our page where what do
you think we should you ask Harrison but
there's no reply Hugo has vanished and
all by one by one we just really said oh
and one by one so do all his friends
it's kind of the same thing for there
I'm gonna leave the link down below yeah
hope you guys enjoy it I think it's cute
letter we created a little page in a
little kids book though and I think it's
cool that you can get HP instinct my job
because you know what the kids are like
with my printer thing they like to sit
there and anything imagine it like
automatically ordered the ink winner
right oh yeah I think Harrison actually
drops the ink that's big puss oh no such
thing have you seen this unicorn we're
going to come up with the page ideas
we're like why didn't we get the saddest
page why aren't we the Grinch's I had to
explain to him about his imagination
yeah it's good though
it's good you sure you check it out he's
so cute but I definitely promote
imagination in the children you know I
had a crazy active imagination as a kid
did you i had imaginary friends they're
gone though she's really sad oh my
goodness it's me he's my life my
imaginary friends are gone and it's
really sad I missed them
well we could have like an imaginary
friend for your whole life wouldn't it
oh that's why they invented the internet
me gets himself ready okay you want to
beat this up punch it punch it as hard
as you can what you need to learn too
that you need to learn to defend
yourself Amelia so the boys come up to
you like to like oh yo know you kiss me
all right you ready what you see you're
telling me you want to kiss boys so what
you're telling me you go boom boom boom
okay we came here for the light breeze
to bring this in for mommy
boom she can do a bacon video
careful don't touch it though what's
upside down upside down a nigga I know
now why is there a marshmallow in your
hands but can I even watch my opens next
getting the hands down and up
oh you do a marshmallow distributor yeah
alright it's according now all right
let's get ready ready we done here now
to your daughter
oh it looks like a footballer looking
like who's her Spanish premier league
footballer with the point now here
Fabio Oh actually Eduardo Eduardo
already
eduarda Oh No is that your daughter
wardo yeah so media won't wear a
ponytail Eduardo will are you a princess
your princess mommy are you princess
mommy who is that money which means
mommy
which one's mommy say you got mommy
daddy
Amelia Eduardo and the doggies the
doggies has an attorney pick for you
why do you get the wrong color bow on we
cannot all our kids from our different
bows so we know their names or zina well
I think the zina is maybe the orange one
I might use checking out look I've got a
little Appel mic on it's really good and
it's a rode mic so I'm working on this
video project on Monday I'm kinda half
terrified about doing it because like
commuters doing it's working with like a
proper a Lester Hollywood actor I know
which is nuts because it came up but
it's like a g4 just Graham and she's
like look there's an opportunity do you
want to work with this guy and I was
like yes oh my god nuts you know can say
so I had a video idea I wanted to do on
my other channel you know and then it's
just this opportunity came around like
this is insane this is insane that I'm
doing this the cool thing is I will vlog
it on one day as well so you guys are
get to meet this this it's a gentleman
well it's not very gentle but I don't
know say I'll leave it as a surprise I
think I could tell you if I wanted to I
think but I'll leave it as a surprise
the surprise a surprise guest on Mondays
block well you'll be watching it on
Tuesday but I actually kind of half
terrified to do it you know it's in
different Jessica was like you know what
because it scares me sign me up for it
because it's scaring me you know it's
like sometimes it's like if something
terrifies you
you should totally do it because it
terrifies you and then you'll do it and
then you'll realize what you're capable
of because if you don't do it you'll
never actually realize what you're
capable of I made I may fail this
miserably but this is cool like
imaginative lots we had radio mics in
the vlogs like okay princess Elsa you
need to put your DVD in the computer
sorry
Queen Elsa come on over this way Queen
Elsa you have to learn okay
Queen Elsa of arendelle come over here
look you need to press this button you
need to
there's a button wait wait what's in
there take pop out put the Croods in
give me papa
give me Papa okay you slide it up like
this and then push it in well done
okay doesn't look like autoplay is
working oh this is not frozen you
understand that oh what's this
will we play it it sucks good okay okay
I think we got it
you ready yeah is that gonna go away
though no it is right quiet huh huh let
me source that problem hello friends
we're making chili we're not reading
well we kinda are making tacos with
little hint of the chili and then Anna
has requested vegetables I know
watch Court Rule 52 beef their lanterns
in to check off cuz its tackle Thursday
there are Thursday Thursday taciturn
nuts that's good that's me chop it
got it snowballs cannon tonight
I'm this world search this is this
situation here
dinner's ready
and I have lost her mind
Eduardo is sitting on his behind me I
was watching the sneaks of the creeks or
something are you still in there you
still watching your kooky movie do you
want some dinner Kruk do you want some
dinner no well we watch the rest of it
later just give it a little old sausage
OOP
pause it don't pause who's not having
any cake do you want some tacos Oh Jack
time and you don't use that Forks
anybody
Oh taco Tom took a time take your time
you guys want cheese on your tacos let
me know to come up with it what's
happening is everyone safe tell me about
it what happened in this new one the
blue one yeah yeah the blue one was
saved all right
hey I know Joel we should do she's a
good back and then go ready for bed what
do you think would not be fun and that'd
be fun wardo yeah
weirdo save my friends maybe say bye
friends we have to say it better than
wardo Warner did it better that was more
adequate mm-hm
we can't be slipping out the friendliest
heard the goodbyes are becoming
competitive for now oh my goodness what
you see tomorrow's vlog as in like what
I saw him this morning
Eduardo said morning friends ah Nazis
grown apart it'll add a little son of a
gun
whichever ready make another one J'son
whoever tato you know and uh no totally
shouldn't good I'll see you guys
tomorrow thanks for watching the video
leave a nice comment hit yo like button
subscribe if you're new because you
don't want to miss out because like
every day you gotta go when you gotta
search for it oh you can just press
subscribe and boom it's in your cell box
that's its it's easier it's an easier
solution goodbye
