good morning friends
good morning Amelia good morning no it's
very cold isn't it it's a winter's morn
you say winter's morn you won't say
winter's morn right this instant we're
going to school we're looking like fools
home to Drew I'm going to drop you out
of the tree - what hold this mommy and
daddy went to a concert last night
yeah mommy and daddy was singing and
dancing hmm it's not too fun uh-oh your
seats upside down your seats upside down
enemy now what's going on here
here's this upside down
oh my goodness they can watch using the
floor anyway let's go huh Brits car gone
what I imagine mattress right I'm off to
get something else oh let me tell you no
no I don't know let me let me think
about should I tell you or not
that was a girl if I was a girl if I
what am I not your girl just anyone at
lunch any warning but it's not it's
Sunday morning okay
let's go pick up this item this item I
could change our lives forever but it's
just just I don't know this is this mind
these kids might even make the block one
I got the quarter of the toothpaste the
peanuts
and something else the bags you know
we're at the bags in the UK cuz in
Ireland we actually the bag things that
no plastic bag thing came in like a long
time ago like maybe four or five years
ago now maybe even longer than that
leave seven or eight years ago it's been
a long time since and you got a plastic
bag from a shop in Ireland
I know it's just come into the UK and
it's would be funny if you're like oh my
god it's like this chassis back I'm like
oh I'm already good for this we're
actually good I noticed though oh my god
think I Sonny it is you know it's like
super sunny like this but it's like
winter time so it's freezing cold but
it's really sunny and white like that
like that the doggies are on the outside
all our children are gone school why
doesn't my Academy it's like he's no
children anymore
so and I took the test did you pass your
test
no no what happened last month this is
why I got a because work we're like six
days over I think your cycles broken
maybe you don't have one anymore
six days over and get a new lego text
and then you start taking oh wait a
second
maybe like right maybe already just beat
these dogs you think like maybe maybe
their test is wrong you know and then he
go and we would last last month you went
as far as 12 days
/ hey hey hey what's the barking for
nuts what's the parking for come on
everyone twelve days over last time and
we got nothing we got no we got no prize
prize at the end so annoying
what so now we're six days in and so far
the tests are saying no but then these
are come for wait a second I know it
takes like ten days to get an accurate
result or somewhere I don't know I don't
know quite come on this is the
frustration that's come on let's go
inside inside inside make lovely target
is inside inside school or one of these
new self-driving cars and stuff my
teachers program collecting media the
car drives up she hops in drives home
lads Tony keep an eye out for that
Malia looks like a fool
did you drool in school like a fool or
why are you cool no huh Jeff Lynn in
school today
careful careful commute yes
how we going how's it going did you have
fun in school today
did you have violin school today who do
it if you guys quickly eyes and you got
googly eyes
do you cook liaise Google eyes you so
funny hey what's this I hear pretty
school Christmas sing-along preschool
performing Christmas songs in the garden
so cool oh that's not like fun you know
its own pink day that's cool
cool huh you excited for that hmm no no
no we got her from the car give it to
him well yeah see he's a sheriff's isn't
he Oh pet no no all pets oh my goodness
look at what I got for Amelia and
Eduardo and Sarah I'm so excited oh I'm
probably gonna do a haul video this
candelabras like stressing me out so
much I think I need to send it back
because this thing doesn't really like
fit properly anyway I think I'm gonna do
a haul on my channel so if you want to
see what I got for them for its like a
Halloween kind of clothing haul because
they have a section on Halloween and
they have like the cutest look like let
me show you a little sneak preview so
you I'm so excited to put them in these
clothes for in New York boys an awful
thing there we go look how cute that is
so check out my channel if you want to
see everything that I got because you
won't want to miss it they're so
adorable
okay guys Anna has been working on a
super secret project is very exciting
but the people that are also working on
a super
your project are based in Germany but
the project is based on Anna's Italian
roots yeah right so the project is
basically it is complicated well you
can't talk partly right well just she
just had a big conference call and it's
like so connected it's so weird it's
like you know when stuff happens and
it's like a series of coincidences but
then you're like I isn't that can't be a
coincidence like that has to be like the
thing that I'm working on has a big part
to do in fact like mostly to do with my
dad that's why I'm not saying the thing
until my dad's birthday which you may or
may not know I don't you know but it
would be a big channel video on your
channel announcing it on his birthday
basically so it's largely to do with him
then the whole project is kind of like
linked with Germany which is where my
grandmother is from and then the guy
speaking to on the phone he gets
introduced to me his name it's Tim which
is the name of my grandpa on my mum's
side so it's like all connected so I'm
speaking to a man in Germany with the
same name as Mike so in Germany the
country that my granny is from who has
the same name as the man she was married
to about something to do with my dad
like it's so weird it's like fate so
connected okay lads I don't know if you
see this or not this again I don't know
if I made something really stupidly wind
or I made something funny but I like
this guy he's kind of funny and there's
a team forming here and I think I'm just
gonna let it flow okay I'll leave a link
down below watch the video see you guys
think
yes weirdo did you call me mister man is
it dinner time
did mommy say to call me yeah mommy's at
the calendar wider than the calendar
hey don't you learn the Kongers what are
you a mommy oh well when did you become
a mummy oh did you see the poor thing
people look did you see these the
 people so I made that up there
it leads me to the meetup Oh is there a
rainbow here wool I see the rain I don't
see the bow yes look at the doggies so
what you cooking good looking it smells
a bit fishy no huh oh I like that scarf
it's nice oh I like that
oh I like this I'm just princess please
spare me with
no good which is for a change
oh I'm a monster and I've gotten an ax
oh my goodness Queen out I'm so sorry
off you go I was looking for Anna aha
now I've got Princess Anna princess
eduarda oh geez I'm telling mom you
better fix it is frozen frozen frozen in
there oh I knew I do so why I got new
pyjamas did you get new pyjamas as well
so queen who cream ouch Queen Elsa of
arendelle wow that's like a big
boyfriend t-shirt type thing in it oh
sorry it's a princess one no go do you
have them do you have a boyfriend
didn't your boyfriend what do you have a
girlfriend named Mina do you want a
brother or his sister that was like a
process a process she's very a very
politically correct here a process
all right Gabi yes okay say bye friends
my friend Amelia save my friends do you
want to see Wow Wow scissors scissors oh
can I cut your nail cut your feet off
okay okay very cutely give it a give
Amelia hugging the kiss okay right oh
yeah I mean kissing a car I love you she
gets very upset if he doesn't say love
you know excuse me you know what's going
on hey I know all right
say night-night Amelia let's go there
you go
okay come on let's go let's get out of
here I'll see you tomorrow friends
thanks for watching see bye friends bye
friends
oh my goodness our children are too cute
too cute calm that's even a thing
anyway if you're if you're still hungry
for more entertainment friends you can
go on over and you can check out the
video that I made yesterday featuring my
best friend Zoe look who turns out to be
my girlfriend
or you can go and watch Anna's video
which is over in her channel or you can
go ahead and get yourself calendar with
so many options for you to do friends
anyway thank you for watching today's
video give it no like I leave an old
comment subscribe if you're new and I'll
see you tomorrow
