rainy morning Milo's Morrow is covered
in with legs
Oh careful there now Oh careful
it's an odd space you found to run
around in here
or don't you know kind of inebriated
don't pull that
oh there lies drew up here without her
she's what's that thing I just got from
all fear of missing area huh
you did good boom oh that's not help in
our case let's go get our sister
Oh your sister not my sister you waiting
okay
princess Elsa hello princess Elsa Queen
Elsa welcome upstairs
Brno for five minutes you have a five
minute pass five minute Hall Pass give
me your hold on let me see why those
them did you get her hands what hey
listen I tried to spit okay mm-hmm you
bet these bits rolled up here though now
now you can do princess Elsa and why
does the man from Del Monte so we just
did pigtails they looked really cute and
maybe they look so cute but I mean he
doesn't like she knows I think she just
doesn't like the feeling of it in her
hair this all right here let's put your
boat and then come on from any guys
ducks here you go you are mm-hmm maybe
she wears see-through 100 how would she
have a thanks yes her socks or like
sparkly one did you ask mommy was she
feeling better today she does
oh we're talking about this but it's
getting long down so you have to yeah
yeah you didn't get long hair I mean
yeah your headphones
I need a ready word oh my no it's your
turn your turn
can you promise me that you'll mind your
brother while I go down to the spooky
basement yeah okay you wait there okay
you look after your brother okay I'm
going to call you okay okay okay okay
and we've got me bucket
we've got more now we change the garage
a little bit Wow huh isn't this cool
I'll come with spacers in here now isn't
it so much better
yeah yeah I get too hard and the pianos
out here I'm looking for some sellotape
yeah there's my friend that's my friend
I used to sell tape to stick this thing
on neither day oh there it is
well got we got it let's go come up
let's go and hang up our we're hanging
up these little ghosts and bats and
spiders huh
Oh fantastic it's a bit chewed come on
I'm gonna help us hang ups and stuff I
know cuz I left him all right since
you're hanging up here the kitties those
spidery things we are going to do some
trick-or-treat training
this isn't rickety welcome to
trick-or-treat training okay wait you go
alright you have to knock on the door
and say trick-or-treat
okay ready okay knock in the door hello
Oh what well did no wrong no I give you
things yeah that's how it works
you've lost your brother look at him
he's running down the road playing with
traffic come here to me okay okay let's
go again
all right trick-or-treating take two
okay me and wider will show you how it's
done
so give me a pocket no no we stay here
wardo give me bucket okay toasted rocky
borrow a bucket you take that one wardo
I'll take the big one okay lock the door
Oh storm we're not gonna die no no no
okay ready now trick or treat
no you don't take the sweeties you give
sweeties to us oh boy okay wait are you
gonna take you trick or treat to us I
don't know if she understands it is
right okay ready
hello oh thank you no you're not
supposed to eat half of the sweet and
then give me a half eat the sweet okay
I'm not
do not call to Amelia's house on
Halloween because you're gonna get
half-eaten sweet Oh
wardo did you just do yeah are they wet
oh boy we're just gonna close the
darkness posted or you can meet a house
owner
yeah
and see she's not working out very well
okay
we'll all be out here wooly okay we
knock in this person's house okay okay
you've got the buckets don't lock us out
back into the house and time today let
me see if I can get my hand in okay
what's why they're doing so I guess
we're living here now spider web we
really ran to you trick-or-treating boy
ready kick good boy good boy that was a
witty good one oh I was kicking it can
you kick it back to our dough can you
kick it to each other
you're gonna have your first game of
football no she's lost interest Oh Oh
get it get it get it oh he's down ref
ref call the ref
oh no they're broken now ready give it a
kick or no dropkick you way you want to
play with us no no no no you're too much
to do since that teo is a great a
footballer things actio is a footballer
oh it's okay I mean yeah playing
football with tio you ready we give us a
seal any deal okay good good good good
Oh better fight another field a princess
okay
but I'm playing football at wardo kick
it right out we're not in line wide open
curious give him I kind of way oh that
was a bad move that was a bad move haha
she was like I'll hide behind dad that's
good I was a bad move my friend okay
open this up oh we're being followed
we're being followed Halloweeny is there
and she's down for the count class one
climb aboard tayo board by the ward cut
you up
oh my honey coward
I gotta raise the bed remember that's
the back first wins he's up here hi I
thought you're gonna be more scared than
that I brought it a loving thing nice
nice nice nice for a Nike
I don't worry
like the coins off flies lay their eggs
it was like accident
he did it he won them all the time so I
need to get like a strong one a stronger
one maybe yeah maybe it's not having
good an effect he sure couldn't happen
after the fact who was it who is it
who's gonna warn me poo
Nevaeh she's always the problem one and
she's the one like I'll be on the V are
you excited to see how the dog who needs
tomorrow imagine somebody brings a
Malamute hey for watching some Rooskies
whose favorite who loves this Sofia
loves it
Shay a Shan Shan lights alright come
here to me it's you know what time it is
do you know what time it is though now
what you want me to carry you up do you
want to piggyback up or if you want to
fly up get up there go get your brother
we are family
hmm
we are foundational Warda all right
let's get here's the media save my
friends Edoardo save my friends say bye
friends that's you bye friends and I'll
see some of you tomorrow which is today
endured so we're gonna leave it like 6
a.m. tomorrow morning how cool is that
picture lads look at that look at all
those pictures that are there I don't
know which videos it is I can't see the
Twitter handle so don't we know who made
it but someone tweeted to me and it's so
cool-looking anyway I gotta go gotta be
short because it's super late night we
gotta leave super early in the morning
thanks for watching today's video I hope
you enjoyed it give us know like if
you'd something you've got a good time
even ice comment subscribe if you're new
every subscription helps and I'll see
you guys tomorrow good bye
