good morning friends good morning Amelia
well let's say like today the water say
goodbye to you that's very nice of wardo
one in French right we were up so early
this morning because Ana had to starve
herself and is going for searching today
we're ready we're all right we're hoping
everything will be okay
they probably will I don't think not
today it is very cold today
x marks the spot he's going to San
Francisco I think no oh you're gonna get
homework today homework on Fridays oh I
got you something
and then you was you would like for me
and a red mommy I was going to London
with mommy that's okay
you are thumbs up but Jax Laos
oh ye wider than E yeah he's 20 months
get a number it's a number and a letter
e yes I mean we have both a look I'm a
picker cuz I like number three you're
number three
yeah so you're a big E I'm art of the
little II know it hey I like a tiny
little tiny weasel oh I need a hook e
I'm one of you oh hey a biggie
yeah whoa that's a big one huh yeah but
what country always a teeny tiny data
wardo yeah - do you miss water when
you're at school but I should tiny make
oh hey tiny bit
is your own tiny little e okay thank you
yeah
no school oh my goodness I kid outweigh
any water gets home what's that I oh
it's so funny like it does that actually
go all the way over his head or is that
a hat no that goes on his head like I'm
neither I hold in it no his face goes in
here ah I can see now yeah
it's so cute all right so who are we
missing now we got everyone Oh alex is
one I mean so I'm yeah so amelia is
gonna Elsa right yeah thank you she
wouldn't allow even though you should
probably be Elsa with no cuz me and your
United BM Kristoff and Anna they're a
couple so it actually makes sense
which one is Kristoff which one's hands
hands is the bad one oh so hands with
Anna snow but our hands was an Anna yeah
he isn't a beginning but but he's bad
he's evil
so I'm gonna has the arranger yea-ah
I'll make sense now that's why you're
like a nice person
Oh is he wanted those guys at the start
boo boo boo boo boo oh I didn't know
that oh I'm a nice man
I'm a nice Ice Man oh look a no Q I like
when there's like his first I saw this I
was like oh it's very light I'm so fun
over oh I hope there's somewhere to go
in New York of course that will be can
you trick or treat in New York though
yeah but what we're in the city of New
York though yeah Radhika said that you
could just go to shops and stuff because
what would people do that using the city
like because it's all isn't it all
apartments and stuff
I don't know New Yorkers leave us some
comments let us know to cook that you
shop okay cool I'm so excited and new
you're like in America for Halloween
like guys the Americans know how to do
Halloween have you ever seen oh no no
I've been for at Thanksgiving I was in
Connecticut for Thanksgiving
whatever oh yeah yeah those in
California though wasn't it
Baltimore sorry he did one year in
California uh oh you didn't do a
Halloween hi so Baltimore's like here
isn't it like it's winter and cold and
stuff no one knows how winters oh yeah
yeah yeah but it's dark and stuff
excited have I seen hocus-pocus
what the hell is hocus-pocus have you
seen the most folks still you know put
to the bed
have you seen uh focus but soon all
right
we are at the hospital hotel new boobs
and I told me tuck that's what I signed
joke or oh when it wouldn't have you out
I'll be like can you make a few other
changes while you're out of labs come
out with giant boobs like I am the I
feel like a more nervous because while
you're out I'm the one that has to sit
here and like wait you know
yeah what I know I noticed it was as
though what we do it's a real quick
thing I'm like what else we do know
everybody
it's gotta kill up the kids soon marry
here we're filling in forms and checking
out taking in actually taking ah yeah
Dennis your brother polkadot pink
Maternity think this is such a nice add
nice place though yeah don't pay the
people already nice here and all this is
cool yeah little letter buff or
something oops
that is just broken it so pretty yes
they were like talking about you know
having babies inside without liking and
today we're in here getting a juiced
sort of feels like we can interfere
something check this out lads special
socks special surgery sucks one of the
one of the forms to have the tickle is
like is true possibility you could be
pregnant right yes so that's the girls
like puts the powders like oh we will
test and is your name I try come back
and like that's your pregnancy reveal in
the hospital like yeah okay the boys are
like yeah yeah okay so you are so you
know you're pregnant right
like part wait hold on oh yeah like
they'd holes in the bottom can you just
check the instructions how your action
you choose instructions in the bin
auntie sucks single measurement yeah
look the thing goes
central sucks there you go the
instructions and I got a go in the
health and collecting media below the
knee yeah they're going in collecting
media but then on your back I'll throw
it back before and I go - I'm to apply
knee and then hopefully we'll have a
special and after the dentist video yeah
that's obvious like I was like can I
calm and you still owe me an ax after
the anesthetic it was real loopy mmm
fancy alright hopefully Anna is okay in
there it seemed really nice hospital
life you know so I think she will be
okay I got I'll collect Amelia Oh
probably gonna be a few minutes late but
it should be okay Oh like I know it's
phony worse for her because she's the
one he's going under channel I said I
can tough it out but I'm not going under
general anaesthetic I'm the one that is
gonna be awake worrying about her you
know I know it's silly but Anna is my
world you know she's the most important
person in the world to me and I par I
love my children as well you know but
sounds very important to me so I'll be
ready
I'll worry about it you know I do love
her but luckily for you guys you don't
have to actually waste a few hours you
can just it's gonna either cut two at
the most it's gonna be for you is like
16 minutes so you have to wait like I
have to wait you're so lucky
two minutes time hope I'm not the last
bearethere night when you're the last
parent and their kids on their own you
feel like the bad parent was hopefully
would make it Piketty made it in time to
collect the media we consider line for
your sake so many boys in your class
tonight yeah so many cry oh so many
goodbyes yeah cuz everyone's saying
goodbye at the same time huh just been
seen by the anesthesiologist a bit
Belize it and
I'm so scared I'm like freaking out this
is why I could never get plastic surgery
ever because I freaked out for like the
smallest thing looks like it's just
getting my wisdom teeth out but because
I'm being put to sleep I'm like
panicking I was like crying a minute ago
I think being loved makes it like so
much makes everything scarier you just
overthink everything so I just texted my
mom oh boy Amelia who's that who's that
that olap my answer question yeah look
at all of give Olaf a hug oh that's got
a nose in summer then you get it you get
your own Olaf now okay he's not a toy
don't you eating Olaf don't eat that's
what spend us on our way is that the
name of that horse okay so Anna is
currently what ah if you don't I don't
wear this watch every single day and if
I don't wear it slows down so it's kind
about four half four o'clock Anna just
texted me she's gone in the knees
tellers just come to bed but well she's
been gone all day lads we've done ah
isn't this so cool huh
is she gonna be so happy when she sees
this look I got this thing to add to
hang the bikes the to time sitting on
earth but look how good this looks the
gym area thing oh my goodness this looks
so amazing you know every by this was
you know about this was it's gonna be
happy she survived you know so cool just
add the surgery I feel like a groggy
hamster I think that's the best way to
like a describe this feeling I can't eat
well pop me out of there I have been
given some water no food yet so hungry
bar I don't know anything like eating is
not make sense
hello we're delicious you ready you
ready you ready paper huh hey say get
well soon mommy hi what a media sake get
well soon mommy and I'll show mommy this
I know but I have to go and see if
mommy's okay mommy was in the hospital
because she had to get her teeth Poulet
yeah so will you say get well soon mommy
I was loud enough I reckon
Lucky's home we're not home do you get
one of these in beds at home for you now
oh hi did something funny like you're on
drugs
I'm not alright no I was like that
teacher with the dentist like eyes with
some tiaras wearing the thing and it was
like you're going to be so out of it
like your YouTube videos and then I came
out and I was like it was a big deal
it was like I just say say is this real
life and then be like David I let the
dentist yeah it's crazy you were saying
how fast it is that's mad like I don't
know if he I would be terrified I would
be terrified I wouldn't do it
I wasn't wise there was before going
down yeah it's the waving part yeah god
that's where my anxiety is the most
intense because it's like the unknown
you don't know what's gonna happen and
you're just waiting you're like we
should just come in and do it you know I
know we're checking out it's a bit more
is presentable now you look good
everybody even walking everything yeah
my face is like it's just funny cuz
there's like there's like patches of
makeup and patches of non makeup for
days like stuck things on to you and
stuff it looks really funny wait if you
had an Elsa shoe and who else is that a
Sofia shoe
where's theatre Oh we sharing look we
have a homework done that was a homework
for this week is make a lease thing well
oh there oh I love these shoes
oh hello Elsa how are you doing Queen
Elsa that's Amelia's Queen face do your
Queen Elsa face do your queen outer face
stay away hi wardo where does the
princess - princess
Eduardo Oh having trouble with the old
slip and slides walking on heels is a
full-time job Pardo I couldn't do it
myself
mom's on drugs oh yeah any good stuff
hmm they're pretty pretty hardcore oh
whoa
monster whatever monster chased you in
heels oh right that is gonna wear them
they do fit on me that is your shoes
yeah okay here here here
jeepers drama queen elsa huh a drama
queen elsa alright let's get out of here
say bye friends would you say is that as
loud as you can say goodbye friends say
bye friends bye friends bye friends
and now we have come to that time of the
day we call at the end of the video it's
time for you to go away and think about
what you have watched and maybe leave a
comment at the like button and subscribe
thanks friends for watching the videos
only the die hardest most loyal as fans
have come to this part of the video
everyone else look like that together
whatever whatever man you guys are still
here you're my best friends you're my
best friend and I hope enjoyed video
give it know like the comments and
subscriptions are always greatly
appreciated and you know what sure I'll
make another one tomorrow good bye
