good morning friends the bins are sorted
they've been taking this morning but
look what I got
Oh snarf snarf see if I can fit past
here
hey when that happens but the guy said
he came at 7:00 a.m. I'm off at 7:00
a.m. it's not like the kind of thing
that you miss and a doggy for this whole
everybody oh I've been something wrong
what's that the calendars because I have
the calendars let's not start today's
video open day so I'm queen
no sorry I'm Princess Anna I've been
told and Amelia's Queen Elsa can I see
Queen Elsa Mari shape oh wow pretty girl
was it a wig us oh I'm not gonna take it
out now
Oh Anna really it's really good quality
we're takin it's really good quality
that's something okay um so I don't want
a racket but I got an Anna costume guess
what I've been probably myself so I was
like I came in as like I'm Anna and then
I'm like hi I'm Anna that's a bit weird
but anyway we're making cupcakes today
oh thank you okay Anna where did you
find this two one go say hi guys hi guy
media is helping us set up our kitchen
age today we are baking pear and toffee
cupcakes duck in the box
hey everybody hide I could probably fit
in there actually what happened what
happened yeah can't do nice yeah sorry
ah have I been barred okay when you tape
it up
now get the clubhouse yeah the compounds
why don't wink at a clubhouse wow you
two covers you can close the doors look
close the doors of your Clubhouse see
and then when someone knocks on the door
hello you can come in word oh oh I think
we're just gonna close up the doors
they're closing the doors or Popeye's
you can come in oh yeah that's good I
want to go in the clubhouse
wow man Hey look can I not come into the
corpus why can't why can't I come into
the toughest part oh come on is the
weirdo oh I'm in a club Pez always
wanted a party public coming to be
commuted yeah you can't carry your doors
I can't close the doors I'll push me out
you're pushing me out of your life don't
push me out of your life
this is space oh yeah
we're gonna present the clubhouse whoa
yeah I was doing it right fear of
clubhouses okay okay
why are you I'm not going in because
sorry I know what your new series yeah
okay so my Halloween all of us for
Halloween are dressed is Kristoff and
Anna and Elsa and Olaf or something
yeah what's that you're trans Noah
Travis I think yeah they are good one it
is actually it's all it's just all green
stuff you have to go cut through the
heart cut through did something look
true so you are my life official
presented this beauty I say why should
putting it on hello my name is Christoph
hello Queen Elsa scary
what right guy in the red okay oh come
up let it go come on which that is what
demand is and rescue Anna Olaf
whoo laughs you open an app on us let's
get back to work
stop what like this except for how I I
don't know any his room oh yeah no then
I won is the you know the song at the
start and you're like I want to sell
something city Oh what is two guys in
Rosen the cold never bothered me
that's lovely
good girl
that was really good you Elsa okay
oh my goodness friends check out the
calendar I just got a photo sent from a
Ciccone Jolie calendar HQ and they're
busy but I can't believe how many you
guys are taking that is so cool thank
you so much for supporting us
don't forget link is down below they are
limited I hope there's enough for
everybody but to be on the safe side if
you're thinking about getting one good
no weather hot hot potato hot tamale hot
tamale where's your plate I didn't
always eat with that like here like a
cupcake and he's like oh that's amazing
and then like all the crumbs fall on the
floor and I'm like the four was
literally just one that is my technique
everyone has an easy technique we go
I've taken it a plate for what reason
because of the crumbs you can use a
knife leave the comments here we are
team plate or team great well no because
if you if you eat something and then it
all just falls on the floor like once
you're not that's horrible
that's a horrible I don't know the for
the dogs
cuz Jonathan other than talk dogs today
you what are you doing hey you know what
here we go here we go here we go gonna
give it a top you want the whole
experience ready go
there's crumbs falling or horrified use
it properly know the cream is going to
get on your best
Karma's that you I know it's toffee it's
not caramel can you taste the pear
though what do you think do you like it
a pair of jean marker action hi
oh nice yep lads we want you to come and
have a chat with you me and my wife over
here hi so so a while ago I would say
now a couple of months ago myself and
then I start talking I've had something
really important she's not taken
seriously over here if you were just
ready to start a serious discussion I
think you shouldn't like oh it happens
yeah so we started talking about maybe
having another child I'm having another
baby and it's it's you know we have two
kids in it and I don't approve you we
kind of thought it like we had a meeting
at wardo we were feeling kind of like
complete you know and then spiders
spider fly the flying spider got me it's
been locked been going on and I figured
like look I just want to make it fit I
just want to share with you guys what
we're actually going on right now
because it's a bit frustrating um so
about about two months ago today about
two months ago we sort of said yeah
three nothing happened the first month
we had passed and the cycle revealed
itself also like because I had been on I
had just jumped on birth control for
like one month so I hadn't been on
Indian for like the past three years
yeah Wow
yeah I'm like over three years and then
I jumped on birth control which like a
UK we're used to the Irish when we I say
we'd like it did not agree with me
like first of all so I came off that
after like a week of taking it and it's
just like messed up my sit like
everything is just so messed up like
with my cycle and everything was the
first pregnancy test we took was
actually a big time the night before we
were going to the maker party and just I
was a month before though that was the
month before you were late as well yeah
I think you're late when we were VidCon
we're late don't really know because of
the pill not Metheny yeah well yeah we
went to my new raker yeah so we went to
a CVS denied I went to the maker party
your Marat when I went to make her
Francesca you guys were in the pancake
place just forward to the pancake place
we went to CVS I hope I have yeah we
went to CVS and we picked up a pregnancy
test we're back in hotel and it was negs
um yes then what later we're in Sorrento
we're late on the period and then we
went ten days over we had tried 11 days
over you actually have not my one-girl
right so we went and we'd gone to bed
like 10 or 12 pregnancy tests we were
checking everything
at this point well it was a lot we are
like 12 that's like one a day it wasn't
12 talking but sometimes he did 200 cuz
it didn't make sense no you're like
imagining it wakes okay sorry but um
yeah so like I was like I was like so
convinced I was like this is it like it
had this is it like 10 days and on the
11th day it happened the 12th the I did
12th day the cycle revealed itself and
it was like no we're just so weird
and now whatever two days late again so
it's like now I don't know but now yet
really hard I know so we're like three
days late but I think ya know if I was I
think I would know I don't know I'm just
I was just so broken hearted that like
every time I'm like I was like I'm
laying like no so it's like I'm just I'm
so upset now if we do not update you
ever again about this
no hate that it's like if it's a
negative thing like not a negative
sounds bad but like if we're not
pregnant we might talk about it but if
we get pregnant we probably won't talk
about it because we learned a lesson a
three or four years ago with Emilia when
Amelia got pregnant all right yeah again
can't even make a baby the turn tears
you yeah did you get in there right hey
where'd you put us yeah so we made a
mistake whom we have we got the
pregnancy test room with Amelia saying
and we're like I'm you came in the
bathroom and I'm actually pregnant I was
like oh my god I can't I'll pull down I
need to tell my mom we need to tell
people you know then you need to go and
you need to just to make sure
everything's cool because you don't want
to say to arity and then yeah you know I
mean have a sad situation so hopefully
2016 we have another country or twins or
triplets what happened and his
grandmother had twins after having grown
a boy she had a girl legit a boy then at
twins yeah and I had a girl than a boy
imagine it's really scary it is what up
let's get a bus know if I could miner
stop what would like a Malamute don't
know what it what that is what the hell
is a mellow mood it's all we got okay
show you here's my phone here so
basically it's like you know Huskies but
it's bigger it's a dog it's a dog I like
know what is a dog that's to it this
cake I really want one but like
obviously well maybe for a push present
I'll get you another mood no it's like
so much eight dogs four children seven
oh yes Evan yeah yeah it's like so like
a wolf like it looks like a wolf
it's huge time there's nothing showing
us I have to pause yeah Amelia it wardo
did you there's someone coming
there's somebody coming oh my goodness
guys who's that oh my goodness oh my god
terrified Bianca we get it you're a
monster monster Emilia oh my goodness
oh my goodness that was too funny water
bought an episode huh scaring Eduardo
and are telling you about our plans it's
been it's been a couple of months and I
don't know I know I say any more stuff
about it but oh I'm excited to have more
kids and I hope you enjoyed today's
video given know like subscription in
common don't forget to check out the
calendar is if you have not got yourself
calendar now would be the right time
don't forget Ciccone Jolie shop calm
anyway thanks for watching today's video
and I'll see you tomorrow good bye
