you like boy porridge yeah what do you
like white oh baby yeah we do Becks
there you have it folks watching some TV
look how dark it is it feels no wintry
it's a winter situation isn't it
wait do you have all these Canada Albert
thanks
should I wait on exact as I said it was
dark
thank you
are you carrying bottles ranch
yeah that's is that for the baby now
ready squeeze it need some more honey
Oh your your brother's come with the
babies
don't be fight note we can have a
custody hearing later on today oh by
school
let's go we got a homework huh what fine
why no she'll take such a big girl isn't
she
you look at you right now a uniform hmm
oh you're cool dude
in the mountain tonight with the
footsteps okay you sing it you sing it
oh my goodness nods our bin situation is
out of control
it's an out-of-control bin situation
bird throughout it - oh my goodness
okay oh my goodness lads Amelia Amelia
our calendar came our ciccone Julie
calendar you want to see it oh my
goodness alright friends let's all of
that work that's all I experienced this
together for the first time I'm in shock
you see media a calendar okay this one's
ring round but the actual one that you
guys will order will not be ring round
the reason these are ring bad it's the
fastest way to get me cuz I was like I
really want to see one you gonna have
your own one they sent me a few oh cool
huh oh my goodness cool so last year's
one look this year's you made it like
bigger much bigger so okay you can sit
like that and you've got more space to
write on but oh my goodness the pictures
are so cool I don't know if I'll
actually you can see all the pictures
are back but um I think I love this shot
I don't know if you can see this I love
this shot me and wired out in the car is
not such a cool photo oh thank goodness
I think I'm too excited until you said
oh my goodness Amelia's oh and it's so
cool-looking
I AJ each month is like a little quote
at the top of each eye each month I
think they're really cool yeah yeah
Mike's funny huh
oh my goodness friends this is so cool
all right I'm thinking like sure to make
the website life I'm not sure yeah you
did
show me your face you know you did yeah
yeah okay spaghetti all right by the
time okay I'll make the video line up
mate I'll make it live by the time this
video goes up so the link down below I
think it's just called Saucony Jolie
shop Talk oh do you hear something like
that 100% sure I like leave annotations
and all sorts of stuff yeah there is a
course we are not a big massive
production house thing and I mean so
there's only a limited version version
although I tried to make it like based
on last year's numbers how many we
shifted last year I kind of made it I
tried to print enough of them so that
there was enough for everyone that we
kind of guessed would want one so
hopefully there's enough for everybody
but if you want to get one I would I
would say get one sooner rather than
later
I'm gonna try to do super early this
year and we're gonna I bring these tree
to Leeds and just like what I I'm
running out three I kind of me an office
that ring bandit no it's annoying but
guaranteed before Christmas because we
did it super airy this year I'm so
excited lucky them they're so cool
that's so cool it's so cool all right
let's go we're gonna be late for school
I mean yeah oh yeah oh my daddy's
looking at our calendar
it seems like a believable excuse to be
linked oh sorry
okay we're at school now the long walk
to class
okay Wow did you wipe your feet yeah no
you didn't oh one two won't cut it
Jonathan look at the floor what are you
doing you're disgusting
like you're raised in a barn seriously
it was mopped like twice in the last two
days and look what he does between dogs
and Jonathan and children Mike horse is
never clean why is he so happy hasty
actually technically you saw my lights
on my tripod I think it's not Susie I'm
like on the furthest point at the bottom
and Hess and you're at the furthest
point at top of the house there's so
many schools me that is amazing that's
AB is this high enough for you wouldn't
take this long steal my stuff whoa what
else you need what are you filming
anyway who you seeing it all right what
are you doing don't do it I could you
making creases on the bag oh you're
gonna you're gonna sit on the bed I'm
not sitting on the bed I'm sitting on my
chair okay which is essentially into bed
why are you keep running me to come back
Louise
Jeru anyone's room out and then I have
to set it all up again
like two hours yeah but look
okay well I'll leave these lights up
here nobody's in the video you're gonna
take them again why would you make what
is this why is this so high dude
tada I love you stop ruining my hair
when I was a kid my mom uses a joke that
she was like a taxi for the kids I get
it
that's why I feel like feel like these
days all I do is Drive in one child to
swimming next child to school in an ER
child's play group then their friend's
house are okay not their friends as well
sometimes they go to their friends
hasn't suffered a difference when you're
just like forever I'm fine just
like forever driving around on oh look
what happens
oh my gayness the bins been ripped open
ah what the hell
this is worst boss ever it's like
everywhere
oh bloody birds mike parker thing oh
right I'm parents ly taxi for my
children and it's probably only gonna
get worse is it does it just get worse
like it's the more social and friendly
they become the more activities they do
mr. note Oh seriously to God I need to
get a parent transportation car okay to
stop living this dream lads I need a car
preferably maybe back seats maybe seven
seats I don't know which is something I
can fit all the kids into because all I
do is but then
don't tell the kids but I quite like
driving them around and driving to them
to school and driving them to their
places and do not I kind of stuff at the
same time you know II mean would you
have to be like oh come on man
this is all I ever do but I secretly
love it oh boy
all right let's go get child from school
do you mind miss your answer is always
being your best friends they say you
have a fun day at school today I think
everybody knows Joe - your best friend
at this point huh nice home and see it
wardo let's go home and see it wardo
can you sing that song can you sing that
let's go home and see you tomorrow song
no no no no I did or I did or how do
door hey nincompoop mean Ken hope
Lincoln pooped and can poop driving down
the roads quiz me what is it dude it's
raining I'm gonna get rained on you
don't to be a trainer it is a rainy
little Mimi a rainy maniac a rainy aqui
huh needs an anorak what are you doing
oh there's mommy there's mommy you want
to see your decide that's what he looked
like that side
pump it I make my please
did you miss wardo Goodman wardo busy
well don't pull his head off he needs it
now
why not did you miss it his name is
Eduardo in case you didn't know that's
wrong where did it right I get that
yeah teacher gave me a sticker
why does number 67 know your name in
pink yeah
can you say white oh can you say Eduardo
can you say Emilia
can you say mama ma can you say Dada
Dada ah can you say Eduardo can you
smell that
it's manic manic marshmallow marshmallow
candle won't let me Oh guys actually
smell like a candle wax candle that's
not scented just a normal tea like twins
are we twins we're older people might
mistaken us for twins
like are you guys twins
sure cap it's not like chocolate
chocolate smelling candle that should be
sickening well the dogs knocked in the
door themselves at the she is lucky just
like you wait a second
we put water back in the bottle we just
figure we're tired of making dinners for
him all right you guys gonna for your
walk with Helen inside inside you're
gonna be murdered it's gonna be murder
in the dance floor go quickly quickly
buddy
oh you're gonna be in trouble I get out
here before the screen starts tell mommy
Helen made you go outside ready steady
you wanna go again you want to go again
we're trying Y to open the air
this is the flip of sin
Wow you ready for this ready for this
only only very few people have ever
attempted this and survived okay you
ready this is the front way okay I am so
happy to announce the calendars are now
on sale well the kind of in pre-order
because there's a 30-day delivery
because we're actually printing them at
the moment but if you order one right
now you're guaranteed to get it before
the end of October which is pretty cool
and like I said there is a limited
amount in them so if you're thinking
about getting one sooner rather than
later friends but they are so cool I
just saw I love my I'm even considering
like getting all the individual pictures
blown up and framed and put right ahead
so cool anyway thank you for watching
today's video
and thank you for liking the video and
leaving a comment because I'm sure I'll
see you guys tomorrow
good boy
