oh you know it's you mister I've got a
hole in my sock
I hate we're not enough anymore right so
I may have gone a little bit overboard
I'm John Lewis Carthon you might not
want oh no there's more I think I might
do a haul video check that out on my
channel if you want to see what I got
I have to build all of this no it's just
furnishings
wardo can you say Emilia No
Oh your shop oh hello Oh are we building
a big shop where don't run off to battle
a bully
oh wait oh wait oh meetings in the shop
I know look little media shop no I gotta
bring rose the boxes in this is my job
now the box bring her inner Hado code oh
let me out
don't let me use
Oh got it delivery for you ma'am what
was various artists when lucky saw hmm
wasn't there talk about you not going
out there
mm-hmm little munchkin man what has she
done and don't lads I never murdered me
one day this is gonna be the weapon of
choice
Johnson's like stressing out because
it's this candlestick background of
candlesticks okay candlesticks I think
but not like this is like Harvey
Jonathan they look nice though cool yeah
I'm not I'm not loving this much idea
actually stop it so you guys want to see
what I got quick halt they're so weird
weird okay so there's that for a candle
I'll show you which one giant candle yes
this one here okay
these are for like lots of candles to
put in this thing is for the okay so
I'll take you through my god so I got
this candelabra like which Jonathan
can't seem to figure out how to put
together I think it just goes like that
and then I got a self purchase a set for
a bedroom so I got two of these I got
two big ones for here for possibly in
here or possibly in the mystical jewelry
in the bedroom
I got this house which i think is so
cute especially like for Christmastime
it's like a candle house II thing I got
that one for in the living room
hopefully if the kids are the only two I
got this for like probably to go in the
middle here because I love with a full I
metal mix it was silver your thing today
I like silver
and then this is another like candle
holder thing and then I got these fake
flowers because in my life I got this
like we have this is the cutie patootie
alright at least he's coming over to
beat me up I get the old Jimbo Jones set
up here is one of my home decor things
so I put I'm gonna mount this mirror on
the wall that should be difficult I've
just realized it's not like hollow it's
like um Mase Mason wall I know Jonathan
explained it to me so maybe I won't do
that we'll see I am gonna hang the
picture look at this staining I could
get that I had those talcum header
yeah but I can get that out I need a
cushion for this chair I want to get
make a little poof as well this picture
of my dad is going up on this
small so we've got the candlesticks then
I've got this little tray here which has
some little things that's my engagement
ring I mean my engagement ring is on
obviously a wedding ring or on but they
go in that box I've got a little kabuki
brush that I thought was cute got that
from Tarte I haven't used it yet ring
holder Kendall so I covered the whole
from where the Shelf fell because
immediate Eduardo like knocked in the
Shelf I mean there's a big hole in the
wall there's another one there but it's
not as big so I covered it up with a
little hook like a fairy hook thing I
put her beanbag chair her dolls I
covered that toy box with her Sofia
blanket because I won't run you're doing
anything else
and then here's her princess castle and
her pay mobile castle for tutus and
everything looks nice and clean so I'm
sure she's gonna be there's a lot of
songs about flying isn't that what's he
doing let's see what's happening here
you having car trouble mister
let me get that for you we got that what
have you got here oh it's a Porsche okay
it's a Cayman is that or if it's a
hardtop boxes hmm drive it so I can try
it
Oh phones ring it talking about the
fitness video the kids wanted near the
kids on regrettin workout you you want
your exercises
that's that's your push like you keep
Anna's personal trainer
come on mommy let's do the exercises
again Melia taking over
yeah okay toddler trainers calm come on
let's go it's cold so a long time ago
long before YouTube existed I was making
YouTube videos right I've been making
video since I was about 15 or 16 years
old myself my brother went splitsies on
a video camera and we were about me
about 15 or 16 I think it was like about
a hundred punts this is before the euros
and in our they had punts kind of like
pounds but we'll call them punts we
bought a video camera we used to use it
and stuff like that and then I just got
like inspired and into it I bought a
computer and I start editing and making
videos and eventually led me to getting
into like making videos proper music
videos and like short films and all this
kind of stuff this is long before the
internet so never ended up anywhere just
stored away in hard drives I started not
even on hard drives or away on tapes
I mean DB tate's and hiatus and stuff
like that and then I actually had to
sell my last DV camcorder to pay rent
unfortunately a couple of years ago four
or five years ago so I kept all the
tapes tow and then I went out on my life
this just came here I finally found this
machine this is extremely outdated
technology ok I will never make a video
of this because if I did hope you pick
like this big on the screen with like
squares and stuff on I like but this
camera the Excel walking this is the x2
I made my first movie on this thing made
my first I shot my first music video on
this thing like this was the greatest
thing I saved for so long to buy this
camera and it served me so well and but
eventually I had to sell it and here we
are five years later six years later
probably at this point and I got it back
this is what you use to make videos back
in the day like
you know before this is old vlog that
we're blocking on right now is a hundred
times better than the Canon X through
out but still I love this day it is so
many memories for me I'm so happy I got
it oh my goodness guys I just got
I hope the age like when excited by the
caliber like diamonds candles no this is
like my Yankee Candle order just came in
and I got like some limited edition so
keeping in mind that the American so I
was on the American web and then they
were like oh we don't chip the UK check
out our sister site the UK ID you can
look I like went on I was like is this a
joke there's like no bones yeah no
they're like no pumpkin sense there's
nothing it's just like in in this part
of the world I feel like it goes
straight into the winter and like
Christmas they didn't have some so I I'm
so excited about it
right hi guys the babies oh these babies
oh are you guys looking after those
babies
what can I come into bed
oh thanks how is the up here guys hey
hey hey Marnell there's so many spaces
in the bed where no we're watching
Sophie in a second where's this will be
a tatter'd why no we're gonna get we're
gonna get you carry the back we're going
to get kicked out of the bed
why can't you get over that wall
incredible feeling Saturday what do you
like to sit down here you really know oh
teets great show it's a great show oh
boy oh boy
alright I took you back into bed now
don't eat any more toys did you eat your
toys class nice what toy did you eat
last night all of them I mean I ate
you've only seen on my snapchat the
media ate a Minnie Mouse toy last night
did you eat and Minnie masked I don't
tell anyone it's okay I was a big
concern I'll be honest yes I was very
concerned
I made her drink like prevent a liter of
water and we kept her up and then we
kept her up so she ended up watching
half an episode of narcos and it was
towards the end of it and this guy was
smoking anything he was like what why
does he have a candle in his mouth
no like Oh innocence like yeah I was
really worried so I kept checking on her
he's a terrible joke or something what
have you done you take your card you
stop your messin all right testing
testing one two three
all right I ran out here in the rain
because I am getting ready to drop some
lyrics some lyrical rhymes a good Lucy
does this is my workout I do it Lucy man
scares 10 minute hit workout
this is the most painful workout you'll
ever do but it's so good for you okay so
we're in Studio B
I think that's to do a over there I am
trying I'm gonna I've got the lyrics I
want to show you them I'm gonna spoil it
we got the lyrics written down we've got
the musical arrangements done I've come
out here so I can guess it's just that
oh my goodness oh no your hair what
happened oh there you go sorry sorry
about that one how does your hair fall
off careful okay cheese man yeah I
joined no no no but let me hear it done
I'm gonna try and shoot it the actual
music video part for it I'm gonna see I
need some other people it's about other
people
I know spoilage know spoilage but let's
say let's get recording friends look
who's back
the Australian look Australian today you
do with the hi is there any happy to see
you again
yeah I'll be run whoa a sneaky run
Bianca you have filtered water we're
just drinking water like that I don't
get any water in here is you run a b.o.b
did you run yeah did you run today you
guys are ready for any movement on the
competition
puppy wowsers look at this steamed
broccoli is that rice was a theater self
right and salmon with some sort of
creamy thing on the top Oh what our
candlestick holders what's up with lads
Wolfgang posh
Ciccone Jordi's have gone posh this
looks tasty you made a tasty treat and
it's the Coney Jolie time
this might belly these really mochi do
first
boom make it happen I said huh isn't
that the way is not the future say the
future is bright oh my goodness friends
guess what I got this morning I got
Saucony Jordi's 2016 calendars I got a
couple of just came in this morning when
I was dropping me to school and I was
like oh boy so I'm pretty sure the
calendars are gonna be on sale tomorrow
be excited for that and I'll see you
guys tomorrow don't forget to like the
video favorite videos subscribe and all
that kind of stuff and I'll see you
tomorrow thank you bye
