I love you today is World Animal Day
yeah so to celebrate that I think the
dogs need their hair buns
Albie no me no me toques these you know
who looks best with it on though using
these folks the best didn't honesty
establish time whoa whoa yeah so we
taught maybe two children would sleep in
this morning baby
no all right with my horse
I'm gonna horde of animals oh boy oh boy
me man and we're not watching frozen
because frozen is already being watched
we're now watching what's this this says
Cinderella yeah oh it's leaking TV is it
frozen is it Todd don't you pay in a
movie called Todd what are you making
careful there no any bits and pieces
this one you want to pet Oh pet open
little cooperation
good mind a little bit of cooperation
when money love it it's here repaired
itself okay we got open we got a whole
bed how many pieces are in it but I'm
sitting this one a lot
what what is this this isn't a jigsaw
little people in it that's what I know
who's that
Ursula and who else
Ursula and Ariel are they friends versus
a buddy
do you like Ursula Lulu is Ursula like
mommy what
hello doggy friends hello doc your
friends are we causing a ruckus are we
causing a ruckus on this Sunday morn hmm
you raucous thing huh are you ruckus
thing you see when you ruckus thing on
this Monday morning Sunday morn Monday
mornin for you any morning for us it is
a sunny day 20 into Sunday and sunny
Sunday that's easy we are pooper scoop
because we're in our clothes but it's so
good oh my goodness it's so good it's
like the best show I've watched in a
long time it's like breaking bad if you
like Breaking Bad I check it out to have
on Netflix and the best thing is it you
can just box at it whoo I love that I
love that that's that's a problem we box
edit it 5 hours like 3 o'clock in the
morning I was like I need to know what's
going on one more one more
it's fine the kids asleep no they don't
need to get up at 7:00 yay anyway I'm
considering cutting the grass for the
last time
well I do it I don't know it's October
is it too late it's still sunny I just
don't want like in January or February
or whatever how I cut it again I don't
want a situation where it's like so
overgrown but like it hasn't grown last
time I could it was about September 10
or 11 or 12 just performing this
birthday party so I look how much it's
grown like nothing so check out my hair
I did my hair like zoella
I watched Zoe's video from last week
where it was like hairstyles or
something and this one I loved but I
don't think I've done it right I were to
get my hair like this
oh you know ye they have got something
in it here I see this thing in it oh
let's try again try again you probably
just put it on wrong right so this is
Jonathan's method of mining kids it's
called let them trash the place while I
get ready so I'm gonna have to remedy
that hello I'll be all your so QD well
they're outside playing what's the plan
oh why are you driving right oh you're
the driver
come on Oh feed-in on the foot in all
right oh why don't lift your legs up
lift your legs upward oh oh oh good boy
you couldn't lose a leg no all right I
don't think this is safer wardo I got to
go cut the grass
yeah okay hold on a minute okay I gotta
do the last and now grow grass cutting
event of the year where is a long more
well the lights the lights and the
cameras and it's so good Amelia Oh
well water can push it mm-hmm wow you're
a better driver than mommy you know we
need to get lads means you got an HEV
you know like a little four-wheel atv
blue we can drive around over there we
can tie the kids things in the back in
them I'll be epic
I've even more epic when hopefully 2016
laws of the laws of attraction let's
visualize this dream of it hold it there
have your vision boards thing mine in my
imagination and and draw in laws of
attraction we're all in what you wanted
this world and then I want a house next
year a nice big house with maybe an acre
or six and then we could like have cool
mountain biking tracks and we can have
like I could build the kids like the
ultimate playground imagine like it's so
fun and getting ATVs we could drive
around our property whit and we can like
make little race courses to have a
little car track demo dreams lads that's
me that's my big thing in the moment
laws of attraction laws of attraction it
will come what sorry was I was lying
the attraction dream life 2016 it's
gonna be here it's gonna happen gonna
happen you can drive yourself be very
good at it
look at that that's so cute
two of these little munchkins are gonna
stay up here while I cut the grass all
right as Lucky's in there will be no
escaping until that he's finished this
is the final outcome of what happens
when I get involved I like this kitchen
all organized it's so sad
what I do
if I could open the door um I have like
the baking things in the oven I've got
the pizzas the cookies
I've got like the whole fridge organized
the ice cream in the freezer like it's
really probably unhealthy to how much
time I actually spend and then I also
always go in here I'm like organize
their dolls are there yeah
Barbie dolls Disney Princess daughters
what else we're looking for our clown
costumes for Halloween Amina Amina
where's your homework you like your
homework your first ever homework
assignment and you've lost it ask me
where I was for tomorrow's like I lost
it but I just remembered I'm working all
day tomorrow in the city so I won't get
to drop Amelia to school in the morning
and her first day of homework that was
so excited to bring rain and hand in our
homework and be like we have a homework
done I won't be there I'm gonna miss it
stupid working in the city dude gotta
get those got a paid our rent that deals
to pay warning huh
god bless the pain why don't you go to
work for me no it is like so late kids
have not be now medium doesn't even have
anymore
okay lucky wait
we go one sure once you are dough okay
why not come on let's go have us have a
quick nap let's beat in Napster have a
quick nap and then we will wake up again
it's an evening meal time probably got
the whole family out parking outside the
door love it love it - yeah normally we
go for a Sunday lunch but today we've
gone for a Sunday
evening meal balloons her do you see the
bills John walking mister you're gonna
walk in all by yourself like a big boy
she'll ya catch up with mommy
he's so cute look at her this smell nice
don't worry those waters off hmm so look
obese at a regular spot
there's no pianoforte I think that's
like a neon thing we missed out but our
usual couple are over there looking for
doing so is the man getting some bread
do you like bread do you want a bottle
of wine what you're thirsty want some it
is now is it yucky how do you even know
what it tastes like that's my next
question
oaky huh want some water mister hmm look
at this monster lads
inside there is pasta and meatballs I
love it coconut water God spaghetti
spaghetti Betty I don't got to see work
what's wrong okay you have to wear that
or you'll get your talk dirty well you
know what you're doing that because
somebody else that is second ago
oh look at me some Pellegrino panels
I was like I owe me feed you
what are you telling a story about Ariel
the daddy is very cross the day is King
Triton King Triton's gonna come sharks
what else with her oh he's in our flower
he has pork in his hair
hahaha yeah a dinglehopper I think that
was called yeah I know all about Disney
movies
mmm-hmm bit of a Disney expert be honest
od end-all I don't know Princess Aurora
story who's princess or Oregon what did
she do Oh Beauty and the berry wanna be
swallows when you can't Beauty and the
Beast okay
oh my goodness how late is it huh how
late is it it's too late it's too late
to apologize Thank You Valentina for
another scrumptious oh my goodness look
at the clock mm-hmm need school in the
morning hey did you find your homework
did you lose your homework are you gonna
tell the teacher the dog ate it when she
goes to school she's like no no
seriously my six dogs ate my homework
it's actually possible that that could
happen very pretty and we got home and
we put the children to bed and we turned
into Barbies then it seems like you
remember that was ages ago
it's like somebody hands lights you guys
they give me I've been so good and I
have like a folder where I keep them all
and I have like hundreds and thousands
of them at this point you know so
sometimes I like to go get help into the
archives the end slate archives then I
hope you enjoyed today's video give it a
like and leave a nice comment subscribe
if you're new subscribe if you're old
okay we don't discriminate and yeah if
you want to check out other channels I
believe links in the descriptions and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
good bye
