right side way mm-hmm good morning right
now
good morning funds and welcome to my
home
right we got to be quick backpack
backpack backpack then when you put that
on ER I gotta make your breakfast
because he's coming over who else
there's only have a friend look Ania
canola does not I have a daddy yeah yeah
and we call them the South can you say
those out does the health is a disaster
coming coming what a felon is here this
morning cleaning over there are no oh
happy grandma's day Grandparents Day oh
yeah I already won the card
Amelia Amelia go give him a hug give him
a hug give him a hug he's a sensitive
he's a sensitive little soul he's a
sensitive little soul no afraid scared
what do you be my friend mono mundial
awkward oh alright
it's patan weirdo
it's not real yeah what are we watching
frozen like everyday it appears we are
watching the frozen movie the frozen
frozen situation movie who's your
favorite person in frozen oh we got
rushed he's got big ears
how was the potted plant hazardous no
he's a little boy he's a little by
little boy still here it might be okay
you know what kids are like whenever
they go to sleep they just magically fix
themselves Wow let me see look this way
let me try and see how much bigger that
is it's awful come here I want to see I
need to see straight on turn your head
we need to mock you ah - nut Moore's not
almost Halloween
Magura mixin
decoration except this year Eduardo and
Amelia are making on the Halloween
decorations but look look wider yeah you
want to get the box of Halloween stuff -
and we look to it to see if there's any
good stuff there okay you start here you
ready I think it's this one there you go
see scary so wait you want huh there's a
hat and dad is a pirate
this is a song about yeah we're coming
upstairs now with everything
oh my goodness I mean wardo stay there
no no no no look Jay Z Y dou Y dou Y it
out I'm so cool that a ghost yeah it
doesn't really fit though Oh are using
like I'm looking school one you see what
I mean
yeah let's squish them down more no it
works let's go what do we do next
Miska maybe if we do I don't you don't
wanna go I don't need those princesses
on Halloween Oh yucky yucky Darrin
afterwards we can eat the potatoes yeah
no yucky
I like videos you know like potatoes Oh
how we do this is we grab our potato
okay we dip it in make sure it's all
come back and then we do not stick it on
our faces okay now you can do lots and
lots of stand skeletons cool okay you
just beat it
so making some long rows
what should we get a pumpkin
yeah it'll be a pumpkin patch in England
we still never got to actually do that
like go somewhere there has to be
somewhere we can go right help us out
here there has to be somewhere you go
you know like in America when you go to
like farms oh with it I see people on
Instagram and stuff talking about it but
you know I mean there must be there must
be one in England where you can go to a
farm somewhere yeah
it's what I've never experienced going
through like a pumpkin hash I want even
bought them like Martin's or something
or testo or sometimes exciting
come on come on there now help us out
give us the info get us down down with
the kids anyway I've rushed in some mayo
and sweet corn and says tuna delight I
was using a spoon with it someone has a
comment awhile ago and said you should
use a fork
so I'm using a fork is it oh yeah you
like singing this song go away spooky
wired oh go away all right so I have
this fun idea or johny johny channel
video which required me to come here and
buy two giant cream cakes
that's pretty kids to make stuff like
that
I don't know if this is a good idea it
won't be as crazy as the last video
do any funny I developed by building
authenticity it's probably up by now and
get up on Sunday like you don't plan on
these cakes I'm also getting some lunch
why I'm here I already made the kids
their lunch anyway oh yeah oh well your
this hope did you do it turns out well I
stopped service so I don't have to talk
to a person and justify why I'm buying
all these cakes and I made it home in
time to put mr. Arnold bed mr. Eduardo
master Saucony Jolie we have to go okay
see night night night Benin Hill who's
that Benin honey he ain't been in honey
it's been in honey
this is Wireless favorite magazine he's
a big fan okay the Henry pop all right
you go sit down we're ready to me your
magazine okay and that is just gonna go
do bunny
what's the plan
waiting from where oh you are wearing a
little pumpkin one that time oh you want
to write this one and why no come later
baby one is that your pajamas oh there's
nothing to see here okay that is just
being silly
did you like did you like that his last
video yeah the one who our daddy was
like solve the Internet did you like
that one just kind of weird wasn't it
yeah we do have the violin for a while
yeah okay what that he's gonna make his
lunch
didn't I just wanna make a video I think
you do you want to have a nap maybe her
nap client sides are on the way ash yeah
now we're gonna have no time left for
our lives so I'll see you in about 15-20
years talk to you again
she has like quiet time yeah she's um
bagel in orange all right this is gonna
be a bit of a behind the scenes
situation here because this is not
worked out as I planned so here's the
cake I bought to you because I figured I
might wreck one right but look go look
at the cake all I did is I took it out
of the wrapper that's how it's not as
bad but um all I did is I took it out of
the wrapper and I took off this team
that was around it and the whole thing
was like peel the cross and everything
Oh
so I bought some extra stuff this guy
here it's like a strawberry flavored
thing some candles two marshmallows some
piping stuff baking is not really my
thing but Ana is too busy to help me
with this and I really want to shoot it
today so I'm gonna see if we can make it
work all right we're gonna go to cake
too and we're gonna see if I can make
cake too any better then cake one I
wanted like that that's what I want
look that looks so good why just be like
that my friend be like that my friend
didn't he stick this thing on it ah I'll
update you I'll update you as he can
along I can't even open the box just to
take everything there we go I can just
tell straight away this is not gonna
work as I pull it she's gonna pull the
whole thing off of me what about if I go
this side all right if I go this way
oh no come on this is so annoying
that's exactly what happened look you
just whipped the whole side off the
thing definitely a vast improvement
indeed oh and that might be actually
alright that might be okay okay that
might be okay
I might get away with less that's Amelia
noir as pudding tonight we have put all
the cream stuff in today I invite no way
a bigger person but I'm just trying to
improve the look of the cake hey that's
actually that's actually pretty good
all right let me just doll this up not
that one let me just doll this thing up
and I hopefully have gotten a pink look
in cake all right I got a few weeks here
today to play with for some fun videos
so it's all first one will do so put it
on wardo
why are you well you can't see oh my
goodness he looks so pretty
yeah yeah yeah can Laila crawl that's
pretty cool yeah I want to see your
reaction video okay whatever you like
this they fight friends
what goodbye friends say bye white oh no
why does not say bye say bye
hey boy let's see tomorrow I want to eat
yummy tummy
Obiang gasps stop eating our friends
anyway I hope you enjoyed today's video
don't forget you can always jump over to
my second channel Boop and you can watch
that funny cake video thing I'm gonna
upload it later on which will be up
before the vlog goes live hopefully it's
good or check out any of my other videos
you can also jump over to Anna's channel
and you can watch her amazing videos
baking videos fashion videos beauty
videos like videos just amazing she is I
married her huh No
to his videos and given all like comment
subscriptions and I'll see you again
tomorrow friends but bye
