Marnie flag
good morning Amelia I like your outfit
your cool boots yeah do you like them
hold on the school
Jemima like you here today that's what
all the rumors I'll get gum line
what yeah
Jemima to look huge of my my guy yeah
you have to Jemima friends huh some
Rhegium I was in your pop - - jomo a
bust
- jabo it was two to two bloomers put in
there's a leave-in there two-shoes
glasses marshmallows oh my goodness all
right let me take your bag off
what is it leave here and then least get
in the car leave it there I'll leave
that over there mush mush shake shake
ready go banana go go but let us go
bananas go go you owe me you want to
sing when we drive yeah okay
but our friends we have to put our
friends away we go driving save my
friends
see you later
like literally no Empire okay I'm
heading to get my nails done in a new
place and I'm not quite sure where I'm
going
I think this way because copyright that
I just like I decided to go to a
different place because I feel like I
just wanted to change and I want I found
this place that's like and the point
this is BA so it's like a spa plus in do
your nails like mani-pedi like all that
kind of thing so I'm just gonna try it
out
hallo no there yeah hello Nevaeh alright
I'm getting some shitty shape all right
we got some shipping shape and going on
here we're gonna try and sort is that
because I didn't really want to think
about video like making space and all
but the videos have been going quite a
while I've been doing quite well with
them so I'm right what's that it's clean
up to space make like this section in
here is going to be like an official
workspace for me to like come up with
some videos and stuff and this place
here is them is the work out of place oh
one something cool alright so myself and
I have committed it's been open for a
while now but I would like step it up
just like workout program so I'm working
with Lucy should throw up some really
tough workout stuff for me to do it part
of so like if Connor McGregor can become
the greatest player in the world why
can't I not quite but it is an boxing's
really really a really good fitness
exercise thing to do so myself and I are
gonna take on dunno either like I'm like
a 5k or 10k run or Tough Mudder pcs die
pushing us to try and come up with some
challenge like that so we're stepping up
step it up situation and then I got this
bad boy so I'm trying to make this more
of a structured workout area and then
hopefully a more structured work area
for me why am i fun video
where I am what I'm doing right now I'm
gonna beat this up huh
come on come on just got my nails done I
went for red cuz they're really short
and brittle and unhealthy because oh
when we were in Italy basically the job
my care that we got john ii heard that I
got John was like gel manicure and she
kind of ruined my nails I'm putting um
got them all sorted out
it's our money happy hey this is creepy
oh I had Python number six cause like no
parking but at least I got a space in
the end this is a creepy left
I also picked for nail treatment because
they said that it was it would make my
nails strong wearing like girl bond
because they used to be really long
another very short immediate home and
Amelia got a homework oh no it begins
look there's only about another 12 years
of this homework and then you look you
want to here you go
hold your homework we'll check it out
when we get home okay you've got weekend
homework so it begins lads oh you are
you're grown-up enough to get homework
no no one likes homework today oh and I
also got some skin care because unlike
to just try new things um so they
summarize your odds murud not really
short um so I got that stuff I don't
know it's Caroline hair he's gonna watch
this and tell me or is she gonna be okay
with me have no idea what my skin is so
like temperamental Oh
Leith um my skin is so temperamental and
I just want it to not break out like you
know feel like I'm 27
almost 28 like can you please not break
it anymore
I'm not a teenager like go away so she's
told me the race really she sold me the
range that was like for mature skin not
mature skin but you know what I mean
like anti-aging
blemish control so I was like yeah not
mature skin but you know what I mean
like not a teenager but acne so that's
my god let's see if it works
I got the time-release cleanser about
this spot treatment as well I really
were you know you got like a treatment
done it like really relaxes you and I
was getting my feet done and I was on
relaxed I was like almost gonna fall
asleep honestly but it was amazing I got
read on both because it's just classic
and I feel like me again
because I hate not having a painter that
really sucks
first time having CND as well cool
pretty cool so when I connected Amelia
today there was lots of boys in your
class wasn't there and what were you
telling me I came you kidding me what
ray okay Dylan was very naughty yeah he
makes me welly welly welly crush you got
very cross with him are the boys messy
yeah do you like boys boys are very
messy guys what about Eduardo
what's come here to me why it was messy
but isn't lesson before no messy yeah
he's messin wit and make up behavior
messy read my paper no just to make up
what about the boys in school are they
mess you a makeup and now know what
there's nice making makeup yeah
okay listen cooking a caper who's the
worst boy in your class
hey Dylan yeah so Dylan is achieving her
class in choosing and nursery baby
nursery he's a little Irish kid City
cute but it's plain they've always had a
little bit it all it all started about a
year ago Dylan and took one of her toys
or I think it was a bracelet offer that
was it that was it ever since then now
right at a school and you're my mad
uncle so I have to get to make its
you're my man here whoa no you know who
isn't there or not in there but inside
Eduardo's inside we go see you are dough
no I'm trying right oh okay I'm gonna go
leave your old spiders see you later
interesting choice yeah let's go your
parents would like to introduce this
it's a homework bag so it's like you're
looking for something did you do that
Wow Oh what am i seeing was this a happy
grandpa Grandparents Day la familia yeah
so the prettiest grandpa Grandparents
Day this weekend and let me see this
so our homework is we've been learning
about animals your homework is to make
an animal mask oh you should make an
animal mask
this is non-roma we have to make one of
these you see no we're gonna make one
and then we have to bring it back on
Monday
that's one of the downsides to growing
up homework wait wait light sir
yeah wait I start telling you about
things like rent bills goes downhill
from then labs preschool about the peak
of your life and then it just kind of
goes downhill from then what are you
doing oh my goodness look at this so
I'll just got sent on hello
counter there hold on I'm showing our
friends the calendar
huh oh it's gonna be so cool it's gonna
be live in the next few days or maybe
it's already live I'm not really sure
what it's cuz it's so cool there's some
of the counter picks they're so cool I
can welcome to the Sakuni jewelry shop
these are pretty they're so going to
appear first plus the exclusive
thank-you card that I showed you guys
are signing a few days ago and thank you
all for your support because we couldn't
do any of this without you friends thank
you so cool and so excited Amelia
nerdwriter having a caller Francesca
discussing there are they matching
clothes today yes i neva noticed that
loads things talked about before this is
like sitting there frozen so media got
homework and she's doing it right now
with her brother
although amia before she like started
getting into this stuff and before like
even nursery and all that kind of stuff
she was not into Messi player which i
think is plenty my fault like she was
kind of afraid to experiment with
messiness like she just got me too she
was way too much of a clean freak which
is funny not that great for a child to
be like that so now she doesn't care she
still like gets upset if she gets a
little bit on her butt like on her
clothes or something are you gonna make
a mask or are you just gonna paint your
hands Eduardo genuinely scared of this
but Amelia mate ah what is this
oh yeah he was like running right there
running around and immediate I was like
ah like pretending he was like genuinely
crying like crying and scared Hey look
she doesn't have issues just you know
geez okay and I would look oh this one
over here
oh just like to point out because I saw
some complete like complaints and some
comments about the crepe being too small
I think our dogs seemed bigger like on
camera because that's what like
everybody said I thought meetup that we
did with the dogs for the RSPCA they
were like your dogs are so small in real
life and they're like a lot smaller than
you think
and when you put like six of them in a
she's stretched out so she looks long
now but when you put six there's feel
like room for them to move around so
don't worry they're not squished in
there they're fine it's a Friday night
I'm gonna get her fried have a pizza
party Friday Night Football
it's a Friday night pizza party come on
like just do it nothing laughs a pizza
party Friday night
soir√©e that's him basically saying it
in his own magical a pizza party Friday
night kids pizza oh you little thing no
nose I didn't get the memo I got those
gray and wine today
mccrane yellow everyone sits where
excuse me young lady young lady of the
town go up let's go we have to drag it
all right
we shall drag you oh go go go oh no
what's that it's the charger all right
come on into your cage into your cage
have your dinner all you want to sit at
the table tonight hey you get get in the
neighbors in litany neighbors in patrol
game live in thank you for watching this
video that I filmed all day yesterday
and edited today and then have now
presented it to you so I hope you
enjoyed it I hope you leveraged it like
it consumed it and then didn't ingested
it anyway and as saturday-morning
understand says the kids their
facetiming and dissolves i'd like to
call them are on their way over so apps
is really quickly it's going to be a fun
day leave some comments and
subscriptions and you'll leave some
subscriptions in the comments below and
don't forget to like the video okay see
you tomorrow friends bye
