good morning Amelia and Eduardo for
those listening to something I think
what you can't you can't have that you
can have this if you want look it's a
night it's a parking ticket here have a
parking ticket have a parking ticket
so he really stayed up way too late with
Zoe and Alfie last night and if you get
up super this way you have children I
forgot we had children there for a
minute and you can see the moon last
night it was so cool isn't it yes now
we're heading into London all day long
pick up the energy and pump pull
yourself together
pull yourself together man what our self
together man ah meetings after school
orders going swimming they're gonna have
so much fun are you guys gonna have fun
today Oh caddos here the counters here
emergency so we left half for pizza we
decided to keep it for the kids my
wooden head like chili and stuff in it
and my burger my pizza at my burger all
right mr. Cod oh man I'm there it's over
here any second now
where's collection of supplies supplies
oh wait the gates open nobody's already
here
shopping hey why don't have you been
busy there morning in there oh no I'm
not gonna see you all day long your eye
what's wrong what's wrong well you see
it's rocking you got a rock and I you
got an owie
oh you're all falling apart
well the kids are falling apart huh I'm
gonna drop me at school myself line I
don't straight two runs in town are you
gonna be good girl for rest of the day
oh no we might have to chop the arm off
you might have to lose the arm Hey oh is
it
I might have to chop it off mmm you chop
you off what do you want
just dropping me off at nursery I mean
preschool I still get it run like I
don't think I'm ever gonna get it right
I know she did university like often you
know like because it's it's still
nursery you know that's still where she
went to nursery so it's just hard to
like make the differentiate but we're
off to the train station to go to London
for a meeting that or probably like
industry mini honor meeting starts in
about five minutes
so all right I go five minutes account
but Joey's father's come over whenever
you said we weren't gonna make anyway
yeah it was like two o'clock in the
morning and we were still here and I was
like yeah we definitely yeah two o'clock
we'd have to leave it like while walking
we probably have to leave sometime last
night I was ready at 8:45
out of money
I didn't work at seven they actually
woke up really early for having gone to
sleep so late
well it wasn't super late for them but
like it was probably about nine when the
Train we are late and Alphaeus tweeted
our Texas it is like 11:20 and he's like
oh nice I've just woken up like hey hey
you mad because like oh she got up at
8:45 I think I slept until I got on over
the life of announcing huh - I'll see
just wait'll they have kids lads
we'll all be here we'll all remind them
of these moments you know this baby say
we should try we should give our kids
since our hockey for the weekend didn't
reality check you know we should trade
lies you know I've missed them too much
yeah maybe should someone or that
packing sugar don't in that school thing
in America to give him a bag of sugar
will give a bag of sugarfree and so he
would eat the bag of sugar it's the
problem she put it on a pizza his name
yeah after having I would say no it's
not the same we are here in London
Bridge London Bridge we're only an hour
late
we'll be bad we'll make it we just got
to find out I'm with you
okay we should do it where's the that
one there
the graffiti land means that we are here
we made it and only one hour and 43
minutes late that's not going all right
let us go doing some other people here
but a very exciting news for this mystic
own agility over here and it's going to
be a missus sacani Jodi
oh that's the media isn't it mystic are
you Joey yeah yeah and master security
Jodi but Anna is going to be a feature
writer and a page in a magazine guys
coming well done well done well can we
get more people in here to clap
boy that's why I'm so excited for you
you'd like she could be on the cover
yeah you gotta you gotta say these
things yes plant the idea why are we
excited I'm really happy it's an amazing
writer when you guys you are so good you
are you are as good as a writer as I am
a blogger okay I am as good a writer as
you are a blogger take it take it put it
in your bag keep it for later proves
over on a train and if you really want
to take it I did see you pretty good
annoyed at me is our P o box then you
want to know if your boxes looked like
uh-huh Lily rude Carly Freddie Victoria
Tanya hey Louise got a ruby ball oh
what's this oh you know we can eat them
in the car he's cool oh it's in here
sounds like candy oh we're in the back
of a cab I mean like literally in the
boot of a cab okay the pair with Claire
and Francesca's up the front driving
well you know as I was getting to the
boot essentially in the pivot of the car
it's good though we're offering an
exciting adventure this is Stewart your
biggest fan
so good seems real for least repeating a
tail at the end of the world
Porsche leaders gonna be Vegemite though
it's so cool oh this is so cool actual
studies
it's so cool we're talking right now
the things that we were just into
control rumors that can they go the
morning-time lads we think immediate may
have what did you call it Anna what do
you think you mean a house
conjunctivitis career to me look at our
eyes they're very weepy no your eyes are
perfectly fine so we may have to bring
you to the doctor and get you some drops
or are you sick or you just crying all
the time
oh you want to sit up here only if you
say I missed you so much today daddy
video if you miss me the most in the
world oh oh no come here and give me a
hug now what do you want for dinner that
night after the party we came home and a
media was like sitting up on the thing I
was like oh like it's like I connected
her from like a disk or somebody or two
it's like sitting there having a family
oh no what's wrong there with you you
won't get up you want to get up go over
here oh yeah
did you miss me today mr. Romney maybe
who's made you miss me
what you want to come here you want to
look at the girl's shoes hmm I love spot
of shopping Rollie pollie
point out this is lipstick it looks like
it has a big old gash - kissing girls
huh we got the kissing girl syndrome
you got kissing girl syndrome have you
got the kissy girls you kissy kissy
girls huh you want cheese Myrtle what
just back from my run oh and I just
happened to find these boxes of pizza
just lying in the floor what shall I do
with them I pray tell all right here we
go
one of these days nuts I mean a little
it's never gonna happen one of these
days last it's gonna happen I am going
to be the first man in history to open a
front door with my foot it's gonna
happen it's gonna happen gonna happen
it's gonna be a thing yeah Joe you
chosen wisely yeah huh
you chosen why is he all right get these
filthy creatures away from me all right
coming in
pizza party Monday night pizza party
Monday night pizza party Monday night
pizza party anyway
okay
you're so cute glad that's my daughter
I'm her number one fun oh yeah those
only two girls off oh I'm not that sure
to a singer
and to walk off and walk off you're like
a professional
get over here take about take a bow
think about all right everybody get
slain in the anger you doing there
all right let's go to the back go to the
back time let's go to the bad time you
stood out here performing
you're gonna like who are you oh I go
away go away on Oh what's this what's
this
who did that did you do that whoever's
keo care for I airtight everyone else
this is the end of the video
presentation I hope you had a good time
with this presentation its present
intending to you the end of the VT you
oh boy
see you tomorrow friends hit the like
button if you're that kind of pretty if
you're a likable person okay and hit the
subscribe button come on now go on
commit commit and leave some comments
have a conversation strike up a child
see you guys tomorrow thanks for
watching bye
