Oh today was just a day and you don't
win it okay
as a boy he needs to run you've seen it
all before and you've knocked on all the
doors open tomorrow is a funny
is about to change but I say I get
closer
Caressa between our military troop is
today God by my side big bowl of odds at
the darkest wasn't even bother
is about to change but I say bring it
closer to me bring the star and the
blows of everything in those and I say
bring it closer to me my name is arianah
the guys are going to be with you
panoramic and the driver name is range
well we say you welcome to tier 1
her hope it was about that flu - it was
hard and it in a car
my
I'll get and we ain't seen nothing yet
but tomorrow is about your needs around
Oh everything is about change but I
study bring it closer to me hello
friends and welcome to Cuba oh my
goodness
we're in Cuba this morning oh my look at
the cars it's so cool although we need
to see the cars look over here we're not
your hands and oh my goodness look at
how cool they look oh look at the pink
one one in the blue one
oh my goodness that's so cool again
where Donna over there but it is saying
look at this thing it is so cool what
that is so cool
welcome to Havana how cool is this
there's a building behind us
what is the heady my heart is in Havana
how cool is this car mania which would
you like all pink one is that the one
you like careful it right now we need a
new seven seater what do you think new
family car so cool
so we're just going for a drive in our
family car our new Cuban family car yet
there's no isofix oh boy that was just a
taxi that we saw on the side of the road
but I make and I just jump into the car
for a second
I need to I need to take videos and
pictures of this I guess this is the
main square the main square last year of
Cuba Havana
last fall
aha
by
say
to
in this place so many we have come here
for a cocktail are you ready for some
Cuban rum what yeah what about a Cuban
cigar a Cuban coffee what what do Cuban
kids have don't break the building this
hotel we're at the National Hotel and
we're here to get a cocktail so Eduardo
what do you think of your first time in
a Cuba you like it what you mean no
Jimmy no
Ana's wearing the dungarees today it's a
classic pregnancy look what's in your
pocket ma'am Oh a baby look he's even
been to Cuba did he get a stamp on his
passport
imagine you to stamp your belly when you
have a baby oh my goodness look at this
view here guys a few there is a few with
you a second oh-ho Eduardo spended oh my
god okay plans for the new house oh okay
I would swim in that into the pool I
would not swim in that interval smile
nothing picture of you so windy dose I
don't know if you guys can actually hear
anything we're gonna take you Wow thank
you my kitty a cutie in Cuba two cuties
in Cuba oh yeah look at you two teen
girls three girls oh my goodness guys
this is probably the best mojito I've
ever had in my life
like seriously it is so fresh come to
Cuba get a mojito what did you have did
you have a mojito
I need to put her to sit her down is
that the best apple juice it around did
she say
let's get you safe if you say baby
what
maybe she did it's paid off spending all
this time with us she hasn't even said
Francesca yet I think we're just gonna
head instead of doing arrested at or
we're just gonna bail on that we're
actually just gonna head into town and
have a look around feeling like I'm
going to do some tango dancing or
something yeah well we're gonna head
this way come on everybody this
positioning plates have achieved their
desires into reality we're holding their
hands over the mouth of this well hold
your hands over the men through well and
dream Emilia all your dreams all of your
dreams put them in did you put them in
all of them did you make sure to get all
of them okay that's it you've done it
well that's it you've got all your
dreams now that's it all your dreams are
probably gonna come true you should put
them in a well in Cuba all right we're
heading into town policeman
a Cuban policeman hey that's Cuba
Gooding jr. live here you got sand in
your shoe
yeah yeah we are heading into the main
square just like old town we're just
cruising around we're gonna finish just
please man Iran I'm gonna get a feel for
the people survived did you know right
now no shut up guys we were in class
San Francisco San Francisco Oh
why do you want to go let it go
first feud in Cuba and Eduardo got a ham
and cheese cross all having cheese cross
on the bean he's nice he's shopping out
for him
everyone got happy cheese best on baby's
coming then we're not gonna have a
cheese croissant
I also got another mojito so this is
more intense mojito more intense mojito
you got a solid I asked for the chicken
and had it has in brackets it was like
which chili so we're not really sure
what we're gonna get is a good Eduardo
is it good
yeah you like the Havana ham and cheese
but get your tongue in there
unless you know what you get oh also ham
and cheese croissant using incubu Vivian
- nincompoop oh my goodness it's between
a nincompoop butterflies and again -
and I got the
understand I'm having a liquid lunch I
think thank you thank you very much
Hey we are finished our lunch but I got
a Cuban coffee to go because I needed to
find out I needed to find out unless
yeah unless yeah I needed to find out
how good the Cuban coffees were because
everyone says the best coffee in the
world
I mean have another situation so she's
not wearing a shirt I mean yeah you like
you like the event on your name below
it's from Cuba guys explain to me what
this is there's no thing explaining what
it is there's just a woman on our
chicken
Wow that SPF 50 is really strong good
job you easy they can SPF 50 on the
children Eduardo come get your SPF 50
Sun cream
yeah good applying it's amazing Amelia
have you got your SPF 50 Sun cream on
because you wouldn't want to burn Wow
good thing we use SPF 50 Sun cream
Eduardo Eduardo Eduardo Eduardo you got
it it already you got to go to the
middle go to the middle go go and walk
into the middle get media walk into the
middle you gotta walk into the middle
guys walk into the middle no don't shout
at them just walk into the middle and
say hi to the pigeons all right guys
look where we are back at the ship we're
going back in the ship it's still here
Oh phew
I was worried that ship might be gone
and we'd have to swim all the way back
home could happen no it's the ship the
ship is basically our home for a while
alright are you ready to go back on now
who wants to go to kids club hand in
here and in Eduardo and in an it barn
are you broken oh there we go
alright let's go rub your hands together
and then dalinda dalinda tender then in
the middle ended a little bit and yeah
we're having the race on the ship - dude
who's gonna win who's gonna win who's
gonna win the day Oh guys guys cool yeah
this is like an octopus maybe baggie
mummy Daniel mommy no you didn't get one
today we obviously weren't good Oh
