good morning friends are my eyes i
screen show daddy oh you put the little
things on the top and everything oh my
goodness she's really proud of herself
is so cool I feel so hungover for that
party I think was the driving R and yeah
your eyes grow like puffy kind of like
you know you're driving really late
Oh sto this morning just eat our hmm Oh
wifey ah you should always hug and kiss
your wife in the morning
it just makes fresh to the table
smoothie mix it's an extension Sunday
snuggles snuggles yeah What's Wrong guys
is your carrots fall off when I can oh
you dropped your ice cream it's okay
look there you go hello can I have a
strawberry ice cream please no excuse me
do you work here why do you work here
nah
oh can I have a strawberry ice cream
please excuse me can I speak to your
supervisor please I have I have a
complaint I'll make you strawberry ice
cream oh thank you gee escalated in
situation I know I'll be as good as I
stand on this
Oh careful why don't let me give it a
sniff don't eat it we sniff it only adds
noise my strawberry ice cream did it it
it it it hit it
cars park varnish Jeanette you gonna do
a cart or Wow
you want to get out all right hop off Oh
sighs Jam let's jam and cake
that's not how show me how to use a
scooter properly turning white that's
how you use a scooter properly
hmm they want fast as you can
can have a Sunday we're at a frozen
sing-along song party odo odo do you
look at him that's the book in his hand
watching the movie hard core frozen fan
right there look at him eyes locked you
like this son dogs are like a darkness
all getting in earnest to what you want
you want to get up to come here oh all
right
all my children Oh Eduardo Pardo and Pio
a reindeer Carty Oh busy that me yeah
yeah yeah you are
we're making lunch daddy's outside
filming a video
well actually Spotify he's technically
the carriage and I'm making tuna which
is probably the kids favorite one okay
and I'm burning my new candle the media
is going through that phase where she
copies everything that we say it's funny
sometimes and annoying us hmm
you guys are cray-cray I like your
outfit though media and your support oh
very cute we have this a thing on
Sundays we always drug the kids so we
can have our nice relaxing time that was
actually two it's not true that is not
true
that's a jokey joke no was it was it
cold
he went partying Osama you go to parties
mister he's also got up what you have a
builder's bomb don't be showing me your
builders from get busy all right mister
oh how we supposed to open this look at
them this is like why does one this is
immediate one it pretty much so I just
filmed in a video for my channel if you
guys want to check that out it's all
about my cars and the history of the
cars and all the cars I ever owned
because I wanted quite a few cars hey
you know I it's hot I would explain
myself
explain yourself young man huh never
gonna put water to bed huh little sniff
nosies little mister sniff knows me and
me son gets at me sudden me son of a gun
he's got enough the sniffy nose whoa
whoa watch out whoa well watch Mike what
what what's you become photo yeah
oh whoa luckily we got away from them
okay okay chickens are in the middle of
the storm really a storm we got
animation alright you hop in here oh oh
oh and I will go and close up the lights
and stuff drag some music sir
his favorite Jam
I am alphago oh not yet all right down
now not yet wait for ladies when I go to
bed Bobby let's go I have to like this
how do you value answers if I yet care
if you do you want to a ballerina shoes
yeah I thought well now you want to go
to bunny now no no one day when I have a
tantrum me I attack a stamp but let us
print a song you going to call pets yeah
Princess Jasmine goes on a carpet yeah
what her tiger
it's going to be her try guys orange
it's orange yeah and her daddy is good
in color is brown white and jasmine is
to you Johnson's blue yeah well hug her
come a bit o friends I guess
let her boobies covered thank you
boobies are covered in blue yeah a hug a
hot dress in a dress yeah I'll finish
covered in blue
oh oh oh you a choir do up
okay thanks hi word oh yeah
hi word oh no he's always and down yet
Sookie she didn't know his house on the
way over for dinner you can sing really
excited about it it would seem I got my
music talking and that's the music
monkey yep I haven't got my my news
good morning light oh you have a nice
nap here you dancin are you a dancer
Prancer a dancer Prancer chancer Oh that
your music baghi oh you bringing it over
it's not mine is it weirdos yeah Oh
yours yeah you want to get down hey come
here mister let's get down sewing is
calm with some secondhand presents for
the kids
oh is it a video you too Joe you made it
they're really hard to make yeah yeah
took em two hours that video it's pretty
short Bay was much longer oh yeah you
shouldn't you shouldn't you should have
made the one that you bought it I tried
for like two days then I gave up a
banana took over but it's good because
you have to make the Lego first see this
this one has two little things you have
to actually make the dots you have to
stick to things in and make the mango
the PIAT that we gave thingy yeah have
you made that yeah no no I started I
know I made all the Lego then imma put
it together it's not my car I converted
plane will be a to Lego first so we're
very a pizza but these healthy nuts
don't want pizza
hey why can't you like pick all the
kings off the pizza like make a salad
more charges America you can't eat
tomatoes in this what can you eat
nothing solid leaves no more we're gonna
get food then the garden I like a close
Zoey parts of my car just is enough room
is it is a hand
no no just not a hunter's to three
fingers at the most oh my goodness well
I have to walk around the whole car I
can't actually talk it through that
hidey-ho just throw it in your lap
we're lap lap patrol I have the way
you've got the keys that huh oh that's
handy
you just hold everything Oh kill me
don't forget take it off the roof and
you smell my truffle fries oh I can
smell a truffle fries my gosh it smells
so good I should have got children price
and told me I could get chips or fries
I've never wanted triple price special
price okay and take a roof off again
buck look I am uploading another video I
am continuing the car history story you
should watch it if you want to know any
events all the cars I've ever owned sort
of a story video thing should watch it
it's pretty good so all the cars that
I'm around now having food okay we might
have made a slight mistake with you
ordering so I've ended up with this
giant pizza this burger and fries that
is a big pizza oh my goodness I might
need it tomorrow
otherwise and then we got double solid a
double salad and then we got some snarf
bell wine and guppy do you want some
pizza
oh there's plenty of pizza if you want
some beat that thank you what Joey has a
small little pizza over there hey I'll
be a usual he likes to pretend on the
blog that he's healthy hmm we all saw
him eat the cupcake and I mean it's
birthday your cold air now one quarter
and the media have just taken apart the
toy Panthro and amelia is becoming a new
Zoey and edoardo the new Joe okay 50
million subscribers were you're going to
need
better better Zelly Joe okay
he's never going to be touching roofs
touch it touch it roof show you tripping
what about what about Joe and Joe yeah
when I see it written down always read
it I am Lillian Joey I don't know why I
always read it that way my head yeah can
you can you ship platonic people I've
been like brother and sister
no platonic like friendship can you ship
a canoe ever French can have a
friendship holy crap is attraction come
from all relationships yeah I'm just
getting this now so my god yes me I
never got that so that we're shipping is
it's been around for years then yeah I
should like for all the other favorite
friendship relationship che wait cannon
have any kind of means it public well
kind of means camera no I don't think so
that's crazy come on you didn't know
that no one knew that somebody knew that
dragging her by bullets in that is fine
yeah duardo put Amelia's wallet or
always wanted I mean if it's always what
not her wallet but all the cards we open
you're bitten they're all sitting in
there video is - so we're doing training
for Alfie and Zoe they've had it they've
had a child from Nana it's a full family
training come on Ali you're gonna lose
out again as well
yeah in your case each given over
Lia come on I started it's a game now
alright so my 12 I can go back I know
whenever you're never supposed to trophy
oh you gotta aim higher have you seen a
aim higher oh I'm laying it on dead in
it and it's the ciccone Joe no sug Kony
Jolie's oh yeah so it is Zoey and Alfie
lovely family there look the sug own
dailies so going dailies there could be
a thing let's leave comments if you like
this if this video get when a million
likes we will make - not only British it
wasn't even looking for Irish photos in
protest beyond crazy bull trout oh yeah
anyway I hope you enjoyed this video
leave a nice comment for Alfie he reads
all my comments of his minor voice ah
alright we're gonna get ya see you guys
tomorrow expert watching say bye friends
goodbye friends
jeez
