good morning Frank hey boys and I are my
breakfast all of your banana and your
breakfast
wowsers oh oh it's a mushroom roses look
at these ones Amelia more there's loads
of them oh oh no oh okay
let's not tell mommy tell mommy this
happened it's okay it'll dry off in the
car I'll put the heater on yeah come on
I'll put the heater on
it'll dry off nicely no one will ever
know and of course it mommy watches this
video we're all in trouble right no
one's seen more than that and strong
mean keep it on the old day oh yeah all
right mrs. your car awaits we shall be
on our way to school boom boom I shall
bring them away to school boom boom
whatever you do don't drool in school
cuz that does not mean you're cool but
sometimes you have to drill in school
and it's okay to be truly especially if
your name is Julie say hi to all the
Julie's say hi Julie
say hi Julie oh hi
imagine we take I love we call her Julie
Julie Julie Julie hi Julie Julie
what's your what's your name your name
Amelia Thomasina that Coney goatee
that's your name don't wear that that's
these Daisy that's my name oh wait up
what I'll put the heater on now hold on
a second who's OMA my elbow oh my oh my
but he's almond but is it mommy's mommy
oh my as mommy's mommy you did this in
the car Sam and her friends in school
who has a dog there is loads of cars
here it's time oh that's a yellow car I
think
that's a black car the black car great
what's your favorite color car a pink
there's no pink on this for maybe you
could get but I only got one we are
writing the card can't see what's in the
card this is the special calendar
pre-order if you pre already calendar
you're going to get a special Christmas
card from Ciccone Jolie's right now
right now it's exciting 10k to a sinner
hello there car hello there car need to
clear this car out lads she's off on her
adventures no they can stay so anything
else in here Kolak a train thing same
thing maybe a dozen a go bar bonus like
give another way more money it's like
coming soon - yeah look at the situation
of s and these bad boys back to Ireland
oh it's a friend of ours a wedding
invitation Kim and Kiran
I'm my own car we missed that I think
you I have moon Emily unfortunately gets
the CDs you got Top of the Pops we got
some oriane monster we got some Spice
Girls you guys know when I bought this
over them we got the Fuji Lila it's the
way that mm-hmm was there was his boy
got into an accident I need white or
nothing
we're filming together today here yeah
yeah we're answering questions and this
will be up yesterday for you guys so we
hope yesterday yeah it's already up so
go watch it if you haven't watched it
yet and a lot of questions
oh we need another channel why did you
stand no we won't fit we yeah okay this
is how you know your child is a big
child and how about a name and a hanger
don't let them go you're a munchkin huh
look mommy and daddy came to collect you
today we have all your pages here
okay don't run out here
you be careful be full of care Oh
mommy's hands okay ready
whoa 3 ready 1 2 G 2 T ready 1 2 drink
railing wait last one
1 2 3 that was a big one all right let's
go to the car mommy's critiquing you
media's work did you do some shake
design Wow and you did some circles did
you do some circles you did some pink
did you not
okay look you came home at the same time
it's a family meeting did you have a
nice time
oh did you get that with shewhart oh you
seen my toe
did you look yeah we all went as a
family
a family outing mm-hmm run all the way
it's a race it's a race Go Go Go Go Go
Go Go come on Mauro you can do it you
can do it someday someday you got there
first you did it and it's busy editing
we did the Q&A if you guys want to watch
this it's quite informative we answered
a lot of questions about us and our
relationship and the kids and stuff so
I'll leave a link down below head over
to Anna's channel answered questions
that people like we haven't answered
yeah that's what we always do for these
Q news Anna we always read all the
questions but we always only pick
questions that we've never answered
before cuz a lot of people ask the same
sorta similar questions but to make it
interesting I think it stands for one's
universe before I think was good I think
there were good questions that I hadn't
answered before it I think you guys
don't know so anyway head over to
Hannah's Channel watch it ooh this is
Anna's is there Anna edits by the way
this is Anna editing the triple chin
this is called the triple chin what
exactly is going on here
where's your mind got the thing over
here
and then oh no oh no can I have a go now
what might change might change my change
oh the four little children
Oh beside your little children are you a
big person too oh I'm a big girl till
who'd you give a street you already I
was just outside bringing the dogs in
and I came inside maybe they're gonna
like giving that treats he'll sit okay
now hand it to tio
sit sit sit go boy here it's cuz I have
the Box in my hand it's fine about gonna
hire me now sit sit
no don't throw them who got that one
okay Syd give it to you fit I think
everyone has them now okay hold it Cena
got one give it to Cena quickly where is
he
I'll be give it to Cena okay
Cena quickly good movies got one oh yeah
I'm a big push you go give it a big push
you might have bump into something
no it's okay float the room
oh look why does he let himself go boy
why no good boy
did somebody say it was a Friday picture
party Friday night happen that's now I
am determined to get this oh so close so
close all right ah geez I can do this I
can do this all right before the day is
out I can push it
no I believe in an inning and help me
furnish and go outside I'll be food you
wide oh yeah
the phone pizza party Friday night pizza
party Friday night what is it it mean
yeah what is it
shout it shout it like you mean it
that's that's muttering shattered like
you mean it
hi ho hi ho
how about Tomo tonic hi-ho hi-ho it's
off the bat we go
I mean yeah I made it made a mistake
good bye go look at the back look what I
did by mistake it's very full isn't it
it was a trap
what's this one it'll totally one little
toe little toe eat any say put your
finger up point your finger don't what
was that what was that what you know I
nincompoop your head nincompoop say I've
been in Campu no a nincompoop
yeah boo boo boo all right come iet's
have a bath bath time bath time what you
gonna do do - bath time for you all
right
it's really late and it looks like
that's and it's ready for the party we
are going to a party in central and
tomorrow it's gonna be off the hook
anna has recently realized that on what
is it magic city planner which is like
an app for them if you want to travel it
house were trains and stuff to go and
figured out about walking because of
walking option so since then every time
we go somewhere so every time we go to
rounds like oh what type what side all
this the walking distance you should do
that if you're googling so every reason
you're sad left there's always an
options for walking that's very exciting
our lives our lives
so we're gonna it's a kids party inside
it's not enough to have party but em and
so our friends gonna be there
what time is that ten o'clock eleven
o'clock in central though because if the
kids are probably gonna drive I mean
partly there's parking it just means
you're gonna drive it cuz we've got the
kids at us taking the train with the
kids it's tricky you know at least they
can kind of not on the way home and so I
like you know so I have to get to bed
early even though it's like when I am
now because we're foolish foolish Andrew
Friday you can be foolish on a Friday
that's what they say anyway
say bye friends bye friends see you
tomorrow or come to the party
welcome to the party let me know it's
the new season the perfect opportunity
to do something bold something new
something beautiful I think I read that
wrong it's the cool wind though I
thought out on Twitter this morning I
was like that's a fun one it is it is
it's like this is your last chance for
new resolution even though my new year's
resolution was to make 52 videos on my
Johnson Jolie channel and I made five
but now it's like the last corner you've
got October November December and we
have like a couple of days left in
September I'm gonna do it this is the
last year's your last reprise to do your
new year's resolutions come on folks
anyway thanks much watching today's
video give know
like comment subscribe and I'll see you
tomorrow
