yeah
you're so cute today
mummy's going into London for storytime
and rhyme time right yeah are you gonna
be read a story mm-hmm you look very
pretty
those pajamas anyway so I'm going into
London with Caroline who is not common
hyerin's Caroline who is job her
managers wife and she's so lovely she
was that Amelia's birthday party and I'd
met her before then obviously but we're
going in to get ready Cheers
I'm so excited I went in with a Caroline
so are you gonna miss me
mommy I'm gonna miss you a lot maybe
I'll bring you back want to watch me
reverse the car sure thing friends hello
friends and welcome don't mind the
peeping so find a peeping unless it gets
really intense that's a lot that's a lot
of beeping all right if you look we're
going down a hill we're going down a
hill we're going down yeah we're going
down anyway how's it going
let's get ice so I'm uh so I said in the
other day in my video I was like I'm
going to make I wanted to make 52 videos
this year Jim right start here I was
like that's my promise I think I made
about five right so I can't be sure but
I didn't make that many that I can be
sure of so I really wanted to get back
get back to basics get back to business
and getting those rest of those videos
finished right so I came up with a plan
to start I just start making the videos
now then maybe we can get to business
get to work you know
I'm also very busy man
so a while ago a long time ago actually
I've been talking I've been in talks
with an idea to set up and that's
actually happened the company's up and
running now it's nothing to do with
YouTube or internet that's completely
separate a service actually that I think
when I actually am able to am properly
in answer but you know like there's a
lot of legal stuff and painting and
trade marketing and all that kind of
stuff it's it's a long process because
when we cope with like there's a bit of
a gap in the market for this particular
service so and it's also something
that's really beneficial to homeowners
so it's at the moment is happening in
our land on a very very teeny tiny scale
a start-up scale and hopefully by next
one I think by next month I might
actually be able to show you guys what
this business venture is and some of you
guys might be able to get it not not
involved per se but this is a service
that might be beneficial to homeowners I
think it's really cool you know it's
gonna start at Nara I'm gonna scale it
up to the UK and then maybe we'll see
how things go you know but um that's
been going on for the last few months
very busy so when I'm not in the vlogs
and stuff like that that's probably what
I'm doing so I just stepped into Topshop
Caroline who looks amazing and went over
cute toy shades and I've been offered a
free pair I'm really excited I first I
tried on a like a circular pair and I
was like that's what you trendy for me I
mean I need to tone it down but these
are the ones but I went before they look
really cool on I came home you read
where are some books at the library
Wow did the girl read a story too you
know
well story time oh if you get some lunch
yeah just in case you have fun yeah did
you have fun why no yeah you at your
snacks as well
sounds like a fun time isn't it
excuse you and you all right let's get a
Parkin huh come on inside munchkins
what's going on in here you have a bike
on this scooter yeah that's really cool
hey weirdo um I think you guys should go
inside and have your lunch though oh did
you play the ball Wow bring your ball
inside
come on her throw your ball over there
whichever you decide okay let's go
inside guys inside for lunch inside for
lunch
don't you want a lunch punch munch went
for the same color
we've just been walking along looking
for somewhere to eat and Caroline
pointed to this edge may 5th place which
looks like deli I think I recognized it
because I seemed I remember passing here
then passing there which has all the
yummy like cakes and like pastry things
I'm pretty sure that's what happened my
past here was like mmm and then I passed
I was like mmm but this looks this
reminds me of that Italian shop in Cork
if you guys remember
watchdogs from back then where we used
to go in and they would like self-love
bending Italian brandy oh it's just so
nice
I love it and it is why you should I
stick around and process of it I don't
know ghost effect the luminance trait
there we go it is done now I'm entering
ups what I just gotta go put immediate
to bed first
bellow bhai name is Brian bird aunty
mmm-hmm say good night to your friends
my friends rock no no this is just for
nap time this is the matinee the inter
what what I think of the intermission Oh
intermission of the show that's pretty
cool
crank it back oh that's good whatever
phases can you do
hey did you mind my teaching them did a
big smile one can you do faces um we see
one handful in the camera I can go or
like you our pull you put your hand in
your mat and pull you member you're
doing the mystery yeah I both hands go
hello my Dave's need yeah no no you keep
doing it I'll talk to you don't start
talking no no I'll do the talking
I'll do the talking right go no talking
just move because actually the lens is
an F 1.3 in these cameras so it's
actually brighter or you're seeing it's
really dark here do you love me the most
in the world you love the most in the
world
ready you see her hand silly use this
I'm ready 1 2 3
you're not fake good at it alright let's
go and have a snooze eg I can't come
who's that who's in peace Hey Oh funny
tasting things oh you like those things
but it wasn't great but it wasn't you
know so this is really really
interesting so I think I'm gonna go for
a solid but it comes look at my salad
how cool is that
and it's live I made it live most
exciting video ever if you did not know
or does this happen you should come over
to this channel it's called Jonathan
Jolie then you can come over you can
watch some of these videos but anyway
hey where's the subscribe button oh okay
well I think there's a subscribe button
here for you that's really weird it is
not subscribe button for me anyway
she totally check it out Here I am watch
from videos guess who's back back again
they don't actually watch this is first
company's first government under
comeback show hello welcome
finally Laura serenity so you will name
serenity always good topic come back
we're back no no just judge I'm crying
about it okay we got the churros
it came with chocolate right so I'm
sitting here in the guys I start dipping
this into the coffee and I'm like hi
guys don't be fighting over me now
I think it was good man
what a minute under a child always clean
the house
oh my little fella
I know what you doing
all right you good you cleaning the bin
are you cleaning the bin who are you
is that what you were doing this is
dirty yeah over here
he's just drunk you easy give it a clean
I got distracted
I had the tacos in the oven right and
then I was it's like doing something and
I cannot forgotten and they came back
inside and I was like because they only
take a few minutes to cook them too they
all burned so luckily I had a couple
left but anyway this is the kids once
he's wired hose let's get some dinner
guys all right
so we've been busy wardo high right oh
you have a mark in your hand white mark
your give me this it's gonna call your
marker marker give me the word oh jeez
where are the makeup as well no not the
makeup all right let's get out of here
let's go get some dinner okay why don't
you draw on anything I don't see if you
can see anything drama Wow
no whoa come on Taco Tuesdays this is
that you bring your kids in for dinner
taco turn thingy to you Taco Tuesday and
chocolate video is saying I was trying
to explain to her that it's mubarak
happy Eid Mubarak to all our friends who
are celebrating that today and I think
it's a couple of days it goes on for I'm
not a hundred percent sure I just know
that we
so many people around the world watch
our videos that I like to try and
identify what everybody that's like oh
you want chocolate all right what about
you mister that does not look safe you
want you want a cake you want a cake why
don't want a cake a shoe cake what
oh all right let's go have some cake and
that's it let's say goodbye to our
friends first okay my friends bye bye
isn't it amazing about the internet
because we are from Ireland Catholic
Christians like everyone else in our end
and we make these videos and yet people
from all over the world from different
ethnicities from different religions
from the who even knows maybe people
from different planets are watching
YouTube you know what I just think
that's really cool you know that we can
like reach just different people from
different ways of life and stuff like
that you know so I think that's really
cool I also think that handwriting is
very very cool it's Mubarak am I even
saying that wrong I'm probably saying it
terribly wrong I really apologize but
thank you friends for watching today's
video I hope you enjoyed it give it know
like comment a subscription and I'll see
you guys tomorrow goodbye
