good morning Sam good morning my
it does matter just go over there and do
a little twirl let's see wow your bow
and the whole thing is mixed together it
looks amazing
we're bringing our little dog again with
us now hopefully dad doesn't go on a
journey around the world and forget the
little doggy huh
so beside wouldn't it we have arrived at
our destination we like thank you picnic
some picnic days which picnic days I owe
you tell me okay tell me huh
best friend I mean yeah would you do me
a favor though would you stop throwing
up so fast well I am thank you a big
girl I know but it's happening very fast
but I need a glow lay flat well I know
you want to grow up very fast cuz when I
was a little boy I wanted to grow up
very fast but you see I didn't take into
consideration my parents feelings about
their growing up very fast so you can
grow up very fast but like just a my
little baby girl though at the same time
well I oh no you're not a baby
oh you are a big girl
yeah baby
remember that time yeah that was so cute
we had the picnic there and guys
heavy rush Jake buh-buh-buh-buh-buh
buhbuh slow walk after dropping the
child to work alright to school don't
work
it's amazing how much life can change
one minute you've got two little
children and then you've got this little
toddler and is still a baby and
everything's just going along and then
one day you realize that all of your
children are kind of growing up and in
school and yeah just going off now to
visit a school to look at school for
Amelia like a proper school where she's
gonna have like a uniform and like a
proper proper school how is how we even
at this point wasn't it media like
didn't I have babies I don't know if I'm
ready to like have children I go to
school and wear a school uniform and
I've hole marking things I was that
thing that we have to perform for our
children and it's done all there's
trench coats and off it's a it seems
like a trench coat kind of school it is
cold so I feel like we're going for like
an audition or something an interview
yeah it's not for us oh but it's for the
kids it's like no anyway let's go oh
yeah we will update you later on when we
get back
wish us luck
we are home oh my goodness lads I got so
emotional did you get emotional I was so
emotional wasn't it it was like me she
went to like school all over the first
skill again all over again yeah I know
again it's what that feels amazing like
it's amazing I want to go to that school
first off I hear yep yes stop growing
cool scare everybody you want to scare
everybody do you do you want to go on a
little adventure we got a little chore
to do want to go somewhere fun fun
adventure with dad do I remembered huh
you know doggies still here I didn't go
somewhere with your doggy hey turn I
know I go the way listen to me so we're
gonna go somewhere fun okay not a froggy
place it's somewhere that mommy and
daddy were not today and we really liked
but I have to drop some things in but I
thought I would bring you along with me
does that sound like fun all right honey
seatbelt on oh that hey we're I suppose
yeah hello Harry Harry how are we doing
hello hurry hurry
whoa hurry hurry now listen to me listen
to me are you where are you going to a
little sleepy naptime maybe
hello Harry Harry hello Harry
no stop your hello Harry Harry's now
compared to me mean yeah I want you to
get in that's all so bad you know that
they said to me tomorrow you have to
give up all of your cars and immediately
go into school I would do that you don't
know what that means to me what I would
do that I would give that gold award hmm
so good anymore in my life right now
okay come on then is my helicopter I
didn't actually yes my loving wife
hello Harry Harry we can add for pink I
love it mommy's gonna do her exercises
why so she can be fit and strong healthy
yeah you do exercises do you want to do
an exercise video with me and you see
yeah totally there that the three of you
yeah
you should move in your like like sweats
like that it would imagine her like full
leg swing yeah yeah yeah like dressed up
like proper like hey guys oh we're going
to be so much fun
that's correct you go fast okay
so when we eat too many sweets no not
just well I need too many seats every
day so basically oh you put in the bin
then what
seriously I know but I live in let's
kill them yeah for every tear that's
just a video idea I mean yeah videos
running daddy hmm
video what video we do together we're
gonna do that moving yet parking so
we're gonna make a video about parking
the mommy's thinking we could film it
next week or something cuz we're doing a
video of a parking apparently wow mom is
not the best person to your video
they're parking wimps yes hey watch that
is too many videos to watch you could do
cupcakes I'm a cupcake so you're making
video in a while inside he knew pop yeah
it's exciting to New York in like two
weeks or three weeks of some that'd be
so much fun
oh my goodness don't forget check that I
had streamcon you guys I do you think
you can get tickets and stuff is this
convention about streaming I'll leave a
link down below ask you like them like
the Leeds event don't forget if you
donate 20 pounds to the RSPCA you're
guaranteed if you're in the first 200
people to come and see us come and hang
out I'll be so cool
someone fun things were there anything
more fun things huh and if you have you
kicked the like button you get one of
these there's one for everyone in the
audience
that's I'm in a bit of an emotional
state but you know he's like after going
to that school today
I'm like oh she's talking down to
downstairs ready it's like you're such a
little baby like crying like I just like
I don't know I just feel like I'm not
ready to give up like half a journey I'm
not ready then I have like big I just
feel like the grown-up waves you fast
journey and I'm like I believe that
emedia it's like going off to school
like this exact was like do you remember
when it meaning oh it's good at nursery
I got like this is that like I don't
know I'm just like I think like
sometimes I feel that like when I
because of how I was like when I was a
kid like the life that I lead led in my
childhood I feel like I kind of did not
which I'll turn an oil that goes kind of
stolen from me because of the situation
and you know when I go and see things
like that school today you know going to
all the classes and I can imagine Emily
Darrin oh my god want that so much for I
feel like I'll be soft because I think
that like I want to kind of go that's
good you know the mean of like I want
little Jonathan to go to rescue and
little Jonathan to have a media and the
guardo's life in a kind of way and I
know it's kind of silly you know I'm not
trying to like live vicariously through
my children or anything like that you
know I'm just like a one damn to have
the dream life that I wanted as a kid
like there's something and then I get so
emotional when they grow up and I'm just
like growing up or something like that I
don't know I'm just very emotional today
or something about it I don't know I
don't know I'm just like and then the
dwyer Nova's like it's like lately like
he's so talked and have any such a
little grown open he he did you know
right you stop it you're supposed to
read no baby wardo he's not video I
don't know anymore I mean he's like
she's like she's not toddler and she's
like she's like a child journey I mean
like a like a little girl I like
what happened I'm like oh my goodness
it's like you you're not you're not
ready to become a parent you're never
really ready to become a parent right
and then you give it a kid you know am I
supposed to do here and then you totally
went yet because no one really knows
what they're doing dude I mean like you
becoming a parent anyone can be a parent
there's no one like you don't get tired
if we gonna parent we the so larry has
like carefully cane and changed nappies
not like crap right that's something you
kind of learn but nothing will prepare
you for the emotional roller coaster
that's coming up over the next like 20
years or 50 years I don't know maybe it
never ends like I'm just like oh my
goodness I'm very emotional today I'm
gonna go just cry alright we are having
chocolate pizza for dinner today no
we're not we had at prawns and pasta
we're watching a greatest show in the
world
Sakuni Chili's and we're having
chocolate pizza for pudding
that sounds pretty epic leave a comment
if you'd like some chocolate hit the
like button if you like a chocolate
pizza huh when you think why don't you
want all we need to cut it up okay hold
on let's get some knives oh the kids are
struggling okay okay you have a pizza
cutter yeah no way Samia Anna in here
we're doing like the clean up and all
that stuff and then we realize it got
very quiet all of a sudden I got silence
silence can only equal mischief when it
comes to children are we being
mischievous in here huh so I am forever
hiding markers and makeup the two ends
markers are makeup sorry
djenka but at least you're not putting
it on themselves this time actually yeah
putting it on the floor hair
why not the floor on the thingy here
bloody markers and makeup the two things
you don't want around the children
Marcus I make their your favorite things
that I did you drew a drawing for me
let me see
okay present it to your friends and talk
me through your art that's really close
oh we didn't make up he's a baller head
to toe in Armani your bother yeah yo
Bianca he's licking the makeup pig is
eating the makeup Nick is eating the
makeup she's a makeup eater all right
shall we go to have a bath everybody
yeah you wanna have a bat I want to have
a bath
well I wanted to have a bath imagine
that's the quarter Joey's had a
pantomime show Christmas
oh no you didn't and you're no Armenia
it was like ha sorry my imagination get
the better of me there seriously that
could be a thing it's going to JS
pantomime uh-huh all right let's go to
bed say good night friends say my
friends your go say bye friends bye
friends thanks for watching your video
friends and now for some snapchat videos
don't forget to Like favorite comment
and subscribe
what she's in the shower
I'm in the shower that's right
is there enough room Potter be on the
show
in the shower pulling the shower off its
belly power what are you doing oh yeah
they wondered out with this this
chocolate have you shove it all that
stinks
I think it's a sting Kurama extinct
around my life don't be a sneak around
