you're so cute all right let's go mister
mister
never seen a man so eager to go to
school you're bringing your doggie good
morning friends we are off to nursery or
sorry school and we are bringing our
little dog
but where's doggie thing in the car yeah
doctor you can't come to nursery or
preschool no that would be silly
wouldn't it yeah so we're bringing
doggie in the car but then we're gonna
leave doggy in the car so doggies here
when we get home not right yeah and when
I collect you later doggy will be in the
car waiting for you
no in the car here or maybe at home
depends we'll see how the day progresses
no in the car yeah okay okay okay so
today I'm getting new trace I think I
think that's what I'm getting
I'm not even completely sure but um also
I wanted to address something because a
lot of people have been saying in the
comments I've noticed that my lips look
bigger did I have lip fillers bla bla
people have actually been saying that
since I started YouTube and no I've
never had lip fillers I've always had
pretty big lips um but I will say this
the Invisalign pushes my lips out
sometimes and when I talk it makes them
look a little bit different like a
little bit fuller not even like
intentionally but it's just like I don't
know how to describe it but it pushes
out and it wasn't even me that noticed
it was a friend of mine that said it to
me she was like that's why people are
saying your lips look bigger it's
because the Invisalign pushes that so
just wanted to clear that up
I have not nor would I ever probably get
lip fillers and nor have I ever had them
in my life okay you put it there and
tell her to say their name is I have to
make her talk no hi puppycat tall Oh
puppies can't talk but I heard you
making the puppy talk when I was driving
what did you say he said okay I'll stay
here in my mouth
no dick in the house I'll stay here and
mind the car stay in the car okay are
you jumping up to the front what okay
you bring in your bag oh well I get it
oh I should get it so you carry me I
need to carry you all the way to school
yeah so I shall I'm a big girl so you
need me to carry you away to go rat okay
sure so so questions coming off your
shoes coming off my dress is on I got
your shoe
it is it's very pretty alright jump over
there let me get the bike all right
Oh No I thought it was gone forever let
go
it actually takes it sometimes half an
hour you can get out of the car
you go to school while the lesson in the
jacks and the games marry huh you miss
dog you know but dog you be down we get
home yeah you have six wheel dogs at
home how can you miss one little toy one
no what do you mean it's so traumatic I
can't see anything you can't no look Oh
little bumps yeah I'm not really no guy
you made it out like your big train
tracks and like camera headgear
my brother had headgear you know you had
to put the thing on the wrinkle that's
what I taught you were gonna come home
like what I came right there say hi
ah supporting to web culture I know the
Webster right yeah I mean he said that
there was it what I just want to see the
closeness of this so did you actually
make contact here oh my goodness meet
him what did it was a team out screaming
it was like physics and I was like
inching inching into I wanted to leave
you know the room you left me loads of
room but this part over here no kids
back from nursery but where's my little
doggy I don't know which one you mean I
think it might be in Daddy's car yeah we
go back home and rest okay so that's my
cousin all right nobody can't get that
guy it's my gun okay let's sit in your
seat now the kids are in bed and I'm
just about to work out with Lucy oh
there she is
eight
we just finished our work out and now
we're doing one for his channel which
this is our like setups on a bookie but
yeah that was really hard but really
good so we're going to check it these
channels
lfyou our fitness for this video that
we're going to film right now um that
video will be on her Instagram not hurry
Japan sorry I got that wrong but yes so
I'm going to get changed now I'm again
as friends I have been so busy all day
know who is it also even spoke well so
when I drop the media to nursery and
it's not like half for wowzers it was a
busy day I've missed you you've been on
my mind all that on you mean always on
my mind
any Willie Nelson fans there what up do
any Oh up so I'll go again let's gotta
go anyway to start I drop it and say
how's it going look it's lashing rain
lashings and lashings of rain buyers and
girls
Beckham lashings are in and it don't
like it don't like it one bit
and I might hold any second now will be
taken off holding baby how's it going
how's it going there no he can't say you
can say Chris Curtis yeah Wow is that
what you have for your lunch today
yeah well mm-hmm and I ate Jessica oh
and did you have chicken or something
yes yeah uh yes yes I did contacts
mm-wha a big go huh no I ate a not what
are you having right now time go boy
cool can you say pineapple yes good boy
can you say coconut you say Coco Coco
good boy hmm you're gonna have your
coconut now you guys are so cute don't
deport or do you that oh I'm home with
the dog I head out of my car all day
long I mean II was freaking out because
she thought I didn't have the dog yet
hello doggies no no Alenia hey Irish
hiya I'm sorry I took that on a journey
with me today I forgot it was going on a
journey what do you have never again is
that it is it barred from the car yeah
is it barred from the car did you miss
that
today did you miss me no I guess that
yes that so you can tell done oh that's
cool isn't it yeah I have it try oh can
I have a try
oh wow I see it it's amazing
did you miss daddy today oh yeah yeah
get that you hug get over here right now
give daddy a hug
okay wired oh give daddy a hug
ah haha I'm rainy sorry I didn't realize
I was rainy okay you can't give me a
cuddle cuz I'm rainy that's not fair hmm
I'm making dinner and my tooth right
here at the front tooth has been like
shaved in the middle like you're when
they take like a teeny tiny bit off just
to like make it fit I've heard a lot of
people who getting this one you have to
do that so that's what she did today but
in between they're like in the new gap
it's so sore it's like so painful
anyways so I'm making it chicken Thai
green curry but you haven't have you
quite a while announcer there's chicken
veggies which I'm trying to find the
chili pepper I'm not sure if there is
one in this one and then for wheat
noodles I used coconut oil and our good
friend boy I fly my nigga I take a bath
II
is it yogurt yeah is it Eduardo yep is
it kangaroo oh okay I spy no I need it
right okay go
I spy my god honking desperate hmm look
at this look at this all the doggies in
the media of what a pop-up book oh the
pop-up card who is that Cinderella okay
I'll be Cinderella and you're gonna be
about don't through messin up right bow
yes o princess lol sorry sorry okay
hello how are you and fine I mean like
that's wrong yep I turn up with your
best friend
whatever backward oh wow no oh one have
a shower are you stinky
wow you're stinky Oh stinky are you
thinking Oh stinky you go swimming
tonight yeah we're doin swimming today
mm-hmm Martin swimming lessons now hmm
was it fun
was it yeah oh wow yeah yeah we're all
in the bed and the little one said roll
over roll over so it wider rolled over
what are you doing don't eat the camera
oh but why can't daddy why can't daddy
do it not mommy
I've got muscles Oh mom only has one
muscle oh boy oh we were - oh all right
come here to me and stare nursery in the
morning even though there is no nursery
no morning anymore
Oh charity we'll do it here so you got
the truck no whoa careful yoy no go
ready it's necessary and no harness yes
hi Lena morning old ballet tomorrow's
Nick
you guys you guys have a hectic week
right
okay well say bye thanks for watching
I'm Bali in the morning till we gotta go
to bed
are you what oh no you wanna go Mars bed
have a little sleep I think if you go
martyrs bed you'll have a little jump
around don't have a little jump around
ready all right night-night you too
ladies oh thanks party lights on stuff
Stefan stop okay night-night guys no see
you tomorrow
sometimes I think maybe we should put
them in like a room together like you
imagine you two time sharing a room but
it would probably just end up in mayhem
and mischief every single night and no
one would ever get to sleep so we voted
against it but it would be kind of fun
maybe we have like you ever have more
children and we have like more boys and
girls like boys now because me and my
brother had one room mighty sisters had
another room an admission even mayhem
that ensued was pretty crazy but there's
a fun memories to have you know so any
witty good ends late look it's a
homemade end slate today it's really
cute hope you enjoyed this video give it
a like comment subscribe shion's
and whatever else is done myself and I
are heading into London it's a lashing
rain Amelia are heading to ballet that's
that's my update for today
goodbye
