good morning friends good morning
friends we are heading to school Amelia
has a nice new coat on you don't write
the coach I don't have you don't like
the hair you're a hair on my hair new
hair oh the coat Harry is it a hairy
coat well come on we'll bring it to come
on we'll just bring it to school and
then your highness
what was I thinking not carrying you huh
your highness there goes it open up to
me what's a rainbow face yeah that's a
rainbow face yeah oh because your tongue
is the rainbow oh do rainbow face that's
cool did you learn that in school
oh no passes anti sighs Frodo good Oh
with the video yeah cool okay well we're
at school Oh remove this clunky clunk oh
well we just got here I just took it off
why because you don't need it now
because we're here
look at the face the face of defeat hi
there right there nope good luck did you
enjoy your tour of United Kingdom
recorded that I would have been
brilliant like I was on the phone to me
lost in the UK driving around
hopelessly that was so funny oh my
goodness what should have been like what
a five minute thing turned out to be
like a 40 minute thing no an hour it's
actually time to collect Amelia from
school how long you've been high genic
um no because I need to have my lunch
I've got a headache again
really you're in sorrento we're drinking
as I said I was thinking like 2 or 3
litres a day I'd always down like a pint
before bed oh good job we're here we're
not as much yeah we're gonna go see The
Dropper at home we're gonna go I haven't
had lunch either but I thought we would
get lunch there
I know what's gonna happen oh yeah okay
Pizza Pizza Pizza Pizza Parlor corn now
which one can daddy have pick one for
daddy I'm dory hot and extra spicy you
know that anyone's that one is water
like tuna and sweet corn as well ain't
that add to order maybe fit oh I have to
order now
yeah where's the me yes what does the
media want do you want pineapple cheese
do you want ham cheese no just cheese oh
you want to share a word oh okay that
looks like a big old cheese pizza hmm
garlic right I mean he else any sides
act or nerd order gonna have to get
daddy something no daddy likes a little
pizza that's a big old grown-ups have
big pizzas okay which one does daddy
always get daddy gets me daddy is
awkward remember making things difficult
hold on daddy's too awkward order so we
get something like is it a chicken feast
and then we take things off or something
yes small one please
now before you think oh he gets a small
one I also get a stripper combo yeah I'm
a little girl and we open it yeah why
does a baby part is a toddler is he are
you a toddler daddy likes chicken
strippers all right lads would you like
a little bit of marriage advice it's
always important to surprise your loved
ones with gifts I don't expect it has
been baby's age as I tell and she has no
idea that I sneaky but a plan in place
to get all the information I needed
together at ease and she is not
expecting it at all because it's just a
random Friday and give it to her
just
because my lover Mia
oh here's the gift feel I call it that I
love you Friday gift but why because I
love you and it's Friday
that's not my birthday so doesn't always
have to be a special occasion to give
someone you love a present she always
gets presents every day why because you
really wanted them I don't really want
to be somewhere in Beverly Hills but
maybe the mines around I was like you
know what I love you and you should have
them I'm down with that yellow wow it's
not really fun Amy now if any dog and
now we will continue with the pizza
party on this Friday night unfortunately
can I open it for me what the latches on
my trans actually able to do this with
my foot it's not working Oh like I can't
actually put that there you go hi
everybody I got some pizzas what do you
think pizza cuz it's a party Friday no I
need to party on a Friday night
hello why do on a Friday night your love
daddy
so we decided to bake our own pudding
after you had our pizzas royal or an
Oreo pudding cake hey wait a second wait
a second tell me down honestly did you
did you lack any of the ball how much of
it did you like can you say we are old
what's Oreo backwards oh you don't say
that like a shoe show your show our
friends you turn around turn around
no go stomp your party shoes their party
shoes
yeah night time not cool hmm we'll be
with you
exciting everyone's waiting here for
some Oreo cake oh my goodness look like
a giant Oreo that is so Matthew doh I
know you're supposed to refrigerate oh I
don't II know it's gonna happen it's my
job
that how is it working out great looks
just like an Oreo it's like somebody
microwaved an Oreo possibly you guys
ready for your microwave or your cakes
it's John it's like it's like an Oreo
shake it is actually you know you want
an Oreo shake can you shake an Oreo hmm
I know you're supposed to shake Tic Tacs
but you can shake Oreos - did you didn't
look at this little fellow running
around with a wooden spoon
when I was a kid is he a beaten with a
wooden spoon I don't know you guys
rather be a parent they go into Drive
like when you hear that sound like I'm
getting this what's happened look at
that these spoons are made for eating
and that's just what they'll do
cuz one of these day this spoon is gonna
put chocolate all over you boom boom
boom boom boom what exactly is going on
in here oh it's the N key causing
trouble are you talking about me no hi
gee what a bad time what point when your
covers okay night-night you to go to
sleep
night-night you to watch your on that
decide okay you be mommy cuartos gonna
be daddy okay ready and go
our dough into our dough okay this is
the true story my friends and we reached
the end of the video but not really
because I'm going to stick in a little
sneaky kefir because last night myself
but I don't like the movie and I went to
make popcorn and I remembered I had a
popcorn maker and then watch the
following clip thanks much video give it
a like comment subscribe see and I'll
see you tomorrow
bye
oh no oh no oh no the cup for machine
exploded
Paloma she makes love it back oh my
goodness just like exploded like oh it's
still going
like it's like exploding
