tomorrow is Christmas
did you just feel all my stars my toys
if you would like to win don't forget
use the hashtag ask a Xmas I'd use the
hashtag sanic and then to me this
question friends how excited are you and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
I can't wait for Christmas
and the lad saw the Christmas
all right yesterday I was feeling quite
poorly so I wasn't really able to do
want to feel V logon for you guys but we
did manage to rustle together some tips
to you guys santa is coming so enjoy
this the spoilers that spoilers you know
can't be given spoiler it had to happen
everyone else that are cold and I was at
house no no that's for tomorrow's vlog
spoilers thank you know Eduardo you want
your hair tip laughs you want to Pat
said join me too but do not get your
clap whoo whatever what's the clap ooh
so as most of you will know we have
recently been doing it clear out of our
basement
saying goodbye to things that we don't
need anymore because it's just clogging
up space you may have seen on recent
vlogs that I organized the basements is
and I was really proud of myself so now
I'm gonna be moving on to the bathroom
because I have so many products up there
especially like in my bathroom cabinets
or like bathroom drawer that I don't use
and they're just laying around taking up
space and I've just decided I'm gonna
say goodbye to everything that I don't
need and just make space for the things
I actually use around the time that I
got pregnant like even the first time
that I got pregnant like with the media
that I've just tried to tone it down
with the products that I use and like
the ingredients in there like I've tried
to pay more attention to that and I
never really cared about it before
Amelia has always had really sensitive
skin and when she was a baby she used to
have reactions to her bath products and
I really didn't even know anything about
it because I have normal skin I mean on
my body like not my face is a different
story but for everything else like it's
always been pretty normal
same with Eduardo but with Amelia and
whenever Jonathan would bath Amelia as
well he would get a reaction like on his
hands so it just that coupled with like
just pregnancy wanting to be more
natural I just started researching more
about it and I met with a skin care
expert who told me that and explained
that it's actually like perfumed
products and like fragrance products and
that's usually the ingredient in there
is like a perfume or a fragrance that
will cause irritation lately I've just
been looking for things that won't
irritate Amelia or Jonathan's skin or in
fact the whole family because now we've
got Alessi as well and same with her
like with all of them I just want them
to be like as chemical free as possible
with their baby products okay some of my
bathroom now I've just finished clearing
out this drawer here which was full of
stuff that I don't use anymore I wanted
to show you guys I mean that's really
been working for the family like the
whole family which is Sanok 0% this is
the sensitive skin one and it is paraben
colorant and soap free it just works
really well for the whole family
including amelia and jonathan who both
have more sensitive skin and i just find
that it works really well on everyone
you can get like the kids one as well
you can also get the anti-pollution one
which I really really love I love the
smell of that actually it's really good
for if you live in London and it removes
like all the impurities and stuff that
clogs up your pores from stuff like
pollution and you can use it on your
face and body which i think is really
cool but with the gentle formula of this
product it really reduces the risk of
like an irritation or an allergic
reaction which could be caused by any of
those things especially like heavy
perfumes or fragrances so I just wanted
to share that with you guys because I
feel like a lot of babies and they're
not even babies but like a lot of people
with kids and some people that just have
sensitive skin in general struggle with
this and it's something
I never even thought about before but
now I'm after having especially just
Emilia I have just been more interested
in that kind of thing so hopefully this
helps you guys and yeah let me know that
you've tried it and what you think look
what arrived guys our Duchy organic
turkey look at the size of thing for
nine hours
look at the size of this thing though
don't you certainly got enough Turkey
for the whole family it's gonna be
cooked you remember I made that
Thanksgiving turkey that year yeah I was
like the best turkey ever made you know
al M sip right it's like Oh doesn't
taste that good look what they've done
they've brought in a new one apple and
cinnamon oh my goodness this is my
little trick you take the tray out right
that's an Assessor work for me get any
extra coffee ash then you put the ramp
zip in you can using espresso machines
to make our nieces finish speaking
assess the stress on them sit tight guys
you know we forgot to do hmm
change this why are you so help me find
number three here is our three miss Evie
alright let's put this one in here wait
is that right yeah no looks like a bum
goes this way whoo three days till
Christmas
okay you got a hole to hold it together
hold your behavior together unless yours
tastes rusks yeah oh yes please oh no
you just lost it
no unless he said nope nope nope nope
unless he says no no you have me mrs.
Magoo some boxes came you need some help
opening them what is that what's why I
don't know no Amelia tell the boys and
girls what happened what got delivered
no come here Nucky what happened
and call Cole some coal got delivered no
is it for you do you think no well
hopefully you've still you still got
like a few more days so hopefully you
know you don't end up with coal for
Christmas
well I taught me if you can help me open
this wowsers alright what is all this
are they tutus this is wait wait is it
too deep for the whole family
no no what does it say
Kirsty Doyle Kirsty to a starlet where
it share it
wait is this on oh wait there's a
Tootsie for Ana I bet a Tootsie for
Amelia and then a tutu for alessia Oh
guys yeah that's so cool thanks Kirsty
Doyle Oh a pink box on the straw No Oh
benefits um I mean I think mommy knows
best mommy does not benefit oh my
goodness oh yeah no what is that
Auckland for the occupation series
augmented reality flash cards
ooh prepare to be amazed I will and hey
that's the same thing boo a coloring
book a 4d a coloring book okay yeah see
we got here what's it mmm-hmm that's
cool Oh another 4d thing
what's all the 4d stuff lights so much
for tea stuff I like the fourth
dimension y ou don't wreck it don't
wreck it don't wreck it maybe you can
read that tonight that seems cool jingle
all the way
what mmm no the present unopened is the
future oh it's kind of cool
discount Johnny Merry Christmas we have
said
Eduardo lesson Emilia a little something
to help them prepare for Santa Claus no
oh
Amelia oh don't take it out don't take
it out it's bringing upstairs and show
mommy
that's so cute it's little stockings I
know but it's not really cute what you
want to stockings now kids have opened
all of the cards huh look at this one
immediately loves this one I think it's
homemade it's got like it's got two cats
in there but it's like got glitter so
glitter is gonna be everywhere then we
got a little snow one from Gemma yeah
you can't this is from this one here
guys this is from Sammy Sophia and
squiggles and then we've got this one
here with a little bear one those from
Julie and the boys and this one is from
Alice and this one's from Charlotte this
one is from Sierra and someone sent all
these different cards was it
oh say thank you to all the boys and
girls it were to say thank you guys what
guys
Giannini
Eduardo Eduardo in the media oh nice
Oh run escape I like that like that -
gay a lot better that my trap well it
safe I see my friend oh my goodness guys
guys you just faced I'm Santa Claus
how cool is that now when you're naughty
I'm gonna ring him am I gonna tell
Edessa is feeding herself she has a
little brioche bun there
I'm just eating in herself and as you
can tell I'm still living - flexitarian
life these are these Linda McCarty's the
new McCarty mozzarella burgers because
like because like I'm am a flexitarian
we are I think we are flexitarians
everyone is oh yeah everyone you guys
affected areas I think you are what are
we doing guys we're making s'mores Xena
so we have a candle instead of a fire
this is exciting guys I don't think I've
ever actually had s'mores to be honest
to be completely honest overnight you
having s'mores either isn't proper
s'mores I know well it's kind of like
s'mores I see it trust me this is your
first time of is it your first time in
chocolate yeah I did okay
yeah she doesn't know what it is don't
fight it she thinks it's like meters of
me and I see unless you trust Trust
trust good girl
now let's watch your face as you realize
thus begins your obsession my friend
yeah that is my off this mug for
chocolate
see you around this is where I don't
what you want to dip it in white
chocolate and then you eat it
careful menu yeah and then I kind of
like that's like that and then you dip
it in the chocolate then you try this
mister hey what are you wrecking it
right back
what do you think of that what do you
think it out right oh is that good
hey guys
so I got my toys I realize that oh
you're a good little ogre
I'm looking for something nice look no
he caught a call
