good morning friends did you see that
I tried the spell good morning you can
kind of see it here look look at this
fellow good morning it didn't work let
them put the bins out last night and at
last rain but I just put the mats
recycling once it was all mushy and
pushy you know sad day that's what's not
a sad day but am I'm organizing the
removal of this car in this car we've
had them for so long well this one
particularly with her for so long it's
Cayenne it's it's been in such a long
journey with us but I'm I'm shipping
them back to Ireland they're going back
to their go back to the homeland rides
so long farewell it's mad at like you
can get at a sheep and he's like it
means you so much
me and this little lad here don't really
sad to see her go you know but we're
upgrading her to a new one still I feel
like feed you so much she got I feel
like you know knows montages that like
people make all the time feel like one
should be like more the bikes of the
mountains and like everything and then
same is Alan's work they're going back
to the homeland lads hi
hi everybody hi everybody
let's go do you have a makeup hey good
morning Eduardo this is the official
morning greeting from the Dougie's
menthol yes you guys see this yesterday
huh cleaner my cancer was here and so
hearted like oh my god yeah oh my god
I'm actually put that on she anyway she
gave this in a little football coz yeah
therapy starts this weekend orange
actually pretty good I wrote me yeah
we're heading to story time and rhyme
time not right yes now we need to put
this scooter inside its gonna get rusty
right come on and wet yeah
yep the garage or the garage I have
never said garage we're not taking
mommy's car today there's only one car
seat in and also mommy might be gotta
get a new car we're on our way
everybody's trapped in the library yeah
are we gonna get some books okay do you
want to get a book to Dwight Oh
does he owe
space and moons oh pretty much
everything that George likes right
Rockets yeah dinosaurs hmm he does yeah
all right guys look I don't you guys to
go man okay but we pick up a new car
today that's what I was doing all day do
you guys want to see what it is I just
feel like we needed a more sensible car
for the kids to take them a nursery and
stuff and I thought this was probably
the best the best solution you know it's
a bit of a runaround her you know I can
fit Amelia's stuff in the boot I don't
know let me leave some comments if you
guys know what you think you know it see
I just you know I just felt like I
needed one of these in my life you know
it's actually Paul's car oh that is
ridiculous isn't it
isn't that ridiculous this is actually
my car where is the last two cars you
probably saw haven't been my car yeah
this is ridiculous technically it's an
LP 60 - for no idea what that means to
me and most everyone else is the
Lamborghini yeah black Lamborghini
Weinberg Lamborghini
that is ridiculous it feels like you're
just sitting in an engine that's what it
feels like it's just like I'm in an
engine in an aircraft does it fly yeah
I'm terrified to get into the car
because the man's gonna scare the crap
outta me
okay wait we got into second gear I was
like no no no keep it in first keep it
in reverse just to be safe like I'll bet
you it is still quick and reverse but
I'll just
so you like most of me have probably
never sat inside one of these things so
it's Rajini looks like these buttons and
stuff like that and sweet donkey is
right a fighter jet fighter like
something cooler like you know this
stuff up here like no one actually knows
that that's forever looks so funny he
doesn't even do anything
yeah
it's not oh my god it's not like a
safety video we have to watch first boy
I can hear TT bells AHA there's no thing
to hold on doubt that is a road the road
will end at some point afraid of this
this is called Corsa mode - super race
mode
okay okay thanks bye
I'm ready to go home now I can walk
against my stomach every time I can't
imagine what it does see you oh my
goodness
don't ever if you're in Lamborghini you
never press the Corsa but it's not not
for human consumption or something
immediate I love this go faster dad
right so we just finished up that was
like a half hour
it was very intense but I think stop
because a lot of people were like woah
there's so many people here compared to
usual so I think maybe that was just
like a once-off that there was a lot of
people and it's quite a small library
too so I don't know I think they they
liked it but it was a little bit like
they didn't really know what's going on
because there was so many people there
and I felt bad for the woman that was
doing it because I would have been like
like nobody was listening nobody who is
really like following along that well so
yeah but it's kind of an idea of
something to do like if you know it's
not weather or like if there's nothing
else really going on so now we're going
to pick up some shoes for media because
as you can tell she's wearing just these
like older ones that are kind of like
high tops but I think she needs some
winter B oo TS in a lift no yeah we do
need to cuddle it
oh and a lift now Oh cuz the shopping
center yes we do so I'm hoping that
neither of them fall asleep because
they're looking at this there but she
really needs shoes that fit her properly
so I don't want to buy them online I
want to actually get them in Clarks so
that's where we're headed now I'm gonna
get you some new shoes yeah he did yeah
maybe if we see some other ones for him
we might get them too okay I think this
is Eduardo his first time on an
escalator we came to
shopping center to get Amina's shoes and
we're on an escalator this is fun
ready steady boy
this is where you got your shoes number
yeah big boy come on follow your sister
oh these are nice in like her size yeah
these are notes oh my god don't you you
know when you walk into a shoe shop for
your kids and your tub except the
obvious truth then you have to try and
like wrangle them off they're not really
that bad
no but Amelia has picked these now so
which go with probably nothing else that
she owns and I'm gonna find her boots
like these but she's having a meltdown
every time I try and try them on her
Media loves all the mannequins you love
him too whether your friends come on
let's go get some lunch yes I know but
we have to go get some lunch because I'm
hungry I think we're gonna go too well
we are in M&S for lunch we're going to
go to their food hall look it's right
over there
we're gonna get something to eat it is I
like their stuff actually look at me
here look a bag jeez what do you think
this cave Emilio is like but like I
think it's a cheese cottage like no it's
ham and cheese sandwich and then it
comes and I mean that's like see I told
you I got this one
fuller for longer yeah no it looks like
pizza though cuz of the top doesn't
what nice yummy yeah
he got so excited when it came his face
was like he says likes food
No but I can have servants all she did
was that
and we are making some bean sauce we are
making some black bean sauce with some
broccoli we got some fat which you call
it beef and that black bean and some
broccoli and soy sauce and stuff and
then new these are taking ages a
cocktail I know I don't know what's
wrong I thought if I'm doing something
wrong or just taking so long do you guys
think I should wait a second do you need
to add some water it's about the money
pit so pointing is like a super old Tom
Hanks movie from years gone Phenom not
before my time and you know that's a law
come on old man well yeah yeah if you
haven't seen it you should get a watch
money pit
it's an oldie but a goodie we doing this
is me suddenly son ever gotten me only
oldest whatever I got me lit the one
made it a weirdo no no weirdo okay Y dou
y doce boyfriend's Wow
say bye ah say no wow thank you
oh my god say no wow yeah Wow banana say
Peter say orange
oh the Apple the yogurt no yellow purple
blue hmm
say daddy Maggie say I love daddy you
love daddy
yeah see bye friends
yo I say my friends right now oh thank
you my friends
and now we've reached the end of this
particular video experience I hope it
was the experience that was memorable
for yourselves and you will go forth and
forge and prosper and do all those
wonderful things and give it an old
smile and the like son yeah give it know
like in a comment in the subscriptions
and favorites and all that Malarkey's
and I'll see you tomorrow put my friends
