my two little school kids who are
dressed the same from the back anyway
the jumpers are different but they look
like I dress the same from behind so
Amelia's off to preschool
he waters off to classes both of them
know he's going to Matt Academy yeah but
you're both grownups now huh oh he's a
baby not going up wanna say bye to mommy
don't grow up too fast oh okay there's
no rush there's no rush to grow up uh
what are you guys going where you going
get inside what you need any is it I'll
be going about Academy come on mr. man
come on mr. man come on mr. Lin do its
best you can
hey that's your stop you wait there I'll
take this one
mm-hmm right see you later have fun
weirdo so wake me up before you go go
leave me standing on a roller coaster
it's not the song words but it's the way
it went to see evening morn and time but
I'm a frozen Christmas tree so yeah I
even have this is the one that I bought
you more now Hotel those freezin I
bought this yoke but Amelia is quite
upset this morning huh is their first
time gonna score she cried huh
do you not want to go to school today
you won't go my Academy Award oh yeah no
one ever really wants to go to school
today but don't be a fool go to school
I'm Straight Outta Compton don't be a
fool go to school go to school it's like
daddy's hog all right it also just
started lashing rain as it does as a
door servants we're off to school we
won't drool in school we're pretty
pretty cozy go to school but definitely
don't do don't be a fool and go to
school and don't do a duel well then you
can go to the pool take that song so I'm
sitting here in a media's room building
her castle Playmobil castle that
Jonathan has so much trouble with he was
like a pretty much builder so I have to
choose like no it was in pieces I okay
yeah he put the little screws in so that
made it easier but I put the lock on he
made this door but I put all these three
bits together he's already done these I
know I'm just trying to figure out
everything else so I'm really excited
though I'm kind of like I've never built
anything before I don't think building
is not my strong point but you know
the appeal of getting a castle at the
end like that looks like this is what's
keeping me going guys
Eduardo can say Erica say Erica walk in
a straight line
is it a school now okay okay I thought
in your mouth
why can you get that oh you made it a
nurse to me Wow I'm so proud of you oh I
need to find that piece I think it might
be under the sofa okay yeah that's a
doggy woof woof you want me to open it
I have returned long day lads but my
little boy is calling me
hi here little boy huh hi little boy how
are you doing oh there's another child
calling me we get theater child - lets
go they say he's doing another little
child in here how are you doing little
Baba how're ya doin Baba would you like
a slice of bread mr. Brennan's bread
baked fresh today
Brennan's bread you won't even know
about Brendan's bread will you only
Irish people know about Brendan's bread
what's the song it was a little song
what am I talking about mommy finish the
castle good mommy pills our castle Wow
let me see ah mom I got your castle no I
built a deer today remember why mommy
built it up in your room yeah that's
cool there's a dog bed no dog bag yeah I
got Oni
tony has a dog sorry I thought you said
oh the dog was on the bed I see that's
Co cool isn't it whoa a balcony that's
so cool huh can you wow earth I'm gonna
whisper to you and you're gonna tell
Amelia is going to dance some breaks
that he knew say
see media media where are we doing the
middle knowing leads yeah no you know I
whisper you have to say it oh I'm very
excited in a couple of weeks cool also
thank you yeah we'll go to New York
you're supposed to say the things I'm
saying I suppose that I think you want
to be a hairdresser all right yeah gonna
meet up and leaves very shortly the very
short leaves you know like a two weeks
or three weeks we'll have more
information very shortly where you can
like get yourself okay yourself tickets
and stuff there will be limited space we
are also going to New York in a couple
of weeks just after the Leeds thing
we're gonna be in New York for Halloween
I'm excited about that you want to go
trick-or-treating in New York you wanna
go trick-or-treating was it
trick-or-treat in New York City New York
City although we're thinking about
driving possibly staying in New York or
renting a car driving there to
Philadelphia for a couple of days and
then down to do more than to Baltimore
where I'm Anna's brother lives or he
might come up me as New York fighting a
road trip
then Philly Philly Nevada Philadelphia
never beats Baltimore so I'll be kind of
fun but yeah some fun things coming up
and some other things as well and some
more meetups in northern England but
they're not approved yet so can tell
you've added me yet but we're working on
it
you got a little something there we can
we get that for you yep you guys better
hey that look nice anemia okay so you
mix that mix mix mix mean where they
were watching from afar hmm
we gonna mix it in wonderful okay um did
you mix it be careful it's hot though
okay you mixing it as well okay it's
mommy's turn now okay mommy gonna give
it a mix mix mix it's very hot you're
not wired Oh take my seat Oh take our
seats for the show dinner is done what's
the best show in the entire world that's
like older drums yeah
huh dinner went down a treat now we're
picking some picking some party desserts
what do we having what's for pudding
okay there's not enough cake for cake
but mom's come up with a plan okay
cake in the yogurt what kind of sorcery
is this can I have your cake don't be
making moves now can I have your cake
you mean yet no but you sure you want it
boy maybe daddy will have it
ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke taking yogurt in
my face rub and I look like a disgrace
keke keke kick hey cake and cake cake
cake cake cake cake you guys that was a
good a yeah I get wired oh the weirdo
but he's my little weirdo don't you know
he's my Eduardo my little weirdo and if
you think he's a weirdo let me tell you
I'm a weirdo too
his name is guardo and he's a weirdo but
he's my little weirdo little man he's a
little little boy he'll do everything he
can and I'll pull him to the back I tell
you so ah
he likes princess dolls
he likes toys and princess castles too
he likes to play with them not like you
is that the word oh the little weirdo
buddy's my little weirdo too cuz I'm a
weirdo just like you buh-buh-buh-buh
name is guardo and he's my name is
guardo and he's a weirdo
why did a widow Christmas number 100
come on get the car
Oh No
there's a boulder in the road do you
think we have to do it so me and wider
do some time and then immediate
sometimes watch mine in video with me
Marta do we play Lego oh okay
don't press that button that's daddy hmm
you always have to touch stuff oh
there's a mr. John alpha through wired
oh yeah your hair's got a bit mad oh my
goodness imagine the next time we put it
in you put magic oil in the media's hair
tonight and Eduardo's and Eduardo's hair
do you like it look you've got bangs
it's wider need is done we put a little
in but his vision is growing as fast
this year because the media is a big
girl no more do you like it let me see
come here come here let me see your
fangs let me see your bangs are we all
going into bed Oh family bed partay yeah
I mean yeah where is your brush we take
a family picture okay I don't wear it
out get in the family picture
why don't ready everybody
I know you're looking away
weirdo weirdo afraid Oh to Berto camera
Berto
say cheese yeah you do don't you
whoa oh oh oh boy
don't put that mommy's hair all right
let's say bye friends
why don't save my friends better Papa
Papa thanks for watching that's a Kony
Jolie's on YouTube on this channel and
thank you for hitting the like button
cuz I know that you haven't thank you
for leaving a comment now thanks for
watching see you tomorrow
