yeah another price downstairs so last
night we're honestly bad we had lots of
fairies dancers I think they were the
pink house fairies guys no we have to
wait for mommy I'm here Ollie has mommy
okay well we go see if the Paint Party
princes fairies came last night could
could you go any faster Co Thank You
media what's that what's that what's in
here ya mean is heavens and breakfast
with the princesses again today yeah oh
yeah oh yeah so I've made is here like
night
this is icing on the top it looks
amazing okay sorry this is cool though
the girls look at it yeah although
immediate it's a cupcakes were boring
cute
do you love it you can't have one of
them yet you have to eat your vegetables
first no I mean yeah you want to just
you want to just hold one you've held
one you have to wait now yeah look at
you why don't why don't eat white Oh
guardo is that ones you got in Sorrento
is it yeah yeah
turn around let me see everyone's here
Caroline you stay small friends okay
sorry are you sharing a cupcake miss
yeah you want a cupcake
oh you're on the phone sorry business
call thank you
knowing that I yes you see this here one
sec I was worried of some chickens for
you
Eduardo some Amelia
SNT I think he's getting paper and she's
getting cake I mean that's the plan like
why don't you figure it oh I need to try
some of this stuff before I forget you
taking milk bottle place it here you do
it then well yeah thanks I was trying I
was trying to capture the same time
is so cool it's good what is that you
did you kind of things for you you kind
of think it's gonna be busy all right
come on where's your straw
I just dropped out I got really excited
nobody will ever notice
compared to trampoline how high can you
jump can you jump out of it hope oh my
goodness Oh Thomas remaining and Jim and
Tanya's little dog look at this little
thing he's so small as me you should ask
your dad for a dog you say dad can I
have a dog have you asked what did he
say maybe no maybe no he's so cute oh my
goodness well I gotta bring her inside
and Shawna she's thinking master she's
not um must be house-trained reliable
thing go - Diana's gonna have a heart
step over here my nanny cam in me look
at the doggy look Emilia little doggy
oh yeah come on free show oh wait you
see the setup in here mana version yeah
yeah tenant Jim couldn't make it to the
center dog yeah
I was gonna find Ana to show her like is
so cute he's so tiny
Don's looking after them on our way I
know I said dumb kids like ask your dad
for a dog they're like we already did I
know she's like em where's all the other
friends pile it up I know side condo
soap it tap it out
nope that's a sofa what are we opening
rip it apart what
this is probably a school ball or some
vegetables oh let's get out of control
have you Wow your driver go word oh man
d beep baby all right you hold these all
right age gap that are actually fairly
yeah yeah hey Bart oh no you ready
say happy birthday Amelia right away if
you got lipstick all over your color
what's been going on I mean look this is
it's gonna jump in the car there quickly
no problem yeah it's all that watch me
me you could put one in each foot you're
like a shoe
you could fit in there oh if you get fit
now you can keep it okay I'll try I'll
give you a push now right ready oh they
know that no it's all right everything's
fine
don't tell Dom sorry your daughter is
stuck in the car car kind of fell apart
the needle is put the lid on the car
it's a hardtop it's California oh wait
oh I'll take the lid off ticket lid will
you Ricky miss a lid now let's cool it
why
crushing irises come on flash okay if
the lift your legs up rest your legs up
alright it's a race on fire we're gonna
do a birthday cake it's so cool oh this
is so cool isn't it neat Amelia
I don't like it yeah waiting at Amelia
yeah okay
the Anna thinks it's her party all right
let's get some kids Brad lips and
children birthday singing not frozen
singing cake cake cake cake cake cake e
cakey cake are you ready for your cake
you ready your highness said it was our
third best party oh yeah oh yeah look
and then we get a new one Oh turned
right so we just turn the lights off
we'll go wait here until it gets dark
well now no leaks
mhmmm wait that's too far away from her
yeah it is I know what no you light it
I'll bring it over to her okay is heavy
what there's no fun in scooting Jonathan
do not toy this cake
yes correct
are you ready happy birthday to you hi
birthday dear Mia happy birthday to you
brought candles all right more one more
time
you're officially tree we cut it open
no first cool do I get a phone all right
why knife oh she wanted a wedding cake
youichi did you want a convenient wardo
yeah would you like of course
okay why don't work wait people don't
like this yah yah mean
nobody
mario has a job for the party he's busy
the the popcorn hender aider Tonto
yeah popcorn Honda rider official head
of popcorn honey do you don't know oh
boy you are supposed to be you are
supposed to be our biggest from boring
to fun that's VI that's T oh that's
Albee that that's Cena no feeling of
Ayers says yes that's what I mean
there's one there's two navaids yeah
sorry that there's no beat there's no
Albee this runs our scene today
Alvie was too naughty so he didn't make
the shot okay that makes that so let me
even put an eye on our way yeah well you
know I'll be LV is light blue tears
doctor Dan where I get around yeah
always been aunty my best friend house
yes them clothes which your shoes you
want to see you wanna see this year
alright excuse all right everyone has
just gone home and you know what I
haven't even seen Amelia all day long
pretty much she has been having the time
of her life there you are
hi yeah where's why so did you have a
good birthday party with all your
friends did you play with everybody
yeah I suppose I guess it's a good party
if I didn't see her all day I'm goodness
it was like he was like Turkey people
are so many Turkey humans in our house
mandro let's mental MN two people isn't
it so many present even know can't even
see when hold he's transpired
I'm just leave the tater I'm here to
work work through their their sugar
issues
sadly all the cakes are being taken away
pizza party birthday night pizza party
birthday night all right lights
everyone's gone home well everyone want
to go we're all just chillin like
villains we got ourselves some pizza
what's wrong is it hot
ouch is it hot you have did you have a
nice birthday party today did you get
loads of presents yeah Wow we should say
farewell friends till tomorrow - and eat
again save my friends you'll be three
years and one day or two days actually
MooMoo
Wow would you look at the little Baba
look at her there oh my God look at -
she's so cute look a small she looks
like look at number one oh my goodness
and the number three it's funny cuz I've
seen down at this party felt like the
Peppa Pig party like the first year
because it takes like you know we first
moved to the UK we didn't really know
that many people so in our last birthday
we ended up just hanging out so we now
because there really are only friends
that we had and made and then a year
later you can see how many more friends
that we'd actually made and it was
similar the same as in coracle we had
lots people at that party so yeah I'm
excited for Eduardo this party or
Amelia's party next year oh my god this
anyway hope you drew it birthday give
know like comment favorite subscription
and I'll see you tomorrow
