guess who's back back again can he goes
back back again what it's clean or
indeed a door as I left you behind the
comments basket whereas the open field
here oh boy
so Clio went to her first heat stage you
can't need her her under after that so
she had to not be around our little
fellas for a few weeks when she went to
her first heat but now it's over
hmm look at what's bigger she's gotten
she's a monster she's a Great Dane now
we're back to seven dogs separate dogs
so boy so Eduardo's awake what do you
mean yet is sleep giving little squiggle
ah how are we doing for the fan hill oh
it's race is it a race word oh you
dropped your bag pulse it's a suitcase
are you going on an adventure
yeah where are you going you're going on
holidays yeah cool can I come oh just
you and wardo Oh bye guys have fun on
your holidays then see you later good
bye
send me a postcard what are you doing
out there
wherever you go Holly to do like best
friends are you I dare your bare feet
are you out there in your bare feet
what are you doing out here huh day 2 of
fall she is it full effect is in full
effect
you need some shoes on let's go yep
there's possibly gonna be the cover shot
you gonna be a cover girl wardo harder
to cover girl you want to be a cover
girl no you want to you want to be a
producer you wanna be the director yeah
okay Amelia's calling the shots
what should we doing me there watch your
video yeah yeah together
do you mind do you mind if you could be
in it and show us what to do
oh sorry sorry sir yeah and just - you
what - is going in into the instead of
you okay
thanks boss good plan don't mean picture
can you go to the toilet no no toilet
break okay thanks boss
you are gonna run around below maybe
having some I'll run through frying more
penetrate stuff
let's talk about me
let's talk about
one
kids
your persona PL isn't mine
hey buddies ones it was empty pockets
now it's walked on the corners
I really goes in there definitely we are
in there definitely a cover shot with so
cool-looking I know the waters kamesh
shouldn't get a cow maybe in here get
rid of all that cuz it's just tons of it
bouncy bouncy bouncy don't get in the
water but stuff arrived for Amelia's
party put on tonight no do you do it you
do it show me show me turn it around and
see you put it down here like this like
Oh Amelia snow white what's daddy gonna
be ready
Oh princess yeah ah alright mister this
is another daddy in wardo shot and he's
wearing this is a trademarked one shock
on one sock off hey come on we go over
here huh we go over here look we go play
come on
that's okay I'll get some books we get
some books oh we get your favorite book
actually row row row your boat yeah he
loves this book sugar this book warmer
will your boat will hear a boat make a
screen after night
XANA powers taxation grim fashion ah oh
my god is being wired oh shy so cute
so yeah you have to finish your Linens
and then we're gonna do some bacon shots
but is that why it's good isn't it it's
really cute I love it
are we actually going to get Brendan's
at the end of this
are we getting brownies at the end of
this yeah I wasn't sure if this is all
just props and then you're just gonna
put it away and not bake anything we all
like hey often for brands are these the
moist special brownies oh boy what do
you want one oh yeah
yogurt click Oh chocolate but you want a
chocolate yogurt
no that's mommy's that's mommy's good
applause I'm busy mixing it can you say
oh don't do that
say cheese can you do longer cheese
thank you oh yay okay okay are you ready
to mix the chocolate is this you think
so wait wait wait not yet not yet yeah
wait
kids are asleep and appeal by Gunderson
we have a pet problem but when Amazon
after you bought that little canister
went down was on I bought like five like
they only had five about all of the big
industrial sized when the big box came
and I was like hi it's amazing though
because it's just basically air but it
works so well it's crazy not sponsored
by these people so I was talking about
the indie American candy challenge and I
come please don√≠t touch these guys here
as we treat zoo and check them out
they're on their Twitter's and
Facebook's but at look at the amount of
stuff they send oh my goodness fine
every my hair look it any renewed or
sweet anchovies no Oreo cupcake all
right look at look at this thing here
would you like a packet of M&Ms it is
nothing no tea
oh and it's Ricky anyway look for it do
you really got one
I don't have I read it thank you ironing
I've ever eaten any of the stuff we
moved in here so I'm able to do with the
kiddos later oh maybe not today are you
sing a little bit lemon let's touch it's
a H alright we're gonna shoot a January
look at the duardo we'll see you in a
minute here he looks like a little old
man me what can t oh yes please Cassie
stuck Clio's back hey oh yeah thank you
I kept from her do you remember Keo did
you miss clay old she was gone away yeah
by about cup did you stroke her what ha
Cleo safe now she can't have any more
babies boy oh she's not a boy she's a
girl
yuck Oregon now we're gonna January this
is what January looks like January 2010
you this is your number were like this
is we're essentially in the future who's
the future so we can do
oh Christmas tree oh Christmas tree I
love the wellies throw these in the
dress or how you teach you we got in
trouble there
hi why no wanna pull over chair to try
and get the brownies oh wow you want a
brownie brownie well maybe if you take
this picture
what is the wider one brownie I picked
up this edge over it's ridiculous I
realize how much it wise I picked it up
for them wears it again no what's it
calls to the tail
tiger I have cashmere it's so soft and
nice jumper Craig Craig last photograph
last picture lights it's Christmas oh my
god I know it's all Christmassy it's
maybe Santa Claus will come so we are
cooking dinner we are reading YouTube
comments and we are eating the biggest
bag of mms ever seen look at this bag
hmm is that the biggest bag of M&Ms
you've ever seen in your life look if he
wants it we ready yum yum water likes
these the yum Yum's are Yami Yami Yami
okay what is that butter everything
looks like yeah he's dipping it into
butter hmm smooth vanilla creme creme
brulee it's nice but it's misleading hmm
you think it would go down here but it
Oh it stops
oh yeah only a tiny bit oh snap I'm
gonna be working for this for a long
time redonkulous red donkey loose
hmm you want to try it yum yum okay tell
me what you think okay
Oh rats the cream it's kind of like
icing icing yeah this is the toddler
tries American candy challenge what do
you think you like it not sure are you
you're saying yeah but then you're
eating it you like it yeah eat the steak
what it's like you're not Betty toxic
isn't it oh yeah you know what you mean
I've never eaten that is that the fluff
stuff it's Mike marshmallow or something
I've never eaten that lighter oh yeah
look at her she's realized you can have
the dip the mmm
can you say yum yum it's not good at all
and it's called yum-yum or yang Yang
yeah that sounds Japanese it does send
Japanese Singapore oh this is the child
does Japanese candy thing or Swedish or
German or American or English oh joy
yeah so this is an international candy
tasting tour not even a tour but it's
love from that's happening American yeah
so media is taking care of it wardo so
go on give him some milk give it water
who's drinkies oh okay work there better
second they go we go like it's all got
dripped on when I worked out better
second to go isn't it yeah
- the robinson's pagi buggies spongy
doggies can we fix it spiky buggies yes
we enjoin your dinner yeah well I wonder
who fed wonder your milk I get it oh
yeah oh you big guys can't raise them
mm-hmm where does a baby when we have a
pudding Oh obsess well only if girl what
do you have to do to get some of them
eat all your dinner
whoa there mister man oh no oh boy oh
boy oh good boy right oh are you nearly
finished Larry oh my okay well we are
pooper scooper from the photo shoot lads
we're just getting mosey on with this a
little bit it up and we are out of here
save my friends save my friends see you
tomorrow
weirdo say bye bye oh well forget Yeti
this is the excellent
there are many n slaves in the world but
this is today's end slate throw be
another ends late tomorrow and yesterday
there was another end slate and if you
watch many saucony Jolie videos on the
same day you'll be greeted with many end
slates all and slates are made by the
second in Julie's community for the
second in Julie's community thanks for
watching today's video give it know like
in a comment in the subscriptions and
boy oh boy I'm excited about counter
eyes I've seen the finished product
already because we kind of worked as
we're doing and we're making the
pictures but they look amazing it's very
different what we didn't last year but I
think it's a hundred billion times
better I think you'll appreciate it I
think you'll love it and it'll be ready
very shortly
very shortly goodbye
