oh good morning everybody and oh hey
let's open door number 22
how exciting friends you could win
one-to-one women and one man's parka -
instead of your own Marcus well - and
your friends don't forget to use the
hashtag sjx list and tweet and tweet at
trespass and learn to me this question
friends
what's your favorite color green and
it's that simple and that their friends
will see you tomorrow for day
I can't wait for Christmas
sorry Christmas
good morning everyone
oh yeah new pyjamas yeah guys look how
bright it is like I don't know is it
supposed to get brighter yet cuz this is
like normally I have it's about it's
like seven ish maybe a little before
seven but it's bright it's never bright
like this is this time in the morning
I'm very excited about that idea most
excited about the fact that it's not for
days but it's oh my goodness guys I
didn't even notice
Alessia Alessia look at leaves monkeys
over here oh my goodness what have they
done what have they done they think they
have their bags packed because they're
heading to the North Pole to go back to
Santa Claus and just tell them and
everyone's been good or naughty and
you've been good or naughty that's it
unless they tell the truth have you been
good and run leave comments have you
been good or naughty give them out
waiting waiting for all the crazies guys
look what have they done what they join
because I think they're moving in looked
after our suitcases or times are you
packing your suitcase is because they're
getting ready to head back to the North
Pole to tell Santa Claus if you've been
naughty or nice are they I think the
house is being as fallen on top of him
nice take at number five and let's put
in number four
have you recovered from your trauma and
I had a bit of a traumatic morning she's
decided to retire for today and gave up
on Christmas well the boys and girls at
home what happened tell him the story
paint the scene I'm not gonna show them
that's not nice
and I was alone in the basement wrapping
our presents and all of a sudden accost
appeared ok it wasn't go well it could
be actually technically it's a ghost
what was the mouse
giving up on everything
No yes now it's official why would I
bring them up here
pranks wife a dead mouse no it's not
that kind of YouTube channel no don't
worry it's okay
did Adam tell you what she found over
there in the corner
looks just above the box just above the
box in the right-hand corner that's why
I've come down with a bag she never she
left and she left to take all the
wrapping steps like I'm outta here
that's it should I say some words
Oh Fred
it's time to go our separate ways
but you
or a little mouse mouse named close was
this theme closed Oh
guys it's a I think a moment silence
today for coaster Mouse vlogs won't be
the same with our close guys customers
so I found these two little elves and I
think they're going to help me do you
guys want to help patty there's only a
couple of more days oh I'm Santa sorry
sorry I'm gonna dress up a Santa in
diminish and we're gonna do because
there's only a couple of more days left
of SJ Xmas and you guys aren't in school
and I thought maybe it would be a fun
thing for you guys to be involved you do
have a hat a girl elf you are
Santa's Little Helper she doesn't all
right here we go
only a couple of days left guys for SJ
Xmas all right yeah I'll be careful no
no no no this is all a set guys we're
gonna film some stuff ya know I'm always
opening doors Emily because you know
every morning you get to open your
advent calendar what this is like a
giant advent calendar that I open every
day for all the boys and girls at home
watching and then they can win prizes
like you get your Lego prizes yeah don't
open them yet mister you can't be
telling people to surprises okay
No
okay here we go for the last time
that's dawn robot robot robot robot
robot you wanna put it on me there
rather be a robot
fall back move that me if you really
want to be a robot well but I'm a robot
robot well I'm a robot
so I needs different benefit but not for
benefit she's casually here
no not an official here so cute oh get
it feels like cold and slimy guys eat it
do you like it
Eduardo catch or Ana put your hand there
put your hand out it feels like snot
what are you doing Alvey he's like
sitting on the bag
look what just arrived from Amazon this
is so cool right a Christmas Eve box
right so it comes with carrots for the
reindeers mince pies for Anna sherry
for me and look at these bedsheets for
the kids to have in their beds there's
such a fun little thing in there your
Christmas Eve box like the first was
like weightless we'd order carrots what
do we give you or they merely give me
package yeah
is actually a Christmas Eve thing Oh No
Penny's good oh my goodness if you if
you match your gift and Annie's gift
would make a whole night of it caddy Bay
boys and girls I know come on I don't
need a coach I'm magical let's go we're
gonna offload you to someone else today
Oh No Izzy's ruining Christmas oh that
is cool is he's taking apart Christmas
stuff let's have a look it's bendy
Christmas it's over guys till next year
come on Jo it's falling in the bin just
drop the kids off but it's so cute how
like you know that you have the two of
them have their little friends you know
that's what Christmas is about you know
family and friends and just like you
know hanging out with your family and
friends and family and friends and
friends and family I just think it's
cute like if they're kind of grown up a
little bit you know and they have their
mates and so violently just like it's
really nice you know it's just really
nice like I think we did a we did well
in the Salem town in this community town
you know you never really know how your
kids are gonna do like then you're gonna
make friends or not and you know it she
said I don't I like it I mean kids are
great I think kids are acting great like
I mean her child later y'all right Oh No
this child Oh has not been sent to its
friends house hmm have you little oh
yeah little little Olivia your first
Christmas is coming my friend good
morning again my little friend good
friend little friend he is friend
little friendly is friend let's see huh
did I see huh ah and that's here late
for school
and I see you're gonna miss a school bus
I'm taking the covers off that's you
know I'm serious
there you go that's the trick hmm you
know you know did you have a nice sleep
not wake up she's like in media big deep
sleeper
I'm not abandoning you know since I'm
abandoning her I'm not abandoning you
are you watching me for what's me like
that for
seed and I see that that say dad I'll
accept that as a Christmas present
see Dad see mama see Amelia Eduardo what
why does your friend isn't he
look at the length of your hair thank
goodness mmm baby girl
well I was just putting the kids to bed
and I got a call
cuz the old peel box I think Deline
we're trying to turn her at the office
before the end of the year what's in
those boxes some stuff here oh what's in
here any yeah
Santa Claus stuff maybe I don't know
hold the phone lads they were mental
because I was in the middle of bathing
the kids are these that was dramatic
that was dramatic lads thanks for
letting me know what a man was outside
don't even need a doorbell and you've
got six dogs all right we'll continue
putting the children to bed and we
should investigate this later
