oh geez oh geez oh geez oh geez
abandon all the bodies last mission go
buy a bag a bad situation last night
where's everybody else my newbies come
here oh no little movies and the only
two movies taking you all Oh finally we
can get this door fixed at our home oh
boy
the doggies are back that is now the
family is once again complete give it to
the Bayer water I was really sad last
night going to bed because he went to
bed in his own room he kinda got used to
it maybe I mean that your birthday is
coming up on Friday and then there's a
princess party after that
Wow hello Schoology wow you're gonna get
all the princesses in all the world
according to come for your birthday and
white Oh Princess Eduardo oh sorry
Prince Eduardo can daddy be a prince can
ID be a princess
what's daddy gonna be daddy daddy cool a
queen queen mummy it's the after holiday
washing game but I was like oh we're
sure to look at home seriously think we
have arrived back in the depths of
winter and what I was thinking thinking
I could wear shorts something at home
put on your old track suits
turn your heating on serious situation
 feel like we left in the summer
just as we left is that transition
period of summer - like autumn and then
we missed that we're in the Sun and then
we came home sits like this dramatic
reveal of the autumn I do like the
autumn no it's nice and cozy you know
it's a bizarre candle
it's kind of dark it is cozy I accept
that this honey you're actually quite
like this on the air but it was just a
dramatic like yesterday I was on a beach
and it was like scalding weather and in
today's like storming rain you know it's
full
I've got washes and piles everywhere
it's all go all go here it's an all go
situation I think we got a glass
supermarket as well see women go for up
rather to come is it kind of are you
being canady the scale of extremely cute
and unbelievably cute how cute is
Eduardo in his chopper I want one of
these I want this job bigger I want this
jumper in my size oh my goodness it's so
cute
you see this look how cute it's like
quilted and there are somebody make that
jumper in my size and send it to me okay
it's so cute or just find the link
somewhere when you delete tweet me link
if you know where to get this jumper
love it hey now lads do you want the
shush
joint the shush that's what I talk all
right we're gonna go no I mean it's like
whoa TV I forgot all about it
okay keep this little baby look oh
they're all so so cute everyone's so
cute I walk that side go ahead a t-shirt
on I ran back inside like a fool to put
is so cold I know everyone's used to it
I also have inside in a car in a while
oh I missed you color I missed you how
dare you yeah I have to move some cars
right now gotta move some gotta move
some things right so I'll go to the shop
now let's all go into the shop now look
I think they're in Sorrento so we'll go
down into the beach
call race race the race is it race stay
away all right all aboard all aboard
mmm-hmm getting in
No Oh back to normal now we'll shopping
you little monkey two little monkeys
jumping on the bed one fell off that
skeleton go I've gone out of these
lovely flowers and friend no but she
didn't bring them back
are you joking right now it's too big it
was the truck it was the taught that
count not sure I left they were the
watch in the room is up just throw that
away just one all right no no so we're
just gonna do a week's shopping no we
get Wonder Bread now we just need until
Monday
okay cat was coming on Monday
you make it move can you actually make
it move
put them in the trolley throw them that
was a bit of a trouble all right
go see if you can move it see if you can
move it yeah maybe
oh no no dude Ricardo and it just
started raining as well come on
everybody inside quickly
quickly we must get underground before
the storm hits
all right so let's go to the beach oh
look the beach it's a lovely sandy beach
oh my goodness look at that
okay no nice come on inside inside
inside I've heard the children heard the
children in you can get in immediate
media get it wired in yes yes yes yes
are you all right I wanted to help with
lunch today you helping mommy make lunch
Mickey Mouse sandwiches yeah that sounds
cool what you do you make the signage
name with the thing in it yeah that's
cool you tell me we need to realize how
many dog isn't Rosa watching her you
think down yep
the data statistics it - yeah in a virus
plates you're having chocolate after
lunch
yeah says who I think we'll have nothing
after lunch ready
look look up guys look that you ready
ready what I need to cut it a little bit
what gets it about the crust as well
bonus which book do you want do you tell
that anyone you write a favorite
book hmm well I'm far the chair okay
let's open it up page one
row row row your boat gently down the
stream merrily merrily merrily merrily
life is but a dream
we'll go to next page see what happens
no Wow
do you see a mouse don't forget to
squeal got that summertime summertime
sadness like it's over and I've gone
home
first Megara lads and lasses and the
Giants and here we are now and the
summer hands over lights and girls are
back to school and back to bow clean the
c√°rdenas chuck for Chuck's like a
sloppy goner
yeah yeah at the greatest man errands I
would say they used to call I was I was
Erin Brockovich this afternoon kids are
probably awake causing chaos and mayhem
and destruction and data but I pulled
over because I was like let's go and
check the fog actually and they did
fantastic
I've done my part now it's up to you to
leave the comments and hit the like
button do description some watching and
view with your eyeballs and have a good
time while you're doing it
I hope you have a good time I think
you're not having a good time here if
you're not having a good time while
watching Ciccone Jolie's you're doing it
wrong you're not watching it properly
alright let's get out of here tomorrow
easy didn't don't you mean you know what
I do you like that doughnut eatin on
this Saturday
oh no you know what
hold on a second let's Amelia is going
to finish in school oh do it again this
is how a lady a lady learns to walk now
with good posture oh you're hilarious
hey that's good balance whoa how far can
you get and far can you go go oh that's
so good it's so good oh that might
actually be a world record that might be
a world record is that kind of a
Saturday evening
dude watching cartoons and chillin which
one's this one oh this is sexual frozen
movie still haven't seen frozen this is
the ender to start this is the river she
comes to princesses honey miss Elsa not
have a dress yeah what you gonna do
she's got a dress is she getting a dress
from somebody else will you give out to
your dress Oh Oh on TV it's way past
your bedtime
sitting up late watching frozen from all
hours of the night come here to me
little man you know what time we call us
where's Amelia where's Elsa Elsa where
are you
what you do Amelia
where's why no no no corners in here
look he's locked himself in the shower
are you trapped in the shower
did you trap yourself in there hello
welcome back oh one small step for man
one giant step for wardo now I ran this
back about seven years ago
that's not no nice young Jesus Wilde
word for drinkies he wants donkeys means
you want to drink what okay you there
Elsa there's no pretty boy maybe this
little pretty boy all right let's get
out of here see you tomorrow don't
forget things like button which care she
has you hiding oh nice house and this is
the nd end of the vlog I hope you've
enjoyed the vlog today I'll give it a
like in a comment anyway so goodbye from
me you could buy from Eduardo by device
my Miele yeah it doesn't really rhyme
you're ruining me song that were no
you're ruining me song mm-hmm watch this
video give it a like comment subscribe
shins and Tom's up and all the things
like that now see you tomorrow
hello
