so it's the last night but I've already
added the vlog and all but it's quite
late no no no come back tomorrow come
back to it why no why does that I don't
Amelia come back to it why no why no can
say light so this is what happens in
Ciccone Jolie's after dark when the bugs
usually end this is what goes on
do you love that stick was that the best
one pound investment ever
oh no no no media poor word oh you
forgot word oh all right bedtime for
everybody save my friends oh that was
bright good morning me good morning
Eduardo good morning Anna good morning
we're heading to the beach beach
obsessed safety obsessed over here a
moment so here the first Russian make it
up this is where doesn't of course it
make up last night but he looks so cute
cousin easy the man you little bird huh
came here baby
one moment ago man you did this way this
way no no no no no not breakfast Beach
does have like years ago like one little
tiny beach funny he's you know a narrow
sector so populated I did a couple other
beaches there that's so funny and now
look at a place around there we're down
to the Haunted part where I lost walking
so just get dumped
the winding wrong I love this wouldn't
it be cool to have in your house you
know like a wine cellar or like I don't
know something can you say beach beach
let me say peach baby oh baby oh baby is
here baby
oh yes it a picture ii go look at the
difference of it now it's crazy each
peach and you guys see that video I put
up Amelia sing you know isn't yes it's
not as I like it's so cute like I
watched like a million times her just
like sitting there singing away oh my
god we should teach both of them a song
and they could perform it like I
remember as a kid we used to always have
to do that we always sit there like
perform like I used to go to the UM the
fashion Matthew I don't know it's an
Irish thing we after I perform songs and
poems and stuff like that and then we'd
all have to like and I'm at Christmas
time when our relations come over we'd
all have to like perform ourselves
I'm just get the kids to do that
Bardot's I knew each theatre gang aren't
here yet
what are you doing you splash your feet
splash splash splash
thank you
hi did you find a lizard on your legs
was what oh I don't mean so much fun a
boat must have come in or something
those waves look fun you want to get
into the water with those waves no it is
not a fan of the waves doesn't like
waving not a fun note Shh bit of surf
surfing in sorrento little fellas is
happy dancing in his hot portal was that
fun today so what happened to Melia did
you go under the water yeah
Wow so I just true meaning off the boat
where there are man's on and we put it
under water to get that out it away so
we knew him what was a little mortar was
it scary no it's not scary under there
yes Alfie was jumping off her boat yeah
isn't that fun huh and it water when
swimming did you go swimming weirdo now
we go for lunch we're gonna have this
everything yeah is that the meat is
having ham sandwich probably today
because that worked out Bella afraid an
omelet didn't it hmm what a view for
lunch lads I am going to miss this view
it's pretty epic imagine like much he
could have that view somehow Oh
hey listen your video lizard lizard'
come on let's go let's find more nurses
where's the media are you stuck I don't
know how to get have to maybe start
turning turn the other way other way
other way turn the other way you're just
going to do it again can you open the
doors no not yet because I'm getting
dressed for circle the writers write the
teachers like demand for their monta I
love your top and your frill shorter
friends show our friends do a twirl Wow
they're not shoes they're not car shoes
they're not car shoes oh boy the wire
does it alone magneto no Jordi's the
depth at that that data if you fall if
you fall California might hurt your toes
oh all right the $5.99
oh boy she's think lunatics
what exactly is going on here what is
going on here lads I'm such a fool
sometimes they always think about over
think about things you know but I just
got an about this no it's like you know
this place is such a staple you know
it's like a reflection at the end of
every year you know that it comes at
this point it's like we go off like we
we stood there this time like four years
ago and our life is so different and
then we came back here and every year we
come back here our life is so different
you know and this place stays the same
this place doesn't change but we changed
so much now it's just sitting here and
we're just kind of like cuddle and talk
and we're like you know we're going home
tomorrow
and we're like next time we come back
here cuz you probably came back next
year
well we'll be like what's gonna be
different in our lives you know like
anything you no idea what the next year
holds you know look at these other guys
hello children like you just don't know
what he just it's just amazing to have
sort of reflection time you take these
like ten days two weeks every year we
work really hard and he's focusing on
our goals and our dreams and aspirations
and ambitions and then we come here and
we work on our relationship and we just
kind of reflect on all the things that
have happened to at the air I don't know
I always such a an emotional fool you
know never guardo well next time you
come back here you're gonna be swimming
in the sea you're gonna be talking and
walk-in you know now right you're gonna
take a bite - Sophia yeah we'll see you
next year though you want to go to your
mommy yeah you want to come to mommy oh
no I know it's a big question so it's a
hard choice sometimes making the last
dinner taunts but we are we are we are
we've never walked up this road actually
and it's really cute that looks like an
Instagram moment right there another one
for a Margaret there you know screen
grab that one
there is horsies Wow
for last night we are sedating the
children but this is like one of my
favorite restaurants if not my favorite
restaurant in Sorrento is a Tasso which
is just off the main square recommend
your friends you come here what are you
getting for your last last meal
although we're having lunch in Sorrento
and yeah good for you good choice i
under hand him getting salad
Amelia's taking care of the bill tonight
giving some scribbles fair
thanks a lot of meaning out appreciate
that paying your way that's essentially
how you pay your bills in Italy just
like drawl over it until you can't see
the price change a couple of those nines
two ones he was trying to get the
limoncello off was there a minute ago
Amelia gave them some ahead have you
done it
have you taken care of it
maybe later
you want some though is that last night
in holiday the fat blues a sad walk the
walk of shame is that where I'm steady
getting pudding better get in the dirt
there was no thanks instead of getting a
dessert in the restaurant we decided
we'll go to David's we'll go to our old
stomping grounds
we're taking it back taking it back to
where it all began going going
old-school
it's you and me in David's ice cream
free Wi-Fi
I'll bring the middle of the wire
you just trying to prolong life along
there at the moment she's along the
holiday I can't believe it we another
whole year but actually crazily enough
we're doing some crazy stuff coming soon
where it is mental I'll talk about it
another time let's get past the rent Oh
first
Azana big boy chair a big boy chair a
big boy chair I mean live on a big girl
chair a big girl chair a big girl chair
it's a dianna baby chair on a people
chair is where people sit almost idea
people is mommy at people
hey do you have a smiley face what all
right it's a last night so how did it
guys
out the window lads Phillip might as
well roll home look at the selections
here look at the selections what do you
want do you guys want what do you guys
wanna what do you guys want huh oh my
god
it's so cool again the size of it it's
just like hovering over it here
it's so good well basically add
somebody's wedding thank you for
watching today's video presentation you
should probably rollers house it old end
slavery shirt this is the end site it's
a very very fancy end slate and I'm
reppin to the music off the wedding that
I wasn't even invited to where I went
anyway so please hit the like button
leave a nice comment favorite if you
want to beat here tomorrow subscribe if
you're new
it will be great and then I will see you
goodbye
