good morning and evening and in the
afternoon you know it was kind of scary
huh
where the kids are we've lost them you
see would mean out back in the old days
or a stroller in here oh my god I told
her get married and we're looking at
that side oh yeah hilarious thing about
marriages I don't know if you saw but if
you go to my facebook underneath the
video yesterday the girl
the princess actually left a comment not
so funny yeah and she heard out and they
were heard out the two white dogs that
we saw it was so fun in there it's so
cool like and she was like all and then
she she was on the beach next morning
which is painting media that her her
princess power worn off
yeah she said the spell Isabella's over
me they didn't recognize I know it was
so cute I don't you media though I think
she kind of understood I was like yeah
video
and then I showed her her picture yeah
so I think she knows no but that is
really cute
thank you princess what's going on in
here what's going on in here what are
you two doing in here is it a bus you
want a bus the wheels on the bus go why
are you come on the bus - oh I see this
is the bus situation here is it Wow
the wheels on the bus go Oh
set your place I'm sorry why your place
do I move down there's our networks I
don't want to get stuff on me my mommy's
clothes we take the bus to the beach
what you wanna go swimming in the sea
why are we taking the best ticket your
friend is gone swimming Sophie's come to
me every year we come here just a
Russian couple that come here also and
they bring their kids it's fun for me to
meet up it's only each year we are going
to holidays Sophia's for but her little
brother is exactly mages Eduardo ah last
year no two babies dough wheels on the
box we are here I'll get off the French
our French friends yesterday they're
gone home and for toes but um that was
the fun one day but now sophie is here
today hmm
oh I don't know if we need that I don't
know if that's a correct beach bag that
we need right now okay
did you see daddy's new bag we show her
friends okay go go go get it you should
be safe there
try daddy's new bag oh you did need for
your shoes on that how to walk in high
heels a media homicide get below a tree
waves Oh get quickstep all right so I I
now have a man bag daddy has a man bag
say man bag mm-hmm
every man by glad I have a what poor go
now we're going now cuz I don't wonder
about this is Anna's bag that she got
it's very nice and beachy I've searched
hmm
then I'm and she's I mean I should go we
need to be cool which actually you know
what
gentlemen it actually makes sense right
because we're all guilty and now I'm
talking to the boys right now girls
adventurers but seriously heavy fer me
for making our wives carry guys our
phones our car keys as soon as you know
you go to a shopping tip and you're like
oh you just not gonna put my keys in
there behind cause I want a round clink
key keys so you put them in our handbag
where you put your phone or you put
stuff because you never want to carry
anything right cuz I always have like
cameras and phones and stuff on me this
makes so much sense to wear it I'm
telling if we could just popularizes
make everybody else get one to one town
yeah how to a winner oh pretty oh hello
yes that is my man wag real man where
man bags do you like that ease man like
me laughs I remember back on the beach
and as wearing this bikini
are you worried if bikini everyday why
you render from bikini every day yeah
like I don't have one for today oh well
you're gonna let everyone down
bikini of the day I'm saving the Michael
Kors money for like then yeah but you
got all the time and everything I love
this thing Jon's taking tonight oh I've
never gone over this little corner cave
over here I really want to try and swim
all the way out into this little corner
cave over here
I brought the app underwater unit I'll
try and bring you guys with me show you
what's underneath there so I want to
know and I feel like we should we should
go together if it all goes bad and I get
eaten by a shark should make for good
viewing
me
I am worried Oh No look at it burrito
standing hi
stay away
shadows gonna get you oops is never a
fair battle oh it's not time let's drive
this Auto nap difficult
you can go here what is over there okay
will you go for a quick sleep I'll get
water okay can we just get the light
over here I'll close this over stop time
in the day again folks when the kids are
asleep we really stayed away somebody
and I do my editing this is where we get
the copies for any only sort of two
hours we kept to ourselves you know
maybe for the nighttime and the kids go
to bed like it's so late anyway
madam I have a pocket full of peaches
and a handful of coffee all right so
we've come to you pollito and I guess I
was really cute so their necks Hortis by
that Russian family or friends with but
I looked it Ward water this toy if you
can see this like it's like a Russian
toy I think that says post man let me
guess
yo partner was this first Russian toy
but you guys remember last year we went
to a shop when we party little dresses
in this place look we need it we need a
new one for princess princess needs a
new coach yes it's so nice to
the pink was nice but look at the white
one I know but when she gonna wear that
yeah
mmm this one yeah it's exactly the same
as the one got last year yeah which one
do you like one which one do you like
the white one the pink one or the yellow
one not quite oh thank you do with me
right oh not one-play yeah oh wait
imagine imagine to them look at them me
neither do I do it looks big what you
think looks well yeah you want him to
grow into it yeah I definitely don't
want it to be it doesn't look really big
there's a really big thank you
you like that word oh you like that
window the first one anything uh do you
want one down maybe they want it ready
for Christmas yeah it does more only two
sides okay
ah look at that it's got a little hoodie
on it that's better that's better
through a hoodie on it no that's so cute
- could you - mm-hmm
Oh whistle whistle clock oh okay where's
Christopher I like that with a little so
cardigan hmm this key to a baby
okay so I don't know that's like so like
look at the little tie and all maybe
this yeah yeah maybe this one
it's so cute yeah it's gonna be a haul
okay so now that wonder this one yeah no
let's hold you - oh my goodness this is
I need this in a guardo's like look at
her Ducati is annoying
look at this thing hair like that is
epic the water is getting them 46 that's
car fogging this number need that and
need that into our toes laughs Yolo Yolo
welcome to the Yolo Yolo all right
frozen yogurt lads
nothing you've ever had it and the kids
had it in America we're not crazy cuz
you can put anything you want in here
Wow Oh marshmallows my friends I must
tell you a story about frozen yogurt I
don't even know why I was I get scared I
don't even know why anyone ever have ice
cream in their life frozen yogurt is
where at that I've wasted 35 years of my
life eating ice cream
I did not realize frozen yogurt existed
ice cream ice cream this is disgrace to
disgraced frozen yogurts so amazing and
the kids went through space remember I
were in at places every knows and it was
this place at fashioned welcome they got
to like yogurt factory I didn't
understand I didn't know and now it's
too late that's too late oh my goodness
it is literally amazing i sat there and
just like what is this what is this
thing and it's better for you as well I
like to change my life will never be the
same again
okay look dr. clock I think it's because
the wedding going on down there that
cool
cool what a big one huh
get that one
you like fireworks have a pretty dress
Wow okay there big one did big fireworks
one no cutters that one you tell me all
the colors
we got a small issue we have a small
problem it's an fireworks exploding you
see I don't know if that's normal okay
the boat blows up normal this is really
cool
this episode of sacani journeys was so
good there were fireworks bloom I was so
cool that it was so loud the camera
never does it just as a hell laughs that
was plus it was like a blaring band like
just a couple of feet from us as well
like it's pretty cool and there's where
people read the balcony that was cool is
a good little experience anyway thanks
for watching the video surface which I
receive I don't forget things like
button and the subscribe button and all
the other put every button you can see
you see a button just hit it hit it
nothing can go wrong
see you tomorrow bread good heart
