it's really raining today isn't it
yeah but the good news is by the time
you watch this video
we're in sorrento and hopefully it's not
raining in sorrento huh satis I think
it's rainy it is raining out it is
heavily raining lads it is such a Monday
morning and I think a lot of people are
probably back in school this Monday
morning as well it's more like welcome
back to reality folks isn't that what it
is yeah okay you're gonna ready we're
gonna have to run okay we're gonna run
for it
yeah are you ready there goes I'm not
I'm not running with your camera because
the 10 will get ruined so cut to us in
the car drenched or in my pocket that's
the safest place okay cutters in the car
drenched although the water all right
there you go
it's got better as always you wanted
whoa it is ringing ringing situation
tasting underneath situation warning huh
all right we're gonna try and park
basically inside school we're gonna
drive to the playground off to the side
of the door open the door and we're
gonna jump all right
a wife me to run yeah well you kind of I
kind of do the running because you get
carried
you got a hold on really tight yeah hold
on to Daddy really tight he'll keep you
safe and dry and warm
but daddy in this instance is gonna get
soaked
that's what dads do I shouldn't soak oh
sure I shouldn't soak early happy Monday
and I'm at home hello doggies you are
standing around are you looking for a
ball I bought some fins for swimming
about these cool look at these things
they're like little half in things ultra
blue friends from jobs
what were you locked out have you been
locked out you not allowed back in again
are they later oh yeah Oh pizza bread
pizza bread with cheese you got hair
they picked up right there mister sorry
about that
let me get that all for you now you
haven't agreed you having a great time
oh it's not it's tuna United tunity hmm
so I have to go and drop the dog home
because they're going on holidays
holidays going on of these Oh hundred
eggs honeybees
Daisy holler holler at me if you want to
go on days it's some beds got some food
and malls he's official kid beebeep
beebeep okay so what we do is that when
we go away we leave the dogs in here
with the food and the beds we leave a
little crack so hopefully some rain
water comes in
don't people just go to heaven at all
maybe someday we'll drive this rent home
or bring you with us that you hated so
hot alright hello monkey can I see yes
monkey say closed closed oh wow Jonathan
now hi we're on our way home
don't step in the puddles are you sad to
say goodbye
yeah you got your balloon he was picking
you up now
no doggy's are heavens now so visibly
Amelia's last a head nursery
yeah
Amelia is now a member of the preschool
academy yeah we'll keep that balloon
popcorn and wisps
Oh
some juice simcha ham popcorn crisps and
juice any else
wait some flowers
showers for mommy right anything else
what about some sandwiches what you need
a friend as well
right you taking notes of all the things
we need
are these
no no you cannot get up there that is
dangerous
no where's Amelia is Amelia coming
is Amelia coming home fishy oh you want
a kiss no good a kissy too late I gave
it to you
oh it's gonna come is gonna come in
Cisco so we got other things that we
needed and we got chocolate but don't
tell mommy okay
it's a secret chocolate
you're gonna hide behind your back is
that how you like chocolate and you
sneak up to your room and then you get
into bed and you take it and you eat it
is that the trick okay run free you made
it
hey don't forget the whole hide -
chocolate - chocolate no don't what are
you talking about there's nothing there
there's nothing there's nothing to see
here you did Casey wait oh what's wrong
oh you need to get this part and as
explained with the Tim Tam slam patches
never done it ten times them alright
alright there you go
how's yours coming along you all right
then you slam it in your mouth Amelia's
gonna see her lights for the first time
come on yeah do you see them do you see
them
ah oh my goodness what is that do you
love them
it's like a magical fairy Kingdom is
that cool okay oh I love how you just
well he has to come up first let's pull
this down to care Eduardo is chair there
we go
how cute is that you can't really see on
camera as well but I think it looks
really cute and there's no children in
here it's so cozy see if you hadn't
broken your light you could have the
same situation
you guys are so cute tonight we've just
done our work out in the shed we've been
struck by like thunder and lightning not
really but we've had the biggest like
rolls of thunder it's so scary so now
we're gonna do some ABS and I'm kind of
preparing for Sorento cuz I'm I want to
work out when I'm there and kind of keep
up my fitness cuz they're the life Donna
I don't want to like let it go anymore
so this is really good yeah oh it's all
dented I like to wear this hat when I'm
tasting pasta to check gives me a set of
an eye oh that's hot that's hot
okay put it down somewhere give it give
it time don't throw it too much that's
it seems sticky de sticky let's test it
our dead pig so waddle you're gonna add
a little frizz a little shining just go
mmm
he got into an argument with a chair
chair one but why do walk away with a
valuable lesson
don't start get into chairs right before
you go and hunt it gonna right throws
out a big bruise in the side of your
head man I'm gonna go home where dat and
happy little man hmm wonder no wonder no
wonder no tu cama y Dulce pail
oh hello hello hello oh hi hi drop
flights at like 4:00 a.m. so is there
any point going to bed
yes Simba's in trouble immediately
watching The Lion King that's why she's
a bitch that's funny in the head
Simba hmm right let's get out of here
folks
yeah like that edit you
yeah I gotta edit you suck you off
uploads you before we go alright friends
we're adding here we're gonna go to bed
for five seconds so we'll see you
tomorrow and it's Holly
it's Debbie we're gonna stuff our faces
or buffalo mozzarella me Liam I eat you
don't part of anything
say bye bye bye I'll see you tomorrow
friends bye
tomorrow is the beginning of an exciting
adventure friends every year we have
gone to Sorento by the first time we're
in the Sorento I couldn't afford to be
in Sorento we had basically no money and
we spent our entire tiny budget on so we
could get might on the cliffs in the
Amalfi Coast which is pretty cool and
then every year after that we've
upgraded from like one bad out of town
sort of like B&B and we moved up and
moved up and moved up this year we're
gonna try and have like the ultimate fun
so I hope you enjoy the next little
while of vlogs well we're in Sorrento
we're gonna like rents and boats we're
gonna visit some islands I'm gonna try
and get at the Pompeii gonna go some
cave dive we've got some cool stuff
planned up so I hope you guys enjoy the
eggs while the videos and I'll see you
tomorrow good night and don't forget to
like it if you want to comment that's
cool too and subscribe until your friend
to subscribe goodbye
