morning weirdo so taking the media to
nursery she's around here so we're
trying to hide where are you where are
you doing you got mommy's teeth and
we're bringing a dog you good job we go
to nursery nursery yeah you are driving
everybody else mad
I'm sorry if your dog is going that
right wardo and all the doggies
that's quite a lot put all the doggies
let's go
you want to hole in the bear
hold on this close the door first then
we can grab in a veil okay all right
yeah
go run along don't get them mixed up
oh no go get her go get her go get her
go get her lead there you go now you
have her all right push the door open
you can look it's open I opened it
don't let her go again all right we're
going in here all aboard
Nevaeh all right everybody in
you gonna scale what all the Baggies
whose house is that the daddy's house
all right you want to stay in there I
join in Joe Pass yeah maybe you should
it looks pretty though you don't want it
so bad
that's Tina work of the nursery the
nursery the nursery nursery anything
that my heart and mine he was upset
because she wants all the doggies to
come with her I'm not right
yeah maybe the talk is going to land you
later what do you think all right
child one drop the school child seven go
proper under school run dropping a
meeting at the nursery or preschool now
and then dropping the kiddos off the
heavens it's a rat school you're gonna
have fun they did it you did it
school right he's complete complete now
no ID do after the school runs complete
you go home and watch the Coney Jolie's
every time we drop the kids to school
always keep one our home it's called a
backup kid he'll always love you too
child at home will always love you child
goes to school it's just leaving you
yeah hmm like you do at home so he loves
me mm-hmm just finished my cardio
workout but I'm doing a toning workout
as well and guys
our there's I've seen some comments
about like oh why did you wake up when
you work out though of what I put my
makeup on like first thing in the
morning like that's what I do it's like
part of my routine and everybody's
different
obviously like some people don't like
working here with me with makeup on and
that's completely understandable I
understand why but for me I just feel
more confident with my makeup on and
it's like something that I do every
single morning when I wake up and like
I'm filming videos or like that's like
my job so I obviously want to look good
for that and sometimes I don't get the
chance to work early in the morning
always like it might be during nap time
in the afternoon in the evening
sometimes even so that's why I have
makeup on but I feel better with my
makeup on and I know it probably isn't
the best for like pores and stuff but I
feel like I'm talking with a list but
none of you seem to hear it
I just posted a progress pic on
Instagram and it shows the progress from
when I started working it with Lucy and
it's like 10 weeks from from today so
ten weeks ago and that's when I started
working out with her and the progress is
amazing not in terms of just weight loss
it's more like just how I like the body
changes that you can see like in a
picture when you start working out you
gain muscle weight as well so obviously
that's why you're not supposed to like
look at the scale or like be you know
too disheartened if it's not I didn't
really ever want to lose a lot of weight
though being completely honest like I
know that I didn't have I just have like
a few extra pounds I wanted a shed and
that was there I'm really happy with how
I've come so if I can do it any of you
can so yeah I'm really happy with my
progress so far
whoa it's harder than expected I know
where you jumper because I'm doing that
thing you know when a when your advice
is go away somewhere and I don't want to
use up all my good clothes so I'm just
that I'm wearing these goes I'm waiting
clothes that I know it will not be
wearing in Sorento
hold it I can hear tomorrow
together I know I won't be wearing these
clothes in Sorrento so I'm gonna wear
them now I need to be mommy you need to
go home friend
are we playing outside school with our
friends yeah who are you playing with
Layla then we have to go home because
she needs to go peepees
alright you come back here jump back
here come here do you need to try yeah
melius home from nursery really is home
from nursery I mean that's home from
nursery early in the barn and no well if
I empty it now
okay then and then we put it over here
in the Sun angle let so it's in the Sun
now in a little while it'll be nice and
dry are you jumping in muddy puddles
like this is ready original door of the
houseless and this is the original door
bellick funny where else ones yeah let's
go
what oh boy that is quite large if I'm
being honest myself now this is a small
camera this is a big camera this is the
mark tree isn't it 5d Mark 3 to make
fella you probably could blog on it will
be epic looking but quite large it's
your birthday dressing there always see
it you can't have it - a birthday time
so then you guys see an Instagram
picture I do it's their before and after
it's the phone lost my phone it's the
poor and after work and stuff it's so
dramatic so she's making a video talking
about it would you be on their channel
shortly yeah oh you are all right ease
time to collect the doggies from those
lawns school run is still going odds
I'm still on the school run look at the
leaves
a little solace relief leave him alone
he exactly Fallone leave die leave that
leaf alone
use the Hot Tamale is the game Hey so
cute oh come on come over here do you
harness them cuz that way when we get
home you can just jump out you can just
jump back there we go hi watch out don't
win your brother over alright let's go
charge wardo has a bendy knee so you
need to go to hospital a new plaster
from hospital come on let's go guys look
at this picture my mom just sent me this
this is my dad at like basically the
same age as me Eduardo Eduardo you are
not why don't just none oh look they
look so alike look at them they do
disorder older Eduardo that's my dad
when he was 25 zero like anyone see a
major suit
he looks so like old but it's not oldest
his cigarette gone from that time
you know yeah yeah oh yeah yeah don't I
don't get are you excited are you gonna
be on TV we're going now we just gotta
wait for these ads to end and then we're
gonna be on TV
Amelia is gonna be on TV you're gonna
tell all your friends in school are you
going
yeah mommy's on TV wild on TV the
doggies didn't make it on TV but they
might cook little clips of the doggies
ya know some of you are gonna be on TV
as well from summer to city exciting
ready go
or that's what happened coffee That's
not me crying for the record
now camellia the TV shows on
not yet well what did you think about
being on TV did you like it yes mommy
right now mommy we just had a bath we
watched it it's kind of fun I don't know
if you guys watch it leave some comments
if you know what you think of it we have
managed to make em the show trend on
Twitter so that was cool everyone's
talking about it
it's so weird watching yourself as a
turd person from nudists for so long huh
now right hmm
hey weirdo okay well we better go to bed
we have about we had the bath and now we
have story time in bed time which is an
exciting time which is like a Friday
night this is that exciting my friend
and I say these things that's it
say bye friends thank you for watching
and that is the end of the video for
today I hope you enjoyed in and I hope
you stay till the end and if you did hit
the like button leave in as calm and
then subscribe if your new hookahs soon
I'll have a time and reward it's a very
long way away the other thing of the
show you're like what's pretty future
you know what you want to do and I was
like I was happy with my gold award I'm
looking at it beside me it's very tasty
I've always wanted one but now I need a
diamond one okay so if you happen to
know 9 million people how many people
are in arted there's like 4 million
people in Ireland oh my goodness thank
you in UK okay just like 80 million
people in the UK I just need 9 9 million
people to subscribe to my channel
I got a gold award always be dreaming
lads always inspired to do something
I'll see you guys tomorrow thanks for
watching
