good morning friends good morning in
media oh I like your shoes and your
mermaid and your bow did you dress
yourself a little bit
we acuerdo up we wanted our first anyway
yeah hey the putters why no - struggling
oh I know is that ease of you when you
are saying you're twice yeah wait okay
it's nice to share toys he can't do that
back
Eduardo you want to give it to Emilia
like this look Frankie you put your toy
in my hands my mother and I I got that
you're doing yeah okay yeah that sound
like a deal let's head toddlers
negotiate you saw a child negotiation
just going on there always business
Eduardo story you want to take this toy
what he has some are made yeah
watch out the wheel the bus go round and
round all day long
we're all aboard random stairs to get
some breakfast it was fall tonight to
open the bus today
I think that's how they have them in
jelly bean the third one I think know
something second one Oh what do you
think Amelia and that better yeah that's
the one she's got a little enzyme
hitting the table okay I need to put an
improper like you're almost at the same
price now mm-hmm he's at the top one and
she's two from the bottom this is all
Eduardo has for breakfast mrs. Anna
media has a record he's my pal be into
the bed he snuck him up so obvious
always sleep in our bed next to the
puppies downstairs it was very hard to
transition him I would recommend never
letting your dog you sleep in your bed
cuz it's really really hard to explain
to them why they have to tend sleep
downstairs
mmm-hmm we still come up he loves it he
just you know he just falls back eating
it's like
this is where I sleep
- puppies sleep downstairs thought you'd
made a couple of mistakes made me
accidentally put me down with the
puppies been around for six years
oh nothing
Domon with you nothing quark many houses
in quark back in 2012 in the early
spring with me rat and mid I had a
 fling but as fears pass from the
Burrow sorry but my hand the other hand
is born in history just let me know that
would be so cool was it Paul water
pops zero paddling pool right tonight
the cooler version or Bucky 312 in the
only point buckle over put up with the
Popo bleep that's my parity I'll be I'll
be you know look at him
this is my dog this is my dog I have six
donkeys this is my original Bob this is
my first board dr. Otto dr. Otto paging
dr. Otto you're needed in every theater
dr. Bartel I had some chores
did you and I've done them now also I
got the car valeted valet from a I
suspect vomiting dad actually said that
no but they always do look at the floor
isn't that so cool car smells amazing
carpet I love that the way to do two
little lines it's totally worth it for
the lines guys funny at the head
seananners car now it's probably gonna
take quite some time but alloted let's
head back home american ability or under
youtube youtube we do this this is
becoming a common occurrence you're
walking down the stairs getting the late
in the light go out no they don't know
chess Magorium's hello Betty hello
okay I'm going to show you something
very very cool okay we are doing this
video series here and look at this so
this is a new ruling remember before we
used to put ad in the videos because if
we were doing something like this where
we have a commercial relationship with
the mev channel which is owned by us
that which is where our baking series is
moms eye view you can check it out and
extend below
well what they've decided to do in their
new ruling is that you don't actually
have to disclaim the entire video
anymore because it wasn't fair to say in
entire videos and ad where sometimes
only one like tiny section of the video
is actually dad so this section here
right now is the actual ad part of the
video so it's going to be a little
just come up really slightly just like
warning warning the following is an
editorial which is unshown this is which
is uh Spacey telling you to go over on
Sunday to their mums IV channel and
watch our baking series why yeah yeah so
yeah that's the new development you'll
start to see that on other people's
videos as well so well we are compliant
we are good boys and girls are you hey
mrs. are you complained are you
complained alright did you see the
Minnie and Mickey stuff mommy's making
me alright
Minnie so we've got we find us put minis
in the background not show the sink then
there's all these mini stuff here and
the mini plate it's an Oreo mini
surprise thing it's um it's not these
but these are if you don't want to bake
honest when you can just buy these in
the shop but as it should be pretty cool
pretty are you pretty excited to make oh
look at her showed you bring in her
share over you excited to go baking with
mommy oh don't you bring your channel
for you okay that's going no all right -
Baker extraordinary we need some lights
thanks to y'all for your concern get the
adorn going arena rocky wrong it's a
mine the good looking
so we get the cars cleaned whose Anna's
car nice and clean her her leaf wrap is
gone and it's my little thing look nice
and shiny again from a speck Valerie
thank you sir
made it look amazing again I'm shiny
alized rumors like that before and then
it got not shiny like this old fella
here there's no reflection and on his
car it's nice and clean there's so much
nicer when you're clean aren't they in
America like everyone's scared from
California everyone's cars are like this
all the time because never rains I'm so
jealous
it's writing like this for about a
couple hours it's gonna be over the rain
now just over complicate story okay what
it does it rains mud in the UK so what
are you guys doing in an hour or two
depending on what time you're watching
this so that showed that we films are
ITV this one here actually even though
it says Thursday it's actually on a
Friday I think you'll be able to watch
it on the player at a later date if you
miss it but it's on ITV tonight for you
if you're watching this on Friday at 8
o'clock on ITV who knows
you should totally watch it I'm excited
to watch it because they were here for
like like almost like we felt like so
many different things and I'm like
really interested see how they put it
all together or what the conclusion was
missed it you can check it out on the
ITV player I don't know how I'll be able
to link in this video but I will if it's
if it's available if it's available but
I am exciting television hopefully you
can get it in aren't I don't know I
don't know I don't know if you can watch
it live hey don't look watch life what
happens if I click on this thing here
not hawk-eyed cv1 oh yeah maybe you can
thank you much late tomorrow
mobs obviously nuts cuz that wouldn't be
life but um check and see ed that's
that's me and that's Eduardo I am making
dinner I just took like first offense
spray which is so like it goes through
your brain or something
but I think I'm coming down the kids
called and I really don't want to get
sick so this is first different that is
a piece of our house yeah this is first
offense if you don't already go and
basically it makes you feel sick
for like a couple of minutes or
something but it's supposed to like
cancel out or like get rid of or fight
off a cold before it even happens kind
of thing so you're supposed to do at the
first sign of a cold anyway I'm making
pasta with prawns and peas and chili
sauce that was pretty less beef
sorry about that anyway so that's what
we're making for dinner and we you told
me tossed out of course I've got my
cupcakes here oh hi Minnie Mouse
Oh mushy peas Oh got inside and eat her
dinner I don't care what time it is
papa did you set the alarm off give me
this come here come here
necessary you know yeah
Oh naughty naughty very naughty little
boy named Eduardo bounders maybe that's
where your face bunkers comes from you
much bumpkin hmm all right way to say
bye-bye you tomorrow thanks for watching
hit the poopoo button
yeah baby
you say it and that's it that's all we
have for you today now that's the end of
the show please vacate the building
don't forget to tune in to ITV 1 and
it'll be so weird - I'm just so curious
to see what it's like as like I'm so
used to filming myself and editing what
I film but to have somebody else like a
turd person's point of view of us you
might even see my legs cuz like you
never see past usually my like torso or
something it'll be weird one even
goodbye tomorrow
hit the like button in the comments and
subscriptions why can√≠t Xmas AHA or who
