good morning I'm here with Lucy I still
have a lisp I think some really
self-conscious about it but we're up
early and we're gonna work out and I did
a workout yesterday so I'm trying to
stick with it because we're going away
soon but Lucy's gonna help me and we're
gonna do this I need to get my mat as
well but this should be fun I think I
might film a little bit just to show you
guys like a tiny bit of what we're doing
meet is joining in on the workout hey yo
you at the hand come on let's go we're
going to nursery are you bringing your
big hand with you I pens University run
this morning nursing my earning history
in the barn and is it nursery in the
morning I want about the afternoon so
are you bringing the glove wit you to
nursery you're Snow White
hello Snow White have you seen the
little Dwarfs I can't talk to you what
about sneezy and sleepy and happy
and sloppy and Dipsy and pinky-winky
and pull
no I Snow White
do you want an apple
it's non-white ate the apples remember
what happened when snow white ate the
apple she fell asleep didn't G she was
like the prince woke her off
yay can I be the Prince I'll be the
Prince you be sleeping beauty
okay sorry Snow White so we managed to
get rid of the glove but then I had to
carry her that was the deal
no glove but that he carries you right
what was the deal
we're deal makers deal breakers UK for
nursery for nursery right so we just
finished our workout that was tough and
now we're gonna film a video for Lucy's
is it for your YouTube yeah yeah for her
YouTube channel LWR fitness yeah and it
involves this which I think it's really
cute look LWR fit jar and it's sparkly
Amelia would love this yeah we're gonna
film that now and I'm trying to get Lucy
into snapchat I really wanted him to do
snapchat I think she would really like
it yeah nothing I bet you will love it
what are you doing in there okay I'll
close this over then hello
you know I better go collect your sister
what
all right oh no I'm a bad parent I'm
late to collect inferno sorry someone's
excited to go home okay put your bike by
gun you want me to carry you you have to
wear a bag if you want me to carry you
that's the rules of being carried we
call them the carrier rules
I'm the carrier pigeon how was your
first day in preschool I told you the
glove would be here do you want to go to
the shops with dad a new bicycle for me
no I think we'll go to the shop dome
we'll get some window cleaner one of our
window cleaner and some bleach and some
toilet cleaner
did you enjoy preschool hey I was
talking to her the teachers don't there
they've gotten to know her quite well
known her friends you know and I was
asked him because when you have it a
little baby you tend to do like like the
first-year party was kind of like it was
more for like you know the adults and
then her second - your party
we just moved to the UK so you know we
didn't know many many people and then we
had kind of like our friends and kids
and stuff and this year we're having a
party but we're having it again like
it's our friends and our friends who
have children and stuff but I feel like
Amelia has made friends and school and
stuff now so they're getting a list of
all her friends that she likes in school
and we're gonna have a second person
gonna have to part birthday parties this
year the first birthday party I don't
know if you guys are going to see it
because why because we're gonna do it it
won't be in our house but we're gonna do
some where it's just so I mean they can
invite all her school friends and then
go mad and you mine is coming as well
apparently Jemima is coming that's
that's all really just a meaning the
right man but I leave you some
suggestions and ideas of what you think
would be a good for a good third
birthday party like I was thinking like
soft play or like somewhere where the
kids can just go mad have fun eat cake
and then go sleep you need to go to
sleep
I thought you come to the shops with me
yeah so that's the plan that's the plan
all right I mean it's in charge of this
expedition so you you tell me what to go
where to drive okay you're in charge
over there okay so it looks like we need
some mushrooms so you need some
mushrooms
shall we consult in this that mommy sent
instead of just making it up as we go
along okay Cheerios you may take a note
Cheerios bleach milk soap window cleaner
and stamps maybe flour for Helen and
your helena dog walker
come on crashed into her van for while
Bardot's not here
yeah they cry you notice you just got
all the like the rap and the design and
the vine and then someone crashed in
doing I think it's written off which is
really upset well here's a toy No oh you
mean this special point well let's go do
all our chores first and then we'll see
if we can get some special secret chores
okay
oh there might be so I'm looking for a
cake that says sorry someone make you
feel what is this what you're thinking
fresh cream coffee cherry muffins
wouldn't it be fun though to find like a
doggy food cake let's go over here like
the teemed cakes let's see if you can
find a funny doggy one would not be cool
like oh this giant vintage cupcake
beginner to me like will do is like a
doggy wine oh my goodness look oh my
goodness look do you think Helen would
like that one isn't that fun look farm
and Friends what do you think oh let's
let's not wash it down let's put it in
nice and gently
hmm we also own another chocolate I
think that's a fun one like these are
celebration cakes that's a big lumpy
thing oh why do it like that I did it
like that that's you she get daddy first
birthday okay fat cake yeah daddy likes
cars too okay okay
I'll remember I'll remember
the first media scored some eggs for her
and Eduardo and then we spend over 15
pounds so she got to pick a free ride
the first thing so it worked out very
well for Amelia today hello when
skin.you driving mm-hmm you driving
munchkin what um are you in the right
seat no not yet okay soon just in
another couple of years
okay now hop in here did you get
immediate did you get something for
wardo
come on a weirdo look media has
something for you
wardo Amelia got something for you
hmm did is that nice you know we take
our bag off baby
Gigi need help opening it guys yeah okay
bring him into the table let's open them
so Lana's going all out so as I said
this is what I got Helen just appointed
okay then I don't went ahead and there's
no baking her brownies wit these are
Helens eggs Ellen has chicken Ellen
Helen those chickens now and she makes
her own eggs yes so she could actually
eat brownies baked with her own eggs
but look how cool these are there's so
much fun look at him
I'm acting like little algae and feel a
little more
I'm gonna copy their so here enough
they're so cute little baby a so I was
asking right I was asking how do you
know the difference between an egg I'm
like would this ever become a chicken
cuz I was like children feel bad about
any egg apparently this will never
become a chicken because they need a
male egg demand AG fertilizes the egg
after it comes out like he sits under
something now
sube la Simoneau the male fertilizes the
egg after it comes out he then go and
thought something to the egg and then
the hen sits on the egg he is you say
that so these are maybe wrong but anyway
this egg can never be a chicken and it
never was going to be a chicken yeah
yeah it was never going to because ever
of like feel like oh no could have been
it could have been a little fella heart
like you be cracked it open it because I
didn't sing and I look it's like a baby
but it's not a baby it's just probably a
small egg bring you down the tone of the
show here I know doesn't sound this
sounds like tasty just let's just end it
there let's just stop
I don't even want that anymore we are
headed to Helens which Jonathan's never
been there before I remember I'm excited
because if there might be like funny
I'll keep out there I know I'm pregnant
so chickens I know we're we're not going
for that reason we're not going for like
ourselves we're going to drop off these
same eyes um a Cartier curtain because
she's got pink egg Clark was like how
cute is on anyway
no bad idea but yes so we're gonna give
her some brownies and some cakes and
stuff and hopefully make her feel better
because I I know I would feel absolutely
distraught if that happened to me like
she was like well it's like a 2015 like
a brand new van no designed to wrap and
then she put it on and it was his wife
and it wasn't her fault she's alright
she's not a big like she's not Tesco
she's just having you know so when it's
your own small baby one yeah yeah you
boys know it's just more it sucks as it
wasn't it was somebody else's fault
unlike well at least it was someone
else's fault so then at least you get a
free man I get new ones you know the
paper but still over here
it's like a charade there's no
room here we brought cakes like she's
got a dog thing or something I was like
oh good you're so cute you may be my egg
- things are ridiculously good though
they're like are they so moist in the
middle I know today good so you get the
whole box to yourself
how cool is this like the dogs at their
own little house you've got ducks ducks
and chickens and geese look at little
chickens
you guys made brownies
Oh your eggs went to good use well
chickens over and it's so cool we're
back from Helens guardo's taking the
train you offered the Train little man
amelia is what is Amelia doing you're
doing that you having fun so juice snah
manages are we having for lunch for
dinner what's the lunch for dinner is
that little you know I mean I don't
think Oh probably having dinner it's all
we're having dinner that's what's in
there Oh
all right folks make your way to the
phone please folks yeah we a dog we go
ahead pull the guard order what do you
do you can't get up there what's your
plan do you have a plan
is there a plan there's a lot of duty
where you were you doing for where are
you two doing - all right why did I save
my friends oh that's under my
boyfriend's it is actually a media save
my friends media save my friends see you
bye friends oh this I like
they say talk to the hand say talk to
the hand to the face ain't listening bye
friends thanks for watching roll and
sleep you still here
hello friends of the internet I'd like
to take this opportunity for thank you
for watching this video presentation I'd
like to extend an invitation to clicking
of the like button and leaving your
review and she conversational shatter
blow in the comment section of the video
now talk to you all later
again tomorrow or perhaps maybe a little
bit of a devil devil on the Twitter's
and Facebook's on the snapchats goodbye
