Oh
this frequently is very exciting just
send off some DNA saliva to ancestry and
they will tell you where you're from and
all exciting stuff like that and all you
have to do to it the tweet using the
hashtag ask your experts and add
ancestry UK and answer this question
friends what is your page and I'll see
you tomorrow
I can't wait for Christmas
and the last
No hey guys we're here at breakfast
Jonathan's a little bit worse for wear
hello okay do you blog if you blog any
of your
can you have the camera I no no no I
went to bed at like what time was it to
midnight or half yeah which is really
it's still really late for me and then
Jonathan woke me up at half three
so I injured him in a rage I need to
wake this baby it's a bit like I won't
be ing o blaring and I we've been used
at the vessel this should be a Cal Poly
try
last night was not to read every night I
didn't in the story I didn't even like
vlog or anything I just wasn't going yet
like low-key I like the vibe this year
this was the room that we were in there
was a big clean they're not bad even
joined John work here good job it was a
good party and wasn't really cookie
dough
because we're safe I think we are
leaving this little town this is such a
nice little time I don't know the name
of it though but it's all like quaint
and nice everything is cool
hi yes yeah yeah no I was really cute
poor lass is teething really bad yeah
you know what I'm telling them we need
to get Markos and teething toys Oh
meaning Eduardo bought her teething toys
oh that's such a photograph that's such
a like an old-fashioned photograph this
he is looking at the window Oh could I
should I be so lucky
I'll get this room now what you can just
bailed us okay this little thing and
then there's a door here that like
doesn't go anywhere and there's probably
some secret passage and like this is
like it's got to be hunted look what he
did to me
oh my god this is even worse no put your
dog yeah what's his name Cromwell hi
guys
hi guys
what so we are home
did you miss me did you have fun with
Erica oh what did you guys do yeah
what did you guys get up to what yeah
did you did you go to bed good last
night were they messing did they get you
hyper because mo bonus they came up I
had a shower like it wash my hair and
then before that day came up that I
actually wash my hair wasn't that yeah
yeah so I had absentee a lot of showers
but Eduardo had Michelle because he
didn't have a shower like when I had the
diarrhea oh that's right that's why I
had to skip night Ethan so I went to bed
i er did they read you a book yeah and
Erica did learn Little Miss milites won
but we couldn't find a minute her to my
sake certainly read it
she was helpful and then I think it odd
that Dorothy absence and and she went
like you guys because I'm her story she
she had to step one to mr. P's mouth and
she did this and then there was still a
tape on my mouth no and he copies the
story did she what did you miss mommy
and daddy
Thank You Mia that's so nice Emilia and
mommy are going out together are you
wear makeup or something hey yeah you
were sometimes how to talk me through
your Luck's you've got lip stuff on I
got shame on you got shimmer shimmer
scat I'm gonna get mascara on this she
did you put the makeup on you're going
on a beauty run with Mummy
thank you God you can have to pay girls
night out girls my dating girls night
out
uh-huh that's gonna be fun oh okay we
zip in and can you get all the way in
wide on the other hand is staying here
with me and then I see yeah you see oh
that's nice
was amazing as a parent sometimes yeah
just blow off the steam yo and they did
a great night I thought was the best I
didn't really enjoy the summer green
party that we had but I really enjoyed
the someone before them we didn't make
Christmas but last night's party was off
the hook
it was so much fun like it was good
crack like Amelia and I are off to you
Donna
I'm getting my nails done and yeah for a
little Christmas elves today I media I
want you to come with me she's not
getting her nails done today but well I
I'm she's gonna come with me and she's
gonna play with the sausage dogs maybe
Ruby yeah
pair come on this side of media
they're drunk
golden Abyss really Wow I feel like such
a bad mom I sprayed perfume on Amelia
that I got in my goodie bag from gleam
it's actually a nice person that was
super strong because I didn't realize
that the first spritz had actually
sprayed so I sprayed a second I'm
thinking it was the first night and now
she and she's white
okay I'll get it for you your hair is
done I put a bow in instead we are in
Donna's and it was just supposed to be
me getting my nails done look here my
say look there like Navy but Donna made
up this color so it's a special
custom-made color but um yeah it was
just supposed to be me but Donna so
lovely that she squeezed in some time
for Amelia to get a glitter tattoo
wasn't that nice in media yeah cuz
you've been so good no that's not gonna
work in me huh this one it has to be
Christmassy because it's gonna be
Christmas yeah and Santa Claus might see
your tattoo or the elves will see it and
they'll tell Santa she's like half the
size of my love cute guy who's so cute
Hey and Bart was gonna be only song
yep Mia's getting a little gem now not
only does she get a tattoo she gets a
real diamond where's your time don't you
have like a point like a prop one that
you usually have out it's like fun
when you come to town let's get real
diamond Wow
that's her than that is so cool dry we
are tired and hungry but guys I must
inform you of hormuz CIPA chipper
tonight we are drinking no tonight we're
eating bolognaise a lot possible guys
check out this show
buna bomber on em on Netflix it's based
on the true story of the Unabomber
una unique bomber let's call me
Unabomber you know it's University and
air maybe say too many times now oh no
not anyway watch it it's on Netflix
right now it's only like I think it's
got like 7 episodes like a short story
to see you like try to vlog for ages and
I'm like wasting away over here thirsty
is everyone up anyway I just wanna let
you guys know you like when we update
you we're gonna go now I don't know how
long this video is a bit shorter on like
seriously everyone's taking liberties
with my dinner what you guys get a
haircut it is crazy that that's a genie
looking please eat me dog all right
anyway we're out of your friends ya mean
early night tonight
oh stop now you're you're making it
going longer now you did you said things
right me dog see ya hey guys
right here see you guys tomorrow I hope
you enjoy it ah now is there almost
Christmas it's like Christmas in a
couple of days crazy so long for a while
huh wiedersehen goodbye
