good morning friends so we went to all
the gifts you guys gave and we made a
little selection for Amelia and for
Eduardo so we looked at many products it
doesn't take you can take him for the
meteorite
what this is your section look at gzb
world oh yes some training some cars hmm
some socks you wanna give them
everything cuz like Lily we left our
like five bags and stuff is too much too
much don't beat your that out don't beat
you bad okay oh yeah yeah just get a
chesty cough oh yeah I know effect
friends a little like your friends like
a teal he's trying be like I'll be look
let me see I don't know yeah very very
pretty
hmm movies Co Xena and Alvey Nevaeh
always get jealous
jealous and then they start fighting and
then it's wound
give me brother hug oh now did you hear
a rumor
hey Jill what's that
go to your seat go to your chair listen
cards again naturally knows that the
drivers and that's rail car driver
usually party bus a bus
Porcia
hmm rescue give me this bike no peopie's
go peepees
are you a present
you want me to pick you up do you pick
up a present okay come on let's go get
the present just reach over here and
then and then alright presence let's go
to the party just pick up our presents
okay hon I think we can actually pick up
the present hold on why else I know you
stand here let's see if you can pick up
the presents okay you ready
hold on tight
oh you didn't need any presents you just
needed a good bag mom that should be
arriving Disneyland it's called a Disney
princess ride basically get in the bag
all right and someone just like
basically just picks you up and then
swings you swing on it what is also this
one whoa okay daddy's actually dizzy oh
no oh no daddy's busy that is going down
we got a daddy going down because
actually no age requirements on this
particular ride so any age can do no no
Oh daddy right out ready on this one now
what a big boy
some of the tracks someone's on the
tracks we need to bag side by side you
get in this one no no you get in this
one beside wardo maybe it may be wardo
should be now a nothing smaller see if
you can get into that one no no sense
you know this is gonna be epic stay with
us stay with us in this one it's like
this up here don't try this at home kids
I'm a trained idiot okay we gonna do
some testing on this one first make sure
okay I'm not forgetting you oh that's it
this way let me say for fall all right
ready
okay guys here's my haul so I went
shopping I bought you Eduardo doll and
give me a doll they're so cool
I got me a dog
thank you for visiting thank you for
visiting did you enjoy that do you have
a Fastpass you do you want the two years
to go into one bag what are you gonna do
it again
Eduardo don't listen to your sister and
media know it's dangerous career you're
going it's gonna end badly
get it get that off your head Oh
later we were in the pools chosen
surrender stuffs let's dry off let's get
some lunch on the go who wants lunch me
hi guys
guys are they giving where to some ham
eat it why don't you gonna eat it
don't you like ham
I've got the gang helping me today
you're gonna be discontent lens look at
your timelines move could be careful
though all right
we're making some cheese and ham in a
pit of red okay you want to pin a bread
some pities don't eat that are you
hearing that no I told you why not
that's daddy's one I toasted you some
over here hmm
okay we're gonna get them tough
they're hot no no no no no no no you
gotta wait you gotta wait okay I'm gonna
do the magic no all right we open these
add some ham cheese and we're ready to
rock hello cam family cam family come
family all right he wants to go for a
snooty jacuzzi not in a jacuzzi dough
it's newsy not in a jacuzzi who wants
that
when I put you to bed right I know jokes
were delicious
Oh
Oh watch the Porsche book the one okay
another book wait another buck
take another one mr. toggle wide all huh
lady Tasha Waddell who's that
dad wider
can you say Eduardo yeah you want to
call yourself when we is going to
college that they can remediate call
herself Biba gonna call yourself well
Amelia can you say Amelia can you say
Jonathan can used a pic can you say flip
can you see Peppa Peppa you want good
night moon sometimes we like the switch
box help we'd like to remix them but
like hurry-scurry flip-flop good night
moon that's the remix you're a cutie pie
not to be confused with Buddha by cutie
pie not Buddha pay
Eduardo get me wrong I'm gonna miss this
can you go off the world oh I used to do
this to meet Mia did she wake you up are
you gonna cater person who does multiple
chairs or tries really hard to get
everything in one go
I'm a one goer kind of guy I like if we
like you know you go like grocery
shopping and you've got like 20 bags in
the boot of the car I will somehow
manage to get all of them in and one go
even though I have used 10 times you
made of effort had I just taken one bag
at a time you know but I'd be like
killing like that but like I can bring
all of these bottles down the stairs in
one go I can do it 50 times as long just
like walking really slowly trying to I
don't know let me know it's a couple of
hours later I decided to cook dinner you
may have seen on Twitter and I was like
John's gonna cook something up quite
tasty Hey
I did I did I cut through some Thai food
I cooked up some Thai food you guys
wanna go peepees
wait wait wait someone's gonna smell
look look new he's like where we were a
second
I smell something this month of being
tasty he's never been tasty I cooked
something tasty and nutritious nice
hairy I cooked it and then I find that I
put it in the garden and then I put it
in here and that's his Anna and Jonathan
so like don't eat my ones okay you can
only eat your ones you guys ready you
guys ready
give me pie
alright let's get out of here let's eat
this up whoo oh my oh I made it
I've been away I'm surprised what
alright save my friends if you save my
friends thanks for watching like button
leave a nice comment below blue alright
this was the end of the video hope you
enjoyed it as you go please come back
tomorrow and we'll do it again so don't
forget to hit the like button don't
forget to leave a comment don't forget
to be nice to your friends I don't know
where my imagination gets so thanks
friends hope you enjoyed it it's a bit
of a mad one today who knows at home dad
kills gazes ideas run away with him
I'm telling that it's that sewing idea
mr. Cornejo Leland when it comes to that
see you later
thanks for watching
