good burning friends and friends and
friendliest threatens and all the
friends in all the world we'd like to
say good morning can you talk like this
Amelia Eduardo
hello in wardo you're a bit of a
skeleton a scallywag and a skeleton so
something arrived this morning now I'm
on my way into London right but
something arrived this morning oh now I
don't know if I should show you this
we're not really supposed to look at
this until Saturday what is that it's
kind of for you it's for everybody have
to see how it opens Wow first but we're
kind of not supposed to
well I'm allowed to look at it but I
don't know am I supposed to show you
it's a bad time table guardo hey weirdo
oh you thought my day was he a
nincompoop Karl Menninger poop make him
pill you're a nincompoop weirdo can poop
anyone have an idea can you know make a
guest with it this is can you see in
okay I have to run and catch a train and
get to London but I'll try and open this
before we go it's for me and you and all
our friends but I kind of did all the
work let's be honest let's be honest now
okay it's this team and even
Oh No don't do that
are you ready all right sneak peek is
this sneak peek oh it's taken you ready
you ready
Oh check that out
huh is that cool is that cool don't
separate is that cool
what is it look it's a gold award it is
the giant glance like there's no joke
like that's my hand
criticized it is thing how cool is that
guys he's not cool would you prefer if
it was like a princess or something yeah
okay eat you this is great at all but
hey there's something inside my one
it's a white dot it's so cool all right
let's cover it okay okay let's close the
back up let's close the back up okay I'm
going in to alphabet D Google it's
pretty cool um I can't really talk about
what I'm doing
it's very strict but they're gonna show
me in the future of YouTube which is
kind of cool
Eduardo's outside right and this is the
classic classic example of what happens
to me unlike a daily basis what does he
pull out oh just my house keys sitting
in water in this car Wow oh you're
painting Wow yeah water no don't eat it
it's yucky yucky yeah so basically I
couldn't find them yesterday and they
were in that car in a puddle of water so
I'm just gonna remove them even though
they're like this new favorite toy
oh there once is it yucky
he was also playing with this
which is kept quite cool because it
rained so the sand has gone all like you
know you can actually shake that he's
going around going up pull and then
going don't eat it though cuz that's
that's a doggies after all mm-hmm it
came from that tree that is tree yeah is
huge
looks like those ones are a lot smaller
no it's not that is a true organic apple
you have in your leg Chi mmm no my leg
I'm still not done I was like Midway
doing natasha has gone to pick up a
media so I'm just supervising but
there's been a lot going on this morning
mm-hmm a lot has been happening in this
house I know I look like I've got no
eyebrows right now I mean you know what
I need I need to get my eyebrows tinted
I've had a lot of people tell me that I
should do it you always look so cute
when you're eating it's like food just
makes him happy you're like your mummy
hmm food makes you happy same a media's
home hi did you have a fun day you look
cool I like your outfit it's very pretty
yes you can
I was actually in there for like five
hours I think and I didn't like any of
it the whole time so it seems like I've
only been in London for five minutes but
actually it was like five hours I'm
heading home now I gotta try to find go
in the bridge train station enjoy it is
I think it's this way trying to follow
maps and hopefully today I'm gonna paint
our nails now we put us have you chosen
HK rock that you chose pink and what's
this
bitter one yeah and let's see we have
done this and quite some times you have
to push down cuticles we're doing a real
nice get these cool down yep you just
push them down like this
it void is getting his done the ketchup
tears though like he's look like oh he's
so happy with himself
Nichkhun Eduardo mm-hmm and we're done
oh yeah they're just a bit oily okay
what you want a different one we could
do your toes if you want
Eduardo wants to give up okay and I am
home I am home probably is a pain person
an apple and a soy hello did you miss me
today meeting yeah you want to smack
you're not excited dad's home oh and is
that if you have to choose giving daddy
a hug or having a snack what would you
choose come on snack attack
snack attack hey weirdo no snack attack
oh my goodness
oh oh oh just cooking up some dinner
I'm making beef with black bean sauce
and I think I'm gonna do oh don't do
that that's made of boiling which we
don't want look at this no change in the
temperature all right so I think no it
worried Oh aah aah
No can you get me some noodles we're in
the noodles nothing in here in here okay
spinach noodles excuse me I think
they're my favorite ones thank you open
open okay I don't know why you're gonna
excite it because nothing's gonna happen
it's not like you're gonna get to eat it
like right now there you go open up okay
maybe in a second if mommy has to boil
the water first okay sorry
that's I figured I have to make this
better
okay watch 1 million friends my did you
like cuz you guys change that the
friends would that be it would that be
okay if I just put this in it look we
just sell it ate that on Larry's it were
two halves of brushes and a meal eat
some popcorn
do you have popcorn are you sharing your
popcorn with your brother
are you singing a song dinner has been
served and it's time to go get your bag
and cold the office you must go you want
to play hide and seek basically midnight
lights
I'm in vent for the kids all right you
ready you hide I'll try and find you you
hide find a good spot me and wardo why
no you're gonna help me find Amelia Y
dou Y dou where's Amelia Eduardo Eduardo
no find Amelia it was at all it wanted
Oh Eduardo
okay let's go find Amelia does anybody
know where Amelia is can anybody spot
Amelia
hello you're on superzoom
I need to hide okay you count to ten
will hi come on right now we have to
hide not on the stones are you hiding
don't go in there all the spiders aren't
in there I'll call him spider-man okay
we're ready
Wow get here's actually candy
it's a cute idea okay thank somebody
else Tigerettes hey will we tag our
friends me nothing your tag video we
know no can tell people it's man that's
a magical door my friends see you
tomorrow thanks for watching today's
video presentation say all that
let's play that mm-hmm how awesome is
this ends late I think it's like all the
intros that we've done over the years
and he has really cool look at the
Sorento one that's deadlier than the
first one and then okay next I think was
that yellow one I think yellow one came
next and then it was the quark one and
then I was the one we're in that house
and then I think I hate that I think
then it was the one when we moved to the
UK
possibly possibly that is so cool good
job whoever made that it's a Coney
jeweler is b or anyway thanks much watch
today's video hope you enjoyed it I hope
it brought some happiness and excitement
glorious glory into your life give us
know like if you're still here sure your
might as well given if you got this far
in the video you might as well commit
leave a comment give us know like and
I'll see you guys tomorrow good bye
