I'll paint one we hope you bring me to
nursery three oh yeah you can show it
and recipe and all your friends bring no
one you want to bring your one to
nursery if you really want to your hand
I don't know if it's gonna fit
how's that and it finally came
okay you can go oh you're Minnie Mouse
bag do you insure their friends yeah
yeah it's really cool
ah yeah that's what he says when he sees
a little piggy he says it's George as a
dinosaur give Roy go back George
Oh No
right my mum's going home so I'm just
bringing her suitcase out car and we're
gonna take a Meany action nursery I'll
do it oh yeah yeah so she's probably
gonna be upset when she I don't think
she really realizes what's going on um I
will keep the dogs inside are we ready
to go we're just waiting on Omar and
Erika yeah we're gonna show it on my
neck under three okay hold on oh and I
bump to my car yesterday on that thing
look you can actually see it oh my god
how bad is that
I can't reverse like it's a
all right we're gonna say bye-bye to OMA
yeah we'll show her your nursery first
okay you're nicely yeah yeah yeah yeah
and then goodbye did you make it Wow I
did it freedom you shake it there's a
face plant
plant the face what are you trying to do
what are you trying to do mm-hmm what
are you trying to do
you've been the new Rocky movie have
come to the conclusion at the grass no
matter how much I wanted to is not going
to cut in Delfin
I have come to that conclusion oh I
watch your web snow you do that you walk
to grab you like is there a spider
nesting on the side of my head right now
let me know the thumbs below where is
this you know you just walk through
bigness I'm gonna move car friend
sideways car friend mover and then we're
gonna need white friends oh no I haven't
actually brought you guys out my friend
in quite some time
no no so I should do that again soon all
right mister let's get to work
all I ever thought it
right
I'll see you in September
my thanks for everything
I hope you enjoy your bagels falen -
along with me
my thanks for everything safe flight
prolly even know
they buy now so see all that that was
one row look I got one little row done
all that grass is gonna take a lot of
folks it's also autumn for some reason
all the leaves everywhere all the leaves
are brown all the leaves are brown the
sky is gray pity I didn't realize that
an audience you know where you'd oh you
knew who I do you can come out if you
want when you come out boy is the cutest
little munchkin in the world are you the
cutest elements give me in the world you
think you might be I think you might be
hi did you have fun today
no do me to pick you up for me to carry
you are you not talking anymore okay let
me pick you up
ah let's press the button let's go home
Louie what go press the button you want
to go sleep on daddy
yeah are you tired
did you have a late night yeah late
night nuts is up reading books I think
huh
you gonna miss oh my is that what's
wrong yeah maybe we'll go visit all my
soon look so we put daddy's car here oh
honey oh you see your reflection come on
in in quickly it's dirty it's dirty
I like your outfit today it's very cute
well let me move this a tray look at the
duardo some puppets in there do you see
you tomorrow Johnson puppets there's
plenty I don't wanna eat if you want to
eat them up for that okay you meet them
okay thank you
let's put your little roof on that right
that well everybody mommy's best friend
I don't know I'll go and check
my doggies sit mommy's best friend
alright it's actually a little while
later would be a couple hours later I
sneak because as you can tell if
somebody's following us don't look
behind you but there's somebody if
they're in front you know Francesca's
don't matter that's who did that okay
it'll be okay
now we're gonna turn up it's kinda rainy
it's very weird weather because it's
really really hot right yeah it's really
funky it's really muggy but then at the
same time it's raining so I don't even
know I don't even know if you can if you
can actually dress which is wetter I
don't think it's possible yeah you need
some sort of an umbrella umbrella and
shorts no be the answer tonight is also
Dana we haven't had a date night and
actually some time in ages that's right
oh we went to that Kriner in LA yeah
yeah one time but tonight we're like we
just I would tonight's the night it's
happening we're gonna Valentina's I
getting that big pasta thing Monday
night that's a that's it you have to do
these days I see the excitement of
parent like the funnest part is making
this guy this is the camera crew and
they have to like run backwards so we're
trying to walk through it really fast to
make them run backwards really best I'm
like
Tico Tico Tico Tico don't lock it behind
you
we're having like coffee with our
friends this girl we met her we first
meet here at the same time and she first
moved here and she had a baby and then
we met up again exclusive lads boy
pregnancy reveal video this I'll be to
see this little girl in here she didn't
have a ticket to see meet you at the
book signing do you have twitter you a
quitter what's your Twitter I know
everybody yeah we knew it we know
everyone in our county no but it was
nicely we all just sat there we had
coffee and were just like chillin and
chat and it was like that is that is the
way to do meet ups you know individually
like in a coffee chain across much yeah
cuz we like just like having a laugh
like why is it a balloon hello there
little girl
hello little girl do you know that
you're my little girl did you know that
oh did you know that you're my big boy
feel he was my big boy you're my little
boy
here is your pen me I think I better
care of your friendly you take a better
pair of you beg me excuse me excuse me
do you have a penne penne pasta penne
pasta yeah can you pass whoa funk watch
out for this little thing here this
little teenager over here hey hey buddy
hey buddy hey buddy hey buddy
noisy don't bite my finger
don't bite my finger how am I your best
friend am I your best friend am i our
best friend
people need to know are you excited
about Italy when you excited to go to
Italy do you even care do you remember
it to me
remember Sorrento you are crawling that
no Washee I think you were crawling last
year when we had the Sorrento and you
got a Peppa Pig balloon remember big
balloon higher than that Sun and Moon no
wait a second that was the year before
sky
say daddy is my best friend mommy say
daddy is my hero say daddy is mean I try
to make you say I don't like daddy
I prefer mummy I'm top I love mommy
I'll see what I did there
I'm a trickster I love you right mommy
and daddy has to make sure it is the
love each other so we have to go out
without you has made a glorious meal a
glorious meal okay cuz if mommy and
daddy don't spend time you better get
stop loving each other don't know Esther
love me I love the smell of her hair I
love that smell of her hair it makes me
excited everywhere but I get a chance I
give it a sniff I won't be looking at me
I might
that was gonna rhyme in a bad way okay
you get up here and we're back here
again this time we don't have photo
range right I always got a fun though oh
no we never confronted am trying to
describe that man I know you don't see
that in like when you watch TV you don't
realize is what's actually going on you
know it's like I just take it I'm still
reminder that book that the entire
restaurant just so we can have a private
man know all the staff right side I was
like me great there's like nobody in
here it's cool it's rose Mantic I know
what this is like what I try something
different
I love to be past a lumpy thing with the
thing in it nothing I'm just gonna go
wine cuz they come open you the peer
pressure kicks in and you just ordered
the normal you know you're like oh maybe
this time I'll get something just uh
please I assume you want to see the food
and I got a crustacean again I got this
thing inside this is bacon wrapped with
pasta tied Natali's and lumps of
Meatballs it is glorious Valentina you
know vector on yourself buon appetito
and didn't we fill our little tummies
with pasta and porridge I'm not ready
shorter parts came up but like at the
meeting parts right now because I'm
about to head into London so maybe
that's where I came from
anyway I hope you enjoyed today's video
um stick around watch another one
tomorrow I don't know whatever you're up
to
you would know like in a comment in the
subscription and the favorite and I give
it no wink
get the screen and I'll wink there
anyway goodbye see you tomorrow
