good morning / a leg Aguila good morning
friend she's waking Erica up did Erica
say good morning
was he grumpy she was sleeping like a
silly-billy very much goodbye okapi
thanks for coming oh thank you see you
later kid hilarious we decided to have
breakfast out in the sunshine in the
garden today I can't actually see
anything at this angle but it's really
really nice out it's so hot we were so
lucky with the weather and Eduardo's
finished his breakfast and he is playing
in a sandpit Wow well done is that fun
oh oh oh up again good boy you want some
water for sandpit they're meant to be
short those pajamas but they look like
trousers what they look so long oh no I
get you some water for your sandpit come
on he's trying to figure out has a water
pot this could go horribly wrong okay
we're heading off to Brighton we're
gonna have lunch and stammer house
because Anna's mom and sister I've never
been to Brighton and then nobody in this
town my house is really nice but when we
got back seed way the Sun traps around
here in the morning that's what everyone
having breakfast there because it's
really nice but as the Sun moves it
comes into this section so later on it
might be nice to have some pool action I
just turn it on there try and heat it up
I don't want it to be I don't want to be
like too hot like 40 degrees up because
it's pretty sunny
we just check oh yeah
what looks good water looks good I'm
trying to sidle up to another crowing
and you need a couple hours after you do
decline himself to let it settle and
everything all right we added some
chlorine I think I need to up the pH
level what oh okay mixing best way to
mix it in
don't put your popcorn in there it's the
ph + the ph - now get rid of the stuff
on that floating around excuse me and
then as closer up closer up - later on
would you be nice and toasty toasty time
Myrtle you want a toasty time someday
when we build our house or buy a house
do something about having a house um I'm
gonna get one of these proper ones
fitted you know that's my dream let's
hope a lot of dreams I'm a dreamer being
a dreamer I've got me in trouble in
school a lot but I found if you hold on
to your dreams lads it's good you know
let's get to have aspirations and dreams
and hopes you know there's no point once
you want you know people say like when
you're a kid you should be dreamers and
then when you grow up you shouldn't
dream anymore
don't listen to that crap you should
chain forever should always aspire and
always have a goal and always Joey
something you know a man keeps you keeps
you young keeps you going
you know that's my yeah that's my
philosophy
I may be wrong hey there's a pretty good
chance I'm wrong I'm very good chance
but that's what I do
keeps me happy that's almost cake that's
always ke can we have some what are we
gonna do thank you on it I mean I would
it be blueberries what's the yellow ones
Oh lemons mean very tasty okay are you
finished dad
that's okay can I go I love you Oh
what's the pink one mmm frosting is it
strawberry
all right we're going in two cars again
I have y delicious here try not to put
the puppets all over the car please
neither gangs over here
we're heading to approach all right
we're here read stammer has to seriously
look at the dust situation I don't know
if you can see the man of dust just as
we came into the place it was like
kicking up everywhere it was crazy
anyway we're here right now I don't see
you so scary did we get here first
did we get here first are we are we are
weird
yeah Larry I think hot excitement mounts
of just arrived
huh Oh jakey it's come on let's scared
of London hide behind the van here it's
hide behind his van
we can see if we can give Zoe fright
really okay sketch
is him
get down
sneak up to rate over quiet stay quiet
really hearty okay oh okay sketchy get
down get down
okay you ready really now wait we have
to wait okay
how come you see did you guys stay cool
yeah we're not gonna stay cool they
might be on to us
you think they have Nala with them yeah
I think Nala
yeah yeah all night the indenter taking
so long
makeup makeup makeup ready ready ready
ready surprise
Oh Eric the first time meeting Nala Nala
the crazy she's so crazy she needs to
leave that's a dangerous she is yeah
I mean that you say hi I thought the
pig's ear you can get her boom oh nice
maybe a leg just got my water bottle
Oh cute this kid it's like a giant you
never get one together Chris yeah oh
yeah I have a little thing on it does it
make the noise oh I can have that she's
like moving a little bit a little bit
drink it
tomorrow with your best friend check out
how cool the kids are in the champagne
thing chilling there drinks these fancy
kids
you did get cider what himself yeah
Alfie yeah ah good man now see claims
he's claimed that's it I'll see it the
be catcher rosy kitchen there yeah yeah
that's be catcher this know what that
studies they know good though that is
good alright
set the be free having watched problems
be seriously Amelia why is our camera
all like glowy and filtered look at it
it's taking the a she's movies of this
oh don't you two guys is it is it call
putting the greasy fingers on the lens
effect
Oh see we can break it until even break
it
bender more what is that yeah what is
that it's got legs is it a spider rider
is it a spider Wow yeah look at our wasp
collection that we've a saves up here
okay there's one inside this glass here
as well okay I think we need to fix this
lens do you want me to put that on my
one I can do that
a table full of eating masses everyone
got a mess and then I asked for Amelia
and Eduardo to split one of these but
then the chef Jews and gave him one each
anyway bonus time can you get it can you
get it and I just on try one more time
try one more time - right here get it
with your tongue cutie spoon no no no no
ah look at this carry on here lads we've
got a triple we did the triple
I don't know wonder what is the Guinness
Book record for a man of wasps pull in a
cot in stammer house on a Sunday can we
beat that I think we did it
he's down the house into this time not
disabled using Eton Mess in 2015 boom I
think we got it I think we officially
deserve an award for that
that is cool though and you got a
neighbor over here they're gonna beat
armpit the neighbor in with them no no I
think you should you know no we must get
free in there we need to reunite the
family we do we do all right ready
that's angry walk
no no come on get down oh okay now there
is a little pool
I got a pool in the house there's four
in there oh we've just broke our own
Guinness Book record yo and Zoe wasn't
part of that one no everybody you know
record you know we beat your record yeah
oh come on i-5 what do you think can you
do five he look either crazy this one's
pretty crazy um there's one chasing Zoe
I think so all right oh are you going
are you going hmm
this is a bleak entire come out before
we drive home operation
you gonna claim up there you can claim
him there huh he's claiming are not let
me go no allure no Aayla now wash aside
you like about samurais new tonight she
just chill on the kids like wanting
around a bit
hmm big step picks up how long have you
got feet like dad cuz I'm like walking
hey are you a snow poke is not a slow
poke
he's wired Oh a slow poke
hi my gosh this place is gonna be good
hey come on come on you walking Nala
I like your gold chain oh you look you
look like ba Baracus camera him from a
team or on AJ Ali G yo gotti cheering
rat taking it back there
Go Fish so normal people parked in
normal spots but Zoe parks in the forest
look yeah cuz I made them and then we
weren't gonna eat them all so I bought
some fear I know I know we got some ish
you never know you never know how to
actually consider eating them with that
I remembered I actually don't eat
cupcakes or cakes or icing or anything
look at doll you made what is it
cupcakes oh yeah what I think Ross yeah
did she bring them for us yeah so apart
beside her so she had them are you
joking no notices in the prank video or
anything
are you filming because I don't
everything okay see you at home squid i
point out of it yeah just wait up just
in case you get lost setting of it
listeners carry on you've made it worse
now jump in
Oh ready
Oh
Oh
we're doggies doggies our home we're
home any yeah someone puta giant tennis
ball
no no seems nice and clean she's
relatively Kimmy no mistakes
hello hey guys yeah and that's we have
come to the end of this video if you do
not watch it
eh we'll let you know I don't know what
I'm saying I don't actually watch Pretty
Little Liars PLL and I thought it was I
thought to actually find out who a was
like ages ago maybe not I don't know
I'm not down down with the cool kids
anyway Oh Jonathan is a oh I'm a butcher
glad I'm a there you go spoiler alert
tis I hope you enjoyed this video hope
it brought some happiness and their
fulfillment into your life and I will
see you guys tomorrow cuz sure it's only
a day away Judah likes in the favorites
in the comments and all that malarkey
good bye
