good morning Eduardo good morning I've
been expecting you
whoa hey don't throw biggie way Biggie's
back oh can you say can you say good
morning it right oh can you say good
morning can you say hello can you say
hello
oh good morning friends we are going to
nursery as we always do good morning
friends where we going where we going do
you remember
do you remember we're going oh my
goodness it's a moon that's cool can you
see it
yeah that's the moon
do you guys see that look it's like you
can see the moon it's so cool it makes
you pointed out and just like what is
that what are you sad daddy I mean I
have some interesting news so you know
the planet we live on
it's not the only one there are many
planets in our solar system there are
many solar systems in our universe there
are many universes in our galaxy there
are many galaxies in her whatever
Orion's belt and so on and so forth and
more than likely in your generation of
your lifetime you will probably meet
aliens I hope in my generation of my
lifetime I mean aliens I'll be kinda
close huh you gotta be nice to them okay
will you be nice to aliens yeah good god
what eduardo will be scared
Eduardo might be scared of the aliens
but you you have to be strong and you
have to be nice to the aliens because
you know what to the aliens
you're an alien you are somebody else
you are huh oh boy alright inside but
for now for now all we need to worry
about is going to nursery that's our
only concern in this world getting
ourselves to the nursery okay the moon
will still be there the moon will still
be there okay hop in screaming shoot off
in there hey there's a question for
today fill the comments with your ass
I'm talking to my friends not you but uh
what do you guys take do you think there
is a young girl's life on other planets
and do you think you will ever meet
other life in other planets
you know I need to be pretty killed a
lot of cool stuff happening out there in
our inner solar system at the moment
with NASA and the International Space
Station and what did you stated Jupiter
epic you know it'll be interesting to
see okapi but you want to get in your
seat by any chance close the door for
you have to get into your seat are you
driving oh are you gonna drive us there
okay okay
drive on what drive on is that here you
drive is that what we do get in the back
get in the back
we're walked into nursery hey look at
our shadows look at our shadows can you
wave your shadow
hello a shadow was it too far yeah big
truck
all right come here Denis is he waving
to you would you wave back time for a
sesh time for a session
Rudy today I was talking to you guys
that's where I put the camera I actually
put it in a little corner here I was
looking for someone to put it cuz
everywhere solo in here you know haha
the film crew coming cuz we're doing
this show on ITV and like I think it's
not like about a week or twos time
they're coming up Friday then they're
coming again on Monday
I'm frantically they're gonna come with
us to summer in the city by the onion
ergo I think because the show is
actually going going on TV and like a
week's time it's like my quick schedule
so I don't need no Ariel to come but and
you guys coming to our meetup I think
the ballots have come through now if you
guys are coming
the city on Saturday okay at six o'clock
on Saturday YouTube are doing something
pretty cool for us on the main stage in
somewhere in the city after our Meetup
so if you come to our meetup I think
it's a three o'clock on Saturday I'm not
sure what row thing or anything like I'm
sure you know cuz you probably have
tickets word but after that stick around
for six o'clock I think they're doing
some presentation it's gonna be cool
it's gonna be cool and emails me I was
like yo yo please what's this no no I
don't want to eat that drop in sister
into town I learned to collect Emilia or
I'm going into town and they're
collecting Emilia I'm not really sure
someone's collecting me in the end
someone's going to town that will be
funny what I heard
oh man ever Erica were coming to cut the
grass come on get to a lucasta culture
oh no Erica erica fit more than em yeah
it'll be fun fun going in your puffs are
you sitting there once it in there you
go
oh maybe take me you fit in you know one
you don't ones Amelia's one that's
Eduardo's one just turn it out here it's
dry it's not raining
yeah I love that clean on this car is
well going home run to the game one
dedication run to the game when we carry
you to the car
okay did you have a fun day in nursery
did you slide down balancers did you do
you like daddy's car we fast she's
encouraging lads she's encouraging I
think it's good em this car has such a
high torque value that you know when um
when you go on a rollercoaster you get
that in your pity or stomach feeling
when this car does that quite well like
what I think actually enjoys that like
you know a feeling of good look listen
oh wait let's open the valves take a
photo they lay like that
yeah oh yeah I'd look like I should
record I wonder someone who need the
camera we could try and record her
actually at her reaction to that okay
you ready
this is the best this is the best I can
do of somewhere to put the camera
that's fine we're home
I mean that has just learned but OMA has
gone into town
nope that's still not working this way
this way come on hey protestor I need to
cut back rice let's look at this
seriously
it's gone it's got a bit jungly what are
you doing come on
okay flight is actually like fluent when
you're naughty plants naughty guy TV
people are here pretty petty alright
that go top and you know did you pick
that up in in LA alright yeah I know
it's cool is that
yeah yeah definitely
across the charger that was not ideal
but you you should turn about his hair
to use that in yeah this will help you
and you create a passive happy fun
yeah yeah that's what I think we're
gonna join is that I somehow got my
stealth leaders
raishin where I am creating something
that I'm helping meet all the needs that
are I won't really get disconnected
emotionally to my friends to my family I
would look for something I had my show
existed I would have probably claim to
it I would probably identify and put
myself into it and had that as a place
to go but didn't exist and then maybe
something I've created something that
does exist for people we can have a look
come on then yeah that's good I have got
a camera to video yet yeah it is stuck
should I say good morning to Daddy your
mummy and all of their friends yeah okay
let's go are you taking your keys with
you okay I'm really nice to take your
keys winner so we're doing this at intro
shot where I think we're all gonna
commit fornication are you bringing your
car hey why no all right film crew is
gone we're gonna go where are we going
we're going to collect oh my oh my oh my
and Erica are in town beside of me
oh my can sit next to Daddy
it'll be amazing look who it is
I told you to bring a ball home that's
cool
we get a bit of shopping oh geez
dinner's ready once again what have you
made for us
mmm that looks tasty what is it meat oh
yeah looks good no it's a sweet and sour
mm-hmm chicken with broccoli right and
veggie sweet corn yeah
did you what did you put the chili and
you're on this place oh no do not take
it out oh no oh what's that oh okay
that's hot no it's not no if I see it
I'll take it out okay there is a chilly
in here it's hot we've been caught by
the chili a few times
oh no what if it's broken up or maybe
it's not I know I didn't see it though
chili game and why do I got it won
anyway look at look what this was
demolished yesterday well I think you've
all got at once apart from Amelia Amelia
has never got it going on here take that
child away take the child away
hey hey ma did you see mommy at my
pistachio nuts let me eat my pistachio
nuts a treat my procession it's me yeah
what save my friends oh thanks for
watching see you tomorrow
good night farewell auf wiedersehen
goodbye hi I'd like to stay and read my
first shampoo
what you got the nuts yeah you got the
nuts that you still not daddy
Jim guardo made his way downstairs how
far did he get did he get past the gate
did the Nerds Oh way it's frozen on
inside good night Wyatt out bye daddy
get back to nudes
I have no idea who that is in that end
slate
I'm assuming it's possibly a band of
some sort three guys and three girls
he's too even abandoned you guys and
three girls I have absolutely no idea
anyway thanks for watching today's video
turns out the film crew are going to
come to summer in the city so if you
covered some of the city you might be oh
geez how cool is that
well should make a good little show that
was quite a good interview and and stuff
Rover doin anyway thanks for watching
today's video again thank you very much
thank you for hitting the like button
cuz I know I know you've hit the like
but right
you've hit the like it's okay if you
wanna hear it now we'll give you a
moment you made the right decision
good choice now you may file an open a
comment mm-hmm Oh what you're new here
Oh hit the subscribe button yes
seriously cool it's cool it does Previn
see what happens
oh that's good bye see you tomorrow
