learning friends he'll let go and I
don't leave behind his voice I'm not the
official bianca voice person huh just
mean the doggies
steena yellow it's gonna get me crazy
now gotta get her crazy nurse don't get
up competitive you got a what you
wearing a princess dress today
oh sorry it froze and dress me see you
wearing that today is that so you can
show oh my you're a princess yeah did
you tell your friends almost coming and
Erica and you're gonna be a princess is
that kiss put your little brother
good morning weirdo morning right now
does anybody know where princess amelia
is Eduardo where's princess Amelia miss
princess Amelia there you are hello
careful of the lights these are deep the
old standard light so here's the softbox
right so good for like beauty videos and
stuff but I'm just making sure you were
here
it seems to be going well so we're gonna
take it up to the next level okay guys
okay okay so we invested Aziza these bad
boys we got for them they're pretty good
studio lights unfortunately I don't have
the the actual bulbs for them so we're
gonna shoot with these today and then we
got a new lens for the camera as well
nice and tasty so Amelia's main Burton
resin rice and are you thinking like but
there was 20 boxes you showed yesterday
it was like lighting as well but at her
million present comes this morning but I
don't standard she read some reviews and
apparently it comes not in a box right
it's only bucks yeah let's go now this
is gonna go in about an hour so we can't
let her see it because if she sees it
like that's it job's done
yeah yeah just make sure that the person
isn't there that was its heart height
it's big it's big said okay that would
be exciting
all the baking stuff I set out this is a
normal breakfast situation here I see
you nor me do look secure
did you guys don't know like this baking
series we're doing it goes out every
Sunday
okay so I'll leave a link down below to
like the channel it's on mums eye view
so what are we doing today far as gotcha
we're not complicated but it's like it's
got three layers but my mom's coming
so I actually going to end up looking
pretty good I'm gonna be like oh I just
I just whip this out yeah what I think
as well as I leave cards in the video
this new thing up here you'll see the
little I button and then you'll see if
it'll pop out and you guys can click on
the links if you guys want to watch them
because yeah how many of you done you
don't - so far we've done three in a row
yeah yeah I did the Wimbledon cupcakes
mentality that was part of Friday series
yeah this is Sunday - yes thank you
so tombs of life isn't deterred one a
giant Java doctor and giant monster
Charlie's with you're like my specific
aches a new media steals the show
she said arias yeah in the last window
the media was on her own which she like
did it all properly it was amazing
wasn't it you're actually gonna wear
that dinner anyway the example of
totally check it out and subscribe to
moms eye view every Sunday videos goes
up 10:00 a.m. right 10:00 a.m. Greenwich
Mean Time no I'm gonna say no morning a
teammate's like that new morning say
good morning but it's pretty cool so
look out for that one why are we
goodness look at this the whole family's
bacon okay you say not Forest gateau
good girl be good all right we're back
here we get in the car unwrapped now any
lesson I was like how do you make this
look like this is the pause just push it
down yeah yeah yeah or to Bentley but
looking look what I'm saying right this
is the problem with these knees look how
low down the ground that thing is you
couldn't even fit in there
yes that's like yoga wanna be yoga
expert to do that every day
but it's also this car over here I think
it's crazy how much she has a million
pound car yeah million I'm talking long
for a lesson
oh my goodness crazy
is it take apart right it's gotta use
jet things on it I don't know if we fit
the kids in there yeah or maybe inside
inside the jesters are there you go
buddy put them in did it go home
I built my dream home support tonight
right so we're halfway through or like
three-quarters of the way through
I finished baking they came out really
well actually I was really happy with
them because compared to my jammie
Dodger
he's actually look amazing oh this is
hot and I just have to do the decoration
so princess Elsa are sorry Queen Elsa is
having her lunch and oh there's a wasp
oh yeah he's probably I don't know he's
coming in or is he going back it I don't
know anyway they're having their lunch
Amelia's PR es en T arrived and we had
to like smuggle it down to the basement
while she wasn't looking while she was
distracted by frozen because it did come
very obviously like in its box
there was no packaging or anything like
her in the box so cuz Johnson was like
no it's gonna be like a brand paper box
I was like no I read all the reviews
they were like this present was almost
ruined by like the way it came so we're
just kind of waiting on OMA I couldn't
collect her because I had to film this
video and I wanted to get as much done
as possible before she came so she's
being collected right now I think
hopefully and they're really excited to
see her and then we're gonna have like a
good
to give her which is kind of cool are
you excited to see oma Anna and Eduardo
can say my name and immediate Earth the
media seen us having some kind of a
military seriously a new effort this is
the old air filter I was in it by only
month I've just got rid of a load of
crack off of it as well it was really it
was really yeah tons of leaves it with
it picked up everything on the leaves in
a garden Road and then this is the new
one this is the new one it comes pre oil
yeah it looks like a pre old far less
restrictive so it just helps with
basically an engine it's all about and
doing something like this is obviously
less extreme yeah you're not gonna see a
million horsepower from it ah but Rock
is throttle response that's what it's
gonna be
draw in the area Matt just love unit one
we'll find out later all right now down
to the complicated bit here basically
doing things with connections magical
things they can your magical
ready for the magic come on the magic
it's also some crowding of this portion
there here hi you look nice
I cannot leave you did not know what she
picked that dress especially for you for
your visit look at Ward oh just look at
him are you happy that Oma's here yeah
melee and white or watching a movie and
building farms and you see here so
minute ah do not open the door
it's alive
thank you so much bye-bye
oh I have to go this way I won't forget
to let you at this time sorry about that
bye so we've left dad shooting and we're
here
tuning art mundo shooting pregnant kid
well we'll pretend to be stabilized wait
I know that it was fun because car tuned
up a little drive over here we're just
gonna grab a quick menos now you can be
back yeah that's the back left side the
back knit side for me my dearest can we
see you and I'm home I have returned and
it still being sunny and just in time I
think the kids are gonna get up I think
yeah and his mom and sister I'm here
right now that was a fun day she died
check out hometown super cars of London
because he did a vlog obviously of the
same day if you guys want to check out
his point of view of our ahah fun day at
the cars there's a donkey friend there's
a doggie friend there's a doggie friend
friends did you did you come and see
them yeah did you cut this in there poor
dad no peeling you have a pee in there
pull up that was about here because
she's too rude she stayed in New York do
you think they'd go home would you like
more Erica or OMA Oh burn there you go
you go oh she know he never ever says a
response like that's why it was soon
it's okay which are they what you seen
your American immigrant girl is American
Wow the brown girl is Irish tall and her
hair oh yeah yours she's just saying you
know I'm just gonna ignore that coming
up or whatever you want whenever you
want what is coming what's in their
horse's name oh I mean II the baby for
you oh my goodness look what I did I
just wasn't paying attention I'll put
the capsule in and I just turned the
machine on the left
I never I guess I never put a cup this
is gonna be stinky
that's full of water - is it his name
was Eddie he likes forget what's that
from Sesame Street or something
like it is little kiddos huh you like
spaghetti Eddie yeah no what about you
who are no why are we gonna sleep my
friends leaving all right don't forget
check out the baking video I will leave
black I'm glad every time I have to
mention this I have to stick ad in the
title so don't make me do it again
that's why I didn't tell in this video
it was for this cake essentially you can
buy this cake there you can't but you
can make it yourself if you head on over
to mums iView channel every Sunday and
watch Anna bake it and actually this is
the first one in the entire series
actually worked out well not it kind of
worked out but they're a bit disastrous
this is like the best one yet so are my
friends my breads now what do you need
to do that's correct
you need to go and watch the baking few
well today is Friday it's up on Sunday
but if you haven't seen last Sunday's
video or the Sunday before this video
cuz I know everyone's always saying that
they really enjoy I think I really cute
the baking videos but Anna and the kids
and sometimes I'm in them you know and
it's just a really fun and it Sam it's
hard to find a time to put them up but
then this baking series that we're doing
it's really cool because it allows us to
make those videos and put them up on
their mom's I do channel every Sunday 10
a.m. or whatever time you want to watch
them at but yeah I'll leave a link down
below check it's the out and Z and I see
you later likes comments subscriptions
and all that Malarkey's and I'll see you
tomorrow good bye
