good morning friends I have a meal in
Eduardo here they're very tired
oh just woken up the lady broke
Cinderella's dress yeah take it oh oh oh
it made nice yeah yeah I'd midnight she
lost all our powers but then she also
lost a shoe she wife dancing with the
prince
oh you have why does your prince you are
Cinderella the bear ladies I'm the fat
lady how come the bad lady
so myself and I are heading into Milan
in town I've got some meetings and some
stuff to do in there I mean edoardo
Emilia is going to nursery today because
he's now increased the frequency of her
nursery visits getting ready for
preschool preschool starting quite soon
so we wanted to kind of increase her
days to get her used to the idea that
school is more schools a couple of times
a week so that's exciting that exciting
hmm okay squishy standard situation
there you gonna nurse me today again
again like a big girl hmm
why does not what do you say Rapunzel
now you're telling me all the Disney
stories are you a Disney princess Disney
Princess oh boy come on you go be a good
girl
like I always want to be don't conceal
don't feel don't let them know eat your
breakfast then go
he's my thing up your new district read
it wild oh it's called more fruit it's
open but there's never enough fresh Oh
got very very cloudy in the steam room
oh and it doesn't have fridge I mean so
everyone knows that blue it's organic
freshly made it is I went through the
fields this morning I sold the Bharti
it's not sugar and spice and all things
nice we're all going to nursery yep hey
doggies inside our pool what the Rose
what
oh the basketball - oh I'll be I'll be
inside inside
I just dropped Amelia just Coolio's
SchoolI okuni Oh tonight I'll put the
chair back then hmm
this is why I always had to do it anyway
it started yet for London for meetings
I'm driving into London today because
there's a strike
later on I think it starts at 6 o'clock
we should be added up before then but I
figure everyone's gonna leave work today
everyone's gonna take a half day today
so they don't get caught in the strike
but then it's gonna be mental so I might
be the only guy in the drove for the
duration for the trains I don't know I
just I just do not want to get stuck in
London with no taxis no buses no trains
no nothing I don't want to be that guy
do you wanna be that guy no we're back
in LA
no it looks a lot different guys oh oh
yeah yeah la is like very flat I feel
like and like white you know like the
streets are really really white whereas
it London everything is like Monica
Byron all right Byron Byron Berger
I'll look boxpark that's what all the
cool kids go I think it's a vegetarian
thing but you know those little like
they're like veggie burger things it's a
burner I don't know what they're made
out of but they're like vegetarian and
remember if anyone I'm sure all of you
know there's like and I mean a million
comments but it's cheap
I don't know but they're like vegetarian
like little meats like a spiced butter
good still make spice fighters around Oh
Scooby's got baggage chips on a spice
burger it was like a deal like a pound a
point that's were pros were pros now we
paid for our parking sitting here on the
phone I got a spot right outside the
door where we're actually going and I
would have given up it was pretty epic
wasn't it I wish more people had come
and seen my a massive sparked one
movement one movement lads huh one
movement just one move we first moved
here the first time we came here there
was a building there
yeah there's no building there now don't
assume I had all the graffiti all over
it yeah no no no was another building
behind the wall with everything there he
said they're building a hotel or
something oh but that worked had
surprisingly really well right oh this
guy he's I'm cornering so unless you
guys know Francesca's she's part of our
management team she kinda
but I feel like I'm such a jokester
winner all the time and I'm gonna text
her now and be like oh we're leaving now
don't believe me it's like are you
messing right oh my god it's like
everybody's here for Jessica why am I
not there what's going on here
I'm not important enough I never
realized tiny was so small no no Casper
is actually so tall someday someday I'll
have a cardboard cutout of myself that's
how I know I'll have made it I will yeah
that's my dream that's my dream
you should guys send Francesca cadets of
me okay and if you go here ready steady
we're even
I finished all our meetings and stuff we
went and got some pret trilingual
dreaming of them all at the cups
actually my track
fine if we look at us like Londoners we
hangs and crash you like a business
Londoner by Sal except this kind of half
raining today it's weird it's like it's
not proper rating it's just dripping
strangely is this what it's like here
change drippings
yeah it's like we either commit to rain
or stop this nonsense
businesses ruined our three street
credibility we didn't realize he has a
pickup port so we were given Forks he
lost it we were talking we were working
people we're not cool
Casper came into office and he forces
all to wear hats his head he spelled his
name wrong but these are never gonna be
a thing we just got the made for fun so
you one of only five people in the whole
world I don't even get one with our
funding there's a cheap strike in London
that's what it is about but it's not
about it's not three do but everyone
else is probably thinking of leaving as
well
oh hello dougie hello Bianca Navy hi
Yankee Navy
djenka Navy what do you want
that is not Nutella but I'll tell you
what come here we have some special
Nutella here what does that say honors
no what does that say there it says your
name very good show it why do we have to
share that way to meet it all careful
please don't drop us yeah I'm the dough
we open it mm-hmm
that sounds good that's your one mommy
and daddy can't have that one that one's
just for Amelia and we look at the top
and it's a different kind of it's German
wouldn't talk in Shilla Kong in Chula
Gong up on Achtung Achtung the kinder is
crazy all right hold on I gotta wipe
your hands throw up your hands then you
can get some okay all right that's what
we're talking about that's the gang
about the heaters winces
and to be one with the chocolate oh
alright are you ready you ready
look at him why do you want to get up
there
No let's go put wydo in a seat oh oh
choco time chucko chucko chucko time
it's Chuck go time it's Chuck go time
would you like some choco time four
times Amelia is it choco time what time
is it
did you like the chocolate did you like
the chocolate no monkeys Aquaman look at
the Theriot say bye friends boyfriends
conversely say bye friends right bye bye
bye bye see you tomorrow
you're a munchkin munching I'm not a
hundred percent sure but I think my
children like chocolate they're so funny
I think they could bathe in chocolate
etherium oh my goodness little Easter
comes a little Christmas comes rank as a
tiramisu chickens these days that this
is whenever we have fajitas they know
that after you get the heaters we always
save to it until the end and then we'll
just lather them in Nutella you kind of
like pancakes cuz if the heaters are
kinda like pancakes are they kinda maybe
huh I don't know they are four million
right out anyway thanks for today's
video hope you enjoyed the experience
give it know like and a comment and a
subscription and whatever else you do
these days and I'll see you guys
tomorrow and we'll do it all over again
good to be amazing
amazing goodbye
