good morning your friends I need a pupil
what boys well that's the best start to
the logs ever a usual near poo poo now
okay let's go get it right oh let's go
with you Dwyer do up big good morning
while oh you didn't say hi to our dough
hey wait oh hello gran wardo to race the
car that Jaguar oh hello John wardo did
you do a big blue as well when when you
can run off and they scan coal and
that's a lot on it
yeah just that glow in the dark wow
that's really cool can you turn it off
so I can get gays but that only works at
nighttime we can't turn the light off
now we can only turn the light off at
nighttime but we'll do it tonight okay
I'll show you sort of my stars in this
room the glow the dark do you one
started normal upon the dark Cheerios
cheery good
lots of cheery Cheerios Cheerios
what that's the way the Sun goes in my
head wasn't gonna like God don't cheer
coin cheery rice and wheat interesting a
video so good for you to you so good to
be pretty like I don't know I make this
lecture me house Cheerios
everybody likes Cheerios Cheerios
boom cheerio let's do a dubstep remix of
Cheerios
oh mama oh you brought me a thank you oh
good is that a pink egg box or is that
just oh my god
no way thank you that is so cool
okay oh look at this egg how cute what
did she say yeah she said that yolks are
massive how cool is that like I was
actually paying extra like in the shop
yeah like you know free-range organic
eggs and this is like the real deal
hi did you have fun you didn't have fun
you were sleepy oh no I made some
friends in castle you met some friends
in the cafe oh that was nice
some girls did you have a cup of coffee
what did you have I think have a bus
walk out you had a birthday cake whoa
with some friends in a cafe did you
bring me home and you good birthday cake
I would have liked some birthday cake I
can come too oh thank you
I have to have a nap first I might be
grumpy well eh I wouldn't be grumpy
what did wider have fun in the cafe Yeah
right
what shake is that what I said did you
let him come into the cafe no that was
nice of you did he did water get some
birthday cake oh no what oh yeah right
gonna I want to talk to you guys about
something so excited right though ah
couple of weeks ago um I brought you
guys along my journey cuz I was trying
to figure out what foods I was allergic
to because I was having like he's sort
of issues with certain types of food
that I was eating you know and I thought
like oh maybe it's like dairy stuff so I
would like try and minimize on a dairy I
was eating and then I'll still have the
effect so I thought maybe it's a gluten
intolerance so no my my first lesson is
celiac my and
Nancy Dec so there's a just history in
my family of Celia so I was like it's
gotta be celiac we limited the blue food
flour like I went hardcore uh still
having the effect I went to the doctors
we shared with some blood tests we took
some blood um the blood went off to the
UM the blood analyst labs and then the
results came back and it turned out
nothing no intolerance or allergy to
anything
I was like what face it's me have you
ever felt depressed and that's when I
kind of it made me realize that I was
like well when I was a kid you know and
I I was diagnosed with like major
depression like we're talking hardcore
you know I was taking at school I like
 down
I no longer engaged my family I no
longer engage with people in school
pretty sure can
and I lived I created in sort of a
fantasy world and in my mind and I lived
inside that fantasy world and I had
imaginary friends and I just I kind of
gave up a little bit on life and I went
off to a place that dealt with kids with
emotional difficulties but I had no
education abilities I had a good IQ good
results and everything I just
emotionally I was disengaged with the
world I suffer depression that is its
it's a it's a battle that I have to
fight daily you know and he was like
maybe is getting the better of you
sometimes because this effect that
you're having could be caused by anxiety
stress I had depression you know all
these things combined and suddenly I was
like no oh my goodness like that's what
it was and then I went away with the
information I had and I was like two
weeks ago three weeks ago now I think
maybe three weeks ago and since that day
I have had zero effect I have been
eating dairy
I've been eating gluten I've been in
everything everything I can't eat I've
been eating every that's why I'm working
out right now
I'm on meeting too much food that was it
you know that was crazy your mind is so
powerful you know what I really thought
I had a handle on my depression or we
thought I had a handle on my anxiety and
all this thing does those dark
passengers that baggage I carry am I
really thought I had a handle on but
tonight didn't and I was like I said
incredible isn't it but I feel better
now that I know and I thought I would
share this with you you know um so maybe
there's something final some people are
gonna say crap you know but like I just
I wanted to just in case there's
somebody out there he's going through
the same thing and I'm feeling the same
way I did and it's trying to find an
answer about something I thought maybe I
could tell you guys my story and share
my story with you and maybe it can help
you see today I felt I felt like coming
on and I was like on and I was like on
wait what's going on what's going on
today and I thought about what I was
stressing around I thought about my side
and I thought about the things that were
making me feel that way and I was able
to manage it you know and I was able to
manage it and I just passed away and I
went away and also I was amazing you
know so I just wanted to share just in
case anyway I'll probably blob a long
way too long you probably skip this part
right up to this trip was good
hey you'll never see me let the storm
hit here and a nice on which one that's
right the window is open so's that door
you can go well done
shadow Beltran my girl gave me he'll cry
my girl okay I don't know say I wanna
stuff some chocolate mmm
she kind of has some of the words like
every music
I want nothing's in my way I think
that's like completely wrong we reg yeah
that's right get them no bacon
I need that like else is IL seok but
don't let them in don't let them see me
you always had to be my fantasy yeah so
we're making dinner and Eduardo's
helping hi that is so helpful I just
used one of the Nando's Perry Perry rubs
and this is the garlic one and I just
put it on some chicken and then I've got
some veggies this is a grilled veggie
mix and they're frozen veggies so last
time I did this they kind of shriveled
up to like that much so I just kind of
went all out with the veggie at this
time oh can you not put on your apron
and then I'm going to do sweet potatoes
as well these sweet potato chips because
they're really yummy so we're going to
have kind of like Nando's homemade
Nando's this evening is on our menu I
didn't get signed me get this back in
action what do you reckon oh man because
I don't know do I need to replace all
the water because I was I was doing the
coin the pa-ching and the filters and
everything but we had it's been three
weeks about two weeks or something since
he turned it on ah ha ha go around doors
open go to the other door the other door
other door she thought I was doing
something without her she's like my
official little helper
looks fine right look how clear it is it
smells good too
oh it smells like Yuri nice honestly I
was concerned yeah I'm not I won't do
anything without you yeah an apple fell
here Wow look at the pool it's actually
all right Amelia when I heat it up yeah
that might be fun this is the clue pool
cleaning Department got my filters oh
he's a bit of a pool here like this fizz
waters for and his mom cuz we don't
drink it but and his mom likes sparkling
water
so we're stocking up in the sparkles
there's a question for you guys you guys
like normal water hi would you like
sparkling water leave comments below
because I do not like sparkling water
but I do like seven oak which is kind of
like sparkling water but I don't like
sparkling water I like my water to be
watery normal watery
a beast I hope there's no beast in there
there's a beast in the pool I am found
oh you're all your Belle and the Beast
is in the pool are you - Beauty oh sorry
so dinner went down a treat kids are
going mad what are you doing tied
yourself up hold on to that oh no how
fast is it okay I'll try and hold on to
it where's your car
all buttoned over their journey to hold
on dad
okay oh oh oh hide this okay why are we
tying it up by the way
Rahmi cap very careful oh whoa ah on the
road
don't run white Oh easy very careful
white oh you need to be very careful why
no why does run in the media what's
wrong Oh tell me Oh tell me you're sure
this Chuck did it get focused oh hey
have I got stickers on me hey who put
those stickers there no you what a good
word oh okay we're gonna say bye friends
thanks for watching the video
yes I'm going to video demo let's go
let's go see why knows and say why no
say goodbye okay Y dou Y dou Y dou Y dou
Y dou Y dou I know right oh my god
have no fear the end slate is still here
you do not have to drink that beer cuz
the end Lee is still here it's still
here lads it's still here due to
protests actually said on Twitter I was
like when I keep the intro in slate
never when mentals mental isms so I was
like okay I shall keep it and I hope you
enjoyed today's video I'll be like the
Pretty Little Liars the corny towards
you
I'm making in Slate hit me up on Twitter
someday in the distant future I will
create a better way of because I miss so
many of these ends lights if I'm not on
the twits but I yeah send it to me and
you can have your ends light right here
and you I hope you enjoyed today's video
if you're still here
give it know like give it no comment and
the subscription and I'll see you guys
tomorrow anyway I'm heading into London
right now at Anna so we must rush
