laughing I'm glad you're wearing a dress
a mint dress case you guys super say
that was Green it's kind of raining
which is a bit disappointing because
it's supposed to point nine degrees
today I am I am half in half I have this
shorts on because it's supposed to be
hot what am I am i California buddy I
actually bought this in the hotel that
we are in and we're saying in Central
City that I bring the car keys you want
to go in this big car um you see in
order to get that out I gotta move this
car out over there and in this car just
to get this car so I'll tell you what I
should take this one for convenience
what what was happening my ganking see
listen did you have dancing feet yeah oh
my goodness
dancing and talking make your bag I
can't get it if mm-hmm through the
drains truck we're walking to school and
we're not gonna drool cuz school rules
you don't like walking every day which
days do you like walking a big one your
house white you want to put some on your
lips Oh up again oh it's not the end of
the world
you want someone your lips
Eduardo came up the service with this
miss Bob's always lip and now I think he
knows what it's for
you want someone your leg all right here
ready ready oh it's very pink
I didn't realize how pink it was here
you go there you go
close that tight because that is quite
pink actually mm-hmm thank you do not
want it kiss you miss you kiss you Missy
okay what are you gonna do now what's
the plan hon that to me I'm working out
with Lucy now and it's been since
Thursday I'm so scared I'm back with
Lucy we're working out today and I just
admitted to her that I didn't feel that
sore afterwards and they I feel like
she's gonna work me a lot harder yeah
well I I shouldn't have said anything I
should have just left it but I did feel
like it was a hard workout like after we
did it I was floored but it's just the
next day I wasn't like super sore yeah I
know it's funny sometimes it can go like
that
yeah today I'm gonna change like hello
world oh where are you going
nothing cest are you going you're
escaping
did you just put uh hello are you go
what are you doing here yeah we gotta
clean the car mister because of all your
mountains of food products hey you're
leaving in the car look at this you want
to go on an adventure huh I don't think
I brought the keys at me yeah I forgot
the keys on mine is it open
no sorry we just wait'll I get the keys
and then we can jump in how about that
like look at this look at this carry on
look at his little seat as well like
he's so funny
everyone's got popcorn headers hey this
one this phone already does am those
great boxes we give them to the kids and
we travel they eat them all stuff goes
everywhere so funny cars clean ha
Eduardo did not help and he's not
beating me but guess what guys we got
our first Visa card we got our first
Visa card huh I waited 25 years to get a
Visa card like a credit card we have
Visa debit cards because we're in
America there was a lot of problems with
Visa Debit the the hotels and car rental
places one hit visa cards like these are
credit cards so I was like oh so now we
have those like when we got home was
like I should order them when we're
traveling it's much hand you're having
credit cards for like hotels and car
rentals and stuff like that you know
what I prefer Visa Debit cuz it's like
if you don't have it you can't have it
it's not like oh I could have it I like
it
maybe habit you know it's safer that way
it's safer forward Oh hmm is it safer
for morning hey don't you go mad wardo
you've got Amazon later on
Thomas the Tank Engine I have nice to
like Chuck huh lifetime supply of
raisins yep you're good again just a
little bit again oh oh it's on a high
five high five high five high five yeah
oh I'm sorry you just broke your screen
or your iPad or your phone we are home
Amelia's struggling turn that off hi are
you asleep there for a second huh Amelia
did you make friends with a hamster
today was there little hamster and
nursery in a little ball what was his
name pop popcorn a hamster did you play
with popcorn hamster he was playdough
popcorn Hampshire bobble daddy played it
was what it was in one of those little
balls it always reminds you of malcolm
in the middle' when the little hamster
got lost until we followed it hamster
the row is mine here all right you want
to get at daddies either mommy side or
join us sleep here yeah okay you stay
you sleep here I'll go inside and tell
everybody you're staying here today and
you won't be you won't be joining us
take your bag and I'm going to school
I'm Amelia I'm gonna school guys I'm
gonna play with popcorn and all my
friends yeah I'm Amelia huh
still haven't fixed that door to this
drawer the formal entrance no this way
okay this way mrs. princess we have to
go in this tour that doors doesn't work
yet I know but that door doesn't open we
have to go in the other door yeah who's
that your doggie friends - yeah come up
let's go oh hi oh oh hi leaving what
there's water off there are you going
where are you off to
Dada mm-hmm
come on let's go inside it's a Oh No Oh
let's go hey hey I heard a rumor I have
a contestability a rumor you're having a
princess party he's coming to this
princess party yeah yeah yeah is it
duardo coming
who else is going
no back plot oh you want daddy to come
to your party where daddy dress up like
a king and you'll be my princess Wow I
want you to see your fat party over
laughs my best party over here where's
my best party bring me show me oh my god
- thank you so much this is the best
party I've ever had yeah
I am buying all this stuff for immediate
party it's that time of year again folks
it's the party time I'll be going to
have a party
did you like your birthday last year
yeah all right so today we've got some
beef some look and I was just saying how
I hate the smell of raw red meat like
just grossed me out like when I go to a
butcher I never do but if I ever go to a
butchers
I cannot stand like it actually makes me
feel so sick I remember once being at a
friend's house she had a house in the
country kind of like a summer house and
I stayed there for a while during the
summer and her mom would buy from the
local butchers and I went in and I had
to go out like cuz I thought I was gonna
be really rude and like you know like
want to get sick like I honestly could
not stomach the scent in there it was
absolutely disgusting I don't know how
people can work in there it just makes
me so sick but I don't know you've got
to get used to it um but yeah so I'm
making beef and thankfully it's already
cut up so I don't have to touch it and
then um some veggies and some stir FLAC
bean sauce and these things which are
organic green tea noodles and they're
actually nice and they don't taste like
green tea but they smell
maybe they do taste like that actually
I'm not sure they they smell like green
tea but on account when you taste the
green tea when they're cooked and we're
done this is what it looks like I ended
up pushing it all together because I
know that Wow yeah hi Strega I knew that
I would you wanna say I would be there
would be more of a chance of them eating
certain things such as vegetables if I
would you stop that is so dangerous stop
he's been doing this the whole time no
it's not it's dangerous you might get an
owie hot hot ouch ouch
ah anyway it looks like this looks
actually super yummy
Eduardo there once was a princess named
Amelia Amelia was the greatest princess
in all the land
then one day amelia was heading to the
baths and she accidentally had a huge
fall but it's okay because princess
amelia was being chased by a monster all
the way till she got to the magical
chair and the magical chair would grant
her one wish and Amelia said that one
wish was what's your wish
you get one wish what is it
what's your favorite thing in the whole
wide world
all right back what you wanna sing a
song all right doc with the fireplace
yes oh is that a piano yeah what's your
favorite thing in the whole wide world
oh I see what you're doing is this your
chair like an Alma's house you bring it
over to the piano would you like a piano
oh honey your feet fit in perfectly fine
okay play us a song da ba ba ba ba baby
daddy she's asking Pilon he didn't
return it during PMS this mag out do
jihad look war delicious Oh what was
that
me check what's this here now zoella
fresh frizz you don't show your fresh
phrase on the ground
okay media's gonna do a review of Zoe's
bath products where is it gun so what do
you think is it good
would you recommend it would you
recommend it to a friend
thank you position right here you put it
in here would you give it a thumbs up
out of five hold you hear it oh okay
cool before I do it out of five what
would you give us one two three four or
five fine
five out of five or one or five why oh
okay well it started off as a five and
then it kind of got that into a one Oh
No
save my friends save boyfriend's get
that it is just life is a roller coaster
just gotta fire it and it's the first
thing I thought of when it's it although
ones do you think of roller coaster I'm
kind of torn between red actually
peppers and boys on cuz you know roller
coaster of love and then roller coaster
or roar that was my ronan keating
impression right there in fact I
probably the same accident is running
Keating so I probably just could have
sang normal except don't sound like
Rodin Keating anyway thanks for watching
today's video
hope you enjoyed it hope it was a
rollercoaster see what I did there
anyway gives know like comment subscribe
all that kind of stuff quick question
know even in comments below I was
thinking what if we got rid of the ends
rates and we just ended the video how
many people actually watch the end
slates
that's my question question of the day
alright you later goodbye
