good morning friends of Rapunzel so we
are watching which one is this is this
Rapunzel Phillip boom no well I'll go
gee nowadays I've seen her a movie and
it's really sad and I feel sorry for her
so I feel like when you what's sitting
or is he see me no what puns Oh
yeah he's a now Rapunzel
yeah oh oh oh this is Steven B that's
Albee so this is levy meeting Amelia I
misled me anyway this is Sunday morning
getting your vlog and he's done I
actually added with my foot there
watching and then we're gonna go to the
playground he's very upset she it's
funny because she's not an age
membership she gets upset when she
watches like movies and supper Justin's
gonna be careful now she shouldn't say
anything that can like influence or but
yeah like she gets scared now the
grandmothers they're okay they're gonna
save everybody they're gonna save
everybody if not what what I'll be on
the case hmm what is your favorite
Disney movie it's kind of a hard
question to ask for weird helmet is
yesterday I was like I was like it
depends on it's like different times of
your life so as a kid Aladdin was like
the fast one cuz it was like the
funniest one who robbed my name's inner
oh and then as I got older I really
enjoyed wall-e
you know I was really cool on Toy Story
it's really good you know it changes a
lot as you get older but yeah what's
your favorite Disney movie Amenia
Princess Aurora it's Princess Aurora
princess you're always making me hot
baths
Oh princess aurora's Rapunzel I thought
Sleeping Beauty was Rapunzel unconfused
oh that's scary
it's an confused hallo wired oh so we
are heading to the park turn out to be
700 million degrees hotter than expected
today
broke out my old Sorento hat just
warming it up Princess Aurora
hey little weirdo are you copying your
sister City barking dog barking why are
you in my parking I'll give you a
parking you'll never forget I'm coming
to get you by the way you always have to
pee or you get in the car or a car
that's the rules lads huh
now you there do you have a permit hmm
you've a permit to park section seven oh
five huh wasn't even you was it who's
this fella in here you there do you have
the correct permit for barking hmm
do you no no there was an event our cat
a soul so she wouldn't submit someone in
there quite in let's go let's go who is
it who is it guilty party come here oh
yeah
hello Yankee Navy do you have a permit
come on Kermit Kermit relate the premise
you got a flower for me come on Marta
thank you
oh it's very nice okay come on inside
let's go for a quick pee pee before we
go yeah yeah big make time for teddy
bears
they're wonderful teddy bears are having
a wonderful time at six o'clock on
Saturday two folks don't know they've
gone away to try a little Taber's yeah
this is daddy's one he's getting a ham
crumpet kind of thing whatever it was
left it some cheese and some ham company
matter she loved us we're going now our
dough or I don't want to just eat this
food now is he tired so we planned to go
to the picnic at about eleven or twelve
in the park don't flash your knickers I
think it's a bad half one so progress
eduardo you got to put your little
things I'll go put them on the car
yeah we're all wearing the flip-flops
today it is hot huh I'm sure nobody's
doing weirdos I mean you know your clogs
you be like Danish huh clippity-clop any
clip we should go to Dane land Oh
some people think I'm serious huh
ouch ouch
all right we're parked at the parent and
toddler parking okay I know I didn't
mean to buggy I'm into kids okay
nobody's gonna believe me then I have a
child it was great that guy in his color
pink so cool Stevie I have chosen in the
car because it attempted windows you're
not gonna be able to see the strip the
car seats in the back I'm gonna bring
you up no one's gonna believe me that
you're here and everyone's gonna be like
oh that guy's so mean he's like stolen
those spots nice they're gonna try to
his moves here want to put the wrecker
enola with that add coconut there yeah
nice family cars oh yeah nice nice moves
all right little man let's just shake
that off I wouldn't want to get that on
the ground take it off here a little
monkey all right come on monkey man
big stuff oh oh oh what else she needs
little man he's struggling with the
flippers
you don't want to go to the Sun to see
this guy fall boy look the head over to
that tree that's what I said jesting so
jesting come on you want to go in this
one it's gonna be a skateboarder okay
come here ward oh man
sit good boy okay
well save these for Sorento no you can
keep yours on okay come on I know he's
gonna go faster no oh no that's much
faster yeah I mean yeah this tree has my
name on it it looks like the perfect
tree this is the main sort of spike you
know everyone's underneath that area in
this area because you get the shade
blast your Weiner picnic right there did
you guys remember that part us off
socializing move back you it's a food
wardo we see what's in here
oh I see what mom packed is a little
bonus in there for everybody
Oh who you me
wardo that's part of the picnic
experience you get a walk around in
circles whilst eating your sandwich it's
a process boy hello mm-hmm we have now
found ourselves back in Malibu another
sign is like a Malibu so nice here
why you gotta bury your feet look you
got a twirl your feet together
you got a buried him underneath you okay
wait don't wait for word oh hi yeah how
much higher high it's a race Louise
we're trying to eat it he just gonna
flop he doesn't flop he's a
flippy-floppy
he's a preppy poppy are you a flippin
floppy are you oh I get you play I'm
gonna get your okay what's the rule
so when Amelia gets tired that he has to
pick her up yeah we made up this rule
did you make up the rule yeah so when it
mean he gets tired that he has to pick
her up that's the rules
you know there's no messing about with
these real sister no what about if
daddy's tired can amelia pick him up too
big whose peak study up so that he gets
fired he has it just carrying himself he
knows after late I'm freaking out but
she really wanted to be off lead and oh
this place is covered in rubbish okay I
think somebody maybe didn't get quite as
far as the peanuts but yeah if you
haven't already guessed I've taken the
dogs out I look like a bit of a tool cuz
I've got on a white bra under like a
pretty much see-through top which is
almost white but it's still C so it
doesn't look that great I don't really
care so I'm just taking the dog for a
walk and I wanted something that is
light because it's really hot out today
which is really nice and yeah I
sometimes like to use these dog walks as
an excuse to work on my tan as well as
exercise if the weather is nice so come
on don't be a little grump it's so lazy
haven't even watched the gravel yet and
you must be picked up open the scene
that's given up you're doing a pee look
how funny my shadow looks and I'm
carrying Albie it looks like I've got
two furry heads
oh you can't see it anymore in the shade
hold on there we are
thinking some dinner that's it that's
all we're having chicken with a side of
coconut oil mild an odorless oh man
that does not say but I know all right
it's cooking up some Shakuni I think
I'll go my green side
cray how we did no cutie buddy you don't
you okay
distract this tractor buddy cuteness of
my own daughter oh they look like so
high do I have to make it the
old-fashioned way that feels like you're
short a huh I've got some whole crunchy
not earth and I've got some Nutella with
my name on it
I sure can pull it teamwork teamwork
don't mind don't mind the explosions
they're perfectly normal
all right this is vegetable wise what's
going in we've got some water chestnuts
you've got some grass that I picked that
side we've got some MIDI jokes that I
found under a rock in the garden you got
these things I picked them off the main
road found a pilotis over in the common
these were stuck to the underneath of my
shoe
well there we have it
dinner is ready looks tasty listen
chicken on the bottom cookie
howdy hmm
you have your doggies he's so gentle mmm
so QR know you like your doggies like
the doggies is another dougie
Oh group hug Oh Louise isn't new visas
in playing along
what's this slug doing here hey slugger
is that like fun she's like this is my
moment I didn't work out so even
Slytherin
huh littering then oh good night did you
and Wyatt imagine her in we're over the
trouble bed is that how you sleep you
got a little cat oh is that what it is
your little cat in there you see a cat
toy
are you collecting cat toys all right
say night-night
say say bye friends like this is my
shell wardo huh
say bye friends what was that oh I know
phone you blow you kiss your hand and
then you blow the kiss off your hands
writer bye
my goodness he is a ragamuffin of
cuteness isn't he
I really so funny since the cameras like
this is my moment just wait just wait to
see her own channel
she's hilarious she's such a little
entertainer hope you enjoyed today's
video
giving know like comment a subscription
and give it an old high five the screen
while you're at it anyway I'll see you
guys tomorrow
good bye no the does gone mad
