come on is ready gonna shoot some imma
we're going to see Joe my oh my how can
you miss me
Thank You Miami Missy oh yeah how much
the mom a black head
thank you not to me right I mean hasn't
been a mystery obviously cuz we were
away and she gets all the nursery
friends but you're gonna feed them all
this morning yeah oh yeah gosh yeah yeah
and the boys yeah right
Oh boys it wider like the boy do you
like boys yeah no yeah yeah well we'll
just keep it like that for the moment
we'll wait yeah it's probably best we
make a deal
that this is a deal okay Jamelia we
shake on a deal are we going hello mr.
man hello mr. man good morning
can you say good morning again
sedation's in that time hmm can you say
good morning it's probably too late to
say word order like slapping yeah order
likes loving yes
alright get curtains open you want to
sit in mommy's sight are we bringing all
the doggies with us all of them to
nursery
oh well bring Albie you did bring Albie
ones to remember that was fun wasn't it
okay the gates open so you got to be
very careful careful
you want to sit over there no you guys
sit in the back one
wait let me close this over don't get
squashed all right all aboard all aboard
look at the back like she has done it's
like a big girl school bag thing yeah
thank you
you can bring it to nursery no not that
one I'm up for a morning walk the dogs
are being picked off victory I can't
hear me another witness but this is
Albion Cena Kobe is surprisingly chipper
today
he's running he's playing he's actually
keeping up so like I was saying before
you could probably not hear me they're
going to take don't pee on your wife
today but I wanted to take my angry call
this time of day we go shopping to drop
your kid off to school after school
shopping because you could go any people
in the supermarket right now
my parents you like drop their kids off
give us at night right walk like 10 past
9:00 in the morning
who goes supermarket shopping 10 past
9:00 in the morning
Oh parents doctor kids on the school I
think it's kind of funny interesting is
funny and this is what I have to do when
I'll be gets tired this is why it's more
of a workout for me he doesn't like the
gravel on his paws so I have to pick him
up
good dogs women women lb was there she's
taking this stuff out of the car I'll
pull this over here
I don't eat hey hey there how we doing
how we didn't today
whoa careful careful careful careful
careful you should go back in there I
think yeah I think he might have fallen
out walk feeling fallen s yeah don't
panic don't panic you want to go back in
there it's dangerous out here I could
have I could have run you over
I don't want to run you over
no no no no no I'm gonna pick you up
your leg
Amelia's home I can't see your prize
is there for who's the prize for but
who's it for from you to daddy mommy is
it for me oh thank you I'm excited
once you I need to see the prize can I
open the prize now oh it's a price for
daddy or for mommy yeah oh you like
daddy
oh thank you I like you too Wow mmm you
actually see you learn look it looks
like the legs the arms the head or some
sort of a chicken superhero mmm the
complexity like you can see the emotion
traveling true the way she went for a
sort of a cubism reaches of Modern
Renaissance period with a hint of like
Expressionism it's a masterpiece I am
making dinner and I'm cooking sweet and
sour prawns
this is what it looks like and meaning I
was she just had a meltdown oh you're
all up sorry she just had a
meltdown because it's not pasta and she
like went past that cupboard took it
past was like this one this one I want
to like sorry it's rice but she does
like rice she just doesn't like it as
much as I'm not like I sounded like my
mom like you know when you say things to
your children than you it like brings
back a memory of your parents so I was
like and if you don't like a cross with
her because she was kind of being a
little bit riding she was like acting up
a bit and I was like if you don't like
it you can go live somewhere with some
other families to say like but the
difference is my mom used to actually
put like actual effort into her meals
like I just kind of throw stuff together
and like
I'm not good at cooking but my mom used
to actually like that make everything
from scratch and put genuine effort in
and like she was an amazing cook and
it's really only now in life that I'm
realizing how you know it important that
wasn't like I'm so grateful
this is nice on me son of a gun the only
little boy he's such a little cutie pie
don't give him miss Illinois what can
you say hello can you say Apple who can
you say orange can you say car can you
say Amelia can you say
Eduardo can you say Penelope can use a
cute can you say cutie boot
hey there cutie boot I really built
around the bill I readability Creed I'm
really bad kid to beat flute and you'd
still be used to be a red the house he'd
be round about even playing the flute
he's great cute when you play the flute
cause he'd be really big mm-hmm regna be
Oh
you're a cute little man you rat oh my
bye-bye bye-bye
brain you see my friends say morning
friends Wow
not yet not ready for that yet my friend
hmm
a bit concerned still about our little
bird friend so I'm gonna go see if he's
still in here and if he is still here
I'm worried that he hasn't eaten
don't worry that it's not getting better
and you might need actual medical
assistance
so there is a Wildlife Sanctuary not
that far away from here I have a
transportation unit here with me and we
might actually bring the guy down there
a wildlife case they look after sort of
like you know hurt animals and stuff
because I'd hate to think it's something
what happened to the little fella and we
had a chance to help him we did what we
did but I think you could do better just
trying to find them I got the bird yeah
the birdies in here but we have to be
very very careful because we don't want
to scare the little birdy
okay ready we bring the birdies on my
safe and happy yeah so we're just
putting on new shoes for the occasion oh
my goodness look at them converse you
see you've got my two shoes guys no way
they're the shoes that cause all the
eBay stores to steal your pictures
wedding yeah and now why do his big-boy
shoes maybe his pictures will be stolen
for eBay stores yeah sorry they were so
cute okay let's go let's go
hey there mom and dad I think that
cookie mom and dad I could be wrong
there's a lot of pigeons around here but
if that is mom and dad I just let you
know everything's all right with you
kiddo
I'm just taking to get them looked at
okay everything will be okay trust me
trust me on this one whoa okay no
teacher fine size 11
Janaki mask
maybe they're working on
big story these legs what happened to
the birdie
she does I say she tells them we're at
the hospital hospital this way she knows
that at the start of our plows way back
in like the first or second video we we
saved the bird who saved a lot of birds
in our time okay it's his little leg
you'll see one of his little legs is
like bent in it's like he won't walk on
one of us at legs
and every time we try to kind of go
forward keep balls on it yeah stick it
back your birdie friends hi pretty
pretty soon yeah to the doctor did it
who are you running off there you want
to bring the birdie home with the
birdies in hospital now what the burden
will be better the birdie we're gonna
call them tomorrow yeah so they've given
us a number and everything we're gonna
call tomorrow and we're gonna see how
the birdie is what they seem to think he
seems alright are she I don't know I
keep changing it here ya know I don't
know but I am I feel like we did the
right thing we made the right decision
alright everybody the parents don't care
you know we're really concerned that
we're like one of the parents are
watching and we're like kidnapping their
child in media we get him first
and climb across here you are yeah you
can have a really big girl chair you
know what you can do when you're really
big you can drive mommy and daddy around
hello hope you enjoyed the video give it
an old subscription and the likes in the
commenting and all that thing any
buttons hopefully um today we'll find
out in a couple hours if birdie friend
is okay
it's good we feel really good that we
actually did that you know we drove all
the way out there it's that wildlife
place and we dropped the Bernie off and
you know they were quite appreciative
because they said that most people
wouldn't actually you know go edit it
away for a pigeon so I was like huh well
pitching friend so yeah hopefully he's
okay
anyway should give you an update
tomorrow and thanks much for watching
and goodbye
