you have your makeup on we sing songs
again Oh daddy needs air cut I forgot to
charge that could you imagine Britain's
Got Talent or something right and now we
have Amelia a horny Jolie accompanied by
her father to see the side to see this
guy diseased I woke up this morning
they're seeing the sky no the Sun was
the the sky was still there do you
pouting look at your parents you're
pouting is that the control don't go
gadget go go gadget go don't go here
should we wake your brother up yeah okay
let's go let's get wardo bar the word
word word word word word oh it's trying
to wake Gallardo up it's morning morning
time he's not going to like it cuz he
doesn't like waking up in the morning
time we're new we're due so we are
baking and making now I need you to
welcome it in here and pour it in the
movies the finished result
I think honey one
one more no drop it in this is all part
of that and baking series that we do
know mums I view it's every Sunday for
the next five weeks no I hate the first
it was last week of jammie Dodger one
that was amazing good it was like the
funniest video ever or she like grabbed
the dough oh my goodness yeah so check
them out anyway
every Sunday we're going to put another
foot back I think this is what we're
doing this week there was talk about
building a house a cake house we're like
that's crazy
yeah awesome it arrived the new reg
plates arrived
I am I don't know if I can show you this
thing so I subside Oaks I haven't driven
my car in like two three weeks two and a
half weeks of something that I miss it I
miss the sound of the beast but I think
you know like underneath your numbers
that you have in your car normally like
the manufacturer or the dealer or
wherever you got the car normally I like
to write their little like little
advertising spiel well because the Reg
is are different I went and got these
myself done I actually got you did it
underneath the thing I can't open it and
see oh look you can kind of see it there
look I got you see it look I got my
friends is that buddy hello master man
Eduardo Eduardo can you say hello can
you say baking talk into our dough
Eduardo can you say baking can you say
Rice Krispies oops
can you say chocolate
can you say imagine Eduardo opens the
baking video Union and Sunday to see if
actually happened
no be hilarious invite you to time alone
making a bacon video don't be brilliant
we should do it guys put your hand in
here yeah all right folks
quiet on the set no kissing on the set
don't eat all the food Amelia he's not
gonna stay there is it gonna fall in the
home we have a reg place it goes the
other way drill but it's not plugged in
like this
a toy it's a screwdriver on there it's a
little bit okay so we need to do is you
need to measure out the hole we're gonna
cut in this okay woohoo what I'll tell
you gonna help daddy no
I'm not in a cave right that's
apparently I'm in a cave and I'm on my
own
are you going to help what don't press
the pedal I am talking what what do you
say it just give me two pina coladas I
got one as he got Brooklyn you know your
favorite card I thought it was actually
cheese I don't feel like did you just
put cheese on some mango
I know boy expertise heaven I came in I
found organic organics it looks really
good alright did you lock the doors to
the dogs would you know eat the bird oh
boy we rocked in our home no no okay I
shall uh exit and enter your domain
formal door hey I got new glam but I'm
excited I got the right job by the way I
haven't driven a car in like ages get me
out of here I'm excited I'm excited
I'll be excited too if I was me oh wait
I am me wait for the sound that's that I
missed you beeps
buongiorno buongiorno prego prego prego
buongiorno
oh boy I have returned oh you only love
some and then you don't deal for a while
and you're right do I have to worry to
love it yeah yeah I do
yeah I do all right lads we may have a
situation if you remember door is a mess
here you can see empty nest syndrome the
bridge that's falling out in there he's
over here
I think I'm not sure the ocean but
Bianca was like chasing something
earlier and then I realized it was the
pigeon
oh it's moved Oh No
Solana has brought the bird some organic
sunflower seeds and I don't think I
don't need it's happening wait okay look
your home is just there okay then stop
stop stop stop just leave him just leave
there look maybe his mommy will find him
I don't he doesn't want your organic
sunflower seeds
yeah maybe the talkies gonna find them
maybe the talks won't find them over
here now give me the talent find them
who are nuts like Victorino their seeds
same thing that does not help the
situation no good afternoon friends good
morning friends
but afternoon now could you woke up from
your nap didn't you have enough are you
gonna finish the baking what else
they're pretzels yes Yuri
Ramona play we did eat pretzels on the
plane yeah like line which was yours
my mine Arjun what what those things
what are you even saying
do you even speak English anymore oh do
you speak English
are you gonna go and sleep you will
hiccupping hey you might know baby hmm
you my little baby I feel like it's so
dark today Oh what it is yeah it's like
autumn or winter anyway I'm making some
fish I'm making cod and I just placed it
in a kind of like package of olive oil
and salt and pepper and then I've got
these frozen vegetables they're like
Mediterranean veggies so we've got some
aubergine zucchini I think
peppers and all that nice stuff and I'm
gonna pop it in for 25 minutes and that
should be dinner done I'm not sure what
to do about like maybe I'll do a sweet
potato actually so like the great or I
have rice haven't really decided yet I
might do rice actually I'm not sure what
I'm gonna do but um that's gonna be
dinner and I kind of like those dinners
that you can just pop in the oven and
forget about because they're so easy to
do hi these two are really wanting
chocolate because they can smell it and
see it but they have to wait until after
that dinner so they're not right B right
now dogs are going a bit nuts mm-hmm and
they were chasing her because she hasn't
flown yet okay but when I picked her up
she she I don't know if like she was
trying to fly
don't touch it I mean I don't touch it
okay don't touch don't touch
okay good girl
okay put the dogs inside put it
somewhere soft so if it flies and
doesn't and it's calling the RSPCA see
what they suggest I'll put the bird
outside though you're not gonna take a
picture and tweet it because I put her
outside I think she has it
oh she's on the phone I think oh you
guys can come at now I think she wanted
like a broken leg or something um she or
he I keep changing my statements it
wasn't sure but you can see little fella
little fella you know fella
you see little bottom leg she's like
kind of limping a bit when she walks
around it's me so I'm not sure did she
fall out of the nest that she wanted
damaged her leg mm-hmm you don't like
that little fella don't be afraid we're
friends now anyone up there I have a
lost I'll still a kid oh sweet look he
do it there that could be her parents
guys came up see he's trying to get our
theater bird that's definitely a parent
see that's what I think if you take him
out of there and put him in a section it
does not get us okay little buddy you'll
be safe in here and it's completely like
fenced-in all the way around so no mr.
mean foxes can get in either well
probably be they can but now hopefully
mom and dad can get you and they'll keep
you safe good luck little friend best
friends forever
are you gonna be best friends forever
all right dinner has been Hardy did you
come here to me did you have today
mm-hmm
watch my cup when did you eat sweet
potato did you not she still ate it
because that he asked you didn't you coz
that he says if you don't eat your sweet
potato I'm gonna beat you and then you
talk to yourself I don't want no beating
from
don't eat our is that good at beating
you up
hmm tell everyone how often does that
beat you up Baba obey you mister Wow
what do you stand in on p-box at pampers
the pumpers
are they Amelia's nappies and Eduardo
wears pull-ups all right I'll be okay
say bye friends bye friends no busy
doesn't matter why does it wire down his
stolen your Thunder hilarious so the
little birdie is still truckin he's
still in the garden just today he was
just wandering across the driveway I was
like what are you doing a little bad so
I put them back into the rough but I'm
not sure like I want to make sure he's
okay so I'm thinking ders just like a
wildlife sanctuary place you can try to
I know like it's a pigeon you know
people don't ever like pigeons are just
like flying rats and stuff like that you
know but it's still a little person with
feelings and emotions and and and and
you know so I don't I don't want
something bad to happen to little bugger
so he might end up bad today if it's not
happens I might end up bringing him down
there drop them off anyway hope you
enjoyed today's video
bananas in pyjamas they're so cute
anyway I'll see you guys later
you know like comment subscribe and I'll
see tomorrow
fight
