that's how you we're not good little boy
yeah well
no the sleeve is important so I would
recommend winning today's prize for 200
and all you would have to do friends to
it the eggs are in tweet using the
hashtag SJ Xmas and don't forget to act
temper UK and then CB this question
friends what could of cookies
would you plug on a temper comfort
pillow elastic friends goodbye and I'll
see you tomorrow
I can't wait for Christmas
the lights on the Christmas tree
no schemes
magic is fallen straight from the sky
covering everything glistened in white
Jack Frost has finally come out to say
hi with his snow on Christmas
Oh away today in out the same through
all the seasons the wind harden out hope
for a ban kid white with some snow on
Christmas mom
good morning friends and welcome to
Sunday so guys a few days ago Emilia was
playing with Alexa and did you ask Alexa
to get something so a minute ago I got a
knock in the door from a courier who
said I have a delivery for you gentlemen
and I said you must be confused well it
turns out somebody may have ordered
something from Alexa did you ask Alexa
to get you something yeah and she
obliged
all right so shall we see what amelia
asked Alexa to get so this box has
arrived and inside it was something
amelia ordered from Alexa Jairam what
did you order it Amelia
oh my goodness at shava shava Christmas
cake what what is it chopper chops
Christmas cake you mean here is it wait
how many did you order wait what is this
I mean you get did you ask for a box of
them or something oh my goodness Amelia
I'm gonna show me how to how did you ask
right so what did you say to her it's
time thank you based on your order
history
I found shepherd chubs candy sweet
Christmas cake 105 grams
packet well it's 27 pounds and 57 pounds
total and keeping tax and you know what
to buy it yeah okay order placed and
will be delivered by Tuesday the 19th of
December
so alex is here and Anna is dyeing her
hair a crazy color there's a plan
there's a plan I don't need the drastic
change in her life I've been told so
concider a new husband or a dye your
hair I'm thinking drastic change or just
a bit of a tan or a holiday we did a job
what if you got what's the plan well
well we have some highlighting foil
that's tough for us the most important
thing all righty
oh I like what you've done with this
room guys it's fantastic you've really
improved the aesthetic appeal of the
room so I'm can I interest you in some
television yes you know basically from
the amazonian you are a big fan of
Amazon you are a big fan of Amazonians
so guys there is actually a second movie
but there's actually a third movie as
well so this is he's grown up
do you know New York who we've been on
holidays a few times well he gets lost
in New York which is now owned by Disney
so what color we gone for so far I come
up a few guys Oh reveal hopefully I'll
do wrong is it supposed to be blue yeah
yeah essentially unless yeah it is
starting yeah that's called the intro
yeah it does the intro first I'm Dan to
me he's gonna play look I think the
movie starting up the bar opening the
introduction
yeah this is the intro guys and Dan look
here we go that's the house isn't it
from the first one
Wow well you don't have to wait and find
out
can I have them back please life is not
living its merely survive and you're
standing outside the fire sometimes I
thank God for unanswered friends
do-do-do-do-do doesn't mean he don't
care some of God's greatest gifts we are
having a bit of a standoff here now I've
put cheese in her food because obviously
I know these things these two moms over
here give me an awful hard time
oh jeez Bodie is like Alex's I suppose I
ought to stand up for me actually she's
protecting me this crazy one no dad yeah
well there's two ways to do things
there's no no I didn't follow your rules
I like it like that you don't like you
said raw cheese a minute ago look
there's the mom's way and then there's
the dad's way my way and now she's
eating it no well a little bit idea I
took your advice and then yeah look
Simon now Alessia and last year you are
mommies or daddies oh my goodness the
media was running around all right
doggies assemble assemble oh we're
getting somewhere now
I mean looks like an alien or something
all right immediate it's assisting okay
don't beat her with a hammer in media
come on mister let's get out of here
okay guys what do you think of my new
style this is a new look for winter wipe
it right oh cool do you like it yeah
good but what's that wait for the gleam
party tomorrow jump in the shower right
now I figured I'd get this top off well
it's an off-the-shoulder as officer I
shouldn't be too bad but feels weird
having a shower I always go so weird
having sharing your life today
just never do not well anyway I'm gonna
watch this off and I'm gonna show you
guys the fight and look
oh my top we cut it you know it you know
it you've got to dr. growers well I
don't know how you can grow it but it's
peach time time in the city you go nope
nope nope nope nope
and she thinks is hilarious nope nope
Moishe no animated videos each other but
that is hair by the way guys Wow under
the title of that blog please it's
called no more food
you know more food and whenever you get
to the point before you see it we just
give me the timecode Oh at Sorrento guys
I probably did many a times ahead
sponges there you go meaty ready are you
ready
Amelia what is that what is that no in
Sorrento is that sorrento 1803 years ok
thanks alright
no good media shake head thing like you
know look at the media you know gears
our movie date that's you as a baby
that's a waiter
it's a waiter yeah you saying hello a
little baby because he thinks you're
cute
that's like a time machine in your hand
Bambino bellissima
she's developing such a little character
desin she's like a little family
I give a Messer you me like a mess with
like your dad alright but but but what
and this is immediate today you're so
cute
you still have it you still have it
what are we doing hey sweetie bring me
on who what we do do quickly brush never
hit you okay what should we do to his
car
okay somebody bring em drink up now oh
this is not my coffee drink it what does
it burn some what
why the teacher yeah the kids don't
think we're like chocolate and sugar and
stuff in it did you actually see the
green washing up liquid right there
