good morning in media good morning if I
do get morning books so there was
progress me yes 5 a.m. today was 6 a.m.
progress progress we're going in the
right direction in about a week or two
that'll be sleeping into the bed midday
as ever that happened well that is gonna
happen in about 10 years
mm do you want to play with your castle
why no with me so cute last night when
he was like saying Zoe it out hey yeah I
don't know if you guys had if we said
boyfriends I mean it was like shouting
at the same times I don't know you guys
have it so clearly you're so cute mr.
keep becoming another growing up man
you bring why to a present that's cool
what's a nice elephant what yeah
you shouldn't do that why are you
working today do you a holiday toy I
would like to order a toy please okay
I'm sending a new match okay
okay but what if I even want that toy
can i order different toys new toys like
any toy I won you do you have a lot of
toys I could order yeah and when I get
the toy am I allowed play with oh this
is just for buying toys you I can buy a
castle
Wow
how many shops do you have two shops
Oh
like my order oh wow that's your order
over there well who's gonna deliver the
presents you're going to deliver the
present and you're gonna work in the
shop the two shops okay okay going
outside cause the ruckus
then little ruckus gang of ruckuses you
wanna Nana
bounine where I gotta open the banana
when I open the banana yeah
can you say open open know it to get him
in the right mood to say things all
right hold on let me open this up for
you one half for Wired oh one half for
me Mia one of them yum yum yum yum yum
yum banana team
Oh cute all right this is gonna be the
first time I've driven a car on the
right-hand side again we were supposed
to great last night dude but I didn't
because I was like I still fetch at lag
so I didn't bother I would take my car
but I'm missing a reg and it looks a lot
nicer but at the rage and a play on the
car but I don't know what happened it
was about about three or four days
before we went to the US I was coming
back from standing up there I turned
around I was like where's the reg gone
so I've ordered a new one and I think
it's gonna come I think it's like today
or tomorrow hasn't come yet so I can't
take the car - what house he's quite low
down so I think I might Eclipse
something or or someone stole it I don't
know
oh wait look here's a Fed Ex plant oh my
goodness - is reg I'll be epic imagine
no it's not how cute is that though it's
not really cute like this is the drawers
when mister man kids stereo headphones
but also ordered yesterday yeah
iPad cases for them to figure if you
give me cases and headphones because
them we travel a lot we're going to
Sorento very shortly and I think there's
only a three hour flight which is
firefighting is quite a long time but
after doing 12-hour flights to LA and
back and then doing a tower of flights
to Orlando I'm back recently I think a
three - flight will be quite nice and
short
whatever turn what is this
would you like if it was for you would
you like it to be it could be for you
could it be for you mister let me see
what we got in here for a wired oh it
weren't oh oh
that's for you
doggies are going for a walk in the pink
van you gonna go to pink fan pink fine
Helen Helens here take this one to take
the barking ones soft play did you play
soft you're going to slide you didn't go
on a slide
any big girls gone yeah that's some way
like not I brought the iPad down I mean
there's one this is Eduardo is one see
they're like you can drop the other
heads you won't get broken but you can
also put it like that for watching TV
and they can hold them in their hands
yeah you can do that now show me to put
your iPad in here yeah okay come on it's
in the kitchen all right all right come
on
Wow is this cool put your headphones on
like a big girl this is so cool and the
screen is so well protected like it's
not gonna break like the distance that's
really cool
and this is pretty last wheel ever speak
to me down because you forever with her
headphones on a text to her device hello
chocolate one chocolate milkshake
chocolate pudding
brownie you wanna brandy you mean yeah
I'll give you a brandy right now and
yeah throw more presents you want to go
back to Disney World
what you want to do anything you want
right now
hmm yeah yeah the nod all right friends
some important information and a
possible announcement shall we call it
an announcement Beckett let's call it an
announcement when we were in an VidCon I
had so much fun meeting viewers and I
really really loved meeting you guys and
you know listening to your stories and
you know just giving it all a hug I came
back and I was like gosh darn it I need
to meet more people
uh-huh sounds like what's going on I was
like somewhere in cities happen in like
2 weeks no it's like get on it we're
doing a meet-up in summer the city it's
on Saturday at 3 p.m. I think is like 3
to 6 good windows them
lottery ballot things you know so if
you've got tickets for so many city on
Saturday make sure to put our name down
on the ballot so you actually get
tickets to come and see us because it
will obviously be limited and if you
haven't and you still want to go I think
I think you can buy tickets to somewhere
in the city if you want to just come and
see us on Saturday but I'm really
excited now like yeah and it's sunny in
like two weeks time that's gonna be so
much fun
onesies and then I feel like you know
we're gonna Sorento and I'm gonna get
back from Sorrento and see yeah it's too
rough so you can hook up so for dinner
today I'm cooking spaghetti bolognaise
and I'm doing it with onion and it's not
I'm gonna turn it aside between this one
and this one this is not spaghetti
obviously so and look one of my nails
came off as in not came off they're all
my nails but it broke
no the gel started peeling and then it
broke so I'm kind of annoyed by that it
took me quite a while to grow that nail
but anyway um
Bonnie's sauce and then 10 peppers
because
I don't ever do it any particular way I
just kind of change it all the time
depending on how breach kilobots arrived
just came in the door there hey we're
starting true Amelia's pile was
destroyed as well has he gotten stuff
the FDM a friend piles who got Zoe's
co.labs and a Jim's the friend file you
know wait what's this
mister man leprechaun look at this
little book right this girl said she
published it herself
dolly treasures but look it's like it's
really cool oh yeah I was trying to be
neat one of the piles and look what else
huh like it was like it was Cody me
feels like someday I'm gonna have my own
name on my Nutella there you go well
actually I'm sharing it with honor so
you know it's not my own name it'll do
it this is what dinner looks like it's
just um just Eduardo and me dining
together because the media is having a
toilet experience down and Jonathan is
helping her so just the two of us
Eduardo how'd you feel about that a date
with your mummy didn't we make a deal a
prize
Disney Princess you want that one
instead who's that for
that for wired oh my gosh we got a new
book Super Friends I think you had a new
book as well yeah oh no oh oh oh you
went out okay night mean yeah close the
door good night because I just let the
radiator so it's like air bubbles
drainage so it's like it's fixing it up
now we have grown we're climatized to
the California weather and now we're
freezing
keep it oh it's not that call external
heating mic on and then all the Raiders
had a black bleed other ideas and stuff
yeah we got two new books from wire
let's read huh then a word it was a big
boy you can say those are words here's
okay are you gonna sleep my friends
Bragi my friends my friends eduardo
Sakuni getting cuter every day that's
his little team SANCCOB he's so cute
he's like the cutest little man ever and
the way he talks oh my goodness and I
was like I can't really like he can
actually hear his voice they keep him
kinda here but like you know it's like
coming soon to Ciccone Jolie's is like
conversations like that Amelia or
sometimes like coming into the room and
watching a tune like dancing and playing
together itself it's gonna be so much
fun
kiss her cool lads hmm yeah open joy
today's video give it a lone like and
almost comment a subscription and
hopefully I'll see some of you guys it's
we're in the city that's gonna be fun
goodbye
