- morning friends where we going today
my pan Malibu Malibu sanshin we're gonna
go see Malibu Barbie no that's the thing
we excited so we're looking at a map and
we were like we can go to Long Beach or
we can go to Malibu and then Malibu just
sounded like way cooler mallets in Long
Beach because we did Santa Monica and I
feel like Santa Monica is probably
similar to Malibu so are to a Long Beach
you know I was like I looked at the map
and I was like Las Vegas is only 2 hour
drive away so I was like that's good Las
Vegas Viva Las Vegas and honest said
nope no Aladdin you must come down off
your magic carpet that was like oh my
god we go to area 51 we go look for UFO
and aliens in the desert now
what are you doing you sitting on a
boulder
yeah can you say Boulder Boulder except
drop a clip
what if we have to do it this way let's
go back to it there's a roof over us
Boulder so pointy we're here in the same
Motel is the UAE and Special Olympics
team so there's like so many
other bags pointy all have the exact
same bag it's like huggers tanam thank
you taking over our hotel huh
we should go to the UAE Yui you be huh
that'll be fun
all right guy we decided to take the
kind of longer wakes I wanted to do the
kind of coast road all the way out to
Malibu but this is so weird like I just
I can't believe this like for playing
San Andreas for I don't know three or
four years and it's been out I know the
map like so well and this is I feel like
I'm in a computer game it's so weird I
know this road like that the arm the
military base is up there like we're
gonna out like all it's so weird don't
know anything crazy don't you guys easy
ride that's alright I'm getting at here
hey Rob another card of the so cool my
just go I think we're gonna go home
shoot at at Calabasas which is that kind
of hope I think there's a wildlife park
or something in the middle I'm gonna try
and go back that way like put for the
way out I was like that's it a big long
coast drive yeah maybe some amazing
views yeah it's so cool we've arrived in
Paradise Cove from Paradise Cove beach
I'd ask those people on Twitter
yesterday where we should go
number one sort of recommendation oh
look at those guys seem to stand up
surfy thing we and I'll be tried to do
that okay this looks amazing
look at that Beach Oh beach town great
for week 9 episode 2 okay no it's bit
windy right now this is amazing this is
amazing this is so amazing I better not
say this is cool
those new goblets enemy don't kind of
hurt her word don't say this is cool
it's like that's it stop
I'm 35 years old I ain't changing
alright you ever so I say things are
cool that's what I say right that's me
hi Jonathan but this is so cool this is
amazing like this is this is so
beautiful and yet I haven't been down to
the sea yet we're gonna run one of these
little bad things we're gonna make a
base
all the kids in it once if you can ran
through like em those surf will not
serve for surfboards are not letting
this Beach when I'm theater type of
words where it's theater type of at any
bobbins oh my goodness is so beautiful
this is such a good idea coming out of
underworld Long Beach is probably
amazing - that's I am falling in love
for California no I just I really like
it here
let's go find a family I'm walking the
sand mm-hmm we're waiting for Beach fun
so you bought this Villa is it a bucket
and we got a watering can and we have a
little boat inside a boat inside a boat
me that we can dig you make sandcastles
well it's a party still I have to bite a
vidiian wrench pillows surfboards so
this is my plan lads right I'm gonna buy
these now I've already bought them but
I'm going to give them to to you guys
who come to our meetup in VidCon okay so
a cooker meter from VidCon and you might
get to have these because we can't bring
them home with us and I was like let's
give way to friends so yeah and if you
didn't know is um the tickets that
people were vying for are VidCon event
is actually for our QA which i think is
about four o'clock on Saturday but our
meetup is actually in half 9:00 on
Saturday morning but it seems to be on
cap so if you're a big fan meet us come
to our meetup at half nine we become a
little bit out here just in case just a
couple of people I want to go what they
said Oakland cap so everyone should call
because yeah you can get yourself one of
these on surfboards
this was my one and this is the girly
one so what one guy anyone that's my
word it's cool no oh no you want to go
in Sylvain
what do you think when you want anything
you want to be brave boy been a brave
boy oh you got to get up before the ways
club get up pretty well
or I guess speed
oh you want to come in further
are you ready wired Oh we'll do this
together we'll do it together okay you
ready
is that winning huh
here comes the big one oh boy oh boy
oh my god that was like huge
sorry word oh yeah on me as well
I'd love is gonna go to see
see haha
there's a big one
you
so funny he's just standing there hand
in the beach oh so that was fun but it
may have cost me this camera because the
shooters are completely broken now again
this is a new one that we just opened we
can look at all the birds they're flying
information
it's so cool see all the birds in
formation that's pretty cool fly does it
oh they know where their energy oh it's
good idea human should walk together Oh
was it
oh my god yeah so I'll keep the waves we
didn't realize they were so big like all
of a sudden like intuitive or like truck
it well yeah it cost me a camera so now
and when I turn this one off is like Oh
Susan almost breaks now right whiteout
what it was worth it where you have to
stay here in our little area do you want
to build a sandcastle want to build a
snowman
thank you plays amazing now
I fulfill in might online gaps lunchtime
I'm not actually getting anything
I'm working on my figure for VidCon Anna
has gotten some sesame seed thing kids
have got a giant food Oh looks like I
may have lied to you thank you that's a
lot of nachos wasn't expecting that many
nachos laughter here am i expected all
of this oh boy this child oh boy oh boy
three valet for ten minutes no more
sushi and healthy food he just like
covered is that tasty you like that oh
you're out of here
Wow Wow
and I may even share your just won't be
known even chance to share I don't like
chocolate fun you liked the Oreo of it
is greater the water cuz I'm going to
have to go in and show it's okay daddy's
in that
first time putting petrol into the car
the two of us were laughing people we're
looking for I was like is this diesel or
petrol I don't know which one it is oh
except to myself but then I spent ages
look around and I realized I don't know
diesel in the United States they're all
petrol bombs on people or gas pumps so
Freddie Reddy's pick it up can go for it
go put the card in first
let's put it in
happen the tornado is more complicated
than expected but this is cool I like
this you don't actually have to hold its
own thing way I think I asked the guy
when I went inside me said you know it's
not really any people like you can get
Diesel's but I mainly like the audience
sort of like German cars himself cause
like you think that's Petra's like yeah
it looks like a petrol car so you got me
this one yeah we just got away cuz he
sent her up the hotel the whole 12 the
whole turkey German I sleep in a hole
beside an LA traffic for several hundred
million years huh
and I was able to get us home with me
outside now I know Moya right now hey
weirdo you sleepy did you know the whole
time we're here I never hear that this
is an actual door here
I always walk to the other door so we're
at the church Lombardi it's over
I didn't god it was amazing earth there
was music over there we were like in
some red room chillin
there's YouTube people over here I
believe I totally forgot but I'm just
enjoying to chat noizeeh everybody
because they haven't kind of seen most
people here since we missed the camera
thing we are going to do the camera
thing
like lots and lots of like cameras all
around I'm sure other people Brogdon
you can watch that is now almost
midnight this is their moment this is
the latest they've ever been out to one
time one time we stayed up way up to we
have yet to snail after midnight I don't
wouldn't allow urgently appetizers we
almost every word all right
it's KCC it's KC hotel for okay awesome
a about shaft like super late at night
hey
so Jonathan wanted me to blog in here
here's a lady's room good nickel for
every tip so I probably said that really
crumbly I'm worthless you just want me
wanna turn really really late it's way
past my bedtime but this is what it
looks like
mm-hmm not really used to this in my
real life this is nice so that's what it
looks like it took me a while to figure
it yeah it has I think that's your help
all right we're back in our hotel room
it is half past some time and we are
going to bed the children are asleep we
had a lot of fun tonight
I forgot to vlog a lot of it but I did
flog the toilet and fairness so that was
like a plus there now
check out that end slate imagine that
could be a stereo putting a little
Hollywood Walk of Fame into place anyway
hope you enjoyed today's video on our
beach party fun time don't forget to
give it know like a comment a
subscription and we'll do it all again
tomorrow lads
good night smart lad all this now be
Donna
