today we're doing things a little bit
different
every moment just like me and all you
would have to do to win friend is tweet
using the hashtag SJ Xmas I don't forget
to act clever mama perhaps for this
question who is your favorite mama I
don't forget today there's gonna be
three winner and on wit the video show
I can't wait for Christmas
sorry Chris
hey guys welcome to day one holiday and
whether it be reading spot book two LS
yeah and immediate about to get dressed
now
think we're going to go for this we've
got not a lot of room that's what you
want it that's what I have for you just
wear this one now because you've already
worn the other one I also need to figure
out a place for immediate service
because they don't really fit you okay
in that bottom drawer anymore it's too
full of like uniform and all kinds of
stuff in there so we need to make some
room
my friends blank Johnson all right oh
this is empty media let's put your
jumpers in ladies and gentlemen prepare
yourself for a sight unseen before by
human eyeballs amelia Thomasina sakuni
joey is about to perform what's its
called
gymnastics she has created
she has created a gymnastics special
event so myself and the rest of gang
boys guys take your seats
the events about to start take your
seats where the audience were the add
judges take a seat take a seat of my
secret potion ladies and gentlemen
it's the most amazing thing we've ever
seen in our live so the livery oh well
so present arrived this is what now
we're gonna show the people in the video
came out through the vlog you have a
quick look and you can get your reaction
this is what it wardo ordered for mommy
what do you think don't you can't tell
you what it is
this is kind of is mommy gonna love this
are you gonna get some use out of this
we're all gonna get some you said it was
we can't show our friends what it is yes
let's a get out 2,400 miles on the spot
I've done 2,400 miles and it's led me to
marcin's because we are on a Christmas
adventure it's a very very important
thing that we have to do which is a
tradition isn't this it's a very
important tradition Eduardo and Eduardo
is wearing his King hat that he made in
school and he's wearing it today because
he is a king it won't look Christmas
trees well we get a Christmas tree I
think one Christmas tree is suffice
don't you think did you want to go into
trolley or do you want to walk around
with me
you wanna go in a trolley alright you go
put yeah which vehicle would you like to
drive in you like these ones
alright this one no how about this one
what's that would you say what a date oh
cool oh daringly triangles they're a
good source of calcium
you wanna poach one a laughing cow or a
dairy cow we don't you're right you're
right we don't need them we don't
believe in what we eat chocolate crunch
is that all we're here for when I was a
kid right we used to do this team and
always at the holiday times holiday
series what I wasn't in the trolley
chocolate crunch hadn't been invented
yes I wasn't in Charlie thought we was
those little you know those little last
election boxes what he calls a little
collection of different cereals oh yeah
that's you know it was a holiday as
those our parents would treat us and
they let us get the box and the idea was
that each day or a serum each day you
need a different box and you get a
variety pack these things
these things here oh it's just called
variety I feel like there was a name for
them okay so every day you get to have a
different one it was because I was a
holiday cus we do in the holidays so
that's your one and let's get Emilio one
so you've got one each and every day
yeah well no we're not gonna have it
right now but every day you get to have
a different one during the Christmas
holidays for the other days what are the
days yeah oh Anthony Oh mommy oh my
goodness Anna used to go mental for this
oh this one's open
let's get an unopened one oh my goodness
they're all ripped and open do you oh my
goodness oh I'm gonna get them for Anna
because she is mad for cinemas curious
eat host now everyone has this Harriet
except for - but I don't really like
cereal that much okay are we all set is
there anything else we need oh you know
we need Christmas cake and Christmas
pudding
very important traditions you know don't
you want to make a gingerbread house
yeah we get a gingerbread I said you can
make that with jelly sweets and candy
beads and icing that could be a fun
activity to do never you're off school
yeah okay let's do that
you could bingo let's move this up here
and let's get o - quick let's go much
let's go mad we can have them after H
now we need something before H do you
okay so far we've got just the basics
we've got cinnamon toast we've got okay
so believe me a common what was that
called the selection of Syria by that
there was a name for wasn't Oh daddy
look like that guy
Wow is that you look like David Beckham
Oh like me I gave this weird minute oh
oh we're getting David's yes Hey
the green this Wow beef flavored puffs
and I know some berries you can tell
mommy about any of the things were
buying okay it's all a secret okay we're
gonna have to hide it in our secret
stash is that a deal either where we
could hide in the basement Don't Tell
Bobby okay don't tell mommy will hide in
the basement right what else do we need
what this is what you need Wow I don't a
kid I want the actual cake because I
don't think that comes yeah no no we
want an actual cake that's already made
weirdo keep your eyes there for
Christmas cake Eduardo Christmas mince
pies mince pies ice pies we're firm
where I got them our dough Christmas
cakes
what have you got there you're not
getting a giant Despicable Me minion
cake no no at some point I have to put
my foot down okay I think you've got
everything else your dream your dream
more okay we got just the basics all
right just the basics did we just get
just the basics yeah yep definitely just
the basics to do now come on you spot
daddy's car oh good spot mr. let's get
all your loot in here you pick some
interesting things Eduardo run your
shopping Eduardo did you buy any treats
I won't think yeah we'll say no what did
you buy Eduardo okay we did it and I am
now sitting on the throne it's gonna f
wrong
loads of things but they're all secrets
okay
you can't show mommy did you guys give
any treats in the shop just just the
basics
yeah oh we didn't even get the basics
nothing
the shop was closed the shop was closed
yeah Morrison's is closed guys weirdo
Morrison's is close doesn't it yeah no
that's a look
did you see do you want to hear somebody
do I hear a little somebody talking to
me hmm
in my microphone somebody yeah oh thank
you you know somebody hmm hello did you
have a nice sleep did you have a nice
and neat you as it is sleepy sleep time
sleep time everybody's in daddy's office
and we're play more of a horizon lads if
you're a PlayStation 4 friend
horizon you dawn if you like that kind
of game if you like like a crazy mystery
in Oh her duck going it's in the kitchen
it's in the kitchen go get it in the
kitchen the president that we didn't buy
horizon you Don amazing amazing
definitely recommended and the kids
think they're watching cartoons
oh that well for everybody involved it's
a surprise that I see yeah
that's it
because wardo got you right I've got you
got you I'm opening it it's dinner time
were filming and the Little Mix is that
that that's party party
 are you gonna pick so nice you have
quite the selection so foxy lady you
have a Miss devious twinkle in your eye
what are you up to well says owl and she
tells penguin her secret plan Saturday
night I'm emptying nappies in the bin be
my baby makes recycling it's fecal
matter become an if you recycle fecal
matter all right mr. mr. poo pants
mister full of poo poos
okay wait sit take out the whole the
whole jalopy
alright hey pop Saturday night
mmm pimp you in the band be my baby I
bet you your Saturday night is not
compared to my Saturday night lads
oh thanks Neil
you know he's laying my son of a gun are
my doggy
son of a gun thing yeah stay with me
stay with me friends oh it stinks
oh right light bread lads
the central disc and I knew there are
doggies as well flip-flops nuts yeah oh
snap
