women frenzy going to be we're going in
a beach we're gonna stand a Monica can
you say Santa Monica send to Santa Claus
Santa Claus Monica but before we do that
we did not realize it was quite
difficult to get around with car seats
and rented cars and stuff so he decided
to ioniq Santa Monica so you decided to
rent a car a big American Merc car it
could be terrifying driving on the other
side of the road in America or it could
be fun
we're gonna find out soon huh so we're
gonna go up and collect the car and
we'll come back it's like the kid said
we're gonna go to Santa Monica Pier huh
then we're gonna put you to work busking
this is my midday snack daytime routine
I'm in my organic pistachio nuts in this
stuff Powerade it's really tasty it's
really good but as the Sachi Oh nuts YUM
they're so tasty dad's just waiting here
for ya for the car to come collect us to
go pick up the car so this is the car
that we've rented it's something small
for the kids you know bigger this take
it's nuts
it's like a wrist like a rolls-royce but
like a coupe phantom or somewhere I've
actually seen Paul have one of these in
this video a while ago and I'd say
almost like I'm on Oh what the hell was
that car was so cool like it cuz it's
like a roller but it's meant oh it's so
cool it's like cars fighting every day
there's like a cool car parked outside
the front of this hotel
alright we picked up the car the
steering wheels on the wrong side I'm
not sure what's going on here that's
surely this is gonna be exciting we have
the Sat Nav which you'll be able to find
their way home
there's something wrong with the
gearstick it's it's very pet oh it's
weird your your sense of isn't it is so
weird isn't it doing I'm a passenger but
I'm driving I'm a driving passenger
we're all back we are changed into more
appropriate Beach where we're heading to
the beach we're gonna do a quick video
for another Channel all right here in
this beautiful garden it's so hot today
that it's beyond ideas like 170 million
degrees all aboard
gonna be exciting okay Santa Monica here
we come
Santa Monica Pier is so hot it's even
hotter than hot what's what's hotter
than hot what's beyond hot you know it's
hot and there's this melted
I think it's melted let's go let's go
people
no messing around here I recommend his
head over toward it's like down there
so maybe should we cross this thing met
some friends in Santa Monica a little
car so weird right if you look at this
venue guys I've never been to LA before
I've never been around here but I play
Grand Theft Auto a lot and I know my way
around from playing Grand Theft Auto
racers did appear with the car park the
four-inch underneath that road like
let's do it our road leads up like look
at the police car it's so cool it's like
a real please courage of course it would
be novelty okay
a couple of people here a couple of
people here I thought Brighton was busy
met another friend hi friend
this is ridiculous okay
I know my way around from playing Grand
Theft Auto see mom
pewter games which are educational oh no
straight ahead straight there whatever
somewhere to eat I really want Mexican
food like proper Mexican food boy you
just gotta find the right place you know
maybe tapped in be like inside inside
source to help us oh my goodness you're
just gonna it's just over that was crazy
she was like something like you did
split Tucson Maya this is so cool it was
like it's like out of a movie or
something it was really pretty it was
really fit oh my god you walk in that
it's like bouncy walk wallet wall floor
there's the rings rings OH
season phantoms you could do it okay
someone's going for it okay - okay guys
I'm running you down here come a long
way just to do this I need to show you
guys something it's like super famous I
don't know if you guys will notice it
you ready living it up at the Hotel
California
such a lonely place oh my god everyone's
taking pictures of it
that's so cool like that's the Hotel
California from the from the songs
itself huh
it's so cool as it affirms like
world-famous not that waiting for me now
we're getting food I was like I have to
go I have to see it
that's I'm moving inside of mine again
it's a movie thing it's so sunny and
amazing and I think this is the place
for me for like the killzone
I don't know I'm torn I'm an ocean man
like the ocean is the way and he's
eating crayons
you haven't crayons for lunch no man
really tasty
chameleon Eduardo and completely
different sleep schedule right right I
got some nachos this is not actually
lunch I just got some cuz I was like I
wanted to try nachos these are all for
you right now I was actually thinking I
was gonna get like a small amended
nachos not like a giant tub of nachos I
mean it's a weight she's having what do
you have in you say quesadilla
quesadilla fries it's the right this was
amazing was that amazing this was
amazing our table wasn't big enough
pointing around a burger it why not I'd
swap them only it wires me favorite team
squawk how's that working out I do like
this in America right um kids always get
like this little carton whenever you get
a kid's meal you know it's pretty cute
isn't it
I like that yeah yeah and some some
Wolfers wolf they're chanting past the
glass of water
gray angles angulas no crayon below and
the picture wasn't right
you can just if anything eyes like if
you don't want to finish are you full
okay you want to put your feet in the
sand
yeah of the beach lose your face you
want to put your sand in the beach what
is why not even me
I know hold on yeah but first we have to
take we have to finish our dinner then
we have to go to the beach then we take
our sandals off and then we put our feet
in the sand how are you is everybody
else tenacious I think while still
eating okay we are out and about hotel
they're really nice
we ended up talking about the laws
change anything about to be done a
couple of times so far all right we're
gonna swing Oh or just these things over
here look at these pole things do you
want to walk in a pole Oh is it hot is
this sound too hard for you all right
hold on this can't be too hard life it
looks like a fight baby
California was a swing across I think no
I don't think it's for adults guys and
you're too low to the crap no that one's
for adults this is for children
we met some friends on the pier hi look
at this sure I'll be one of these for so
long no good door
a little man 14 okay
you get six of them yeah he's so funny
like could you imagine imagine a double
stroller for six strollers for the dogs
thank you
so we obviously left at first
exactly right time you just got the card
storage size yeah
yes so bad I apologize but everyone I
met that I said that about the rain
we're all really thankful that we
brought the rain because they have a
drought
yeah but it's just so funny that it's
one we're here like it's sunny
California yeah you get rain any time
one at home yeah so we're back at the
hotel the kids are playing we got lots
of toys from friends today I mean they
got a makeup collection but Eduardo
wants to it right I got a truck but he's
not interested in it we also got some
clothes and toys and why don't got a
watch cool
I mean you got a watch too somewhere
under here not sure where it's gone
do you like the makeup do you like it oh
oh wait is that gonna come out let me
get that for you what did you girls got
him a big packet enjoy raisins you like
raisins yeah you want a reason you want
they ain't opening so Keola you like
these
are they sweeties
it is didn't wake up oh my god she is
still awake
I dunno oh really I don't know if I
actually need makeup right now do I
so lemme get ready for boy you get ready
for a ball he talks about my nose okay
thank thank you then what's next
oh yeah Oh Oh my head I'm why am i
beautiful not yet not yet
I'm not beautiful yet okay
oh my gun no oh
oh that's a unique placement I'm we're
done
am I done
where are those raisins right there
thank you madam am i finished now please
thank you I'm a guy mad or anything
meter career career come with me come
here I need to show you you need to you
need to come here what do you think show
mommy
show mommy show mommy you wanna put your
watch on yeah yeah
that child is a destined entertaining
superstar she is so funny like and she's
just rubber to make you fall over her
face like and then Eduardo as well like
I said dad look what have you done to my
son he's like you didn't want to play
with his trucks and his toys he just
wanted to play or makeup I think he's
like he just wanted he just wants to
play whatever if she wants better I bet
if we had a boy first and then Emilia
was like the girl or sorry she was
second she would totally just want to
play with all the doir those toys anyway
I hope you enjoyed today's video we
certainly had fun in Santa Monica and
tomorrow will be another fun adventure
so forget to like the video favorite
video or whatever comments and
subscriptions and all those wonderful
things I'll see you at tomorrow bye
