good morning friends from the city
almost on killers we got some food kids
woke up at 6:00 a.m. this morning we're
gonna call that progress this is Trey
yesterday
why that's cream that's cream you can't
have cream now where's your one
yum-yum-yum you are milk in it ah let me
hold it up mommy will put the milk in Oh
yum yum yum yum yum yum yum you excited
mama would you mind
no not Jemima today rhyme is that
nursery today
why is a mystery on Monday yeah so we're
heading down to the shop because we get
our minds sneaky yeah well our minds or
our floaties as they call them in
America watch your step
ok cut your hair cut you here ok Oh
where's the button going down
no the down button Oh No now we're gonna
have to go up and down up down all
together around come on over you want to
press the button ok press the L button
very good oh my goodness I look you can
actually see the Hollywood sign look
give me half their the distance but it's
the fog and stuff that I wasn't able to
see truth
that's so cool isn't it we're really far
away but that's really cool I just
noticed there's a balcony I was like
wait a second
that's cool ok I'm off to the gym Bob
Jones and then I'm gonna meet the kids
and at the pool when Ana afterwards that
is so cool
really a closerto looks amazing though
we should get one in the Surrey Hills
Ciccone jollies
oh I was busy work at lunch oh my god
now I'm gonna go and enjoy this time oh
my goodness so while I was at I was on
the runner thing right and there's a
window looking at here it rained it was
raining I wonder go that is hilarious
cuz I don't know I don't know my facts
about the United States but as far as I
know California was having some sort of
a drought because I don't know if it
hasn't rained or a lot of here or
something but I was like oh my goodness
like seriously
the Irish arrived and the rain comes the
next day hey the rainfall rate about 10
minutes boy dad thought was kind of
funny I told everyone to meet me down
here
nobody's here I'm pooper scoop the
humidity is high here so hard it's yeah
get your groove on I found a family
member in wardo and a wife mm-hmm why
are we going I'll shop probably have
shops eating goggles and tsunamis whoo
the elevators in America I remember a
phone I don't so much faster in average
the UK are they okay it's an odd thing
to notice but it's like what said whoa
here are my legs I can cover the entire
body just cracked
alright wardo I'm gonna go for a swim
England 14 we weren't able to secure any
harm but or boats or toys or anything
what I'm waiting we have to be very well
weak raffle I like your little ponytail
you're rocking it's at your California
ponytail yeah that's your point hell now
I pretty sure this is going to be harsh
yeah that's looks like it's pool
temperature okay
step in it's a little bit cold
it's raining okay abandon ship abandon
ship abandon ship go oh come on come on
come on
who said it'll rain in California Amelia
come on come on run don't run
walk with very no run but run my
slippers okay take him my slips my
slippers take the child
I am seriously California
sir I do apologize if the Irish have
come to LA and brought the rain with
them
sorry about that arias
yeah
yeah what is it you call field it's not
it actually not decode ready we're gonna
go into water water ready I'm about to
good boy one step
two steps trees deftly this is home
family's swimming ready we always wonder
No
getting on the hospital
yeah let's go in the womb one ready that
nice no okay that's too hot
good ones too cold this one's too high
hmm which one you want
look son oh you then nice nice and cozy
yeah yeah yeah
as I've broken my children that you use
the hot tubs I was mental right so my
phone will start making this crazy sound
and also what is that too much looking
at in the hotel look at this thing
I got an Amber Alert on the phone look
cuz obviously like this oops this m-cars
I'm this person they're looking for this
person is not mad though like how's the
Tour de France IDO Chris Froome says
expected but like it's not matter like
everyone's phone the county must go off
and here to sing Amber Alert it's crazy
I don't even I don't know what it was
like what's going on myself on making
aware it's a slippy park that is so cool
look at this thing right look see this
garden sitting in the bottom and see
it's actually like a power line but they
disguised it as a tree to make it look
pretty
that's amazing the Californians yeah are
all of these trees like are any of them
real uh-huh that is such a good idea
though isn't it because it doesn't look
ugly it looks really pretty it is a good
idea but it's so like Chris is teaching
I feel like ah we want to climb the tree
this isn't actually a pavement what is
this is it
what's it that's real it's cool though
look we're at Westfield but isn't that
font and everything just like Western in
the UK that's weird
except we don't have a Macy's all right
we have common to some outdoor Westfield
Mall what oh my goodness wet on them
kids more sleep or last a while they
just woken up there I would have it
again yeah we got some chicken ramen
from this Asian place
agent ramen I've got this thing is I was
really nice kids are having a nice
toasted sandwich is it hot today it's
very very hot and I want to know what
you got toasted or something it's been a
trap
and you like this outdoor mall thing you
should do this with blue water except it
would rain too much to be a problem then
everyone's car purrs but this is for
Alfie because look dude has the shoes
that awful really wants got a design by
Kanye or something anyway it is raining
again again I apologize California or
maybe it's a good thing I'm not sure
it's raining is it raining you're gonna
wipe your face it's raining did you get
to make your own yeah you just like okay
me did you make your own one did you
make that yourself
yeah right I'll get one it's cooler oh
you just like for whatever you want on a
favor maple doughnut french vanilla
I mean you want some fruit near one if
you think no doesn't candy what is in
place this isn't me
oh my god guys the rainbow over here
we're gonna walk through a rainbow
you ready walks you to rainbow rock true
rainbow so we picked up some flip-flop
for Eduardo and for Amelia
do you like them yeah
pony for big girls but y know we got you
some too water keeps taking his off
though yeah oh thank you our dough so
you ready to go to our friends house
won't it be nice if he wears flip-flops
okay yeah let it take oh yeah hey did he
take your flip-flops off I'm sure what
more delicious is doing here more
delicious more delicious
where does yummy what's wrong tell me
tell me all your problems in life one
day he knocked over to Ben what
oh boy I see something really funny
right - knock on the door try and catch
first behind Kevin what
oh let's go so we're on taxi on our way
look at this rain
I don't have any much of a pool party
situation
wouldn't hang out but I Gump an√≠bal
this Rangers go feel like we might have
brought us
we write down
picture
all right we're actually at feeling
Lindsey's it's filling zjb very
antisocial over there and if all of the
pieces
trials out there's like so many kids
here but I think I asked cause I gave me
like an American pizza fail which one's
the American California feedback well
there's no hopefully there is no such
thing as California pizza is there any
garbage but let's say you got white
peeps works for free industries and
margarita
would you say when we try it for the
most American experience most American
we the deep fried and that sausages or
something to be private Winkie yeah oh
you know why you asked me that's right
you always have to eat like healthy food
yeah not the garbage they allow us video
I would say so
oh that this one alright thanks for you
okay yeah there's no bacon yeah yeah
your little bacon yes are you doing if
you're representing United States oh wow
okay we have a drought oh my goodness
look it is there's now a flash flood
warning
I'm sorry we've come to California and
brought with us look if you look right
up here the lunch broken sorry about
sorry sorry about that
any children are they staying here
alright everyone's gonna jump off at the
same time alright
I'm tree tree hello say hi you don't
ride the bus did it suck no no this will
be like weird for children
Oh shudders this is already like I'm
down for it I'm ready for it yeah oh
stop that imagine like Bart quadruplets
me or twin quadruplets is that a thing
only gonna second of all you know uh get
the dogs on Oh Oh - KB yeah we're back
at the hotel
Hopewell
I wanna know mmm-hmm come on this wait I
mean it this way
don't get squished alright we are back
in the hotel room everyone's tired are
you tired yeah yeah did you have fun
today we're your friends
yeah don't do a sad face did you get a
mermaid did you get a new mermaid toy
where did you get that who gave it to
you you got you - mermaid toys was it
daddy
yeah I could daddy loves you mm-hmm all
right that's we're gonna go and say good
night
say good night friends mmm
you see you tomorrow for another fun day
hopefully it's not raining and
thunderstorm eating today tomorrow hmm
for me as tired alright see you guys
tomorrow
say bye friends I certainly didn't
expect a rain storm when I packed my
clothes for all right I don't know if
you noticed it when I cook when I cooked
it up it I was in the taxi I actually
had to buy one and I buy I think is like
a California putty or something in like
the gift shop to do so ready how cool is
that and say look order the little
raisin round he does love his raisins he
does love his raises anyway thanks so
much for watching today's video that's
really quiet again because the kids are
asleep hope you enjoyed it leave us a
nice comment a subscription OHS and I
will see you guys tomorrow bye
