good morning Amelia wait I didn't even
know this morning time what time is in
the media Oh time to go so I mean it
right I woke up around half 3 a.m. here
which is about maybe 11 or 12 at home
already
rock and roll pray pray for jet lag whoo
yes it's now hot for we're watching some
Mickey Mouse Clubhouse we can't get
breakfast training because obviously
it's hot for a morning you're gonna eat
the bread what Fred Oh daddy spread some
weight Caesar salad last night no no no
no no no well order some breakfast soon
okay it's just everyone's asleep right
now first American breakfast Oh some
Irish porridge when in eight America
eats at Myers Park look what I got here
oh look inside that white food what is
that oh my gosh I announce you got is
perfect thing look at that mmm chopped
wood Eduardo get oh look at this little
collection same oh that's pretty for
your part yeah going okay outside and
check this pool thing on here huh oh
don't walking away but walk in the West
yes I did steal
it's my trademark huh don't walk in a
wet I will not be fun but it looks nice
doesn't it yeah I always tell mommy
daddy's favorite you don't want to go in
there come on we're just gonna walk
right let's look over here
we'll have a look at the view no whoa
what is it you got very hot daddy was
like one of them at home he'll be nice
wouldn't it
where we have with them at home you
would I try when I put you in no no I
can't
Oh too hot for Amelia would you like
this pool over here Wow that one looks
nice we're gonna have a race you every
which way
Oh No I've got ahead of you is your
pants falling down oh is that why you
didn't run fast so Amelia has been busy
with the old sugar and salt packages
what do you make it nothing is why I'm
making a mess oh my goodness
yeah he's rude he's rude rude it wardo
nothing like me though yeah like all or
nothing all right folks let's get ready
to go so we're just waiting in reception
because the car company that'll be
driving us around and stuff they need to
go in a rent car seats for as long as
we're here we can smear car seats or
just waiting for us organized but Amelia
she's through the show even a show oh is
that where Mickey goes now it's Sophia
going over there as well
get these damage they Mickey's in the
tree today
Ricky came back oh so it's quite handy
because they brought my car here I'm
just kind of cool do you guys think I
just thought I don't know that if
everyone's going to fit into it
come on try and get the stroller in you
guys can jump in the g-wagon I'll blow
around in the Lambo not giving me a hard
time because I didn't know what a block
was didn't know we could figure it out I
know but I did the guy who's like you
like go four blocks up that way and I
was just like well what's a block and he
was like all when a road ends and in
another road begins so I was like I mean
like four turns and then I don't give me
a hard time like everyone in the world
knows our block is it's like no it's not
no it's not no it's not
sisters are just people out there like
me I'm gonna start a community this is a
plot we have now completed block one is
we've now comforted now we're moving on
to block 2
I have a new plan rightlook rent a car
alright look at this McLaren what sighs
it's not a p1 boom I'm gonna rent this
one on Monday then I'm gonna rent this
one on Tuesday then we're gonna bring
the kids around we'll get this one for
the kids and then you know let's go
American let's try an old American car
you know and then to go to VidCon we
just take the old Porsche there boom
that's the plan
oh this couple of rollers in there as
well rollers that's what the cool kids
call the rolls-royce motors yeah Pollock
is a Ghibli sorry I don't even know if
that's a real fish that's like American
fish look like this thing
that is so crazy there
and so cool it's so cool
that's the coolest fishing or is he
that's arrives oh no I am I'm concerned
that I'm is shopping in your day or
drive but look how pretty it is
oh my goodness it's so cool-looking look
why does this particular crossing almost
lead you into the Herme shop look at it
it's like leading you and now they're
actually opening the doors it has the
light change is like a look at Dodge
Viper cool when that when a driver goes
to school haffley's don't look it's so
good Oh gentlemen Eduardo I know we
always make another one in Beverly Hills
we're gonna forget it taxis around here
crazy you get a big rolls-royce like Oh
nuts ozone it if I had a big rolls you
like that you know I think I would make
it yellow I think it's for the shop
oh is it set on the season set pshew
oh maybe we got loads of clothes for the
kiddies you don't even appreciate it no
you're not let in there we're gonna look
at these stores listen their faces so we
ain't no frightened
oh yeah how's the right be frightened
somehow we've ended up here I'm not
really sure what's going on how think I
was tricked
yeah do you want to see mommy movies are
gonna bags get you out you want to walk
and you want me to carry you
yeah okay so we were just update
straight all the gold wrapped huh hey we
were just up the street here and
everybody start taking photographs of
the street so we worked a straight bunch
of what's called yeah Rodeo Drive or
something like that but everyone was
taking picture of it look like gold cart
look at that that's what I should do
when I hit a million subscribers that
should have got one of them huh now
we're just looking for somewhere to eat
we're on Rodeo Drive and Wilshire
Boulevard where they meet together from
become one
all right let's figure out where to go
press the button that's what the Beverly
Wilshire that's the hotel hotel from
pepper from a pretty woman so she must
have went up then to Rodeo Drive which
is all iron you get the Commission yes
we're kind of ringing the tone of
everything goes down a little bit here a
little fun
hello caught an email show pose for it
snow white snow I know what you want the
ticket book oh my goodness I take a
little picture pan I got our fix
No
cute huh you wanna take a picture with
her yeah yeah you wanna take a picture
here Devin you take sister zombie to my
phone yeah just hold her hair and then
how about this so cute then you guys are
overdoing this in your kid chasing and
yrr has had one of those loopy things
that we could run around it and we would
always do this big the tournament
started ish the monster the monster come
on start sobbing Marta Oh one of the
monster turned around and went the other
way
oh yeah oh oh oh yeah where does dad why
does dad why does Bartle getting a
Brunson hey loves it so much fun so it's
a couple hours later media is struggling
you struggling friends yeah
so avoid oh I feel like drag them away
you just did not wake up check I guess
real folks let me get to do it all over
again when we get home huh
he is not talking to me she's like it
straight five good morning dad why are
we in a pool astrayed live in the
morning
so what you thinking nah I think of
anything alright let's try and see if
you consider time bi-directional raise
babies on either side probably cancel my
look at that oh dear Center I lay all
the way over there see the call little
buildings downtown downtown downtown
Disney the thing is on the other side of
that thing it's ready on the other side
of that that's so cool though you can
use always thought we could see the
Hollywood
oh do not I just don't even know where
it is that's the problem
Oh Oh is it over there
for me I mean yeah thank you thanks so
much
you did it order order for something
mm-hmm the best problem one is uh uh-huh
it's Sookie doesn't it yeah it'll be
banished hey what is this thing sure I
should do I should get Lowe's and stuff
and do that I'm American candy tag thing
you know we like try American candy look
at Almond Joy you know that is heard of
Hershey's I think white sneakers some
weird stuff here that's why it's not
where it's very normal American people's
welcome to cool huh
ooh she be American no time what you do
have one of those okay when I think of
California La Jolla comes to mind sushi
because everybody on Instagram or
whatever is always like I was eating
sushi
I'm never eating sushi that's so I
figured this would be the moment this
would be the right place now upon
ordering it I didn't even understand was
getting myself in it because there was
multiple questions which I didn't know
was gonna happen
here we go I asked for Californian well
I hope I've chosen wisely
like it yeah my goodness look at Amelia
she has like a little ponytail going on
look at her huh he's such a little grown
up girl
so cute oh my gosh we have eaten too
much food America you and your food it's
so good yeah are you let's go inside
look at you're so cute oh you wanna
press the button press all the boys yeah
oh well okay wired has had a bit too
much right has had too much oh are you
how cool looking is that skyline
isn't that so cool get some Zumba chair
because it is so cool
okay I don't know it sounds monkey but
you can't really see the mountains not
so cool i what
okay good to be careful all right here
okay you just happen to look at the view
hmm it's me right yeah yeah you don't
want to fall out huh
we're just gonna I was just gonna say
good night to our friends you want to
save my friends yeah and also today is a
it would bark as I party pronounce that
wrong so on Twitter so ham blade wide
Mubarak anyway I'm celebrating all I'm
Muslim friends carrot slaw you can't
fall yeah the guys had a good day huh
did you have fun yeah we had a good day
today
oh pulses Wow
oh no our suitcases down there no we do
okay well let's go hey how about you
don't wake up at 3:00 a.m. do you think
you want to go and sleep all night
tonight
Oh suitcases down there together we
doing if you got them back yes
daddy daddy he could go to red goblin
friends he whines for watching
no we don't want to be late should they
hit any buttons oh right it tells no
food what - yeah we're I we don't want
to fall no ring explain to me leash now
that atom bomb is because she's a
climber and that it's not happy anyway
let's get out of here tomorrow we're
hanging out with our friends in
California you excited yeah okay come on
let's go let's go
alright see you guys there bye alright
the kids are in bed so I have to be
super quiet but that was such a fun day
today oh my goodness what release
tonight to me about our like this area
that we're staying it is it so clean
like the roads or so I can see why
everybody likes skateboards right here
or uses that little traveling thing that
Alfie has and I was like just make any
sense where we live it makes sense here
because the pavements are so neat and
tidy and clean oh my goodness lives like
we live at Edison aerials I could
totally see myself living in Beverly
Hills
maybe that's gonna be your 7 we moved to
Beverly Hills anyway hope you enjoyed
today's video given know like a comment
maybe a subscription and I'll see you
guys tomorrow but
