one more sleep wardo one more sleep
that's all it is is it are you helping
tidying up yeah where we've kind of
taught today we were going but it turns
out it's one more sleep somewhere here
the dog so funny could you imagine we
have I I should go to Disney and no one
asked that question when you're actually
going and then we all go to the airport
this morning know your plates out there
it's okay
thankfully amelia is not too old that
she doesn't realize that is it oh thank
you thank you
oh that's your beau cleaning up
everybody
oh you can't beware of 20 there no
that's Amelia toys is the process in the
process let's y'all help tidy your toys
up yeah you can you can't we can't close
until your toys are tidied up we are off
to buy some new suitcase
seems we're not traveling today oh my oh
there's your car no yeah so everything
is like delayed by a day and it's so
funny because the kids are having the
exact same lunch they had yesterday
everyone's like doing pretty much my
traveling clothes I'm wearing working it
close again because I'm kind of like
save my outfit yeah it's just like a
copy of yesterday's that happen yeah but
I say it on a plane it's it's a bit um
less exciting okay I think we're sorted
now we're looking for these are the
suitcase I think we're gonna go it carry
like cuz they're like to carry
apparently those people's look to have
these wheels you can just like read
along makes a difference you think so
I like them cause they're padded I think
that's cool yeah I'm sold in the package
one about the kids
are they just using him well dudes on
slick what I said to the red ones and
interview tequila ones at the front
oh really I got something oh it's not
gonna get a pink strap oh it's just not
gonna work because to be here we have no
food so we have to get a smaller man to
meet the small amount of red and it
doesn't need me nicely established Gina
and I can or fresh okay well you get
some tuna big Turner I love the little
look the onion and bagel ones over there
well let's pick a mix it's a freedom huh
our forefathers fought for our freedom
so we can have a mixture of red rose you
know I'm sorry too busy sending massages
getting massages nice oh I oh my
goodness okay there's no actual there's
a loophole in our problem there is no
actual bags
oh really yeah oh yeah
somewhere else does California have a
jungle problems meets jungle spray yeah
maybe
here's a 50 it's a spray as well 50 yeah
i go to i go to 15 and it goes with a
castor oil put in your coin she's
brought into the voyage through the
picture no that's that's ultra radiant
most because you know who told you go it
that extra 50 P is gonna get your tan at
50p better tan
oh so tender alright for us we need we
have lunch we have Sun cream what else
could we possibly need hi are you ready
to go we got these for the head Mickey
and them oh can I can I wait your mom
show me your boobs
you ready to go mister what is that
we're just checking in online check-in
mister why you want to come and help me
all right come on all aboard you want to
help - all right we're checking in
where's your passport please
oh let me just check your passport I'm
not sure if this qualifies as a pasta
port a oh thank you are no I was looking
for that plate everywhere let's just go
help me but over there for fun you want
to bring it to bed
okay well I need to go check us in so we
can go into flight if you want to go
have a snooze what do you reckon
that sounds like a plan to me Eduardo is
heading there to window so I have no
idea what I'm making I just made up
using contents of the fridge and freezer
so I defrosted some mints that we had
mincemeat mitts beef I think I think it
was beef not lamb pretty sure with me
then I've got some Brown pasta some
whole-wheat pasta which actually looks
really good
I really like the whole-wheat now I used
to think that I didn't like it well
actually it is a thing for me and I've
got okay so I got this right of chewy
which is basically just like tomatoes
and Mediterranean vegetables and stuff
like that
and then I have some Mediterranean
vegetables pasta sauce organic and
that's when I put in some pepper because
we needed to use up some peppers that
were really a fridge and this is fully
done I used some onion which is frozen
like chopped onion that I had in the
freezer and that's kind of what I made
but of olive oil I made I think it's
kind of like a polonaise but not really
on a slash tomato and then cheese sauce
I don't know let me taste this taste
authentic we're pretty much done this is
the funny thing about leaving stuff in
the last minute you know it's like yeah
we finally find in the last video you're
like hey wait a second where is one pair
of socks enough for third time I mean do
people wear socks yeah just turn them
inside outside every second day boom
problem solved this little fella here is
a fast mover alright anyway we're sorted
I got a pink sock you certainly made
enough for everyone okay well you can
bring under the plane tomorrow
underneath everyone sees top : get it
fresh oh we got it
oh there now alright lads
why don't I have to do something
is that cool you sure do that for 12
hours on the plane tomorrow everyone
will love you know it's cuz it only
works in Mario's one doesn't work on
Sofia only works on cars do why not make
the noises yeah oh oh I'm gonna bring my
bike because I heard the Hollywood Hills
are lovely but they are actually I buy
the Hollywood sign this for everyone
kinda walks and stuff it looks really
nice I would love to take a bike up
there anyway
hello my friend mount mm-hmm look at
this thing it's for hanging your bags
off it isn't that cool I left it here to
air it out cuz them you know like new
things dark a little bit stinky
sometimes so I left it here and I
actually see the smell has dissipated
yeah that's not what I came here for I
need to get there's a shoe there's a
shoe in here there's a shoe in here I
don't know if you can't hear me a little
shoe but I'm coming for you don't be
disheartened you're not being left alone
you coming with me and we're going hmm
Susanna where is the shoe who is this
show his lies and his shoe Liza tell me
shoe lies there was no shoe lies oh
there was no shoe lace that's funny
externa hot tub of hot oil is that 4000
job in what the hell was that
I can catch the tummy attentive tempted
last his wife
I found your shoes wait what you
transferring you know there's so much
better anything there's so much more
space in them that's the best thing that
you can actually we're living on
sometimes you got like a double stroller
and you've got all the bags all right
you like hanging behind me and now you
can put them all together in one hand
you can almost like control other Wow
cool it's well cool
oh look you got free cardboard bonus oh
my good look at me look at me like he's
gone off to a festival the fedora is out
a fedora but this makes him look like
he's going on a festival or something
yeah yeah I know knows more room for
presents yeah / Rises we're gonna fill
note we're gonna feel most of Disney in
these bags in the way home no we decided
a new plan of action you get it wired Oh
more prizes than arena because all the
toys in this house are Amelia's no
Eduardo put you aren't you on prizes did
you hear the prize talk do your packing
media don't forget your shoes Amenia do
you love hats
you love hats yeah okay that hat inside
yeah you love that sister oh I think I
found a bag and I took it out and he
just he was like like he's like a hot
guy without anyone out
when you are in a hurry going to your
heartache - we're going to holidays I am
ready to go I am dressed appropriately
I've got my headphones which are
actually noise cancelling I've got my
cushiony thing and my hat we are ready
we are ready to go on holidays yeah you
need to wear those shoes to walk
Amelia's helping me repack after
yesterday's packing situation which was
hilarious huh alright I'll need this but
there's no point in packing it in there
I need that for dual plane
lianna's I like the Santa Maria is the
devil bringing us at the silento silento
before la it's more like Krampus yeah
yeah oh wait oh wait is coming
why are those coming he'll be coming
round Mountain when he comes yeah he'll
be coming around macton coming round man
tomorrow come where'd it go he's a bard
oh he's a cowboy he is sister is a
princess and his father is a buffoon
everybody knows his name
these are Bardot he's got little Carlos
do you think you just come in here - yes
I think you just came in here to mess
mister man mr. man miss dance - sorry
I'd miss a beat but they didn't ask me
about you um don't get around much
anymore
Danny man I think you're going to Las
Vegas lads presenting are you gonna do a
show
presenting a new - oh is this a stage
show are you gonna do a dance where's my
sorry ass come here to me winter
measures huh
I used to die when I was a kid we go
behind the curtains and do like a show
or something off my parents or probably
my parents but that's fine
Oh put off the child you bumped their
head how many sleeps till holiday time
one more sleep Oh exciting oh is it not
when you're watching this video
hopefully we'll be on a plane or we may
even be in an a no don't oh goodness
what is he going with that thing you
ready
you Rapunzel all right my friends say
see you in Disney World or Disneyland or
whatever it's called Disneyland goodbye
the kids are asleep Anna is wandering
around they have it somewhere like a
maniac thinking she forgotten everything
trying to look organized everything I
think I may be packed not 100% sure got
a finite tomorrow anyway gotta get up at
like o 5 a.m. or something madness like
that you get up at like a man hour to
rush to traffic to rush through an
airport to get checked in to rush to a
plane to sit on a seat for 12 hours
flying is weird
anyway I hope you enjoyed today's video
give it know like in a comment and a
subscription and all those wonderful
things and lads
I hope you enjoy the next pile of logs
while we're wandering around la hooligan
in Hollywood
legally Bloo Blee is envision idly wrote
that goodbye
