it's grabbing some breakfast do you know
Emilia that when our friends are
watching this in America was it Lou yeah
we can fight over T so many friends in
America lots of kisses from princesses
Wow area you know the only place called
big car as well no give me a mermaid
which mermaid when I go to kiss what's a
kissing you're gonna get lots of kisses
from our mermaid oh my goodness
yeah view she's really torn about this
he's really planned it out Avenue yeah
no need hurry up near our breakfast but
yeah we are a drink we may be out of
plane right now or we may have already
landed oh we get her stuff on quickly
yeah Archie daddy has to go into London
today
let's do a meeting with Disney how
exciting is that
and while I'm there I'll see
Oh balloon to the TV no no we gonna go a
Mickey yeah right linking dear wider
like Mickey yeah I like Minnie pretty
nice ones it's pretty Sophia yeah okay
it all rests on you having your
breakfast good girl
good morning guys I just dropped oh
sorry I didn't show them going off but I
couldn't find the camera and now I know
why it was underneath all the dogs
so looking for it everywhere I'm like I
really wanted to show them one going off
on their little adventure this morning
but they will be back at about stinks of
poo at about three o'clock today so and
then they're going off to Helens it
sings a poo because I'll be and Theo
pooed on their way up so I had to
obviously pick it up and I didn't know
um I didn't really want to ask the
groomer if I could use her bin for poo
so I took away the poop bag but still I
need open some windows so that's my
morning poop story for you ready gum
already have me go now haven't had my
breakfast yet
I'm starving I have returned from the
doctor's blood tests have all come back
negative man I am NOT gluten intolerant
I am NOT dairy intolerant or lactose
intolerant Rover that is I have we think
we've come up with what the problem is
yeah so that's that's cool but I have no
food allergies which is great no it's
just wonderful as we progress with our
we're gonna be like well I'm going to LA
tomorrow so well we're gonna we're gonna
have the nerve appointment when I when I
get back we have another plan of action
to get to the bottom of this but that's
cool
I can eat anything I want
and media was that a play place and what
happened there was mean boys and they
said don't come into your house did you
go to your house
don't listen to them huh yeah they were
mean you want to let him mean it in but
she went in and you went all the way to
the top with me oh yeah you experienced
the rough world huh we don't listen to
them hmm city boys these many boys did
you tell them you say my daddy will beat
you up Nicky shouldn't actually say that
I'll beat some ugly everyone you just
point them out okay my goodness look how
cute they look come on scooch
look how cute and fluffy and sweet they
look wait are you missing something oh
yeah I was like I can't fly erect is me
but look at this I could immediately
like this look things like this zone so
the mermaid Tommy any people and that's
so cute a little of Disney things we get
it so just find out right Franchesca
booked the wrong flight we thought we
were going to morrow right so up active
ready to go tomorrow and I didn't text
me back yet actually turns out today
after tomorrow
oops thank you for asking the question
Jessica yeah where do you find out as
like tomorrow just like know some
Thursday and I was like no it's tomorrow
oh my goodness could you imagine that's
what its gonna look like
well ask you I tell her no it's gonna be
this way
maybe actually she's gonna get disgust
then anger to enjoy he motions we're
just putting in the status meeting I was
like I can't was it Kath she's going to
her mommy and daddy I think does she
have a baby
Wow look how much packing daddy did
where are his clothes do you know what
did you say we're not going away yeah
don't you we're not going to W we're
going to Disneyland
I think she means Dublin Oh going to and
yeah no yeah not W oh no daddy's in
London not Dublin yeah
can you Jesus skinny jean yeah that one
that cool dang what they're cold that's
what they're cooled yeah yeah gady got
my daddy's yeah neither sir
okay nothing else if you need training
yeah route they're really big you think
do you think they'd fit you well done
yeah yeah oh maybe he's wearing them
they must be the black one that was a
bit heavy oh they're nice oh my dress
just turning on the TV very big yeah oh
yes look at that
yeah put that in there yeah that's for
training it
oh great thanks right that's it Oh what
else I think we're done here Amelia yeah
I think we've got everything we need oh
you know what one last thing
his heart for the Sun yeah yeah that's
it
he's ready to go okay
oh let's it but - there you go dad
so come along they are either the front
of the camera or in the back room for
some of the channels like the ones you
saw in the film before
how nice to break through I've become
incredibly successful and in this very
space firstly things you said don't
think Julie I don't the joiner tell us a
little bit by your channel your bathroom
yeah so my channel is basically we just
make video diaries of myself and my
family just sort of living our lives
I come from an actual traditional
industry background I worked in 2d
animation and production and I saw
YouTube as a possible sort of platform
that might sort of become something so I
sort of spent five years developing I
think on YouTube it's definitely
personality that you know like we we
make videos and there is a structure
there's a Naruto there's a start a
middle and then we do tell a story and
every single
video but the core of that is the
personality you know it's like it's a
human interest story no resolution
invites more participation
don't you know wowing your audience with
super fancy graphics and real clean
camerawork you know it's like I come
from a background where we would make
everything super clean and nice and then
I was sort of put on YouTube me like I'm
gonna rough it up a little bit you know
make it feel more homemade and kinder
will make your audience connect with it
that it's you know it's a two-way
relationship where you can feel like
you're looking into my life and you're a
part of my life we're on this sort of an
equal level so to make Saucony Jolie's
probably there's putting about eleven
people involved and that's me being a
director - writer producer a marketing
person appointed person to film is that
you know you kind of take on this role
of like this huge - you know you don't
feel like I'm gonna film itself on that
film me oh I got edited I'm editing it
now I'm kind of you know you just
sometimes I find you move my wife she's
sometimes you mean talking away to me
and I'm in my head you sort of land
after five years of doing it that I can
almost edit the videos as I'm actually
going along trick day you know the board
meetings are interesting you know this
is M Disney's Magical land product they
have a YouTube creators base what's on
YouTube do momen zoe and it's so cool
isn't it
can you click it leave me click it does
it work we've built the buggy look how
cool Wow yeah this is how we're gonna go
in style and I amazing buggy look how
narrow it is though yeah like for a
double that's pretty good we've lost our
driver is around here somewhere
I think I'm in London okay this is
surprising they got more adventurous as
we're going along now we're here by a
church an exciting time when we come to
London that's where you came in oh look
this a stormtrooper guy that's cool
didn't even notice it's on paper did you
I'm back from my Disney experience yeah
so it turns out we're not I should go to
LA tomorrow
what okay that's fine else everything
I'll have fine now can I have my nose
back oh thanks so much because I I
wouldn't like give you so my nose Oh
what if I take your nose I got Amelia's
nose pick it up hey if you put it back
yeah oh my goodness
all right let's say goodbye to our
friends boyfriends don't forget to hit
the poopoo button and leave a nice
comment and subscribe if you're new and
I'll see you tomorrow
roll the ends link I hope I hope it's
off to Jason here we go
a day later than I expected but we're
still going Google is really right now
oh no we're not actually or sitting at
home right now but hey we're all packed
and ready to go
it could have been worse it couldn't be
like we're actually going tonight so a
day later is like well I suppose you've
got extra time to pack no Amelia has
packed my suitcase now so I am ready to
go hope you enjoyed today's video give
know like know comment a subscription
and I'll see you too
when you watch it no no no no it's the
next look bye
