morning good morning Amelia yeah where
are we going
mother wit wardo coming murders a ballet
this morning
no is what I like ballet
coming up at Kamini I want to do right
at the comb with us this morning so I
guess the virus coming with us this
morning
huh it's bit of a rainy morning too
isn't it all aboard you gonna bring your
handbag or purse sorry sorry
silly daddy fun word - ballet she's
excited about ballet lads what's going
on mr. what's going on here hmm you
little troublemaker hey you little
troublemaker huh there's no Chrome all
over the place cause the trouble he's a
troublemaker
punk punk
ready funk funk funk valleys over and I
mean they got another certificate cray
huh
and herself of her joining the actual
Ballet School another cheap thing and
then they get an actual battle uniform
and she'd be like oh my goodness no
longer big girl baby but like you be
into actual ballet classes you like what
bangies boobie Bundy hey weirdo boobie
punky right let's go boobie Bangi so
Lucy's coming around to work out but it
is pouring gravy and it's never actually
rained in one of our workouts before so
I think we're gonna have to go in the
garage which is fine why don't we mind
Jonathan can get a little bit for me
this morning if it's really him thanks
Jonathan
and I took this picture this morning and
I wanted to show you so the one on the
left is me five weeks ago right after I
did my first training session with Lucy
and this one here is taken this morning
and you can see a difference and I know
it's are a huge difference but like look
at the little love handle things here
they're like trimmed up and I didn't I
made sure to try and kind of keep my
effort the same like it's the same
legging the same sports bra um and I
tried to keep everything like at the
same I couldn't pull this up anymore
have them at the same level and yeah
that's five weeks so if I can do it
anybody can honestly I didn't even
really diet like hard and I changed like
some things about my food like I tried
to make healthier choices and not have
dessert every single day because
definitely it was doing that and yeah
I'm resolved you know
yeah I'm just it's mainly just from
working out like that's basically what
those results are for I wouldn't have
been able to see those results if I had
just like caught calories or something I
would look skinnier but I wouldn't look
fit and I just want to feel fit I don't
want to be skinny I want to be strong
and now bring one foot in and now you
can use the hand both hands together
time that's it I'm let down and then
come all the way back and then coming up
again come up and then bring the leg up
shoot and backward I'm not good okay
random there's some chickens coming over
to the car here
okay Mina there's a chicken here who
wants to talk to you look where the
prize glass yeah there is a playground
yeah oh my goodness so many chickens
okay hold on and chicken definitely not
want me to check it that's somebody's
chickens yeah they might be looking for
them they might say hey where's my
chicken oh right we're going to need
some suitcases I see one suitcase that
could be a problem for me the lies
amuses you ever find that like Kazaam oh
my goodness was it the doublet no what's
the last one to America look the sweeps
in there
what did you do that so you can cover
debt when you find though when you
haven't used a suitcase in a while and
then you and then you take it off and
you're like oh that's right I left that
thing that's the present from America or
something or there's another little
fella oh isn't a really big phallus all
right who knows watch you look this is
thing on this one that's a where is this
the last time I use this was why is
there not focusing I do not feel like
focusing today you just you just not up
to it
London Heathrow oh that's when I went to
Madrid or Barcelona with a Casper oh
that was to be not God those were the
days that's right I'm running
but I need to go and get my meal it's so
sad
I sound like it's a poor girl but I
broke my nail this one at the park
yesterday when I was pushing it right on
the swings and like it's really long and
these are my natural nails pitch dark I
didn't know he thought they were pink
like thanks working long and hard to
clean these but yeah it split and I
think I need to like cut it off but they
need to put the gel back on so I need to
do this before usually I wouldn't be
this fussy but because we're going to LA
I need to do it before we go alright
just went for a major disinfection on
all the bikes make them super nice and
clean oh I'm getting hotter than
expected scone each OD hmm
anyway Gotti's about the fresh food so
I'm trying to like it's that much cheese
we have left well there's no couple of
packs so it's like you got to get rid of
all the fresh stuff sufficient to clean
good let's give it all the fresh sea
freshness we're gonna is gonna load it
up this is respect
oh my go just put it on like that and
extra cheesy soundbridge get moving
Amelia welcome to that next time of the
day are you waking up today I guess
you're not so I will open up your
curtains and give you a fright sorry
about this but you can't sleep in too
much it's probably because you woke up
at 5 a morning I press the wrong button
there we go
my little friend how are you little man
do you feel like waking up you feel like
waking up wake up it's a beautiful
morning we got up in the saddle again
and don't worry
can catch some sleep on the plane I want
my goodness my nutrition is an actual
angel she saved it do you see this
she probably acrylic on filling it in
and said that makes my little life be
thrown out
she actually saved me Kiki Wicky Wicky
Wicky Wicky eggs and Bakey wakey wakey
eggs and Bakey
what was in your pan Amenia white house
in your bed boys wardo in your bed Oh No
hello careful oh no teacher sister too
hard are you staying in bed did you
sleep with your handbag she fall asleep
with your handbag you're not wearing a
pair of high heels as well are you oh
are those off or doze off you coming
when you catch the bus you want to catch
the bus yeah come on quickly the bus is
leaving I'm the boss by the way come on
quickly the bus is leaving
all apart
Oh what long depends on 2 - 3 - 4 - 4 -
yeah if you do rotation
whoa you got loads of teachers in the
Tootsie box
yeah Wow
no did um are you gonna bring them all
with you on holidays yeah
round your class loads of colors Oh
what's your favorite color pink what's
daddy's favorite color
what's mommy's favorite color yellow
what Eduardo's favorite color pink yep
they're blue
what's Zoey's favorite color what white
hmm what's Alfie's favorite color okay
yeah
black with me me enough you have the
same color oh that's cool
earlier I my sister viola tirado what's
your sister's favorite color
oh do you not know yet what's your
sister's name already came walking in
with this where's that gonna mean a
virgin Sophia so be in a second or just
came in with this pepper more pepper
you wear headbanger this is how you know
Eduardo's head your phone
two minutes imagine luck 10:00 to 6:00
motion you disable it at six o'clock hmm
so I just asked Johnson to set the table
for me he took two months put the match
without a read it anyway I'm making
korma but I've put the quinoa and rice
in because this way the kids actually
eat it otherwise they get so picky and
they just need certain food groups and
not others and it really tries to be
crazy
so by fo fum b5 o bum
I'm gonna eat a ballerina I'm gonna eat
a ballerina help me okay thank you okay
I might need those books though you hey
say thank you
Hey Hey You you say thank you your
mother thank you oh yes Donna's
plaintiff don't know where does camping
this is not absent no since there's a
table eat your tea give us your supper
Buie
hello my name is Abigail excuse me
salted I've been assaulted I've been
assaulted word call the guard a word why
are they Co the gorilla speaking of
where to call the guard Hey look hey
look I'm trending for some reason I'm
trendy lads on my trending mofo what you
doing over here
where on your favorite toy oh no no oh
it's my name making mess this is my game
will clean you up mister man let's give
you a cleaner huh the monkey thing by
the way the monkey wrench is working
very effectively the little fella
can't even get home what's wrong
are you looking for mommy steam the
washing Pardo's got no clothes
oh no do people that never even wear
clothes huh leg today is it a popular
thing huh is this hmm
all right I am packed this is what I'm
bringing with me oh did you not like my
joke did you not like my shop Oh No and
the world's worst parent goes to me
for making a joke hmm he was laughing
when I started it those funny what is
even going on here what's even going on
here you can Leo shoot a pink okay a
pink suitcase yeah I wanna do something
funny
oh by birds see you tomorrow
don't hit our friends with your belt oh
don't hit daddy we're about writer ah oh
god yeah you got me I got you babe oh no
no no aah oh my friends see you tomorrow
hello and welcome to the end of this
video provided today by Sophie I believe
like you to look at me like a little
squeegees it rather looks a bit
mysterious in his their face they're
like making a Mis GV osseous then I hope
you enjoyed today's video presentation I
hope it was to your liking
um I think I'll make another one
tomorrow
because we're going to Los Angeles
tomorrow it's not madness lads see you
guys tomorrow
and give us know like give us no
subscription and all that kind of
malarkey and I'll see you guys tomorrow
bye
