good morning friends we are in the midst
of a chaos this is this Punk oh you're
not gonna get it you don't want it don't
want it mm-hmm siddhart is reading some
books media throwing a ball
oh and we're gonna pick an outfit
all right which one are we going for hey
mrs. mrs. magorium you wanna pick an
outfit how would I pick one for you are
you oh that sounds cool
okay I'm thinking it's a Sunday so it's
a bit of an old pitch got a guy on there
that's um right what are we thinking you
all about skinny jeans skinny jeans
building lots of skinny jeans no no no
if I can be trusted with this oh look
something soft and sort of like casual
for a Sunday huh shagg listen to me all
right I'll have to make it as they go
along
they're nice oh look at this one just
sort of fell out itself yeah the grays
and the pinks it looks like some sort of
a matching going on there a little
monkey child oh here we go
okay you need to pick a boat for me this
one what color we looking for
Oh lock lock lock a gray one what do you
think oh yeah that's just let's just go
to town here nuts let's go to town we
defined a bow that says like Oh what
about this one I love this one yeah I am
oh yeah fish big bow do you like this
one oh I like this one on you I think it
looks good no no no look this one goes
with all the gray this bowl hmm it
doesn't match though what magic - the
white opposites it's more of a kind of
an off-white though like a cream you
know do you want to try the gray one cuz
look that much is nice no is that the
one we're going with okay put it on I
don't want to set the monkey sit over
here
oh you need the brush first don't wait
to brush your hair you do need to put
the pose back into the box I mean
brochure you've such lovely hair these
days and all that all right child - nice
dress child here this is gotta be
considerably easy
no no because guardo is not as picky nor
does he have I'm thinking this is what
you'll wear today
so what are you thinking what are you
feeling today mister what are you
feeling what are you feeling
do you have any talks what's going on
over there you rolling
roly poly all right let me pick some
clothes for Wired oh good Oh what do you
have them for that's right huh Oh for
daddy - cool
it's just the airplane we're going to an
airplane in a couple of days will not be
exciting meet you an apple a
cat I'll meet you in the airport soon
okay are you making your own way there
oh okay all aboard
how many Sofia's have we got we got them
all hey wait oh how are you
we have arrived and it's lashing rain
mm-hmm that's no fun lads
anna has a jumper I'm on my own I just
have a t-shirt on brothers brillo pads
Dwight has escaped Florida has escaped
did you escape weirdo did you ask up eh
mm-hmm are you ready to go and play in
the rain like he can see it look his
face what he was looking at there Boise
yeah you see why do you want to go play
in the rain with no shoes on oh he's got
socks on yeah yeah we do no oh cool I
mean I've never been here before so you
gonna have to show me around
I really want to get like we need to get
somewhere rain stuff for LA you know
baby shoes these are kind of cool any
weights forward oh where the lilies
right it's gonna be cool in here
are they big girl wellies nice wanted to
walk around wanna play in the sandpit in
the rain mister huh it's kind of raining
but we're still gonna have fun
we still gonna have fun in the rain huh
what do you think we're two up now let's
go I mean water brought back up oh you
got a pink shovel lovely beach rather a
so cool and rainy
no it's mug you know it's like really
humid e hot had a roof under first
anyway operation pirate the kids is in
effect got there hit that and like hoods
and like rain gear on her top I think
you sure though okay this is turning
into a bit of a Tundra storm situation
so we go inside through power Javier
covertly and then please
right over here oh we can have milk in
the park oh that's nice your posture
ordered food and never get to pick it
juicy you want with that one get one for
Eduardo do you want this one look is
orange one or do you want an apple one
do you want apple juice all right you
want a straw two straws all right we get
some real lemon juice I'm gonna get a
glass come on
come on first I dress the kids off then
I ordered him white bread anyone realize
it he's had never had white bread before
daddy's making mistakes layouts about
this giant pulled pork burger thing ever
since I went to Leeds and I did that
thing with the PokePark I'm like
obsessive Beaufort you're whiter than
here
you know mr. Wei oh nice
a question on whether you sandwich blow
your mind did you and I went to soup
look up friends so good Linda Linda
Linda then then the Lynn little intense
you want a horsey are you going fast on
the horsey you gonna run around the shop
goat in the Linda Linda then you look so
cute oh can you make it work do you
think Gordo
all right way toes on it now you want to
go wit water okay climb up final board
see what okay be careful though careful
though oh you want a new pair of shoes
finalized about ten seconds
okay you ready monkey man we are home we
have changed our clothes more suitable
comfortable Sunday attire Sofia the
first and Sofia the second yeah
Oh God you've been thrown to bed all
right should we have ourselves a snoozy
jacuzzi say snoozy jacuzzi yeah what are
you gonna dream about have you decided
let me decide what you're gonna dream of
n mermaids last name you had a dream you
are a mermaid cool can I be in your
dream oh cool Who am I gonna be in the
dream I'm gonna be in your dream will I
be king trident of the sea thank you and
you're gonna be a mermaid what's mommy
gonna be a mommy made I'm her mommy why
is the mermaid where do you meet I've
had to be different type of nerds who's
this hey weirdo walking the dog is
coming come on guys
Cena's off lead come on Xena Xena but
the minute she rolls in something she's
when are we you're too slow
but slowpoke and quickie those are
really crappy nicknames but anyway
they're also not been nicknamed but yeah
seeing that loves being off lead so I
let her off because there's nobody
around today and she's got her lead on
her so I can just stand on it if she
gets too too far but it's quite rainy
today what I really want to like keep up
my fitness so I decided to go for walks
with me it's a very important day for
duardo to teach him how to play the
PlayStation ok it's really important you
learn so me and you can play some
multiplayer games you and me to up co-op
we can do some co-op missions go ahead
there hey check this out look I got a
cover for a my MacBook isn't that cool
then so cool looking it's like yeah it's
like a wrap essentially the wraps that
go on cars like wasn't it cool he just
like goes over the top but I just mean
it's so cool-looking anyway are we ready
wardo we were playing far cry the Yeti
the expansion pack ok you gonna help me
you're gonna be the spotter so this is
what I've done for a media so far these
are all her outfits including her
pajamas someone work obviously tons of
its overwatch I'm gonna have to buy some
more swimming costume just like all of
her stuff and then it weirdos I'm not
even joking
I mean if when we started hit but still
ok this is a part of history
there you go that's it weirdo by cooking
up some beef stir-fry Eduardo's root and
ran and Anna is trying on her new shoes
a teacher a teacher la she is did you
guys see Anna at VidCon this is good
this is the shoe she's getting ready
made you walk around with those it's so
cool let's get out of here we skadoosh
little man huh making up some so I'm you
know my god this is so funny so few
minutes ago I am ah it's alright happy
agrees Joffe at that point PB thing I
tweeted SJ the lols Falls
hup-two hup-two hup-two hup-two alright
you guys tomorrow good bye oh boy hey
help my neighbors immediate on that's
sort of although i suppose technically
even media grew a beard would you
actually look like me i suppose maybe a
little bit maybe a little bit I don't
know she's my daughter but daughter
lives anyway I hope you enjoyed today's
video we are in full package mode I just
have to go collect the media from
nursery in a minute it's crazy when
you're going so far away that I'm always
like I don't even packed on the last
minute but then you realize when you've
got children you kind of have to sort of
like get on the ball you know like I was
already packed and all I'm just like
I'll do it anyway the air for it totally
okay enjoy the video
I brought some happiness and enjoyment
and spectacular live them into your life
maybe give it know like an old
subscription wherever else you do
comments that's the one unless you get
sorrow right
