good morning I can my little family is
friend did you fall asleep holding toys
huh did you fall asleep holding toys hmm
bring friends I think you media fell
asleep holding toys as you do sometimes
shiver clutch it toy ball asleep did you
review your not getting up today what do
you think daddy right I can keep you oh
oh thank you I really wanted to keep you
you having a cup of tea
oh you in the Tea Party I didn't go
dad hey Dad we're saying yeah you were
staying over here yeah I get it worked
out yeah yeah you didn't it was a I was
wondering I was like where's the media I
like it
Oh tasty cup of tea in the morning
instead of coffee or tea back off man
you want some milk in your coffee what
daddy doesn't like milk in his coffee
the baby on the run Nicky baby on the
run what you gonna do oh so cute he
thinks you forgot your bow
ah say thank you right oh it's a sunny
day huh all right you hold the books let
me get your chariot
we take daddy's bike uh-huh okay we need
to you know we need to reverse it eyes
will you hold the box Amelia will you
hold the box let's not forget the flag
it came off a song nice Park job are you
in flag is on to say the queen is in her
chariot outside the princess is in her
chariot yeah sorry about that
we're here with that fun is that very
nice Drive is it enjoyable do you prefer
this to being in the car yeah I like
doing this as well you like cars that's
why daddy likes cars too
witnesses camera lights I think I might
actually bring one of the new ones with
us to VidCon but so I've come to help
Anna get her car at I'm telling you it's
so simple it's so simple it is it's one
one all you gotta do is follow the path
of this follow the yellow brick road
that I did there join me to do it and
show you or you want to do it I think
you should just try just try not to
write off both of these cars all right
so you want to go straight back a little
bit now you're gonna follow the line
over there yeah go straight it back back
okay now start turning around yeah yeah
yeah you got it you got this locker hard
though lock it hard hard yeah go
go go go go get going luck her heart
keep going
keep going
tada I recommend opening the gate how
easy was that don't over my toes that
was pretty easy right yeah you were
there the more times you do it the
better you get at it don't wear over my
toes fine
you
oh my goodness I just love just give it
up just like close your eyes point
yourself towards the Sun and just like
should turn your body like turn off
everything and just like listen
ridiculous I'm just patted I'm breaking
a new camera I haven't have a few more
days I'm breaking a new one it's
annoying too much gonna go and connect
the media but she's talking about it you
know I was like I can we're going to LA
next week it's kind of more like a
working thing you know we got VidCon and
we've got like lots of meetings in
Hollywood we're doing we're doing lots
of working stuff you know but I'm a
couple of weeks after we get back from
LA we're going off to Sorento like and I
just love you know when you're like
lying you're lying at write and it's
like a foreign country and everybody you
close your eyes I'm sitting this on and
listen and everybody's talking like a
foreign language and you can hear the
sea like kinda crashing it you can smell
the foods of where you are like Reuben
Italy obviously in Sorrento you know and
it's just like I just I'm not falling
asleep in Sun because that's kind of
dangerous for just lying there and just
like you know I mean taking everything
in which your sense is not your eyes you
know turn your eyes off and take
everything in the smells and the sounds
of your surroundings and just allow
yourself to almost meditate just like I
know it sound like an idiot right now
like a hip here though but seriously
it's just such it it just it's just like
it's just gravity I don't know I love
dinner I love dinner but difficult word
with million children but yeah I'm gonna
try anyway look like the media get some
helmets Hellmann's mayonnaise not sure
what that's doing Hellmann's mayonnaise
oh look oh where is so good though it's
really nice oh my goodness
look my window just got a bird poo
anyways I am Austin
hey I'm Dylan and I'm really excited
because
why is this not off put your carcass
um this is my la color and I getting my
hands and feet done so hard for me to
get out of the car because I parked our
Park I sit so close to the front you
know so I'm getting hands and feet done
throughout my studies talking over the
arm and again the seven cars for which I
love these colors
I remember which one
there's no messing about with the open
struggle ads you sing in the CFL
struggle with the child in the back well
she's like a teenager I'm past know when
she's like 20 and I'm collecting for the
clubs at night from mile bike
check out my divorce I love them I got
the color so called I eat mainly lobster
I'm slipping all over my sandals because
I'm more greasy from the cream but I
love this I feel like myself again the
bloom is fun oh I'm definitely more of a
coral pink red kind of girl hi mr.
Amelia's home to anyone stuck for a 10
euros look at this thing imagine paying
for something with that like how much
sit yeah sure
10 euros look at the size of this thing
there's a large 10 euros how many 10
that must be worth more than 10 euros
this is a massive anyway lunchtime in
the city well after lunch lads give me
some ideas hmm look well some it is
organic gas Pacho gas Pacha with Hellas
gazpacho who look goofy we feed a flow
to do with us gazpacho are you asleep on
a guitar is it not comfy oh that's
surprising you were thinking Atari would
be comfy to sleep on wouldn't you hmm oh
is the card in there so me Mia has
having a no nap situation that's what's
going on
always doing tons of working stuff I'll
look at my new app any trainers I got a
couple of them came in those boxes over
there but I do you like these ones and
they kind of cool they're kind of like
the other ones did huh the Alfie shoes
is immediate Arthur King is Oberon
yahushua yeah I know I like that I like
the floral print I know what happened
where oh I don't know
oh hey you know one's rights decent sir
Nike SB I don't know they can s me look
in their car or in a Janos sky Janowski
I don't know what they are
they're kind of nice and a white one and
then a diesel one someone right now and
these bad boys are pretty much the same
as two ones I'm wearing right now but
they're they're like knitted you know
sort of similar to these ones but
they're like knitted or something I
really like that knitted knitted thingy
going on here anyway I'm gonna be a
baller I'm gonna be ballin you be gone
got a bowling with the homies huh
I'm gonna sell a sleeping child you
ready for the pool party oh look at you
you actually asleep on a guitar
you're a proper rock and roller are you
can you say rock and roll black rock and
roll Emilio's also repairing me hi I'm
Harry I was asleep and Emilia was
repairing me okay hold on okay we have
selected some toys we're gonna put into
our lovely pool okay put them in we got
a flounder we got a boat and we got
Donald you know we should get we should
get some water those that's it'd be fun
all right let's get it wired Oh change
into a nice safe nappy and then we'll
jump in come on mister
almost there last step by step are we
ready are the shutters open
let's daddy test the water let's daddy
test the wall fatty
dan stares like he's so upset because
you're in and he's not he wants to go
first Amelia are duardo Mart Oh Oh on
the board and they're not be explode
because we have no sympathy for her oh
you you said what you said you'd wanna
get in I'll put you in oh is it
you don't trust daddy that's why we're
doesn't trust you why would you trust me
ah come on easy chance of family babies
under my toes jeez hmm it's a family
affair they look so cute hey yummy mommy
is make dinner so one has to make dinner
never fear the responsible parent huh
yeah
that for me yeah that's for a media
cushy the baby idea daddy oh no oh no oh
this is nothing
honey your kid oh oh oh god I'm at home
no actually mystic baby everyone else
but nah gonna have the ad jet I'm
looking to I know he's like
thank wish that one of those rapid right
things you go
ammonia's garganta turned the TV from
the kitchen here like I hope you guys
can see it
oh my god seriously you're not going to
show it is dad from the day it's frozen
on
Hey
oh did you nearly fall in yeah I
Pardo Pardo why what are you doing my
media huh oh no there's a dot on your
face it's never a good thing
cool bye
and then we all partied in the pool
until the long hours of the night
now Eduardo is screaming for me because
we're let's go we're going to learn it
some city that kids own or something I
don't know watch tomorrow's video it'll
make more sense
I like that I'd say it's pretty cool
cool dude yeah see you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching today's video don't
forget to give it know like if you're a
like or comment if you're a commenter if
you're a commentator and then subscribe
if that's your kind of thing I must be
off see you tomorrow bye
