they're having a nice sunny day I guess
what I forgot to put the bins at again
last night I'm on my own
what Amelia's watching I love that show
thanks so much
dun du du du du du du du getting ready
recycling on though or the paper one
later you can be forgiven there's a
barely Deepu in the garden alright do
pure mate do you want to watch mommy do
exercises are they fine oh boy oh boy
where are you going we can Cena from
here look I'm trying is this word
floating around the internet
the moment it just got recently sort of
readjusted and put in the dictionary I
think it's for a cool word the
definition of it is well the word is
sonder the saunder is I'd say this thing
I just tweeted there a second ago
the realization that each random
passerby is living a life as vivid and
complex as your own isn't that cool word
like go saying you know when you see if
you feel like walking around like work
everybody is like an extra and everybody
else's life is that cool
and that's good son they're awesome
instead it's on there that's really cool
you know Lucy and I are film we just
worked out that's what I look like but
we're doing a Q&A video that I'm so
excited to film so we're gonna do and be
answering your questions from an
Instagram post that I put up and a hash
tag ask Lucy and I'm so excited because
I saw so many good questions we're gonna
be really hot so I'm going up to that
room like up at the top of the heads I'm
gonna have to open all the windows but
really looking forward to this
Oh me yeah what's that thank you all
right there's a film and video and non
fitness kind of video is it what's the
video about I know um it is Fitness it's
like fitness and utricle it's a QA so
it's not like we're not actually doing
this you're not doing a workout in this
room yeah Jasmine was like maybe you
should film it first I was like no I
want to do the workout yeah I want to
cut don't have to work yeah no but I
wanted to have it done so that I didn't
have to you know yeah yeah just better
yeah okay okay bye Bardot the hats
dealer these ads theater
all right mommy and daddy have to go out
for a minute okay will you miss me
no that's a nun no would you miss me
yeah you know that's not a seat yeah all
right later Gators petrol time so I like
I get this little thing this little
hanging gain here it's not really cute
you can just like tiny little pecker
thing on it you don't have to hold it in
your hands and then we must wait here
for about yeah
Petrov's in the miles per gallon in his
car bit stingy but the smiles per gallon
are pretty legendary huh some miles per
gallon even look at miles per gallon
just checks miles per gallon that's it
you're after lads so Johnny things just
debated why he wasn't really but it was
just like hell khottabych take five just
like that's a toddler and be her parent
and toddlers parking
that was really difficult for her to add
up though I probably would be panicking
right now and have abandoned my car and
want to kill somebody
but yeah so Jonathan was like oh my can
you trust that people protecting their
to a man a friend and their camera
didn't work from Guilford camera I came
all they never know with a broken phone
who brought this guy we're going to last
need to get some greater odds because
VidCon involves a lot of walking and a
lot of standing and camera shutters that
don't worry my shoes you have so many
pairs of cool trainers and I'm not even
like wearing my trainers look I throw
these things you know I didn't have any
attempted to bail and just go for
luncheon abandoned the kids where we go
if we go would you go to Valentina do
you smell that yeah okay well let's go
today we've always wanted to go to this
workshop here
we've always been curious and wanted to
go to this workshop today today today is
today inter sport no too many you know
she's crazy I was on the phone for like
10 minutes I turn the wrenches the
psycho stuff this is toothy you are
turning into Lucy that your plan is this
I hope that is apparently already comfy
I like these little things so I look at
these little fellas naughty that kind of
cool sonic beast sorry
hmm so somewhere along the way shudders
somewhere along the way we got lost and
ended up here sorry Kurds
so am I didn't end up getting as himself
you might be confused that's all honest
and it's Project convert to Lucy so what
I did is I tried some on it and decides
my perfect site and then I'm just gonna
go in the internet or something
because I know I'm like a saint manners
like I like my trainers to be more
casual no no no like the ones that I
have for the bikes and silver right
there like copper they have all the
night made look like runners
I want like trainers that I can wear
Jackson you know that's what I'm so just
filling out all this stuff before our US
flight and there's always one parent at
the airport with a big stack of
passports ok these are not all our
families but I have a passport safe type
thing and keep all our stuff in there
whatever anyway look at this right I
found these when I was looking through
them right check these out right oh it's
gonna kill them showing this but stupid
oh my goodness look here's Anna I don't
know how old she is back then let me see
which look at her oh my goodness she
says well can you see like look you can
really see it duardo in there and the
media that's mental anyway as punishment
here's mine
check out the poseur that is me that was
where I look like in school
look at the hair the society locks yeah
Wow such a polarized and Tings did not
change with time I still maintained my
poster status into my early 20s good
look at the beard how much time did you
spend on that look at the chisel I'm
trying to somehow a Turner and decide to
him like look at him the chisels beard
and everything you guys want some
Maltese food oh hold on one second I
gotta go change your filters look at the
Amana photos we have for the pool
cleaning outside because I think he's
putting dogs in the pool so instead of
you kind of like wash them out
afterwards but I'm like nope I'll just
dump them what am I trying to change
them at least like maybe even once we
overuse it depends on our heavily we use
it we have to use it so war so we can
use it again and again and again and
again oh thank is falling in the stairs
what you gonna do their banking oh you
can do it you can do it you can do it
your back
I got your back baby Amenia oh you
should do baby oh oh you little baby
oh hi my family cuddles come on come on
why no family cuddle time
I know family Colonel time are we gonna
boil together
ephiny by mg vine oh you need to stand
up I'm gonna go buy you a daddy
oh no too many people too many people
alright I'll go back to my my pool
servicing have a new filter put in here
I'm gonna plop this new filter in bubbly
bubbly bubbly bubbly and stop the new
filter down here we're gonna need to do
a dip testing he and that is it that's
the one thing let's I will say about
having a pool or a hot tub or something
in your house dinner tonight when
everyone's all like oh yeah I'll get out
and they go inside and you can see
everyone inside in there drinking
cocktails oh there's always one guy out
here changing the filters scrubbing and
the stuff play doing all the chemical
crap putting the roof over freezing oh
you're like running around in the NIP
trying to do all this putting all this
stuff together so I don't know it's
definitely cool but it's a lot more work
than advertised
it's my thoughts on this
let's kill them we decided to be naughty
today resolute that the food we check
this out of the restaurants completely
empty that's cool all right
got my car I know remember and I have
returned oh man I think it's getting
even worse can I do what my nose hey it
worked
Oh Eunice we got the food pool house the
pool getting along here I'll put it in
the crown and the peach what smells like
swimming pool unless it's the right
thing oh hi you smell what skills are
you on the phone you're talking to Emmy
who are you talking to what an Emmy say
oh you're not talking today oh sorry
okay Quan wardo how are you okay so are
you organizing for next week yeah
yeah oh thanks oh I just work here I'm
just a pool boy okay
so obviously the boss over there on the
phone making plans for next week
you know mr. man are we looking into my
lovely clean mmm smells like you smell
it smells like a swimming pool a lot of
work that's you smell it give you the
slip give it a sniff give it a sniff
Friday is pool party day it's over again
it's not ready now I'm gonna pull a
party tomorrow actually probably get
some more air into this thing look a
little bit squishy as well
Oh homemade hot tub just getting those
someone just sound on the side like this
all right
a really fancy pumps or anything I'm
gonna stand here like this
you keep doing it see if you can get it
go on keep doing it if you got it right
let's try try again
he likes cars yeah we're gonna say
goodbye friends you're gonna sleep my
friends that my friends see you tomorrow
don't forget the poopoo bite then I'll
poopoo see you guys later
hey this is happening tomorrow
boo party you know from this angle you
can almost see over the wall dan dan dan
I've been expecting you hmm and so we've
reached the end of today's video don't
forget to hit the pupu button subscribe
thumbs up and comment it's cute isn't it
I'm excited for pool ads it's so much
work it's way more work I don't know I'm
on a mom and I'm on the tea shelf no
you're not in the shelf what's the thing
when you're in the middle of something
where you can't tell if you like it or
haters enjoy it but it's just it's
misleading
think before you think before you jump
lads
I suppose it would meet up and it was
just like a one or two seater it's just
cuz we have two kids and stuff you know
that I feel like when I was a kid when I
was a kid when I was a teenager I used
to work in a pool doing all that calling
and P hate stuff so I probably I'm
probably being overcautious about it you
know cuz he met her bacteria and stuff
that's in it but I'd like to keep a
clean tidy ship here anyway I don't
wanna run room talking man hope you
enjoyed today's video I hope I brought
some happiness into your life hit the
blue button and I'll see you tomorrow
but
