you're gonna be conducted the park I'm
still wearing the same clothes I wear
yesterday because I'm trying to save my
close up bread why do I like your
clothes yeah we need bread Jared I you
know your way out of there we get your
clothes all dirty see this where no toys
at the park in the sitting room yeah
buh-buh-buh-buh me wanna get any more
dough cross the road what you're not a
baby but what you got there
don't let Sophia eat the bread don't eat
it it's for the Ducks and don't throw it
in and one go okay well you can but then
it's all over okay
you sure why I don't hate to do it all
aboard
it's supposed to be too tight sit back
sit back relax put your trays in the
upright position hey where do you think
it's gonna have fun
where's Sophia Sophia
yeah mate
Sophia we almost had it Sophia
catastrophe okay you guys have fun okay
don't over feed the ducks look at this
situation here I'm not really I call it
the abandoned Anna but look I have a
feeling I have a feeling I got a feeling
it's not gonna be I can't make that fit
I don't know how many you guys actually
drive or one of the weirdest things to
do when driving is to drive barefooted
it's such a weird feeling because you
drive when you're touching the paddles
do it it's like it's so so it's just
weird
clunk okay now I believe so if I come
back here I love a more tight situation
but look now there's tons of room for
cars to get in and out and stuff
bingo-bango
sorry for that closed either
we've got that from my workout I'm
absolutely sweating
I don't know if you can tell is the back
of it yeah it is look you can see the
back sweaty
yeah that's gross anyway so I do I
actually walk three K it's three
kilometers because I do like the same
thing three times oh um I feel really
good after only thing is my headphones
give me a headache so I kind of prefer
actually doing it with the dogs
cuz like the only reason I didn't bring
the dogs today is because they actually
are going out for a walk off their own
so but in hindsight I thought they'd be
gone by now but they're not so now I
feel kind of bad to not bring them I
actually enjoy walking the dogs more
than being by myself oh I feel really
good after uhm so yeah it's three K and
it takes me 30 minutes which I don't
know is that good or bad I don't run I
just walk but for me it's like enough
for me to be like sweating after so I'm
gonna hilarious so we started filming
it's like summer lookbook and it was
lovely for the first like two outfits
and then like their knickers got
progressively darker and then Rainier
it's gonna start again RS do this
quickly
alright England summer lookbook come on
Nevaeh don't wanna go for your walkies
don't you wanna go for your walkies hmm
come on Olli I'll be in the bear come on
we're going for walkies
seven dogs today biggest deposit of
seven bring home six don't worry about
it no bring home none just don't bring
home any more pick a mix every day like
yeah
wardo do you want to share oh yeah right
I bought it wider a little present the
mini monkey is for if you have one of
those monkey children he's not gonna
like it he's that feeding the Ducks
right now and he's not gonna like this
new thing that I bought for him but he's
such a little monkey man we never had
these problems with Amelia if you buy a
trip trap that does come with the straps
but we never use the straps in the media
so when we had the duardo we never even
bothered with the straps with him so
well no not for next time but right now
I bought him this little monkey mini
monkey man thing and it it's nothing to
do it's taka but it just attached his
name just like a portable strap system
so he's gonna he's gonna he's not gonna
like it
why did you fall down on the ground
did you see some ducks yeah what did you
feed the ducks all your bread yeah you
want some pasta now I'll plaster let me
see your alley
oh you see it yeah tell me tell me did
Natasha beat you look at your present
what's this mini monkey a four little
mini monkey boys no it's they lock them
into the chair yeah I got four I got
frustrated tonight so order one Amazon
I'm not sure it looks like a parachute
oh he's gonna hate it first funny it's
called like meaty monkey or a monkey
boys oh yeah I got one of them huh did
you leave the shoe try it on
hello did you take a nap okay but the
way big oh yeah Sophia get a big owie
did you give up your plaster for Sophia
my only not so much oh yeah
and then also fiha has it oh thank you
thank you so much Amelia I feel much
better thank you oh thank you that's it
no wait a second
I'll say Oh are we gonna get it right oh
oh okay okay I'm coming I'm coming
come on guys keep up hello how are you
yeah he did well I wasn't gonna draw
attention to it but thank thanks for
letting all our friends know I can see
you Wow look at your skills I don't
think it wider one Sophia Wiggin out why
No
hey do you remember who got you this
castle who oh and I was very nice if
then wasn't it oh can i oh you're very
nice to everybody
oh I have to go in here now - oh I've
been sent in division huh so how long do
I have to stay in here for
hi honey mmm
sounds like a long time I'm gonna be in
here yeah Oh remember this Luke we might
be seeing Luke if he's coming Anna's
best friends at her mom Instagram and
Twitter and actually oh my goodness like
a thing going on do you remember excited
to go again remember is piglet yeah he
was too afraid
goodness oh my god Megan is a million
views
jeeps
and then the pressure is on them I'm
gonna have to like create what I like
that again I know
good answer all I Roger that good yeah
you excited yeah if you got a man full
of grapes or something so this is what
my dinner looks like so fire looks
really nice I see that and then we've
got a cast on the boil I'm setting the
table still watching Disney does I see
and we've decided that Sophia inside
right being taken over privacy
what's your name tell Missy Elliott
Amelia Thomasina Wow what's your
brother's name
it's hair-washing no II don't you get
your silly fright when they put her
shampoo on top of your little noggin it
goes a little squishy and it gives a
little smell but you'll be best found in
the deadly glow Duplin I have lost the
words of the song what it's gonna sing
along either way you are gonna get
yourself in my brains no no boyfriend
you will not buy friends
happens by friends I'll see you tomorrow
Sofia say bye friends a big bunch of
bullies bunch of bullies sorry
Oh wasn't me leave a comment if you did
a purple All Right see you later friends
bye it's the wild wild west West West
West West and West absolutely no clue
none whatsoever
someone's gonna tell me this is some
famous band or something I never really
liked wash never heard of them I don't
know he says you can't possibly be a bad
Canada is it I don't know anyway thanks
for watching today's video hope you
enjoyed it hope it may just smile I
guess no like if it's something let you
find yourself partial to do it like in
videos maybe an old comment if you feel
like you have something to add to the
conversation of this video subscribe
because then guess what hope another
video tomorrow you won't have to go look
for it'll be like presented to you it's
amazing
anyway I'll see you guys tomorrow thanks
for watching goodbye
