we're making brownies excuse me
there are a time by over two uses yep I
can't reach it
boys like shoving them in butt and then
when I let go of this if I let go of
this I can't reach it
so thank you Pig folks actually have
some I have one for him if I get a stool
maybe hold on yes so we're gonna make
Jamie Oliver's brownies my best friend
no cuz I've made these before and I've
kind of modified it a little bit but
I've made them before okay I'm guessing
you like me do you like me yeah all
right okay so Amelia and look at the
videos apron can you show your apron
it says mommy's little helper and then
Eduardo says thank you
it says mummys little monster hmm so
they're both gonna help because it's got
chocolate and obviously it's a brownie
but hopefully they don't spoil their
luggage brownies yeah can you say Jamie
Oliver
good for you cuz look what I forgot to
put battery note there for you you
forgot to put the butter in brownies
sweetie I changed quickly
I just went for my walk no way buttering
yeah it's good though for you literally
there's nothing in them only like
chocolate flour after evening new nice
evening morning delight friends don't
even know what time it is
I've had a busy morning but I'm back
back once again with the renegade master
it's a nice afternoon kids are having a
lunch in the bag maybe an hour so it's
time and I was like let's take him out
for a little adventure we're gonna do a
bid to wear it oh okay we're all ready
are you ready to go mr. UAT go watch
this every time I leave the flag oh I
didn't lose it that time for mr. Sun Sun
mr. Golden Sun the waters is not like
solo writing as much
ah he's trying to get his helmet off or
something immediately likes it solo and
she likes it Eduardo Eduardo likes it
Amelia he needs your sister what you
feel needs a big sister to make sure
everything's okay where'd you get that
one before we go today the mozzarella
paradise tell me why why are you so
blind to Z they're one step below and as
the hip-hop expert won't break dance and
beats their spit some rhymes
I got you rocket you don't eat it the
mozzarella
we got the Pomodoro in the rucola it Sam
olive oil and tomato smoked I mean it's
the sales people care for a photograph
or no one looks good if you work you
made a hamburger Wow it's the parents
response did you wow you're amazing
finish yours okay Kuwait
over here anybody's like that we just
get this woman right here
not you and right I'm a little bit
nervous I'm off to the dentist to get my
Invisalign fitted like my molds done of
my teeth or whatever a freaking out
right now also because I was supposed to
get my wisdom teeth removed and I
haven't yet and I'm scared my dentists
gonna be cross with me and I've got
analysis to ground my camera so you mine
I saw worked hi Oh
clunk hi okay no going kind of on
holidays so I decided to get some new
clothes
that's what are we doing unboxing and
clothing summer haul video things got my
air I got these shoes I also got like
trainers as well for VidCon and stuff
because I'm like you do so much like
standing and walking around but I saw
these and they're really nice so this
what you do you open the boxes right
yeah I've been really nice they're like
a suede put in a Ralph Lauren polos but
they're really nice there were like a
suede I don't what you call that kind of
a shoe but uh doesn't look really nice
it's so comfy and squishy
I like squishy shoes I got these
the official term then isn't that cute
look it's really nice isn't it
penny it's from the actual like polo
team or something I I'm not really sure
bike team of this particular clothing
Hall I believe is toto
no it Mandarin system just as that NJ or
something minor no big fan of the old
polo shirts
Oh turn into t-shirt it's just desert I
don't just t-shirt just bad just a pair
of shorts how wick no idea they're just
a pair of shorts shorts it's another
polo shirt it's a white one nice thing
in the side of it and then 'red t-shirt
I'm gonna open it another pair of shorts
one and then our t-shirt and then a very
short segment ones I like you sir I just
bought create him these are like this
that's pretty much it finished she did
everything she took the mold she said
she wasn't cross with me but she did say
that I need to have my wisdom teeth out
so I'm gonna have to do that at some
point which I'm really dreading wearing
my keys but why don't I never find my
keys I'm so nervous I think was more
nervous that she was gonna be cross with
me for not getting my width through
teeth hey NIC doctor or taken out but
that was exciting I got all my molds
done for my trays
and it's cool like I just start gonna be
sent off now and now I can see like all
of the teeth moving you don't digitally
I had can't see it yet but on my next
one in three weeks time so I'm kind of
excited I'm just I'm nervous that I wish
the wisdom tooth thing was out of the
way but it was supposed to be by now I'm
just scared of being put to sleep that's
my issue I got some new hay fever
tablets because parody doesn't work for
me but the zero tech does but I can't
get a zero text here I think I got it in
human last so I don't know I thought
this purity so hopefully it works and
some deodorant and so I need to stock up
because we're going to hey how'd you
guys like my parking I may have some
trouble getting out of there tomorrow
did that woman attack you
what kind of game were you playing mommy
her face she's like who is it
weirdo he was dived in this isn't a ball
pit it's far from it now get out of here
little toesies come on what do you boy
oh oh oh oh oh oh oh no the rain hasn't
cometh dropping on my head and makes me
a little bit sad where are you going
come on quickly you gotta get this
inside its word Oh word Oh alright come
on heave ho that is the story situation
interrupted Oh
or all the lady birds gone into the
house yeah that's what we built the
house for all the lady Birds yeah for
little birds so they can go in oh you
want you gonna fix the winner with your
wand
you're gonna make it stop raining yeah
oh so many things Mikey oh upon you hey
Mikey Oh a bunny oh did I do it how long
is it gonna take for the rain to stop
your birdie okay
well turns out and mania has magical
powers stopped huh kids are in bed I
just put him down came there jack yeah
try that Amelia has mystical powers
I'm tired I am a tired Terrence today
that's the kind of does that too
childhood or Parenthood Marcel in
childhood you know it sneaks up on you
in different like in like waves
sometimes and it just tires you out so
much you know and then and then I get to
then it gets better again and then the
kids change their cycle and it just
ruins it again but that's part of the
the challenge you know I enjoy um I
enjoy the hardship you know and as much
as like the media and now is a toddler
and duardo is on his way out of being a
baby again you know and it's a like
throwing a baby into this mix that would
like be crazy but I'm waiting for it
I'll be ready for it again I would do it
again I think I would do it again
I know being crazy it will be so tiring
you know it'll be madness and I see
people leave comments yeah so like about
Natasha and stuff and I you know it's
like we knew that we needed somebody to
help us with the kids you know we
interviewed so many people because it's
really important to us I don't know I
didn't want to hire somebody to come
here and take over you know mean the
wearing of my child you know I'm I'm so
I'm so thankful for you guys supporting
us that I'm in a position where I get to
you know work full-time and support my
family but then at the same time I get
to be part of my family all the time and
I get to I get to raise my kids which is
really cool but we both have to work as
well like we put too much happen on
about work you know so we eventually we
met and passion we were like this is
this is a perfect balance because you
know I still get to like go and raise my
kids just like a raisin but sometimes
kind of like going meetings where I
gotta go to work myself and I have to go
out that night or we gotta do something
it's like we just always have this
little extra pair of hands that we can
just use and met that's the story of
Natasha anyway I'm gonna go because I
see these little paws and I need to go
find them
thanks for watching today's video we
shall and we should roll with an old end
slate like a noob it's always trolling
me always trolling me I think I've built
up this air I think I've built this up
more than what it actually is
alright let's get here see you tomorrow
I hope today's video was at a good
standard good bye
oh you guys are Jonathan here nicely
dude dude did you do we are going to
California very shortly
I'm very excited never mean in
California feel free to leave me some
comments and suggestions of things we
should do well in skala fornia well how
big is california he's a bigger than two
miles are you in a West Hollywood Los
Angeles is where we're actually gonna be
staying while we're there obviously
we're gonna stay in VidCon or at VidCon
but VidCon something like three or four
days so prior to that we're gonna be
staying out in West Hollywood so if you
guys have any ideas or things to do in
West Hollywood leave me some comments
and suggestions and we shall do them I'm
I am excited goodbye
