morning Amelia morning wardo where are
we
we're in big girl ballet yeah I thought
it was seimei's guys baby yeah you
thought it was the guardo's come to
watch again he's buried underneath that
seat somewhere hello eddo duck has
fallen and bumped his head and today Oh
No is that thing open today the
playgroup thing is back
don't here to see us we're honoring this
playgroup thing here Eduardo found about
the tools
Oh a screwdriver that's cool well since
we got this one good Bob is a good find
currently we are playing with these guys
but it seems much better
hmm and we just dropped me the office go
say bye daddy
the droid I said bye daddy
yes so we just did a workout and Lucy
was saying that she's going to put up
some more nutrition videos yes I know
people would be excited about that so
you were saying you were gonna do it
like toast yeah so it's the three teas
it is a Tuesday's taste talking yeah
it's just about showing some really
healthy ways that you can have toast in
the morning and a quick easy nutritious
and very creative yeah I think that's
really good because we were just talking
about how important it is like eat
breakfast and like not starve yourself
like you know make sure that you're
eating and that's something that I like
because I've definitely done both I know
when I was a teenager I thought like if
I just don't eat yeah I'll lose weight
or if I don't eat you know I skip lunch
which is really really bad for you so
it's so bad too and what we want to do
we're trying to do it's just really show
show special girls and women actually
how important it is to eat and food
isn't our enemy yeah we shouldn't be
underweight we should be a healthy way
and we should eat nutritious food yeah
food and it can be taste in fact it can
be more delicious in processed food 100
yeah and I can tell you that skipping
lunch doesn't work by the way no reading
there done that doesn't work all right
gotta go collect Amelia but look I got
no Lisa nice to see that like I couldn't
figure out a way to get the GoPro to
actually lock onto the back of the bike
so I put the app I just fit this in here
and I'm just gonna try and hopefully if
I sit it like that
it kind of looks like it's dead on I'm
not really sure if this is gonna work
you just you can just lose the GoPro on
the way home just dry it's nice to be
dried off
this lion Anna has is drawing now what
if I don't I don't care
eighty well that's not working nine
wasn't as dramatic as the initial oh no
you're mine right needs to work one way
oh that's a big high just let that
though don't you doing the room and I
did that take your tripod I'm gonna top
it I'm gonna drop it
try a little Lions Rover scope rotor
scoping is nothing you need to know
about okay I've been noticing you and
Zoe will mock me over to turn walking
over nanotechnology no Jonathan it's my
wall what one point I want - interesting
as men get lean over
no one room stays immaculate was it my
fault
are you feeling anything that's gonna be
hard lunch lunch lunch but I'm having
some tasty lunch lunch
oh you're what you're busy
oh sorry you guys are so busy are you
busy I'm really busy
Oh busy okay everybody I'm Bridget
what's wrong oh you love me oh no you
don't you want to get cozy with me very
good girl me on your dinner this is what
you get what is it
okay only if you eat your dinner you can
get one when you eat your dinner okay
you wanna help me make it and look at
why I don't got something to cars look
that's for you
that's for you if you eat your dinner
yeah all right we're doing some
reshuffling let me the Cayenne up there
because hello I got the car detailed
look at this see all right don't say I'm
crazy there's like dirt all over anyway
it's just three here that one ain't too
bad so I'm gonna move this car over
there
the Dwyer has been helping me pay your
little man all right I'm gonna learn to
drive okay
now first thing you got to do push in
the clutch turn the ignition on we don't
need any music you ready so we're gonna
close the valves because we don't need
to be too loud okay waking up the
neighbors you gotta go to your hands
here and it's called 10:00 to 2:00 okay
it's really important engage the engine
turn off automatic
put it on the full f1 shift mode let's
see how quickly want to guess
I know no okay going turn it turn it
gotta get a turn you gotta turn the car
you turning it all right now I turn it
this way
beat the wheel feet the wee little man
feed the wheel go boy go for honey go
boy put into neutral let's straighten
your back up straighten her back up are
we're gonna let it roll then rolling
with the homies rollin rollin oh man
give some juice
it's turn in turn in you did it why now
you drove my first car
congratulations is so cute all right you
want to help move the other car and here
is what my pastor looks like no Joseph
actually how my dad talks I'm not okay
that's what it looks like he looks
pretty good
and Jonathan of course in in Jonathan
typical Jonathan's fashion is like oh
I'm just gonna move like you comes down
like dinnertime and he's like oh just
gonna start a quick project I'm like
okay like he does it so much like I'm
not even joking you know I think if
you're editing this you know I'm right
that's him in his cart by the way like
Oh what time is dinner gonna refinish
I'm like about five minutes it's like
I'm just gonna quickly Roselawn like how
do you do this every single time okay
this one does not make as much noise all
right we're in Reverse
okay appears that all the cars play
music establish that fact all right
let's try not will be paying attention
okay to go here it's not hit one of the
other cars okay we're gonna let her ride
her bike ride him cowboy can you say
ride him cowboy
you say ride him cowboy alright don't
dump it don't be worried about those
alarms does that I was completely normal
they're supposed to do that actually I
think I parked the car over the side of
the house before everything's alright
why now
I got you back so what happened what did
you do to yourself
I've gotta race yeah she put loom bands
in your wrists show show your friends
what happens look hello month
what how did she even get them on her
hands
actually if you get them on your hands
new pants are not to put on your wrist
for me okay pasta spaghetti yeah well
done what do you think weirdo every
dinner is my favorite dinner
so it's my favor Dinard about honors
pain pain yeah yeah
IHH okay let's watch these up our cars
actually opens I can dump all my stuff
in there that's a dune then it changes
in charge I'm a domestic situation in
the house without the cars on the
opposite sides
cuz now as you walk out it's like the
Klan is right there change changes
everything change my whole life
all I did is I move cards yes oh thank
you very much
frozen stickers for daddy huh I look at
you artists I call me daddy you say
daddy oh hold on here you hold these
daddy's gonna do some work for a minute
okay okay careful careful careful
we're gonna cool looking at this right
watch this
wait wait look at this it's like I'm
painting a picture
that's so cool looking that's all over
here that is so cool-looking yeah very
sad I'm so sad I'm gonna soak Amelia
anyway cars are washed washed I'm
productive come here look at this is
this is this your hiding plan do
you think I won't wet it wardo is that
your plan
Oh is he gonna get sad if I wear them Oh
jeepers huh put that away
yeah okay I'm just gonna water your
plants okay it's also handy for watering
the plants and the trees
I love it deal
yeah hi-ho we've done our job let's go
let's have a bat and Dan a story and
then we'll go to sleepy time it went on
what did I tell you at the magical door
what you just stop don't be not gonna
door do you know what's behind that door
do you do will we tell her friends okay
we're ready
okay we'll tell you what's behind the
door the door is hey guys and thanks for
watching another episode of this Cody
Jolie's did you think for a second I was
gonna show you behind the magical door
promise lines I promise you someday I
will show you what's behind the magical
door and you will blow your thanks but
watch this video gives know like do do
comments to do subscribing and I'll see
you again tomorrow good bye
