good morning friends so mr. Flanders did
not having a conversation the worst
thing and the door opens this little man
okay
this little man stole the entire pack of
raisins open the packet raisins 30 you
know what's the Bastian thing I saw me
as two hands restaurant and he was just
like waddling at the door okay donkey
can't actually eat these so do you come
and eat so much food I don't like pear
cider he's so cute you know he's it's
indicate he's so small okay we don't
waste a bite hey why don't I see
something cool when she's having cool me
there stay there wait there okay wait
here for daddy daddy's gone into the
scary basement sure wait here okay I'll
be back in one minute okay with
something fun so I within this project
hanging then we ended up having children
and I never actually got around to doing
it but I'm pretty sure he had it guys
all here and I was actually yeah you
know you were making a joke last night
and actually open a really funny idea
for a video it's like oh my goodness I
actually have puppets but abattoir has
never seen these guys he might get a
kick out of him
Oh
are you related to the angle you want me
to ground one
alright stuff your hand in there I want
a pink one oh thank you very good look
at this little man with his outfit I
don't cutesy look yeah oh he's copying
here Oh careful that's a dirty nappy oh
okay is that what's going on here pajama
party as in eat the pajamas what are you
up to what are you doing
okay
that's lovely Emilia your own version
could you do that to cheer Eduardo up
and stop him crying I believe your
future you will you will
coach it that's not it been it's a soft
thing we're thinking again in a
different stroller for a leg this is
covered in ice cream and one of the
flights we're on it broke the wheel on
this yeah let's get tricky yeah so
that's what happens don't mean fly
they do they do you can see them at the
windows we got this back and the handles
were like been I don't know what carrier
was the camera where exactly it happened
anyway let's head up to burry yard when
she driving the cobblestones I love
questions stroller or two kids uphill on
cobblestones all yesterday all the way
up the hill all the way home under
punishments workout plan
gifted Braille a time to keep your kids
quiet while waiting for the food to
arrive at a restaurant as the trick
bread and have that Brandon Fork never
they're nice and happy about Brad and
restaurants
most on some restaurants do you actually
it is people yeah because they're like
wanting to decide for three pounds but
in Italy
then you get the big straight bread why
no you are not
shopping being wired are chillin by the
red telephone box the red telephone box
Eduardo huh
it was the telephone box a chance could
be a harness but a red one now just a
plain old telephone box huh they're
right doing a narrow ice mangle oh I
wouldn't mind that man compassionfruit
we got one buoy you can have some mine
too
come on mom will never know we're back
looks exactly like the one in the
picture
no and try some
we think
it's cold isn't it it's cold it's good
though that's why I had finally returned
to me but you'll never know what we got
up to while you're a guy so I guess
you're just gonna have to you'll have to
watch tomorrow's episode what tell me
everything you did in the shop taking
the dog for a walk I usually walk she
isn't here and then out there it's just
like a tip always way with kids you get
one food spick-and-span and then the
room got everything basically it's just
like explosion well done LPD usually are
because really slow but today he's going
quite quickly which means he's enjoying
it all Cena's going a bit mental so cute
guys he's so cute
these two are usually the hardest ones
to walk because Alvey usually goes at a
different pace what stay there which is
my favorite one you mean Terry hey do
you like carry the tickle shirt yeah
your bed is very comfortable by the way
yeah we're very tired
could you make a collection yeah so I
could have watch a cat
yeah you want to make makeup videos you
do a makeup tutorial for your friends
yeah you can push your shim Changyu yeah
kids what you can tell you see that's a
whole when you buy new things and you
tell your friends it's like a whole
video oh yeah that's what some people do
all right do that yeah some people
always do that you know some people just
always about Harlan hmm daddy's not a
very good hauler like on that did you
have a good nap on your pretty dress is
very nice shall we wake Eduardo up your
why does princess your princess yeah
Sara why your prince he this is my man
this little man is nothing I woke up why
pardon wardo a car present yes you'll
cowboy came riding round one dark and
windy day was it wardo the girls they
did run away is sister road behind him a
princess of the West but before they
knew what to do they all are themselves
undressed it's dinner time and I'm
making this chicken thing happened
Oh something's ready I haven't yet
jeopardizing plans when you cook well
you haven't like committed to anything
yet that's why I feel like right now we
have chicken we had it we had a little
chicken feels like a cooked chicken and
as I'm cooking it I'll somehow figure
out what exactly we're making we brought
this over I don't feel like this is
gonna happen I don't feel like I feel
like it's like a pasta or a noodle and
noodle should we get that just you know
it's like blindfold cooking or something
it's venture cooking you know you start
cooking and to see what happens
uh-huh what happened kara are you gonna
show me so what happened
oh you slipped on that step
did you fall down he didn't that time Oh
nothing today where's the people where's
the people Oh what am i doing I'm
cooking Shh you guys know these right
these particular noodles they're so good
I can't read that so I don't know what
it says but I think it says organic
noodles green tea but they're really
really good little portions are cool hi
it's me Eduardo we're almost matching
clothes hmm all right we've got some
books here well this one or you want
your favorite book yeah this is Eduardo
like ultimate favorite book ever row row
row your boat hmm okay okay okay right I
gotta go and read him this book hope you
enjoyed today's video I hope it brought
some delightfulness into your life
you guys take of my friends focus no but
it was so cute in it all right don't get
the hint of who blue button and we're
running out of focus
huh our focus is though oh it's back see
you guys tomorrow
a switch what right let's you be caught
dance dad's not Dance Moms oh my
goodness that's an idea for a show huh
dance dads and it's like all the dads
dance I don't know what you know I'm
sorry I've never actually seen an
episode of Dance Moms I'm just I'm
guessing what it's about
due to moms dance anyway thanks for
watching today's video hope you enjoyed
it what do we got we got we had a puppet
show
we had a French cuisine we had a walking
with the dogs we had some musical
adventures and
camera else happened know a little just
minutes ago
yes Meyer that's watching forget it by
that bye
