the mic and mashup you are is that gonna
be fun
it's such a sunny day oh did you have to
bring something to school thing oh oh
let me see what did you ask you for it
oh we have to bring a picture of a
celebration mm-hmm
do you remember that that was
Christmastime can you see me Lee in the
picture are you grumpy
yeah can you see in there hmm
all right let us go train is it coming
I hear that tree you know coming it's
rolling round bends and one of these
days I'm going down that was Johnny Cash
by the way this is probably the best fun
idea I just were had I love to listen
Amelia involving her and my my biking
and my children thing is literally being
the dad it's pretty vesting you know
does my life okay vlogging was pretty
cool it was a good idea to but second -
Oh second tonight I finally hit a car
second that is definitely being on our
way being in Titus 20 better I don't
know
we're here here your bow look I put it
on here so I wouldn't forget it yeah I'm
gonna put your bow
okay have established I can't oh but oh
no look you can we are ready to go all
right let's go press the button yeah
you're pretty dressed and everything Oh
cute this little man looks like he's run
later hosing funny huh
are you at a beer fest did you drink too
much huh
I'd liter I'm Pierre wouldn't talk I'm
pretzel with bones
I like at the farmers with you thank you
look at you there for a second mm-hmm
jelly belly
all right night interior I'm gonna go to
work in this little fella you gotta get
a whack gotta get a whack my god a co
fella ya ya little fella just stop
marching
getting bread unlike basics that would
just run out of us cuz we ran out of
bread poor Eduardo hot it's no lunch
ice cream is being restocked
so I'm gonna stock up on some of these
for the kids I say it's the kids but
it's actually for me so working out with
Lucy again today but I need to pick up
some poops first it's quite embarrassing
but I mean it to be nice and correct for
my workout this is probably where we're
gonna end up working here and this
probably incidentally where they poo
just ain't gonna walk the hands out on
their it so now come down into your
plank position and then bring that one
leg across and now open up the arm
excellent well done
take that back bring that leg over so
drop the hips and I'll bring that leg
across and then just open that up
through the arm that's good we just go
now walk that back in welcome back
Amelia did you pop your ears so we went
and viewed Amelia's new classroom in
preschool yeah she looked at she did
love it actually they got like computers
and they do like there were so many of
them in the class I think she was a bit
confused as to why we were there yeah
she's like do we live here now and she
got like this because you got collected
from nursery but then brought to another
school and she's like what's even going
on here like butter that's cool there
was like they kind of keep like they
break them up into different groups and
stuff like that but they were dead the
ruler was so much grown-up stuff in it
wasn't there yeah I think that's what
you really try and enjoy now right but I
didn't leave you there did I
no I took you home we said I'll keep
Amelia mommy's melting because you got
the straps down and all
hypu bum that's the brightest nickname
Poobah oh look the new calendar day
thing is out like you can see TOS that
on fire today Anna and Eduardo down here
we put your phone it I was like that's
one of my favorite pictures because it's
so fun alright mister
it's chop go this way this way just wait
for a poo cleanin hands up for poo
cleaning I'm making a toast
oh my you burn me a little bit it adds
me a little bit my Bloor check it out
bonus tomato it is it's a bonus tomato
huh I got one free mmm-hmm
look at these guys I love these tomatoes
like the long a long a longer tomahto
hello I am a long day tomato yes and
they lure me my sorry ma I don't know
why everything has a voice in the name
but it does welcome to my world where is
my little teenager
what a hazing you're sleeping are you
staying in bed today huh
good morning again mmm-hmm you're not
getting up no need to fly it's a bee
it's a wasp he's just trying to get out
yeah
so we get up yeah maybe
oh don't do that
Oh dig wider do that oh no not that one
over there guys
you're very particular like your mommy
aren't you oh you like things very
petite do you remember we rented a new
school today was that fun wha it was big
big girl skills like extra big girl
school powers a palace okay
it was like a palace there were so many
boys and girls there wasn't it and they
have a computer did you think I was
gonna leave you there no I wouldn't do
that yet
so come on let's go no you know I said I
know a friend of mine that might help
you get out of bed do you want to meet
my friend yeah hello
and how do you remember me my what's
more name oh yeah tickled shocked
parents my eat now are you gonna get out
of bed all right let me see it's a
little foot unit it's a little funny in
here ene
I gotta fight come on little buddy tell
me
come on little party oh listen Oh thee
oh oh hello what's your name
pika pika you're very noise pika you
wanna be my make pika pika do you wanna
see my friend Thumbelina Oh tumbles Tom
the Tom
oh you're so fun you have your
imagination like your father hmm
it'll serve you well but it may bring
you mischief just so you know I always
know mm-hmm come on let's go oh yeah
luckily it's had a really really hard
two weeks yeah hope you feel better yeah
oh thanks Oh
as soon as that first comment no way if
I'm actually do first comment let's
check oh maybe it's the second third
fourth wait is it no wait hold on hold
on second no wait just a couple wait one
second let's just establish no one's
ever for I can't even get first on a
video sometimes it comes in video right
oh it's about me just login Oh 301 no
nope can't even do it can't even do it I
don't know how could you actually figure
out who is legitimately first what do we
do
booth move along to the next clip move
along okay well actually this is two
views so I suppose
Sophie Sophie's Alfie we need to change
that to Sophie's Tekonsha joke joke
friend but you made it I suppose you
were second I've never even seen that
that's amazing congratulations I'm gonna
squish your head carefully squashing it
did you feel that oh my goodness i just
opened a pack of these Queenie an hour
and I get this little monster he was
over there in the corner and he just
came running oh he's just chasing me
you don't like quinoa the like a quinoa
look at me anything look at him uh food
yeah I know but you're coming an ice
cream yeah and I convinced me Eduardo
had a poo you shouldn't have a camera up
great cuz I just came in he was over in
the corner he was covered in brown stuff
and he was like chomping on it huh let's
keep it I was like take it off I know
that's a funny prank keep the child
actual do I think they've lost their
minds
I will nothing on the floor I am NOT
like a boar I'm your father and you'll
do what I say
this is time to let you know that do you
not me I will not stand on the floor I
can try
she wants to try I can't deny her opera
driving
he was the chief dick driver I'm sorry I
will get on and that was that concludes
the operatic succumb to Julie's good bye
say bye bye say bye bye ah yeah hey the
two of them were like okay this Wireless
landed to say Alfie yeah all right
he wants a lift to the bath I want all
right sit down beside Eduardo okay we
ready
we're going for a drive to the back
right in your destination oh my goodness
that's just like a crazy Thunder did you
see that I don't know what did you see
that it's like in the cloud above us
she's like I'll try and catch it ah all
my goodness oh there is just a lightning
cloud lightning strong I think just
sitting above us I'm like hiding
underneath a little canopy thing here
whoa oh my goodness that is mentor where
is it coming from
oh my god is it gonna see we can see if
we can spot ah
oh my goodness let's gonna see if we can
get closer
Oh Jimmy Jimmy Jones Shh
okay I'm retreating oh my goodness okay
let's go get everyone inside everyone
inside no it's right inside
oh my goodness Shh get in get in get in
get in come on come on come on there is
like the biggest lightning storm ever
and we caught on tape seriously the back
of the house at the entire sky lit up
that was amazing
I don't know if that's gonna touch
ground or what aah
that was cool all right see you guys
tomorrow
but now watching the footage back it
doesn't look as epic I don't know maybe
totally epic but in real life you know
the camera never can like translate your
turd party to something it's never as
intense as being there in real life you
know
so yeah it's crazy love this end slate
I'm like how did that person know like
perfectly get my body that's such that's
exactly what I look like underneath my
shirt and Hana and Allie wait is that
that he'll be on a surfboard goodbye
friends
don't forget to hit the pupu button and
i'll see you guys tomorrow and give us a
nobody like would you come on now come
on down and an old comment and give us a
smile
