good morning friends horny wardo your
breakfast has honey in it yeah oh that
sounds nice oh yeah
oh you have all your friends there too
did you invite them for breakfast
mm-hmm yeah did you miss mommy daddy
yesterday yeah yeah
presents Wow yeah you are a pointy
little bugger I'll see you later
he's in the water right I'm going to get
the blood test this morning
ouch it's gonna be sore also very very
tired huh
set for like 150 hours yesterday
what I sort of felt like open me gate
thank you hi friends
oh you want to come alright we're here
we're getting blush she said it wouldn't
hurt
it won't well seems like a lot
sharp scratch
I really like to pour that do then
mm-hmm it's vacuumed impact blood
roll done where anyhow and we're back
I think we have to wait about two weeks
now for the Syriac one has to go to
Guilford's that's going to take like
probably three weeks but all the other
ones will come back in two weeks
so she's you can call in two weeks and
find out about whatever else they tested
for other than C deck or I can call in
three weeks and go straight for the
celiac and everything else okay we are
making progress on the journey defining
what food I can eat but the thing you
know what's weird it's like I am now
pretty much back on to everything you
know I mean I'm like I'm eating my
regular diet again I'm perfectly fine
you know I'm having a gluten food I'm
having dairy food I'm having whatever
else you could be allergic to food I'm
having no effect by it like that you're
greasing up that mirror our window just
after it's busy
take it blue media what are you doing oh
is this your new house is it your new
house you look like you're off to tea or
something
okay I'm obviously not allowed in your
new house
I thank yous is like a media is sitting
there and she's obviously watching
what's going on I won Clio as a trainers
that are over there was no point
literally to just sit there she was once
to be involved it's so cute
working out with Oh working out with
Lucy again today in the shade this time
it's so hot I think this is the hottest
day so far so we're going to do a my
favorite one we're finished the workout
hence the sweat but we're going to do my
favorite one from the workout which is
like a little curtsy kind of one so
Lucy's going to film for me Hey alright
so what you want to do is first of all
just place your palms together because
we're going to work the bust the thighs
and the bottom so now if you just curtsy
to the side and as you curtsy press
really tight through those palms that's
good and so with this you want to step
it wide and then also stake it low and
this is really good it works bottom
watch your thighs inner and outer thighs
and also they were just really helping
to lift the bust by squeezing tight can
you feel that as you press the palms
together on that so that yeah so this is
really good because what that does is it
works it activates what's called on the
Cooper's ligament which is like
unnatural bra strap on there
so this exercise we call curtsy to the
Queen on there it's nice it's an elegant
one it just feels it feels nice and the
other nice thing is your posture is
really good because so you focus on
having good upright posture on there and
it's nice and and good on the joints
we're not doing at any high
Pat and also this one it's like a total
body works absolutely everywhere on
there so well done
they are you've done lots today lots of
purpose the Queen will be impressed I am
the other hand on the hottest day of the
year I'm suffering from a flu so unfair
huh my hair alfie has a too so it must
be something that's going around oh my
goodness it's like it's like unfair
I wanna stay the year and I'm like
wearing a dressing gown sitting here
when I sweat out the flu influenza that
I'm suffering with oh my goodness it's
so hot outside it's like let's meet and
watch this defi so hot anyways so I just
had a coffee to wake myself up so I'm
like falling asleep I had to go and
stupid in Amelia's bed last night
because Johnny feels like shaking the
bed he was shivering and like he was
sweating because obviously he's sick and
I was just like I can't sleep so I stuck
in her bed
and I'm not even kidding you his creams
are all gone this is all that's left
blah
espresso all because the good weather
one of the ice
like all the little like lollies and
stuff oh my goodness also picked up some
diet coke
doctor injury and you get some of this
boring stuff I think this is the one
weekend
yeah 35 and I just needed to have a date
wholesome feels like it's really hot
cannot move out that guy's been called
out crazy might get Jonathan some of
this as well
lemsip MUX this one why is it this one
if it's not I don't know this one
literally just got down horses and
because the water in my car it is tell
me that I need more water so we just
bought water bottles open them up one
entire bottle over my front windscreen
so but it wouldn't be look see I'm gonna
drink the rest there we go alright I'm
cracking it cracking it some soup glad
it's not a chicken soup as traditionally
eaten when one is sick but it's a soup
what about put it in a big cup and drink
it less like a couple saying when I'll
be fun oh look at this big lump of bread
will give me some of this wonder what
that's for
alright so now I'm going to pick up the
dogs from daycare because um Helen
doesn't really she wants to limit their
time in the van so she's asking her
clients to pick up their dogs like in
their car so they're not in the back of
her van like you know too hot because it
is really hot today I think it's like
today is 32 degrees
oMG so yeah I'm gonna pick them up now
just put it into maps and let's go look
at this chaos right here but this is my
reality right now one two three four
five six perfect
okay do you see little munchkins over oh
it's gonna go super zoom see Brazil you
know I think that's all the the nail
varnish and stuff it's great to Taylor
were sitting in there playing hi
you're what are you you see the world's
biggest tennis ball look at this thing
oh I would like to come yes thank you
oh sit on the seat oh okay
holy if you try how you doing in
Wireless nails oh you really actually
are doing why those nose Oh careful
wardo you gonna do my nails right oh oh
oh I should wear this technique oh oh
Wireless there's a whole kind of finger
situation thank you oh yes please
oh you're both kind of doing a the
finger job here not so much of a nail
situation oh all right oh this is fancy
your salon madam is amazing
oh that one looks good do the nail
though do the nail oh that was a good
effort
Oh Martin coming in oh thank you very
much
no do nails
hi mrs. lady hello madam yeah yeah if I
sit there okay wait okay hello madam
welcome to my salon would you like to
take a seat please
so what brings you here today
how would you like would you like to
nail polish okay this is my assistant
Eduardo he's trying to make me eat nail
polish don't be alarmed white ass okay
now madam put a little bit here a little
bit here little bit here how's that for
you yeah you see like oh okay hold on
where it doesn't even go
oh yeah oh thank you that you can't
gonna see you though oh right for dinner
tonight I am cooking some fajitas why do
I always say soulless I would say some
Tomatoes some I always notice that when
I do my one date Wednesday here I have
some blah so I'm like why do you keep
saying some what cute woman okay you
seriously like are so over critical of
yourself when you edit yourself it's
weird but anyway so I'm having we're
having chicken with homeo tortillas to
Mexican sauce and peppers no no raisins
now sorry
not greedy but like I know but it's too
close to dinnertime this big thank you
oh I know
life's hard I've already taken away
you can add it for age I'm like no I'm
sorry
I got home kind of late as well so it's
already 6:00 and I need to start a shop
I never used this sauce
it's the seeds of change because that's
like an organic soft herb company I'll
show you the sweet and sour version I'm
like lazy cook like I don't like making
a big deal so um I use jarred sauces and
I know that some people don't approve of
that foot I can't do everything
oh geez I just like simple dishes you
know but anyway so I'd never used the
Mexican one because it says like Mexican
and then it says chili sauce I think so
I always figured it was for like chimi
like mince meat and straw and beans but
um I never thought of putting it in like
a fajita a sauce and it actually works
really well it smells really good the
flavors kind of go well together I added
some red onion as well the peppers hi
are you almost ready can you set the
table for me oh oh that's not really
nice right looks like Julie fitting the
tape on her own hello friends if I don't
actually make it to tonight hopefully
Anna will continue on the vlogs but this
is not a man flu this is this is serious
this is a real flow okay combined with
sunstroke and a little bit of man flu
and they're just for fun too and being
the hottest day in the world doesn't
help either so thanks to everybody who's
always left nice comments and supported
us and subscribe to us and been here for
the last five or six years whatever it's
been I would appreciate that
you know I think read your comments and
your Twitter's and your Facebook's and
snapchats and the tumblr is and all the
other things that are on the Internet
I'll read the internet sometimes too
it's an interesting read also hater
people don't be don't be a hater
it's like don't no one cares you know
I'm like if you surround yourself
negativity and stuff the law of
attraction says the negativity is going
to be in your life
so waste your time nobody cares all
right that's my word of advice hopefully
it'll be a vlog tomorrow
this is Joe free jokes signing F
hopefully we have logged tomorrow and
I'll still be alive but if not thanks
didn't even remember making that clip to
be honest but I did feel a lot better
this morning when I woke up but I think
the gist a delusional flu fasted
Jonathan was trying to say is dad haters
will turn on you whereas friends never
will
it's a good quote isn't it that's what I
was thinking of as I was listening to
myself saying I was like yeah it's true
actually friends are friends and haters
are always turning on each other so if
you want to be a friend be a friend it's
way better anyway hope you enjoyed video
dude likes in the comments and the
subscriptions and the Google pluses why
not just why not give it know Google+
I'll see you guys tomorrow good bye
