thanks Obama they're so helpful
are you ready today because today's is
out of this
have you ever wanted to experience a
Tesla a world where the cars are powered
by electricity for three days you can
have your very own Model X from Tesla
all you have to do friends to win is
enter using the hashtag SJ Exodus and
don't forget to act test the rent UK
where would you go if you had your own
spaceship go forth enter and you could
have a spaceship
I can't wait for Christmas
saw the Christmas
it says well done for being good guys
here's your award keep up the good work
well the pink ones for Amelia
the blue ones for Eduardo care for of
the snow look what you got for being
good yeah the chocolates no no he lost
care for the snow media don't get snow
in your uniform
hello friends I've got some interesting
news to share with you well it's just
came out of my head you may ask
oh yeah Tesla Model X it is how cool is
this car we're gonna just fold that up
you just go ahead and fold that up
extremely bad for the environment
extremely good for the environment
extremely noisy extremely quiet this car
friends is very different how do I get
in oh okay the door opens itself oh my
goodness and check this out what you got
one two three four five and six have you
turned it on this car right it's a
proper 7 seater as you can see there's
two seats there I had been folding them
because it seems in the back so we have
two in the back two in the middle and
two at the front which is so cool so the
reason I'm in this car today friends two
reasons number one reason is that I've
been considering I need a seven seater
I've been considering the Model X I got
in touch with these guys tree fpv they
are an electronic car rental company
they have electronic vehicles for car
rentals so I figured why don't I like
rent one of these and tested to see if I
actually like it and then while I was
talking to them I was talking to my -
yeah Xmas and they have given me a car
if you give me a car they're gonna give
you a car I'm gonna give someone a Tesla
Model X blue weekend how amazing is that
what you've already seen from the intro
from the s Jackson State
how cool is that it's not major what I I
can cause it from here right
you know the idea is that you're sitting
in try your parking and there's no kid
parking yeah so there's like there's two
seats to here and then two at the back
that's amazing I had to push them up
it's a seven-seater that's mom did like
look at the keys and he just got like oh
when I close that door and I want to
close this door and then she goes oh oh
my god it's a spaceship actually so cool
okay but how do we start the car okay um
oh I was here okay
were you talking the gate first oh do
you have the gate opener okay opener
theme I think the car might be on oh my
goodness it just it just goes look at
the camera but it's so quiet I thought
the car was turned off okay
oh my goodness Oh
gives you like the amount of inches it
is like a spaceship in here this is so
weird
it's mental it's like it is like a
spaceship but it doesn't make any noise
it's all good
so doesn't actually like drive itself
that it has it just have the autopilot
hang on it I'm not ready yes
no I'm in pain
no they are punchy Jonathan there's no
gears this is it we have courses no gear
just coke using my character no no but
it's not even like this is insane its
basic driving an iPad yeah it is this is
like an iPod right here I love the back
it just goes on for miles I was worried
that I would miss like you know because
I do have a huge like you know namine
SDR supercharged petrol car well I think
this is cool I think yeah I love that
you can fit the whole family in we
should try it we're gonna try it later
we're gonna get everyone in it yeah but
like the fact that you can have Alessi
in the back you meaning add water there
and nobody squish no one squished we're
in a sequester situation right now guys
like not right now but like this is cool
though if you guys want to test one just
rent one from 3f or Wendy's Jax is today
yeah how cool is this price I would not
this is pretty cool
I may not actually give this one away
I'm at will give it to yourself yeah
almost tweet the man yeah just tweet to
enter wash is this what's - Jonathan
don't cuz it might just start driving on
its own what why was a spaceship on
Spaceship wouldn't know it's a spaceship
oh oh we dress unicorns
okay
okay I don't think they're actual things
and I mean they're oh no we're not
we are they've got it wrong work no
that's yeah I think Alessia is talking
heads I heard her talking the car there
you know he talks could say that she
kind of said that she was saying like
maybe she's like maybe she speaks like a
different language
no like today if you watch my in stories
from today yeah she just sounds like an
alien and then she's got this thing
where she was like I was like she's like
mmhmm like just making sounds but not
actually talking no no I was like are
you an alien but it's raining it's
raining
I know cutting the rain out in the rain
it's like proper storming down what did
this happen right now it wasn't like
this will you end up first off oh my
goodness can we have it last year with
us all right thank you all right now
face though it's stalking cicada in
order to freeze yeah media that me has
come in a different car today
jump in skeet pastillas here
it's a magical Karski imposter - yeah
you can sit anywhere you want look this
room right there as well do you love it
can you and look this room in the back
as well if you want to see people in the
back as well so we are all home from
school and we are all tired and you may
be I just noticed me in the head Oh
Eduardo I like your jumper mate I like
your jumper what a shame and I can ask
you the same things as our matching
twinsies twinning
yeah twitter twitter twinsies alright we
are almost finished cool guys it's
almost Christmas holidays school
holidays one more day guys one more day
so you gonna date they're finished
tomorrow like a half day are you ready
guys half day tomorrow and then that's
it and then it's Christmas holidays are
you excited
I tried it and I don't even listening to
me can take and leave a comment down
below if you if if you think and Alessia
is going to say daddy first
oh mama fast yeah what do you think
she's my dough I think unless he's going
to say Dada first that's my vote unless
he's gonna say Dada
and whenever Alessia says her first word
guys were gonna intercut this moment
here from this vlog and we're gonna see
who wins
you ready so Eduardo what you doing I
see is first where it's gonna be
charlatans think their first words gonna
be Dada I know what do you think your
first where it's gonna be oh yeah what
do you think your first words gonna be
mama mama
okay well good luck Eduardo with your
hello hello what he says hello is it me
you're looking for yeah but I'll kick it
off and she's like look it's so cute
guys so cute who's the tallest who's the
smallest do you wanna walking us here do
Anna Walker to want to talk go let's see
you go I go and I see I go she walked
into the bathroom yeah all right say
goodbye never all of our friends now
leave a comment but if you say
last word is see you guys tomorrow or
one day closer to Christmas by alessio
punch it punch it no don't put your hand
over the camera you gotta go boom
