good morning so there's 20 days until LA
until VidCon and I'm kind of freaking
out so and I started this like get fit
sting challenge thing to kind of like in
preparation for LA I'm not going to like
so it's going to be hot weather and like
I want to look good No
so I'm going to challenge myself today
I'm going to do a 21 minute walk with
I've decided I'm going to take Cena so
we're going to find Stephen now and then
I need to film this hall here all of
these clothes for tomorrow so that plan
didn't really work out
they just got too excited so I'm just
gonna take them off for a walk I'm just
gonna do - bye - bye - oh my goodness I
almost forgot to put out the bins well I
did forget to put the bins last night
huh
what can she hear the dogs barking from
here you know that stress and you
realize you forgot to put the bins at
night before and then you can hear I get
here the truck then the road I was like
yeah okay
he's water bringing his turtle for a
walk huh he bringing a turtle for a walk
mister let's see what our temperature
situations like here
Oh 29 how hot is 29 degrees C what's
this like oh that's that's alright that
is you can talk that hot but it's not
that coal liner see you see you're gonna
go swimming today with Haley
who's Haley yeah who's Haley Haley your
sister
no Oh Mike I got my hunting she's your
cousin yeah she's coming today what
auntie Ruth I told her to ring or swim
clothes so they can go for a swim
that'd be fun its water
my face long it might be hot we hope
hopefully it'll be hot close the back
over so it gets nice and warm will we
yeah I don't know oh I hope not
so I think I've done 26 minutes so far I
am sweating like a pig Oh probably
shouldn't have done my makeup this
morning before the walk but feeling
really good here we are last walk and
this is absolutely killer I am sweating
makeup in 26 minutes so far so my
sister's flight arrives at about half 12
it's now about half 10 ish I think I
might head over and pick up a gazebo for
the hot tub because to see all that
there's lots of trees and stuff sitting
over it and I don't want them to fall in
a plus like you know you know it's like
the evening time and you want like a
little bit of privacy you can like close
the gazebo over and it's almost like a
little hot tub room which is nice and
private and cozy and stuff like that so
I'm yeah and they're down that expensive
you know all their worlds like folding
up one so I'm gonna go and pick one up
for a kissy there it's like this tree
here this tree here like drops these big
lumpy things all the time because that
whole area is always covered in them so
it's like if we get like a square I
measure that so it's tree by like that's
three by four but we leave it's free by
tree and I'll set a tree by tree is only
the tree tree tree and I kind of sit
over like that it'll be cool like mm-hmm
now what we're gonna do mister mister
man all right hello see the little
bathroom man whoa
your new bounces one one David oh he's a
great dancer decent bounces right oh no
in his own time he's an artist he's
assumed is expressing himself hey what
are we going to media Oh Haley and who
auntie root yeah yeah okay come on daddy
we're at the airport loves I wish I
could just record I mean those
conversations that she talks about what
she's just sitting in the back of the
car huh why are you telling us funny
conversations no friend of ours is like
she's like friend
she was like her daddy's not there then
and she was trying to explain to me that
like did you say you have your daddy see
I have my daddy all the time I was like
oh my god it's not funny how a child can
comprehend you know the dynamics of a
relationship or a family and so for that
especially was really sad as well the
way she's explaining it you know it was
like oh
hopefully you'll always have your mommy
or daddy I say turn Arrivals you wanna
walk in this all right okay
okay you can walk in this yourself you
just don't think a child is going to be
able to comprehend or understand some
sort of topics like that but it's
amazing every time I move in you're
going to side
mm-hmm
we walked in your quest advisor
beep okay her flyff arrived in ten
minutes ago a bit early I hope she was
like a left or something so we're going
to look around here for a lost Irish
person with a small trials and hopefully
find out they're right you tell me BC
Haley this is how you professionally
wait for someone at the airport
Oh still no sign of Rudy which is
concerning
always bring your phone when you're
traveling me laughs yeah I can't pick
you up
the woman without a phone made it over
here five just rang me no he need yeah
no hello people walking past or it was
just too early and I was like must be
this plane is heaney the heiress's so
yeah you know just good chance it can
Haney you give Amy a hug give me a hug
oh good a few hours we'll be best
friends
big Eduardo Zack going for his workers
honey God Stan
here's Alec he actually does it like
like like a potato looking at Italy
oh my god is it so cute it's okay still
have you actually walked over there and
actually does it himself
oh there's the crazy zoom Wow oh my
goodness that seems nuts when it does
that just go back to normal mode
all right so Hannah is filming who's
chalice is going on
it's gonna add a channel and so many
people are asking about at the fitness
routine hey drew artist coming to watch
you are though so they're gonna do we're
gonna they're gonna record a video of
the full routine except somebody it's
just driving up and by practice really
loudly yeah yeah you have an ice cream
what what did you dream of that to my
new best friend maybe you want to see a
new best friend
what is your new best friend and I
assumed she seemed plan was wrong yeah
can I see huh is it hey me yeah can you
hear her I want I want to see hand cut
that yes here in her bed yeah
okay come on so there's no naps going on
yeah no sleeping going on tonight okay
you have to go we have to knock on her
door you have a bad dream did you for a
nice dream okay so we've established
nobody oh yeah which one you want to
wear just got the new white one we've
got the aux yeux hold on a second half
of these probably aren't even fit you
anymore today
mm oh that's why it is big all right I
don't know what that is that's a sock or
something um which one you want be one
doing it get these little packs
debuggers okay let's check the
temperature
it's currently at 35 sounds warm enough
to me doesn't it five degrees can't be
that much these clear when I go ceiling
no forget you in Italy ganga dogs okay
let's go find your am what you call them
the armbands okay well this is for wardo
he wakes up if he wants to come swimming
we have the little water door armbands
oh there's a boat over there and me Leo
probably want to sit in her boat all
right we have the bass on your bathing
you drink we put the boat in okay um but
Eve Amelia can stand at the winner's I
lose it warm all right stop it is that
cool
yes Yankee can swim of course you can
they can naturally swim oh look at her
I know first in first in the order go
Bianca go Bianca go go go yeah yeah hope
you like Alison swim later let her go no
way you're so clever the dangers of
szubin which ops got another one here we
go in CEO case oh look she wants to go
are you serious Nevaeh is actually
wanting to go in don't do Vania go
Nevaeh why do they all go for hailey
it's like it's like they know I know I
can say hey that is amazing
hey new Verity likes it she's not
freaking out oh wait she's trying to get
out no no no I don't have escaped oh
come on dude
alright hey wanna come in they're so
weird I think they don't realize this
water
Oh
Japan is it come on
are you okay no it's why those turn he's
that look yeah you can stand Wow oh my
god even realize that there is sweetness
it's okay all right started I'm gonna
get in make my head wanna whoop
you wanna whooping oh my two babies we
all gonna go into the water
dinner is served after our hot tub
surprise Lorena has cooked up for us
look at this thing looks like a healthy
selection of selection selected food
healthy there you go Oh
oh thanks look at all the children's and
the house you're all right you bring
yours over beside me
nice doggie what is tire yeah hired as
turnips
after that we run after like two or
three hours so much fun oh my god so
glad the kids actually like when you
enjoy it and like it oh it's a water
snake my friends - my friends -
boyfriend boy boy boy friend my friends
on a scale of 1 to 10 how much fun was
that even watching it how much fun was
that it was so much fun oh my god only
the best purchase I've ever made
who's so much fun at the kids enjoyed it
like and then we turned the jack things
on never just it's just really cool like
you know and this is cuz they're not
like you know they're not like hot tub
jets you know it's not really powerful
they just kind of like bubbly jets you
know so it's really really nice you know
and then added myself and I'm I got the
40 last night we got it dipped in a
little bit it was like really nice it's
chilling out but I'm gonna pick up a
gazebo thing really cool to kind of
create a little privacy and then I was
like I'll get some real fake trees we
make like a little little home spa
anyway hope enjoyed video gives know
like gives no comment and leave a
comment of which dog you think we should
put in the pool next haha but
