Oh beautiful good morning fruits do you
guys I'm have permission to come down
here do you know the password do you
know the password do you know the
password it'll man oh let's put the
towel here order towel these unlock on
these all towels okay your permission to
enter your foot stuck Eduardo okay enter
last one Lipsett success you want me to
give you this
you can't get up snacks in the morning
time
well banana how about I get you a banana
how about we get you a or none what's
this very good okay come on over here oh
now you want to come down banana you
want a banana
good morning doggy friends morning
Jackie
how are we all doing how are we all
doing see not crazy Xena hmm you all do
it Oh healthy your feeling today huh
still feeling today is he actually going
to the snack bar to get raisins yep
seriously
you can't have raisins for breakfast
just cute okay come on I like to call
these the breakfast you get two boxes of
breakfast cereal you can go into shoes
we call them the breakfast you say
hashtag breakfast you also good for
moonwalking
comedians training director Xu how does
it feel he has the field day what do you
think are you it would you be interested
in owning a pair do you want to wear
them to nursery and ballet can you show
me some of your ballet moves in the
breakfast shoe just to demonstrate the
ability to dance it arrived this morning
oh my goodness like people give any idea
what this is right we got a rush off
though I'm rushing off to London now so
I'm not gonna be able to open it until
we got back for that it's gonna be
awesome it's going to change our way of
life at the present for all of us feel
like Victoria is like my second home
it's like the number one place we come
to when coming to London always visit
Victoria I know but someone you know
some other people probably go to a
different translation
Wendy it's missing go is in leads do you
wipe that blood Peter with a shop called
like journey friends oh I was like I
want a journey friend hey we're heading
never eye drops here places ginormic no
but one time we went to the little
sandwich thing and one time we've got to
me a cookie we get there I'll put the
process I know right we're heading to
ourselves
why do so many people there this is
something happening tonight looking
other people one thing you have going to
Google is that you would never miss the
building decided all right this is it's
the hardest part
there is no parking right here the race
is on your own
why we'll make it we'll make it well
google it
are you going look pause here class here
don't do it - next one
we're in the magical elevator but
jessica's here during our ugly everyday
at support oh she's a cute kid keep
working to the Bruins so we're at a
Google and we're having a salad and a
salad and salad
we basically order the same thing what
is it it's red here onion
No
and then I beat you like that anyway
every time you come to YouTube you seem
to come over here afterwards
alright we're liking the black cab we're
on our way
Victoria you gotta train it was a quick
trip on it yeah that was like me though
oh wow that's how it was really but that
was it I'm gonna order that I don't want
the Bieber was amazing sauce spiraling
where's that picture from an Instagram
picture
oh my God look at that look at me
there's a face Eduardo so much
and we're back in our hometown it's
actually warmer here right without the
Train were like oh my god it keeps
getting the warmer here will be the home
better surprise
- the phone video myself good day it's a
good day for it although I think it
actually takes like 12 hours to heat up
for something we're home
have you guessed what this was yet are
you ready for this this is like a 6 to 8
one cuz I was like if we turn off if we
like heat the water up and then turn off
all the Jets and stuff it on it's
essentially a pool for the kids to swim
in what is that like ah this seems quite
serious look at the size of this thing
um yeah this is this is pretty oh you
got filters and stuff oK we've
established that we plug this pump thing
in here it's just gonna take forever
lads so I'm gonna time-lapse it for your
humour let's put here like this okay
this is a spacious Amelia Amelia you
want to see something cool no no it's
over here on the grass Wow do you know
what that is assuming fool do you want
to go and put your swim in huh hello
7000 attorneys assume on you want to see
it come on we haven't added water yet we
have to add some water you want to help
daddy build it you know why though he's
like it does buddy it's a certainty of
your drag okay well we add the water
with it we're doing this
we missed you we missed you a Merry
Christmas we miss - Merry Christmas
so do you now grow fill begins come back
in a few days should be done ok Melia is
freaking out because she thinks I'm
gonna put her into the pool I was going
to a minute ago right watch this okay
come here Amelia come on what you want
to get in come on we put come on we put
you in what you gonna call mommy but
come on we just jump in quickly just
really quickly just really quickly come
on
but just jump in really quickly come on
don't tell mommy no no you guys you know
look she's hitting on your toys take it
out
oh yeah yo hey leave yeah okay we've
made a terrible mistake we're actually
gonna put it over there where I've just
cleaned up we're gonna buy a gazebo or
something tomorrow but we can't move the
tank and now we're trying to empty it
and this is not working this whole place
is soaked hello it like empty so slowly
we couldn't move it nope
so now she's empty it manually I almost
fell in a minute ago mpfi game oh thank
you oh it's better shop okay well hold
on daddy's do you want to get in hello
Cleo
okay we're going to try and bend the
thing over I tried to submit it again
almost fell in so I figure I should
probably record it breathing
Oh
yeah yellow wait don't walk in it don't
walk in a whole areas full of water let
me see your bum oh did you walk it
Oh is he steps as he stepped in it yeah
look at his face like some things out
right here yeah you guys are busy so
I've closed up the pool I'll put the lid
on it so we're just gonna leave it here
for a while it's probably gonna take
quite a while to fill up there we're
gonna leave it in here closed over and
get it filled up we were knowing he
likes we were naughty oh boy oh boy we
have a situation here
this
okay okay everyone stay calm stay cool
and stay collective everything's okay oh
no what happened you know what happened
I was coming home and a good song came
on radio put it into sport mode so
basically it's whoever that was mm-hmm
Tara heard their fault their fault
entirely somebody got new pair shoes
oh they're so cute
do you like the middle man oh oh did you
give it a stomp did you give it a stomp
and stomp let's go Oh keep your shoes
you're a big boy now in your new shoes
couple hours later let's check our
progress it's slow progress is slow oh
you swing water in there well I think
we're a bit off friends go yeah what a
while still a while away so might not
happen tonight all right say bye friends
say what what say bye friends what hey
you getting new shoes for everybody just
to fully understand the situation here I
think it was about four o'clock no yeah
I was about half three when I opened the
package the kids are all in bed
we are just past the minimum seven
literally all day it's taken four we're
just passed the minimum selling in fact
I might actually start start cooking it
up
all right let's plug this in and then I
test the machine out so just button
oh boy
oh boy
look at this date
that is insane this is going to be so
much fun lads
so I actually left the ad thing cooking
overnight and I checked it this morning
and it's had about 3035 or something
like that so it's almost at 40 I'm not
sure what the ideal temperature is that
it's supposed to be it kind of defaults
to 40 I don't know I've never owned a
hot tub so when you guys on how to do
some comments let me know I'm so excited
to see what the kids are like and my
sister's flying into into London today
with her daughter Haley he's the same
age as Amelia so it's gonna be so I
actually text her last night I was like
bring a swim clothes I made a rash
purchase anyway hope you enjoyed today's
video umm gives know like gives no
comment a subscription if you will and I
will see you guys tomorrow bye
