do you have the Penguins do you have
penguins Eduardo we're in a bit of a a
bit of a search for penguins this
morning she woke me up jumped into bed
as I do you have the Penguins like
alright who who's the penguin did you
find any more penguins hello friends
so I have just been to the doctor
because I am finally getting to the root
of my problems in life oh my gays I
think it's been about I was about 20 or
so right so it's like 15 years or
something to go when I first experienced
sort of like spasming and trapped guys
and you know what I mean just like
problems with food you know and I've
kind of lifted them because they have me
not bad but like the older I get the
more I feel like I'm allergic to food
and kind of could I dairy for a while to
see if it have an effect and it did have
a slight of fact you know but something
was like so hit and miss you know
sometimes it would like affect me and
then sometimes a wouldn't you know and
for the last two weeks I have gone 100%
dairy-free like I am eating dark
chocolate one chocolates needed um like
when I go to restaurants and stuff I get
the dairy super dairy free meal
sometimes I would still get the effect
and I'm like what is going on so I've
just been to the doctor we scheduled in
some blood tests you said worst-case
scenario we're gonna stick a camera up
your bum I'm hoping that's not God we're
not getting that far but you can we're
gonna look up this thing it's called a
food the food map diet fogged my fodmap
diet he's like do some research into
this what's going on here guys it's an
important meeting going on it's a cake
I'll couch no read your nose birthday oh
happy birthday weirdo how old is the
wino now 20 months Wow
happy 21 birthday Ordo are all your
friends in wardo is he having birthday
cake yeah you wanted a Lego birthday
cake today
so this morning I went to the doctors
this afternoon tio is going to the vet
everybody else has gone off Theodore
unfortunately it's going to the vets
he's having issues Amelia is now
coughing up a storm
that make you feel better so get that
Solow it will make your troll better
thanks coughing Eduardo is a feeding do
one little bit at a time you like you
busy little man back to work one at a
time I'll sit down now pop up again and
I sit over here fifteen little pebble
hello this is a good time because tio
hasn't eaten for the last few days he's
been having sort of bad poops yeah we're
gonna bring him to the vet a few hours
to get check that all right gonna get
Amelia so cal pearl and Tico Litro we
haven't actually got any good well but
Brasher should get in ticularly trophies
actually the first time one of our kids
has like a cop for a team leader of
thing just keeps coughing over and over
again
so frogs stuck in a truck a little frog
from the ad he was like playing at her
tongues and stuff so I think we also
need a barbecue we're gonna sit over
Antonia
as you know I made a rash purchase I
kind of lay mouthy for the encouragement
in my rash purchase which is going to be
delivered in the next few days it's
gonna be a hospital I think I need a
barbecue to go with my rash purchase
maybe some seeds cuttings and some
compost and maybe loves just wanted to
show you guys some of my work it
I'm here with Lucy again so we're doing
ABS and then lower straight back down
and instead of having your arms bent
like we would normally to the side this
creates the longer leaders to work just
do ten of these let's keep that going
that's good and also with this as you
come back down you breathe in so you get
ready to breathe out now as you come up
and then you just lift that's good six
take it five go four three two one then
rest that upper body down legs straight
toes pointed and abs pulled in tight
palms face up and now lower the legs
down
and then draw it straight back up that's
good we're doing ten of these never seen
her lessons did you know he beat me up
Tio's went to the vets mm-hmm hopefully
he's okay
all righty oh is that teal no
something's wrong because he's never
when I when has all the dogs this
morning tio is like why aren't I going
with them huh
don't you know something's up huh gonna
be all right till I told you be okay
I told you to be okay huh that's funny
because I was here you guys remember I
was here an affair
a couple of months back the exact same
thing hmm as I said the girl and we're
like same thing that's funny but they
are related
could you gonna be okay huh oh sorry
morning again my little friendly his
friend Lee's friend a new iPad what
alright that's cracked isn't it
nevermind nevermind okay yeah you
getting a new iPad later
wha oh cool what are you getting a new
iPad phone and iPad a bouquet yeah no
it's broken
never mind never mind we got it back in
there what not sure at the shop what oh
when oh when the winds not happening
shall I I could like I can anyone you're
getting a mini iPad
okay you cannot charge it is it worked
sure but what - John I'm in there okay
got one too but I think in any all iPad
you want me to charge the mini iPad for
you yeah maybe for your birthday it's
your birthday very soon yeah maybe we
can I getting
Princess bloodshed kite are you having
your princess birthday cake it's gonna
be so much fun
yes I want that and then you know I
can't and my bad side yeah yeah well
like a pill and a half your two and a
half now yeah soon then you'll be tree
wow yeah wow you're very clever you know
that yeah you know uh-huh
maybe okay gotta pick an outfit might be
let's order to pink and fast address
yeah okay we can wear a dress
yeah and the pretty bow yes everything
fresh y'all yeah maybe pick up pick up a
baby
a Peppa Pig one yeah okay will we go
wake up Eduardo yeah okay let's go where
no getting the night back for a birthday
having a princess party wearing a pretty
dress and I think she said something
about Peppa Pig hmm she's a tall plant
hello mr. bedhead you can't believe it
Lloyd oh it's not her birthday till
September don't listen to her okay even
though we had a birthday party for
Eduardo earlier on today for some reason
well rather have lunch I had no idea
where I would prefer just my life she
wins it well
yeah I did not know where it was I got a
drop job and the guy was like like my
time every night
like no I'm pretty sure it's not and you
like
yeah
we Jessica's into reading from Facebook
yep we're here
yeah
I remember getting this when I got my
teeth boys back soon
rather think up to as I have
my wedding really I want to be this
shady added white or this one right now
so Mommy has left me alone with you and
Amelia what you offer dinner hmm what do
you want for dinner mr. waggoman
only you want snacks what do you want
for dinner that's gonna look at him he
knows you knows what the man wants deny
monstro Gertz yogurt to melt oh wait you
want you want you want raisins as well
anything else
hmm no I gotta make it dinner first
dinner first word Oh dinner first word
oh we're going to make this British beef
you want to turn it into some sort of a
Bolognese Bolognese you really want this
to you the really really really wanted
do you really really really want this
don't tell mommy
that's the Ministry of Defense over
there
how confused I was because I got out of
the taxi here this is where the event
son and it just doesn't look like I was
like surprised when he stopped the car
so now we're going to see if we can have
some dinner
Francesca I was just being a map avoid
any restaurants and we need we need like
a sauna so we go to the end part where
you say nearest should we go this way
this way I was like why you asking me I
get lost in our town like all the time I
take one wrong turns in my car and I'm
like Oh God and it's really small small
town you better get lost hey what was
that
konnichi chunk oh good boy
hey hey okay goodbye ring ring ring ring
hey hello hello can I speak to Amelia
please
Oh with this one okay hello can I speak
to Amelia please hello Amelia you want
to play with me well finish your meat
could you've eaten all your pasta
Eduardo is currently feeding where the
doggies they're nice are you a doggy
good doggy begging for food
you're gonna beat the talking into our
dough come on we gotta feed the doggie
look give the donkey Oh give the doggie
some pasta Oh doggies running away good
doggy
looking at my everything look it's very
romantic
yeah I think I'm gonna get this one here
oh not that you can see anything but I
think I'm gonna get this one here look
we got some like cherry tomatoes some
cool bread and wider would have both of
them go positron escaping it's not
Narnia
what are you helping me probably all
finished our dinner hi hi did you have
all your dinner yeah whoa right out so
can you just read not stop it where you
opened your fun
so anyway like everything in my video
for Jessica's dessert
that's mine Oh No
what you're angry
what are you angry for mr. castle
get out of my castle she's so funny
sometimes she was just like give me
orders or tell me what mood to be in or
oh she's hilarious
it's like her imagination is woken up
and she's like playing and stuff anyway
check out that end slate that says Oh II
made that one cheated me today but I'd
already picked the one they found her
tailoring yesterday so I was like I'll
stick it in today handmade it's so funny
look anyway thanks for watching today's
video gives know like comment and a
subscription and I'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
