good morning Amelia where we going
you're gonna bring a flower why are you
bringing a flower to baby what are we
going to liquor boy ballet are we going
to doggy ballet are we going to daddy
ballet yeah are we going to baby ballet
well are we going to big girl ballet
yeah yeah big girl ballet come on let's
go come on quickly
you can come soon wardo you can some
soon wardo cuz you're such a little
ballerina yesterday and Cleo yeah I
caught you I caught you there I cut you
caught on tape yeah see you later word
oh yeah okay see you later kiddo and
I'll be oh they left behind
maybe he's got that what's that things
always said I had fro most from reading
of me overcome that fear of being left
out from us
what oh the flower watches me it does a
little bit actually yeah obviously
geez what me that is my pin yeah your
pink is very nice
you have the nicest pink gin Ola yeah my
calm a client here akela Knesset talk to
you or Tara virus it is becoming harder
and harder to get parking because this l
older class is an hour later than the
younger class
still on they take all the spots Tran is
doing a video with all the dogs straight
off
how many dogs have you done don't worry
easy to this theory the last two yes
if you ever wanted to know all the
information about our doggies and this
made an entire video about them an
office dog was first did you go first
huh did you go first element Oh gonna
getcha I'm gonna getcha I'm gonna getcha
I'm gonna getcha alright gonna getcha Oh
little cutie
you're a little cute boy and all that
little Viking huh your little cutie pie
huh
are you doing cutie pie hmm what do you
think hey why is there a shoe up there
you want to put on Betty shoes you want
to put on that issues to put in more
effort okay you want another shoe you
like that what are you two up to
what do you do Oh No okay oh no no no
don't don't do it don't do it don't do
it cliff
don't do it don't you no no don't you do
it don't dude
oh she got on me like a monkey a monkey
dog your monkey dog hey hope you guys
can open gates see you naming it RV got
a click Amelia oh my goodness what
happened did you go into the mind
Oh what did you say to him
number one rat fuel pump number one and
Amelia went in and she just said
nothing's like number one yes you did
yes you do
yes there Doh Doh I love ya love ya
come on cuz mommy and daddy have to go
out yeah you go in guys no go in there
Anna - you got the receipt she's like I
love Petro though you said yeah I have
Petra
now you could listen to me here now
where's white oh my god did you miss him
yeah you're wearing the same stripy top
today Oh Disney Junior oh he's me junior
word oh yeah don't directly oh no you
sister loves you do you love your
brother oh she's she's locked in she's
locked in um what exactly is happening
here
Marnell is happily just dragging it
really around it today did it did it did
it did it it did it did it in here she's
happy being dragged around he's happy
pushing her and off you gotta go
backwards pull it backwards there you go
there you go you got it now
alright forward Oh what no ace of us
what Oh what do you say Oh why's it on
you from the top rope from the top rope
can you say hacksaw jim duggan if you
guys remember after W world wrestling
like 70 when I rosy on that puck so
Jimbo good alright mr. Sleater Gator I'm
not gonna tell you what's happening
we'll see you later okay bike Johnson is
scaring so Ellen I'll be myself Estill
we had the wind booked here many times i
watch the vlog back and it's like so
blah blah and it's up here or it's like
this part of my hair I'm filming like
under those
a good strand I do that when I talk to
Nala I miss because I can't do what you
guys do look I'll be no winner yeah
because yeah I don't know we want to get
into that jess is gonna be money that's
I know I just said exacting team enjoy I
thought I'm always happy for everything
we're weird you are late for everything
I know I'll feel it for every different
it's like whenever there's like a cute
it's like he's a couple that's always
late everyone be like Sophie and I'm
like it's not me it's outfit it's not me
it's me
you watched into my hair my makeup a 40
minutes that's a good amount of time to
do it
Angela I feel like we're having an
argument earlier you on the phone and he
was like I'm
because like I'm standing outside I'm
getting wet I was like yo don't have any
clothes on but you would have to dry
your beard more than your head I know
okay you run your blow-dry still shampoo
and conditioner and I'll take care about
it keeps you a scalp help me yes help
yourself
wash tag help these guys yeah so we're
going to see a movie a scary movie
what's going in insidious insidious
chapter it's free some point doors
anyone maybe to the left hand lane at
some point at some point come on sugar
yeah we have five minutes in the movie
stars Alfie seems to think he's gonna
edit upload a vlog get to the cinema via
taxi I'm just gonna use that before us I
know pretty funny when standing back
yeah we thinner just 20 minutes of ads
before the movie alright and it is now
wait a minute past movies probably will
be started and we are figuring out okay
you're in okay so okay we're in
Churchill
p3c pretreat
we should just call myself oh yeah would
it be long time you look why do you look
so confused every level lift to mom hey
this isn't in this actual cover
there's no time for tomfoolery so I just
asked the guy how many how long guys
dropped when he actually said 25 minutes
so I guess Alfie was right no one tell
him nobody tell him he's never gonna why
he's never gonna wipe this vlog so we're
okay you can get you yeah yeah
I'm so pointless we are here
we made it in time yeah he does it so
far inside a pretty scary movie
what's that Zoe Zoe brought two bikes to
the cinema so I was thinking I don't
want to miss the movie it's all ready to
go I could just use these bags ready
strategy that's good
alright movie is over there
there's not there was a lot of - carpark
well-trained looks like the carpark
we're in awesome we sure I don't know
Joey kept saying go up to shop oh my god
it's good
this was a blog from like what three
years ago yeah Anya anytime Anna's me I
was alone like regeni no compunction
like I wish Jamie is probably watching
this video yeah
are you mocking Jamie's book my husband
Jamie I wish a future that's me but I
wish it Jonathan had Jamie Oliver's
talents
Oh Talan hey that's one way at that is
one wish you want Jamie Oliver to feed
you unfortunately that's not how that
goes but yeah and we were actually
sitting you're talking about and Zoey
way found dad's blog in one go no I know
Rose don't take shorter just say I was
like a really funny video of one of your
old blogs where Anna was like oh
Jamie if you're watching this smells
like he could act now he probably could
actually see it when then I remembered
it was a bit of a monumental organ
when you move into your house is easy to
find I'm not that creepy it was loads of
pasta yeah yeah yeah every day welcome
to good burger home of the good burger
can I take your order so obvious got any
time we are basically just like stopped
in the middle of the road I'm hoping a
car is not going to come that was I
can't I'll be fine no one no one's
pretty gonna come up this road like just
pull in like just just put pull in here
a lot Park than just like in the middle
of the road hopefully uh hopefully alpha
gets back in time people are kind of
looking at me kind of oddly
which man you don't wear that's like
vegetarian shoes look vegetarian shoes
we got the good burger we got a good
burger that's and look I got this thing
right remember we got gourmet burger
kitchen anyway anyway Chinese hello
world famous in New Zealand wait for it
wait for it wait for it wait for it look
world-famous
in New Zealand but I don't eat well my
decision is Newseum famous oh yeah so
how gonna be world-famous in New Zealand
that's a good foot I'm well famished in
this house yeah come to Zoe no Penelope
has to - okay don't even have to get up
yeah we just punched out yeah and then
you swap this is what the evening has
like rest here now
nope is always personal trainer yeah
well is it good yeah but one day out
yeah you put the right now 50 come on
come on oh my god
yeah we're going we've been trying to go
for like that I went out yeah I have to
take you never push it's okay
should we we're not reenacted
slow-motion look at this
ah I did okay
all right Harry clunking I was like
what's a clunking I'm just here to film
things for dalla
all right we're gonna go home bye
friends goodbye brand latest you've ever
into the road I know that even 25mm
boyfriend's echo one go on go on
never fear will you have a cuppa tea and
now go 1/5 virtual fee actually just
weed I was like anyone got em Zoe and
Alfie Anna and I myself and the kids
like an end slate or something
this one came in and I was like oh my
god that's classic
what I think anyway I hope you enjoyed
today's video give it know like leave me
a Juicy Couture comment and as you get
tomorrow thank you bye bye
