what's up everybody welcome to
carmel-by-the-sea California I'm
vlogging today I have a show today and I
always feel like I don't know whenever I
have a show day I just feel like I need
to vlog I have huge swollen eyes look at
that I just look so tired and it's
because I had to wake up 5:00 am fly
here this morning and some really pee
it's gonna be a fun bang because
Rachel's here and Corey's here I'm here
but yeah it's gonna be a fun time so I'm
on bring y'all with me what's up guys so
I just did the mean green and it was
smoke today cuz this theater smaller
it's like 700 seat theater the meet and
greet was only 100 people usually we do
200 people so it went by I felt like it
went by fast but everyone was really
really sweet and just adorable and I
loved it so we're gonna go through some
of the presents right now oh look at
that tripod that doesn't exist so let's
see what we got honey bunny little
present it's a puzzle
oh she oh it's for the Bellinger kiddos
this an evil zombie honey I love you see
I'm opening their card I'm so tacky but
I want to say thank you to whoever gave
us this love Maureen oh that's so sweet
thank you they're gonna love this and
I'm totally gonna try to do it with them
so alright yeah we have a card to me
this one's for me oh just fell out of it
okay this flower we had a cat named
sweetheart and she would bring us dead
animals and put them on our front porch
but then she stopped doing that and she
started bringing these flowers like this
every single day
Oh sparkling cider thank you so much
she knows I don't drink I drink alcohol
on very special occasions and it's
usually like one sip of wine or one sip
of champagne so thank you our journey to
meeting Colleen ballinger oh look at
this it's like a journal Brittany oh my
goodness
oh this is amazing oh well yellow tie
one of these is for Parker this is
Parker's favorite color he's obsessed
with anything yellow he will freak out
over that there are little cards that
you're supposed to open if you're
feeling sad feeling happy feeling
whatever I love those as associate a bad
mom you know the way to my heart dark
chocolate I mean y'all red flower whoa
live laugh love a little note this
is cute which I've always filling me up
so quickly so this is amazing thank you
so much it's so sweet a little poodle
just for Cory he says thank you I will
give it to him in one minute but that a
super few peeps I think this one's for
me cuz it's got a kitty cat socks in
here you've got a little bag of
dinosaurs for Eric thank you
kollene Cory got some doggies Rachel you
got a dog I don't know what these are
though are they stickers hmm
home made slime from Sophia thanks girl
an awesome drawing a little look good
gosh it's a calendar of myself so I can
be conceded like okay they put people's
birthdays so like they put Gaby's
birthday trends birthday Christopher's
birthday oh my gosh this is so cool
thank you so much to anyone who brought
presents
so so sweet Cory you got this Oh see
you can't see it she's overexposed there
she is
that is so cute all right I'm gonna go
eat some dinner and get ready for the
show okay it's time to do the show today
I'm wearing a jacket because it's cold
so I wear this and then I'll take it off
before I do let it go doesn't really
match but do not care it's gold time
this is what my face looks like after
shell covered in lipstick I had so much
fun on stage I always have so much fun I
love my job I love performing I hope you
guys let me do it forever I look like
this I mean you can't take me seriously
when I look like this okay
I sort of fixed it but I don't really
care I have a lot of fun on stage and
I'm really excited to rewrite my live
show it smells like burning in here I
turned on the heater and it's straight
up smells like my rooms on fire should I
be worried and my abdomen just like
exploded
what was that sharp shooting pain what's
happening is there a demon in my room I
think one of the things I'm gonna do
that I haven't done in a while is
defying gravity defying gravity as a
song I have been singing in the show
since since I was singing at Birdland in
New York City like nine years ago eight
years ago and I took it out and I
started doing let it go but now I'm kind
of sick of let it go and who isn't sick
of let it go and I'm like well what song
could I sing instead and I think people
would want to see defying gravity but I
don't know I want you guys to tell me
like tweet me leave comments tell me
what songs you think I should definitely
keep in my shows and what I need to get
rid of well actually don't tell me what
I need to get rid of because I'll just
get rid of everything unless you guys
say to keep it so I think I wanted you
to find gravity again just for like the
summer it's like a final time to sing
that song and then I'm gonna come up
with some new stuff I think I'm gonna
write some new songs it's Miranda write
some new songs as me come up with new
bits and jokes and audience
participation stuff yeah I don't know
what I'm saying I'm just talking but
basically I'm saying like I'm excited to
rewrite the show and do some new stuff
and I just rambled for so long my hotel
room is on fire and I'm gonna go to bed
alrighty it's the next day and we are in
Monterey the shows in Carmel
right by Monterey which is a really cute
little town snore in the geared Japanese
door which chocolate it's 10:30 in the
morning and you can tell by the bags
under my eyes how badly I need chocolate
what we found a laser near thing no wait
that's not what is this this is like a
laser Commission amazing job just like a
mistake so I'm gonna try to film it and
try to get through this what oh my gosh
oh okay okay okay oh we each have to go
to one okay okay
it is queen doesn't work do not
recommend we honor my entire pause
okay the laser thing is broken I don't
know why so we're gonna try to go
through a mirror maze instead because
this is not working oh I hate this where
the okay Rachel I'm following you
thing broke here amazed and it was full
there's also terrifying and there's like
scotch tape reminds me of like a Miranda
book but then we did the laser maze
finally the laser maze is slowly
attainable room racially didn't laser
maze once a long time ago on the East
Coast somewhere and it was fun so this
is kind of up but it was fun like if you
if you're ever in like Carmel Monterrey
and you need some time to kill like this
one there's also like mini-golf or
something but we got into the airport I
am home I had so much fun it was a total
blast and Carmela I love performing and
now I'm going to film a couple videos
this is so strange because I'm used to
just being like working on my book 24/7
24/7 but today I lauded awful day to
just film videos so that's what I'm
about to do thank you for watching and
I'm gonna try to start vlogging more I
don't know if I'll actually follow
through with that because I would say
that I never got thanks for watching
thanks for coming my shows there's a ton
of shows on sale right now Miranda sings
calm all over the US and we're about to
add a bunch more and it just keeps stay
on the lookout if you want to see me
live and yeah love you guys
