oh my gosh guys okay so the next day
Franco yeah so we were gonna go to
Disney they said we couldn't go and then
so we decided to go to Universal and
Universal hooking this happen it was
awesome but Frankie just gave us our
Christmas presents and I'm gonna cry
it's the rose gold making ears which are
so hard they're impossible I had to like
bribe people and like set like have
people stake out the stores in order to
get this I know I can literally
yesterday I was like hey Frankie did you
ever get those rose gold making ears
because I was hoping we could get them
at Disney World and he said I can't find
them anywhere they're impossible to get
and I was like dang it and this morning
me surprise things gonna say like I
believe believed you you're gonna go to
Universal today yeah we're gonna bring
out you never men gosh no way it doesn't
bear brush our face you I miss my black
camera this is what I look like in real
life guys so now you know I've been
lying to you this whole time um so we're
at Universal and we're gonna go on a
ride and I just farted Harry Potter oh
so he rode a roller coaster and now I'm
so bothered that I didn't on my blog II
because this is the grossest now we're
about to go see my friend Jimmy Fallon
we are at a Harry Potter Expo that's it
looks like a convention all about Harry
Potter I know I'm so excited I'm the
biggest Harry Potter fan I'm part of
this sniffing door group school Luke do
you mean Gryffindor House well it's an
ocean in a school I know I'm a fart
indoors I know you fart indoors
the list is not in this book close I
have some exciting news a lot of you
have asked me for many a year which
house I'm in Harry Potter
what are you enough I said the past job
I'm in fart door
I'm excited because Bailey's been
helpful top and so she was really
excited I told her that we're both gonna
say I saw in charge so yeah very
accomplished of a pulse
yeah that degree we are going to go do
something else a ride
we got better man it's really yummy it's
amazing do you like it mm-hmm
last time I got it I got the frozen when
I think and I think it was a too much I
couldn't like drink anything with my
food if that makes sense
you have to you have a bite of something
you want something refreshing the
smoothie was like too hard for me to
enjoy so yeah but Cory got this movie
one very exciting train I think
diagonally
Dementors I have to say that this
technology is crazy like absolutely
insane it's so good it's so crazy like
this is I'm so impressed I love it here
okay I'm gonna go on a little bit of a
rant right now so that I'm Ryan so we we
got this picture taken on the rides and
it was so funny and throughout the whole
thing we've been getting pictures that
we like one but it's really expensive to
buy the pictures which is always
annoying but what's more no $80 on one
half red rocket and what's more annoying
to me it's the fact that they don't do
it digitally like I would pay the same
price for you to just email me the
picture because everyone wants it on
their phone why haven't seen parks
caught up at 2018 this is not the 80s we
don't want a picture with like a tacky
border to frame and put on a wall but he
went post it on Twitter or snapchat or
Instagram like just text me the bit like
why haven't come up with a stick
technology so for the editor man we
asked this one person this guy was
selling China sells picture for the 40
bucks
to email it he was like here here's a
paper there's a receipt
this way you can download it all you to
do is download an app create an account
give us your social security number give
us all your credit card information give
us your address your firstborn child
sacrifice your first pet that you've
ever had take your people to the god
STDs and then and then scan this barcode
that's blurry and doesn't work and then
put in a password that we're not going
to tell you what you have to guess and
then it might download and then you
can't do anything with it because you
doesn't work on phones it only works on
computers and you have to print it out
and take a picture of it on your Foott
it's not complicated so anyway I just
tweeted the receipt to the things I was
like I'm gonna figure this out maybe
someone else will so I posted on Twitter
and all of you guys were like I can't
figure this out I'm not doing this like
a mouse why haven't Dean parks figured
out how to just like email or text
photos to people I don't understand
anyway that's the T so guys we're at
Mexican restaurant because we're
starving and who doesn't love Mexican
food I forgot that Universal there's a
whole land of Jurassic Park and have you
been watching my vlogs you know that a
certain best friend of mine Eric
Stockland loves Jurassic Park and he
even wrote a song about it so he doesn't
watch my vlogs luckily so he won't see
this and don't you dare tweet him about
it because then he'll see an old ruin a
surprise but I got him a Jurassic Park
sweatshirt oh boy it's got shirts for
dressing so Frankie there's a song the
air grows
brontosaurus and estas
there's more likes I don't remember we
just got to Tampa we're in our hotel I
want to know if anyone can relate or if
anyone's a doctor out there a
dermatologist hey Cory just showed up
they brought me a bomb charge or a
computer search camera I don't know
English um I'm curious if there's any
dermatologist or skin doctors or just
people who can relate who could tell me
what this is so I have never really had
very good skin and it's my own fault I
don't take good care of my skin but I'm
always breaking out I'm always having
little issues with it and I when I when
I get is it or like any anything on my
face that's an imperfection the scarring
of it will stay on my face for months so
if I visit I will have a scar my face
for like three months after it's
horrible but I went to Hawaii and when I
came home from Y I noticed something I
would take off my makeup and I'd have
like patches like right here on my eyes
you can kind of see it right now I'll
take off my makeup and show you and I
thought it was just like makeup that I
didn't scrub off hard enough and to like
like maybe a week later I was like wait
this is happening every time I take off
my makeup and I'm washing not about
washing but like fully if we're moving
my makeup or after showers and stuff and
noticing this like blotchy skin I have
to show you because I'm trying to think
that there's something wrong I don't
know if it's just like my skin is
discolored or if I should go get it
checked out by a dermatologist or
something but I'm curious if this is
just my I'm just getting older and my
skin is just getting gross or something
or what the situation is because it's
not like a scab from sardis scab it's
not a scar from something it's like the
my skin just by my eyes right here right
here is like blotchy darker
discoloration and I don't know what that
is or if I should be concerned it kind
of can get covered up I we're pretty
full coverage foundation so it gets
covered up when I put on foundation but
I want to show you guys what I'm talking
about because I'm curious if any of you
know what it is or if I should be
concerned you can't really tell dang it
I was hoping you'd be able to see it you
can't tell as much maybe it's going away
let me turn down my exposure so you can
see it here it's like a darker Brown
what is that
he doesn't hurt I'm not sore like
there's nothing I don't know it just
kind of freaks me out so I'm curious if
anyone knows what that is or I'm sure
you're all just gonna say go to the
doctor but I don't have time to go with
a doctor unless it's like a serious
issue I'm afraid to go the doctor to be
like I won't say anything but you can
clearly see it now that I'm in different
lighting to this like brown blotch yeah
you can see it when I was like the
lighting is a little bit darker like
what is that I don't know but I've never
had good skin but I've never had like
blotchy weird brown marks anyway um I'm
going to watch RuPaul's Drag Race with
the boys and go to bed so love ya I
don't see you next time
