I'm glad me pouring embrace whoa tits
McGee morning y'all how's it goin I am a
stress pot fantastic manma JAMA today
Wow some days I do my makeup and I do it
the same as I do every day but it looks
like I look like a monster like I don't
understand I did my makeup the same I do
it all the time and I feel like I look
atrocious I don't understand how I look
so much different than I always do when
I did my makeup same way anyway today I
had a meeting this morning on a new
project I'm working on I'm so excited so
there's about trust me you guys know
better than anyone that first one
probably going to spoil the secret and
second of all I a second I'm allowed to
tell you guys I will tell you I'm like
dying to tell you kind of meeting about
that I had a meeting with my agent and
I'm editing my Miranda video for the day
I'm very behind schedule I should have
had this done yesterday and then I am I
have a meeting with my composure and my
executive producers creators back off in
an hour and then I need to go find a
dress for the Teen Choice Awards and at
some point I need to edit my blog from
yesterday at my video for tomorrow and I
am just a ball a stress doodle yeah I'm
struggling guys I have a half an hour
don't have this huge calm you need me
down with this miranda video before i'm
not even close i'm literally eating a
cookie for lunch I'm so happy to be
working in my office like to not began
to be in my own office I'm a house and
was so so happy
granted I'm going back in a few days but
still it's nice to be here and be at my
own house it like uses a lot of my
anxiety and it makes me a lot happier my
family's coming home for dinner tonight
because that's all I ever do is hang out
my family not dinner with them and work
but yeah still trying to get this video
done it is taking me forever Wow okay
y'all I went shopping I got a couple of
dresses and well I got one dress and I
got a rocker and I want you guys to look
at them and tell me what you think
because last time you guys told me which
ones were your favorites and you really
helped me because I genuinely almost
picked like this mint green dress and
ever
like that's so ugly don't wear that and
you guys really like the other three so
for the Kids Choice Awards little casual
so I'd also need to perform all I want
something like just kind of cute and fun
so I put a few things I don't want kind
of nervous to show you well nervous you
guys are going to hate them but I don't
know I didn't want to hire a stylist
because they're so expensive so I was
like I'll just get some myself so
hopefully you guys like one of these
because it's not too bad bananas cuz I'm
wearing one of these things okay
just trust me on this first one okay so
I know the top is ugly I would fix it I
hate it like it's so ugly but I love the
idea of like a pantsuit romper thing so
here's my thought I want to take these
off like imagine if it will look back
like when that kind of issue or is it
still really ugly I don't know but like
I kind of want to take this part off so
it's just like you know just like that
that could be cute in like some fun like
funky heels feel like this one could be
cute whoa tits McGee you guys are
amazing these are horrible choices so
it's really booby but has like pretty
like two strappy things like this is all
connected and it's cute like romper
short well I think could be fun on this
this is kind of casual shiny part of the
material mix it was a little dressier
but then if I were a pop of color in the
shoe so I did have you blue like
strategy or the hot pink fun like kind
of a blue one but like I hope that could
be kind of fun and kind of cute I did my
hair kind of cool like up and like
really dramatic makeup I think this
could be kind of fun it's really blue be
really cool and it's freaking shorts and
pockets all those super colors
I'll give you with bright colored shoe
and like a bright colored like lip or
something I don't know what this is so
boobie oh my god I have to wear it isn't
black when my boobs don't look so huge
so that's that option and I think the
next one is my favorite but I really do
like this I think this is fun and it
doesn't look like anything I would wear
on a red carpet
so like that it's different I don't know
what I'm doing guys this is my option it
is a choker and it's still really booby
but girl I got boobs what do you want me
to do this one fits me really nicely
it's really tight it should have quiet
lip target I'm on our period my boobs
are huge right now it's really pretty
please rose-colored it's got this little
choker thingy which normally I don't
like but it's so like light really
comfortable I have shoes that work with
it and have jewelry that works with it
it's also like the most mature of the
options like I feel like this one is
like oh where I can change my words and
look at that old woman who might be
someone's mom on the red carpet and
that's me out I want you guys to
screenshot and send me whichever one you
like the best I'm going to show you some
other options that I have they're just
dresses that I have in my closet because
one of those mighty go to but I really
do want you guys to like pick for me so
I'm going to try those on and let you
guys see if you like one was better
which one is your favorite comment
screenshot it tweet it to me and you
know oh my gosh I had so much fun
tonight with my family it was awesome it
was just nice to have everyone here just
hanging out and chillin posted some
funny pictures on snapchat my mom
brought a bunch of old pictures from my
childhood over so I was looking at those
tonight look at this that's my mom's dad
and Christopher and W exactly like
Parker there's me in my dad's lap and
there's me and my dad used to make like
puppet shows out of cardboard boxes for
us it needs some cell phone in my hand
not much has changed since when I
thought I could be a model and I was
very long thank you all of you guys
thanks for watching don't forget to
tweet me which dress eating is where the
Teen Choice Awards and don't forget to
hug your family because family is the
most important in the world and the best
I was here I'll see you next time flex
time next time Wow
