I'm glad me pouring I'm brain doing good
morning everybody I took the day off of
longing yesterday just because I was so
tired after New York and I had a lot of
work to do and I just took a break but
Rachel just came over she's downstairs
and we're gonna film a video together
I'm halfway through doing my makeup so I
kind of look like a zombie weirdo but um
I got new jeans and I am literally
obsessed with them like I don't care
about clothes usually but these are like
the most comfortable pants and they're
so weird and they've been me so weird
but I love them so much they're like I'm
sure everyone it's like I'm going to be
like those the ugliest pants have ever
seen in my life clean why are you
wearing them but I love them they're so
comfortable and it's summertime here is
really hot where I live and to have
jeans that are like breezy and loose is
like incredible I'm a big fan of these
new jeans anyway Rachel's here we're
going to film a video together and I'm
going to edit and I had a horrendously
stressful morning dealing with stuff
from haters back off last year I posted
a video called like an emotional night
or something it was the night on tour it
was around this time and I'm like crying
in it just saying how stressed I am
about haters back off and about other
things in my life that I was going
through at the time that were really
hard and I'm in that time zone again I'm
in that time zone but this year of like
just where everything is really
stressful with haters back off and I
just had like a freakout this morning
where I was like I'm so stressed I'm
freaking out so having morning so I was
like I'm a step away from games back off
and I'm going to do what I truly love
which is YouTube and hang out family and
so Rachel's here we're going to film
video together and I'm already feeling
much more calm just that my sister is in
the same house with me that is great
news
ten efficient makeup and some some use
Hey look Rachel's here is it for my vlog
and blaze with your plate right hi hi
he got mad at me because I told me had
to be quiet and he could have well we're
trying to film a video here okay we just
tried to film a video and plays it was
his life mission described look at this
footage of him trying to jump on the bed
and he like it was insane oh my God look
at him pouting Queenan oh I cannot
believe used to that way your those
freaking worse it's so much access lace
he's looking at penis place stop licking
your wiener so good of your mouth my
face you just licked your wiener but ow
like no biting he goes oh boy as we just
filmed a video go up Friday I think it's
going to be funny
I hope it's funny I don't know you never
know it's like edit it yeah some videos
I think are the most hilarious again
goryeo and again zero views and then one
video let's do some videos I think I'm
filming I'm like this is going to be
good and then I'm editing it and I'm
like oh it happens to me all I can't
close those oh I wanted to talk to you
about something else out
so um I got nominated for a Teen Choice
Award again this year I won two years
ago nominee web star never up a
surfboard a little salty about that I've
made videos about being salty about it
because I felt kind of like they're
using Internet stars to tweet about and
promote their show but then wouldn't
give us the award so I thought that was
kind of weird
so they invited me to go this year and
you know what I have to be appreciative
that even though they didn't give me the
award I have to be appreciative that
they're there they're actually awarding
youtubers and internet stars and and
recognizing us as you know talent in
these award shows because award shows
typically aren't doing that yet the fact
that they're you know inviting me and
inviting youtubers Weissach oh she's
presenting you know they're they're
considering us like you know the same as
you know regular celebrities and I think
that's really cool I'm going to go to
two Teen Choice Awards there is no way
I'm going to win because I'm up against
like Liza and like all these iconic
amazing comedians like I thought I don't
even know how I got nominated with them
but I'm going to go to support my
friends who are youtubers who got
nominated for all their different awards
and cheer on whoever wins for my
category and for every category because
I think if the internet needs to support
each other so I am going to go and
hopefully it'll be a lot of fun and I'm
actually kind of excited I need to pick
out an outfit and all that stuff so I'm
a little nervous
uh I'm looking Corey's going laughing
I'm sorry Blaine he'll be your date
let's get a bowtie please you want to go
to teach high school you doing anything
or not I feel good do you like this
piano can you spot I'm going to play the
piano I don't know if you're gonna like
that
and I
Oh
oh my gosh it's been a long day of work
and craziness and my stomach so much
pain I don't know what's going on I'm
having like these crazy sharp shooting
pains but something wonderful happens
that I'm very excited about Benefit
Cosmetics just sent me a box of goodies
because I made a youtube video about how
horrible my eyebrows were in my past and
so they sent me all this stuff like
eyebrows the only thing you can get into
shape without hitting the gym girl is
that I mean oh my god they sent me these
glasses glasses with eyebrows on them
I'm living for hope you enjoy these new
brow Bessey's we love you Stephanie in
the benebabe look at this stuff I
totally spoiled me with some of my
eyebrows but I never can have firm brows
ever again this is so cool oh my God
look at all this stuff
I'm so excited a shinning high brow glow
pencil a pencil sharpener gimme brow oh
my god give my brows I never have an
excuse again for my brows to look bad so
if my eyebrows are really bad you guys
would be like girl you got a box of
stuff benefit you cannot have bad brows
anyway I'm going to do some more editing
because all I do is work or more and I
think I'm a bit early I'm so tired and I
have another busy work day tomorrow I
have to pick out an outfit for the Teen
Choice Awards so maybe you guys can help
me with that and I have meetings about
haters back off and man I really got my
stomach feels better soon it doesn't
feel like I got a poop it feels like
sharp shooting pains like in my upper
abdomen like in all my ops
like it feels like sharp sharp shooting
pain like it hurts like even walk around
so I don't know what's going on with me
but anyway guys and I will see you
tomorrow all right
