I'm Laurie number II I cried the entire
show good morning we will go back 6:30
to go Kelly and Ryan good morning Kelly
Ryan our lives are feeling right
something about the morning and being
alive Battalion Ryan I went with my
scuba Steve outfit doesn't kori Halder
stroke who would seize and I did my own
hair and makeup because I'm cheap but I
don't pay for glam team so lucky dah
let's go beyond pinky I'm backstage and
Michael I'm Liz your co-host today hello
I'm so excited I get to do this with
Joey I'm so happy it's like my youtube
boyfriend husband finally really
beautiful I didn't know I'm actually
perfect I feel like if there's any
youtuber I should make an appearance on
television with it would be yeah it's
like luxuries yeah and now a little
disappointed that I didn't agree to this
as Miranda I feel like I should oh wait
now I'm just thinking of all the things
like food I know I kind of resent it as
Miranda it would have London live I feel
like I feel like Ryan Seacrest would
have no idea if I was real or not just
completely swamped
I can't do it right now I don't we meet
at my apartment but that would feel like
I would not confuse everyone room what I
do so when I did Jimmy Fallon as Miranda
the whole audience was like oh and
Martin Short literally had no idea what
was going on he was so confused I mean
it was amazing so I should have done
that dang it you would never be allowed
back on I know I'm just like boring I
know oh well but we're going to play it
with cup games water bottles or
something so that'll be fun but yeah I
guided Olivia
dominating social media being with over
14 million fractured my super special
pink release cycles apparel and Miranda
things effect as well what we don't
dispute have 1.5 million likes on
Facebook and about a month over on
Instagram she is spiral wave do you feel
like you're obligated to work 24 hours a
day Colleen because people just expect
things all the time
I wouldn't say obligated I definitely do
work 24/7 I think youtubers typically do
work 24/7 our job is on the internet so
that's what we do but I wouldn't say
obligated because I love my job I want
to do it I enjoy it so much
so yeah it's cool to wake up and love
what you do and just want to work every
single day it's awesome and you've got a
series that came out of it yeah yeah
Netflix original series called haters
back off based on the characters
now we just finished filming season 2 so
that's coming out later this year I'm so
excited it's insane I just can't believe
all this
oh my god that was so fun we just finish
I know if you're looking what I didn't
get my dress soaking wet less like you
can't tell but it is my dress is right
in water it was no fun oh my god yeah I
know I beat him well Brian become I was
on humid Ryan and we crash into what
like the hotels Ryan Seacrest so you can
i won yeah because of our own team we
won know what goes s amazing her t
Rosalie
oh yeah I didn't check a bag dang it
going how do some of the place I'm
shipping that was so much fun so you
guys didn't catch it live I'm sure you
can find it online so please watch it it
was really fun I am back at Frankie's
apartment I had so much fun on that show
normally press for me is terrifying and
I get nervous and I like hate it and I
just don't want to be there and I'm like
I get so anxious but the second I walked
out there there were so many of you in
the audience and everyone was like
Colleen Colleen and I was like oh my
gosh my kyuho's cookie sunflower loves
are here and I was so excited and I just
felt so supportive and so loved and I
had so much fun and it was so cool
having Joey with me too it helps like
ease the pressure and everything but
anyway just go back to the apartment and
Corinne I just filmed a video and it was
really it's a really sad heartfelt video
about when he came out to me and that's
going up tomorrow so you guys will
probably see this after that goes out
but please go watch if you haven't
already
I think it'll like might help a lot of
you guys if you're struggling with the
same type of thing so I check that out
and
I'm going to edit and do a little work
here and then I'm going to the bombshell
show tonight at cast party and cast
party and I'm really excited I'm having
so much fun in New York do I send enough
and there are still mad lines on my face
but I've gone we have no there's still
it
okay really we were going so I was more
address that wasn't just this morning
that's enough for like the year for me
so I'm back in a t-shirt of high esteem
just what I wear y'all I can't be in the
dress every day this is too much work I
am back C to Berlin and it looks it got
an upgrade gym after I love you it looks
amazing I don't after you were here we
can afford the red curtain yeah that's
right
Thank You dusty red curtain right now no
it's um jazz great legends Q I thought
there Jessica Parker yes what the heck
there was so cool I was like doing that
got a million times amazing system crew
so you guys nice gym crew so is the
reason any of you guys know who I am I
shall know what no you worked really
really hard
well that's you but I for water bottles
oh my you were put on it you heard Ryan
I highlight of my career I think besides
River hear what my girls I know they're
the cutest in the whole world look at
their photo shoot I'm so excited I'm so
excited so they have a show and then I
do a cast party and it's gonna be the
best night ever and then we're going to
get a cookie animal chicken I've ever
eaten
to me this is so crazy to be here that's
already and the very first time it was
such a surprise genome here the very
first time I've ever performed in front
of another human being on stage as
rating beautiful so and I haven't seen
you I don't think instead so it was a
Coliseum performs in town of toe typing
and for those of you don't look you
don't know what topically created a
character called Miranda thing I do too
it's Brenner early right now and I was
like my brother because I thought she
was this character and he was like if
you're ever in New York she come to cast
right now like oh yeah I'm going to be
there next week and I just hope just
like box like yeah if you invited me to
come I had no money - every penny to
come here because you said you can
perform on a New York City and the
little beautiful theaters or view but my
dream improvement yeah this is so
surreal me because it sends just said
they're creamy eight nine years everyone
have been doing the pre care that I
never thought was go past performing but
for now that's ages that it's probably
over this to come - she's a best-selling
book you just to build early yeah
yeah and that place here and Santa Mira
this man is incredible because equalling
to me when nobody else did but if you go
and pull a crime I'm serious I am so
grateful for you because I really don't
I think it were you I would be rare
yeah I know that's all you know you did
I thought well if you push me I'm so
sorry I would not
okay so we just left cast party it's
late we're waking up a few hours to fly
back home where the Heather was amazing
I just say I'm so proud of you because
last night we were in New York together
it was a long time ago and we were
struggling and you were really
struggling and the city was kicking our
butt yeah but we were like you know what
I see you New York City we're going to
do it ourselves and we have made careers
for ourselves
we're going to everyone try to beat us
down and I'm so proud of you so exciting
for me to sit in the audience to see a
sold-out crowd laughing and cheering I'm
so proud of you and so if you're so
amazing and it's so inspiring to me that
you just like made it happen for
yourself you've been talking about three
years and it finally happened and it was
amazing she says I inspired her that's
crazy
she's the most inspirational in the
entire world it's ridiculous I love you
concerning live under the best so
Frankie has a bunch of really nice
expensive beautiful jackets that we took
upon ourselves to put on and have a
photo shoot as they're here out on the
balcony so we just did that it was fun
and now I'm going to finish packing and
hang out everyone and go to bed because
we're waking up as urs to fly home so
you guys thanks for watching this long
and fun vlog and I'll see an extent like
