love me Loreena Bree I cried the entire
show
oh god guys because were ending our
panic because this morning I had worked
at Cigna please together as in my blog
and then I asked how to get filled with
hate do you want no one you wanted to
get a ticket to any broader so like I
didn't care or division think I want to
be broader show you'd like let me see
what I can do and he has a friend who is
friends with a friend and who know how
it happened but someone's bound to get
thrust for dear Evan Hansen I'm paying
for them but like sexually sold out I
don't even know how they did it
I'm so what is the see here pants right
now which is like apparently like the
number one show on Rotter now or
something I don't know I don't know I
was really excited so we're late but we
have to get there immediately some of
them walking and I'm like I'm getting to
the gym thank you for this just got back
from here Evan Hansen oh my god guys my
little heart is exploding for so many
reasons one because I'm such a musical
theater nerd at heart my whole life I've
been obsessed with musical theatre it
was always my dream to be on Broadway my
whole life it was my dream to be on
Broadway truly truly you could not find
a bigger musical theater nerd than me I
am the biggest so the fact that I got to
see a Broadway show
I haven't seen one in a really long time
like my heart is so full but also that
show Louise
it is incredible I had no idea what
shows about so I had no expectations I
didn't know what I knew literally knew
nothing about the show it was
life-changing like so so good you guys
have to buy the soundtrack listen to the
whole thing you have to see the show if
you get a chance it is worth every penny
essentially just it I don't give away
anything because I want you guys to
figure it out for yourselves but the
show deals with so many things that are
so important for us talk about as a
society but no one is talking about
particularly like anxiety and depression
and suicide and it does it in a way that
doesn't it doesn't feel forced I feel
like sometimes people take advantage of
those topics to try to get attention or
because like a hot topic to talk about
in this this show was just it doesn't
such a beautiful inspiring beautiful way
and I cried the entire show there are
moments that I was like oh my god I had
felt that I know what that feels like
and there are times when I was sobbing
because it reminded me of stories that
you guys have told me in letters and in
person at my shows and it's
it's so important and talk about things
that a lot of people have experienced
but everyone's afraid to talk about or
told it's not real but man it's good is
so good and then flat the lead is so
incredible like the whole cast was
incredible but man he's incredible he
just like breaks your heart over and
over and over again you just been the
whole show just sobbing like it's like
the whole theater you just hear a
thousand people just sniffling and
sobbing it's an emotional beautiful
inspiring beautiful piece of art and I
love live theater and I love this city
and I love oh I'm so happy anyway
there's my little rant Joey Graceffa is
going to be on the show me tomorrow
morning so he and Daniel are in town so
they're going to come over tonight we're
just going to hang out have a chill
night and like order takeout stuff and
it really plated so that's what my
medicine like and then episode if I kind
of early because it's really really cold
right now
so yeah all right
Joey Vinick left I did not wobble
they're here because we're just hanging
out and Joey ordered some vegan food for
us and I hadn't eaten at this one being
super good I had a vegan cheese burger
and it was Bob calm lyrium and I just
said bong calm I am your mother
feel like this whole blog is below just
talking out here on succinate because it
is anyway it was awesome he baked him
over we chatted
we watched Trisha on Big Brother which
was amazing and I'm so proud of her and
she's doing so well and I feel so bad
for that she's stuck in the house with
all those people and she's like seems
miserable but I think she's going to
kill of the season so I'm super proud of
us we watched that together we eat vegan
food chatted and then they left because
we have a really early call time
tomorrow morning so I'd be up in a few
hours so they're likely to go home a
little bit yeah how pretty is out here I
freaking love it so pretty I used to
live right over on that side of the
water not crazy I looked over there like
you're a success not a lot of crazy
memories of setting
variables are anyway I'm going to get
ready for bed and make sure I have my
outfit ready I wish you guys which one I
chose yes one see how to go scuba see
you yes
so I'm going to go with this one's
really pretty but I'm going to go to
this one which is the scuba Steve look
is what we're calling it because the top
is really tight I don't know why just
cuz it looks like a wetsuit
I guess because she's a wetsuit on top
and then stiff on the bottom which I
have no complaints Cooper you and I'm
going to wear these shoes and probably
best bra and this pasty maybe pasties at
the bra is doesn't work and then I have
I think in order these earrings there's
like really I was wearing them today
they're like bar a bar of diamonds is to
spank and I put these in underneath my
toes underneath my feet so that my feet
don't get four and that's the music's
party
I'm are something else for Casper though
maybe I'll wear my middle-aged
housewives for cast party and I will
wear everyone's favorite okay I would
love that
I think she'll be great
Oh
