I'm Laurie number McGarry started I'm a
little goofy probably can't see me at
all good morning so it's like yeah 8:30
in the morning and I'm driving to the
ADR studio
I don't have a TR today Angela and
Spieth who live among my uncle of a TR
today Francesca's with my sister she's
doing a are from New York City shows the
truck and then I'm skyping in to ADR for
other characters in Canada and then I
have a meeting with our music editor
that will take a few hours to drop music
into episodes 5 6 I am running on fumes
at this point but being able to be with
my family last night
and hang out with them mplet piano and
make cookies and dinner and oh my god I
am so happy that I definitely
Oh people film anything in the ATR
session so policy on flip side hey y'all
alrighty I am done showing leave 6:00
p.m. and just now getting finished it
was a crazy crazy day I did a do with
Angela and with Steve with my best
friend's dad and then I had a meeting
for like four hours with a music editor
editing music for Episode five and six
and I just finished through a long epic
day where this show turn night thanks
bro
I can't turn right a better H moving at
la girls come on boys I'm up I'm on the
Universal Studios backlot right now or
they shoot everything basically on for
Universal and it's really cool being
back here for all the famous people gone
is where they shoot everything through
Universal but I want to get out of here
very good
anyway it was a crazy day and it was
full of work and now I'm tired and I
want to go home and my period started
days and I'm alone we'll be okay y'all
we're leaving tomorrow for New York so
we're getting everything ready and looks
Cory went out and got me shoes and
dresses okay so these addresses I tried
on yesterday these are the ones we liked
the best I think I'm going to wear this
one for the event which I found out I
could tell you guys about now so I'm
going on the Kelly and Ryan Seacrest
scene points in my Miranda the Kelly and
Ryan Seacrest show on Monday which I'm
so excited about and I didn't know if I
could tell you or not but I just asked
them they say yeah you can talk about it
so that's what I'm doing on Monday
morning so I needed a dress for that and
then Monday night I'm going to see
Heather's show and then I'm gonna do
cast pretty after something really
excited and this is a dress that I chose
to wear it's got like a little peekaboo
neck I'm going to wear at the Kelly Ripa
thingy and I think I'm gonna wear with
these black shoes have been this other
dress this is really cute one this one
looks good Cory pop maybe two bright
blue shoes that I think are so cool it's
probably not I don't know really I'm
excited I need to pack and yeah
I can't believe recording New York
tomorrow that's crazy oh my god okay I
fricking love them p.m. and I cannot
believe you guys I just had eight
million subscribers on the Miranda
Channel I'm freaking out so crazy I
cannot believe it I feel it's just so
weird every time I hit a new milestone
it like blows my mind that anyone still
watches me like what are you watching me
thank you
yeah it's so crazy so this this here has
been so awesome doing season two and at
five million on psycho soprano and now
eight million on Miranda just insane so
thank you to everyone who subscribes to
me I love you guys and it's just the
best you guys are amazing and I just
can't believe it I'm in a pack now for
New York City because I leave tomorrow
morning for New York but I was guys and
so I was logwood short and not much
happened I just
I was diseased of you I'll be in a while
all right didn't vlog at all today but I
made it to New York City its 11:30 p.m.
since it's a travel day so there wasn't
much to film but I'm so grateful Frankie
is letting me stay at his apartment in
New York City I have stayed in this
apartment every time I've come to New
York for like nine years like since the
first time I came to New York as Miranda
but I've never saved here alone like
Frankie or Ari have always been here
my queen but Corey and I are starving so
we're going to get some pizza I love
this apartment it's so weird to be here
about Frankie it's so weird I literally
never stayed here alone without him look
how crazy
so pretty out here or just all right
time for pizza sorry I didn't vlog today
but I'll vlog tomorrow so excited to be
in New York City I'm good to meet so
many of you at the show at the show
Monday and yeah you guys should come too
ah the Kelly Ripa Ryan Seacrest I don't
know how that works but if you guys can
come and be there and support that will
be so exciting so awesome because I
always get nervous whenever I have to do
like mainstream Hollywood stuff because
it's just so not my thing like I'm an
Internet lady so it makes me nervous
whenever I see you guys faces Eric's not
happy so see if you guys can come all
right I love you I'm gonna eat and go to
bed
Oh
