I'm Laureen I'm great don't ask I don't
know why she wearing blonde wigs good
morning everybody
she looks tired today I barely slept
last night as you can tell from the bags
under my eyes why is it not focused
what's happening I am in so much pain
from my shots so I always have pain
after getting those shots but it was
like especially bad this time around I
don't know why I'd fall asleep
and then the pain would wake me up but
anyway I said the whole morning
answering emails and editing and all
this stuff and finally looked up and was
like oh it's like 1:00 and I haven't
eaten anything someone who'd some lunch
but on the good side of life look at how
cute awesome
Gus Gus is today with his little sweater
are you kidding me with a flip over
you're looking stylish up you know is
that I'm sorry good guys I did it again
see those cushions a metree I can't stop
I think I maybe it is Imai painkillers
just made me really want to be an
interior decorator or exterior decorator
apparently but there are chairs if you
can see way out there those chairs have
these cushions on them have been burned
have been peed on have been pooped on
not by humans I need to get new ones
because they're destroyed so we got
these bright orange ones I think it will
brighten up the area out there what am i
doing why am I doing this I should be
working I've so much stuff to do I have
a tour coming up I have new projects
that I'm working on I have season two
I'm working on I have videos I should be
filming but it said I am buying
furniture for outside when it is a
hundred and something degrees where I
live and that's what I just use are done
I'm enjoying much as some shaking a root
beer which apparently by now obsession
he was in chicken this is our little
trick how cute is that like are you
kidding me with his cuteness he like
reaches out any so gentle and he waits
until I give it to him he doesn't like
try to steal from here it's so sweet I'm
supposed to get dinner with Steve and
Eric tonight from here to psychotherapy
blue play my uncle
and Moran's best friend I was supposed
to collab with Ricky Dillon tonight or
today I thought we were going to clap
today and he said he's not available to
after 7:00 but that's what I'm going to
dinner so might have to pose tell them
that collaboration which sucks because I
have love me some Ricky Dillon and I
miss me some Ricky Dillon Dillon okay
first of all I got a box of these
cookies from Canada Durham aple and ours
so bomb thing about I really need to
film a video but tantric is doing a
workout session in my living room
blaring music so I'm gonna go make fun
of him so that I can get my work done
I love like I'm not eating a cookie all
right oh man
what is that you
okay I don't ask I don't know why I keep
wearing blonde wigs and videos but it's
apparently this is my new thing I talk
about what I'm doing going and say in
anywhere sleep I guess sleep deprivation
and also painkillers result in me making
the weirdest YouTube videos so we'll see
if I even post this on Friday because
clearly it's a mess and we'll get my cat
oh my god the cutest mothertrucker all
my kids who I'm tired as you tell in my
diary base even edge just left like
11:30 I think blog anything while
they're here because we're just hanging
out having fun I hadn't seen them in so
long and it was just nice to just sit
and chat Mobile is Angela couldn't come
she's a mama and she had to be with her
sweet little girl and Francesca lives in
New York City so it's just me and Steven
Eric and didn't even take a picture like
we literally made dinner and just sat
around and talked and like happier and
just it was awesome
I mean now I am going to sing a song for
you cuz what do I do when I'm tired and
it's only a big lady I don't know what
that was if you don't like me playing
ukulele and singing you should not watch
me more because that's the rest of this
video and a mint on that dude and money
then I call you look around everybody
I love home right now and I'm ready
sauna before but like girl that song do
some Ariana
Oh
and every night as he tomorrow remember
to spread happiness and not hate and
just love each other because what thank
is the point of living in this world if
we're all just mean to each other
hmm also I have is it by
