I'm glad me Loreena greater good
this is how my day starting out have on
channel I just found a couple videos so
weird I thought all I ever do is some
videos but then I feel like I never have
videos to post it's so odd don't you
guys feel like watching my vlogs that's
all I do is film around videos but it's
like I'm only posting two a week so
where are all these videos going I don't
understand is this what happens when you
post four times a week you have to
constantly filming today I have to do
ADR is where you go when you record
words and lines and phrases and things
from a haters back off that we did not
get the first time around because like a
plane flew where the Hat our heads are
like something left of the sounds or
three did sound Eric Stockland and I
just want other girls coming in and I'll
be fun and a couple my hair up looks
like trash yeah that's what I'm doing
for pretty much the entire day today so
already
I really wanted to vlog Eric in the last
thing we were just 80 iron because he
was running around but I feel like you
would have been upset if I had like whom
do you see fishing a maniac how'd it go
you're all gonna be hard I know you I
can't with this yes I know
me too now it's my turn I have like two
hours worth of easier to do so
bye
so many things have happened ATR went
well look what I have now can you see a
piano I'll get to that in a minute
first more important thing is that we
got grapples at the store I've never
even heard of these but apparently
they're like Apple / grapes and I want
to try them right I'm Oliver this is a
novel though it's not as a grapple great
oh that's a great Collini
tell me that doesn't it's like an apple
smell it that is faith right flavor all
over it tastes like grape bubble is gone
no it's awesome yeah hundred percent
I swear to God stapling an apple it's
delicious it reads like grape
bubblicious mm-hmm so I have been
talking about wanting a piano in this
room forever and I kept thinking I'm
going to move I'm going to move so I
don't want to get anything for this room
because I'm going to move soon but now
it's something like I'm going to stay
for at least through the rest of this
year and I always thought about having a
grand piano which I think Matt and
they're really expensive and I don't
know that's the vibe I want here I found
this old old like a hundred-year-old
piano with like a chipper chunk deafness
but it's so I just wrote it's so pretty
and my you clear down here I'm going to
try to learn guitar and have a guitar
over here I'm throwing music books up
here and this will be like the music
room because a lot of my friends are
like musicians so my friends can come
over and we can all sing and play music
and I just look so excited so as you
guys know I love to cook so I'm going to
cook tonight to my mom and my dad are
coming over and Rachel's coming over and
trends coming over so I'm going to cook
a little bit of food I needed to do
something fast and easy because I'm
going to be here in half an hour so I'm
going to do yoky and veggies and solve
it let's do it
Oh
Mama's here trans here and Rachel's here
whistling oh and uh my mom brought me
all this fan mail stuff and look what I
got a huge package from so well uh all
her new stuff I'm so excited this looks
so cute so I am doing I don't even know
if I can tell you guys this so I'm going
to New York and I'm being on a show I'm
going to be on a show where is like
press thing I don't know if I'm on tells
me yet but anyway I need a direct and
normally Netflix would hire a stylist
because like clean you don't know how to
dress yourself which is true I'm
literally running one view right now I
don't have a stylist I'm not paying
towards Dallas because that is expensive
so Cory and I just went and bought a
bunch of dresses we're going to try them
all on
larita montage mary-kate and Ashley is
status and then we're gonna return them
all we're going to wear one do this
thing in New York edit on Richards
arrest so we're going to try it on so
time for a montage
why is sitting like that guys I'm
obsessed with this panel look at like
the pretty marbling on it like the
details so pretty and it opens like this
like super old it's so pretty I think
one of the reasons I love it piano so
much is because I have this house and
it's a beautiful house it's all brand
spankin new and pretty and white and
open and just amazing and I kind of love
that there's this old vintage over a
hundred year old piano sitting in this
brand-new house it looks out of place
and different and weird and has so much
character
yeah and I don't know it just feels like
it just feels like it fits perfectly
even though it doesn't fit just love it
I think is beautiful anyway my family
just left it was so nice to have them
over for dinner and we just kind of hung
out and talked and laughed and like it
was just amazing like I love my family
so so so so much
she's like the luckiest girl in the
world at the best family in the world at
the best job in the world and life gets
hard and I get stressed and I get tired
and stuff happens and people try to
bring you down but if you have an
amazing support system you will make it
through anything and because one thing
that I have is amazing support system
and I just I love my family and I love
you guys and thanks for watching my
videos and I'll see you tomorrow
haha
