I'm glad me Laureen I'm great what's a
fun thing to do when you're on pain meds
by outdoor furniture
I have not logged in a few days it's
been the craziest up here in Vancouver
we are stressing Chinese everything done
should I go home today and so we had a
week to get done the amount of work that
it should have taken like a month to do
it in so I was in the editing room until
like 2:00 in the morning every night and
I just didn't vlog I didn't have time
now it is Sunday and I'm going home in a
few hours and I'm so excited a lot of
you're like oh you finally did it girl
then I'm not done I'm going home for two
weeks and then I'm coming back for two
weeks and when we've done for another
month so let's go wolf we're at the
airport
Gus is being really good usually he
likes freaks out we go Airport but he's
like chill and I think it's because he
knows we're going home especially like
the last week he will stand by the door
of the apartment and just meow and now
like he is not want to be in Canada
anymore so I keep stoked to go home we
made it back to LA and guess so good
hi without so bad
standpipe the airline did something that
like the route drives me up the wall
which is we got to LA and they've
circled the airport like 320 time you
look in the airs like 30 or 40 minutes
long and we're supposed to be can we
land it and then we just sat on the
tarmac for an hour another one she's
trying to keep it really safe that's why
there's delays that's why there's
problems the airport's keep traveling
and so ready to not be traveling Martin
will help people judging me actually you
clean all people of judge as they walk
past me like have more that evening what
happens look I know that guy hi girl I'm
so sorry I woke up and we had some
meetings and I did some editing and now
I'm waiting for Rachel come over so we
can go get lunch and I am so effing
happy to wreck but I have to get shots
today which I am dreading I mean I'm
excited about it because my shoulders
really been hurting me lately I think
it's with all the stress I've been under
lately but it's so painful like I will
be in pain for the next like two three
days I realized while editing this that
a lot of you might not know what I'm
talking about I have a tear in my
rotator cuff and so I get shot every
couple of months called Prolotherapy and
it's supposed to help repair the tear
and help repair my tendinitis in my
shoulder and my arm and now we're back
in the vlog so that's summer but I'm
happy people
regularly okay so my brother is
overrated come over for lunch
now Christopher and Here Come showed up
and I'm trying to keep the kids how to
get inside the bear can he get inside do
you think he can do it perfect
okay yes so get off computer foot all
the way down to the bottom it's kind of
hard to like move it around the Cotton's
you see can you do it and one side super
slippery okay pull one down you're not
quite in the foot yet it's a kind of
look okay okay so nice there you go you
can do it how many people do you think
you can fit in there I could barely fit
one so I'm finally with family yeah I'm
gonna be here or I'm doing something out
with donkey
well is't a ch2 Jesse that wasn't beggin
said I'm not on the voucher family
generally Jojo they came over for a
quick lunch and they're headed to the
airport cuz they're going to look at
hope I know the name of this thing
CVX it's a it's like VidCon or playlist
but it's anything so you guys are there
you should go check it out and go meet
them that's have some good Duncan
bonding time today he's laughing at
night I'm a comedian
really yeah it's been nice to hang out
with them I'm happy to be back I don't
want to happen you must be very much
already need to know can you sell this
how are you man game oh oh my god I just
got shot if you can see
so these are all my shot holes gross
painful we're waiting for my
prescription at Target so that I can not
be in pain anymore because I want to die
army so much pain and cooing MooMoo I'm
looking for a sweater something to put
on this while we're walking around
tweaking my prescription look at the
bags and I suppose crying when he's gave
me shots because it hurts so bad because
I haven't had them done in like four
months
so hit a lot a lot of work to do those
are cute all right so the doctor was
brutal and as you saw I got all these
shots and they're swollen and they hurt
and they go all the way up my neck and
I'm in so much pain but I got pain meds
and what's a fun thing to do when you're
on pain meds by outdoor furniture I
don't know why but I suddenly got this
urge to just like make my back patio
look cute because it's summertime and
it's nice to be out there I wanted to
make it look nice so I went and got a
few things and it's super silly because
I'm going to move soon I want to sell
this house but while I'm here I want to
be comfortable and happy and like have
it feel great especially when I have
family over all the time so I'm going to
make it homey at least downstairs that's
my project for the evening is making you
look cute outside and I don't know what
I'm doing so we'll see how it looks
Oh
you like like this outdoor I am obsessed
how cute is this
I love it goes oh so much so I think I'm
gonna spend the rest of the evening out
here editing and working and just being
so happy help you guys I love it I can
just thank you nice I'll be tomorrow
