Rodney Tory number eight is being a
total psychopath what's up y'all
so it is 10:30 p.m. I just got home from
work but here's a little bit of how my
day was today looking here wicked hungry
kids so pignon same week much bigger you
gonna get bigger
oh yeah this is one I just watched her
that they told me resets why I reset if
I said I didn't say what did you reach
that we said why did you stop
how come you are bad
yes what are the transitions here
because I don't think that ball fans are
and promise you what that is certainly a
bikini one who's crazy it is crunch time
we have one week left so we are
stressing we are super behind schedule
with the episodes we finished a rough
cut of Episode seven tonight we had to
finish it so now they sent us what we
worked on today and have to watch it
tonight and get notes and so tomorrow
morning when I go and we address the
notes and then start episode eight and
start on the finale oh my god the theme
so I'm like I can't believe that I can't
believe are already the home stretch I
want to fast forward to next week when I
Marnie home because she's got a hustle
and bustle to this week we'll get
through it together you and me we will
get through this week together you hear
me anyway all right I'm gonna go he is
being a total psychopath chasing me
around the house attacking me everywhere
I go
are you being crazy but I'm gonna drink
a combo for my compote not sponsored not
ad wish it was and drink some of this
poison and go ahead love you and I'll
teach one so what's up everyone I'm
going to make a combined blog with
yesterday because yesterday it was
really short and today and literally
didn't vlog anything and it is now 1:30
a.m. so I just filmed probably the
weirdest video I have ever filmed in my
life it was so weird I don't even know I
did it I feel like I'm going to post it
and be so cringy and like want to delete
it but I keep getting these weird ideas
for weird videos I don't know what the
hell I'm doing I think it's just the
fact that I am like working for 14 hours
a day 1214 hours day in the editing room
I get home late at night and I do them
more normally I feel like I would make
my videos during the day and be normal
and just to make normal videos now it's
like I get home late at night and my
late night crazy brain is the thing that
is making videos now it's not like my
normal person grading the people videos
my late night crazy brain so I apologize
ahead of time for the weirdest video in
the world that I'm probably posting on
Friday but yeah there's just not much
for me to vlog these days because I'm
just literally sitting in the editing
room doing you know not nothing but
nothing that I can show you because it's
all like
secrets from season two I can't show you
anything so anyway I'm going to edit a
little bit and I'm going to eat a bowl
of cereal by the way this is what I'm
obsessed with when I grab a bowl of
cereal all I want to do is eat mini
wheats every day smelly but I was really
have been up so late that we had dinner
at 6 or 7 and now I'm like oh time for a
new meal because I've been up way past
dinner time so my stomach is literally
like screaming at me and growling but
yeah I love you guys and sorry I didn't
vlog anything today thanks for being
patient with me while I like figure out
the schedule this week this week is just
think insane because there's so much to
do with Katers back off but anyway I
love you and yeah I hope you like this
weird combined vlog
Oh
