Loreena 3:30 flirty and thriving morning
everybody I'm with my dad Canada my
daddy and we just had some lunch I
didn't vlog yesterday he got here
yesterday so I skipped today but we were
just sat in the editing room all day -
how was that with the motors right no
they were really cool but it wasn't
boring I didn't fall asleep because it
was boring except to Alex I know but I'm
not talking about that I'm talking about
how I thought it was awesome I feel like
it's boring he said he wanted to come up
and do the editing I'm like we literally
just sit in a room for 12 hours oh
they're so good at it
I watched Katie over and over and over
and over so anyway then we went home and
we watched I let him watch one through
four episodes one through four so good
what's your favorite episode four and I
like four to Allah I see right now for
might be my favorite it's really funny
like super super funny it was cool to
watch them in order I haven't done that
yet so it was yeah it's fun I hope you
guys like it I'm nervous anyway we just
had some pizza and now guys going home
quick but yet today I have the day off
which means I'll just be filming a bunch
of IDEO x' and hanging out before I go
back to editing room tomorrow but it's
my first day off from the editing room
and forever
so that's crazy okay what someone like
to explain to me what kind of sick joke
someone is playing on me right now that
I am a grown-ass thirty year old woman
yes I'm thirty years old do not come
from i what cruel joke is being played
on me right now
that I am a grown-ass thirty year old
woman and my skin is just walking around
acting like I'm going through puberty
for the first time I am breaking out
worse than I have ever broken out in
like years like literal years I don't
understand why all of a sudden look at
us this is it is it what is the deal and
I'm wearing makeup right now so like you
can't really tell that much but you can
kind of see it here here here here all
about my forehead Jeremy knows I
honestly do not know what to do with
myself today I as you guys know I hate
being alone I
hate doing anything by myself Cory's out
and about today with some friends and I
need to film a couple videos but then
I'm like already having anxiety about
the fact that I know I'm going to be
sitting alone all night tonight I'm so
ready to go home last year I had already
gone home by this point if you're
another week and they go on for two
weeks and then I have to come back up
for two more weeks why it's so much
longer I don't hand we go oh sorry
clearly I'm in a bad mood yeah I'm going
to go film videos I'm an adult woman and
this is what I do on a Sunday afternoon
I just filmed my video for tomorrow and
it's so dumb I'm kind of a why we made
me laugh which rarely happens with
Miranda videos but that one for some
reason just made me laugh so because
like it trying to think of another video
to shoot for this week so that I have
another video to post because I will not
have time to tell anything so yeah
that's what I'm on to Nexis I need to
clean up my face and then film another
Miranda video okay to go dude even all
that you needed why was I watching to me
I don't know why this brings me love
okay I finished filming Moran videos but
now I need to film me video so I did my
makeup for myself and look at gosh you
guys it is non-stop for this kid why
aren't you like this I know I show you
guys this every day but somehow every
day it still shocks me nothing lays like
this you're so we ever do he's so funny
I love him so much anyway um yeah so I
am going to film a video and then I'm
going to make myself a dinner and have a
date by myself with myself I'm like a 30
flirty and thriving so I just finished
filming my Queens corner and hopefully
it's a good one cool corners are hard
for me to do because first I don't think
they're very entertaining sometimes
really fun and that one was fun to do so
hopefully you guys like it now I'm going
to put on pants because right now I'm
wearing cute little overall here's B my
booty I'm gonna put on some pants I'm
going to walk to the grocery store and
I'm gonna get food to make myself some
dinner so I can eat dinner
alone like a classy lady oh my gosh my
hair is in a ponytail day and I just
took it down into little bits oh not
look crazy and gross but whatever okay
so I was at the store and I got set to
make a baked potato which I know it
sounds really like why would you ever do
that but I just was craving it I also
have stuff to make gnocchi but when I by
the time I got home like now it's a
baked potato kind of night the baked
potato the one singular potato is in the
oven and everyone likes a baked potato
different how I do mine is I put some
olive oil on it like herbs and spices
and garlic and stuff on the actual
potatoes but like soaks in and I poke
holes in the big-sato
and then I cook it for way too long like
overcook it so that the skin gets crispy
and then I also put broccoli so I cut up
some broccoli I'm gonna steam it I put
some cheese in there this is just plain
old cheddar cheese and sour cream and
salt and pepper and that's how I put
anything but I want to know what you
guys like in your bed potato because I
think baked potato is one of the most
underappreciated dinner items you can
eat it like I think baked potatoes are
so good I know a lot of people like them
with like chili or chicken or chives let
me know in the comments below what is
the most bomb combination on a baked
potato because I want to explore my
horizons
that's good cooks like an hour and then
I'm gonna eat dinner I'm gonna watch
Game of Thrones and I'm going to go to
bed look at my hair disgusting
dinner date I'm about Wow go long
I love you guys and I'm gonna watch Game
of Thrones I'm going to edit and I'm
gonna go to bed
thanks for watching things hang out with
me on Sunday and I'll see you guys
tomorrow at work
