I knew everybody I'm at the airport I'm
going to I'm going to Jose here and
Frankie who's currently being patted
down because they wanted him to take off
his bracelet and he didn't want to do it
it's another gimmick come on Paul Pott
did what is it his face belting a lovely
free massage well we made it very
lightly and those unbelievable here you
just did seven we did we made it we made
it so beautiful in Orlando tomorrow we
were gonna go to Disney World
yeah but we ain't gonna go to they were
like football players better than you
did that's what they said they literally
said that we got too many people for the
probe boat but anyways we're here in
sounds or we go back Universal and dick
they were like oh gods your birthday
come on over and party with us and we
said that's gonna be just fine
so yeah we're gonna go to university yes
I heard they got that Harry Potter land
there they got hair and makeup see you
but I can't believe they're serving beer
to kid butter bear it different than
bear but it's still alcohol you can't
give an alcohol to kids no you can't
bleachers better enough he's got to be
an abductee need to have beer in my
family I know man everyone agrees but I
just burped no it's a daddy what's a
call yeah I didn't learn that one in
Stowe we just had the craziest fight
member the flight was fine um but the
flight attendant like so many stories
that I can't even put it in one vlog
like we have to make a main Channel
video for act like a mini can't even put
into words we're gonna have to act it
out
I don't know what he just said but
basically that took that took that did
take forever with the play attendants
hated me like from the second we like
got in the plane hating me hated me for
no reason was supervising me and then
loved me she basically all have to wait
till the video comes out but essentially
in that play I had headphones thrown at
me I was yelled at I was made out with
yeah oh no then her hair was in my mouth
and she punched me in the face with a
coke and like it was I can t remember
all day I had to write the mother so she
was a matter of like roast beef like two
slices of roast beef
she like put one sheet knocked over
Frankie's coffee it was like she was
like 70 and like we went from being like
okay I hate her she's the worst she so
mean to me and then we were like but
they loved her cuz then she gave us coke
to go she's like take a bottle of wine
take a bottle of wine and we're like no
she's like oh I thought you guys would
have some fun
we were like you something she said I
thought yeah I'm not no she said she
lives in Orlando when Lana thought this
out but it is south
it certainly is close to the south
anyway if you're watching this we have a
show in Tampa by the time this comes up
it'll be tomorrow Oh Saturday in Tampa
and then on Sunday we got a show in
Atlanta you'll put in the comment below
what you want us to do cuz we don't know
we're not clueless know what we should
do at extra value meal right extra by no
means
comes with what likes other things we're
gonna be with present drink can
is there a salad option look there's
like a little picture of a salad can I
have it with a salad yeah you can but
Frank yeah great I'll take a number five
with salad and I want a sweet team
that's that'll be my splurge all right
can I get a number one please can I get
up Big Mac with a small coke wait do you
guys have chocolate milkshakes yeah yes
can I get a chocolate milkshake are you
thinking that god what I talked about
said apparently the hotel that we're
staying at doesn't have food at all and
there's no restaurants open there's
literally nothing within 20 miles as I'm
driving Frankie's driving which is scary
no give the biggest car in the world
it is literally a boat yeah and the only
thing open was McDonald's I don't think
Frankie's never even been to a
McDonald's before I think I went once
when I was on tour with Dora the explora
live in 2005 haven't had a Big Mac in
years but what I like to do I'm gonna
eat a Big Mac I don't love me I actually
don't think it's that good
I eat a pretty vegetarian diet I do eat
meat like I don't mind it but I usually
take off the meat patties or at least
one fun when I'm eating a big
isn't that weird it comes with two
patties and they usually take one off or
take them both so like because you're a
vegetarian I'm saying that like I don't
love me like I could easily be a
vegetarian because I don't really like
anyway no it's okay now we already paid
though huh you know who likes vanilla my
toes before we bought it
what's a frappe it why would they did
not tell us that before we buy it
he told us after we bought something we
buy each other shake and then after we
bought it they go we don't have it but
we already pay for it penny what we made
it into our hotel I don't know what's
going on this is so weird I haven't been
on tour in a really long time I haven't
done one of these kind of tourist tours
or you go overseas for a few weeks but
these little like overnight little
stints I don't do very often it's what I
used to do way back in the day when I
would travel around with Rachel so
that's kind of how the first few months
of this year are because we didn't know
if I was gonna get a season 3 of haters
back off so we didn't want to do a big
bus to her because normally this is when
I'd be writing the show so we just did a
little like weekend gigs here and there
so that's why the schedule is so funny
and weird and small but yeah so I don't
know what's going on it's so fun to be
around Frankie Frankie and I are like so
close and we have been for 9 almost 10
years and whenever we're together it's
like all I do is laugh like I just
laughed so hard he's so funny
so we just had a blast like all we did
today was fly to Orlando and I was
laughing like the whole flight like it
was so fun it is almost 1:00 in the
morning
I'm not tired at all I so I might film
some Miranda videos I don't know what
I'm gonna do because like I'm literally
not tired even in the slightest uh yeah
but tomorrow we're gonna go to Universal
Studios which will be really fun and
it's a celebrate Frankie's birthday and
then we have to drive to Tampa so that's
the plan
tomorrow and we're seeing in a really
weird hotel they like we're giving away
dog treats in the lobby but they don't
have any food interesting all right I
love you guys I'll see you tomorrow I'm
so excited
again I'm probably just gonna vlog for a
while I'm on this little tour but I
might try to go back to like not really
editing my vlogs just like posting
without being edited I hope that's cool
TI's all right I love you I'm rambling
see you later
