Loreena ya know anybody it's 9:30
I have not logged yet today just been at
work
we got your episode 6 today and we send
it to Netflix to check out and see if
they like it so we're nervously awaiting
the MC Lyte episode and after working on
episode 7 and then we only have one
episode to edit and then we're done with
the see them crazy I'm so excited so
just have the episode to be done and the
season be done and yeah I'm just excited
look still light out because I'm in
Canada anyway my dad is coming tomorrow
I'm so excited he mentioned to me that
he wanted to see the editing process he
was like oh would be so cool to see how
that works I'm so interested in that and
I was like it's really boring we just
like sit in a room for 12 hours and look
it takes over and over and over and over
and over and over again and he was like
I want to go I would love it so even
though it's when I was Saturday I'm
working because we're working six days a
week right now so I was like mine come
up for the weekend
so I can be here tomorrow so that'll be
really cool to have family up here with
me how are you jeez I'm home as you guys
know I play you whenever I'm stressed or
tired it really comes me down and makes
me really happy and so I'm doing that
tonight and I was looking for a songs to
learn how to play grace van der Waal
Jesus on Gossip Girl that she wrote and
every song that she writes is just so
shocking to me because she is so
talented for such a young age like she's
only 12
I think and her lyrics are so good and
this song is so good and I feel like
it's so relatable because every girl has
been through this probably every boy to
has been through the situation of like
having a friend they thought they knew
and they thought they were close to and
they thought they could trust and and
then that person just ended up being
just like a Gossip Girl which is what
the song is called or like somebody
stabbed you in the back I'm like how is
this little girl like so wise beyond her
years that she's writing songs that Lily
anyone could relate to and like
also why is she dealing with this stuff
when she's so young but anyway I was
just playing it and I loved it so much
yeah and I thought you guys would love
it too because it's totally relatable
I'm sure you've all experienced this
point anything is always oh I'm not
trying to point you out you just making
Saxby I have into classes
oh gosh I was not a part they'll make
lately lemon get like it another song
I've been obsessed with and I think I'm
gonna whoop I might fill my um ran a
video for tonight leaving no it's
already 11:30 so probably not but is
Selena Gomez's new song I think it's
really good song fetish it's kind of
weird but I'm going to try to play that
right now too
and this will be my first time playing
it's a little probably so my trash
apologies
yeah you don't leave it baby can you
leave it but not only me because I'm
ecology needed look in a mirror
why should I beautiful baby
I got a faceful Oh shall I see the boy
living
you've gotta swallow my you come on baby
how are you
I don't know the bridge enough yet I'm
gonna heard song enough but yeah anyway
that's all I'm gonna go but I love you
guys and thank you for watching my vlogs
every day I know nothing really happened
today for you to watch yeah I'm really
really appreciative of you guys and
actually today I was watching one
rollers been watching my videos for
years and it's the biggest ignorant
named Ava she posted a YouTube video
today like she's trying to like break
into you to stuff so I watch it and it's
really good good it was like a get ready
with me like makeup tutorial what she
does it's awesome and I'm so proud of
her for like pursuing you know YouTube I
think any of you if you have a dream or
if you want to do YouTube or if you want
do anything you should do it like go for
and do it doesn't matter how old you are
or what you're doing with your life like
always just pursue what you love and
what makes you happy so I'm really proud
of her so anyway I let's say I watched
that video today and then she has other
videos and she had a video that she had
edited that was like my story like clean
boundary stories and I was like a fan at
it but it was like all this footage of
me with fans and my career and it was
just I like almost started crying
watching it
because just how much I love you guys
and how much I love this job connecting
with you guys and I was one part where
in the video that she edited together I
start to cry because I was talking about
how you guys raised all this money for
childhood cancer and that's still to say
the proudest thing I've ever done in my
whole life is raising money for
childhood cancer and watching that part
and like seeing how proud I was of you
guys like is so proud of you like it
made me tear up again watching it and
yes I'm feeling a little sappy these
days I know it just posted video me
crying because I'm so grateful for like
getting to do haters back off but again
like I'm so grateful for you guys and
for those of you have been sticking by
me through just the craziest year of my
life the hardest and craziest here so
anything I just love you guys and thank
you and
Oh
