I'm Laurie also computer kind of feels
like boy that's good it's nighttime and
you know what that means
here campus it's nothing late I've act
normally when I get off work it's the
light outside the fact that it is dark
means that I was in that room for a very
long time today my day started out with
a dr which my pleasure is before is when
the sound in haters back off gets messed
up like a plane flies overhead while
we're saying a line or something we have
to restate the lines now so i did that
all morning
and it was really cool because the girl
who played April last season was there
to do ADR for our show for like the
people in the crowds if you know the
extras and whatnot like they have people
to come in for those sounds and she
wasn't oh he will came in so it's really
cool to see her name's Rochelle she's
super nice look my brother's calling me
gotta go hey y'all so I don't know where
I left off when I was talking on my walk
home but my brother called and I had to
talk to him about work stuff so sorry
it is like 2:00 in the morning 1:30 in
the morning since 1:30 I just took a
shower clearly so I look like a wreck
but I want to go to bed I realize I
don't have any really footage for you
guys from today so I thought I would
show you guys some of my my favorite
things that I've been obsessed with
lately in life having she was like
beauty and fashion whatever not that I
know anything about that stuff because I
literally know nothing of the worst and
I'm I love those videos and so I was
like I'll do one so you guys don't like
that kind of video don't watch the rest
as well you'll be very bored so the
first thing I've been obsessing over
since basically since I started doing
haters back off is eminence organic
skincare stuff so my makeup lady on
haters back off just gave me a bunch of
stuff and so I'm not good about taking
care of my skin but this stuff is
awesome it's like this toner
stuff I don't know what's like limey and
great and I just like always sprayed on
my face every night and every morning
I've been obsessive at and kind of their
whole life there's a face wash I used
and there's just like moisturizer that I
use and I don't really notice a
difference in my skin but I don't know I
think you're like having the curb
routine something I've talked about
perform videos so I'm so obsessed with
is teas from Victoria Secret I spray
this on myself every single day dry
shampoo has been my life lately because
I never shower like this is like the one
shower a week you're welcome but I'm
obsessed with dry shampoo it's like
literally empty one thing up in like
crazy sense with is the shampoo and
conditioner that my hair guy gave me on
set I have a huge bottle of it cuz it's
literally obsessed it it's super
expensive - it's like ordered before
you'd be I don't know gold less for
parent a store conditioner and shampoo
guys the way this smells like it smells
so so good it's super expensive my
hairdresser got it for me I don't think
I'd ever buy on my own
way too expensive so don't buy it but
it's so good I'm assessing it now as far
as like other stuff I've been obsessed
with kombucha and I hate myself for this
because I've always made fun of people
who like drinking bucho and are like all
organic and ron's I thought there's
nothing wrong with that but just like in
LA a lot of people do it just to be like
cool or trendy I stamp late and I want
something cold and like fizzy to drink
but I don't want to just keep drinking
coke because I literally drink like six
cokes a day and it's really bad so at
night when I need to be winding down I
go to bed I always have a kombucha so if
anything also kombucha kind of tastes
like poison there's only a couple more
thing sorry I know this is the most
boring video I could ever books okay so
I have this coach backpack so there's a
coach outlet like store here in Canada
so this was super cheap it's so cute
it's just a plain white backpack and I
guess these are like going out of style
or something so they're on sale and mama
don't care about style so I was like I
don't care if it's last season or
whatever I love it it was really cheap
and on sale and it's so cute and I
literally was s it also got it coach
back because I was using like a diaper
bag like I literally walk using a diaper
bag so finally I was like okay I need to
be a big girl and have a big purse that
I can carry my laptop all my paperwork
all my documents everything I need for
work it's like a nice bag and I travel
with it too so like my carry-on I'm so
that I have literally never in my life
had a nice purse like I never had a
designer purse I've never had a designer
backpack
I've never had designer anything I've
never had a bag that cost more than like
$20 so since this outlet everything's on
sale I got this Coach bag and that
little backpack for super cheap and I'm
like obsessed now the next thing and my
crazy obsessed with are these shoes so
again I don't know anything about
fashion at all but I like to be
comfortable so literally every day I
wear high-waisted jeans a crop top and
tennis shoes and used to just wear
flip-flops or uggs but I walk home from
work everyday and it's like a mile
Ishta mile in half so I needed cozy
comfy cue shoes and I'm obsessed these
are kids
and they have like this cool like cool
material on the side of um they're green
inside and have a little blue thingy
here and then on the tongue it's green
the laces are really tiny and skinny and
cute and I have a little obsessive
issues like I wear them every day and
every single day I look at them I'm like
these are so cute they're so simple I
don't know why I love them I'm obsessed
with him don't ask me why I'm total
freak face my other huge obsession which
you guys already know about is one of
these but there's a onesie in particular
that I'm obsessed with roots which is a
Canadian clothing line roots has a
onesie that is I'm not getting you the
literal most comfortable onesie on the
planet have three of them and here I'll
show you one so they're super super cozy
is like a sick really cozy material and
then in the sleeves it has these little
holes for your thumbs so you can like
get super cozy I can't even express in
words how incredible these onesies are
yet I at the roots outlet here in Canada
so they were on sale not sponsored I
wish I was wrote hook me up because I
would literally live in this like I've
walked around in these I will like I
won't take them off I gone to work in
these one of these there those are the
things I can think of at the moment that
I've recently been shockingly obsessed
with some of you might be interested in
that and some of you might think it's
the worst most boring video in the world
but that's what I wanted to do I was in
boring video for today and I love you
guys my god I know I already said
goodnight but look how my car sleeps is
insane I know I've shown you this in
many times but it always shocks me just
spread eagle on his back every day of
his life you're so weird I just do that
hilarious
good and that's you
yeah
