I'm Laurie number eight I'm such a
weirdo
good evening everybody
it's about 9:00 p.m. we're supposed to
finish episode six today didn't happen
but we were getting close to finishing
and then the editor was like coin you're
exhausted if you're kind of useless
right now go home anyway the color
beautiful tonight
I mean see this look at that so pretty I
have some exciting news I'm going to New
York City York City for work thing it
just so happened pulled me by chance and
luck that I'm going to be in New York
City when my best friend Heather doing
the show with the Beverley bombshells
which is for all-girl group they have a
show on August 7 in New York City and
I'm going to be there so like oh my god
I can go and I'm also performing that
night a cast party which is the first
place I ever performed as Miranda 9
years ago I'm probably going to cry
because like I haven't been back and
performed there in years and that's
where I got my start that's where I
started performing the first started in
randa that's what gave you the
confidence to do a live show it's
looking any confidence to continue to
Miranda it's such a special place in my
heart I might sing like
defying gravity because that's the first
place I ever did defying gravity so I
feel like I should do that
I don't leave in the comments let me
what song I should do in New York I'm
really excited I'm going to there for
one day but I just think it's so cool I
get to be there for my friend show and
that's right so get tickets to Jim
Christmas cast pretty because they felt
like that like it's crazy polarity sold
out quite honestly it's a really small
venue against abundance
Wow crying I don't want to leave look he
opens the door I know you like Canada in
one sorry I'm sorry two weeks that's all
you have to do I bet you're just
learning I already fed you today go look
let's it go with you without their car
it's all we got
nothing exciting that's an elevator you
want to go home baby kind of breaks my
heart he really hates me bub Sam guys
okay I'm such a weirdo
I just am such a weirdo right now I am
listening to cues for his back off so we
have a really awesome composer who
composes everything and then he sends it
to Budapest and we have an orchestra
record the music and Budapest like a
huge Orchestra but there's this one cue
he sent and it's so beautiful I'm not
crying as I go of my music so beautiful
I had this moment where I was like
listening to the song over and over and
over again it's so pretty and it's like
this what was full orchestra and it's so
gorgeous and I just been listening to it
on repeat because I love it so much and
I had this moment of like oh my god a
full orchestra in Budapest is recording
music that was composed for a show that
I wrote like who does that happen to and
I just got so overwhelmed with like
gratefulness and just like that doesn't
happen to people and like I'm so
grateful this opportunity and I always
have been I don't feel like I've ever
taken it for granted but I just got
overwhelmed it's just terrifying I just
got so overwhelmed with like this
feeling of like oh my god like I cannot
believe I got to do a season two and
even if like
nothing ever happens past this I don't
get a season three or like if or if you
know people stop watching my videos or
whatever happens moving forward like I'm
so grateful for what I have had yeah I
mean part of my tears are just like I'm
so tired
how am i a person that got to experience
this life like I feel so lucky and I
feel so grateful and so humbled and so
just happy and just thank you I had just
film and just say thank you because if
it weren't for you guys watching me and
supporting me this never would have
happened to me and I just feel so well
and I don't know why folks over it I
mean they're just gotten so like worked
up with to stress of everything and like
you know seeing like some of my numbers
slip a little bit online and thinking
like oh people like many more and
there's a lot of rumors going on about
me and lies and all the stuff online but
I've just been so consumed with like
that and like stressed and like scared
and just freaking out instead of just
enjoying what I as any experiencing
right now like I'm I'm the luckiest girl
in the world
and yeah I don't know I just like it
just hit me tonight during the writing
process and during production like I
have moments like this often where I
doesn't cry because I just can't believe
it's real
but like during post-production it's
been so hard and so like exhausting and
like lonely does have a ton a moment
like this so it was nice night like
listen to this music and be like wow
you're so lucky like and I'm not trying
to brag either I don't anyone think I'm
bragging because I'm not like I'm I'm
saying thank you to you guys because I
wouldn't have any of this different work
for you and I don't feel like I deserve
it and so
I'm just really grateful like a lot of
people would love to experience what I'm
experiencing so for me to ever complain
about being tired or like stress it just
seems silly like I'm so lucky and yeah I
don't know what I'm saying that I love
you guys and thanks for letting me have
this life because I'm luckiest from the
world and you guys oh my god I'm gonna
go listen to that song 200 more times
and probably cries more and do some work
and go to bed um yeah again thanks for
making this my life because I'm really
lucky and it's not going to last forever
so I need to appreciate it while it's
happening
Oh
