I'm pouring them please
guess what guys today I am shooting
hiccups which means if there's a shot we
are missing from the show we do pickups
we pick up a couple little shops and my
shirt is covered in black slugs I was
wearing a sweatshirt over my shirt and
it like I just look really dirty and I
can't get it off I can't show you where
we are but I'm excited today I'm when
the Emily's hands doubles so I'm going
to pretend to be Emily's hands and then
I'm doing a scene as Miranda which is
where my hair is already Miranda listen
we're shooting one other pickups and I'm
not in so very excited to be back
producing and helping directed stuff as
opposed to sitting in that editing room
for 400 hours
are you recording yes Elmo there are the
internet hates these love you know
Jeremy turned on me we're rolling right
now I'm video it looks beautiful good -
love it
the Internet so one thing that's crazy
about pickup is our house doesn't exist
anymore the set is gone don't have our
set anymore so some of the pickup shots
that we're getting are in the house and
we're not at the house so we have to
kind of imitate the house where we are
right now so we're getting this one shot
here in our location we have to make it
look like Brandis house here so we have
this chair for Becky they're going to
going to build a little like background
area so also there's my costume oh my
goodness
oh I'm just totally not supposed to show
you this right now because this is a
costume from season 2 but I feel like I
think I did a video in this costume in
my trailer ones or something so I think
you guys have already seen this and I'm
taking pictures in it so I wear this in
season 2 oh my god oh yeah it smells
oh I like that oh yeah I salt roba okay
so they're setting up a shot this is so
crazy to me they literally built an
entire set in 45 minutes and I am so
impressed it's crazy
I was just Francesca's hand double I did
incredible actually didn't I'm like
really shaky you guys will see in the
show I wonder if you guys will be able
to find which shot I did it's very
clearly my hands and my hands are super
shaky and like bony so sorry Francesca
yes ready got a good that's a wrap
that's a wrap everybody please that's a
wrap point 5 it is a boom bang again
that's dim I get out any work yet no
gems are easy now we had two 80s during
the season but Gary got upgraded to
director today I got him is the a B so
tri does that make you feel feels great
a love scene a little men rise Oh Gary
Raju the top Gary you like doing charity
work I'm home that was a fun day uh yeah
we start off the day in the editing room
we're in editing room for might end for
and then we went and shot from for like
9:00 and then it was an hour away so
then we just got back to the in Coober
it's about 10:00 I'm tired but I'm
really happy it was really nice to see
some of the crew today from the show and
just do something different I really
love helping to direct and I love
producing and like that part of it is so
fun for me the editing part is like the
hardest part for me it's really hard to
be stuck in a room all day and like I
don't know it's not my favorite but I'm
really grateful I get to be a part of it
because most people in my situation
wouldn't get that opportunity so I'm
really grateful my room is a disaster so
while I should be editing my videos for
the week I really need to clean my room
because it is insane so I think I'm
going to put on the bachelor
bachelorette actually
we will move hmm
now I'm going to bed I'm tired
Oh
oh my god is lemon sells I'm just not
while I am i pants that fit me
do you want them oh my god you guys Gus
is being such a little bit today I'm not
kidding so this morning first of all he
tricked me and Cory and whenever he
would be set he'll like come up to and
meow and purr like cuddle cuz he wants
you to go FINA this morning he did this
to Cory Cory fed him then Cory left for
Starbucks I didn't know Cory had said
him and he came up to me purring meowing
and then ran into his little cat room I
went in there his food bowls empty he's
standing by at meowing meowing meowing
acting like he hasn't eaten in 400 years
so I feed him and then Cory comes home
was like I literally just met him an
entire can he comes two cans of food
today because he's freaking lied and
tricked me into thinking that he hadn't
eaten yet he was asking what he was
starving and now he's doing it again
he's walking on the house meowing and I
literally went into his he was in his
little cat room sitting by his empty
food bowl looking at me like I'm
starving feed me wet food he has drives
it by the way he just doesn't want to
eat it and look at him I go Scott you
are not eating anymore you already
tricked me you already got to like I
fully like scolded him he darted at me
grabbed one of my legs started biting me
incline my foot yeah you know you swing
right now he's going into a smooth ball
he's gonna sit by it's going to meow cuz
he wants to nacido you up got to be
kidding me
you literally had two cans of cat food
today stop being a brat but you don't
need any more okay oh yeah he did
Oh
