I'm Laureen I'm great
yes that was real far good one can can
see Becky so tired I'm but all of my
watching Big Brother's they get ready
for work I'm late I need to go we could
develop a mask this is like the most
part of urban I just couldn't see last
night I couldn't shut my brain off yeah
I don't know what the problem is anyway
I'm gonna work just long work week six
days of 12-hour days Oh
so I'm going to get to I don't know I
might need to hear those all the pretty
good I like that one's better though
right like yeah explode this off yes
more on the way like dude yeah I think I
was in doing oh yeah I don't know which
one is that's a horse person okey okey
time to go home it's like 8:30 here
simplify it was a great day we worked on
Episode five for a little bit and then
we worked on Episode four and we
finished episode four well we finished
it now we send it to Netflix and Netflix
lets us know if the day thing is
finished we watched it and we were all
like laughing out loud like cackling
Cory and I were like just dying of
laughter so that makes me happy knowing
that like I've literally seen that
episode like a hundred times we've been
editing it for forever so the fact that
I can still watch the episodes and I can
still laugh is so cool and crazy and I
wasn't expecting that so that made me
feel good
anyway I'm walking home some loud
seagulls in two weeks I will be back in
LA and that's kind of what's keeping me
going is knowing like okay one day at a
time two weeks I'll be back home that's
helpful
no I mean I'll only be home for two
weeks and then I have to come back but
at least I get two weeks off in LA all
right goodbye
so as you guys know I skipped like four
days of vlogging I was vlogging I just
wasn't like vlogging a full day's worth
like I do like up clip a day and then I
forget to keep blogging so actually a
some footage that I wanted to share with
you guys so I did you ADR the other day
which means like if the audio wasn't
good for Peters back off all the actors
go into the studio and we have to
re-record our lines and so I had to do
that for two hours the other day like oh
there's a bunch of my lines that were
messed up because of like planes flying
overhead or like my mic scratched up
against me you know so I had to like
redo lines so it's really fun to be in
the ADR booth I have some footage of me
in the ATR
so I want to share that with you guys
Oh
my training is so hard I'm not gonna lie
you guys it is hard for me really right
for me to do my work after I've worked
all day like I have so much work to
unite and I don't want to do it I just
kind of want to play my ukulele and hang
out so yeah
Oh
