Rodney chlorine and please don't put
that of office good morning everybody
it's been a few days since I've logged
she needed to break it was hard
transitioning back into Vancouver life
after being home and it was awesome and
then coming back up here and editing for
bajillion are today I just like couldn't
get back into look but now I'm going to
starting up again
and I'm with Corey just so tell and I
have a surprise for him today
what is the fry not what we're doing
we're going top of that boat we're going
on a pirate ship crews piano keys no
seriously is like it's for kids but it's
like I'm one on suppose I play pirate
and you have to act like a pirate
are you excited we may need okay so
we're on grandma islands and
corn on our egg mummy burger not gonna
be nice knowing you tired of interesting
number little tiny males will run around
Granville Island okay now it's too loud
because I'm trying to boss
because from an existing code and the
woman who gave me has Australian accent
and I'd like giggling as she was talking
to me because I got a so excited to go
to Australia in this village here to
know I'm going to achieve a feeling I
get your ticket I'm so excited like
clapping we are pirated up with your
very name i'm king crab Cory I'm what am
i pat brocoli
you got ugly brown and i got your okay
it gets winter eyeballs eyeballs she
knew I was coming
he is so mask before last right now they
asked if I wanted one and no I already
have a mustache they're trying to get
rid of once a month so I don't need
another one drama
finish the pirate adventure and Cory is
not here do the roof all reveal when I
have a devil egg with did you like the
pirate crew
yeah I loved it it was fun it was like
definitely for little kids I wish that
Parker and bailing Jake could have been
there I feel like they would have loved
it like I think they just sort of had so
much fun it was really fun to like watch
the kids have a blast so it was it was
really fun it was definitely for like
kids I'm ready for my reveal okay baby
posse ascendant and okay so now I'm
going to film a couple Miranda videos on
this lovely Sunday afternoon how to get
those ready for the week this week is
crazy we are in crunch time at work we
have scissors to cut the poop of my
cat's butt Gus is covered in poop to get
it out there the tingling my ass wall
there's a rustling my foolish fear the
scissors cutter
singled up my little dude
also Gus is just a hot mess and we have
this thing
it's an ask you on TV product that
supposedly can like groom your pet
without having an expensive groomer so
we're also going to try this but first
we need to cut the poop out of his fur
because it is not cute this is going to
be a nightmare because what you want to
do it don't put that above like that
into life trying to figure out this
grooming thing we cannot figure it up
does not work unless we're doing it
wrong but it definitely doesn't work and
Gus taste it
well that was a little but it got taste
it and it doesn't do anything
Cory kept trying trying and like kind of
cut off some hair but not really I think
I'll just pay for a groomer okay kiddos
it is late I am sleepy time for bed yeah
I've worked tomorrow again this is a
six-day Work Week this week I'm working
tomorrow through Saturday so it's going
crazy it's gonna bug that's the next two
weeks so I'm going to be a tired little
beam but I'm trying to keep logging
hopefully I'll have something
interesting to share with you guys yeah
I'm gonna go to bed and I was the I
Sizzix watching and Gus kisses good
night
I say good night Matthew tomorrow
yeah
