I'm Laureen I'm great sit on a broken
toe oh ok guys update on my channel it's
been about 24 hours longer and it is so
disgusting but okay I was like looking
at this so I was like oh bitch this
looks broken isn't not even the broken
one but they both look kind of press
pastry a little bit you didn't said one
of my total things with tears just look
it up the road okay we got to go so much
I'm thinkin idea for a Dodge X and we
should do facial did you used to like
put glue on your hands yes when you peel
it off yes I'm we're always the best
okay except I did too much and like
ripped off all the hair on my hand and
it wasn't fun it was like really painful
like I know narrator yeah you're not in
luck
but we've put eyes on you okay anyway um
we're going to turn fear with you I
forgot okay so Christopher Jeffrey came
over the other night I know and they
have a peel box and someone sent
presents to mean Gus did their field
office which is funny because I don't
feel box too
so if you guys want to send best
anything or me anything I don't even
like toggle kill box because I never
want you guys to feel like it to send me
stuff but if you haven't one you
definitely want to send to me I do have
a peel box my cat is judging you
this is amazing and I don't know who fun
but thank you so much who ever said this
to Jessica Stiehl box of it and there's
another one for Gus see what it might
good you won't come he's not a dog oh my
god he literally came you know I just
called him Elswick he's not going to
come
there's just saw him sleeping in my
bedroom he's literally right here come
here
you like this yes good boy it's time to
do another duet with myself you go
