I'll show you it's it's really gross
beware oh my god got this I broke my toe
last night I stubbed my toe when I was
walking through the kitchen making
dinner and I kind of just ignored it I
was like I really heard it and I like
went up to a couple of friends that were
here and I was like hey you look at my
toe I feel like it broke I heard it snap
it really hurts more than just a stubbed
toe and everyone's like no it's fine a
time it is broken I'm going to show you
sorry my feet are so nasty and like
really need a pedicure but you're gonna
have to get over it because I'm crusty
and I like never get pedicures ever so
bad look at that fully crooked it hurts
so bad
and last night at hurt too but I was
just like ignoring it I was like I felt
like a big woof because everyone was
like you're fine you just stub your toe
it's not that big of a deal but I
remember scaring it snap and I was like
maybe just pop you know sometimes we
crack your knuckles I thought maybe just
like my toe knuckles cracked or
something because I heard it snap and I
was like ha and then I just was like
everyone told me it's not broken may
everyone looked it and I'm like it's
fine it's fine if your boys touching and
they're like well if it doesn't hurt
when we touch it like it does hurt no
like you'd be screaming you'd be
screaming if it was broken okay tell me
that is not a broken toe tell me that
crooked as bright blue and purple toe is
not a broken toe so that's how ideas
starting out saying I'm going over to
Joey's place soon to do a collab and
then I'm just editing and chilling at
home
todrick said we were filming something
but I have no idea if that's happening
or not so you guys my toe is getting
worse I think I need to go to the doctor
I'm supposed to club with Joey like in
an hour but it's getting worse and here
I'll show you it's it's really gross
beware so gross look it's completely
bent like she's getting bigger it's
really gross something my mom said I
should go to the doctor because they can
like give me pain meds for it and like
tape it for me in the right way like at
this point I can't even touch it
like it hurts so much I can't walk on it
like I can walk but I'm walking on
he'll so I'm sure after I post this
video and after I make a bad decision
y'all are going to be like tweeting me
like what you should have done was blah
blah blah and you'll tell me what to do
so I wish I could fast forward to
tomorrow to win all the comments in here
are going to tell me what to do
so maybe I'll just snap chat and ask you
guys and see what we say a lot of
strange series of events of not
anticipating having a broken foot today
so I'm currently learning how crazy it
is to have a todrick Hall because he
sucide you a video and now my house is
full full of gay men I can't see what
the video is but it's chaos in my house
right now I know just doing that thing
no but like what is happening chaos but
at least man is here
oh do I have to go oh I gotta go back to
the director headings are nice it's
crazy in my house still and it's
probably what time is it at this point
don't say anything just listen please
number you've never seen an automatic
slide I've cover from ideas i'm midi on
the throwback thursday school do all
that well i don't know what's going on
if i know that it is 1120s he knows is
not normal behavior for a cat right you
are so weird
hey oh my god so very very important
necessary that hello world I just want
you guys to know that I have been
religiously reading the comments on
Wayne's blog and I have never felt more
fulfilled in my entire life you know
when I decided to move in and upgrade
this residence it was really really a
tough decision for me but I have to say
I've never been more excited I'm having
so much fun there's never been more
glitter in this house which is very
difficult to accomplish
Jen's make the top gayer than it already
is so thank you guys for inspiring me to
read because I haven't read anything
Charlotte's Web I literally don't read
it all and kind of talking to this guy
and he was like maybe you should um read
a book or something I was like oh that's
cute do you think I read you made
comments now though yeah no really I'm
saying at the point of this is that
thank you guys for just lighting is it
look at this Whitney Houston vane coming
out on aggregate
so many nodes and I literally can't even
talk now about straining my vocal cords
welcome thank you for though one minute
and 40 seconds on a log all of that
getting cut no it's not honey
that's how you get your views up that's
a bomb devil Street oh my god yes I
forgot to finish vlogging yesterday so I
love you guys thanks for watching and
I'll see you tomorrow bye
