I'm Laureen I'm brave and be here alone
no power and no foe hello everybody good
morning this is Ron you guys already
know I'm introducing them again and I'm
not baby to do because we gotta have a
pool party I went by a bunch of pool
floaties we have a duck we have a banana
we have a hot dog we have a turtle we
have a pineapple we're going to get in
the pool and have a little pool that
booty I just don't like what about it is
as to both a human or cast I ate it I
got hot sauce in my bag swag
we had so much fun playing in the pool
and now I'm just trying to avoid working
it's really hard for me all I want to do
is like edit and work right now but I'm
trying to have a day where I don't do
that because I realize it's summertime
and have yet to have a day where I
didn't work the whole summer
I'm trying today to just relax and not
work and just leave my friends and have
the time so swimming for a couple hours
and I don't know what we're into now oh
my god you guys so I'm home alone right
now and the power just went out
so weird this is never happening before
I went outside and it looks like
everyone's powers out and todrick just
text me and said hey sure power out and
he is at a recording studio like a few
miles away from here so I guess Paris
went out everywhere which is crazy I
heard that a huge like power plant
somewhere like exploded today so I don't
know if that's what's happening my
phone's gonna die and my computer's
gonna die cuz I haven't charged them all
day so I'm going to be here alone with
no power and no phone Rachel just text
me electricity just not on our entire
block if we have to coming crashing your
couches tonight oh my god what's going
on it's out everywhere I think it's
because that power plant exploded well
I'm going to try to figure out what deck
is going on and light some more candles
this is crazy sirens are going out like
crazy my dogs freaking out what's going
on okay bye you can't see him but I'm
here hello and you are this morning at
10 a.m. I come downstairs and he's
eating frosting straight out of the
carton and he comes home at 10 p.m. in
my own home because I am a resident here
I got ya what a distant irrelevant
Brandi DVD is coming and when you start
getting mail from what's out Opie's
that's ones official yeah I know that
barista no doubt we have plans tonight
there will be no lie you can get you can
turn on your I've had my gym membership
and they got me together
forgot my splits on what they see even
in darkness Calif Iowa I'm using
fluorescence he will find a way that
first on chapter three drag races and
four trillion gay men always at my house
literally like always bad this
morning in Killeen was just surrounded
by like everybody from issues like any
of you
I have devoured this entire thing of
icing and I don't want any of you to
judge me I didn't know it's a Spaniard
they've been following me for years and
I eat cookies and ice cream for
breakfast lunch and dinner every day but
I hate this entire thing today I'm
digging my fingers and here's if there's
something like no one's judging you
because look what I had for lunch you
have a something that everyone and I did
call me out
okay wherever anger
