- its Daisy it's Daisy it's Daisy it's
Daisy my cat what are you doing okay
what's up guys so I'm gonna try
something new today I'm gonna vlog I
have involved in a really long time and
it's because I haven't had time I'm
working on a project and I promise you
were telling you what it is really
really soon it is my fault that I
haven't told you what it is everyone is
waiting on me to do something and I
can't make a decision so but it's pretty
soon you'll know what I've been working
on and why I've had no life and why I
haven't been able to vlog but I miss you
guys and I miss vlogging so I'm gonna
try vlogging today but I'm gonna do
something different I'm not gonna edit
this so anytime I turn on the camera
when I push record - when I push not
record it's gonna go in my vlog and
there's not gonna be any other thing so
I'm gonna go Trisha Paytas on your ass
and I'm not gonna vlog I'm not gonna
edit anything so the fact I just messed
up not editing that or that out see
words and the fact that I just said ass
I'm not gonna bleep out so whatever
happens today it's raw it's real is me
unedited it is me for real but yeah I
just miss you guys so I'm gonna vlog and
whatever happens happens cuz I'm I don't
have time to edit it so whatever this is
it's just gonna go out into the universe
and it's making me nervous I don't think
I've ever done that before
um so let's see well it's gonna say
today I am Ricky Dillon is coming over
any minute and we're gonna film together
I'm really excited I miss him and I've
been a hermit crab-like I literally have
not left my house in weeks I feel like
I've gone out a couple of times to like
see friends but then I like literally
have to leave I'll be like hey I can
only be here for five minutes because I
have to go home and work so see that
could have been really funny at it if I
was editing this I could have like
zoomed in on my face and I was burping
someone do that for me someone take this
vlog down and re-edit it and send it to
me so that it's a good blog cuz
otherwise right now just gonna be
backlog so let's see update since I last
vlog I think
it's been a week or two probably too
since I've logged class update what has
happened to me Cory gutted out my office
and cleaned it so it looks beautiful in
here now it's like unreal the closet is
all organized normally it's like packed
to the brim of crap he just crushed it
and it's amazing and organized this
whole office and I love him I would die
without Cory so that happened that was
exciting
I basically been a hermit crab and I
haven't gone anywhere done anything I've
just been working literally 24/7 been
staying up to like 5:00 6:00 in the
morning
being a psychopath working on it oh by
the way I want your oh my gosh this is
gonna be a weird video because I'm not
editing it and maybe I'm gonna regret
less if I say but I've said some things
recently like pictures I've said that my
whole life like oh my god I'm so crazy
oh my god I'm such a psychopath I say
stuff like that all the time and
recently I've been like wait is that
insensitive like is that not a nice
thing to say who people who actually are
like certified like Psychopaths or
insane people like me saying I'm insane
when I feel like like it like crazy
I guess that's still the same thing like
is that insensitive and - what see
anymore like teach me because you know
like there was a time where like a
million years ago where you know for
example an example would be like people
say like oh you run like a girl or oh
you're such a pussy if you can't do
something if you're scared like that's
insensitive and that's wrong because
you're basically saying a girl can't run
or a girl is weak and so we shouldn't
say someone's a pussy any more if
they're like weak are scared because
being a girl and having a vagina does
not make you weak so I keep recently
I've been thinking about that I say like
whenever I feel like out of control in
my mind is everywhere and I feel out of
it I say oh my god I'm so insane or oh
my god I'm crazy or that person's crazy
or that purse is insane or I'm a
psychopath I say that but then recently
I was like wait is that really
insensitive to people who actually have
like those mental disorders and who
actually are like clinically insane or
like
is that something that we should stop
saying because I don't want to be saying
something that's really insensitive and
you know I want to learn I wanna be a
better person so tell me in the comments
below is that something that's
insensitive to say because if it is I
should probably stop saying it but I'd
actually don't know if it is because
some don't understand the rules like
back way back in the day way back like
when I was young
saying like the word gay was an insult
like oh that's so gay meant that's so
dumb
obviously that's offensive now because
being gay is not dumb being gay is not
bad being hazed not wrong so saying that
word as an insult is offensive because
you're saying that being gay is bad or
wrong and I had to learn that because
when I was like 12 or 13 that was just a
common insult and then I had to learn
like oh that's offensive and I learned
and felt bad that I've ever said it but
I was grateful that I had learned that
it was wrong but now I was an adult
woman I'm realizing that I say oh my god
she's insane oh my god she's a
psychopath or oh my god I'm insane or oh
my god I'm so crazy and now I'm like
wait it's that totally insensitive so
please teach me I'm here to learn and
that's why I love the Internet is you
guys have grown with me and learned with
me and I always want to learn and become
a better person and I make mistakes so
I'm curious if that is something I
shouldn't do so let me know like I said
not ending this I cannot believe this is
already 6 minutes long oh my god okay
I'm here with Ricki now oh I'm trying
something new today with my vlog we're
not editing it at all like I'm just
putting all the clips together that's
what I usually do just read I can't no
time but I'll miss vlogging so I think
I'm just gonna post whatever I do my
vlogs are so just like like I'm not
gonna add music oh yeah no no no music
no collaboration oh I was like I'm just
gonna flap them up yeah think like two
minutes and I just put the other boom
yeah okay
well then now I don't feel as bad I felt
bad I felt guilty that I was like this
just more like raw yeah so anyway we're
about to film I'm excited the cats are
here hanging out on Ricky's trumpet
ledges only
guess this like sleeping yes and Ricki
smells really good in case you ever
wondering if he smells he smells amazing
hi guys it's the next day I didn't vlog
anymore yesterday I was just working so
nothing interesting for you but my mom
and dad are here now and they finally
got here from the mudslide so I haven't
seen my I see my family all the time so
even though it's only been like two
weeks what's it been two and a half
weeks that's a really long time for my
feet like normally like people are like
I see my family once a year and I'm like
I see my family every week so yes that
was a long time but they were trapped in
Santa Barbara because the month lights
came in Montecito and all the freeways
were closed so we couldn't get to them
they couldn't get to us so they just
opened up the fruits but even my mom
brought me all the stuff from my p.o box
and look I got these awesome new hugs
from Bree they're like crushed velvet
looking they're so cute and I'm so
excited this cuz I wanted this so bad
the chocolate gold Too Faced palette
like oh my gosh I was like admiring this
at Christmas time there's mascara on my
eyelid but I was admiring this at
Christmas time and I didn't get it
because it wasn't time to buy things for
myself it's time to buy things were the
people so this is amazing Thanks but I
also got like a bunch of games like to
bring to the Children's Hospital which I
thought was really sweet so if to talk
to them and see how that works and see
if I can do that because I don't really
know how that works
oh my gosh are these things for the
cat's a onesie for the cats
oh my gosh there's like mugs and
ornaments and a Frida Kahlo calendar
which the character if Emily loves in
haters back off but anyway I love going
through this stuff from the peel box
thank you
we're gonna go get some lunch and what
is happening with my hair what's
happening with my face I don't know but
I'm not editing this stuff yet get it
all what's up guys so I am going to
taste
thing right now where do I put it back I
just bought it oh okay so I went to the
store and I found these chips that are
kettle chips but they're like avocado
they're made in Calcutta oil and they're
tropica salt tropical salsa flavored
which sounds crazy so I'm gonna try
about this one it insane hmm my dad also
loves kettle chips so he's trying to
answer
Wow weird how do you make a chip taste
like mangos hmm interesting
I kinda taste the mango no not really it
just kind of tastes like weird and it's
not focused at all but stop don't worry
today I got a huge shipment of all of
the not although a bunch of stuff from
haters back off um after a show gets
canceled they throw it all away or use
it for other shows or whatever and I
couldn't bear the thought of half of
this stuff getting just tossed or reused
and like we painted over or whatever so
I asked to be shipped a bunch of the
stuff so I asked for like a couple of
mirando costumes and I asked for like
the Patrick bike but we got three
pallets of stuff so I'm gonna make a big
video for my main channel opening it up
later at home you'll see that eventually
I'm really excited about that
okay hey guys so I have not been walking
at all it is over over later than 1:00
in the morning right now I have to hold
my boobs because I'm not wearing a bra
but I want to show you this shirt I'm
wearing well I guess I can't really show
you cuz I don't know I might have just
flashed me some tips but this is my life
my rules and it's a sweatshirt I was
wearing in haters back off and I went
through all the haters back off stuff
and it was very emotional and I made a
big video hopefully it'll come up later
this week at some point um it was really
emotional and really cool but I just
wanted to recap something for you guys
really quick so I got this palette from
someone in my p.o box thank you to
anyone who sends me stuff in my PO Box
it's so sweet and sending me this like I
feel so spoiled because I always
like beauty gurus get all this amazing
makeup and I've never gotten sent like
beauty products from anyone other than
Benefit Cosmetics has sent me brow stuff
and then my friend works for tarte so
once he sent me something but this is
like I feel so spoiled and I used it
today my eyes are a mess now but they
were really pretty earlier and I'm gonna
tell you sometime gonna admit something
I shouldn't admit but I licked my finger
to like make it like the the pink really
pigmented so earlier it was like bright
pink cuz if you get it wet and then put
it on then it like is stronger so I did
that but I licked it so I know that's
really like gross but I did and it
straight-up tastes like chocolate like I
wasn't expecting that at all like I
licked my finger to dip it in the
palette and then lick my finger again
and I was like hmm like straight up this
is chocolate I am Chuck and also this
palettes amazing so I put this makeup on
probably like 12 hours ago and it looks
terrible but like it still looks kind of
okay very impressed love this thank you
so much anyway I'm gonna go to bed I
think I'm gonna post this I'm not gonna
edit it really scary for me but um did I
just say I'm going to bed because that
was a lie I'm definitely staying up and
working more so now going to bed I have
a bunch of work to do so but that's been
my life so you know I was vlogging every
day it's really weird to not vlogging
every single day now but my life right
now is Lou just working on this thing
I'm working on and I say up to like four
or five in the morning every single
night working on it so that's been my
life not very entertaining to vlog but I
miss you guys can't wait to start
vlogging everyday again I'm going on
tour this weekend to Tampa and Atlanta
and I'm bringing Frankie grande and
quarry and I'll be vlogging that whole
trip so you guys will see me there but I
love you let me know if you're cool with
this vlog that's like not edited or if
it was like super weird for you and you
hated it
because I might try to do it again cuz
it's easy for me I don't have to do any
editing alright love you guys and I'll
see you next time
