Rodney pouring embrace enough time for
rodents good morning good morning so I'm
home from Santa Barbara I hate so much
fun yesterday oh my gosh it was so fun
to view family and friends like my heart
is so full it truly is like my favorite
thing in the entire world to just be
with my family
no I just I hope everyone has something
like that I hope everyone in the world
has a group of friends or family or
supporters even its people online like
your internet friends or whatever I hope
everyone has something like that that
like fills your heart with happiness and
joy and I'm just so happy I don't know I
just think it's it's so great to have
people surrounding you who are good
people and wonderful people and loving
people that can support you and love on
you and make you happy because man I
feel good and it reminds me of how sad I
like it's like no wonder I'm so sad in
Canada like I love it up there and I
love my show and while we're shooting
the show I'm so happy cuz I have all my
friends in the show there but like
during post-production it's so lonely
and I miss my family so much it's like
no wonder I'm so sad every day up there
like when I'm by myself like it's hard
to stay positive it's hard to stay happy
because I'm lonely and it's so it's
really nice to be able to come home and
see everyone I'm just so ready to be
home but I want the show to be good
anyway I just talk sometimes but I'm
going back to Canada in a few hours but
I need to film a video so I'm about to
get inside of that bear I don't know how
this is going to be I feel like it's
gonna be a huge mess I'm gonna try it so
here we go
ridiculous
I just got inside the bear misses the
leftovers the video will probably
already be out by the time the clog goes
up but there's so much cotton in my
mouth it's crazy
I've got to go pack it get ready to go
back to Canada
back in chief I'm happy to be here to do
my show the Duggar water I really want
to like being there for five days is
like so
oh it spoiled me and it made me so happy
to be there but anyway I'm heading to
work in a minute
I didn't clog much as a travel day so
I'm just going to make it a combines
laws of today one good thing I love it
I'm like stoked on is that I am only
here for today and tomorrow because our
editor go to a wedding
so he's been we've gone which means I
get to build home and very excited about
that
hey yeah just
enough time for rodents all right hi
guys so um it is 9:30 and the bright
welcome to Canada
yeah it was a long day at work we are
hustling I leave for LA again tomorrow
so excited it's just a quick little trip
up here and then I get to go back home
yeah I don't really have much report
crazy day work everybody no brakes tired
maybe I'll think of something fun to say
or do we're going to go back to my
apartment but for now I'm going to walk
home and make you watch a time-lapse
that you've seen four hundred I'm
Oh
Oh
Oh
