hi
so as you can see I did not do blue
eyeshadow today yellow Chinese I bought
every other one July and usually I put
blue eyeshadow all over my eyelids and
it looks approaches and then here I just
went with some simple browns but I got a
crazy red lips going today as I got some
crazy Prada bags floating around oh I'm
going to straighten my hair I'm not
making another photo right after I shoot
me I'm going to go on a train and I
would say oh yeah we kind of magical
thing random white stripe look at this
epic tie that Stephanie made you two
months everyone's like dying to eat it
and mom is making hard-boiled egg from a
chicken we got some corn long did you
make these
maybe these corn so now we're going to
go to the Elks Lodge and I'm very
excited the elk is where my grandpa used
to take us every single year and it's
like canonic eggy but it's really fun
we're at the Elephant Lodge and this is
my favorite place in the world what do
you think it's very different look
grandpa it is different without grandpa
not about grandpa but it's so cool I
think he's happy we're here
and if there's a little girl wearing a
dress that I wore when I tried on little
girl closer Marcus so are we back out
alive and grandmas gay lady you should
we go to Grandma's house yes you want a
good tattoo
Oh
Oh
Oh
hey happy foursome I would be Fenian
four trillion years and it's very
exciting for me so we're a pellicle edge
when I was a kid it was fun like you run
around play games and I'm like what do
what are you talking about and we've
never felt fun okay
I'm like it was never fun you're like
it's not fun there is bingo which we're
totally gonna do I wanted to play needle
and we got turned away at the door
this is like we didn't cover pen we got
turned away because it was all like
bingos happened today so that did not
work out he played any friggin scrapple
yet arrested again that's it
I'm shocked all of the prizes like super
James I'm actually regret it's like a
magical torturing so light yet oh my
gosh I only cried I think I'm like the
best prize I promised my mom I'd like
the Rosary is but I don't have to do
myself yes we got some pull tab we're
going to see it really we're going to
win did you win I got an event race on a
slide alright but looking round like
kind of time period they're coming here
Oh holders did you win look go get you
want it if yours would you win or not
I want seven dollars and a ring
oh my gosh my twin is here and she's
having a baby you're just literally good
Amy and we've always looked very similar
when we're looking to exactly know what
it is somehow we look the same sometimes
it's crazy is so many people kids
running around me I'm so happy I'm like
the happiest I've ever been because all
my family's here and my friends I'm so
excited
here I'd understand what what's that
already is here whistle tongue that's
good
now there's CSV I've set up it appears
in a weird way Jacob now a millionaire
listen one for me everyone on three one
two three oh yeah keep smiling every and
the record I'm not yet
Oh family my cousin I guess you know in
my cousin we finish no dinner it was
delicious I've been hanging out having a
good time there's been a lot of frisky
things run around children almost dying
now we're going to go to the beach and
try to secure a spot for the fireworks
I knew the trash can make you feel real
awkward is the idea right yeah we were
traffic everyone else feel awkward okay
so the first we made a pit stop at my
old high school because I am on a mural
here that has been graffiti'd and I
really wanted to see it in person so
that's why we're here
Rachel's furious at me because I kind of
logging which she wanted to start blog I
found out I didn't see that I'm aware
that I can be actually mad at you just
in general
so we have this huge spot understand
that Hyderabad Haneda but the next week
I'm coming home and John and Ron and
todrick and Cory are all hanging at my
house which means Johnny and for Gaiman
and my cat which means I'm gonna be the
happiest person ever lived and he just
grabbed my boob and I'm so happy and I
love for the July and if the Ryman isn't
here I'm chewing John has gone with her
the are key to the Sam were you just yes
I'm John Adair the year of I mrs. bry
McNish was here yeah it was actually it
was Santa Barbara Got Talent I think is
what was happening so it's a quite a
variety show
yes but the Ryman this was part of it
absolutely I think he was the host and
it was when he went scoops introducing
cutie to do have a hater you can sell
them oopsie-doopsie
dude I was like yeah that will work I'm
so much hating on me I'll just say that
that will make a hitter he's not making
or not I'm not mad at ska music I know
what is it what I listed you - I don't
know
oh my god starting soon and I'm very
disappointed the rymus is not here this
year I am doing the barbers are starting
to symonenko soul awake honey
you
you
you
I'd like the fireworks
I love the fireworks it's classic my
favorite were the ones that go come now
and I like those too yeah that's a group
we're bout to into the tunnel of doom
ray chela is going home and she will not
be enjoying about American right an
American Oh lovely oh I'm over it huh
wait all right good night I'm gonna make
some s'mores I'm gonna hang out with my
cousin and my daddy and my best friend
I look tired fireworks are so much fun
dad's do you like them this year yeah
what's your favorite kind of firework
