Loreena Christmas is the highlight of my
career
hey everybody so last night was so fun
we just ended up hanging out and talking
like super late Gaby and Manny and Eric
and Tessa gory me anyway today we're
having a lazy day I have just been
working from home and relaxing and then
I'm going to Santa Barbara tomorrow
morning I'm very excited I was going to
go today there's just too much work to
do that I decided to wait until tomorrow
and I also think that today I'm going to
get inside of the purple teddy bear that
one of you guys gave me a my last show
Wow I show you he putting Gus on it but
he doesn't like it so this is a big
purple teddy bear and it's amazing and
it's super cozy and it's been like a
wonderful treat to have at the house but
I feel like it's time to get inside of
it so I kind of feel like I want to cut
it open and get inside like run around
scare people in it and like I really
want to do it I know I think I can
hug it he's not like this
good he laughs no he hates it oh my god
bad it's ok guess it just teddy bear you
like the teddy bear go what do you think
about that yeah he's chillin ok my mind
you're about to see the most beautiful
thing you've ever seen in your life
so Tigers here and you brought Bob the
drag queen who I am a huge fan of and
also my lens is really blurry so foggy
so hold on my professional internet
person Roger just said remember that
time when we used to always I used to
lift you and I was like no and then he
did she takes me up out of nowhere and
now I guess you're doing it's about yeah
I'm going to do it to you first okay I'm
going to do it about money I always do
when we cover you but which is like
together into up an air okay one to stir
it up is nothing okay I've never done
somebody of this magnitude the way that
we managed to done it like sane but you
know I can't drop a winner oh my
goodness okay
so it is like 115 in the morning
originally I had planned to go to Santa
Barbara today to get ready for 4th of
July but I woke up I was like man I
haven't had a day to just like sit and
chill and like be a person who just like
sits in their own home and like has
moments of themselves and like I don't
know that sounds really hippy which is
going at me and usually I'm not that
type of person but today I was like how
when I kind of just be by myself and
sound like such a hippie but it was so
nice to just like chill today I miss my
family and now I'm even more excited to
see them tomorrow something really funny
happened today the hats tell you guys
about so my high school they have this
mural of people who have graduated from
my high school and then moved on to do
like bigger things or whatever I don't
know but somehow they thought that it
would be cool to put me on this mural
which I'm very honored and flattered the
painting of me I don't know that it
looks that much like me
it was just put up like a couple weeks
ago and it already has been tagged like
people have already put graffiti all
over it I was zero offended or hurt or
sad I would just laughed like I could
not stop laughing when I saw it and like
my friend Kristina text me was like oh
my god someone graffitied on your face
and then I'm about to take a picture of
it and send it to me it makes me sad
that
someone's hard work who had painted that
like their hard work was disrespected by
someone who's rude enough to do that
however to have your face graffiti it on
a wall I would like I have made it this
is the highlight of my career
anyway I'm in a good bed and sorry this
blog was not very entertaining it was
really nice to meet Bob I'm a huge fan
of bobbin todrick was hanging out with
him so we invited him over and he's so
sweet and so wise I guess I'm going to
bed
and I'll see you tomorrow fourth of July
one of my favorite holidays
Oh
