Korena brain we're gonna have taco night
tonight I'm so excited
hey morning what it's like to live with
Audrey come out for math okay every day
while it's melting like a fluffy person
help me get into it now what are you
doing today taja clearly brushing up on
my arias and it seems all the animals in
your neighborhood sorry Sonny watts of
service today and you saw you walking up
here on your buckets like Mike's going
to dialog by myself although all of you
like neighbors are like looking at the
really crazy black man singing super for
him you know
hi guys um so today I'm going to go have
lunch with clothes elves will see with
tapings and they resented to be in
California and not get it up I love
Canada no Vincent Kennedy Kennedy okay I
mean it lunch with glozell was super fun
I didn't film I'm getting worse and
worse at being a vlogger just cause like
I don't know when I hang up my friends
now my just hang out with them and I
don't film any of it but I need to learn
to get better at that I guess I should
not have white sheets on my bed because
I am the dirtiest person in the world
and look how dirty like that is dirt
it's like wall to makeup because I do my
makeup in bed so like the bronzer and
stuff like gets sixteens
but look at dis little glowy so sweet
he's mean such a cuddle bug ever since
we got home that's how he usually sleeps
what oh we're know Gaby is coming over
in a little bit to hang out and film and
talk and I'm so excited and then Manny
is specific and what were later tonight
to film as well then I get to go see my
family and I'm really clean it and I'm
like trying to get a bunch of friends to
come up for 4th of July this year so it
won't just be a family this year I'm
trying to make it like a bigger fun
party so we'll see if anyone else wants
to come very excited
oh my god that's so bad and with that
little giggle is man my god girl wipe
your lens ah
if the filter makes you leave a skirt
like a flower crown for sure um so we're
going to have taco night tonight I'm so
excited so invite a bunch of people over
healthy tacos
well kinda I mean you can't make them
unhealthy but there's like a healthier
veggie version and then interpreter
conversion yeah so gonna be good
since we're in a while where I have not
showered in three days
oh you're by half not my my body okay
it's been two and half days
I have to shower every day because I
work out every day oh me too
there's one of the show the set up
because all Colleen stuff is in Canada
so this is the silver jewellery let's be
real even if all my stuff was here I
would visit this way Gabi is my
girlfriend I've just decided because I
have been chasing probably half a day oh
no oh when I am centered oh she's just
one of those ideas I didn't know I love
it you just like grabs my way step she
was really good I don't
I'm having taco night and Manny's here
Gabi and Eric and Cory - plenty of food
and Tigers coming over and I'm so
excited it weird having like my worlds
collide hand back off and YouTube in
Hawaiian items and this is crazy to me
what was the trash right here how does
that go very good I have these really
organic healthy GS beyond organic their
white corn and you see they're very
healthy he brought them made me feel
better about it
I am the flour tortillas I did not
easily be one flowers for kids or that I
need to see one forgiven no but at some
ranges you're right
have you ever visited butter because I
have this is my Cory's my soul mate
because then we have macaroni Jesus dude
I'm okay see I'm not crazy
coin are the same
