I'm Lori Embry called a cartwheel oh and
good morning good morning I'm so happy
to be back in LA I'm so happy I'm in my
office and I'm editing right now it's so
weird how like in Canada I love it there
so happy to do season 2 but you guys
know I missed my family and so in Canada
though I feel like it's really hard for
me to get motivated to do YouTube videos
and to work on the YouTube stuff because
I'm so tired from doing you know editing
for the show and stuff but when I'm home
like when I'm in my office like a look
around me like how could I not be
inspired to like make a video right now
in this crazy room like I and it's like
my little corner and it's like pretty
and wide over here and then the crazy
Moran world and it just so makes me so
happy but on my wall over here for the
last year there has been posted notes
everywhere about season 2 of haters back
off like different ideas before we got
picked up for the show I covered my wall
and post-it notes and I need to take it
down because she's already written so I
don't need stuff anymore but I want to
show you guys some of the stuff that put
up as not going and season 2 so there's
no spoilers but I want to show you what
we had in mind for season 2 so this is
what it looks like hopefully it's all
out of focus right now the one of the
things i do is i print out old videos
since the show takes place and ran to
first started doing stuff we print out
old videos and like try to figure out
what episodes they had going because
each episode started video so i printed
out all these old videos oh my god i'm
taking down write down different things
that have happened to me in my career
like actual things that have happened to
me and i write them all down and I put
it all on the wall and I try to organize
it and put it in different stories so
this is something that happened I
performed back in the day when I was
trained to perform anywhere I performed
at a bingo hall and it was just like no
one was there like it's just some old
ladies and it was super weird and
awkward and so I wrote that down is like
an option we didn't use it yeah so this
whole wall is filled with some stories
that we did use stories those didn't use
but now I'm going to take them all down
look at my new roommate oh I'm so
excited
that's what I was going to thank for
weekend another thing for a couple
months
good there forever we want to I should
I've no problem with that I love it last
night was the best night ever
we set it on and watch like CBS
throwback Thursday why did we what I
scroll to the bottom of my Instagram
which we should follow because I have
like two followers
one of them's media my mom and then um I
was like looking at videos and pictures
of us when we used to hang out it in and
out and our crispy under and like sit on
the bed outside of Blockbuster and the
pictures are so terrible they literally
look like wreckit-ralph like whether you
get it until daddy is coming over soon
I'm so excited I've been such a big
Maddie Ziegler fan forever and I met her
a couple of times but I've never done
anything with her so I'm excited I don't
even really know what I'm gonna do yet
I'm trying to figure out plan and I
think it's merely fun so I'm simply
excited she's about to be here that was
super fun Maddie just left video the
Briner he was going to go on Monday I
didn't vlog with her but there are some
bloopers from shooting with her of us
laughing so I'll put that in right now I
love it I called apart
she was super sweet really fun and now I
put make it back on my eyeballs no no
you're stoked to be home dollars really
fun have nothing in the exciting to say
goodbye okay I was about to pop McLean's
burger and then came in and is like Oh
fangirling over I'm so excited to be in
here feel like this is so epic like this
is a room where like Beyonce twins were
conceived okay
and I've never been so excited to have
my hand of glee whatever I'm just going
through everything's you have here
wanting to be here oh my god you're a
man the caliber expose it is okay it's
great for me because I always look dark
I want to make an app call me like that
I'm raises I'm not racist but all my
white friends think that they can give
me a filter they're like no you look
great as a picture and I literally with
the good camera which you can't see a
big black eye spell and so I love this
lighting because it's I look great for
once
Oh oh my god nice yes who didn't vlog
anymore yesterday wow it looks hard yeah
I went to a movie with todrick and Korey
and it was really fun and I just didn't
vlog I was like hanging out so after
finished filming with Maddie I just
edited and did work and hung out at the
house and relax and play with Gus and
talk with Corey and talk with todrick
and I went to the movie and like just
enjoying being with my friends and um
yeah it was really good so I love you
guys and I'll see you tomorrow
Oh
