I'm pretty credible oh my god that's
amazing geniuses good morning so this
morning I woke up really early I could
not sleep I couldn't both be busting
eggs I was so excited that I'm going
home I'm like freaking out okay so I
facetimed with my family a little bit
family
q bar P yeah my apartment in Canada oh
no oh you come bring me to I understand
Junkin I feel the same way but this is
them and then look I'm pacing like I'm
so excited and superfruits
ep2 c'mon I think they're like literally
the most talented humans on planet Earth
so I'm going to watch their do music but
yeah I'm going to react to it real
though oh my god this is so good oh my
god this is so everything
I
so good this is like the new sound like
this is not like anything I've heard and
it's so new like this is so Solange
music video inspired for sure it's like
brighter but like it reminds me of salon
teez video this is so good I love this
what I'm Bob oh my god new copy dance
coming to this is incredible why I'm
okay DIY okay oh my god everything love
incredible oh my god that's amazing
genius is so good I'm so stoked
Oh everyone go buy their EP you right
now it's so good okay I'm gonna go to
work and then I'm in the airport so
you'll get oh my girl at the airport and
a whole day was full of I think I didn't
haha hey guys I'm in my office and look
who I'm with my little best friend and
it was best friend in the whole world
sorry about it so yeah last night I got
home and I didn't vlog I was past like
midnight but todrick is here and todrick
is staying with me for a little bit I
was Ristaino like excuse you
he doesn't opposed to stay so I was like
just come live with me so he's gonna
come with me and stay with me for a
while and I'm so happy and Gus is so
happy I missed you guys could you come
see you that back he didn't at least eat
you at that ask them you haven't here
but he's been following me around all
day he missed me like he literally
follows me around and acts like he
doesn't care when I loved but
like lays down right next to me like if
I stood up right now and walked into the
hall he'd walk over there and lay down
like he just went for your own man it's
okay I'll see you guys tomorrow tomorrow
I'm clubbing with Maddie and todrick and
yeah it's gonna be a good day
so I love you guys and I'm so happy to
be home like I am gonna have a permanent
smile on my face until the boards of
July
