please look at the Mary Costello Valerie
whoa I didn't really tell Josie I looked
friend editing room and I usually don't
even log inside the editing room because
we're too busy working but I wanted to
show you guys this chocolate that one of
the guys who works here guys like in
charge of everything always brings me
delicious chocolates like every day he
brings in chocolate and today it's like
super cool so it looks like this and
then the thing that it's sitting on is
chocolate like on a chocolate slate
how's it going Anthony people have been
asking about you cousin I'll flog you
anymore it's going good has it been
working with me um it's been positive
like you liar liar pants on fire
today it's not here today or tomorrow so
I'm really bummed out but anyway we need
you best editing episode four go I just
got home and it's beautiful and bright
outside so merry kids all over that were
you just there during my livestream
someone said what's the first thing you
do when you get home and the answer is I
take off my freaking pants I hate
wearing pants
I never repay us like literally the
first thing I do when I come home is
just rip them off clearly as you can see
I literally got home one second ago and
I'm not wearing pants I need to do
laundry because tomorrow I go home so
I'm literally going from the office to
the airport I wonder how many of y'all
do that to like and also my shades are
open and anyone can just see you but
like sometimes you just don't want a lot
pain well damn she's got a beach okay I
just got out of the shower which is what
I look like absolutely trashed I want to
do like a poor strip on my nose because
they're fun let's be real but I don't
have any poor strips so I looks at how
to make one and apparently can make one
by dipping paper towel in egg yolk and
so are a quite some of our egg whites so
I have a paper towel it's looking at egg
whites I'm going to try to get it on the
notes and you let it dry and then
apparently it's like a homemade thing
supposed to dry I mean I like gonna
happen which stinks so that I just
cannot be good for your nose okay there
she is
on my nose I literally have a go ba
manager now I'm gonna try and try to get
off the gross human so that I could his
wrongful Caesar work so probably one I'm
so weird what am i doing okay all so
it's really crusty and disgusting I'm
gonna try to take it off and see if it
does anything I feel like it's just
going to rip off skin and like it's just
expecting anything it's literally not
doing anything okay that literally did
nothing that was a bus like the pores
are still like exploding off it did
nothing could just dumped egg yolk over
microphone nothing all right I'm going
to bed it's midnight tomorrow I get to
fly home so excited so I have a full day
of work tomorrow I still to pack tonight
I'll be home with like one the mornings
I'm so much a cloud slam this weekend
I'm just so happy right other guys and I
will see you
Oh
