I'm glorianne 3 so I'm gonna cut it open
and see it looks like on the inside
I just finished work and I did my
eyeshadows lipstick and blush so that's
where math day I wanted to do my
eyeshadow at work and I realize didn't
have an eyeshadow palette so we just do
lip gloss and blush so that's why I look
like I just got punched in the face
Christopher it's not here anymore my
brother was here for a couple days
poking at it not gone back to little old
me and I'm walking home and that's what
our lot today just like talking to you
guys notice there's been a lot more
drama
I swear lately feel like so many people
come to the Internet including myself to
get away from the drama and the sad
thing in our real life so we go online
to find friends and Happiness to kind of
escape from the real life core that we
might be experiencing bums me out when
our own little community of you guys and
me go online and there's like it just
people not being nice like I was sure
was just be nice but get along and I
know that's not realistic and that's a
crazy thing to wish but like I just do
wish that I wish that all of us were
just like best friends tonight so do me
a favor and go online right now and
tweet something funny or nice to someone
else because lately I've just seen a lot
of bad drama just makes me sad including
I saw a lot of you guys I'm totally
talking about I guess a youtuber made a
video saying that like talking about me
and some other youtuber is saying I'm
like washed-up or something which I
didn't watch the video because I was
working all day on Team 2 I want to say
like I appreciate whenever you guys
pick up for me in general when there's
drama or people say anything but I
always encourage you to do is kindness
and there's one thing when you're
talking to me or to anybody else if you
don't like something that someone is
that are done you know it cannot be said
that here are the reasons why and not
like bash another person because yeah I
just think we should always try to stay
kind no matter what the situation is you
know what another person is going
through I know that's not me saying like
oh don't defend the people that you love
if they're being attacked or hurt but
there's a way to do it that's kind
I just encourage you guys to do that and
yeah there's just too many people around
and I feel really awkward talking to
camera she's wearing seven blocks right
here for more it is Wednesday
which means I'll be up to where days
then I get the goal and I get to see Gus
and I can see my family
- like my hair girl okay I just got home
look at I found this one of the
directors of my show Brian he gave me a
bunch of like pictures of people in the
cast and crew a paid his back off and so
I just opened it the data like look
through what they were and one of them
was a Steve little so I put it on my
headboard because I love him so much and
he is so amazing and that picture is so
good but I'm about to film a video but
before I do I wanted to cut open my
Beauty Blender because as you guys know
I don't really make up brushes I do use
a Beauty Blender but I'm really bad
about washing my makeup brushes my view
blender everything so this I've been
using for probably two months have not
washed it once which is so gross and it
smells horrible so I'm gonna cut it open
and see it looks like on the inside now
I don't think this will happen but I've
seen a lot of people talk about how
there's like bugs inside of these I
don't happen but I'm still excited to
see okay I can't believe that is the
color the Beauty Blender was and now
it's that color it's pretty clean on the
inside actually it gets to do my makeup
with the inside part so that outside is
pretty disgusting clean your
Beautyblender ladies because that's the
color I started as and this is what I
was putting on my face every day and
that's disgusting
okay I'm gonna film a video now right so
I just filmed two videos for my favorite
Spanish Channel and I did a livestream
which is really fun I'm actually super
impressed by the way that my eyeshadow
is lasting this long like considering
it's blush and lip gloss yeah I need to
get to bed cuz it's midnight and I've
worked in the morning with a big day
tomorrow and but I filmed in my Marana
room which is also Gus's room which made
me miss him so much
a lot of you were commenting on how like
I did never finish my story about Gus in
my blog the other day so Gus is not up
here with me right now in Canada because
he gets really bad anxiety on the plane
and I'm flying back and forth a lot in
the next three weeks to LA so I didn't
want to make him endure that but also
just way happier in California while I'm
flying up and forth a lot I'm going to
keep them there but once I'm up here for
a while so in a few weeks I'll be in
Vancouver and I won't be able to go home
a lot and that's what I'll probably
bring them back up so that's why that's
in here but I'm going to go to bed so
this vlog with short and pointless but I
love you guys I'm going to eat some
fruit I'm going to go to bed now
