Rami Khouri humbly I do not remember
buying Shh
we found a rat and Christopher's trying
to film I did you did it run away Oh
gross
a huge rat just came back oh there was
another one oh my god why there's so
many Brad what the heck Vancouver I
didn't plug anything today
it was a long day again it's like 9:45
and we're trying to get to mr. ice cream
we were not done in the editing room but
I was like Christopher Vancouver I don't
know if he's coming back so I need to
get him to mr. ice cream and it closes
at 10:00 because my favorite ice cream
place so so we're out with the rep we're
out with the rat yeah mr. snore my
favorite does it refer to
I'm so excited to take a bite I'm like
dying okay guys so I just got home we
had mr. Christopher what did he think
was amazing and I could watch them make
ice cream for hours yeah it's super cool
to watch that's like part of the reason
I love it is be like experience of
watching them make the ice cream so cool
but okay as you guys know some of you
know I ordered a bunch of clothes for
VidCon I was like I was like I'm on the
queue for VidCon I'm gonna buy a bunch
of stuff and I was going to buy clothes
from like Urban Outfitters and hmm like
all these places and I ended up one
night certain shop and I bought it much
so from forever 21 and develop late so I
only got them for over 21 but didn't get
here before VidCon and so I went to
VidCon and just like wore whatever I
could throw together for my closet stuff
so like I hadn't worn in a while so out
Krusty at VidCon but now I just call
this stuff and oh my god clearly I
father stuff when I was half asleep
because I don't remember producing okay
so first of all I had like sandals cuz I
just like desperately needed new samples
so I got like ugly leg samples so when
we do kind of a haul right now this
stuff I was going to take to VidCon and
thank the lord I feel like God was
watching over me and was like I'm not
letting her wear the stuff to VidCon so
I guess I didn't get it because I just
I'm so confused why would he pick I do
not remember buying Shh oh these are
secrets on them what are they thinking
these are awful
oh they're all so huge I genuinely do
not remember buying these oh my god now
I'm curious or else I bought because
there's a Sahana
okay these look like I mean I'm assuming
these are Justine yeah okay they're just
ripped jeans you look a little more
normal
I will try these on hopefully they're
cute but I have doubts are gonna fit me
because they're too big this is a romper
that has watermelons on it and bananas
so this is actually kind of cute it's
like fruit
oh this is fun this is like a little top
this is kind of cute actually so this is
another rapper
because I love rompers why's the crotch
so saggy it's got a little like typing
in here this kind of cute is like a nice
screen
colors I don't know just a crop top
which obviously does know I wear just
crop tops and I was being ten rappers
it's the only thing ever where my life
okay again another purchase that I
should not have made white shorts
overall this is why Rachel makes fun of
me that I shop in the middle tonight
when I'm like half asleep and tired and
just like that's when I shop and it's so
dangerous because I buy things I think
don't remember buying them and this is
just the like one-piece thingy which
I've been wearing a lot of lately so
hopefully this piece got a low back ever
makes money for shopping up over 21 but
it's cheap this is another one piece
it's like a tank top one piece like
baggy it says Colorado don't remember
buying this don't know why I want this
I like Colorado have nothing against it
but like why did I buy a tank top is
this Colorado that's a really high night
which is so not me
but he's diseased this is like a dress
thing when would I ever wear that is
also too big smells really strange oh
yeah it's like a shirt with like a
little arm singing this one's cute I
like this one a lot I'd wear this now
the pair of jeans
why should person oh wait these are
overall these are cuter
I like these the white ones were like
weird so I know these look kind of cute
but overalls have always looked really
weird on me so I why I bought all this
stuff don't let me shop in the middle
tonight and thank you baby Jesus for
watching out for me and not letting me
get it before VidCon because then I
would have worn some was a stupid
comment that would've been really bad
news
