I'm Laurie member when we got home
Beckman
it's so different this year than last
year is my Harry I swear my eyes getting
shorter guy pretty is very hot here yeah
I suddenly is shrinking we chopped it
all off the show and my hair has always
been a decorator it just doesn't grow
because I've really curly coarse hair
yeah it just won't grow I feel like it's
shrinking which is about because I love
long hair I've been looking at pictures
of myself from when my hair was like
super long and I'm so happy I missed so
much this time around feels so bizarre
like last year sorry guys you're really
ugly I need to do my hair cuz I gotta
work I mean being at VidCon in me like I
don't know it was maybe so happy to be
around my family and all my friends last
time I was up here they were still
people from the cast here like Stephen
Eric we're here for a while now I'd only
gone and it's just like I don't know I
don't understand like I'm complaining
again plays it I'm happy to be here I
just like I shouldn't go home I'm
homesick I've been here for three months
and it was such a tease to go home for
VidCon because I got to like see my
family and friends and be reminded of
how awesome everyone is and how happy I
am when I'm home and it was just hard to
come back but again I don't want to
sound like I'm complaining I'm just a
human who like just homesick and you
know I wouldn't have it any other way
I'm very grateful they're letting me be
in the editing room I just yeah I better
go to work I love you guys see wicked
today look who it is wicked and he got
bigger yet so much bigger in one week
he's huge he's still a cutest though
sorry blaze you got competition
look who's here if design Christopher
came to Vancouver I'm so happy I'm so
excited but he's here I've been drowning
in work and so to have him up here
helping with his genius brain is so
awesome alright back that he left his
four trillion children at home with his
wife I miss my kids so bad but I will
pay that I was crying today from up in
yeah
like weeping it was funny we're taking a
lot home because Cory and I accidentally
left our car keys in Los Angeles I loved
them in gusted carrying cases I was like
you know this is a good place but he
would never leave got behind yeah what
did we do we left us behind because ok
this is the reason guys Gus is not with
me I didn't explain with yet Gus did not
come with me back in Canada because I am
going back to LA this weekend and he
does not like to fly when we got home oh
my god Juden bag that was my mom it was
a mom a very soft little moth blew up
and gave a little butter fired me I
hated it anyway I'm like book y'all
somebody wings right I'm going to take
Christopher to his hotel and then I'm
going to edit and go to bed as your work
tomorrow and I'm so crazy it's like
editing you really have no life except
for editing when you're doing this like
split our post-production is so crazy
cuz get to the editing room in the
morning and you get home super late and
you literally have time to like take a
shower and go to bed and then wake up do
it again so pretty brutal I'm already
looking forward to the weekend
