Rachel Excel managed one page somebody
won't say goodbye hey everyone so I am
at the Theatre in Anaheim I have a show
tonight I'm so excited I just met a
bunch of you outside you all came so
early like eight hours early and you're
waiting in the Sun you gave me all these
cue presents look how cute this backpack
is I am just freaking out adorable and
look what happens you take these off and
it's like saying hello it's full of all
these treats I got this backpack and I
got sunflowers and I got this cute
sunflower romper which is adorable
they got levain cookies and flowers
chocolate-covered strawberries over here
there I'm so excited you guys spoil me
rotten and I'm so excited so thank you
so much for coming early and giving me
presents and you guys make me so happy
so I'm about to do sound check but I'm
so excited because okay guys remember a
million years ago what I did the purple
heart friendship video I said I was
going to fly out to people to friends to
meet each other to this show well I did
and they're here so I am obsessed with
the fact that a lot of you become
friends online because of watching my
videos or anyone's videos on the
internet
and I love seeing students meaning for
the first time in person and meeting
your best friends so I read a bunch of
different story turn you guys and I
picked a couple girls to meet here in my
show in Anaheim and I named her Dasha
and deshante and then also sweetest girl
in the universe
Ella she's just the sweetest they're all
here and I'm really really excited look
who it is
Eric Stockland amicus Tompkins yeah
we're cover to show Eric's here that's
my agent but you never get to see his
face I'm going to blur it out because
Rachel's here and Heather is coming
rickey dillion might come my family's
coming so everyone's on their way my
cousin wasn't coming it's like a party I
love doing shows in California because
like all my friends can come well yeah
I've never really played any little
cuddle cup I know Eve little was
supposed to come and he bailed last
minute so Eric's here solo here's the
stage and the theatre I've done shows
here a couple times before so I'm
excited to do another one
okay guys Dasha and deshante are here
okay so they've finally met in person
for the first time it's crazy so their
story their purple heart printed story I
saw more than any other one under
president I would check the hashtag for
heart friendship every day for like
months it took me forever to pick
someone and finally I was like I cannot
get him have a choice like it has to be
the two of you because they tweeted it
the most to me you guys are best friends
it's creepy Emma where you from from
England she flew from Birmingham England
all the way to Los Angeles so she's
probably exhausted okay so I'm bringing
it backstage we go and we'll hang out
for a minute and then I have to get
ready but you'll be at the Mean Green
yeah that's the other beautiful friend
of mine that I finally got to me and I'm
so excited you're here
your friends are so cute alright so
we're going to hang out and then do QA
and look who else is here Heather in
Andrew and Stephanie and Eric Stockland
and Trent and Glen bounder and Tim
bounder and Rachel ballinger hello I'm
excited I am about to put on the
lipstick but it's broken ass so I can't
put it on so say hi
okay the beam was really fun and
everyone's here and the craziness and
I'm so excited and I'm like someone say
an original Oh tell me who's one page
summary one thing bye
we just finished the show how was it
Parker yeah they can't feel how was it
hey Jeff on one what did you do
horrendous day Oh like you ollie and
slice just for fun doing try one here
oh you dude I know it man
can I do goodbye alright okay so many
vows it has you I think everyone's
waiting outside and they say hi thanks
for watching siren close out yesterday I
was having too much fun talking all of
you guys for a million I love you
by travelpod member
