please oh god my logs I gotta go good
morning everyone
so I'm going to VidCon today I'm so
excited but I'm filming random videos
this morning before we drive to VidCon
really me in 45 minutes I have new
impact on my options obsessing me right
now following me everywhere it's the
cutest thing in the world and I'm just
obsessed with the world that's better
you're still asleep they're performing
tonight with todrick Hall he has me to
perform glozell Jojo I think Jason
Derulo's in the performance tonight I
don't know so I'm really excited to go
to VidCon and it's right I've never gone
this early usually going like Thursday
or Friday so I'm going on Wednesday this
time which is great thanks alright so we
made it to Anaheim and we are going to
rehearsal right now to in turn right
into singing CR later so but we've made
it I thought they said seventh one
then I'm going to do a climb with grace
van der waals asleep
oh god relax I gotta go wearing his own
no say what his own saying that you're
trying me hi everyone had forgotten to
perform just thinking Sun up and I said
can you come in and drop in just do this
like little skit and then she was like
Astro and I was like so we're going to
have 40 dancers and their cat and his
choreography and you have to learn early
remember in the rap and I was like and
she was like so then she called me and
she was like I love you but you tried me
basically frickin you're having me do a
full probably will you make an
appearance and then all funny like
you're the lyrics to your crowd becomes
Rihanna or lays out some trash Judy's
going I was like it's not an appearance
okay this is like the most you ever bone
I know I know you know talking if your
clothes are just in her hair anyway goes
you always played or what do you call it
play that works okay
anyhow I just have you have no idea
oh my gosh it's already crazy and it
will have been here a few hours trying
to get a little confusing and I just I
don't know and I get really stressed a
VidCon but anyway I'm supposed to collab
with grace
ten minutes ago so hopefully I will find
her again and we will clap and I know
we're doing everything to mess and then
I'm performed tonight but we just got
this box Calvin freakin Klein
oh my god
clean welcome to VidCon hope you enjoy
summer with Helen Christ gene come with
an underwear summer goodies always keep
it real in your calves and be sure to
stop by our suite to say hello team
Calvin Klein so cute ding oh my god I'm
gonna try the bottom floors love it
ok I just tried on a short these other
Shores this fashion I don't know ashna's
I think they're a little big but maybe
that fashion I don't know cuz I've been
wearing the same outfit for like seven
years me this looks like something my
mom wore back in the days I'm like is
this what people wear now ok I'm going
to try on the pants okay here the pants
something it chopped up early earlier
than I would think to wear and they go
lower than usual don't look at my tummy
is that cute right I don't know what is
fashion I don't know anything about
fashion
okay well then should we do the same
thing for both systems us reacting to it
and then yeah and then like boys lesson
enjoy I said yes and then Oh
that was super fun grace is super sweet
about awesome and now we are going to go
perform on the main stage to open up
VidCon I'm so excited in my performance
its opening up the show and it's todrick
glozell Jojo me and like all these
backup dancers it's super exciting so
hopefully filler will be footage of it
somewhere that I could show you guys but
I don't know this vlogs probably so long
okay guys so guess who's the bestest you
forever and forgot they're walking today
on this one ad vid gone
don't have my blog cameras I'm using my
phone so you're welcome her really good
she keeps Larry hooded Shorty our vlog
cameras battery so that's good even our
hospice batteries he is here but
everyone's here we're about to do a mean
green a family a Ballinger family angry
which we've never done I was outside and
is it a one-year but unofficially
remember that you are yeah and you we
did it one yeah car Davin like
advertises that I was commanded this one
is like sub challenger in green it was
like me Rachel Justice Cory Christopher
Duncan are all going to be there I wish
the kids could be here we can get some
happiness but I'm super excited I wish
my family like the whole family house my
time got like literally my parents
everyone so anyway we're doing a
volunteer increase and I'm really
excited okay we're about to go out to go
out I can hear them gaggling yeah ready
oh my gosh
sounds long camera it's 10:45 p.m.
didn't vlog it in this day so you're
welcome Christopher desk are here
Jessica this is Irving yes today was a
bunch of stuff that like wasn't very
entertaining to film here at VidCon
because I had them in greet which is
super fun and I was so excited to meet a
bunch of you guys but then I had like
meetings like like you just want to see
that so I didn't so many of that but I
did get to meet this awesome girl Maya
she's awesome she's a cancer survivor
and she wanted to meet me and so I got
to meet her and it was such an honor and
she's beautiful and amazing in hi my I
love you so much
and then like I just kind of took it
easy like we went to dinner
Christopher Cory Rach Jessica not Rachel
and Duncan and I went got dinner I'm so
old like ever goes to parties and I'm
like I'm tired
Wow sorry I didn't vlog today I stink
I'll try to vlog a lot more tomorrow
tomorrow I've got a panel and a QA be
really fun so tomorrow will be much more
interesting for you okay
day three of VidCon
and my last day of VidCon so now we're
going to mic you a great tool to opening
my QA and I was wearing a cat sweater
and I put on this outfit which is like
these leather jeans and we're chews and
a plain t-shirt no liquor with this and
course I'll drop my fat cat sweater you
are wearing
I have been watching these Queens like
they were fetuses like no we did not get
you okay fine you know you were easy I
know I remember I remember hi I'm not
kidding I bought your first summer white
t-shirt with this like oh no we were
original really original hey oh I
remember I remember the crews like
really happy
I forgot my blog camera again I'm the
word but women on it y'all make donut
and I'm so hungry this is my dinner and
I just put a bunch of chocolate on it
oh my god I'm walking around the
Convention Center and just from afar I
can see my brother getting slimed what
I'm talking about
it really got to me I will all right
you're not allowed VidCon is over it was
so much fun thanks for everyone tuku
came English not good English thank you
everyone who came oh my god why did
everyone who came to VidCon I love you
guys so much it was so much fun and I
can't wait for next year you guys are
amazing
my heart is so full and I'll see you
ah
