I'm Laurie number eight what did Duncan
just do to me he's all over you hey guys
welcome to a new day it is a billion
degrees in Los Angeles it's so hot I'm
so used to the Vancouver weather where
it's like rainy and cold and perfect but
I'm so excited I'm at the train station
right now and I'm taking a train to see
Bailey Jacob Parker and Duncan and my
brother and Jessica and then I'm taking
I'm getting back on the train and going
home to see my mom my dad and my cousins
and my brother so have you today full of
family which is like my favorite kind of
day you asked me what do you want to do
with your day any day of the week any
day of the year I will say I want to
hang out with my family like I'm I'm
freaking out I'm so excited so I'm
asking on the train I made it I'm so
excited and look how cute this book is
oh my goodness so sweet Oh brothers guys
are so cute I'm still your three
brothers ha ha ha ha
jeonggi jobs me papa what did Duncan
just do to me he's all over you yeah he
did I was holding him and he started he
just like made one little stuff he's
like yeah and so I picked him up and put
him on my shoulder and was just kind of
like holding him and he just like
vomited all the way down my side anyway
in my pocket it's pretty epic I was very
proud of him cuz he barked on you yet
he's never barked on you I'm the lucky
one here guys cuz he barked on you yet
Jessica yes in the last 10 minutes
it is Jessica's anniversary today with
Christopher did you see happy
Anniversary to your mom yet oh
hmm so since my romper has barfi pukey
on it Bailey let me borrow a romper so I
am quickly wearing a romper
that belongs to Bailey and I think it's
for one of you guys right some thank you
is some damn from Jamaica Jamaica so
thanks for saying this to Bailey because
it was a tad big on her which means it
sort of fits me but not really but it
works well this is drying off those
mommy milk Bailey and the kids have been
obsessed with singing Seussical the
musical lately which makes my heart so
happy because I was in that musical
three times and when Bailey was Duncan's
age I used to sing songs from Seussical
to her and she was like a month in our
month two months old like baby baby and
I will Duncan you're going to burn your
chef now Oh Parker just gave me coffee
shaking and I just let it spill on my
yellow sky on your rocker right mmm
delicious coffee
chocolate chocolate in my coffee I
pushed a chocolate but in you silly wait
how much does this cost fine one minute
here you go one minute for you know
white white wine dollar oh here's one
dollar for you thank you you're welcome
what a good barista what any do you want
any piano see oh yes I liked your piano
thing
I'm home I've been home for a while but
I haven't been vlogging anything I've
just been hanging out with the Soul
so Andrew and I have decided that we
want to make I don't even know what just
happened mother like daughter so much so
we're having a bonfire this Mike my
favorite thing that we'll do so we have
an idea we're going to make s'mores and
then I thought about mister which is my
favorite ice-cream place in Vancouver
and my favorite ice cream there is
s'mores what they do is they take dark
chocolate ice cream crush up graham
crackers and then they torch a
marshmallow on top and I was like wait a
minute why have we never made us more
and used ice cream because it's
incredible and we make some weird
combinations Andrews the king of like
weird combinations of food you don't I
just okay we're just talking about you
get random memories from weird things
and I just got a weird memory and now I
can't even remember it I was just
talking about because all I can think
about is how I threw my remember that I
don't remember why did I do that he's
like you have something in your mouth
and you like you did like a text or
something you like do you would like
that and it thought it was a hot dog why
did I spit it out I don't remember but I
was chewing something for my games also
I told seven half stories to this vlog
so much okay you have a what I was
eating something and I like to spit it
out and threw it behind me singing you
would govern the walk what I love so
hard I was crying it was specific on the
first book if I have longer than two
days look there for a while anyway
okay what was doing that oh this morning
No
so we we had my mom get ice cream
sandwiches we're going to try to make
EPIK more ice cream sandwich means the
ice cream sandwich and try to toast
marshmallows we should make it match we
should do like an epic 100 are you gonna
do a big reveal why is your best you us
oh bugger
you're all mugger oh my god oh my god
okay so this is totally not going to
work it's melting gram oh my god
this is incredible
look at this oh my god Andrew how is it
