I'm Laurie nombre so excited it all good
morning ladies and gentlemen so I am
working on a couple random fears one of
which is song they always takes along
the music videos I do like it takes me a
lot of record song and then to do the
montaging music video stuff so I think
I'm going to do it out and about on the
streets of Vancouver today which I have
not been out and about as Miranda in
probably years anyway so I'm trying to
step up my game a little bit with me to
videos so I'm putting a little bit more
effort into them and I'm having a lot of
fun putting a fire under my butt
remind me why I love this job anyway I'm
going to go get some brunch and some and
then fly home so excited at all the rain
came and so I couldn't smell my Miranda
video so now I'm packing because I
realized I did not do the job spec time
management today and I definitely oh I
remember I got that hat
look I bought this house the Flamingo on
it how cute I didn't remember buying
anyway should have left for the airport
15 minutes ago and I just did a bad job
like calculating in my head how much
time I would need so I thought like oh
wait for the rain to stop and I'll go
fill my Miranda video and now I'm like
wait I need to go the airport
immediately or I'm going to miss my
flight so now I'm like frantically
packing all my stuff for VidCon hi guys
I'm really sad news I bought a bunch of
clothes for VidCon like I got like all
this new stuff like all these cute
outfits and it didn't come so I ordered
it all in the mail and I became and so
now I don't have any cute outfits but I
do have a cute cat you need to go home
I'm going to go on an airplane because I
did my new favorite thing is looking at
Gus up through a glass table Jacobs is a
little funny to me
thanks for calling flattop and checker
camp when we return your calls
we found this about our reservation
which is available when in permitting
business wedding graduation an airport
service we have two outs end to end you
there on not want me to tell you whore
is testicle all right boy get out plane
don't just cooking on the plane I'm a
Los Angeles he's ready to get out
and similarly to job last night was go
to Canada his bark being sick and he was
like acting weird and breathing hard and
this time the beginning of like who's we
breathing really hard and like seem too
anxious then you would silence except
like petting him and he did all right
I think he's fine but I think he's
probably starving because he's he's
being like ten hundred times a day oh
boy
one out of there he something okay so I
have to take him out to hold him and
walk through this secure anything and I
was holding if I want to hear anything
and then the pink thing came through the
next time machine and the second he
thought to jump out of my arms and back
into it and then on the plane I have the
lid opens if you like you can come in
and out when everyone's he didn't come
out at all
one thing they took the tent outside
like picked him up we could look around
the plane and he literally just around
back interesting thing like you love
that thanks so much
okay
get around
what do you think
business
goodbye
Oh
