Loreena my gosh that's not a meme I
don't know what is I'm home so we had a
long day Saturday and it works and it
was a very long day at work we thought
it was gonna be quick like oh just come
in and rewatch these episodes before we
recent them to Netflix and what ended up
being there for 12 hours
I can watch an episode and it just
wasn't perfect and I'm a perfectionist
and so I was like wait guys you have to
redo this oh yeah it just took forever
the good news is that Gus is the cutest
thing in the universe guess you're still
cute
he's so happy that I'm home he was like
crying and meowing in the owling when I
got home he just wheat you happy um home
good you happy animal oh my god if
that's not a meme I don't know what is
that is a meme you're a meme guys I am
so excited I get to go home so on
happy been so happy I've been up here
for three months
and it feels like giving up here for six
years and I went home from one day
really quickly to meet Duncan and it was
amazing to my family but this time I'm
going to go to Santa Barbara and see my
whole family and I'm gonna go to VidCon
and meet a bunch of you and I get to do
a live show on Saturday and it's going
to be like the best week like I am so
excited I need it so badly like oh man
I'm so happy I can't wait to just be
with my family my family is my number
one they're my rock they're like they
are my whole world so to be able to hang
out with them is going to do me a lot of
good um but for now I'm just gonna hang
out with this little guy cuz he's my
family right now
huh my family I didn't vlog anything
today obviously because I was editing oh
this cat here goes is attacking the
string on my camera so I did not vlog
anything today because I was just
editing and working and trying to get
done as quickly as possible that I could
come home that's a pack tonight I just
scared guys I don't care I'm so excited
to go home all you have no idea so I
went to try to keep vlogging everyday so
you guys going to see VidCon and you get
to see Rachel's dog blaze and my mom my
dad and a new baby
you Duncan I'm just so excited I'm like
going to explode I'm like not going to
sleep tonight because I was so excited
do you love his dinner
you love why are you settling it all
right so I am just gonna play some
ukulele and in the order pizza and in
pack so I don't have much to vlog for
you guys today but maybe this vlog will
just be this little clip and then me
playing some UQ's you guys aren't
interested in that then um I'm sorry
when you can't
Oh
