I'm Laurie numbering I got some I wasn't
really good with dogs hey guy okay girl
Whataburger all normally gorger's need
to work but today we have a cat groomer
taking care of Gus and so he's with the
cat groomer in beds which I guess
apparently in Vancouver you can't like
take your cat - a cat groomer I mean
maybe you can but the only things that
Cory and I found were rumors that come
to your house and do it at now we have
someone on our house right now
clipping his nails washing his hair
trimming his hair giving him a blueberry
facial because he spoiled us but sorry
this is like the worst a model of all
you can do 15 wheels I'm trying to be
safe I can hold it one driving today's
Friday I'm working all day today and
then tomorrow Saturday and working all
day Saturday this apparently we're going
to weekend's now for hitters haters back
off by the way it not like haters in
general and Sunday I'm gonna go home I
miss my family I'm gonna go in Santa
Barbara and have an I think I'm going to
cry guys some of my feelings come up
here and visited me and I got to go see
Duncan and go to my brother's house but
I haven't been able to go to my parents
house in such a long time and my
favorite thing to do in the whole world
if you guys know me if you guys watch my
channel you know Mike's everything to do
all times
you put my parents house cook dinner
with my cousin and my mom from our whole
family get together and then sit around
the bonfire and make s'mores and talk to
my favorite extinct cry because I like
my family so for lunch it was a big con
and then I have a big show next Saturday
night you can say good morning and that
was fun it was of all community patootie
one thing about what good though is he
loves to eat my hair and also bite hard
I guess that's just what companies do
you guys guess is about to meet wicked
you won't eat him stuff no he'll be nice
gasps come back wanna meet any friend
come on we get the first shot
he's never he's always been do dogs he's
always just been kind of chill hey got
my sentiment smelling mm-hmm we're
really day it's gonna be friends there's
no that's very not on you Gus it's so
big so for me to watch the duo
forgetting you guys be careful we get
seen really good with them I am walking
home
let's start and if you've been watching
with lots of the day you know that it
seems like till very late it is Wi-Fi
face yellow it is 1036 right now so we
got off later than usual please remember
how pretty the view is here look at this
I do really when you go home
I'm very clean a flat
very good we have not even hardly
wearing anything right now I don't
not this
we really well today we're working on
episode 3 and it's well funny oh my god
I'm so excited you guys seeing ideas
epsilon F 2 are really great like
they're awesome but absolutely we just
watch now I was like dying of laughter
me and my editor the showrunner Corey
like everyone's just like dying like
crying laughter and I cannot wait forget
to see it I just I'm so proud of the
show and I work so hard on it and I
can't forget to see it and sometimes I
need to remind myself like how lucky I
am because sometimes life gets rough and
hard and I get sad bummed out or
homesick or whatever I don't know I
can't let it I've let it bog me down and
I should because I'm really lucky it
such a great life and like I'm so like
Rochelle and I don't know anyway it is
10:30 the probable clogging work tonight
I love you and I will
