who brought Gus to work today and he
found a noodle plot he's been exploring
in bothering Anthony my god he's a
lunatic
so I just got home I've never watched my
cat poop before and I'm not some miranda
video he's coping and it's making me
very uncomfortable
he is definitely taking this yeah he
looks so in pain anyway um yeah I just
got home from work and again it's 9:00
p.m. look how bright it is outside I
don't never used to that I'm about to
tell my premiered Murr in a video so
we'll see how that goes oh my god he's
so stupid he's little trying to hide his
poop by scratching the walls like you're
not covering your poop that's not doing
anything that doesn't do anything
Gus oh my god it smells so bad
there you go no now good that's up there
work oh my god got a valve you because
it reeks Wow Oh anyway that smelled so
bad
thank you guys for that lovely treat now
I'm going to be stuck in this room to
film with the horrendous smell of cat
food now I just need to find some
lipstick and fidgets spinners and I am
ready to shoot here we go you know what
though I'm going to be honest y'all I'm
gonna get real time would be honest time
to have a serious conversation so I just
made a video recently on my main channel
thing like what you guys wanna see I
don't know what you guys want on my main
channel I'm getting a lot of really
great responses but now I want to know
about the Moran channel because I feel
like don't know what to film for you
guys and I want to make sure that I'm
making videos that you guys like I don't
know what kind of range it is like when
Racing's Julianne Rena does like
tutorials like how do I know what to do
is we're anymore
one Charlotte
well what about everything I found my
buddy thing I wouldn't know what you
guys want to see from me on the Miranda
channel - my tripod well I'm vlogging
yeah I want you guys to be happy and
enjoy laughs and I thought the audience
is always changing like I feel like the
people who watching videos is like
constantly constantly changing and yes
you know we didn't want to see I am so
excited for you guys to see season two
it is crazy like just editing the show
we're in the room every day just like
laughing so hard and I think you guys
are going to think it's way funnier than
season one it's way more intense it's
way more like it just way more
everything like everything you've gotten
season one it's like times a billion in
season two and I was like so excited I'm
gonna film around opinion visible Daniel
oh wow okay like what is my eyes what is
my life I'm an adult woman yes there's
glitter on my chin there's glitter on my
everything
a while ago I made this vigeous Center
that's covered in glitter thinking I'll
make a video with it and then I never
did but how pretty is this fidget Center
and by pretty I mean it's just a fidgets
been are covered in glitter and it's not
that exciting
anyway yeah I finished on when we're in
the video and I'm gonna film a video
that's me
Oh
