good morning everybody don't do it
what is the hairs it on the yeah this
couch is like insane how full it is okay
there oh my god I literally just sat on
the eggs and I'm covered my pants are
covered in cat hair this cat he isn't
shutting that crazy and we don't know
why or like this like a couple stages
isn't like no no we clean it and like my
pants are just like public he shed the
chunks of hair today literal junk we
chunks of hair everywhere he goes like I
pet him today once and it's like my
pants are covered in cat hair anyway
alright we got to go to work and I'll
try to remember to introduce you to
Anthony - thanks forgetting weight and
what about Wikipedia Wikipedia is wicked
the little dog Cory called Sonic Expedia
you
and said he would be in my blog I just
asked he did have some hesitation though
he was like I'll be in your vlog but you
didn't really want to I've been talking
about you for two days I've been like my
editor all you guys get to be my editor
and then I never shows you this is
Anthony no internet Howie has to sit
with me in this room
for a million hours a day and how are
you not sick of me yet I'm getting close
oh my god because I love you that's why
I need to carry around you because
you're so wonderful
I'm - I smell giving one the play at
times of the day oh shut up using new
Billy I don't give you I don't give me
scene
I turn to you I don't bring it in
someone else's I just eat it all I would
show you Gigi but she does not want to
be seen she did kill me I'm just walking
that cliff where I'm present Trump gets
praised by old cabinet and just reminded
me of it Oh God whatever anyway this is
Anthony and you might see a lot more of
them because I will literally be living
in this room so the editing room for the
next couple of months I'll try to remove
all gets hard though because there's a
big screen right on the other side of my
lens right now that is showing season 2
and I can't show you guys that so yeah
anyway alright that's Anthony you met
him okay bye I left my frickin camera at
work after I filmed and it is free free
nature mouth and yells as though I was
like never fed before Oh
are you acting like you I've never had
you in your whole life he literally just
got fed look at this he has food hazard
there
he hasn't there and he acts like I've
never fed it like when I get home from
work he's like starving mother my cat
literally you have so much vide spoiled
brat
he just wants a fresh one like he's such
a brat there's a fresh he needs a fresh
can of food every day he says a little
butthole today was an interesting day I
finally got to a point where I was like
I'm going home I my brain is mush we're
working on episode three now and it's
just going so fast and like I feel like
I don't have enough brain power to like
do a good job on the episodes right now
because I'm just so tired and overworked
and I feel like this season is just been
so much harder in the last season for me
like I've literally done everything and
there's a lot more weight on my
shoulders I think people think like oh
it's season two like Colin's got it and
so this means there's a lot more work on
my showing shoulders and so I am tired
and stressed
I'm usually we work until like 9:00 and
today I was like guys I need to go I
just need to go home and just chill some
salsa filming random video tonight I
just don't want to like the heart's not
in it and I yeah I just don't feel like
putting on the lipstick tonight I stared
at myself a lipstick on my face all day
today and still in it so maybe I'll do
tomorrow I've been kind of off my
schedule anyway lately so that's why I
have for you guys today you got to meet
Anthony who's a cool dude he's great to
have in the editing room because he's
like super chill and nice and like he
literally will make fun of me like I was
like oh that was a bad take let's find a
different take of me where I don't suck
at acting and he'll be like I don't
think there is one they're all pretty
bad like she's so mean but it's so good
for you like haven't because he makes me
laugh so much every day and like we just
like yeah I don't know he's a cool dude
I need to just chill and watch TV and
bed job good bed cuz everyone deserves
that so that's what I'm gonna do
oh I wanted to say something okay so you
guys I've heard me talk about how high I
have or have had in the past
vagina problem like I always like I've
been pretty open about it I'm like so
the type of person who just puts all my
ish out there I talk about how I get
used infections all the time I get UTIs
all the time there's always something
wrong with my vagina Corey I read an
article yesterday that said bat bombs
are giving people yeast infections and
like I hadn't had one in years like I
hadn't had a yeast infection or problem
with my poonanny in a long time then all
the sudden six months ago five months
ago or something like that I started
getting these infections all the time I
was like what the heck is going on and I
was so stressed during the term my life
I would try to de-stress myself by
taking a lot of baths and I think that's
why cuz I would use bath bombs canal
quarries like one was lasting at a yeast
infection and I was like I don't know a
few months ago and definitely not since
he came up to Canada
and I have not taken a single bath since
I've been in Canada so girls protect
your hoo-ha
don't use bath bombs because I guess
they're not good for your lady bits I
wish I did not know
anyway TMI I watched the unsubscribers
and go to town but yeah that's how to
fix here for Jack no problems ladies
don't think a bath with a bath bomb oh
you know what I didn't have a bath of
the bath bomb I did a Slurpee or I did a
slime bath as Miranda nice bath bomb but
it didn't really work so and I did not
get an infection anyway oh my god TMI
when we talked about the Internet
