yes
when you don't wake up looking like this
just me okay it is bright and early as
you don't buy house Rosalyn and I'm
going to film a video before I go to
work today
enjoying logging so much it's making me
so happy but it's time to read some
around the video some I do not know I'm
gonna go to work and today to meet
Antony because yesterday you open up
wicked this video will be faster okay me
no I need to do my makeup and my hair
and get ready for work ya have a lot of
time blogging dinner making me really
happy and excited like talked to you
guys and hang out with you I do it a lot
on Twitter like I'm always on Twitter
you're talking to guys and hanging out
with you guys
I feel like it's been a while since I've
been able to like be on YouTube hanging
out and talking with you also this show
came really hard being up in Vancouver
this time around like I really miss my
family
last time my brother was up here with me
and his kids and my mom came up and
visited a lot so I felt like I had a lie
and I wasn't alone and like this turn
around
I have Cory which is amazing and Cory's
been awesome a lot but I would really
really really miss my family so much
yeah but I'm really excited about the
show and I'm excited for you guys to see
season two so I see a lot of you guys on
Twitter and stuff talking about how
you're sad or hurting you're going
through a lot and it breaks my heart
if I want to treat us just be happy all
the time I know it's not realistic and
that's not like a realistic thing people
get sad I get sad every day there's no
straight it's sad but I will say this
like when I say with truth happiness and
her happiness is a choice a lot of times
you guys know it's not like it's too
hard to like be happy all the time it's
impossible it is impossible to be happy
all the time so when I say choose
happiness I don't mean like choose to
not be hurting is that impossible like
if you're hurting you're hurting and you
should feel it I mean like make a
decision to better your life and not do
well in that activity if you can get
your feelings and emotions about it talk
about it feel it and then say I'm going
to do something
is to try to change my attitude to try
to make me feel better I'm going to go
buy ice cream and eat it with my friends
or I'm going to go online and talk to
the people on the internet and I'm going
to watch my favorite movie the choices
you can make to get yourself on the path
to become happier and sometimes it takes
a long time and sometimes it takes weeks
to get to a point of being able to like
choose happiness and choose to make you
know those decisions and sometimes it
takes a while and that's okay so I guess
what I'm saying choose happiness I'm
just saying like feel those hard
feelings
but eventually you need to pick yourself
up and go like I'm going to do something
day to try to get out of this I'm going
to do something day to turn and be
happier that's what I mean when I say
that and today since I'm going to do I'm
gonna try to choose happiness I'm tired
so you go sit in the editing room all
day sounds kind of brutal but I feel
super lucky that this is my job and I
get to edit my own TV show like that is
crazy that doesn't happen people and so
my day is pretty good and then maybe
tonight I'll like go get a crate what
are you going to do today to choose
happiness and positivity
obviously I need to work oh my gosh okay
so I guess you can go onto the emmys
website and vote for my show to like be
nominated for an Emmy I don't know this
is real I mean it's on the Emmys website
so I feel like it is but you can vote
for it for out signing Outstanding
Comedy Series you can devote to for my
show to be nominated for an Emmy like
what even is that real I don't think we
would ever win I mean I don't that take
it back now thank you but I just can't
believe it I'm like what but I know so
like I don't know Gobbo like it's not a
real thing can you really vote for my
show to be a friend I mean I'm like
freaking out if that's a real thing um
it was a good day at work
but this guy is the craziest joint at
home if you sneezing meowing and meowing
what do you want when you want to did
you want this cat food hmm so what you
want let me feed you you have food right
here that's food you know you can eat
these dry things you don't just have to
eat the wet stuff you spoiled brat this
fat cat the biggest cat in the world is
only ten months old you so be made is
only ten well he's still a baby I'm
going to end up being unlike Ripley's
Believe It or Not for like having the
fattest cat who's ever lived
are you happy spoiled brat don't chew
with your mouth open Gus it's very rude
so today was kind of a crazy day
obviously I saw this morning I started
off by being like I'm going to choose
happiness today it was the right day to
choose that because it was a hard one
for me to stay positive and kind and try
to look at the bright side today just
sometimes many people who want to tear
you down and you can't fight fire with
fire I'm dealing with that today and I'm
just deciding to like try to keep my
head up high and be nice even when it's
hard so I'm just going to choose to die
pause with this girl yeah we just
finished editing the first version of
episode 2 today so that was a good great
thing and also my sister released her
book today and started her book tour and
I am so proud of her and if you have not
bought which this book yet please go buy
it um put the link in the bio hopefully
I'll remember to do that I'm really bad
about that kind of stuff I feel like I
always go to links in the bio and then I
never actually put it in I just told
myself up I think I'm going to try to
make a video and I'm going to edit and
go to bed
notorious my okay oh and I forgot to
introduce you to Anthony our editor
today I'm sorry but I did creepily film
him for effect
but I'll try to remember to introduce
you to him tomorrow so you guys can
actually talk to him I get to know look
at this angelic light coming from the
bathroom touched by an angel
