you could be different don't you come to
this chair basketball literally we clean
this every 10 minutes and it's always
covered gotta say when they feel good
because now so I'm at work and I think a
little walks because clean and fill up
take a little walk my brain is fried
push and frumpy I don't mean to sit here
every day I feel like every day on these
blogs I just like emulate it so hard
it's not like I'm stoked and I feel like
I'm super lucky to be doing this and
that's having a blast but like I think
just rough like it's tedious and you're
watching people say the same thing over
and over and over again like 50 times in
a row all day long and so it's just like
makes you a little bit crazy it's been
going well I'm going to let you guys
meet wicked wicked is our editing room
puppy one of the guys who works there
has this cute little puppy named Ligget
and I'm obsessed like it you guys will
get some look at in a minute it feels
really good for me to just fix it and
talk to you guys and it's like it almost
feels like therapy or like a diary
injury or something I don't know it's
just nice to just talk you don't really
know if I have except to walk for you
guys but I'm enjoying it so I'm going to
keep doing it and I hope you guys keep
watching I get to home in a week and I'm
so excited okay I've gotta grind editing
right now
this is wicked cute you
Absalom bah-bah-bah
so tonight I decided to cat hair decided
to give him a little bit earlier we know
he's always like so hyper and excited
when we get home
like we starts off like really excited
and like purrs and then he's suddenly
like looks as a freak out like run
around the house biggest maniac um I did
my makeup in the last few seconds of
being at post or because I'm going to
film a video right now and cat no don't
heart furniture oh good boy good boy
that's better is that destroyed you look
at the view guys Vancouver is insane
it's gorgeous here insane the prettiest
place in the world so um when I am
stressed Alex please Lili which you guys
know by now if you watch my
Oh oh my gosh okay
I just had way too much fun so I just
filmed a video for psycho scramble
channel and it's the first time in a
long time that I've had my hair that
I've had time to like think about a
video really and like try to do
something different and fun typically
I've just like like what's the trend
what are people doing all they're doing
story time I'll try the story time oh
they're doing this I'll try this and
this time around I was just like I had
an idea for video and it's like more
like a skit type of video which is the
stuff I used to do like I mean I'm
talking like five six years ago and I
had this idea for this video and I just
filmed it and it was a lot of work but
it was so fun and I like dying for you
guys to see it I know that tomorrow I'm
posting when you guys see this video I'm
posting a video on my main channel kind
of like hey I really know what I'm doing
with this channel like what do you guys
want to see and so I'll read through
those comments and try to figure out
what you guys want to see and try to
make more videos you guys alike but I
also was like I think don't like this so
I went ahead and filmed one already I
think you like which I never think about
my videos I haven't edited it yet and
sometimes I think video is a really good
idea and then I'll try to be editing it
another this is not funny my gosh my cat
is crying a storm doesn't like to be
alone but he only loves to be here on
people and like hang out people so if I
close the door who like cries at the
door to get in when we get home from
work like when we get home from work he
like purrs and freaks out and it's so
excited he's just the sweetest little
guy in the world he does not like being
alone and I just left him alone for a
long time while I was talking to you
guys I mean and by a long time I mean
five minutes oh he was literally out
there by himself for five minutes and
was just babbling I am going to finish
doing my laundry and then I'm going to
re-watch the episode we were working on
today write some notes on it do some
editing
for my YouTube channel and then we'll go
to bed and do it all again tomorrow I
said this a little bit earlier today but
I want to say it again I'm so happy to
be slogging again it like I say it every
time I start to vlog after not vlogging
for a while it just feels so good to
like talk to you guys and like feel like
I have mic hang out with my friends and
just chat about my day like feels
awesome thanks for listening thanks for
watching thanks for those of you who
have been supportive and sweet and kind
I really appreciate it and to those of
you who have dedicated your lives to
hating me I'm sorry I hope you're okay
and I would love to like sit down to
coffee with you one day and just be like
why do you hate me so much what did I do
to you but yeah I yeah but happiness not
hate I love you guys and I'm having a
lot of fun vlogging I hope I can keep it
up hot and you guys the best and I'll
see you on Twitter and Instagram and
snapchat and others not I'll see you now
Oh
