what's up guys I forgot my camera today
and so did Bailey
so we're filming with her computer for
her footage were filming with my phone
for mine but today we are at Color Me
Mine
and this is what we only wanted to do
for her birthday activity so every kid
for their birthday they get to have a
summer party with me and we get to do
whatever they want it's fun auntie
panties slumber party fun time so Bailey
chose to come to Color Me Mine today for
our activity last night we made a cake
we watched a movie we and it's sushi we
played a game get a lot of fun so Bailey
is painting a little mermaid I'm
painting a bowl because adults update
eat seeds and
so we're almost done and then we're
gonna get sandwiches and head to her
house
fun day mother mine was great and now it
is time to take Bailey back home cuz I
got plans from that hunting Google so
I'm taking Bailey home I get to see the
Munchkins and yeah but did you have fun
a lot of fun what was your favorite part
all day I am now at my brother and
sister-in-laws house and Parker is
showing me his cartwheels okay wow that
was three we got a bonus bonus cartwheel
what was that yeah you want to try him
sure could help you
I was setting up mousetrap which I
played last I would Bailey and he was
like I'm setting something up I'm
sitting in for V I was like okay those
are really good right oh my god
we're gonna write my lyrics - Jeff
you're crying I'm laughing at yourself
so fat you think he's skimming best
friends dinosaur digging friend
mysteriousness or just like a
paleontologist you stream we're
streaming live right now gently scrape
away the edge of the plaster with the
flat side of the tool so here is the
dinosaur rock okay so it says here it's
yours president you can do it okay
gently scrape away the edge of the
plaster with the flat side of the big
this is not a blank footing worth of
date
that's it it's not nothing you Spencer
ones do this for hours little boy it's
like just like keep her kid busy I
wonder what kind of dentist okay we have
to guess I think you're gonna get a
triceratops
what do you think you're gonna get you
have to guess it already Stegosaurus
Velociraptor experiment tell me you tell
me you tell us what is that this is a
bonus mud what is that thing
Parasaurolophus Paris or okay so next we
got the day it says you add water wait
12 to 24 hours and after 48 hours you
the dinosaur was a crocodile you're
gonna make peace with that shave that
rock
there's a tryna source and I used to be
it's true was never attention sweet
Center I still remember
simple and plain and not much to ask you
might hurt
or how people need house
what a fun night thing out with Eric is
always great and I'm tired and I'm gonna
try to do a little bit of editing
tonight before I go to bed and tomorrow
I'm gonna try to get a bunch of work
done cuz this weekend we're doing a big
Christmas celebration to Reese elebrate
Christmas because my whole family got
really sick on Christmas it's Christmas
was kind of a bust this year or so weary
celebrating Christmas in my house this
weekend so get ready for that I'll
definitely try to vlog that I don't know
if I'll walk tomorrow because I'm just
me working from home and not really
doing anything so I might off work
tomorrow halsy okay love you guys see
you later
