everyone oh my gosh mating so babe team
why beat around the bush that's true my
boobs are getting huge
I'm happening it's cuz I'm gaining so
much weight honestly I'm getting a lot
of weight I am like 15 10 15 pounds
heavier than I was last year this time
yeah last year at this time I was going
through so much know so stress and I
couldn't eat so I lost a lot of weight
once things started to kind of get a
little bit better and I was in a less
stressful environment as we're eating
more and I'm eating a lot gaining weight
and I hoping to gain a lot of weight in
my booth so my boobs are just gonna
bigger and it's so weird like bras that
used to be big on me mal like don't fit
me anymore people are beautiful at
anyways whatever size you are you're
beautiful and I love my body now I love
my body then I just need to make sure
that I'm healthy which I'm not right now
I'm eating a lot of sugar and you want
to crap and I need to stop that I need
to start eating healthier so I've had a
very relaxing weekend which is been nice
because I haven't really had a chance to
relax or like chill out since
for ever since I started writing season
2 it's been like go-go-go insanity
I forgot how awkward it is to vlog in
public guys like I will never be used to
it like you always have like people kind
of staring at you but like what the heck
is she doing anyway like for example I'm
so uncomfortable right now he's I mean
he just filming myself talking to myself
like I have been blogging and making
YouTube videos for a decade 10 years and
I still am uncomfortable vlogging in
public so I just ran a couple errands to
go to start you know what I love about
Vancouver they're like their drugstores
if you like to save on favorite place
some makeup and then like a good makeup
not like like you know in the States we
even do like challenge they're like Oh
drugstore makeup challenge but here the
drugstore have like Benefit Cosmetics
and Lancome makes me blush and new like
eyeliner pencils and all this good stuff
so pretty stoked on that anyway I just
went for a little walk I feel like I
need like a month off I feel like any
like a month break it's just been I
think I'm too doing too many things like
with editing season 2 of haters back off
and this season has felt a lot different
than last season in the sense that I
just feel like I'm doing a lot more than
I did last year so it's a lot more
exhausting a lot more draining and
you're tired and I thought it'd sound
like I'm complaining I'm not I love it
but it's just like I'm just tired and I
think it's affecting like my other work
because I'm still posting four videos a
week and those videos are suffering
simply too much time and effort into the
Netflix show but anyway I need to really
up my game so I'm hoping to be on my
main channel this week that's just kind
of like hey I need to start over my life
has been rough and what kind of videos
you guys would see for me I want to do
reap it on the channel and make my
youtube channel is my number one
priority because they always happen and
always will be my number one most
favorite thing about my job and the
reason I have anything wonderful in my
life is because my YouTube channels so I
really want to focus on them so I'll
probably go back to my apartment after I
enjoy sunshine a little bit and some
videos but tonight I'm going to go out
to dinner with Eric Stockland and Steve
little who are the boys in the haters
back off cast so Fran chestnut and
Angela play my mom and my sisters back
off they both flew home already to LA
I'm still Vancouver for a couple more
months and Steve and Eric stuck around
because they love Vancouver and they're
actually leaving tomorrow I think so
we're going to go out for like one last
dinner just the three of us look how
beautiful game compared it it's just the
prettiest place in the whole world I
love that you can just walk around and
try and like people to sit and just
think and
beautiful here I love it so much that I
am ready to go home I think and I really
want to call
I miss my family and my friends and love
me up here like I have Corinne which is
amazing and he's been such a trooper and
the Joe hard-worker and made me friend
throughout all this craziness but you
know he misses home - I think we're both
just like it's just lonely like it's
lonely up here and just wanna go home
you're really missing my family and me
stabbing my families like they're like
my rock and I go and I cook dinners with
them and sit around the bonfire and talk
and to not have them around it just kind
of makes you a little depressed like I
just feel like sad so I'm excited to go
home and be around them I get to go
Lexie for VidCon it will be really
really good back to home I gotta film
some videos hey y'all it's a couple
hours later and I'm headed to dinner
with Stockland and little so weird that
everyone's like leaving I hate it
because I'm so used to like hanging out
the cast every day and or like so close
it's so weird is there now I was
believing oh yeah I'm excited to see
them it's over it's 9:00 p.m. again like
it's so crazy to me how it stays so
bright in Canada for Vancouver for so
long all right all right I don't know if
I'll vlog anything in dinner because I
don't know I feel like I want to hang
out with people now I don't walk as much
as I used to now what I'm happy but just
like hang out listen god thank you
thanks for watching today's vlog I love
you guys I love to you tomorrow because
it is tomorrow for me and I've been
vlogging today so
see you tomorrow
