good morning everybody guten morgen look
at this little pumpkin don't call me a
pumpkin yeah he did not like that I'm
sorry Duncan Duncan the pumpkin yeah
Duncan Manu DelBene no I would think
clanking Dinkins milking he's so cute
and sweet this morning I woke up to a
Parker coming in my room going
congratulations on 500x cry bird so I
had five million subscribers over my
channel it's very exciting and I'm so
happy as my family what happened in
Parkers there Duncan is cheering the
amount of times I called him Parker he's
so yeah so today I get to go see critter
enjoy his new house and I get to go see
blades again Rachel dog and yeah no you
don't get to meet blaze happened this
morning for me it was very exciting you
came in - congratulations
congratulations Andy dizzy Oh 500 its
Skylar's it's five million five million
subscribers skiving subscribers we are
on our way to a new house our new house
we are headed to their new house it is
but it's very exciting and then we're
going to go shopping for a new present
for this one Chrissy tomorrow he's
turning 17 ah
German 18 and 21 yeah cold
salut oh my gosh I'm in my brother's new
house
all right who's show me the room first
okay we're gonna have to close except
for disgusting okay okay cute so pretty
Bailey that's the curtain this is so
much bigger than your other room boys
room you so this is fancy pan Andy my
workstation oh please
all right show me where we're at this is
the backyard okay love it now what what
area hi it's beautiful come on come here
here we come this patch of dirt is the
best part like a park this is awesome
they have a zipline Ready Steady Go
their house is beautiful I love it here
the kids are having a dance party and
we're going to go get some lunch now
that's not rookie break
all right so Parker and I are going to
the store on a little date great peccary
ahead and he chose the Disney Store so
used to got one toy whatever he wants in
the whole store for its birthday
your acting's mom it's unlike anything
you want anything you want in the whole
store yeah one thing
excuse me start soon so let's do it
oh that's pretty cool what you think
that's a hippie okay that's what maybe
tok the golf set is maybe did you see
the bowling set that's maybe okay
that's a baby I would totally wear those
oh please light up okay
these are super neato Cinderella shoes
and what sort of things
oh of course I can't remember one I can
remember a colleague enjoy this part
spirit what's up y'all
so I just now left for Augustus house
and I so much fun with them it was so
cool to like just get to hang a family
and oh no I'm so happy I felt so cool
like go shopping with Parker he loves
the new shoes and so do i anyway I'm
driving back to LA now to my house I'm
going to try to sum a few videos for the
week as I go back to work
where you going videos films and edited
by the family
start going back to work we're almost
done it's so crazy we only have a couple
weeks left of shooting blows my mind but
I little bit today my belly like all
girls hot in LA I have a story
I'm so embarrassed you guys always with
Orleans I am so embarrassed okay I was
just at Target and I was buying stuff
for videos and I had a bunch of stuff
I'm super tired and I've sat in traffic
for like an hour and 15 minutes I'm
grumpy and going to target I get the
stuff that I want to get I wanted to
rush home I've so much to do tonight I
have an early flight to Canada MA I'm
just stressing I'm grumpy a little bit
I'm in line and the woman who's checking
me out is like taking forever and then
she couldn't get like one of the things
I was buying to scan and she was like oh
this isn't scary do you know how much
this was and I was like no I don't and
then she tried to skin again doesn't
work she's like it's not working do you
know how much it cost I was like no I
don't know how much that cost and she
try it again she goes yeah she's like
try and push Nomar she's like I don't
know how much this is do you know how
much it is I don't know I don't know how
much it is I kind of snapped I didn't
yell I wasn't like super rude I just
like I don't know how much is I'll go
look so I like run across Target try to
find the item find it and none of the
things had tags for some of none of
these skirts I was lying with skirt for
video none of them had tags and so I ran
back there's now a line behind me which
stressed me out and I was like sorry
that none of them have hags and she's
like okay well we're gonna have to do a
price check on it and I was like they
never mind I don't want it she's like
you don't want this I was like no I
don't want it cuz why I think I just
don't want it please like I don't want
it I was I would grumpy like I wasn't
mean but I wasn't I certainly wasn't
being really sweet like I was like no I
don't want it I don't know how much it
is like that's how I was talking
so then this really sweet woman standing
behind me in line she goes do I know you
and I go I don't know she goes you're
that youtuber right and I was like yeah
I do YouTube and she goes yeah I watch
you and I want you to staring your
brother and stuff I was like oh cool
thank you she goes you're really grumpy
today I was like oh my god I'm sorry I
was like oh um yeah I guess I'm I'm
really I'm tired she's like yeah you're
really grumpy are you having a really
bad day I just like couldn't even
respond so then we just started talking
like it just had a conversation like my
brother and his baby and like she was
really nice like super super sweet but I
was so embarrassed
I'm glad that that happened because this
woman our target was just doing her job
she was like she didn't know what to do
she'd know how much the skirt was so
she's asking me if I knew but she did
ask me too many times like I said I
don't know but she wasn't being rude to
me she was just asking multiple times
the same question and it was wrong of me
to like be snippy with her she's just
doing her job
and I was so embarrassed I'd say 95% of
the time I'm like a nice happy bubbly
positive person but I do get sad I do
get sassy I do get grumpy sometimes and
I totally snapped at this woman and it
was so wrong and I'm so embarrassed
and I'm so grateful that that woman that
nice woman like called me on it because
I think it's important to like be called
out when you're not doing something
right is it a life lesson and yeah just
being nice to everyone you meet because
what's the point like what what good
does that do for me to be like I don't
know I don't want that now like what
does that good does that do like it's
not helping the situation stop making
that woman feel good it doesn't make me
feel good to act that way so like why
would why do it like why not just take a
breath and be like maybe I can help you
like and do it in a nicer tone I don't
know
so I learned a valuable lesson today and
I'm so mortified and so embarrassed and
like so disappointed in myself for
having a bad attitude but hey I'm a
human and I'm a person and sometimes I'm
grumpy and I got grumpy for a minute
leaving the comments below have you guys
ever like been super grumpy about
something and then realized that you
were being grumpy and it was like
unjustified or like you shouldn't have
been grumpy like I don't know I just
want to see in the comments as that that
happened to you guys because it was like
a moment for me like I said like I
learned a lot from that experience yeah
so now I'm getting a chocolate milkshake
for myself hi I'm back in my office guys
how it is this if you really feel like
haven't been here in years
but I got my uke one of my eight years I
guess I mean you could collector now
because I have so many coolies I'm going
to film some videos in a bit but I
wanted to play you first sit a while
some speak for yourself have one off you
can click around and around an amount Oh
mr. Manning your that is anything I will
go I will go down as
I just had a milkshake that's not oh my
gosh okay so I just did a couple Miranda
videos one was a total bust
I had this cool kit that we make special
effects and I tried to use it and like
did not work at all it did not make
special effects it was just stupid seing
the world but then I cut open toys with
like these asking on TV blades and
knives and stuff every time I destroy
toys or anything as Miranda which I do
often it is painful for me like so
painful because first of all I didn't
have any money growing up so like to
destroy a toy is a really big deal
because it's like wasting money so like
I hate hate wasting money and that
person I guess that thinks that like
this is going to smell like an absolute
crazy person but things that like
everything has a personality or
like I know it is a toy but like Toy
Story hit me hard when I was little like
I feel like I still look at toys and
things and even like when I was cutting
up this Barbie it made me so sad
like I hate doing it like it hurts my
heart cuz I'm like that Barbie has a
personality and like I don't know I feel
like this Toy Story just hit me too hard
when I was little so now like cutting
off a Barbie pan makes me feel like
psychopath and like I don't know it just
feels very wrong I hate it so much so
anyway so I just made a couple random
videos they're really stupid as per huge
and I'm going to apply my makeup and do
some clean videos okay finished Myrna
videos did my makeup sort of I would be
I don't know it's late I'm going to film
a couple rent clean videos I can't speak
English I'm on him out what this Karl s
must have stir in that dog down there
we're just gonna hang out and go to bed
it's late and then tomorrow morning I
fly back to Canada
alright thanks for watching okay around
an amount or mr. Manning good we'll go
around go down is it
yeah utilize it under that idea
