I'm in California I flew home to meet
Duncan but first I'm at my house and I'm
going to meet my first map view that
came into my life it just blaze flute
let me play hello is blaze here this is
so hot I was gonna bring a jacket I'm
used to like oh my God he's so much
smaller than he looks online how he pees
out of excitement sorry so do i good mom
he got a previous grandma donkey oh my
god guys okay so online like in Rachel's
videos and then pictures he looks P yeah
no he's so small uniter he's tiny are
you eating my hair man oh look at this
no gublin he's really yeah he looks so
much smaller in real life it's crazy
it's kind of punking you don't know what
to do with your body you don't know how
it works you don't know how the bodies
work you don't know what legs are fought
or penises you think they're for happy
and eating is not what you do the hair
and licking the air does nothing if you
have a lot to learn to sleep like uh hey
does your cousin and you are gonna be
best friends
no mama he's so tiny I feel like how
small he is okay gotta go
hi guys been a while since I have logged
I've been so busy I just got three plays
he's so cute he snuck up I'm super happy
for Rachel she's been wanting a dog for
forever and can you even see me because
I just shadows my face and I feel like
talking chin but now I'm driving to this
productive have to meet Duncan I haven't
been here in like two months
Oh like a month enough I haven't done in
California and so much has happened
since I moved to Canada like I was I am
I feel like being on set today feels
like to compete
doing so much so it feels like a happy
that in California 20 years here came
back anyway there's no story I'll see
you a crisp context because it's also by
the way Parker's birthday party tonight
so my family is going to be there like
yo tell me I'm not going to tell you it
but I also think you shopping to get you
another present so tomorrow's you want
to go shopping with me yeah
I need a solitaire yeah yeah looky my
heritage or tur like it looks even
shorter than it was in the cutting
they've been burning it off every day
Stephanie's holding the baby now you
can't bust me beep hungry hungry mama
because they're about to do pinata and
then after Duncan's done eating little
empanada filled - Parker whose birthday
party is it mine yours how old are you
really
friend for pinata
whoa
big Billy got a good one
whoa whoa hi Colleen I found your camera
and I started walking with it cuz I
thought it was Mike huh but this is your
camera mine's over there yeah your
camera's a mess you should get that
fixed the lens things not opening up you
probably already know but you're welcome
so this is the part of the birthday
party where they watch a movie the kids
in our family don't really ever watch
movies or TV so it's only on special
occasions you get to watch stuff so
they're very excited right now thanks
for watching thanks to listen to vlog
everybody I'll see you tomorrow
