hello everybody it's Friday I have had
the craziest week of my life this week a
full week of shooting producing
rewriting co-directing essentially we
have an awesome director this season who
is ikey there's not enough wonderful
things to say about the man who's
directing the first two episodes he's
have eyebrow on my forehead yeah he's
amazing and when I first sat down with
him to talk about the show he was like I
see this as we are Co directing this
show and this is your vision and it's
your show and I want you to be happy
with it
so anything you want you tell me and
he's been incredible
like I he's been so wonderful to work
with anytime I want to shoot something a
certain way he lets us do it that way
like he lets me have input he makes sure
any shot idea that he has he checks with
me and make sure I'm cool with it if I'm
not changes it like he's so
collaborative and he's such a good
teacher and he's just amazing like I
love the director we have to see said
his name's Bryan family and he's amazing
he also wrote and directed this one
would be called saved which is like one
of my favorite movies so I fan gold a
little bit when he said he would direct
my show then a crazy week
Netflix asked for this season to like
you know go all out go crazy and like do
bigger stuff make it bigger make it more
intense and that's what we did and I am
feel of it like yeah hope desired look
at every single day this week it's been
like oh my god I cannot believe we did
that crazy props crazy set pieces crazy
costumes it's been insane so last night
we went really late we shot really late
which means today we get to come in late
since 11 a.m. this is the first day I've
slept in this week the rest of the week
was like waking up at 4:30 a.m. it was
insane I am so tired oh my god the new
like weird frappuccinos scene so like
unicorn crap and it is disgusting you
guys like I don't know how anyone drinks
that I just want seven wanted to die
super gross anyway I need you to work
but yeah I think I'm going to try to
vlog today we're vlogging or vlogging
we're shooting at the house today so I
think I'll be able to show you guys a
little bit of it because you've seen the
house before so that means I can vlog
them I'm at my office and dick is
running around so I love whenever we're
on our stages where like the house is
because that means I can bring the cat
anyway I need to go to the hair and
makeup this joyful breakfast Andrew hi
Gary
say hi to the Internet oh hi Internet
this is Gary Gary is the one who ruins
every shot he makes it so we never make
our day true and he basically makes the
whole show a miserable experience that's
my goal okay yes I guess getting gay
yeah
look at what I'm going through right now
no it's fine my collegues are covered in
bruises I'm getting more makeup on my
legs and I get on my face looky looky
who's here on set today
can't even see who it is it's a mystery
you're in silhouette oh no you're not
that's correct this is one of the sides
of the house this is our house that real
health good no real house people think
it's the real house which is good I mean
that deck did a good job
what's up this is what it looks like
outside of the house so that window is
Bethany's room that window is the living
room that's the bathroom and that over
there is Patrick's room so I know
convenient long as well today we're in
the middle of shooting the first scene
and I'm looking sleeping did you go out
with the bags because we came Tina girl
they don't like Lisa will be like go for
a walk or anything no use love oh no I
did not go for I was like go out what do
you mean go out we came in at like
lunchtime we came in at lunchtime so I
thought I went for a walk here hmm
don't wait a minute mama you missed that
it is 2:30 in the mountains I am an
entire lady and I definitely just ate a
very familiar to max hey so many people
we just wrapped so everyone's like
panicking and drinking at home atrocity
or 2:30 in the morning I love you guys
thanks for watching sorry I totally
stopped blogging because there's just so
much going on today oh it's crazy I was
in every single scene um and you know oh
hello so happy I'm gonna get dressed and
go home
