good morning Happy Easter it's Easter
it's Easter it's easy I have been
editing videos all morning and I just
put my makeup as a full-face girl I'm
having all the fields I'm really excited
that my cast is coming over and we're
going to play a shooting range game with
Easter eggs I'm excited to be around
people that I love I'm really sad I'm
not my family if you guys have been
following me for years you know that
every year I vlog on Easter and it's one
of my favorite holidays I'm a big family
girl like I love my family if you ask
you what is your perfect debut go
anywhere in the world if you could do
anything's your day and go to Paris you
could do whatever you want what would
you do I would say I want to go to my
parents house and hang out with my
family and eat dinner with them and just
talk like that's my favorite thing so
I'd love holidays because I love my
family and it's really really hard that
I don't get to be with them on Easter
this year I don't know that I've ever
spent
Easter away from my family so this is
kind of hard for me but I'm really
excited to be with my cast and I'm
really grateful to be in Vancouver
shooting season 2 I'm not complaining
because I'm I'm the luckiest girl in the
world that I get to be here shooting a
season two of my own show like that
doesn't happen to people so I'm very
lucky but I do miss my family a lot and
I'm super sad they're not here so that
is why I'm having this Easter party with
this because it's something we do in my
family and just kind of makes me feel a
little bit better about not being home
if I'm doing traditions that I would be
doing if I were home so anyway I've got
to make a couple treats for this party
normally I cook was huge getting on with
my cousin Stephanie and with my mom but
I have to wake up at 4:30 in the morning
tomorrow for work my call time was like
five or something crazy so we're having
like an afternoon hangout session and
not as dinner because I'm going to try
to go to bed early so I'm just making a
couple little snacks and I want to show
you guys what it's doing um the first
thing I need to do is hard boil some
eggs so time to get that started as I go
blend until egg boy okay next thing I'm
going to make is little like sweet
Easter egg nests so I did this last year
and I just kind of made up a recipe I
know people make these all the time but
I don't follow a recipe I just kind of
make up whatever so here we go
okay the easter eggs has been boiled and
now I need to cut up strawberries and
just set everything up to make it work
all skew there we go
people are here and we are dying eggs
and I'm so excited
we will behind the chandelier that's
pretty surreal school double diamond you
dissident and you're doing that no you
do whatever you want there's no no I
like it
are you waiting for the dry season yes
so we are to trust you if you shoot an
egg you get to keep whatever mood you're
human is inside the egg there's a $50
bill mother's eggs if stand behind the
line you have to go one at a time
Henry's first okay and at one time I had
no idea how okay okay he's ready for it
ah he's part of anything
oh what'd you get we had a reason I take
back a few rounds you're not very good
at that
only three eggs have been what I think
and nothing excited what'd she get
Oh Kinder Surprise those are illegal in
America you guys I hear one of the
hanging and I wonder $50 of my own money
I got my money back I got a big old
silver I'll let you do the honors
so one more you got it
okay we're going to see a picture
because I brought my little like dolls
that gave me in a show so everyone
holding their go like your doll my doll
you know stuff like me I love it I don't
know I like you dolly everyone laugh and
Cory is a Superman cleaner and literally
made our house look sparkling twinkling
light no matter for seconds I don't know
how we did because it was a disaster
four seconds ago the master of rule and
anyway that was super fun it was really
nice to everyone here it made me like so
sad that I could lose my family today
but out of glasses everybody and
everyone played along with my weird
games and traditions that was really
cool and I'm really grateful that I have
like such a fun nice awesome cast we're
all really good friends and squeezing
other guys thanks for watching happy
Easter Easter happy Easter I hope you
had a great time with your family and
friends or in the world
