good morning I am tired at the longest
week ever a wonderful long week the
first day on set was amazing and magical
and perfect and so exciting I didn't
vlog anything because I was busy the
whole bit like I was in every single
scene and so it was recruited but today
it's Saturday and I've got a capture
point YouTube stuff look how tired it
looks like a sty in my eye that's really
painful
I gotta film some videos and edit and
what's happening here was one like that
did you wake me up this morning at 9
a.m. we're hitting all the blinds over
and over again goodbye alright so first
things I do is drink coffee because oh
my god obviously I need coffee
I have no energy and and retired and I'm
going to make a brand new video and have
a lot of energy I need them so I just
click put it on turn off the shirt I was
wearing and put this really cozy
sweatshirt on that what if you sent me
thank you today is the perfect thing
but I changed my shirt in the murder
room and look at the view from in here
it's a beautiful view it's amazing but
all of these windows are open and our
apartments and people can and watch me
change and I didn't even care I'm always
like said to my friends and stuff like
if I ever got like super famous for any
reason and like paparazzi ever came
after me or something there'll be so
many pictures of me like looking
disgusting like picking my nose or like
rubbing my face like this or like with
my shirt off like I am the grossest and
just don't care like I always am
changing my clothes like this door open
or the windows open like I do not care
so let's just hope I never get famous
because that will be not good so before
I show I need to like wig up I'm going
to film that let me let you know that I
know that I'm filming this let's set up
my camera and make it look like I don't
know I'm being filmed but I do know I'm
being so I always confuse me whenever I
watch vlogs whenever I see shots like
that all I can think about is you went
into that room set up your camera on a
tripod left the room and then came back
into the room to make it look like it
was the first time you came in that room
that's all I can think about when I do
those shots I feel like because that's
what I think about when I watch those so
like I just need to address that
I knew you guys'd here the whole time
and now if there's anyone watching
please like me and we're thinking wait a
second she set up that camera we already
have discussed it and now you could just
enjoy the time while we're nothing
happened just drink my coffee
Gus Gus what are you doing so cute I
think I have the weirdest caramel roll
look at him he always lays like this
always 24/7 he's laying on his back with
his legs spread open I've had a lot of
cats I'm a big cat person like I love
all animals I love dogs but cats are
like totally my jam I've had a lot of
cats in my life I've never had a cat
that does this so I'm curious if you
guys do so I want to read your comments
and find out if I'm the only person who
has a crazy cat who just always sleep on
his back because I feel like the
weirdest hat in the world and you're so
fat you got so fast read low weird I
just shot a video or I did like I try to
do tender but I couldn't just like
connect your Facebook or something
I'm never going to dis getting app I've
never I've never done anything like that
like I've never really dated and so I
don't know how to use those apps I've
never used them before but I wanted to
do as Miranda so I downloaded tinder and
then realized you have to have a connect
to your Facebook and like immediately
deleted it and then done with some like
knock off tinder apps that was free and
you don't say connect your Facebook to
it and just as Miranda and it was so
nervous just goes like I don't know I've
never I like those dating app like scare
me even though it was a joke and I was
doing it as Miranda and I immediately
deleted it like immediately like the
second I pushed like the button to stop
recording on my camera the first thing I
did was to leave the app like those
things scare me I don't know why like I
just I think is a song concert wall but
anyway my cat is currently being my
Miranda wall no are you serious what I'm
thinking it you cannot just rip like my
tarts he is insane look he's been
pulling this down
he comes over and he like tries to eat
the hair on this he just ripped this are
you serious
he hates Miranda whenever I'm wearing
his brand pants a singer shown you in
vlogs before but till oh you hiding from
me see look out he loves them packer and
literally only does that when I'm
wearing red pants like you see a
four-way tie so weird just finished
doing murder videos and I need to edit a
bunch of videos um yeah
doing good the back of my eyes are only
going to get bigger and fatter as time
goes on but just look they don't want
tips on how to get rid of super big bags
on your eyes from exhaustion I am having
an Easter party tomorrow
so we are at the party store in North
Vancouver which is where I lived last
year so it's very cool director when
picking out things for the Easter party
for the cast oh goodness gracious and
civil bang I love a sensible bang on a
bull I had a mainly hard moment but
we're trying to find things to put in
Easter eggs because my mom I'm really
really sad I'm not me with my family
this year on Easter so my mom and my dad
came up with this awesome tradition a
few years ago where we would shoot with
nerf guns different Easter eggs and you
get to keep whatever you shoot so that's
what we're doing this year with the cast
so I'm trying to find things to put
inside of the Easter eggs there are so
many fun things to play with in the
store so it's time for a montage where
my favorite spot in Vancouver that I
showed you guys last year is little
pretty there's still snow in the
mountains it's so so so pretty look at
this
all right this time to set up the
shooting range we have Eric here helping
us it looks pretty good so far
what are you doing trying to attack this
into the ceiling is it not working why
not it won't sick a long one or short
look along here is the finished product
I am ready I'm acting like this is an
Easter party like we have as a Ballinger
house with like 25 family members when
really is going to be pouring me
Francesca Eric and see so we have a lot
of eggs for 6 people how many people
sleeping
