good morning look how short my hair oh
my god it's so short it's so sure so I
did not vlog yesterday the first day of
production I was way too busy it was
crazy very busy it wasn't saying I
didn't have time but we got a lot done
including cutting my hair and I know it
looks insanely short but this is how
short it was last year I feel like it's
even shorter
you know ones last year but maybe not I
don't know it feels really short it's
crazy but we didn't have time for me to
like go and get my hair done with like
in the hair trailer so they had to cut
my hair while I was writing an episode
it was madness it was crazy but anyway
we have to go to the studio is a lot
going on I don't know how much I want to
be able to vlog but I'm definitely going
to try today so we'll see how that goes
we are at this stage is where so shorter
than that fancy official colleen
ballinger so Christopher just pointed
out that there are these on the floor in
here and these are what we use to get
the horse into a set last year we used
like I think we had three of them do we
have three well we have a lot but we
didn't have enough so we'd like the
horse would walk on it and then he'd
walk up like two and then they'd be like
that we have see a bit more and then
they grab it thrown because the horse is
not allowed to walk them like hard
concrete so he has like anyway it was a
process here on the rug there were not
that many you are we've definitely got
many because this is what happened
before swine doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo stop everyone
wait an hour
and everyone silent during yeah I can't
talk the water don't spook the horse Oh
everyone's sitting at 2 a.m. I just - do
you - stop
he was there it was pretty bad that's
very accurate and the worst
first of all I've makeup all over my
camera I think of all I can film Jack
diddly squat today
but I just had the cast dinner it is now
like almost 10:30
and we just had the cast in ER it was
really nice thing about the cast last
night they all went out to dinner and I
couldn't go cuz I was working so the
fact that today I was able to like be
with them was really nice but I didn't
have to leave early they're all still
there and I'm not home because I have to
film some videos and reports and songs
and stuff so that was summer but she's
really missing out with them however I
was having so much fun that I forgot to
vlog so I apologize today's vlog is kind
of lame not really anything happened but
I love you guys and I'm gonna get some
more tonight I go to bed I hope you're
having a fabulous day Cory is brushing
 man is he purring yeah oh my god
and look coordinated around a wall in
our little kitty room so this is
exciting
I'm gonna shoot and run a bit late now
okay good night oh my gosh you guys okay
I'm about to film something it's
technically not the first day of
shooting tomorrow is but we're shooting
something today first but it's not
really shooting but it's kind of
shooting I'm not that makes me
but I have to shoot something from
Casper and Ottilia pilars but I made my
trailer back in my trailer was just so
exciting it's the same what I think I'm
really excited to see Miranda clean my
trailer it smells the same it's a Chitra
excited I'm so excited
okay
