my first full day ever in Cleburne and
getting ready to go get some food of
Cory and then we're going to get a bunch
of like toiletry stuff because I didn't
bring much with me so well like I gotta
get on land
hello cloudy - 82 them was he was not at
me I think is the plane but like he is
like being weird to me he runs away
every time I walk up to him and are so
it is now like 5:30 and talking quietly
because I'm like in the middle of
apartments and I don't want to disturb
anyone who lives here I'm going to wait
till I get an elevator to talk okay so I
just met with our director and had like
a three hour meeting talking about all
the shots and all the takes we're going
to do we have new directors this season
it was so much fun and I'm like freaking
out so excited and now I'm going to go
meet Francesca for a crepe and I'm just
so happy being the Cooper guys I'm
happiest ever the cool I'm with
Francesca we're here and it's for me
using in Vancouver and we're sisters and
we're together again
I'm so excited look you can be on my
blog I can oh my God my Creator we can
take pictures on set and post them I
have a blog question yes Bobby we are
not watching vlogs you're like laughs
doesn't like you have a bad shoulder but
you like a beatiful arm to drink well
this is the bad children so I usually
close this arm which I was doing and I
just switch to the server thing
impeccable are mine I get this lighting
of a comment well thank you for noticing
macula no I'm saying better too
so we're good well no your house sucks
if you look at that what am I looking at
the mouth all the mountains are
beautiful I'm okay I don't a got hot
anyway well now you can be a picture
it's nothing I'm excited about last
season I had to hide Francesca and this
season I don't have to so I think
pictures upset and so to be on Dogen I
can't wait I know she read all the
scripts we have a tale for you tomorrow
what are you thinking of panic attack
inside I'm so excited you guys are going
to have the best time watching pictures
I can't wait I'm so excited I am I I'm
home and I had a delicious crepe with
Frannie but now it's time to make dinner
so tonight I went to the grocery store
and found some gnocchi so I'm gonna try
to make some really from scratch was
happening on my chesticles my blast hole
in there instead for me my smoothie and
my mom facials we're going to eat this
and I'm going to go to bed cable read in
the morning it's like 10:00 or 10:30 you
were all need to get the food house a
really big day it's our first like full
day in Vancouver we've got the table
reads the morning for the last month of
the show and then we're doing like stuff
with crops and new costumes and stuff
and I think I'm watching a bunch of
dildos on TV right now all right
a penis
