what's up guys I'm at the office the
final day at the office today our final
day Christopher Harry feeling uh
stressed out yes and I was here before
anybody else today
so I've walked to the office very
nostalgic Lee like just by myself oh my
god that's not in my system now I'm just
now we're just dressed there's a lot
happening we need to do pretty big
rewrite on two episodes today so if you
want to do and then tomorrow morning I
fly to Canada and I have not packed at
all I'm moving there for five months and
I haven't packed anything so I'm fine
with the next day yeah
thank those guys it's past 1:00 in the
morning
just got home and quick cloth came over
to help me by help me I mean she's
hanging out with me while I try to pack
and stay awake they leave tomorrow for
Canada I'm moving for five months I'm
gonna try to vlog them up there but who
knows if it's actually gonna happen we
just post me to talk about because duh
they don't have Taco Bell canva and I
need to get me some Taco Bell before I
leave all right I'm gonna pack on your
bed girl so that's question to you
laughs oh my god he was moving your
ever-moving this is a weird case last
year at this time I was crying Oscar
yeah I haven't cried yet this time
around I feel like I could break down
and he's like I'm very stressed but for
different reasons than last season last
year I was going through a lot not just
I wasn't just going through like oh my
god I'm moving to another country I was
going through a lot personally
emotionally just there's a lot going on
in my life that was really hard year ago
so this year I'm just dealing with the
stress of you know the show which is
still very overwhelming it's totally
different than last year last year I
didn't know what to expect I didn't know
Ford's like the cast I didn't know where
production was gonna be like I'd never
done a show before ago last year was a
lot of fear this season is more like
anxiousness to make sure it all goes
smoothly it's just a lot like is a lot
I'm stressed I'm still I've been packing
clearly so I'm going to play ukulele for
a little bit cuz that always calms me
down makes me happy and Allsop it's also
Saturday so singing Saturdays today
airport and discussed this with those
for cleaning his eyes he's very grumpy
okay purring yeah he's the best cat in
the world
no he loves Cory so much more and I are
like the best parents in the world we've
talked about how if I don't have kids by
what age do we say hmm we've said an age
though if I don't have kids by a certain
age we're going to have kids together
we're going to use his bits in my bed
and the petri dish but
and make a cake I feel like we bake
really good parents together trying to
get it we are in Vancouver Gus got
really sick on a plane he trying to meet
me I didn't do anything anyway he got
really sick on the plane and he was
barfing and he was breathing really fast
and I couldn't catch his breath and it
was super scary and the whole ride I
like had no flight I had like anxiety
and I'm so anyway if you were at the
airport a bunch of cute sweethearts came
the airport well if you were at the
airport tonight and I couldn't stay and
hang out and talk to you or get a little
individual picture of you I'm so sorry I
really really wanted to and I thought
was really sweet made me really happy
because Congress clearly escaping right
now who should not be it's it and I need
to make sure he's okay I think he's just
scared from the plane and had anxiety or
I don't know what but it was um but um I
need to make sure not okay yeah he's
done he's focused I mean we just have to
get him home so anyway I love you guys
and hopefully I can be like a meet-up in
Canada on a weekend or something to make
up for it but I love you guys so much
and I can't wait to read all your
letters tonight
yeah sure my apartment when we get there
in one minute okay I'm at my apartment
and Gus is fine
he's so dramatic he was like he saw me
once before
he gets really dramatic and he acts like
his life is over and he's dying and like
he was so bad guys like I was going to
pet him and he wouldn't move and he's
just like he looks so scared he looked
like he was like hyperventilating he's
choking like he's so dramatic
he's done this to me once or twice
before and it's really scary to made
himself throw up like he freaks out and
he's totally fine like we get to my
apartment and he's totally fine he's
hiding under my bed right now I think
he's exploring but I'm gonna give you a
tour of my new place we walk in because
nice little picture and then it has a
hallway in my room and here's my set and
then I have a little balcony that like
overlooks Vancouver this is outside my
freaking door oh it's definitely got I
just have another guy disability I just
know I can be one we both know here's my
little bathroom
very cute panel go supply closet and
then this is course this is Cory's room
I'll show to you and just done with it I
don't want to like show you something
about a finished product this is our
living room say cute little dining room
living room area from our Lehman's with
pity and I love the decorations like
it's all bright and colorful which is
nice like nice and cheery and bright you
know it's like tiny and it's very cute
it's very tiny a lot smaller than my
place last year but I kind of like it
because like the decorations make it
feel really like clean and bright and
nice so and I hear that little kitchen
tiny and then have this little room that
right now is Gus's room because he
needed a plate but he is so excited
about this new part
but he hasn't even eaten it food which
is very not like him I think we're going
to turn this wall and dust his room into
a Miranda wall so I can shoot in here
this will be like the shoot room what do
you think do you make it this is what it
looks now do you like it Chloe yeah I
think it's cute I like it anyway I'm
gonna go to bed an exhausting day I'm so
worried about Gus of near tears in the
airplane freaking out over am there the
man who stressed me out today
you're totally spy you are being
dramatic
for no reason Gus Gus to salute you'll
regret all right I don't think all vlogs
no maybe a lot I don't know but I love
you guys thanks for watching I'll see an
exam
you
