what's a vertebrates can't walk down
this camera that's why we came a diet I
don't know where the charger is cause
I'm Hamas but today is a special day
because Bailey is here every year for a
birthday we do a birthday slumber party
yeah so for two years I thought we do
have more - oh maybe not well anyway
she's here all day today I wrote with my
brother we've been writing a new project
which is really exciting I can't wait
for you guys to hear all about it
but for today that's what I was doing so
I didn't film any of that but now
Bailey's here a new special project
there's nothing to lose Miranda what yep
it's funny word has double blogging I
mean you're blogging in I know what a
crazy world we're living in like so
crying man I'm so right now I'm making a
gluten-free chocolate cake and it's
gonna peanut butter frosting and a
peppermint frosting at Bailey's request
and we ordered some sushi because that's
what she wanted for dinner cameo so
mnship ice cream so that's coming too I
don't know what she camera to look at I
don't either but it'll be fun and then
Oh Bailey got a dog I can introduce you
to Bailey's new pet doggy
this is Bailey's pet fudge she picked
out this doggy and he can do tricks and
all kinds of fun stuff so that's
exciting as well so anyway we're gonna
make the cake and move on with our lives
that's what we're doing now okay so we
just played mousetrap and apparently
that game is takes a really long time
like monopoly so we ended up making up
our own rules it was really fun but
Bailey's cake is finished so there's a
gluten-free cake at the frost slope
first layer and then we'll put the
second layer on top so I'm making peanut
butter icing from scratch right now and
I'm gonna put half the cake would be
peanut butter frosting and half the cake
would be peppermint frosting cause it's
the two crossings Bailey wanted
so yes so I am going to make the river
crossing it's really easy if you ever
make peanut butter crossing it's
delicious how I would recommend doing
this is you make chocolate cupcakes and
you stick a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup
inside the cupcake before you put in the
oven and let the Reese's Peanut Butter
Cup melt inside of the chocolate cupcake
while it's baking and then you put this
frosting on top so right now I am
stirring one cup of peanut butter with
one half cup of melted butter so that's
what it looks like and now I'm gonna add
two cups of powdered sugar slowly until
starts to get thick and then you put in
like about three tablespoons of milk
slowly until it's the consistency of
frosting and that's all it is it's
really easy and it's delicious highly
recommend let me know if you guys try
that chocolate cupcakes with Reese's
peanut butter and so canaveri pressing
it is unreal
alright so I've made the peanut butter
frosting it looks like this it is
delicious and i frosted half of the
heart with the peanut butter frosting
that Bailey wanted now I need to do the
bar
one side down one no-go the heart is
done now Bailey is going to draw on it
with her peppermint frosting Wow Bailey
this is intense
I know very intense really want to watch
it the secret life of pets so there's
all miss Bailey bean but Daisy is
obsessed she won't leave if she I tried
to figure of a move her and she ran back
she literally is watching so intently
I've never seen a cat do this she really
loves TV you're so weird Daisy look at
this wall Daisy snuggled over here happy
birthday
happy birthday dear belly happy birthday
two months late Bailey are you
forgetting something
but the candles not with your mouth full
of chocolate nice Bailey gets to sleep
in the Christmas room tonight this is
the room that todrick lived in when he
lived here todrick Hall lived with me
for most of this year but now he's in
New York doing Chicago so it's back to
being a guest room and in this Christmas
room it's always been my dream to have
one of my bedrooms the all Christmassy
so in this room there are pictures of me
and my family celebrating Christmas
that's me
has reach home my brothers it's easy but
there's Christmasy pillows have yourself
a merry little Christmas there's like a
ball of mistletoe there used to be more
stuff on the walls I don't really know
where it went but extra Christmasy
pillows but yeah there used to be a
bunch of Christmasy stuff in here but I
don't know when it all gone now even the
bathroom is Christmassy it has like
Christmas stuff I used to want something
from every place I traveled to because I
didn't know how long I would travel for
on tours and stuff so I would get an
ornament in every place they went so
this is from when I went to Oslo Norway
a boot from Texas this is from Chicago
Australia New York City so basically
every time I went to New City I would
get an ornament and then after time I
was like oh this tree is getting old and
I'm going to to many cities I didn't
have time to go to an ornament store in
every city I went to so I gave up on
that but I used to collect ornaments
from every city by the way when you guys
give me ornaments
just always go on the trees I love there
were nuts business way for me to have
ornaments and keep operationally so
Bailey's excited to sleep with Daisy
tonight but you know why she's hyper she
needs to eat her midnight snack my
theatre yeah okay let's go feed her ah
way too late but she's in bed I don't
know why I'm whispering when like she's
so far away for me hi Daisy you're so
cute um so I finally we got everything
packaged up to ship out for all the
winners of the livestream and I got
these like things printed out so I could
wear you know it's like little notes on
the back to people who donated but they
printed out so bad like look at this
it's like really you can't even tell how
bad it is but like it's like really
flimsy and like my face is bright orange
in this one you can't really tell but
like it just is really horrible quality
so if you get one of these for me and
I'm sorry that this is such bad quality
I don't know why it looks so horrible I
think they were expensive to print out
some little disappointed annoyed at
Walgreens not sponsored not and I love
what Walgreens is Ginny when they like
one of my favorite stores in the world
and not being sarcastic you can ask
anyone
what's your favorite store Killeen and
they'll say if anyone who knows maybe
they'll say I love Michael's craft store
at the grocery store and I love the CVS
or Walgreens I just love me a CVS and
Walgreens I think they're amazing
um so I'm really annoyed that these
turned out so well but it's alright I'm
anyone who gets in these I apologize
he's just gonna get a really horribly
made picture of himself
alright I'm gonna put Daisy and Bailey's
room because she wants a sympathy Zee
I'm gonna try to do some work and I'm
not a little bit so I don't know how
well I'm doing getting these vlogs up I
didn't even
I did the one from yesterday so I'm
already behind I also I'm not uploading
videos this week on my main channels I'm
trying to get easy I pushed myself a
little too hard than last year and I
really took a toll on my mind did my
body and so days like today I was like
I'm just gonna be with my family I'm
gonna write with my brother and focus on
one thing at a time so I haven't filmed
any videos yet this year and yeah so
that feels kind of weird but maybe also
I'll start up again really soon
alrighty
