I play select I neither Gary I figure I
try to vlog I did not love last couple
days and I turned on it and then I just
didn't so I had not left my hair in like
four days so I'm to put some jorgensen
this is on time for a shower because if
I did it probably let me take one let's
be real oh my god I'm just going to look
like I am getting right here from stress
which I wouldn't be surprised at that I
am a mess
this has been really hard and the
different way that my last show last
year it was stressful because I've never
done it before this year there are
expectations because I have done it
before so people want it to be better
than once before obviously so it's a lot
more work I feel like this year also
Christopher is not moving to Canada with
me Kristin has a lien on the messages I
have the baby
last year I rely on Christopher heavily
he's my partner she writes everything to
me he creates everything with me the
funniest man in the world so the fact
that I'm wearing a Paloma is really
freaking me out like because he kind of
have the same brain it's like if I won't
set filming a scene he gave up trying to
monitors watching and he come up to be
like Oh clean that didn't quite work was
trying to get in try this joke and
whatever so this season pink not my veto
so I have to do that so I have to know
it's my job surrendering or not or other
people just running or not and if other
people's jokes are mine I have to be the
one to rewrite the jokes some really
really stressed and I'm scared but I'm
really excited I'm scared has dressed
for other reasons this year developed
last year um I will say it's also hard
dealing with all this when you're going
through stuff like emotionally to which
I don't talk about online and you guys
know I don't want to talk about like my
personal struggles as much anymore
that's before but when it involves
another person I try to like keep my
mouth shut so don't panic spare to tell
them some the story enjoyment another
person look bad anyway I've been going
through a lot and Susan were like I'm
trying to read and produce and create
this show which is less than the dream
come true I'm so grateful for it the key
focus on that and to also be like
struggling everyday with you know
emotional pain Nordics has been really
really hard yep there it is up to LOD
and my friends and family and it's
really love it has been really weird
enough I'm sickening so vague it's
probably really confusing but anyway I
got to go to work I really quick yeah I
feel a - I have a surprise in my office
today and it is my best friend glorious
autumn he came to help edit and to get
me to sign paperwork things we're
working on fixing episode 3 & 4 right
now and then tomorrow we'll work on 5 &
6 and the next day woke on 7 & 8 we're
just trying to be scripts out Stan Lee
every night is craziness you have to
Elvis Tombaugh Pete Pete so so I'm
pretty happy
it is and you cooking come here Phil
here at the office I'm giving a coffee
premier long night there's a picture in
currency that is me and uncle Jun
antigen zoom original sizzles but the
thing that was deleted so if you don't
wanna be seen where random find others
you can visit eulogy adversary' and she
doesn't Uncle Jim's room complains she
doesn't to do it he's talking about how
it would be good for her career and
they're trying to decide what square
picture this is a camera there
ah it is and this is the craziest I
remember being crazy last year but I
don't remember ever saying this wait
like multiple nights in a row and that's
how it's been for last couple weeks or
week man I am tired I'm going home I
love you guys and maybe I'll see
tomorrow no probably not because it will
just be more of this this is
entertaining
