good morning it's great to stay up late
good morning so we are going to go get
some lunch with Rachel Corrie and then
got to go to sound check and then we do
a show and then we'll then we do mean
great go and do a show and then we can
sleep and then we go go back to LA and
go back to our motioning oh come on oh
so the time you guys see this never like
near this will already be up but we're
practicing singing Saturdays right now
because we're going to do that's what I
like so that's a little practicing now
and we're about to try to summer okay
just go to the theater and there's a
bunch of really sweet sweet cuties watch
my videos outside waiting and it was
amazing I got police presence that I'm
like dying to go through so I'll do that
in a little bit but I'm toasted like I'm
going to show in a couple of months and
I just I obviously didn't know I'm
obsessed with touring and shows so I'm
gonna really good move to the cool and
edible arrangement from Jesslyn thank
you so much I can't wait to see what it
is these are like my favorite thing in a
while good I'm going to eat bitch I got
me life tour about soundtracks but we
have this coffin and from tour we had
like full-on big coffin that was built
for us got a cardboard community to
travel with it so we're happy absolutely
support I haven't two extra sheets of
cardboard my bag yeah I'm gonna break
oh my god we go - my goodness
no I think it's better clean Steve
coming fit I know Ronnie once you're up
it went upside down a little bit
are you ready I'm ready I'm alone once
she's got like that oh that's cool
there it goes
we have to redo some choreography
because the coffin is not strong enough
to hold me so naturally I thought let's
clip ghosts in the show and so we got
the peeps and they're cutting holes to
make scope
what a weird line Silas it's time to
show isn't me greet and it was super fun
got tons of cool presents for me guys it
was so fun to like talk to you and hang
out with you and I just loved so much
I'm freezing so wearing a jacket over my
outfit for show I'm about to on stage in
like five minutes and I'm so excited and
I don't get to do it again for like two
months so I'm excited to be on stage
back at the hotel the show was so fun I
love being on stage so much it makes me
in happiness it was a good show I feel
like it was solid he didn't add anything
new to this show so it's like the same
show I did it on tour the funeral show
but it was really fun everyone was in it
we did actually add some ghosts the show
we name-- and they totally crash to go
for all the presents thank you so much I
had so many amazing things I got like a
onesie that I can put guts into we got
tons of candy my brownies we got a
puzzles I got kind of cinnamon I got
full making kit I got this awesome horse
purse we got tons of fun gifts and we
always love going throughout all the
presents guys gave us thank you so much
nice to find room in our suitcases to
all of them who scratch tons of stuff
yeah it was such a fun day and yeah I'm
just I'm the happiest I love performing
so tomorrow morning we wake up early and
we fly back home and it's my last
opportunity to say bye to my family
before I move to Canada because I moved
to Canada on Saturday and it's also a
just birthday next week but I work on
her birthday so we're going to have a
birthday party for Rachel / going-away
party for me tomorrow so radically land
we let go the grocery store and get food
and we're going to cook for my family
and I'm really excited I think we're
going to just chill and hang out and go
to bed
so thanks for watching this vlog I love
y'all and I'll see ya
tomorrow probably
