okay so I'm at the office this is
Christopher Ballinger my brother /
co-writer co-producer Co human
co-partner we were here until 2:00 in
the morning last night had meeting
starting at 9:00 a.m. today so marketing
closed business I have a very long
commute to get here at 2:00 a.m. I like
no and so I spent the night here and so
we're here today writing it is crunch
time guys I'm a Kanda in a week and
start production and so we need to
finish these scripts is craziness so we
are here super late last night and
tonight I'm getting on an airplane to
fly to Arizona because I have a show
tomorrow in Arizona and I fly back and
comes right back to work and keep
writing and then move to Vancouver it is
craziness so I'm gonna try to vlog the
speaking live in Arizona I always love
vlogging my live shows so let's see if I
can keep this up but I feel like I'm
gonna fail I mean you are in Arizona
from formerly you guys are familiar with
Suzanne Somers but she could not come a
strip so Rachel taking her place
Oh back to the roof this is an original
original job from back in the day if I
was a famous youtuber Rachel worked for
me um so Rachel's here and then I just
picked my ear like this well yeah
talkative you talking as though that's
not you know often I take my nose and
ears and Treach what 212 luggage I know
Sam I stood up until three in the
morning watching people get your waxing
another years Cory my that's not know
the night before
Heather is here too because I saw how
they're a few nights ago announcing a
birthday present and she was like you
have to give me a birthday present but
you want to have you join you in Arizona
and I was like yeah so we're meeting up
with Heather and Christopher Robin will
be there tomorrow and my camera is
blurry and good luck so we made it to
Walmart I found Trevor we're so excited
so you guys said probably if you watch
my blogs a lot you see that I always had
to buy a bicycle to ride the dick
bicycle in my show
so you can't travel with it so we always
just like buy one and a Walmart and then
we give it to a fan after the show we
like giving someone like so I like
usually sign it and then Cory doesn't
find someone to give it to so we found
this umbrella I know I'm always gone we
changed our minds we found this one it's
bigger and it's the same price so if you
love viva la it's a good thing
the beach is calling quick ones the
beach is calling I must go not land I
love glee just to say and Heather and I
have decided to get matching pajama and
little ugly things Corey picked them out
they're not these their surface core
picked about this is the most
overexposed and I'm so grateful because
I haven't slept in 6 days oh I
appreciate that all my features are
missing on my face right now because if
you can see them you'd be terrified if
you guys are waiting for uber but
there's this machine that makes charms
and so we're getting one and on one side
is our shift name which is EXO quarter
queue letters of you
and then on the other side it says anal
because
ready for hammerhead
you guys ready to see my mom Oh fabulous
they're actually really soft and they
were only nine dollars I'm gonna go tada
yeah they're like really soft and I'm
grateful because the air conditioning is
broken in our own back to this like
lightweight it's pretty cool I'm all
about it all right
it's almost midnight so we're gonna stay
up really late and talk and
