it's working I'm going to check and see
it says livestream is starting soon to
show you a little bit delayed we'll see
if it works so uh y'all just let me know
when you can see me it says is live no
lab in mic
hello anybody der um
you something I think it's pretty
delayed right now so I don't know maybe
it's working but hi guys uh you can tell
me if you can hear I'm doing some my new
computers so I don't know if it's if the
audio and all that works you see me you
see me hi someone said it's not working
that is unfortunate I see you I see you
okay you see me but I don't know if you
hear me I'll begin your mind anyway um
yeah eyebrows look good thanks girl he
well it's because it's like blurry nal
Rachel just texted me it's working
you're good thanks girl okay so um I
just filmed a bunch of Miranda videos
and that's what I look like trash
although somehow in the mix of it I lost
some of my clips like I had a clip in my
hair um but now oh it's over here
somehow I'd end up on the floor I don't
know so I usually stockpile videos like
on the weekends because I work all week
long so on the weekends I like wake up
early and film a buttload of morena
videos and then change into me and then
film videos as me because all week I
can't do that um so anyway I just filmed
a couple videos as Miranda and then
filmed a couple music leaves I'm trying
to get in musically so if any of you all
want to like go onto my musically and
like and comment and all that stuff
that'd be really appreciated anywhere um
so yeah I'm gonna change into myself
right now I've got my makeups um and I
thought this is usually a time when I
livestream and I never post on this
channel anymore on my vlog Channel
because I can only vlog I'm just I've
been so busy
oh um I figured like streams are a good
way to get stuff up on this channel for
you guys and say hi and to touch base
I also okay so I have super curly hair
look how frizzy and gross it is because
growing my hair is like ring lady curly
if I put product in it and set but if I
just like sleep in it and don't put
anything in it it's just like frizzy big
afro and then I brushed it out for a
brand new video today which by the way
was the first time in my miranda career
where I almost couldn't I almost stopped
filming the video because it was so
gross I like was gagging and like
couldn't handle it like it was so
disgusting because there was so much
hair and I hate hair like pretty much
anything we're in a says she likes it's
because I actually hate it in real life
and so I always am like asthma I'm like
I love hairs and um so I was like oh
yeah Miranda of course I put hair in
this thing that I'm making and I put it
I took it out of hair brushes and put it
in and it was I was gagging so much I
was like I was throwing out it was so
disgusting so you have that to look
forward to but I feel like it's gonna
make some really funny bloopers for you
guys cuz like I was literally gonna
choke and die it was so disgusting
anyway I thought I would go from less to
myself so this I'm going to do first
thing I do when I change into myself is
pull my hair back from the gross metal
part that it is right now currently and
I like to pull back in a tight bun to
show off my receding hairline because
that's cute and you know what the
wrinkles in my forehead are from the
fact that I'm older the receding
hairline just something I've always had
so that's cool um alright so I have four
trillion of packages of these at my
house because all I ever do is put on
lipstick and take it off and this is
what I use but that one will make it big
and I thought we could just hang out and
chill while I'm going from Miranda to
myself by myself as an accent I don't
know okay let's see I've been wearing a
slip stick for a couple hours so let's
see how badly stained so feel bad today
get no staining sometimes when I wear
when I wear the lipstick for a long
amount of time it like completely stains
my skin pretty badly today it's not so
bad
hmm lucky me
that's nice all righty look not my face
wet so let me go onto Twitter and see if
there's any questions you guys have for
me that I can answer while I'm putting
on my makeup and just kind of hang out
um
Damaris said are you going to do
anything special for the Anaheim show
since a lot of fandom people are going
um I don't know what that is gonna
be yet we'll see I have no idea I have a
few shows under my belt right now
because I've done a few different shows
over the past few years um I don't know
what shows I'm going to do for that and
for like Tucson which is in a couple of
weeks I don't know what I'm doing it so
that's good um and then I'm going to
Vancouver I don't really know what I'm
doing because I've been so busy writing
haters back off um that I haven't had
time to like really focus on what lags
don't want to do so I don't know we'll
see I want to be something fun I know
that the Anaheim shows like any show in
California is always super fun because
my whole family goes Chrisman Jessica
will have had their new baby Duncan and
hopefully Duncan will be there so if you
come you'll get to meet the baby um I'll
probably have like some YouTube friends
in it because it's right next to VidCon
and um so I'm hoping to get some of my
youtuber friends over there but we'll
see I have no idea um I really have no
idea what I want to do yet right now
just pull on this makeup that's why I
have so many wrinkles I'm so rough with
my skin whenever people like beauty
gears or friends who know how to do
makeup watching you put on makeup
they're like this is why you look 400
years old because you just pull on your
skin and create wrinkles okay
Victoria at smile for Colleen said are
you still considering doing shows as
your stuff button you should ask because
last yesterday's last yesterday ended in
four I spent a lot of time in my car and
I hate being in the car like I hate
being in the car so much but I
especially hate driving um because when
you're driving you can't like I can't
like be on my phone or my computer to
like be working so when I'm driving all
I can do is think and I had a lot of
time in the car this weekend because I
was driving to and from Krista's house
because he lives far away from me
because we're writing scripts and um so
anyway I was thinking in the car and
like singing show tunes and stuff and I
was like I really kind of want to do a
show as myself like and I never wanted
to do that before in my whole life like
I've never wanted to do a solo show it's
not on Miranda show show it's just me
and I don't think it'd be a big show I
think I would do like a small like 100
or 200 seat theater because I don't
think anyone go um and I would sing like
whatever I want so I wouldn't be doing a
show to like try to like with him wrench
which I think what's popular or like how
to make people laugh or like what pop
songs I can do stuff like that but I
think if I did a show as me it would
just be me and my uke and then I'd hire
a pianist to come and I just sing like
musical theater stuff and so it'd be
really boring to anyone who doesn't like
no musical theater but um to me I think
it would be really fun so I don't know
we will see um what happens I don't know
when I would do this so I yeah I don't I
don't know when I'd be able to pull it
off because I'm so busy but it is
something for the first time in my life
I've been thinking about so little tuned
to text back um okay let's see what you
guys are saying
nose is so burning today infants and I
just touched my hair how gross am I like
I was like okay yeah I wasn't thinking
about it so weird I don't think I'll
actually do it said on time but um what
else y'all singing today
um Dorian
at Gilmore's coins at high releasing any
more tour dates I need a sign not yet
and I it's a bummer it's like I wish
there were more hours in the day I wish
the more days in the year because there
are so many things I want to do like I'm
really excited to go back to Vancouver
and shoot haters back off I'm going in
less than a month which is just insane
to me um I just I can't believe that I
can't believe I'm going back to
Vancouver unless some up it's bananas
but I really want to like go back on
tour tours like my favorite thing in the
whole world and yes I still use my
fingers for brushes don't come for me um
I don't have any brushes in this room
right now so I'm just using my fingers
well I use my fingers anyway even if I
purchase anyway um yeah I really want to
go back on tour and go to more places
like right now we have Tucson Arizona in
a couple of weeks and then Anaheim and
Vancouver and then um going overseas to
Oslo Norway Sweden Amsterdam uh Wales
and more like forgetting and borough
Scotland and I want more dates because I
was like there's only five shows but my
agents like Conan last time you want to
wear did too many shows you got
bronchitis and almost died so we're
trying to like make me not do as many
shows and like I don't cover um so I I'm
trying to make that happen we'll see if
I can get away with it um but yeah I
really want to do more dates and there's
been talks never allowed to tell you
guys as they always do um there's been
talks of doing some more shows over see
is not in the Europe location but more
down on des hommes later this year but
we'll see if that actually happens it
just depends on like Netflix and when my
show comes out and if I have time to go
over um though I have no idea we'll see
see oh my God look at look at how about
this looks y'all don't count I'm up in
Utah as Sophie said is our hashtag you
know there never is mm huh Beth said
you're literally going to all the
countries attached to England but not
England sort yourself out I know but I
just did England um last year so I would
love to go back I love it there but it's
hard to like figure out how to get
everywhere and make everyone happy with
the time that I have if I had nothing
else to do which is tour I'd go
everywhere in the world and I'd be the
happiest little pumpkin but since I have
so many things going on it's like
impossible so I since I just went to
England in 2016 my agents like gotta
cool it on England for a second and
we'll go back later like of course I'll
be back but just maybe not in 2017 um
but it is weird to go over there not
have a show in London like I feel like I
always have a show in London so that's
weirding me out a little bit
mmm this is horrible but who cares no it
would make this a lot easier brushes you
know what I'm not going to use brushes
and I wiped off my excess eyeshadow on
my pants but look like there were
independents so who cares um
Gianna's Gianna Bollinger said you've
never noticed me no live stream well now
I have hello I love you you're beautiful
what does your shirt say it says and
that was from Izzy it says protect
respect uh repeat and it's from army
animals which is a company I really like
because they have really cute shirts I
wear them all the time and the amount of
screenshots
is gonna get oh no oh no you little
Queens are all gonna scream shut that
and tweet it to me I hate my life anyway
so um this shirt is from this company
called army animals that I really like
and it's about protecting and raising
money for animals and homeless shelters
who need help and so um all the money
goes I'm pretty sure all the money or at
least most of it goes to animal shelters
so I think it's really cool I have a big
little heart for animals so anything I
can do to help animals I am down for and
so I love their clothes a lot and they
made me um clothes that are like kept me
outside how about that or something
something and it's gus-gus like they
made me like special clothes that had
gus-gus on them which is really cool one
sent in to me a little bit ago which is
awesome so I really like them not
sponsored by the way and we don't spot
they don't sponsor me I just like them
um let's see oh my god my mom just
texted me and said boo Blaine mom you're
a mess and oh my god um this looks so
good I just don't care anymore how can I
make this not bad using brushes okay I
just look like someone punch me in the
face a bunch but that's okay I'll
survive okay next question
I really do kind of wish I had the brush
though because this looks really bad um
yeah
here comes the screenshots and okay
there's been controversy about this
someone talked about it um people are
asking me about saying I'm a b-cup I
said I was a b-cup and a video and
they're saying I'm not a b-cup hold on
and see if I have any other makeup I'm
go away okay so a lot of y'all are we're
really mad at me the other day because
last year
um someone called me like on Twitter
someone made fun of me saying I was like
flat chested or something and I was like
I got a C cup and I like tweeted about
how the C cup um and then in a video the
other day I posted and said that I was a
B cup and now everyone's like shading me
online saying like you're a liar which
one's the truth and the truth is I am in
between a B and a C and another that's a
lame answer but it's true so I used my
whole adult life I've been a C cup like
I didn't get I didn't have boobs outside
of the itty bitty titty committee in
high school I literally had no boobies
at all and then I went to college gained
a bunch of weight in the freshman 15 it
is a real thing um and gained it
basically on my boobs and I got big ol C
cups then in the last couple of years I
lost a lot of weight and my boobs got
really small they got down to like
almost an A cup by the time I got to
like um like last like October each time
they got small and actually when you're
filming haters back off they were super
not super small they were like fine I
look proportionate they were fine I've
always been happy with that area anyway
um when I lose weight I lose it at my
boobs when I gain my idea at my boobs so
it's always fluctuating and I have been
gaining a lot of weight in the last few
months which is great I'm really happy
about it and um anyway so my boobs have
been gaining weight again but they're
like not quite a c-calm I'm talking
about this to thousands of people but
what else is new so they're like almost
there but not quite and the reason I was
like no makeup is because right before
we fell in that video it was called who
knows me best and my mom and my sister
like yours he kept I was like no I'm
actually be kept um it's because I just
gone bra shopping and in a be in a size
B bra my boobs kind of like billow out
but if I'm gonna see bra the see bras
too big and so I'm like in between the
two so I was like I'm not gonna be the
type who's like says I'm bigger than I
am so I was like oh me like this bra
that I just showed you earlier on this
livestream on accident is Abbi
um so anyway why am I talking about this
but yeah everyone was shading me for
saying I was a b-cup and then last year
I said it was a c-cup and um I just
happened to wear it like like a red
carpet event and like if I like any
event that I go to I typically wear
clothes that like lift them up so they
look bigger but I am anyway who cares
i'ma talking um let's see Jess said well
Rachel be in season two that would be
awesome I don't know though uh it
depends on if she's allowed it's like
it's not as easy as y'all think to like
get family and friends on the show it's
actually really difficult um because
there's unions you have to go through
certain rules and regulations so like my
dad was in an episode of heaters back
off and it was a fluke like I don't know
how we got away with it because you're
not supposed to do that like you're
supposed to go through all the right um
rules and laws and stuff oh we did but
it's just a lot harder with someone you
know as opposed to like hiring an extra
or hiring an actor so um anyway my dad
just happened to be there and we
realized oh my gosh it's late at night
we need an extra for the scene and we
didn't hire one what do we do and my dad
was there so rachel is going to be up on
set hopefully a lot with us and
hopefully there'll be a day where we can
like throw her in a scene or something
um but there's no we don't have any
official plans of that yet but we'll see
hopefully we can make that happen
because that'd be really fun and really
cool to have her in the show as like a
little surprise Easter egg and I brought
it up to her I was like we wrote we
wrote in a part in the show that like
maybe you could do and she's like oh I
don't want to part on be an extra and I
was like oh so we'll see what happens
maybe she'll be an extra maybe she'll be
a part I hate the color of what I'm
doing right now this is the ugliest
thing you guys luckily can't tell it's
like all um like gross in your screen
like it's all like pixelated that's what
is anyone she has probably can't tell
how horrible this looks but it's really
bad just you know it's like really
really bad oh my god
do I suck at life um anyway what else
hit earth ah gobbling while we're
writing scripts right now it's very
stressful um like extremely stressful
we're trying to we're going to be
casting new roles this week like big
parts in the show like big roles I think
you guys are going to be excited to meet
these people and I'm so nervous about
that because unless it's horrible I hope
you'll still be my friend after you see
the finished product because it's real
bad Oh No Oh Muller you know calm um and
I'm an eyeliner with me don't of the
room watch my condo eyebrows um people
ways talk about my a boroughs because
they've been through some cases um I
have never been good at eyebrows but
recently I've tried to be better at it
and this is what I use brow Zing's and
it's got like a cream and it's got a
powder and it comes with a little brush
that folds and it's really cute and I go
through these like you wouldn't believe
um but I have very thick unruly eyebrows
and this helps me to kind of make them
look like normal people eyebrows but
here's my system my brows the necessary
permission do you like Hamilton yes I do
Vanessa um Julia said sperm brow lean
rise bring the sperm brows back their
back every once in a while they finna
get appearance um hmm come key and lolli
said who's the person that walked into
Miranda's room in the last episode of
haters back off no one walks in the room
but you do hear a bell and we'll find
out what that is I know what the Bell is
I knew what the Bell was when we shot
that scene I've known for a year and I
can't wait to show you guys what that
Bell is who the Bell is what the Bell is
what's going to happen
very excited for you guys to see all of
it it's gonna be assigning the ester
said are you gonna bring back things one
day I don't know maybe but probably not
I don't think I looked good with bangs
um bangs were are hard for people with
really curly hair because you can't just
like wake up and go you have to like
straighten them and style them and um
it's it's a pain in the butt so I doubt
I'll ever do bangs again no I just don't
think I looked very good with them but
maybe I can never say another dozen
nothin Oh Bobby's look horrible today
y'all know some rough eyebrow election
and then okay we should Highliner I'm so
sad I don't I didn't bring you know when
they're in here with me um because their
management look at Amy eyeliner really
helps my eyeballs so he said how short
would you ever cut your hair I really
like on me I really like long hair so um
I don't think I would ever cut it super
short maybe someday when I'm like a mom
and I'm like wanting to have a sporty
short mom haircut maybe I'll do that but
until that day I want it long I have to
cut it again for haters back off I'm
probably gonna cut off an inch or two
and make it look all disgusting again
you see mmm
Nadia is Nadia blog said you ever feel
like you could go to a beach by yourself
and just relax and not worry about
scripts or what people think that is a
great question um I don't think I could
I think that even if I went to a beach
and tried to relax and turned off my
phone I would still be stressing about
all the things that I need to get done
but that being said I kind of liked it
that way like people always like what
can we do to de-stress you how can we
help like take some things up to plate I
really like being busy like it makes me
happy and I'm actually typically pretty
bummed out if I'm not super busy and I
don't have a lot to do um I will busy my
date it's like if I have a day off and I
really have nothing to do which happened
a couple of times and lost like not in
the recent months but like before haters
back off came out there were a couple
days right I didn't have a lot to do and
instead of just like relaxing and
watching TV all day like that is not
something I can do
like I just spaz and so I'll go to a
craft store and like start a big project
or like cook a huge dinner for my entire
family and like have a a family
get-together like the other night I was
like um I got my whole family together
and we had a game night cuz I had a
night off like I don't really like just
sitting at home and doing nothing so I
don't think I could ever like go to a
beach by myself and just like sit and
think I'd want to be doing something
with my tea but that's just me normal
weirdo
so yeah me mmm maybe is this mascara
really before it's called better than
sex we'll see about that
I'm having a hard time if I mean oh
shoot I just got mascara all over my
eyeball um if I'm being honest with you
guys which I always am um I'm having our
time with Miranda the Miranda Channel I
don't know what to do I don't know what
kind of videos to make anymore
um I love making the random videos I
think they're really fun but it seems
like lately people want to see like
storytime type of videos and um
my stuff and I don't know it's it's it's
hard to do that as Miranda because I
just like have to be straight up lying
because it's a character like it's not
like I could tell a fake story I don't
know
so what kind of videos to do so feel
like you guys so know what you like and
what you don't I tried a bunch of
different stuff in Alaska wants but I
could give you more collabs maybe this
is what I think about my Dominica go I
look gross open all these diff what you
all saying my thing or fresh it's really
annoying
um Coleen Hennis said have you picked a
winner for the purple heart friendship
yet no I have not
so I actually have oh I've been going
through all the stories oh my god you're
so odd
I've been going through all the stories
and I've had people help me go through
the stories because there's so many and
you want to make sure that we pick
people who are you know actually friends
not just trying to get a free vacation
up to LA we want to make sure it's
people who um we have to make sure we
can contact their parents because
obviously we're not going to fly out
miners by themselves we have to fly out
know their parents so um if their
parents around who a legal guardian is
we have a bunch of stuff to figure out
so it's not as easy it's just like
picking someone in deeming them it's
like a lot of work goes into it so right
now we're sorting through all the part
friendship stories and eventually we'll
get to a point where we can pick someone
but it'll take a while so I'm answer one
more and then I'm gonna go actually I'll
play you can then I'll go because that's
all I have for you
um Miguel Trejo said will you ever make
a draw my life you know I don't think I
would because draw my life is like your
whole life story and there are some
wonderful amazing incredible things in
my life and there are some things that
are really hard some things I went
through in my childhood and in my
adulthood that are hard and I don't it's
not that I'm not open to sharing those
things it's that if it doesn't involve
just me I don't think it's fair to put
that out on the internet you know like
I've seen people's drawn my lives where
they're like oh my dad did something
really mean to me or my sister did this
to me or whatever or like my friend hurt
me or whatever and um that's awesome I
love draw my life videos but for me like
I would feel bad like talking about
anyone else without their permission or
it's you know my story doesn't involve
just me and so I don't think it's fair
to tell my side story and like not let
someone else tell their side of things
that are difficult and hard in life and
um so yeah and I also wouldn't ever yeah
so I don't know maybe I'd if I could
figure out a way to do draw my life or
I'm only talking about myself and only
talking about the positive things I
would um but I don't know I maybe I'll
have to think about but that's why I've
never really wanted to do it is because
I'd rather focus on the positive happy
things and maybe there's a way I could
do a draw my life that's all positive
and happy um I don't know I don't know
I'm saying anyway I don't think I would
um but I'm gonna play this song for
y'all I'm gonna go yourself which I sing
let's see what Ashley's like there's a
someone I really like that was playing
yesterday I almost did it for singing
Saturdays on this channel and then a
change in mind and posted the other one
mmm here we go
okay so here we go don't think this is
the right chords that I always play
yesterday I did sorry guys alright give
me a second yeah this is what I did okay
this is cute little song and the viewers
are dropping off so that means it's time
to go
that's all other guys hope you have a
great day and choose happiness be nice
to people everyone around you will
always always be kind and um yeah lift
people up don't drag them down last
short love you have a great day okay
