the guys so it's been a while since I've
logged on this vlogging Channel I missed
posting stuff on here and I'm so busy
right now and the writers and for haters
back off that I'd only have time to vlog
the idea of doing singing Saturdays so
every single Saturday on this channel
I'll upload some of me you know on the
ukulele or maybe my keyboard just
singing a song you guys don't like
singing videos you don't have to watch
there's not me trying to like be a
singer or trying to like be a musician
online I thinking is something I love to
do and it's fun and I just want to start
sharing it online yeah I probably want
you to do full songs I'll probably mess
that most of the time when I do this
it's just for fun for me so today I'm
going to do shape of you by experience
all over the radio yeah
and if you liked this video give a
thumbs up yeah I am a classy lady leave
a comment below tell me what you want me
to play next on singing Saturdays and
I'll see you guys
