is this working y'all let me know uh
tweet me if you guys can see me on here
I just realized I need to trade my
million plaque for my vlog channel nope
um this is working I'm pulling it up now
see I'm gonna write that down to get my
plaque plaque okay so I wanted to do a
live stream right now okay you guys can
see me okay it's working yay um so I'll
be checking comments on here no they're
gonna roll faster they're crazy and also
on Twitter I wanted to do a live stream
hi tits okay that is a lot of poop my
boobs have gotten bigger y'all they just
keep growing I also went to UM the
Troy's Secret yesterday and apparently
they just don't make bras that aren't
push-up bras anymore like it is
impossible to find bras that don't have
4,000 pounds of padding these are like
the broad I'm wearing right now was like
the least amount of padding I could find
at Victoria's Secret other than like you
see they're gonna get like a ton of
padding or you get a bra that's
literally just like a little thin tissue
sheet that your nipples would just poke
through and break so um I had to go with
like a slight push-up but now my boobs
are looking like massive and sorry
anyway so the reason this live stream is
called help me is because two reasons
one I want your help with I think I just
exit out with my own live stream see I
want your help with video ideas so I
love you guys tweet me some video ideas
but also I desperately need to like wear
clothes that are what normal people wear
like I'm such a mom and I dress like a
mom and I don't care about clothes at
all
um so I'll see you be fun like something
I used to do with my friends in like
high school who's we'd go into a store
and like awesome gonna put on my makeup
right now so you guys could watch me yet
I used to go and write them all with my
friends and pick out outfits for each
other and since I don't have any friends
anymore I only have a cat
I'm just getting reference but they're
all so busy and this is not something I
would probably ever do I thought what if
I had you guys send me like not so many
clothes but send me um like links to
clothes that you think I should wear and
I buy them and then you like I do
another live stream in a couple weeks
when I'm gonna get them all to like show
you guys what you picked out for me I
thought that would be fun is that weird
probably but who cares we already
established that I'm a weird person um
so yeah I was shopping online for some
new clothes because llamamos looking
crusty these days and um I don't know I
feel like I don't understand clothes
like I don't understand fashion and how
people know what looks cute and what
doesn't like I go into a store and I see
bunch of clothes and I go
those are clothes like I don't know like
what goes with what or what's cute or
what's not so anyway I thought you guys
could send me links to like clothes that
you think are cute and they can be funny
or like legit like requests I probably
won't know the difference but I'll buy
whatever is like the most liked or
something on Twitter or on here and buy
them and then we'll do like a fashion
show it'll be really stupid and lame and
pathetic of me not of you I put too much
foundation on my hand
anyway um we'll consider this a bathroom
banter which is a thing I used to do all
the time a couple years ago where I
would just turn on the camera and just
talk to the camera as I was getting
ready in the morning um and that's what
I'm doing right now even though it's not
morning but I worked a bunch today but I
did two videos one of my videos is
uploading and I need to come up with a
couple more video ideas because I'm
shooting tonight more so it was like
well I'm getting ready for the day with
makeup I can ask you guys what kind of
videos you want to see
and no you so I'm gonna go to Twitter
see what y'all are saying and look at my
 when I was leaving today isn't
getting so big he's so sweet he's such a
cuddle bug he's doing sweet aren't you
the sweetest he's seriously my best
friend how pathetic is on you guys not
you guys know what it's like if you have
a pet if you have a dog or cat you know
that's like they just become your best
friend like he seriously is the best in
the whole world don't go anywhere stay
with me okay um someone said you did it
twice wasn't me oh okay Jacqueline
Coleen's babe said what's the price of
the internet free friend thing spill
okay so I've got this idea a few weeks
ago and I've been wanting to do it and
trying to figure out a way to do it and
I think I finally figured out a way so
if you won't call me on snapchat any of
you you will have seen my like long
story today or do like kind of like a
long rant talking on a rant that's not
the right word
but I was just talking about um an idea
that I have because I love sorry I'm
gonna look like a monster while I'm
talking to you guys but you should have
tipped over um I love the idea of like
how you guys just a lot of you become
friends how does anyone gonna take me
seriously when I do this on the internet
like you guys have made friends with
each other on the internet your friends
because you watch my videos or because
you met on Twitter or you met through
someone else's videos I see people all
the time like tweeting Joey like we met
because of your videos or um you know I
just think that's so cool because that's
like how I've met a lot of really
special people in my life is through the
internet and I love when I do shows like
um when I go on tour and I meet you guys
and you tell me this is my best friend I
met her today
because of your show we've been friends
for two years but we just know Matt in
person I think that's so cool it's like
you guys
pen pals on the internet and you meet
because you have a common liking for the
Internet
and I feel like um it's made fun of a
lot
like not you guys but or maybe it's not
maybe it's not maybe it's more normal
than I think but I know that for me when
I first started making friends online
and talking people online
um people that I know are anything fun
of it we're like you can't be trans of
someone on the internet you've never met
them like and it's just it was always
kind of looked down on for me maybe it's
not for you guys now I don't know I'm
also a lot I'm older so I don't know
what is cool and what's not I guess to
be more like an old mom but I I don't
like that like it's kind of looked down
on to like only have friends online
because a lot of people only have
friends on the Internet and I think
that's awesome so I kind of want a
reward like people who make friends on
the internet I think it's a really cool
thing so I thought of this idea I don't
want to give away the like the surprise
of what the final thing is gonna be but
basically if you guys tweet me your
stories of like if you have a friend
that you met online or you met you could
have met at one of my shows or at VidCon
or like you met just because of the
internet like in your friends because of
the Internet send me your story like on
Twitter like you can either make a video
about it or you can and tweet it to me
or you can write it out on like a note
and then screenshot it and tweet it to
me with the hashtag Purpleheart
friendship and the reason I made it that
is because um I first I wanted to be
internet friendship but I feel like
there's a lot of people who has tagged
that and I wanted to be able to sort
through like just the stories of the
people who are like people who watch my
videos and stuff so um so that's why
it's purple heart friendship anyway I'm
gonna read through all of those and I'm
doing a horrible job my rows right now
but whatever um I'm gonna read through
all of those and I'm gonna feature some
of them on a clean scorner like I'm
gonna have a clean corner video that's
dedicated to just like people who became
best friends with someone on the
internet because they watched Miranda
videos or because they just post like
Joey Graceffa or the whatever it
um and I'm gonna talk about it feature
it and then I'm going to do a very
special surprise but I'm really excited
about to kind of be like look how cool
it is to be friends on the Internet um
yeah I don't give away like the secret
yet like of what the actual like final
what surprise is gonna be I'm sure some
if you're gonna guess what this um yeah
I'm hoping I get enough stories from you
guys this week and I can post I can fill
and post that video next Tuesday
but we'll see it depends on how busy
this week it's cuz I go back to the
writers room tomorrow and lord knows I
disappeared from the internet mmmm okay
Leslie okay boy sending me stuff oh my
god okay I'm so excited
okay so this one is Lulu's okay we're
sending me close to where I already am
obsessed with you guys this is really
cute okay who sent me this Sarah Anne
sent me this cute like she showed me
this cute like romper thing that's
really cute okay I have to save that
that's so cute
when I want a chicken dinner copy link
you know back to my sales talking back
oh my god see how do you guys know
what's cute well it's not like how did
you even find that like I never would've
been able to find that send to myself
okay alright I'm back on just once I
please do a google dive video I think
that's where you like just get lost on
Google and are googling like weird crazy
things um maybe I will
I don't know I feel like I'm up I'm not
as fit like I saw Jenna's jenna Marbles
said and it was really funny she all her
videos are so incredible but she um she
did it and they like thought of really
funny things to search I don't know that
I'd be like clever enough to think of
like funny things to search but maybe
I'll try it maybe I'll shoot that today
um okay
more ripped jeans is what people are
sending you now I'm literally wearing
ripped jeans well find girls lingerie
for you ha that's funny that's pretty
nice me can't stop karaoke challenge
part 3 I don't even remember what my
first karaoke challenge was it was like
I just tried to remember the words to
songs or something no no I look that up
sorry to anyone who knows anything about
makeup you are cringing so hard right
now I had me putting on my makeup I know
it's there is me also I desperately need
to my number outs they're like a
hot mess um okay salmon labia people
keep asking for sale in Libya I mean I
rewatched the same labia video last
night or two nights ago they're so dirty
and all the comments are like I hate
this so much so I feel like if I do it
people are just gonna get mad at me cuz
those of you don't know simile idea are
characters that Corey and I made years
ago and they're really raunchy and
really dirty and people like hate it
when we do it because they're so
inappropriate but I have to find those
wigs I don't know what those wigs are
find them um maybe a shower I said
instead of clothes how about some makeup
brushes no if I make up brushes job
right let's see all right someone made
fun of me the other day because I always
say let's see I know it's a problem but
Shh
he's my funny as f Dan said I'm cringing
at your makeup tutorial he's still
cooking I showed on with your fingers I
need to come over and teach the boys no
just
I feel like when I use brushes it
doesn't get it on fast enough or like on
thick enough like it always just like
floats around everywhere and it doesn't
actually get on my eyes I don't know I I
was gonna make a video about like how
awful I am at makeup and how I like
watch beauty crews and try to do what
they do and like just fail miserably I
don't know that anyone will watch it or
be able to relate because I feel like
everyone on the planet is able to do
their makeup except for me they just
don't know how to do it um but it well
okay let's see oh I keep saying let's
see how many times let me see let's see
in this live chat it's Brenda I won't
even my clothes so it's good fashion and
dance bring mama going into bed my mom's
not here can do more science experiments
maybe I could try to figure out a
science experiment I don't know to
people watch this so I don't know that's
the problem is I don't know what people
are watching like what do you guys want
to see cuz I feel like every type of
video I post people are like I hate that
so it's like if I do Queens corner
people are mad though I did a cleanse
corner if I do like tasting beds or like
here there's no talent on YouTube
anymore all people do is taste food I
never know what to post anymore
because I feel like everything I post
people just hate so I'm not complaining
I just would like to know what people
want to see cuz I'll make whatever you
guys want to see I just feel like I
don't know what you want to see so I
don't know what to make yeah no no I'm
fine okay do how to play ukulele
that's it would be on skip video
Ethan try said I remember when I thought
she could do makeup yeah that's
Harmelin see skits skits what does that
mean skits that could mean so many
things oh my gosh I wasn't sending you
the ugliest clothes on purpose to be
mean arias shot game every time plain
says let's see you take a shot um send
me some questions I can talk about while
I'm putting on makeup because right now
I'm getting a lot of clothes which I'm
excited to go through how to make a
youtube video how to play the lily
challenges let's see I said you can't
dang it I always say let's see
everyone's sending me pictures of
clothes I'm excited how's your shoulder
it's okay hmm how are the house leaks
they're better they're pretty much
patched up except y'all I gotta move um
the leaks in my house are pretty much
patched up except when they patched up
the leaks be like mess of the
electricity so now the lights all
flicker in the house I think when there
were leaks they were like doing damage
to the electric stuff I don't really
know I don't know how that works it's
all like science mumbo-jumbo to me but
anyway um yeah so there are these leaks
in the house and they fixed it but they
made more problems now my TV doesn't
turn on the outlets don't work
downstairs so it caused all these other
problems but my house doesn't leak
except Corey's room this morning was
leaking so they didn't completely fix it
because now there's still more leaks oh
my god how do people do winged eyeliner
this looks so bad well what an
entertaining live stream
um yeah
Cory's room is now leaking which is
crappy I just want to move like so bad
but it's so hard cause like I'm in the
middle of doing heaters back off and in
order to get a new Clarisse have to sell
this place which is a lot of work but I
don't trying for it was really really
really gonna move we'll see if I'm able
to do that before I really can about
that probably not anyway rambling about
nothing now I've got I lie not only my
face
so that's jump did you ever decide if
you're gonna shave dust like a lion I
don't think I'm going to I think you
would hate it
try not to sing a long challenge I've
seen that online I could try that I feel
like I'd be able to do it though like
we'll say it's hard but I feel like I'd
be able to do it no problem
like it's easy an awesome right I
watched like two videos with it and I
was like how are these people sing I
guess the singing launched on was really
put on like some of your favorite music
and you just have to like not similan
with it and I'm like I don't know
sorry I mean oh this is really boring
but winged eyeliner is impossible how
bad that looks can we talk about how bad
that looks horrible
hmm so I'm going up to get someone said
when are you going up to Vancouver I
don't know when but it's pretty soon and
my eye looks so bad I'm wind I um
so I am going to do that Coover and
moving its cam down again and I'm
probably going up um sometime in April
or something and I'll be there until
probably four five months we shoot for
two months and then I'm there for
post-production because I help with the
editing stuff you guys my makeup looks
so bad it's like unbelievable Wow
who let you out of the house who taught
you how to do makeup you look like trash
sorry just talking to myself but I'm
excited to go Cory's gonna go up with me
Gus is gonna go up with me so
interesting me alone really great VidCon
yes I'm going to VidCon I'm very excited
I don't know what I'm doing there yet
but I do know that I have a show down
the street from VidCon that about Friday
night so like when everyone here at
VidCon you can just pop down the street
it's like one mile away and you can come
see my live show if you want to but I'm
very excited about they come last year I
went and I performed with Steve and Eric
who are two people on my show that was
super fun so this year I don't know what
I'm gonna do if I'm going to perform or
do Q&A or panel or meet greet I know
that I have a live show down the street
that week so we shall see but it would
be fun
I love VidCon so much I think it's going
to be a blast
can't wait guys this looks so bad
oh my gosh people are so many cute
clothes
have you seen kinky boots I have some
kinky boots I wanted to see it when
todrick was in it on Broadway but
todrick is my friend and he is just lead
in that show he's super talented um but
I don't know that he's still in it and
also I don't think I'll be able to go to
New York anytime this year which really
bums me out cuz I don't know New York
City
show us Gus Gus pushy cute little
willow your eyeballs are dirty his eyes
get so dirty any of the clean amount is
so dirty
that didn't even work okay sorry I know
this is the most boring but Schumann
universe Alice said what's your most
favorite memory from haters back off I
think just like I always say this by
hanging out with the cast like they're
all like so sweet and so fun and I think
that's my favorite memory just being on
set and laughing every single day with
them was like so so so much fun um and
having my brother up there and his kids
is awesome too cuz I got to you know
some of it is so bad I know you don't
tell me whatever hmm you didn't make a
hashtag I never do that was from Alyssa
boo Blaine I know my tits are out to
trot today anymore USA shows this year
yes I have a show in Tucson Arizona on
April 1st I'm very excited about that
and then I have a show in Anaheim in
June a bichon Vancouver in May and I'm
didn't have more later in the year but I
don't know we don't know nothing's
confirmed yet I'm really wanting to go
overseas because I haven't been over in
a while
I mean I was there last year but like to
other cities so I go to other cities we
will see though I don't I really I love
to our intuition with everything the
whole world and even just like being
home I love working on haters back off
and I've loved going to the writers room
every day it's really fun but I do feel
like this my job isn't youtuber it's
pretty lonely like it's hard to just be
home alone like editing and filming and
being on tour and meeting you guys in
person is always so it wonderful
so nobody want to go back on tour it's
my favorite holiday come back to Dublin
even though you're just here but I miss
you I miss you and I'd love to come back
to Dublin I don't know if that's gonna
happen this year but um trying to make
as many stops as possible like overseas
but I don't know exactly where we're
going yet come to the east coast come to
Chicago no there's so many people mmm
Taylor said it wonderful ever knows me
hangar or what it I'll I said you really
confuse me
why would I do I think if he isn't me
too by the way I'll be in today's Girl
Scout cookies so that's good
this is the weirdest like string what a
day like Shane have literally nothing to
talk about okay
waiting for my Miranda video get it
how's your arm doing changing the what's
now it's okay it's getting better
um it hurts this week cuz I got my shots
on Valentine's Day
put a romantic date coming which by the
way my shot doctor is so weird I love
him to death
like he's my favorite doctor I'm a bride
but he's giving me shots and I was like
hey Valentine's Day happy Valentine's
Day and like kept making jokes about how
it was Valentine's Day and I was giving
these shots and he gave me this one shot
that was really painful like shot me
like super deep like in here I was like
oh my god hurts so bad I was like on
Valentine's Day he's like that's some
Fifty Shades of Grey right there and I
was like oh like he made fifty Shades of
Grey joke because yeah it was really
weird but he's like the nicest guy in
the world and he's like this awesome
weird old man I adore but it was really
weird anyway like anything he want to
make would you ever make a music video
that's from Scott because my boobs need
to get allies like well I'm gonna get my
cat no I don't think so I I might make a
like I'd make a good joke music video
it's Miranda but I'd never make a music
video for real as me because I just
couldn't take myself seriously I don't
think are you gonna lay down are you
gonna run away what's your plan what's
your plan Stan do you guys think I think
he's gonna jump as soon as I stop
scratching his neck would you plan that
a he's somebody why did you stop
stretching my neck okay what liquid
lipstick are you using
it's NYX Cosmetics it's a matte lip
cream it's my favorite and the color I'm
using is who knows I remember um but
it's like a maroon II purple but it's my
favorite I use them every day it's like
the only lip stuff I use is NYX matte
lip cream
so I said your genes I'm yelling throw
that away
no I love these jeans everyone's making
fun of my jeans because they're old and
gross and have holes in them and I
really need to avoid I don't want to owe
kind well my cats me where it sounds
recreate some of Rachel's musical ease I
hasn't Rachel only done like - do you
miss poutine he's I do that's from Reds
Ballinger yes I do
miss poutine I can't wait to go back
Alex said video idea of full length
defying gravity - not gonna happen the
mascara sand let's know what mascara I
was using it's they're real from benefit
look how bad that winged eyeliner looks
it looks so bad even anyway okay so you
guys start sending me um
your new purity has send me some outfit
ideas cuz I'm gonna start buying some
stuff
um do you miss Christmas I do miss
Christmas so much Christmas is my
favorite okay why not full-length
defying gravity no no I just don't want
to I don't like filming myself singing
as myself and putting it online cuz
whenever I do everyone just like hates
it and then I really love singing and
it's something I've always done my whole
life and it's what I went to school for
like in college like I went to college
for singing wanted to be in musical
theater and Broadway and opera like I
love to sing and so it's really hard for
me to put myself out there as a singer
and see just people be like you suck so
I'd rather just have it be something
that I do for me and like that I love to
do on my own time like with my ukulele
and just really enjoy it as opposed to
like what people tell me just ride so I
just rather not I don't know and I can't
take myself seriously like seeing
defying gravity
in a video I feel like I just couldn't
do that I couldn't take myself seriously
enough to do it um yeah so I'm Justin
t-shirt this is queefer mmm what's this
uh see I'm like I just don't understand
how you guys know what isn't like I'm
literally looking at these links so you
guys are sending me of clothes that
people like that I should buy and it's
like clothes and I'm like confused by
because like you could be joking and
like totally trolling me and I would
have no idea like I don't know what
clothes are cute and one aren't make
everything looks the same to me like
it's all just clothes yeah that's a
weird thing to say but it's true anyway
is nice well my video is done uploading
okay my Miranda video is done uploading
so I need to go deal with that and
upload it this was the weirdest
livestream in the world thanks for
hanging out me for this bizarre boring
as livestream but I love you guys thanks
for hanging out continue to send me like
video ideas and um like clothes that I
should buy if you think that'd be fun
like a fun video to do like you guys
picked out these clothes and I'm gonna
try them on for you so yeah I love you
guys and I'll talk to you soon
