it's a new dawn it's a Monday what's up
guys it's the final show Puft where
we're Pensacola Florida my dad left this
morning but my mom's still here at my
own sing with me till we leave tomorrow
morning um and they're coming for me I
was over Nicole now so I've got my muse
phonetic I've got my child and I'll pull
the flu mommy I've got my haul cock-up
it should I've already had some airborne
my body usually does this after a tour
like it's like go go go crazy schedule
my waters good who's like holding on by
a thread
and then right when it's over Mobius my
body's like oh thank god now would you
get sick what is happening what is this
oh my god that is so cute they're like
heavy-duty here to do I want unless you
love it I love it thank you
so I remember back meuk last year back
year last year we raised together
$40,000 for childhood cancer together
and I'm so proud of you guys and the
company I decided to join some money to
is called Family reach and I heard about
that from Camille and basically what
they do and Camille friend of mine who I
met because she came to one of my shows
and she has cancer are not anymore but
anyway she told me about this company
that helps her family out and what they
do is instead of like paying for
hospital bills they pay for his family's
other bills because a lot of times it
happens with kids of cancer is the
family can't they pay for all the
medical stuff and then they don't have
money to pay for their electricity or
for food and so this company family
reach they pay families builds of kids
who have cancers and they can't afford
it so basically up people from family
region are here today and I haven't
given you guys an update
I haven't given you guys an update on
what happened with that money that you
all donated and it's been going to
families it's been going to different
family my mom really it's going to take
a while I'm talking about children
with cancer and flush the toilet anyway
the money has been going to tons of
different families in need and tonight I
get to meet one that family reached flew
out this little girl named Emma and
Camille actually the girl who told me
about family reach so Camille and Emma
are here tonight and I'm really excited
to see them yeah yeah yeah
welcome Aeons amazing to do so
inspirational to me and she's just um
personal to me because I met her
anything I've ever did nutella Hitchens
is what I would do
I don't know environment into the side
cabinet building I love they don't
understand that really freaking
destitute I have everything a car a
family shelters and it's because the
parent chooses babies top and hey go to
work so the fact that you either brought
that to light and a lot of so many more
people yes on the Genesis not anything
to do ever yeah yes there is that okay
I'm here with Emma and Emma sister paid
that and Camille hey boy hey boy you
I'm so excited me Emma I've been wanting
to meet Emma or so long I got a video
sense of Emma finding out she's going to
come to my show me me and I'm so excited
I'm so excited I guess me and we're
finding out we have the same colors or
both of us miss chocolate or amazing
this one I mean we already knew this
about me and Camille like Camille's
actually my son in my phone Camille is
Camille my son so who I have my son and
I have my choice so I'm happy camper but
we're about to go to the meeting great
answers we're coming to benefit all
Eleni comadre
is killing me hazard a I got to meet
Emma which is amazing and I got to meet
me so I got to hang out with Camille
again so I just kind of explained the
sitch to you guys so I'm at Camille at
my Miranda
camp to august agos like a year and half
go and she was holding a sign that said
I skipped my chemo to be here and just
she just was so her story was so
inspirational to me and she's just such
an awesome girl we became friends and
she's the one who's inspired me to raise
money for childhood cancer and raise
awareness for childhood cancer so it's
all kind of things to camille so she
like she's like my little angel she
means a lot to me and so she actually
told me about this company called family
reach which is where I donated all the
money to that you guys don't need it
and what they do is they raise money and
give money to families who can't pay
their bills so like a lot of times moms
will quit their jobs or lose their jobs
because they're always at the hospital
with their child with cancer or deaths
and so half the income in the home is
gone or all the income in the home is
gone and they can't pay their bills and
they can't pay their rent they can't pay
for food and so family reach actually
takes money and helps these families
fighting cancer they help them pay their
bills and it's really cool because it's
something that people don't really think
about reading about someone with cancer
you think hardly appear for the medical
bills
anything about them getting medicine
which is all very important and to go
for my birthday I donated all the money
we raised to st. Jude's for that exact
reason because that's all very important
too but this year we do need to family
reach because I feel like this is
something that people don't think about
like how do people pay for their bills
when they're spending all their money
and time at hospitals so I think Family
Reach is super awesome program and I'm
really happy to be working with and you
guys your money is helping people like
Emma hurt some of the money that you
guys donated went to helping pay their
mortgage and pay for their house which
is incredible and it also helps other
kids with cancer and paper their
mortgage for the house and it helps buy
a car for a family who needed a car with
a small child cancer so all of the money
that you guys have donated is being
spread amongst all these different kids
with cancer who need help paying for
their bills and are
and cars and all the cool stuff so you
guys are making a huge difference in
people's life by donating whether it was
five dollars or $100 whatever you
donated it helped and that is incredible
and I'm just today I was just reminded
of how proud I am of you guys for
raising so much money so you guys are
incredible
although saying all this with my mother
is just curling my hair anyway it was
really nice to meet him on it was really
good to see Camille and it meets people
at family reach and I'm really proud of
you guys
and you don't just have to donate or
learn about childhood cancer on my
birthday when we're doing the
fundraisers you can do it all year so
put the information to family reach
below and you just go check that out and
yeah pretty much it I'm gonna do a show
and then we're going to drive the
airport so done tours over
I'm home and I am so sick like so so so
sick it happened I'm like a span of 12
hours it was crazy coughing up a storm
like can barely breathe I am in so much
pain and I have a show and represent on
Wednesday Monday right now
Oh bah bah bah yeah so I'm like freaking
out because as of right now like this is
as high as my voice goes like singing is
not going to be an option but I'm home
with good aren't I
you have you seen me back you know did
you poop on the floor today yes good you
did poop on the floor today I'm gonna
kiss me with your poop mouth you smell
did you eat your poop because it sounds
like you would try to eat your poop and
Rachel's here well did you try to eat
poop today are good mmm
twinning and I'm home I'm on tour with
me
everyone who came to the shows you guys
are awesome I love you and I don't know
when I'm gonna vlog next because
starting tomorrow I'm going back to the
writers room every single day so that's
kind of boring footage Oh walk here and
there love you guys see you later
