both of y'all we implant in common
so today I Skype into the writers room
who's a little so to do that I was
awesome it's nice to be able to like
help write and stuff I really like our
show and I think we're about in this
contract and show at it
I have like two vlogs at it so I need to
catch up the venue that we are in today
so confusing
okay I'm like anime like this where am I
just my shoe oh this date is cool like I
lead you I like all the balcony that's
freaking out and according to so Tom
sitting in the front row ready for
insertion
what up y'all so the theater was so cool
tonight it was such a fun show the only
problem was like there were no stairs to
the stage so when I would call someone
up to the stage it literally took like
six hours they like have to go back
stage and like walk all around the
entire perimeter of Texas and then they
were allowed to come on the safety like
took so long it was crazy but doesn't
that it was liquid on the theater had
like all these cool lights on all the
balconies it was super sweet I loved it
but now we're driving to Nala we are at
a truck stop which is like my favorite
thing at work and we really okay so
apparently there's an RV tear and I'm
stoked because I would love me some
nasty gross questions so we got RVs and
Cory got a Joe mocha shake and when I
turn with jamocha so this is crazy
but we found a very depressing game room
that's all dark but we have this chronic
hole very good core which I go for I'm
going to call some cranium me I know big
that's the game that's a trick yeah
what is it any screenshot though come on
squeeze please
it literally slip they're like a blue
Spadina okay look what a grip ah bummer
I'm Anita Marvin go to sleep so you uh
know um hi guys so it's a couple days
later now but I wanted to add a little
tags and as this vlog to make a quick
little apology because I in the couple
days ago I've posted a vlog talking
about ripping on my eyebrow hairs and in
the video I was like I feel like crazy
like why am i ripping on my hair not
realizing that that is an actual like
disorder that people have where they rip
out their hair
it's called tricho tillow mania I think
that's how tri-coat illa mania I can't I
don't know how it's pronounced but
that's what this disorder is called and
it's people who rip out their hair and
it's a real thing and it's serious and I
can't even imagine living with something
like that that sounds like such a it
would be such a struggle to have to live
with that and I was in no way making fun
of people who have that or saying that
you guys anyone who has that is a crazy
person I was simply saying that I ripped
out some of my hair and I was telling
you how I felt to my personal experience
with that and I apologized for finding
anyone and I apologize for my ignorance
to that disorder I'm sure there'll be
plenty of other situations moving
forward in my career online where I will
accidentally say something that offends
someone else and that's just part of
life and I hope that you guys appreciate
and respect me enough to know that like
I'm human and sometimes I'm ignorant and
don't know about certain things that
sometimes I'm going to say things on
accident just like you do what's
important is that when things are
brought to your attention you you and I
and everyone can be humble enough to
look at the situation and go oh and now
I can learn from that I didn't know that
before and now I know it and now I know
not to say things like that and I hope
that you guys will be able to forgive me
and take me and
channel for what it is I'm just a human
I'm just a person and I'm living my life
and I'm learning things just like you
guys are learning things and I'm going
to make mistakes just like you guys make
mistakes and I would hope that you don't
hold those mistakes over my head for the
rest of my life unless of course I'm not
willing to learn from them and grow and
become a better person from my mistakes
thank you for bringing it to my
attention for those of you who brought
it to my attention kindly and just
wanted me to know and we're informing me
thank you
listeners music playing in my dressing
room right now well I just wanted to say
that I don't know why this horrible
music is playing I apologize for rid of
a moment happy guy and
