everybody so I'm in San Antonio and
today's our day off and as you can see
it's already like pretty dark outside
because my days off aren't really days
off so it is now 6:05 I've edited videos
both videos met with the writers room I
got to
Skype it into the writers room today in
LA so everyone is at the writers room
writing season 2 and I Skyped in
studying right now I'm trying to quickly
pause to make up because we are in San
Antonio and we're leaving in a few hours
and I want to be able to see a little
bit of the city at least but something
tragic happens last night I was hanging
out Heather and I've been very stressed
lately because of mobile of reasons I
think that's why I did this but last
night I was laying in bed talking to
Heather and was literally ripping out my
eyebrows like ripping them out and I
didn't know why I was doing it I knew I
was doing it I was conscious and aware
the other thing is I was just like
ripping out my eyebrow hair it's like a
freaking crazy person and so now in this
eyebrow there's like you can't really
see because I've already kind of drawn
them in but there's like a whole you
can't really tell I'll have to take off
my makeup tonight and show you but like
this is like all makeup because most of
it is gone I'm a crazy person yeah I
didn't know I was doing I think it's
just it's not like de-stress I don't
know why why do people Republic hair
like that's
I feel like there's a reason behind that
and it's kind of weird okay I'm going to
try to color in my eyebrows and I'm
going to go ham and womp
alrighty guys we are walking around a
Shannon Tonio and it's so pretty it's
like a little river walk throughout the
whole city and it runs things like
Disneyland like we're just taking a walk
along the river and it is the cutest
thing the world I love it there's a
birds of Turpan there's margaritas being
drunken so Sam someone's trying to get
out of the shot
yeah we're just kind of walking around
before we have to drive to a stop
okay the next time I'm not wearing
makeup I'm going to show you my eyebrow
good it's actually not that bad
it's not as bad as I explained it and
the higher remember I remember like
never saw it I was like oh my god but
like this top section is just missing
like my whole eyebrow was the shape
because I was like ripping out hairs
aquila thinking it looks like a sperm
which is what BuzzFeed made fun of me
for today yesterday um but because
article and talked about how we all used
to like plug her hairs look like sperm
and like I've literally have reverted
back to that because I was ripping on my
eyebrows
well it is horrifying so I'm going to
draw
on right now and put on my face okay I
have my makeup done now my eyebrows are
on where I'm gonna try to do daily vlogs
again I know I totally slacked the last
week I'm really sorry but just things
were getting crazy with Netflix stuffs
which I'm really excited about but I get
to go back to work and start working at
season two but yet now I'm on tour and
again what I mean cling to another model
tour committing me I got this new hat
and really excited about that has a
unicorn or rainbow unicorn on it and I
also got this sweater that has this
little heart on it how freaking cute is
that this I got this because it made me
think of you guys because a lot of times
in the pictures that we take at the main
Greece you guys want to do like hearts
with me and when I'm on stage a lot of
times I'll do this or this you guys and
you guys do it back so when I saw this
it just made me think of you and that's
one scorning of a girl I don't give a
little so yeah I love this we're all so
it's super freaking soft and you all
shade me all the time online for buying
the cheapest clothes on the planet but I
like I don't like spending money on
clothes and so I always drop it like H&M
for over 21 and like stuff like that so
this is from forever 21 if you all want
to go get one and we can be matchy match
it was cheap too I think it was like
definitely under 20 bucks anyway I'm
going to go into the seat and I'll drink
my iced coffee that tastes like that
party so I'm temmie going to
and then you are you away and if I hated
you like I do right now
oh you ain't it makes me close in the
best days and the levels of the bars but
I damn my friends at the table doing
shots trampled on meet and greet I'm
going to drink I'm hungry
I need to find something to eat
Oh I mean cream in five minutes so I'm
going to go find you really want cookie
and I don't think we have any cookies
backstage but usually after the meet and
greet someone has given me cookies and I
need them all but I don't think we have
any backstage these are not cookies
cookies different some cookies I have
four mentions these looks like
reciprocated Agron throbbin dark Maggie
onion reading I need to find one
country's next grant the firm Robyn
local teens I feel like a great a big
person I'm really want freaking cookies
never got my cookies I'm about to meet
some cookies let's do this okay I just
finished meeting group which is super
fun and so many people brought me
cookies I just ate five cookie like
literally everyone brought me cookies I
got mrs. Fields Cookies homemade cookies
Girl Scout cookies you guys clearly know
me so well I'm going to gain so much
more weight on this tour just cause like
I've literally been living off with the
cookie if you guys bring me to meet
great that was so much fun I love me and
greets it's genuinely like one of my
favorite parts my whole job is doing
mini greets and like the QA and like
talking you guys and hugging you all
makes me feel so good and today I felt a
little bit off for many reasons I was on
tour a year ago we're performing a lot
of sting venues that I've performed in
the past and a year ago I performed in
this venue we this brings back a lot of
memories some good memories and some not
good memories and so I just kind of felt
funky today and kind of sad and it was
just so I don't know it just always
lifts my spirits makes me feel so much
better when I get to meet you guys and
talk to you and hug you and like so no I
just I feel like I got a like a boost of
energy and happiness and love after
every time I have me greed that's how I
feel and
yeah this or is it and thanks for all
cookie
show is over this is one of my favorite
thing about theatres is when everyone's
gone and the theaters empty and dark and
they just have to go slide on here's
what that is is it's about a go it's a
go flight you keep the light on for the
ghosts in the theater should sing a song
go staff had apostle closed in my goes
give me again soul go spin apostle girls
get in my soul
okay we got it off but I'm not one to
say hi during the night which totally is
annoying but I'm gonna stop me
