I'm in Arizona
I did not vlog at all today we drove
through the night to Arizona woke up
here and got to the theater the theater
is like in the round so it's super
different than what I'm used to I'm used
to just like a normal theater but this
one there's like people all around me
which is super strange but I'm excited
for the show hopefully I'll vlog about
something interesting after because I
just didn't walk today it was just feels
like I'm vlogging the same things every
day and I don't know how it's
interesting for you guys to see me like
be on the bus think it to us here do a
sound check and then do me great and
then do a show and then that's all vlog
like every day so what do you guys want
to see I don't know you guys want to see
that or I mean should I only I feel like
I should only film if something happens
which nothing interesting really
happened however the meet and greet
today was really fun and there are a lot
of incredible presence including like
there's a lot of froze toast stuff and I
got we got bowling shirts someone made
us a bowling team shirts cuz we went
bowling the other day and they put our
names on the shirt so next time we go
bowling we have bowling shirts which is
so cool
okay guys should I just send it one
really one I'm gonna go say hi to
everyone outside here we go
okay the show was super fun tonight I
had a blast even though it was really
weird that she was like like I said
before it was in a round so it was weird
I felt like there was someone behind me
so it was kind of hard to do the show
also there was no set list on the stage
usually there's like a list of songs
that I'm supposed to do so I know what's
gonna be next and it wasn't on the stage
tonight so I was like trying to remember
everything that happens in the show in
one order and I messed up a few times
but that's good anyway tonight I got to
go out say hi to everyone which was so
wonderful I love when I get to go out
and say hi and hug you guys take
pictures so that was awesome
but now we're driving through the night
to
we have a day off tomorrow and some
super random but we're going to Texas
and you have another day off so I think
since I didn't film much today I'm just
gonna combine this with whatever we do
tomorrow but I love you guys thanks
watch it and I'll see you in the morning
I did not vlog yesterday so I did not
bother yesterday it was a day off I
don't really do much we just kind of
hung out and then we are in El Paso I
put in a weird part about Paso where
there's nothing to do and um we ended up
going bowling again cuz that's all we
ever do and now we are in Grand Prairie
Texas which is right near Dallas and the
women's marches today I'm so sad because
I want to be marching with all the women
and fighting for equality and for
women's rights and I can't but just know
that I wish I could and Heather is
coming today and I'm really excited to
see her and there's a piano in my
dressing room so I won't play it
just got off stage who's punched out
what you think Christopher Robin you
didn't watch it two thumbs up you wanted
me up you you helped me like a different
way tonight star who wrapped around the
front part of my Chris Chris and Corinne
lift me up for the resurrection and he
just holds like the bottom of my leg and
he held it frontwards and not backwards
yeah it wasn't weird I was like I did
something wrong today yeah
finish the show it's really fun and now
we are heading to Houston so I'm gonna
go say hi to the people outside by the
bus and there apparently there's like a
big gate I love whenever I get to like
go out and say hi it just depends on the
venue depending on security depends on a
million things so tonight I'm just gonna
like go out with and like film them
there's a gate so I can take pictures
which is kind of annoying but yeah
Heather's here I'm so happy
well they have I have not been blogging
at all yesterday we had a show in
Houston I didn't vlog anything I just
have a little clip from my phone of the
audience
but it's just been a crazy torn up and
so busy and now that I'm in the swing of
things we've started writing again for
season 2 so my schedule is about IMO's
but we have a day off in San Antonio
today and so yeah that's what I'm doing
and I love you guys I'm gonna try to
blog again we'll see what happens
look at my hair
