hello everybody it's the first vlog of
2018 for me and I look like this
starting off the year right
I haven't blogged in like a week and
it's weird so I was like I think I want
to walk again so I'm gonna try to vlog
today about this little one isn't
following me around everywhere today
she's obsessed with me look at your eyes
I need to wipe your eyes if you guys
notice about Persians but they have
leaky eyes and you have to they're very
high maintenance concept to be clean
their eyes and their ears she is more
high maintenance than Gus was for me her
eyes are always leaking and she has
curly hair so her stomach hair is really
curly so it's all matted it happened
like over the course of the last week so
I need to go take her and I think
they're gonna have to cut off her to
stomach her honestly to get it out
because it's really matted but anyway
she follows me around and she just meows
she was literally two seconds ago on the
couch downstairs dead asleep she heard
me walk up the stairs followed me up and
started meowing
how you know I'm kitty need to clean
your eyes okay guys I'm wearing braids
now because I'm 12 um I wanted to talk
about something I'm actually gonna put
some chair play because my arms too
killing me today okay so my battery
might die in the middle of this oh my
god my hair looks really bad oh well
anyway okay so um basically I I didn't
wanna say anything about it because I
did want to bring attention to it but I
am a youtuber and right now that word is
all over the news and not for a good
reason if you search the news right now
it says youtuber Logan Paul bla bla bla
bla bla and it really sucks it really
sucks love everyone knows by now but
Logan Paul is a youtuber who I don't
know him personally I met him once and
he was really nice when I met him I
don't know him from Adam um he's really
nice I just met him at the Teen Choice
Awards he gave me a big hug he's like oh
my gosh hey and he was really kind to me
talk to me he was lovely and walked away
and that's my only interaction with that
guy but he was really nice to me um
anyway he made a video in this like
suicide forest in Japan and he filmed a
dead body you all know this by now you
can read up on it if you want to
basically he used
someone's mental
illness and depression and darkness and
sadness and ultimately suicide this
person chose to commit suicide he used
that to make money and to give views on
YouTube
and that's disgusting that video that he
did was despicable it was gross and not
that the person who killed himself was
gross for seeing a dead person is gross
his actions were gross and it broke my
heart for so many reasons
one I get letters every single day and I
meet you guys at my shows and you tell
me that you're struggling with
depression a lot of you have told me
that you've tried to commit suicide or
you have a parent who committed suicide
or a sibling who committed suicide and I
just don't understand how anyone could
be that insensitive like it's crazy it's
so insane and makes me so sad and it
makes me so sad that um it makes me so
sad that he was using that to make money
and he says he wasn't he said I give
views I don't I didn't do that for views
I give use that's true you do get views
but if you didn't think that would get
you views then you wouldn't have put
that dead person who committed suicide
in your thumbnail well I'm a youtuber
that's my job that's my title yes I've
done a Netflix show yes I'm an author
yes I've done a lot of other cool things
but the fact of the matter is I am a
youtuber that is my title that is my
career that is my job that is why I got
to do the other things that's how I
became an actor that's how I became a
producer and how became everything else
that I am and it makes me really sad
that YouTube is going down this path
where that is what is popular and that's
what is trending and now when people
hear I'm a youtuber they'll have a bad
taste in their mouth and it's not just
because of Logan Paul like it's
constantly in the news youtuber blank is
you know horrible
abcdefg I mean there's a million
articles that have done that and it just
makes me so sad because there are good
there are good ones that are good
youtubers hair youtubers who work really
hard and make good clean content and who
do good and do charity work and like are
trying to make a difference and trying
to do good in this world and it just
sucks so hard like it makes it really
hard for us to maintain a job because
every time something like that happens
like I go into a room to try to like
write a new TV show or write a movie or
write a new book ii youtubers plastered
in front of my name because that's what
i am people scoff at me because of what
being a youtuber is now and it just
makes me I just like I don't understand
when it went from like like a three
years ago and went from like you tubers
collabing and like doing fun challenges
or like eating cinnamon you know I miss
when like zoella and I could sit down
and do a seven second challenge video
got millions of views and it was just
fun and silly and clean no bad words no
gross things no shock value it was just
friends sitting down and laughing and
having fun and I could you know be with
Tyler Oakley and like we'd be trying to
pop a balloon for in five minutes and it
like I get that now that that's boring
because we've seen it and so we need to
like up our game and I also understand
that like things change times change
life changes and you have to move this
change you can't be stuck in the past
and this isn't me saying like I wish I
could still be like that I wish I could
just sit down with my friends and like
just laugh and people would watch it
like I'm not even saying that I'm just
saying like when did it go from that to
let's film someone who committed suicide
for views like when did it go from like
seven second challenge cinnamon
challenge tag videos favorites videos to
let's light all of our furniture on fire
in a pool or let me do a diss track and
talk about how much I hate this person
or like a when did that transition
I feel like I missed something like when
did that happen it makes me sad because
it's like I
I can't do that like I can't do that
like I can't imagine like filming a dead
person for views like I cannot imagine
like the thought process and I'm not
trying to send hate towards him Logan I
don't know him he could genuinely be
sorry he could have people make mistakes
people I've made mistakes everyone makes
mistakes and sometimes people do things
for the wrong reasons maybe he maybe he
genuinely was like I'm gonna get so many
views from this it's gonna be awesome
who cares about that dead person and
then now realizes crap I made a huge
mistake I should never have done that
like maybe that's true and that's great
and I have faith in humanity and hope in
our world that like people can learn
from their mistakes and that he can
learn from his mistake and continue to
grow and become a better person and find
success like I hope that for him I hope
that for everybody I'm not the type of
holds a grudge against anyone if you
make a mistake and you apologize and
you're sincere and you want to change
become a better person from your
mistakes I applaud you and I welcome you
into my life like cuz I don't think I'm
any better than anyone I've made plenty
of mistakes and I've had to learn from
them and apologize from them and like
grow and move on so it's been really
weird being on YouTube for 10 years more
than 10 years I've been on YouTube now
and so I've been through kind of
everything on this platform and has been
really interesting watching how YouTube
changes and I really love how YouTube
changes I think it's important to change
and grow and be different I just think
we're in a phase of YouTube right now
that's really sad and I really hope it
changes again and I'm not saying I hope
it changes back to like 7 second
challenges and like hot-pepper
challenges and best friend tags I'm not
saying I wanted to go back to that like
cookie cutter fluff that was really fun
and I love to that part of YouTube I'm
not saying I want to go back to that I'm
just excited to see how it changes and
where it goes next because I don't like
what we're in right now because I'm like
I'm sick of this
I'm sick of seeing like youtuber someone
so is disgusting and the news again just
it bums me out so hard and I don't know
I feel like I'm just rambling at this
point I don't know what I'm saying I'm
just saying like I'm just talking I'm
vlogging and this happened yesterday and
I'm seeing a lot of people talk about it
online and I want to show that YouTube
can be good it can be good like you guys
raised almost sixty thousand dollars for
childhood cancer for my birthday at the
end of last year and that wasn't in the
news no one talked about that and I'm
not saying I want people to talk about
me I don't give a crap if it was me or
anyone else like I care about the kids
that were raising money for I don't want
news about me I don't care about me I'm
just saying like people you do use
YouTube for good and they do use this
platform to raise awareness and money
for things and that's what gets the
attention and that makes me so sad
that's not gonna say I don't know I'm
rambling guys hello everyone look like
I'm balding I just have a braid in my
hair Kourtney and I are currently
working on doing all of the packaging up
of all gifts for the cancer fundraiser
so everyone who donated and everyone who
donated it and I picked as a winner gets
a bunch of stuff so we're sending all
that out right now or which we're
packaging it off to send it out so
that's exciting stuff and um yeah
tomorrow Christopher is coming over to
write with me all day which is really
exciting I love writing with my brother
Bailey's coming over we're having a
sleepover for her birthday that was two
months ago that I missed good aunt um
yeah that's what working on my battery's
gonna die and I don't know where my
camera charger is so you're welcome all
right we did a pretty good job look at
all this I'm gonna have to blur out some
of these blurring out all the addresses
like stressing me out that I haven't
gotten this out yet but it was the
holiday season and we thought the post
office would be in nightmare so that's
why we didn't do it before now but I
just ate two of these for a midnight
snack because health and
that was attractive and nice thanks for
watching everyone I love you goodbye
