if anyone I and you watch you looking at
memories and you watch your life Emma
left thank you watch I look in the
mirror and man yeah right time for the
meeting great area okay we're in the
show in 30 minutes and I'll show you
guys my little routine I've been doing
for each show lately I do my makeup
which I've half done but not finished
and then um I usually listen to music
and sing alongs kind of warm up my voice
typically ariana grande because she's my
queen after you taste great and
responded listen to and I also I've been
doing a little bit of exercising issues
because I noticed the first show of this
tour I was like out of breath couldn't
talk after I did the opening fashion and
and so I need to get in shape but made
me realize I need to get in shape so
that I can breathe when I'm onstage so I
tried to work out a little bit
nothing crazy just like some sit ups and
planes and stuff and I'm really bad at
working out because I'm so weak but I
thought a true you guys really do
this campus tonight
I hear that one
okay guys show's over it was super fun
everyone's so sweet and I'm in my room
and I realize I never told you guys the
name I chose this because I didn't
really pick a name yet you guys I've
seen two names I like one of Cherise
Jones news Corey and I call everything
Cherise Jones never a mother not sure
who's jealous let's watch the other
option is Oliver because a lot of you
are salty that I did not need my cat
Oliver when the choices were between
Oliver and Gus Gus a lot of you wanted
me to name like how Oliver and I did
so maybe his name is Oliver what do you
think tell me how solo should be Oliver
or Theresa
oh my god yeah crises I'm mommy guys I'm
home I'm home for a day you can leave
about this bloopers here I'm so pissed
at me right now because I'm driving him
insane
so yeah last night we got back to my
apartment my house at like 1:00 in the
morning like that
so today editing and filming videos here
at the house and then getting back on
the bus at midnight tonight and headed
to Arizona so that's what the day is
almost get blogging today cuz I'm just
going to be like literally doing nothing
bye love you guys and I'll see you soon
I don't know if I'm gonna keep vlogging
every day on tour because it's coming
the same thing every single day I might
like film
and then like do it collaborative vlogs
with that like some solid like two days
is a vlog or three days or @ml will see
what I have time for this is a lot of
work to vlog everyday so we'll see if I
keep it up for the rest of our but this
weekend Heather is coming on tour with
me which is very exciting and the next
weekend my parents are coming so it'll
be stuff to film anyway oh you guys
