look guys okay so I am in Fresno now and
we need to talk so I finally had a
chance to sit down and read comments on
my vlog channel and I posted a video a
few days ago called how I gained 10
pounds and the comments on it are really
brutal you know I do have a
responsibility as someone who has a lot
of viewers and especially a lot of young
girls and boys watching me you know I
have a responsibility to be a good role
model for you guys and what I said in
that video is that a few months ago I
was really depressed and I was sad and I
wasn't eating which is not healthy and I
was 110 pounds and in the video I say
that was too skinny for me for my height
and my body 110 pounds was too thin
especially because it wasn't I was being
healthy I wasn't eating so I was no way
complaining about my body I love my body
I'm really happy that I'm finally
gaining weight and that I'm eating again
and it made me really sad to read those
comments for a couple reasons one
there's two different types of comments
going on here one is people just saying
like the back said I was fat you know
the skinny girl complaining that she's
fat you're giving people bad idea of
like what a body should or should look
like this is disgusting those comments
those people clearly didn't watch the
video because in it I never said I was
fat actually said I was skinny I also
never shamed anyone who is bigger or who
is smaller I was talking about my body
and I said when I was 110 and I wasn't
eating I was too skinny and now I'm
gaining weight because I'm happy and I
like that and I'm still a skinny girl so
those people didn't watch the video and
they're just going to be haters and
that's fine but there were comments of
girls um when I read said you know you
talk about having jiggle because in the
video I was like I did a little bit a
little bit more jiggle now and um she
that offended her she said you know that
she worked hard to get to the similar
way to me and to hear me say this like
that means you have jiggle or you know
which could have a negative idea to it
it would encourage like body image
issues with younger girls so that bottom
because I never want to say anything to
make any
watching my videos not like their body
or be insecure because I think every
body shape and size is beautiful I think
really really skinny girls and boys are
beautiful I think really big boys and
girls are beautiful I'm talking about my
body personally and I am a very small
girl I'm skinny and that's just I have a
very fast metabolism it runs in my
family and I'm a sin girl and I'm not
complaining about that I actually like
my body and I think it's great and I
certainly if I was a lot bigger I'd love
my body too and even when I was really
skinny and was 110 pounds
I loved my body but I wasn't healthy and
that is what is important that you are
healthy and that's what you should be
proud of if you're a healthy person and
you're taking care of your body like
that's what's important now I'm really
sensitive to this and I'm really
sensitive to the fact that people took
what I said wrong and I'm gonna take
responsibility for I'm apologizing right
now to anyone I offended or hurt by
talking about my weight gain I was made
no way I had no bad intentions but I'm
really sensitive today I know I'm
rambling but I'm really sensitive to it
because when I was in high school which
is the age of a lot of you watching I
had severe body image issues and I
wouldn't eat like I'd go an entire day
and eat a carrot and alike because I
wanted to be smaller I wanted to be
skinnier because that's what I saw was
beautiful like in media and I wouldn't
eat and so to know that like that video
could have potentially encouraged young
girls to do that like really upsets me
because I never want to do that to you
guys
I never want to make any of you feel
anything but beautiful so from the
bottom of my heart I apologize with what
I had said made any of you feel insecure
or not like your body that was not my
intentions at all like I celebrate every
body shape and size and I love my body
and even if I was a bigger girl there's
nothing wrong with that like that's
amazing shoes so anyway I just wanted to
get that off my chest before I started
to vlog today because I was reading
those
and I was really upset by it because one
I feel like my words were used against
me and were misconstrued and people are
saying I said things I didn't say like
seeing I was fat I never said that
complaining about gaining weight I
wasn't complaining I was happy that I
was gaining weight but the bigger thing
for me is that I never ever ever want to
be the reason any of you don't love
yourselves or think less of yourself
like don't ever compare your body to
anyone elses like you are your own
person and you're beautiful the weight
and look that you have right now is
perfect and oh man I just I want to just
hammer that into all your brains and
again I'm really sorry if I offended
anybody with what I said I thought was
not my intention and I am so upset with
myself that I wasn't more careful
talking about weight when I know that
it's a sensitive subject but I know that
moving forward now life I would be much
more careful I talk about any topic but
specifically a weight because I know how
sensitive that topic is and I'm a
disappointed myself like having gone
what I've gone through
knowing how sensitive that is and how
much it can hurt if you're not careful
with how you talk about it I'm
disappointed that I wasn't more careful
talking about it in my blog the other
day yeah so I just want to say to ramble
done now we will have a fun vlog okay
I'm in my room buzz and
I think what I want to do right now is
kind of clean up in here a little bit
before I go into the theater in central
song California and I'm going to go
through some of the fan letters you guys
have send to me or give it to me on this
trip because I love keep them all and
then I read them whenever I have
downtime so to explode you rock with
presences tour bus on my favorite part
is the letters so underrated
sup y'all Susanna's when komomo is it's
midnight and we are the truck stop is
there done easier there sure is
I'm gonna get some chicken tender I
thought you're gonna like say something
Ichigo mm-hmm this is Joe mocha guy's
name is Joe we call him Joe mocha and
smooth cases here you guys don't mind if
I haven't introduced you just with Kay
yet but I talked about no honey
kay there's an Arby's across the street
oh lordy McKee we're Lobby it's so
called we're going to Denny's my dog
Christopher Robin is going crazy he's
going to try to win a saml Heusen brown
bill girls don't like this is the best
one to go for oh no it's - I don't know
Koko
I don't claim which one you're going to
go for a brown pillow step take which
one are you going for
the pink you got this you got this oh my
girl Oh Oh piglet notice too far Saiga
I'm hoping oh no oh no oh you should
have gone for the fish again penguin for
sure penguin wait go towards the what
they're a little more with yours
Google over hmm no my gosh our queen is
well thirty twelve I don't know but we
just got the chicken tenders with fries
and a chocolate shake
so I'm a happy camper yeah uh-oh
whoo love you little pup who loves to
play with you who love them toss and
catch the ball what does daddy love did
you give you great big hug I love it
when we call a closing huddle night that
is
chickens are pampered clouds or
delicious
okay I'm going to pee and I'm going to
go back this is my first full night with
me on the bus every other night we've
ended up a hotel and I got off the bus
Turin so really creating too many sleep
on the bus with all night walked it's
really fun so episode I hope you guys do
just watching
Oh
