and pouring a brain okay who does good
morning that's the bed that my sister
Rachel slapped on now to the best to
this empty because she has left I'm so
sad Rachel laughs I'm so sad
I love having my family on tour with me
it's like my favorite thing in the whole
world so I'm really sad and this is the
first tour where I haven't like forced
my entire family to come with me
normally I like me Christopher Jessica
and all the kids and my mom and my dad
and like everyone just going towards you
know entire time so it's really weird
that now there's no family on tour with
me but Cory's my family he's my brother
practically in my soulmate so I'm so
happy routines who goes tour is so fun
and so exhausting and I'm just my story
just informed me that Christopher Robin
informed him that the old picture used
to have up here used to be me like
wearing less clothing like I'm wearing
like a crop top you can see like my
stomach and a little bit of the top
cause I said that the techies used to
like always be really gross product
which is gross to find out but also I'm
glad I'm covered up now I think panting
now different is nice but it's been
pretty pretty is what did a bad I never
met anyone who was different who
couldn't figure that out so beautiful
I never but it was clear wrong well not
her o least me done started
had everything beautiful at the ballet
all righty I'm listening to some Talking
Heads backstage hello Talking Heads this
is actually my favorite song of all time
really weird sick um called this must be
the place
so good home what about all the bees
that I guess some already then I must
don't look up videos finding out on for
today I left Twitter I've talked about
forums fog channel but I love Twitter
you know I love all social media love
Instagram I love snapchat but Twitter's
my favorite because I feel like it's
where I get to talk to you guys to moms
like I'm always on Twitter stocking your
accounts and like talking you guys
getting you guys so if you'll follow me
on Twitter please come follow and join
us on the Twitter fandom fun it just
feels like friends like it doesn't feel
like fans or haters or whatever I mean
that there is that there too we all kind
of make fun of each other and it's just
like my favorite place in world so
anyway on Twitter today a big handful
people change their Twitter icons to the
photo of me running around light from
like four or five years ago a long time
ago and it's the reason I started doing
a thing on my youtube channel called
coins corner which is where I asked
answer your questions every Tuesday
because I needed to pay for that parking
ticket and I didn't have enough money so
I started doing more videos on YouTube
and so everyone change their icons to
that picture me running red light so
then I start in Colleen's corner again
because haven't done done them in a
while so I'm going to film only the
corner today I don't know if it's going
to go up this Tuesday for probably next
week but yeah anyway so I've been
looking at Quinn's corner questions
I've been up to and listening to talking
and playing
my god so I just got stage tonight had I
had the scary experience I've ever had
in my life on stage
I can't tell you guys too much
information about it but we started to
show late very late later than I've ever
started show in my life basically
because we read before I went on stage
got like
I found out my life was sort of in
danger and so it wasn't safe for me to
go onstage everyone don't worry everyone
in the audience was safe we was always
like you're right safety is first wasn't
anything like that but but we found out
that this is so hard to talk about so
big I'm just gonna be so confusing you
guys but we did get like a threat
towards me and you know this happens
every once in a while we didn't know if
I was gonna be safe or not so we had to
wait and make sure I was totally saved
and just you guys now look for continued
story I was really sick everything was
safe everyone was safe everything was
totally fine
but it was just that fear of like not
knowing if I was going to be safe or not
if I got on that stage that was really
really really scary and you know we had
tons of security there and tons of
people like making sure everything was
fine and there was nobody at the show
tonight who would have hurt me or any of
you or anything everything was safe so I
know the times really really confusing
but it was just more the fear of like
not knowing that was freaking me out
so literally before I go on stage Cory
and I were standing in the wings and
Cory has gotten threats before too you
know because he's like an openly gay man
and people don't like that so anyway I
was going to give you guys more details
Matt but um
all you need to know the IOC's and you
guys were all safe in the theater
everyone is safe and everything is fine
how many times like the safe but the
fear of not knowing if I if something
was going to happen to me was very scary
like right before I went on stage to get
a threat was kind of terrifying it was a
genuine fear that like something might
happen to me or to Cory and
theory anyway huh yeah it's terrifying
Oh
we're leaving I want to say goodbye to
all my queen I love you bye
ma ma ma ma bo I did not put out the
blog last night but yeah last night I
feel like I didn't explain myself all
like yes this is such a big applause but
yesterday was a really good day
yes I'm wearing a muumuu yeah it was
just weird like to get like a
threatening terrifying my vision and be
like go on page
so anyway everything is fine
I'm fine and people are jerks sometimes
and we're trying to ruin other people's
lives and stays by me
and that's life but x8 and everyone to
see
yeah my team would never put me in
danger if you guys if you charge one of
make sure you guys understand laps why
was your ladyship
and
so yeah I'm going to equip quad not
unless you guys think is watching and
yeah I have a show tonight in Santa Rosa
and then tomorrow right now and then I
get Gus Gus or like that
