I'm Laurie bream erisa picked up one
that had a band-aid in the hole
including everybody we are at is now
what a hamburgers alem√£o and I know
them has been driving all morning I got
some for you from here to talk about
today if I got to I mean I just did it
so hopefully that I probably get trouble
for that but I wanted to look some I
like level slippers we're getting to the
now any one target a little bit of us
for like four hours
alrighty women to target and that was
fun and I've just been working doing
nothing exciting but now we're at a drug
stop
X also probably my favorite part of your
besides meeting you guys fellow story is
walking
we are in reading now take this jacket
look how small the pocket large honey
forever 21 or something like that oh it
was angle it was angled so we are in
running and there's not really anything
to do in the area that we're in right
now so we found a restaurant that's
called the cattle man's restaurant so
we're going to go there for dinner and
this is what our life is like guys our
days off we go to janky restaurants in
towns that we don't know anything about
hashtag lack of a famous we found
cattlemen it looks like it's Hobbit
so I definitely could have done bed it's
about 9:00 or 9:30 but I said here at
rush where is the day off like Blake
SoundExchange me following a lead and
we're going to go blowing Christopher
Robin and with jamocha Joe
you guys don't know Joe mocha Joe yet
but he's our technique very cool so I'm
very excited okay so we just got here
and that's jamocha Joe I'll introduce
you to him later Christopher Robin is
here and he just said they have a
t-shirts at the bowling alley the drama
continues apparently they're sold out
Robin ever surf in the first place yeah
how do you know about these shirts just
here
it seems that they actually have them
okay so we really wanted to because we
wanted to have like our own bowling team
that was like our plan will have name
I'm squeezing clean Cornelius
Christopher Columbus gemalto Joe and
we're auntie Rachel
I hate turtlenecks because it's all okay
no luck with the t-shirts they're sold
out which I understand because why
wouldn't they be sold out who wouldn't
want that
um but we found some football however
Rachel picked up one that had a bandaid
in the whole house stop right even
though we got a patron still starting a
bowling league
I love arcades I love old bowling alleys
but I love I always love to get like a
ring or something every single one is
out of order I possible is it but the
fierce tattoos are still get a ball so
I'm going to try to go on right now it's
not happening those guys only look great
I'm going to bed
see you tomorrow good night
Oh
