Korena three my 5 r7 o music waked next
year for a small problem 8 no put
Internet on the foot no good internet in
the theatres stupid internet and no
doubt my number one pet peeve about
being on tour I think it is impossible
subletting it took me a whole twenty
hours that was my first vlog tour and
now I've been trying last night upload a
vlog I'm here I'm a fan with Cory and
Rachel and they're eating their lunches
with new BFF so I got a little bit of
work done on the bus I put up some
pictures so I show a long time ago
someone like pad pictures that I had
posted on Instagram like printed out
onto Polaroid such as I was super cute
so I saved those which is up got some
other pictures up in the long and rich
and I are going to love it yeah isn't
that cool
that's really smart yeah I know it's the
coolest also I don't know if I talked
about this yesterday I think I did I got
this neat commingle sheets in this
little flamingo splash dodo bird I don't
know but we need to name him so leave a
comment tell me what I should name that
bird but I'm going to go out into the
freezing cold it's so snowy today and
we're going to find like a coffee shop
or something because we're in Portland
we got to live it up
coffee shop is much further than I
thought it was going to be and also this
little California girl does not do well
in the cold especially when I'm wearing
jeans that have holes above me that's
your fault oh my Laura Severn awful
music waked quick I know what he says
it's true more than a glass bowl of
hanging moss
I just did
soundcheck it went well I'm excited to
get on stage and do the show tonight and
tomorrow morning which was up early and
drive all the way down like to reading
icings River in tomorrow and that is
like a 10 8 to 10 hour drive which is a
gray day to tomorrow is like a day off
but we're going to be on a bus the
entire time so we have about an hour
before meet and greet which means I can
get so much done that's on Monday
already and we're about to go onstage
for show number 2 I'm excited I think it
was really fun I'm kind of different
outfit out today I'm doing a one pink
sparkly
it's very booby and I feel like I jump
around a lot in the first number so my
booth is gonna be out and proud but
listen y'all I started wearing a crop
tops and high-waisted jeans in my shows
like earlier this year and it was like
my thing so if I went for crop tops and
high-waisted jeans for this quarter then
to realize like I I know missin growth
is not me complaining I know I'm small
but I have gained a significant amount
of weight compared to what I was like
for all 2016 pretty much in the last two
months I've gained 10 pounds
I really had a couple months ago I was
110 pounds and I was 121 pounds I've
actually gained well sounds and I just
didn't even think about it I was like
what and now it's like all of my pants
and all my crops are like to small of me
like can see it's not that I'm still a
small girl um I was actually like too
skinny then but I was going through a
lot like it was hard for me to eat but
now I'm eating a lot and I gained 10
pounds since life is the biggest I've
been in like probably two years so
anyway it's not a big deal I don't
really care but I am like oh we're used
to have like a totally flat six-pack now
I kind of like have a little bit more a
little bit more jiggle which is fine I
love within jiggle I love with delicious
ladies so I'm kind of into it because my
boobs are getting bigger it's all funny
games but
doesn't mean that I'm like honey the
reason why I hope this business is a
little bit so anyway I'm trying out like
a one-piece tonight so about to go
outside your office to this rescue on
stage look what Christopher Robin this
is Christopher Robin the tour manager of
dreams and he got us widow's Jonas which
is like a staple here in part oh my god
that was mine I'm calling it I'm calling
it listen Corinne I think this is hot
air scoops Trish Trish why exhibit
literary is pink and then it's just like
oh my god salad I was so true oh my god
these are so cute look at the crunch
berries I want the cocoa puffs I want I
want this one too no both of these these
are mine I call them being cut all
horner pieces I want I want them to
sprinkle and then the is the squatter
finger that's all getting my dick I'm
eating that one I'm so excited okay
the show was so good it was someone
crazy living his life
hey we love his death tomorrow is I
guess it's called rody Friday so oh my
God look at Trish's cool what did they
call this one because of glittery and
pink and pretty and like the cutest
groups in the world so we feel like it's
our penises it's like this we should
name them so we have all these amazing
voodoo doughnuts we have level down
which I'm not interested in I just pay
them away classical
I'm excited this time
hello oh yeah oh come now this world
come on try clapping money hasn't won
two rulers incredible Captain Crunch oh
my god I'll advertise our cocoa puffs is
pretty good too this is just a big old
bleeding eNOS so I'm not interested I'm
like this was my favorite I'm gonna
scope out a few times
Thank You Portland Thank You Buddha I'm
having up
