scornfully look at this equality good
morning it's the first day of tour we
have a show tonight Cory's here to help
me with the 400 bags they have you know
what you probably look at all these bags
and go what a girl she packed all those
things which also 2016 it doen't 17:17
don't use gender stereotypes boys
bitches no but this is the only bag I
have with my stuff in it
the rest of this stuff is Miranda she's
only she's a needy business yours I just
want it underneath the thing it is mine
I've got to keep that breath fresh for
the fam
okay we are on the bus the Reg says oh
my hairs all staticky what's happening
damn good okay I'm 12 so are on the bus
um this is the biggest bathroom in the
world over here
little bedroom in the back I'm very
excited I'll give you a full tour later
we're headed to target right now to get
a dick bicycle because that is my life
and bye dick bicycle I mean I'm getting
like the tiny little tricycle I can ride
on stage and then went to the theater
but I also think I might get like some
new bedding for this room so I can have
like a fun and crazy bed situation
happening we'll see oh my gosh haha
Rachel's here now Rachel's decided okay
I got some beef to pick with Seattle Oh
apparently just Seattle but like every
literally everything I've touched since
I've gotten here has shocked me like not
like oh I'm so shocked but like
electricity kill myself pain shocking
especially my bed which means anytime I
move tonight in my sleep I'm going to
get attacked with electricity I love
that when I habits when you're in no
have you ever at night okay you're in
bed and I was like like you pulled the
blankets and a bunch of electricity and
you see it in the night I've never seen
that before my I was with you once when
it happened
electricity I see a lot of God white
people are yelling I swear to God when
it first have young eggs are moving out
but it happens I'm happy it really does
I'm getting in bed with you tonight
hopefully we got Target we went to
Target and I got to pick out Suzanne
Somers is peeking through the crevice
okay so we went to Target and every time
I wanted tour bus I get my own bedding
like I get new bedding because the
bedding on tour bus is this kind of
cross because everyone uses it so we got
I picked out this is my bedroom
hello so I picked out this blue bedding
with flamingos sheets and a flute I got
a little flamingos we have to name this
flamingos I don't know we're gonna name
it yet but I want to put like pictures
on the walls and whatever and I'll
probably put like a post-it note board
up here so I can work on haters back off
while I'm in here too yeah okay so we've
got new posters which is very exciting
these are the new posters Marina kollene
looking angry at each other I just got a
bunch of flowers next to my French Dip
because I'm healthy um little pretties
hold on we got one from Jesslyn and
we've got one from Shady lean I'm from
Maggie thanks cuz why so close to my
face
thank you girls that's so sweet I also
got cookies and I got this awesome
mug which is amazing and I'm going to
use every single day so you guys have
spoiled me and I haven't even gotten on
stage yet I am nervous y'all there's so
much nice stuff in this show and I just
feel so unprepared and I'm really
nervous um it is three o'clock we have
soundcheck at 3:30 and then meeting
group at 5:30 and then show at 8:00 and
then after the show up probably like a
stress monkey like super stressed but
I'm excited to just do it I feel like
the first one is like ripping off a
band-aid just to rip it off and do it
and deal with like the awkward moments
that where people didn't laugh and did
like your jokes and then learn and move
on so this first one was like I'm glad
Rachel
my number-one fan Rachel Bellinger
this is the venue tonight we Christopher
Robin
okay so let's reverse that and I'm on
the ground someday
just finished the meet-and-greet and it
was so much fun
I always remember how much I loved my
freaking job when I'm on tour because
you guys are so amazing and I love
hugging you and talking you and hanging
out with you like I had so much when I
was like laughing scutum are laughing so
much because you guys are hilarious but
look at all these presents I have to go
through you guys are so sweet and just
spoil me rotten but I love this the
Cheetah Girls with me and Trish and John
and Korey hilarious and I'm about to
text it to Trish she's gonna die but I
need to go through these presents and
then get ready for the show and I'm just
so excited I'm so happy my heart oh my
god these cupcakes these are so cute
these stragglers left hi guys I love you
so much
thanks for coming I love you oh man so
the show is over it's about midnight now
I'm still wearing my cool top that
changes I'm so excited about this silver
black silver black look at this equality
all my tits anyway the show was in my
opinion a hot mess but the audience was
so supportive and sweet and there's a
couple new things that I thought went
over really well here's a couple new
things that I was like oh god I'd like
that out so I don't know I'll be
changing the show and fixing it as the
tour goes but it was okay for first
shows okay and I got to say hi to some
cuties after the show and get hugs and
that made me really happy and - normally
we drive to the next city the night like
right after the show's over but tonight
we couldn't drive because Portland which
is where we're going next I guess like
got snowed in and like the city shut
down or something so they're not
allowing us to drive tonight
so we're waking up super early and
driving in the morning so I got to go to
bed look at my hair oh my god I love you
guys thanks for watching and I'm gonna
try my hardest to get these vlogs up
everyday but so far the internet has
been crap the bus Internet's terrible
the venue's internet was terrible and
the hotel we're at right now
the internet is terrible so I don't know
if I'm gonna get any vlogs up this whole
tour but I'm gonna try so love you guys
thanks for watching I'll see y'all
tomorrow
Oh
Oh
