it's boring she's happiness cuz life is
short and who knows what's gonna happen
tomorrow
oh so uh that was footage of me flying
to Seattle
where I am right now I've shown Tacoma
tomorrow night and so yeah I'm here I'm
starting to her this tour feels weird
every tour is so different this tour
just feels so strange to me this life is
so different now than it ever has been
before for me um so I'm just like
sitting in my hotel room like thinking
about how different life is now like in
2017 I am so excited to be on tour I
cannot wait to meet you guys on door and
hug you it's like my favorite thing the
world tour is my favorite favorite
favorite thing um I love doing haters
back off I love being you know doing the
Netflix show you know I love writing my
book I love doing YouTube like I love my
job so much but touring is my favorite
thing and so excited to get on stage and
perform I don't know I don't know how
much longer this is gonna last for me
and that's kind of like a like intense
statement but um I've always felt that
way my very first trip to New York City
where I flew there for the first time to
perform for the very first time in front
of people as Miranda I said this isn't
gonna last long no one's gonna watch me
tomorrow and then the next like month I
flew to London and I wrote the same
thing and then a year later I was in
Australia and I wrote the same thing and
I always have said that in the last year
so I've been like oh no people are
watching like people are gonna list
maybe this woman right away and the
start of this year 2017 I'm kind of back
to that thought of like oh I don't know
that this is gonna last so I should
really enjoy to the fullest instead of
being like oh this is gonna last forever
it's not the mindset I want to have or
mentality I want to have I want to
really appreciate every single second
with my job and with my family and with
my friends so I don't want to take
anything for granted and not that I feel
like I have well where why am I getting
like deep right now what has happened
why am i what am i doing Hotel thoughts
with Colleen ballinger
maybe this chapter of my life is dipping
down for a bit maybe it'll come back up
maybe it won't um but instead of like
freaking out about it and being really
sad I'm just going to go okay you know
what though like people are watching me
right now people are still buying
tickets to my tour
so I'm gonna enjoy it while it's
happening because who knows I might go
back on tour in the fall and no one will
buy tickets and then I have to cancel my
tour so while people are still buying
tickets I really want to enjoy this to
the absolute fullest um and I'm not
saying like my career is not going away
or anything like I'm you know I'm
writing season 2 of haters back off
right now like Netflix was awesome
enough to like give us a season two and
I still have my YouTube channels and
like people are watching it's just it's
different than it used to be it feels
very different like I feel like a couple
years ago it felt like it was like a
community a family on YouTube like I
loved reading my comments and it felt
like I was talking to my friends when I
made youtube videos and now it feels
like I mean my comments are so mean
opening up about things in my life that
are painful and hard and awful and sad
um made people meaner to me which is so
weird because I can it was just like a
it was just a strange like I was kind of
jarring for me because like in life when
you have friends and you go to your
friends and you go this is what I'm
going through and I'm in so much pain
and I'm sobbing and I'm miserable they
hug you and hold you and help you
through it and hold your hand and so it
was strange for me to go this is these
are my friends like the Internet is my
friends and to be like oh so I can talk
to them and I want to talk to them I
want to open up to them and tell them
but what I'm going through and when I
did that I didn't get hugs and like I'm
gonna hold your hand through this I got
you're a bitch and rumors spread about
me and um and that was so hard for me to
experience it has been hard and this
continuing to be hard for me to
experience anyway I don't know what I'm
saying um I'm just saying I don't know
how long this is gonna last I'll do it
as long as you guys will watch but while
I have it I'm going to try to do it to
the fullest and that's my attitude on
this tour I'm very excited to be on tour
I can't wait to meet you guys and hug
you and I love you thanks for watching
me
and listening to my weird rambles about
who knows what what am I talking about
but that's why I love this channel this
vlog channel I feel like I can talk to
my friends and you guys are my friends
my main channels now I feel like people
watching her just there to like hate on
me um but anyway such as life it'll
change it'll go back to people like me
or maybe it won't who knows but I'm
gonna try to enjoy it and to stay
positive and she's happiness because
life is short and who knows what's gonna
happen tomorrow so today I'm gonna live
my life to the fullest and I'm gonna be
positive and be nice to everyone I meet
and I encourage you to do the same life
is short
I love you guys and I'm so excited okay
Oh
Oh
