it's boring Emily loves it you like the
poop what's up guys the toe is coming at
you I'm back I haven't vlogged in over a
week and I thought it'd be fun to show
you kind of what tore prep is like at my
house you want to see this is what it's
like
so how this works is we get all the
props ready and although most of them
are not already and then we kind of try
to quickly roughly run through the show
but usually we don't even get that far
before tour and my cat is currently
playing with poop like literally just
playing with the big food where did he
get this boob it's the fifth question
why do we have it why is it my house
why is my cat eating it it was a gift
from your shows and now it's just like a
staple at your house I know I feel like
one place
the cat his little baby boo first you
run straight for the poop and I sit in
the house
he loves it you like the poop
Oh my name is Artie I deserved it
he's just like God was so bad I deserved
a surfeit you see me welcome hi and you
wash em you looking at my moves and you
watch what's up guys so I love my job
uh why is not focusing I love working
with technology and the internet and all
that but sometimes technology makes me
crazy
so we run my entire show on a program
called keynote so if you've been on my
show before you'll know that there's
lots of videos and like pictures and
Texans like the whole shows run on this
huge like basically is like a PowerPoint
presentation and I've been working on
this show cuz the new show for like a
month or something for some reason just
now it just deleted everything so if the
restart the whole show so I'm not even
like mad kind of like oh that sucks but
like what can I do like being mad about
it's not going to fix it I just have to
fix it so um it's just frustrating but
it's okay so right now I am redoing the
entire show so it's gonna be one of
those nights where I'm up all night but
I have to fix the show now I'm freaking
out cool mold mold it's the next day and
last night I worked on the show for a
long time and then I went and played
mini golf I didn't vlog it because I
forgot my camera um but it was nice to
get out the house and do something that
wasn't work related the house is a mess
not to mention there's a leak in my
ceiling so if you can see water dripping
down cuz it's raining in LA there's a
pot of dirty water in my lair
I'm super frustrated like I am planning
on moving soon which is why it makes it
even more frustrating because I need to
sell this house and that means I have to
pay to fix this leak like I've only had
this house a year and there's already
like a leak in the ceiling like it's
very frustrating like really bad timing
but it's okay its life happens anyway um
I woke up early and have been working
and editing on YouTube stuff but now
it's time for me to go into the writers
room go to the office and write season
do alright I'm at the office now and
Christopher peed his pants
I just looks like a people what I don't
when did this happen I so I had a drink
right and there was a bunch of moisture
on the top of the drink
so I drink the drink I like tipped it to
my mouth and all the moisture slid off
the lid and into my lap I'm talking at
the office for any new viewers who
haven't been here for a year you've
never seen this office hi welcome to my
haters back off office this is our
office and it is full of nothing right
now because we just started writing
recently it's some corn hole up in here
we got pictures on the walls of the show
I love this one another kitchen I would
show you guys the actual writers room
where you write everything but the walls
are all covered in season two like we've
written down season two so I can take
you in there because it would I would
show you everything that we've written
so far this is the office this is why
I've been my Christopher I go to lunch
and immediately come back and work on
another full-time job so we've seen her
office and we edit videos during lunch
break
and in the mornings when we get here
early and let's just back to that yeah
back-to-back editing and then I wait and
then when one of us comes up with
something that we want to talk about we
go you know what that's like kind of
true but we do like act things out a lot
I feel like more than most writers maybe
because we're both like we're actors for
a long time like in aren't like theatre
you know we did a lot of theater cuz
like when were writing we don't just
like pitch things by like saying then
we'll be like and then she walks like
this and then he puts on his panties
like
and we like act it out I feel like that
is our style of writing right they use
like word vocabulary vocabulary and
intelligence and we use whatever I don't
understand any of that but if he walked
like him
what happens then all right so I'm gonna
edit down and then we're gonna write and
then I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna
pack and then tomorrow
