ha ha Joe thanks for being patient is
this working it didn't even start yet
why are you disliking people just liking
it already um
stop disliking hey hi hi hi yeah wow
there's a bad okay um let's check on the
tweets twats to see if it's working okay
so y'all it's been a minute since I
did a trying to read your comments on
you over there I gone fast y'all cry um
and my twitter on my phone is frozen so
that's cool so I'm gonna film a bunch of
videos in a minute and I feel like I
used to whenever add film videos and get
ready and put on makeup stuff I would do
live streams and haven't done that in a
while so I wanted to do it I really want
to find out if this is working and I
thought witters always the place I go to
see if it's working uh uh uh you guys
are all fine it's working so I think
we're good to go
tweet twice why do I stand those from
Cara um you guys won in HBO so yeah I'm
gonna do I'm gonna livestream I promised
I would live stream to frozen it's
frozen on my computer um I promised that
I would live stream every single episode
of haters back off before the new year
and I have four days and I have three
episodes left so I might do two episodes
tonight but I do those live streams on
my main channel so this vlog channel is
like for my boring live streams so if
you don't want to see a boring live
stream I would recommend turning this
off because basically what's gonna
happen is I'll just like chat with you
guys I'll answer your questions talk
about what's ever on my mind one up to
get ready to film a bunch of videos
because I'm awesome videos
cuz we're going into the writers room
next week and we already started writing
season two of haters back off and I am
so excited you guys like I am spazzing
my brains out I'm so excited
um and so we're going back in the Red
Room at the being January and I will be
in the writers room every single day
like pretty much all day every day and
then I go on tour and so this week I'm
trying one should be writing the live
show for tour because I'm doing a lot of
new stuff but I've been a little
distracted um but anyway I need to film
a bunch of videos and get them out of
the way so that I can focus on other
things like the live show and touring
and whatnot so I need you my makeup so
don't like trash oh oh not to say that
you need make-up to not look like trash
you are all beautiful and perfect
without makeup but I need makeup um it's
you know it's annoying okay I have to
vent about something right now oh that's
why I different okay so I have two
different concealers I love this
concealer from mac and I've noticed that
they're different colors like I don't
know if you can see look how different
like this one's really yellow and this
one's more like orangey but they're the
same number so I was like what the heck
I thought maybe since I travel a lot I
probably got one in New York and one of
like Connecticut or something but maybe
since they've got some different places
that was why but now I'm realizing once
it's in w20 and once it's in ste 20
makeup be so confusing like really I'm
supposed to know your friggin Morse code
numbers when I'm producing my makeup
like watch and that's another thing like
when I watch beauty gurus on YouTube
like doing their makeup like it is so it
like just goes over my head like how
they no makeup and brushes look like and
using the n43 7-2 seven brush for the
inner crease of my eye i like this one a
lot better than the four to three to
nine triple dot exclamation point brush
like how did they memorize these names
for these brushes and why do they get
brushes names that are like alien
language like science language I dunno I
just saw I'm so like not a girl without
stuff like that that was very that was
not a good thing we said because that's
assuming that girls should know about
makeup and that is not true boys know
about makeup and girls don't have know
about makeup but I'm just saying I am
very about it knowing things about me
anyway okay I'm gonna do my makeup and
just hang out and chat with you guys so
I'm gonna check Twitter and um to guess
any questions and I'll just like rant
and talk about just go long when to talk
so hope you all got some time today umm
let's see how many people stick around
there's five thousand right now let's
see how many of you guys actually stick
around for this this could be an hour
this could be three hours I'm feeling
chatty
I'm feeling emotional and I'm gonna do
my makeup and have no lecture on time so
I feel like this is gonna be a weird
classroom uh let's see
ask me questions that I can like really
talk about for a while if not yes or no
questions you know what I mean I'll make
a hash tag this is always my struggle
like I never can think of hash tag
advocate of a shadow palette use this
one today is the naked Urban Decay smoky
these are like glitter eating I wasn't
mad oh they got matte here I'll do that
um okay Camille said a rant about me
I love Camille uh Camille is my angel
and there's nothing to rant about with
you except the fact that I just want you
to be healthy and I don't think it's
fair when any of you beautiful love bugs
get sick whether that's a cold or cancer
is not fair that
guys get sick and have to deal with
those horrible things so Camille the
only thing I could rant about is how it
pisses me off that like you have to keep
dealing with the hard things with your
health and we said how do you feel about
Christmas being over I'm okay with it
like I love Christmas if you guys know
me at all you know I'm obsessive
Christmas I live it have a guest room in
my house the guest room the only guest
room in my house is decorated for
Christmas year-round so I am obsessed
with Christmas I always have been
normally I get really like sad and
depressed after Christmas but I'm so
excited to be done with 2016 that I do
not care I'm like Christmas was really
fun and lovely and I had a wonderful
time with my family
it was great um but I'm not really sad
that it's over I'm kind of like excited
to start fresh in the new year and yeah
I'm looking forward to that so I'm not
particularly sad it's weird normally I'm
like super sad but this year I'm just
kind of like okay cool let's move on
let's get to work and go on tour and
start season two and all that fun stuff
so I'm excited for the new year 2016 I
feel like overall was a rough year kind
of for everybody like I all I see online
it's like 2016 sucks 2016 sucks in 2016
was really hard and really did suck but
there were wonderful things about 2016
to like so even though not everything
was great and it did not go as
swimmingly as we all wanted it to there
are things to be excited about in 2016
my face is yellow and my skin is pink so
that's one so my makeup doesn't match my
skin tone and that's something to be
excited about 2016 he comes to
struggling trying to find a foundation
that matches our skin tone because there
isn't one because I'm an alien
ah that's one thing what else know there
are so many great things to be excited
about from 2016 even though it did kind
of suck emotionally roughy but like
career-wise it was really great and
um family stuff was great this year and
there's a lot of fun successes and new
adventures and things I've never done
before and I grew a lot this year and um
yeah so overall it was a very hard year
but there's still things to like look
positively back on the air for I don't
know that's I kind of want to encourage
everyone to do that like you have 2016
really sucks and guys know that I'm the
first person to say that cuz like ah
this you suck but I still think it's
important to like look at the bright
side because we only have one life here
on this earth and I think it's important
to like try to stay positive and look at
the positive so anyway that was
long-winded answer which is what I asked
for some birdie what's the most thing
you're excited about 2017 that's from
lela lela I have to show you this
perfect little pumpkin look at this
little guy sleeping on my sock are you
kidding he's so sweet he wasn't even in
here he heard me talking on the
livestream and like ran in like he has
to be around me at all times it's the
cutest thing okay anyway um what I'm
most excited for in 2016 2017 would be a
shooting season to hit that off probably
because um yeah I'm a mix I'm just
excited to get back in the Cooper I love
Canada
I love the cast like with all my heart
and so I'm excited to hang out the cast
again and um shoot the show and do new
stuff in the show and yeah I think
that's what I'm most excited about um I
think I'll be with them I'm let excited
okay next question and I got to do my
eyeballs I still I wonder what order you
guys do your makeup in but I always do
my foundation then my eyebrows then my
eyeballs and then my blush and
um bronzer bronzer blush and then my
lips are always lost that's my order of
life Oh what's the hashtag oh dang it I
don't know oh here's a good one okay
Jennifer said when you put on jeans do
you button first for zipper first very
important I let him first always I feel
like I can't get the zipper up if it's
not button first I mean I'm sure I could
but like my brain just is like you know
you can't do that
um okay everyone really wants a hashtag
how about Gus Gus is queen that's a
hashtag Gus Gus is clean because he is
clean
Samantha cause said is there a theme for
Moran show so I am going on tour in
January I am very nervous and I'm very
excited I'd have loved to work towards
my favorite thing that I do like I love
the I love haters back off with my whole
heart and there's nothing like making
your own TV show it's insane it's
stressful it's fun it's credible true
warning it's amazing but I am a theater
girl and I grew up doing musical theater
and the only reason I'm doing this
YouTube thing is because of how obsessed
I am with theater and performing and
being on stage my grandpa when I was
little girl used to take me to see live
shows those and he was like you're gonna
be on that stage one day and like really
inspired me to like one of the an actor
and like be on the stage and so that's
where my heart is and so being on tour
is my favorite thing and I really am
proud of my live show I think that my
YouTube view is really fun and haters
back off is great but and my book is
cool like I'm really proud of all my
projects I've done but like my live show
I think is so fun and like I just love
it like it fills my heart in a way like
I can't even explain to you and be able
to meet you guys it's like it's
incredible so that's my favorite thing
so I'm really excited I'm very nervous
if you want to come see me on tour I'm
going to Tacoma Washington Portland
Oregon San Jose California Sacramento
California
Santa Rosa California Fresno California
Phoenix Arizona Grand Prairie Texas
Houston Texas El Paso Texas San Antonio
Wow
Texas dang San Antonio Texas New Orleans
Louisiana Birmingham Alabama Pensacola
Florida and Riverside California so a
lot of shows coming up pretty much just
in California Texas I'm now realizing
why am I only going to California Texas
but I'm going to gala for Nia Texas and
I'm not gonna be able to go back on tour
pretty much for the rest of next year
because I'm gonna be doing haters back
off so if you want to consume you live
you know see the miranne show live come
to one of those shows um and travel to
it I guess cuz I'm not going in or else
but yeah I'm very excited that the
question was is there any themes for the
numerator show there's some stuff
they'll keep the same like some stuff
I'll keep from like the old show um that
like always goes over well but I am
doing new stuff so the show is called
Miranda sings live dot dot dot you're
welcome
and I do have an idea for it that's
really dark but I don't think I should
reveal unless you come to the show and
then once the show comes out like once
the live show happens people start
filming and stuff you guys will see what
it is but as dark and I am a freak that
I want to do this but I think it'll be
funny um but I want to know what you
guys want to see like I am writing the
live show this week and I've already
started writing some stuff for it and I
you start making props and like doing
all that fun stuff but I would like to
know what you guys want to see from me
on stage so if you could tweet me um and
say like oh I like it when my the sings
I like audience participation
I like I'm ready to challenge on stage
I like remembers the you to be stuff I
like when Brenda's nice cool theater
stuff like if you guys can tell me what
you like because I'm doing the live show
yeah it's for me because I love to
perform but it's for you guys if you
guys are buying the tickets and you guys
are coming to the show so I wanna make
sure you guys are happy
um so please tweet me and let me know
what you want to see right now because
soon as on don't want creases I'm gonna
check my tweets
um yeah I don't know I feel like what
goes over best at the Miranda shows the
live shows are like audience
participation always goes over pretty
well and it was really really fun always
fun um oh my god you guys hear that that
sound is my kitty litter box cuz I got a
mechanical robot kitty litter box he's
my cat poops and then steps in his own
poop you follow me on snapchat y'all
heard about this already this morning um
my cat keeps stepping in his poop and I
don't know what to do about it so we
bought him yesterday this kitty litter
box
that like automatically cleans up the
poop or pee whenever he goes in it but I
feel like it doesn't work it like it
definitely cleans up the poop and like
it's cleaning it right now I can hear it
but he did not poop recently so I don't
know why it's going off however he's
already stuck in his own poop twice
today and it's not like people are like
oh get that through box and yeah it's
cleaning out the litter but the problem
is not like he steps in it later like he
poops and immediately steps in his own
poop like immediately so he keeps and
then the second after he poops he steps
in his own poop so I feel like the only
way to fix the problem is to follow him
around the house all day long and
whenever he goes poop like all him in
and second he's done sorting out his
turds like to pick him up and clean
about like this so like I think it's the
only option but I don't got time for it
so I don't know what to do if any of you
ever dealt with this okay I'm checking
my Twitter now to see what you guys are
saying for the live show well it's a
hashtag I thought we said Gus Gus is
clean or something
Natalie said are you going to tour
anywhere else next year like Scotland
possibly okay girl I just want to say I
do not pick the cities I go to I call my
agent
who's awesome agents at the coolest dude
in the world like I wish he was
comfortable with like social media and
stuff because I would put him all over
you guys would be obsessed with him he's
been nicest I've had him for years and
years and years like I've worked with
him for a very long time and he's then
nicest sweetest most wonderful man in
the whole entire universe and you guys
would love him um but anyway it's up to
him where I go like it's up to wherever
what theatres can book me and whatever
but I do call him and I say hey I want
to go this place I want to go this place
and he does what he can last year
I called him and I said I need to go to
Scotland this year no questions I need
to go to Scotland in 2016 like that's
where I want to go and he's like got it
doing it so he started planning it and
it all felt through like the Vinnie's
and Scotland's like we're just falling
through a mean ma he's booking all these
other shows overseas while I was doing
showing Scotland like he's like after
Scotland show you can go all these other
places and so then he booked me like all
over the UK and then Scotland fell
through so I went to the UK for a month
and did a whole tour in Germany and then
I went to over England and I went to
Ireland and stuff and I didn't even do
Scotland which was the whole reason I
wanted to go over there in the first
place so after that tour I called him
and I said dude 2017 Scotland and he was
like okay okay okay I'll do it
cuz he promised me I'd go to Scotland
2016 and it didn't happen so hopefully
in 2017 he's gonna make it happen he
said he would so we'll see
quickly he does not have social media
and he does not watch my live streams
otherwise he would call me right now be
like why are you telling them you're
going Scotland but it's not confirmed
yet you crazy person um anyway
how am i doing how did you make it how
did you make up is this stressing you
guys out to watch me do this like
terribly cuz I don't know what I'm doing
okay I feel like
I went on Twitter to try to find
feminist activists kali robe rena said
how do you maintain your confidence I
don't I feel like um I have more
confidence now then I probably ever had
in my whole life like I was I've always
been a very insecure person um I still
find myself to be pretty insecure
however I do have more confidence now
that I ever have had in my life and um
and not to say that I'm like a cocky
person or think I'm amazing so I
certainly don't I just mean like I'm
becoming more comfortable in my skin and
learning to like love certain things
about myself I think the key to that is
surrounding yourself with people who
uplift you and support you and respect
you and admire you and all those things
I think that is really really important
in order to have confidence at all
because the best way to get rid of your
confidence is to just trying to help
people who bring the gown and are not
bringing down but tear you down and like
tell you that um you're not wonderful so
I think surrounding myself like family
and friends who are sweet and kind and
supportive and loving and I think that's
a great way for me to build my
confidence
um but yeah there's not there's never
really it's just everyone's so different
and I don't think there's any like
anyone great advice for that because I
feel like I still struggle with
confidence every single day and like um
hating myself for thinking that I'm not
good enough for that people all hate me
and I don't know like that I struggle
with that every single day I feel like
everyone kind of does so I don't know
how to explain how to have confidence I
think it's just a matter of like
surrounding yourself with wonderful
wonderful people that's the best advice
I think I could give so what next
question
bring back chubby bunny
that's a a be said for my live show
caris K iris harmony at her McLean said
please go to VidCon I would love to go
to VidCon I've gone every year for a few
years and I really love it um I'm gonna
try to go this year it just depends on
hitters back off and if I'm gonna be in
Vancouver haha
Damaris said remember when you wouldn't
let people step on your rug with shoes
is your white rug poop stained now yeah
I used to not let people walk in this
room with shoes on because it's like a
beautiful white rug and now I do not
care at all um and gus-gus everything in
my house is covered in cat poop I feel
like like this cat walks around
everywhere I'm just good to poop
everywhere it's like so annoying the
worst please come to Nova Scotia
that's from Lexie I wish the amazing mmm
let's see Allie I prefer Colleen said
when haters back off season 2 comes out
while Miranda Mondays continue yeah well
actually was cool okay so Miranda
Mondays was a thing I did for like a
month and I actually had like one more
two more even that I could post random
Mondays is something I was posting on my
psycho soprano channel and it was just
like behind the scenes vlogs and they
didn't get that many views it was more
just like people who are like super fans
and haters back off and super fans like
my channel who are really supportive and
sweet would watch like I don't think
they're actually interesting to anyone
but me but I've always been interested
in like what goes on behind the scenes
of like TV shows and movies like that
was always my favorite thing to watch
growing up on these little things called
DVDs which I don't know if you all use
those anymore
but me growing up on like my VHS tapes
and on DVDs my favorite thing about them
was seeing behind the scenes stuff so I
really am fascinated by that stuff so I
filmed well on set of season one of
hitters back off and I shared it on
every Monday I do like a behind the
scenes video of like haters back off and
so I
this was cool up this year like haters
back off this year is that you guys
already know the show you already know
the characters you know the costumes you
know what the house looks that Miranda's
house looks like all these things that
were secrets before um you know right a
sister was a secret
and um well Brandis sister was a secret
and Miranda's best friend and love
interest was a secret like everything
was a secret can season one so I
couldn't show you anything and now you
guys know all that stuff so when I'm on
set I can I can film with Francesca and
vlog with her and walk with my trailer
every lunch like when we're eating
together and show you Eric and Angela
and Steve and like all the people on set
show the house and show the crew and the
cast and like so I'm sure there's going
to be certain things I can't show you
because all these secrets
um about season two like spoiler alert
so I can't share but for the most part
I'm going to be able to like vlog on set
which is really freaking exciting
because I didn't get to do that this
year
so I'm very very excited um my eyebrows
I never know how to do eyebrows someone
Hulk send help please
I needed text candy Johnson because she
is the queen and um she I just really
wanted to do my makeup so much she did
my friend teenies makeup give her like a
makeover and she did same thing for my
sister-in-law Jessica and I really want
her to do one for me cuz girl mama needs
I don't know what I'm doing you know
just like make it up
I feel like online all my comments they
like shading me and how I don't know how
to do makeup
anyway what was the question
my Internet's so slow it's crying crying
Abby Thornton said what's the hashtag it
is Gus Gus is queen Lex at don't touch
my jeep's into a Canada show I am
planning on doing some Canada shows
while I'm up in Canada last this year
look how badly
blended that looks so bad um this year I
was on sets had to like finish filming a
scene and then get on a plane and fly
across the country to actually not
across country to another country to fly
from Canada to America on the other side
of the country to UM do shows and it was
so taxing on my body on my mind on
everything I was an alien like I was a
zombie it was awful
and so this year I was told my H I was
like I cannot do that I cannot go from
shooting a scene and get on a plane
don't sleep land in another city go
straight to a theater perform for
thousands of people get back on a plane
don't sleep and go straight back to set
like it was awful and so um I love
performing and I love being on set but
like trying to do that all the same time
I was dying and so um I still want to
perform and he's like okay well what if
you perform in Canada so we're gonna try
to see if we can make some Canada
performances happen this year we will
see what happens I hope so I love Canada
and I'd love to see more of Canada
um I've only I've lifting in Vancouver
so I know Vancouver pretty well uh but
Toronto's beautiful I've been there a
few times and my wife just from Toronto
guys know Lily my wife um let's see Lynn
said why do you look like Sue Sylvester
from Glee why thanks um Alex said I'm
going pee don't do anything interesting
okay I won't but Alex oh my god your
profile picture why are you the most
beautiful person ever say my life
okay um cam said what's your worst ever
fast-food experience food quality splash
service slash etc I eat fast food a lot
I probably have more stories than most
people but I'm not the type of person
who's like oh I had a bad experience
there so I'm never going back
like I love fast food like literally I
watched the Billy super
sighs me which is documentary about how
McDonald's like food can kill you and
like ruin your life and after I watched
I like 1d McDonald's um this eyeliner is
account worst fast-food experience hmm
um what time I went to a restaurant it's
not fast-food oats it was like a Denny's
but it was called Karos I just said that
I sounded so valley girl just not I
sounded straight up from California
Cara's um and there was a receipt in my
friend's salad like tossed in the salad
was someone else's receipt and I was
pretty girls but I went to a subway once
and there's a rat running around uh
Burger King in New York City the same
thing happened a rat was running around
inside the restaurant but then again
like I still just was like yeah there's
a rat didn't got my food and ate it like
I'm literally the most foul person
you'll ever meet so I didn't really care
okay I'm trying to focus on my eyeliner
come on girl good ticket get that cat
eye sorry guys this takes concentration
I feel like that's fine I hate doing
eyeliner I feel like I'm really bad at
it again snowy Sara at hugs for Colleen
said I'm making cupcakes and watching
and ice cream with my best friends
that is awesome how many of you just
yawned this is very boring let's see oh
my god guys I have the worst news okay
so Callie asked I can't wait to meet you
in January yeah thanks for getting takes
the show are you gonna bring gus-gus on
tour this is a very sore subject
so I got gus-gus a couple months ago and
he is my baby the light of my life and
he goes everywhere with me he spoiled
freaking rotten like he literally goes
everywhere with me um I was like he has
to come on tour no option so I emailed
my tour manager and my roadie and I was
like hey guys just you know I'm bringing
my cat so figure it out like we have to
figure out I can have a cat in the
hotels and in the theaters and they're
like oh cool so um everyone is excited
to bring Gus on tour I announced that
Gus was coming on tour with me and then
the emo men like we're really really
sorry the bus company that we're getting
the bus from said is no way like you
cannot have a cat on the bus like we
could have made it work with hotels and
the theaters everything but the bus
company said no way because if I bring
Gus Gus on the on the tour bus and then
the next person who gets on the tour bus
is like severely allergic to cats and
they're still like his cat dander on the
bus they could on allergic reaction and
then the bus company could get sued and
there's like all these legal things so
saying there's absolutely no way that
I'm allowed to bring the cat on the bus
um so I'm very very sad the Gus is not
coming but he'll probably just let me go
stay with my mom or I'll let him say the
friend for the week or something for a
week because I'm going down the coast of
the West Coast and then I'll be here for
a night so I'll see him after a week so
I want to be away from him for a week
then I'll be back and I'll be gone for
two weeks so it's gonna suck and I'm
gonna be really sad because I don't
wanna be away from him but there's
nothing they can do like they tried and
they're like there's literally nothing
like there's no way he can go on to her
so I'm super bummed out about that but
they tried so Gus is not coming I am
trying to get some of the cast to come
so maybe um I don't think Angela well
Angela won't be able to go because she's
kids um but maybe I can get Steve or
Eric to come or Franny pants
I really want Frannie to come so tweet
Frannie and holler people truly Peace
Corps is definitely to come on to her oh
no I really like having lots of friends
on tour with me so we'll see that is
okay
eyeballs done now face
hello face I'm gonna put more things on
you oh yeah you leave I never got
answers I'm like what I should put in
the show like what the end-all solution
when are you actually film what are you
actually gonna film your next clients
corner video maybe I'll go one today
because I never really do Klein's corner
anymore and maybe I'll do one at the
beginning of next year I just feel like
chewin is like aren't really a thingy
more on YouTube like no one really does
them so what kind of we're doing one
corner because like literally nobody
does q and A's me more I'm going to put
some makeup on the inner waterline area
over my god my cat I've just doing my
cat right and I'm done with this because
it's insane Michael's doing you guys do
this I feel like it freaks boys out when
girls do this me like put the makeup
inside their eyeballs I got a bunch of
weird stuff for Christmas I'm going to
film myself doing Jalen said I just
cracked my fingers too hard you know
they hurt I am so sorry that is sounds
horrible clean for life said when it's
just this baby due it's due in May what
today so that I don't follow Weissach oh
she is like - girl I do follow her of
course I do she's Queen um Amy said you
should do another video calling us maybe
we'll do that that sounds fun mmm learn
to do Coleen show or I'm understanding
that is not going to happen
where's your phone kids from I love it I
got it for Christmas it don't know me to
like I can take a picture with like
essentially a ring light on my face just
so conceited rachel gatina came to me
for Christmas um Harvey has one my
friend Harvey and so this mirror is
terrible I can't see anything
so uh Rachel saw is using it I was like
Oh Colleen would like that and so she
got me one and it's awesome
I haven't really used it very much yet
though because I don't take very many
selfies like I the only time I ever take
selfies I feel like is on snapchat but
other than that like if you scroll
through my phone to like look at my
camera roll you wouldn't see any selfies
you'd see selfies of Miranda like I took
a lot of selfies when I'm in character
but I never ever ever take selfies of
myself like as me like like ever like if
I take it I it's because I like took it
on snapchat and I was like oh I guess I
could put this shoot I didn't bring
blush in here mmm honey blush let's hope
there's some left over on my blush brush
there really isn't no good orange not
really
now for the lips what color shall I do
will grow on into my brows on see those
are cute I usually just go with a
generic link
nude because I'm boring there's a brown
there's pain
this is actually the most boring
livestream that I've ever done so you're
welcome and I've lost like everyone's
like why she's good morning my calves
being so cute it's outrageous to a dark
red girl not the courageous um it's like
hmm
Ava said favorite celebrity you've met
hmm I don't know um probably well Ariana
I mean Ari is a sweetheart I met her
before she was like super famous I met
her before she was even on Victorious on
nickelodeon and she was so sweet and we
just became like besties really sisters
and then she got super famous and she's
still the sweetest girl in the world
like every time hang out with her and
like blown away with how sweet she is
this lip liner literally does nothing
like nothing's coming off like literally
nothing even happening okay well thank
you we got to use kiss okay other than
her celebrities who's a celebrity that I
know I feel like I've never met like I
watched um I think it was Gabby and Joey
did a video called like rude celebrities
we've met or something like that
they talked about daily they talked
about meeting celebrities that were like
super rude to them or something I have
never had a bad experience meeting a
celebrity not that I know of this
lipstick is too dark um but I can't
remember a time meeting a celebrity
where I was like ooh what a jerk I think
every celebrity I've met has been lovely
like when I worked with Seinfeld he was
so nice and incredible cheap Jimmy
Fallon is the nicest human on planet
Earth
arjan is obviously incredible feat of
one celebrity even like Flavor Flav was
like the coolest nicest guy
world so I really can't think of a
celebrity who was a twat like everyone
was super cool um it always makes me sad
to hear about like slippers being jerks
is that a better color look the same I
don't know I think I hate this lip color
I definitely need more blush because I'm
looking pale at yeah I don't think there
was anyone who was like awful to me I'm
gonna try and think I haven't met that
many celebrities though so maybe not
like if you guys tweet me like
celebrities you know that I've met and
asked me about them I'll tell you about
them but like I don't I don't know that
I met any jerks um Britney said I'm
actually obsessed with you and you'll
never know me that's okay girl I don't
know you we best friends I just virtual
tweet uh melih said are you gonna film a
Toronto again and if so how much poutine
will you have I'm filming a maneuver
which is on the other side of the
country is Toronto but I love Toronto -
and I will be eating protein every day
because I love food you um what's the
grossest thing you've eaten from around
a video I think the first thing that
pops to mind is when I put a toothbrush
in the toilet and then at 40 that wasn't
eating something but that was pretty
gross and come back to New Zealand
that's from Thomas Mason I would love to
let's sleep you ever plan on having with
marina Joyce I love marina Joyce I would
love to do that
mmm this one said I see you
name-dropping I'm not name-dropping
someone asked with celebrities I've were
like if I hadn't been slippery stories
and girl I'm just telling you um
Oh Jacqueline said what was it like look
fifth harmony because I did a video of
fifth harmony they were lovely and sweet
and they seemed um the only thing I
would say what those are like the nicest
girls in the world like super peppy and
sweet and fun and energetic they did
seem like worn down like I feel like
they were working too hard or something
like they seemed like they'd had a day
so I'm sure and I think they were going
on like Jimi found that night our Kimmel
Jimmy Kimmel maybe the night they filmed
with me so they had like a strict
schedule they can only be live like 20
minutes um but they're all super cool
it's super super super nice I just felt
bad for them I was like oh my god I
thought I worked a lot these girls are
working like they work so much they seem
to really like tired but they were
really really really nice um sue said
will that will the pop that
poutine song returned it definitely
won't strain my hair's um updated sassy
non-students from Vicki we just did a
sassy dance I feel like like a month ago
but maybe we'll do another one
I love sassy dances sarah said are the
meet and greets before after the shows
the meet greets are before the shows on
my tour King Golden's Panda said why
don't you call our with more people on
Miranda's channel shimmy MIT Club a lot
of the videos now are just her
complaining dot they're not a lot of her
complaining yes the Christmas one was
are complaining because I do that one
every year it's tradition but there's a
lot of videos there's videos super
cutting open Christmas toys and um
eating things and challenges I've been
doing lots of different stuff collapse
are hard to do now because everyone
so busy but I did collab with Gabby this
month the Gabba show on a club with Joey
this month so I'm clapping with people
um but like I said it's hard to get
together with people to cloud with them
and Ricky I clubbed with Ricky this
month um because everyone is
outrageously busy like everyone's so
busy so I love collabing I'd love to do
it more so hopefully I'll have more
clouds coming soon um but I was sorry
that you feel all the miranda videos are
just for complaining I don't feel that
they are but um I actually like those
videos too like the V is reminds
complaining I think are funny
Kate Brackett said when's the next time
you're clouding a Jojo hopefully soon I
love George oh she's such a sweetheart
mmm Bailey Sabrina Quinn said you met
Sabrina carpenter talk about her a
picture I made her together I went on a
set of Girl Meets World a long time ago
maybe year and a half ago and um around
there and met the cast at Sabrina's so
sweet and then I met her again I did a
collab with Peter Collins and she was
doing a club after me or performing a
thing she was there and she was so sweet
she's in sweetheart like then gneisses
and so talented uh can you please play
some you for us it's been too long I
miss it those jessalyn Jocelyn um
jessalyn sorry you're cute um I don't
have a you be here oh I do hope you can
hear I'll play a song but I just ripped
off a big hunk of skin because I'm
disgusting and that's what I do when I'm
stressed and so this might hurt to play
but we'll try this is I never play the
sea it gets a big one out
we can't leave it's a two-night infinite
river can't request a song you guys
request a song I think about you you
tell me what you wanna hear bowl go cuz
I gotta straighten these frizzy hairs
and I have to film some videos cuz
Bailey's coming over for a sleepover
tonight I gotta get my stuff done uh a
big hunk you're discussing hmm let's see
Oh kita said could you show us some of
your Polaroids and explain them or just
follow me or whatever I will follow you
and the Polaroid behind me on the
Polaroids like my family and friends so
there's a lot of pictures of like teeny
and Heather Jessica the kids and then
there's some pictures from set so
there's like a picture of me the very
top one is a picture of me coming out of
my trick Hitler like ah and then um
there's pictures of like me Francesca at
stuff from my Canada and then stuff with
my family and friends here so it's just
family and friends isla at awkward CMD
said you butcher so many people's names
lmao try to say mine I just tried so
sorry key with it this Christmas okay I
love that song
I love this okay oh my god
that's good enough
it feels awkward
one more than I meana you don't want
this are you down for some of these milk
and cookies duffle loving will be my
jamak i hmm and who did you stand when
you were our age I don't know how old
you are Lauren but when I was younger I
didn't stand anyone because Stan was not
a word that existed when I was a little
girl but um I really liked the Spice
Girls and I loved mary-kate and Ashley I
love Lizzie McGuire
I didn't anyone though um hey you guys
want any other songs are you it FISMA
I'm looking for a suggestion as to what
to sing I don't know have these songs he
Lawrence adjacent songs by Jason song by
Ari I can't find the chords anywhere
I've looked for the chords to Jason song
I can't find him
um because I love that song I would love
to but I don't know the chords
you guys Oh
because requests the songs that I can
sing something so I'm not just like
looking at my phone I don't see any M
songs being a request built I'm gonna do
one more and then I'm gonna go
straighten my hair paint my nails cuz
girl they still gross honeymoon Avenue
so if you said boney minute Avenue which
that sounds like a totally different
song okay so I can you it's not going to
do that one honeymoon Avenue except this
is a weird Curtis nothing's right the
chords chords girl these are the wrong
cars let me try again
what the these are wrong you guys don't
know is struggle some of you might know
the struggle but it's always a struggle
trying to find chords to a song that you
like and someone writes down the wrong
chords it's very disappointing ukulele
chords isn't this the most boring
lecture me over watching your whole life
sorry about that I see this insane
we ready to make dessert before we both
crush it that could be the data by his
stead of us baby yoga see that's not
right he's gonna have the wrong lyrics
in it okay I will just change the chords
to whatever I want to do okay
sorry other words and the chords aren't
right so I'm just like okay that's
enough okay I love you guys thanks for
watching
pin string it out with me I miss
vlogging everyday it was really fun to
do for vlogmas and i will be vlogging
again soon i just need to get my life
together first
so I hope y'all and I'll talk to you
very soon bye
