whatever you celebrate Merry Christmas
you guys it's a sad day for Rachel
Ballinger she's out a hard month Barry's
been very stressful for her she hasn't
had a day off and she finally was like
Christmas Day that's the day I'll have
but she's barfing worse we just had the
hardest month like the hardest year and
she's just been looking at for my mom's
crying she's been looking forward to
Christmas all year and she's like but
all much like I just love Christmas I
have Christmas she's been so stressed
and then Christmas morning she's the
worst poor girl Mama's gonna try anyway
that open presents meant Rachel's in
between Barb's so any I know we all want
her to feel good how are you feeling
Trent Trent was sick a few days ago but
it's going around the Cory's opening the
first present of the day we have an
absurd amount of presents Christmas
morning because we give a bunch of what
is that there's well there's six people
and we get a bunch of like like I
literally wrapped get ready for the
surprise
a bottle of advil like we wrap like
tampons toilet paper like pencils tissue
boxes pillows like we wrap everything
Christmas morning so it always looks
insane because it is insane so this is
our Christmas morning so let's Rachel
are you strong enough to open a present
should I throw it oh my god I just got
the best Christmas present ever all us
kids got this it's in a VHS tape where'd
you get the IDs old VHS tapes thank you
and it's all of our home movies and
inside there's a an SD card with all of
the time and a program that has all of
the names of everything this is so this
is the best Christmas present I've ever
gotten I'm not kidding this is my
favorite Christmas present ever
that is amazing things dad Corey got yes
Corey's rushing because he's gonna go to
his family's house next so he's got like
all his presents
wham-o bammo Mamo all at one time
 he got some shoes she's got a
coach backpack super cute and this is my
favorite I think that I got you who's
slowly in a sweatshirt and he got an
ariana switcher panda bear sweatshirt
and I was opening up his stocking Rachel
are you feeling oh misery I got a cute
little hat from Rachel thanks Rachel
and my cat's got fancy food from Rachel
Christmas Christmas jay-z's Christmas
he got it he got a Christmas hack I
think I have 700 of these good boy
goodbye mommy look what I found
mommy's liquid amen mommy I gotta hide I
has a hot mommy you look like a Laker
now dad please calm down
he literally just barked up a ribbon and
I'm not kidding he barked Christmas just
like his mom please where are you going
dude I don't know what he's doing he's
just smelling I think he smells my cat's
because they're usually underneath that
that booty booty Hanny she got that
booty more cushion for the pushing what
did you guys get for Christmas leave a
comment I want to really see what you
guys all about for Christmas my dad
they're gonna take place on a walk and
get rich with some medicine efficiently
throwing up in there maybe we did our
Christmas tradition and we didn't Carl's
jr. we always get so wrapped up in
baking that we never find time to eat
and in Santa Barbara where I grew up
that's the only thing that was ever open
on Christmas Day I bought food for us to
make here for Christmas but the family
was like no we're going to Carl's jr.
but now I'm making my type of cookies
that um my mom is making her cookies I'm
gonna make my
now for my extra touch extra chocolate
chips okay so we've managed to Chris
Majestics house and we've just the
presents from like my parents
the tranqed Rachel and me like filled up
their tree again our family's so big
that like the present is just
overflowing so this will be fun
should we start guys
Merry Christmas to the other side what
is the stranger things
all right time no presents I'm opening
the first gift oh my goodness are these
earrings thank you
Bailey made me earrings these are so
pretty I love when they match my
lipstick and everything do you like them
do it really good
oh yeah you poop our family just left
giving and getting poop for Christmas I
guess you're just wet Jake wins best
joke of the day
hey when's best comedian joke of the day
if that dude you know today
you're welcome can I get a hug on my
chopped liver note there's a dog
involved I love you Merry Christmas
ha or Jacob from me right do you know
what it is it comes in my yard for me
what did you just get it it was on his
list advice list do you like it that's
from me and Rachel very loud and ten
guitar amp
Oh oh my gosh everyone's dropping like
flies my aunt Mitsy just got sick and
how Andrew just went outside and threw
up like this flu is so intense yeah he
just left
everyone's thrown up so like this party
I think it's like this is a pajama it'll
be fine it's like a small group so we
can like play games and hang out but I
know but I feel so bad I can't believe
everyone so sick own dessert wait I know
literally usually like this I was like
oh no I'm not gonna have enough desserts
but like it's just us and this is all
the desserts we have so we are gonna be
good to go alright so um I was so
stressed about everyone vomiting I
didn't show you guys but what I want for
Christmas from the Ballinger family is
this awesome pasta rack ok battery died
and I got some celery there's been lot
what's happened in the last 60 seconds
but I've got this amazing pasta maker
attachment for my pitcher name I've been
wanting one of these for like a year so
it was a really really good president
very stoked on that I feel doomed I feel
like there's no way I'm not gonna get
sick I slept in the same bed as Rachel
last night we were sharing drinks last
night sharing food but I don't see a
world in which I don't get sick and then
I was with Andrew all day now he's
throwing up how my cousin Stephanie sick
I was with her two nights ago Trent was
sick three days ago vomiting everyone
with him that goes inevitable
cutest little monkey can clap clap can
you clap he just learned to clap and to
wave I'm feeling very nauseous I'm
trying to ignore it and pretend that
it's not happening
I was holding Duncan and just it like
hit me and I was like I hope this is one
of those times you know when you're
around people who are sick and so your
mind goes wait I think I'm sick too
I think that's what's happening I'm
hoping that's what's happening so I'm
just going to sit in this chair and just
I don't
err lipizzans what's this dance we're
doing here
what have I done to that oh my god I
tried rocking in this rocking chair and
I was like I'm gonna throw up
I think I'm sick I'm trying to like nah
I'm drunk sorry to be like I'm not sick
I'm not sick I'm not sick I'm not sick
right hook really nauseous and I live
like 45 minutes drive from here so I'm
nervous about the drive home future
stressed I really don't want to barf and
barfing barfing it's Laura's thing in
the world ah well I'm back home this is
the weirdest Christmas ever
my family is really big on traditions
especially at Christmastime and this is
the first year we'd ever tried something
new where we did Christmas at my house
Christmas morning I've never done that
before I've always liked Christmas
morning at my parents house and then
tonight the cookie party widget
Jessica's house and it's just such a
bummer that like the first year we tried
new traditions is the same year that
everyone got sick I started feeling
really nauseous
I still feel super nauseous my stomach
is killing me and I live a pretty far
drive from Christopher and Jessica so I
didn't want to start vomiting at their
house and then have to drive back here
alone at night on Christmas while
barfing so I just got a barf bag and got
in my car I drove back home I know it's
8 p.m. on Christmas night and I am home
alone that makes me want to cry
I know it's just a day and like whatever
but it's just so weird to think like my
family is everything to me and my family
they're my best friends and we're all so
important to each other and like and
it's so weird to think I have such a
great family and on Christmas day I'm
alone it's really sad and Rachel's alone
and my cousins Andrew and Stephanie are
alone at their house and my parents are
alone at their house and that's just so
not our family it's so bizarre because
we're such a family-oriented family it's
just really weird that on Christmas day
of all days our favorite day of the
whole year we're all alone in our
separate houses sick so my mom at the
end of the cookie party completely lost
her voice she got laryngitis out of
nowhere like Jessica's laryngitis last
week and so maybe that's where she got
it but she like all of a sudden her
bushes stopped working now her throat
was swollen on fire
I started feeling super nauseous I
couldn't even stand up with feeling
without feeling I was gonna throw up
Andrew left the party Casey's mom like
our family's a mess right now
so it's really sad like I don't remember
the last time I ended a vlog okay like
I've been vlogging on Christmas every
year for eight years seven years
something like that so the fact that I'm
literally ending a Christmas vlog alone
in my home like no family anywhere and
it's 8 p.m. like it makes me want to cry
if like it's really sad so I'm trying
really hard to stay positive like I had
a lot of fun yesterday at Christmas Eve
not a lot of fun the night before last
night with my family and we're planning
on doing some sort of get together and
like a week or something when everyone's
feeling better and doing like a big
Christmas party with the whole family to
kind of make up for it so it's just a
day and that's like how I'm trying to
like tell myself like oh it's just one
day of the year it's not a big deal like
I'm so grateful I have a wonderful
family I'm trying not to like be too sad
about it I'm trying to look at the
bright side and but it's just it's sad
it's really weird and I baked all day
yesterday I literally baked all day
making all those treats and like
couldn't even enjoy the party or like
watch people try them and see what they
liked like I don't even get any pictures
I didn't think it'd take a single
picture usually I have like a million
pictures from Christmas it's so weird
what
your day so I'm probably just gonna like
lay in bed and drink Gatorade I've been
pounding water and vitamins and airborne
all stuff and I'm gonna just keep
pounding water and probably just watch
TV and like try to go to sleep early but
I hope you guys all had a wonderful
Christmas with your family and friends
and yeah I will not see you guys
tomorrow
this is the last vlog oh what a sour
note to end on I can't believe this is
the last day of vlogging oh my god it's
so weird
I'll definitely vlog again and probably
in January but I need to take like a
week or two off because first of all
clearly I'm getting the flu and second
of all I just need to break I'm so
stressed my cats are ripping something
apart I need to go I was like I'm gonna
throw up okay
you
