it's gory none please
baby's got a ball the file fees are
going to go all about it's Christmas
morning it's baby's first Christmas it's
your first Christmas khuskhus good
morning my Christmas everybody I'm
wearing on the dunkers no you're not I
just remembered we have hood for the
impact on my name tag on I got my dad
this my jacket because he looks like
Indiana Jones and everyone thinks he
looks like Harrison Ford and whenever he
goes anywhere people are like are you
Harrison Ford
just once y'all know it's only been one
second since you last saw him but for us
it's been about 20 minutes so we're in
the half so what what all the young
hipsters your raps
haha you know what I always want keep in
wanting the same thing for Christmas
every year since they were three years
old just a tool all in gadget
all right mom hope you haven't Rachel's
presents on accident she just about peed
her pants when she realize she did they
get she try to rewrap it
I mean it's five I just think it's
hilarious a jewelry wrap the present a
big present for me why why do you
dismiss this is your best present for
sure mary-kate
what is this it's very that what is it
they're sent we know a flea is it just
glitter to spray in my face mary-kate
and Ashley body mist and it's literally
just a water with glitter in it I never
want this touching me but I'm totally
putting it on sit so when we're done
opening Christmas presents we get to do
our stockings a lot most people do
stockings before I think but we do them
after our presents dust and
little mama heart okay so my dad didn't
stockings this year so I feel like we're
in for a treat from Grandma and you got
a fish one I don't know about this one
okay I bet you like this the cutest it
has ever happened on the camera notice
another wine you're going to hate this
but it's for the good of the nation
he's got a ball the Falcons are excited
again all about it looks ridiculous
here we are not wit don't church my
reindeer and roof went out Andrew's
house and he makes a idle Mahinmi I
don't Andrew does who stands in the
kitchen and hovers and judges the food
you make actually I'm a teacher I help
and testers oh yeah Stephanie is most
and it makes you healthy we have
Christmas breakfast here every single
year - my favorite for bitching tempo
elephant check it out
watch my waves how you play white
elephant is someone opens a present and
then the next person goes
and they need to either pick a new
present or they can steal and something
can only be stolen a total of twice it
can touch three people's hands so three
can have three owners that is how you
play what else and ladies engines not
Joey's made-up way if you watch that
blog is Rams
I'm a car oh yeah I can host real
terrible party with a Larry the Rams are
playing on the Super Bowl oh yeah no
work oh that's the worst time somebody
there's what I open is the potential
steel happening a potential steal Rachel
speaking about stealing the massager
there's three gifts left all the spices
and the flavor
oh girl you just got a new challenge for
you too are we gonna steal if you have
another steal damn I just you hey
there's a massager over here that oh she
digs a ghostie there's no stealing
healthier oh so bad
there's been one stealing this year last
all right are you stealing what he said
oh oh it's done now - oh okay are you
stealing are you
your pay
yeah
by travelpod member
it is so many hours later 70 sauce was
amazing but we had to come home and fake
so everything is coming along look at
all the trains look at all the trains
this is like the calmest it's been on
Christmas Eve day for the Christmas
party normally we are randomly trying to
get ready for the Christmas party in
Annan madness but today has been kind of
chill so we're having a little barbecue
normally we have a tradition of going to
Carl's jr. but Crouch jr. is closed this
year on Christmas which I'm so offended
so we're having a little barbecue we'll
have some barbecue on Christmas I love
being California I know most people are
like you have to have a white Christmas
you have to be in the snow like most
people feel that way but I grew up on
the beach for Christmas so I I like that
we have barbecues and like I'm wearing
no sleeves right now and the windows are
all open like it's a beautiful day
outside that's Christmas to me so yeah
what do you guys preferred you does it
have to snow I feel like most people
feel like it has to snow Christmas for
me I don't care um I I like the Sun so
doesn't bug me but okey doke everything
is set up did less than I usually do I
think oh there's nothing there's no hole
but here is everything
my brother his family just got here and
the kids are about to open presents oh
they are in the process of opening
presents and Parker's about to this
present for me all right mama put this
one down for Parker you can really be
Miranda so it's for your Miranda shows
and it's your size that's yours where
your Brandon shows that's okay it's just
like mine Parker auntie pants yeah you
get another one look what's on the top
do you know what that is building
it's whose bow you have to Jojo bow yeah
I know Jojo do you know Jojo again if
this is one of you thinks that she's
always wanted open it up Bailey whoa
girls and stuff I filled it with jewelry
every little girl needs lots of sparkly
jewelry Hey no chaser all right Jacob
yeah I've had this for a long time
waiting to give to you you've been
asking settle for a long time
you're welcome the party is going well
up Christmas something yoke a bunch of
friends from from high school are here
which is crazy here's the progress of
the desserts half the reindeer God have
the peppermint truffles are gone there's
a hair on the table that's disgusting
half the ministry cupcakes are gone
people are eating the food and Gus Gus
is living his best life because he
Cory's finally here and he's so happy
I'm Cory mom oh my god she look who got
me I'm like freaking out about it he got
me a little coach pack dress cute is
this offices this is definitely my
favorite present I got this year and has
like like these cute like studs on it
and I like a little sparkly so it's like
bury me I think it's so cute and I've
never had like a fancy backpack or a
fancy purse or anything like that so to
have like a fancy coach backpack is very
exciting
oh man I didn't close out the vlog last
night because I was just having too much
fun with my family and friends what a
success Christmas was so much fun like
seriously the most fun I'm so happy I
feel so lucky to have such an incredible
freaking family to hang out with every
day and such awesome friends like I just
like the luckiest girl in the world and
I love the holidays anyway I am in the
car and I'm with Gus
he is very cozy in his little cage
he loves this thing he just gets in it
and like cozies up and falls asleep
anyway we're driving back to LA and yeah
I'm not going to be vlogging every day
now I'll Silve log every once in a while
but every day I just can't do because
I'm getting ready for my tour so if you
guys want to see me alive in a person
get tickets to my tour all over the
United States the first like they'll
pretty much the entire month of January
I'm going to be gone and I'm really
excited about it so I love you guys and
have a wonderful week have a great Happy
New Year if I don't blog before then I
love you and I'll see an example stop
like my flank damage in me with your
seat Lane
