you are my best friend and one play with
you hello everybody it's Christmas Eve
with your app I almost just dropped you
on the ground if you are watching this
bright as I posted it's Christmas Merry
Christmas or happy second day of
Hanukkah or I don't know in kwanzas or
if you don't celebrate anything happy
day um we are getting ready for the
Christmas cookie party mom's making
almost candy bars over there and yeah
tonight we're going to my brother's
house for his little Christmas Eve
get-together
I stole Christmas shopping to do I don't
know how this happens every year I feel
like I'm on top of it I'm ready to go I
have everything I need and then every
day oh my god I need to go get this and
every day I'm shopping and I don't
understand how that happens does that
happen to you guys
examines me um okay so I am going to go
shopping now go buy at this line y'all
the longest man you're a Michaels grave
so I swear I've been to Michaels craft
like 400 times in the last month getting
ready for Christmas okay so my cat Oh
first of all we talked about this
my cat pooped all over the bed last
night and whenever I talk about my
pooping everywhere he doesn't actually
poop on the bed or on me he poops in his
litter box and then he steps in it and
then he walks on my bed so like that's
how poop gets in my bed everyone's like
why is any potty trained
he's totally potty trained he just steps
in his own poop every time he poops um
anyway he's been admiring my mom's dogs
from afar and he like is obsessive them
and I want to take him up with close and
personal to the dogs and see how he
responds I feel like he's gonna freak
out
why does he love to hugs it so crazy he
loves dogs but he put here a cat like
kisses he's not shaking or anything he
like he like is scared of the cat
he's not scared of dogs at all what
Cinderella scared of him what is scared
we've got us the Queen already we're in
the car of your head - Christopher's
Christmas party trend and Andrew my bro
ready
Rachel's meeting and tear the whole
family there
why Taliban we're gonna need for food
we're going to come home a big score but
look at this amazing drive so you're
still lucky that you have to grow up in
Santa Barbara emigrant oh it's the most
beautiful place where all oh my god my
camera holy just broke the like
viewfinders that pops up just like
shattered and like fell off and shadow
that was very true another okay so I was
just looking at Twitter because I'm
constantly on Twitter if you know follow
me on Twitter please do because I'm
literally on Twitter probably 12 hours a
day
Marin : splitters that I stand Andrew
and put a picture of Andrew laughing
this and I showed it to Andrew just to
feel like what he got fanboy and he was
like what's Stan with a stamp and fro my
god my mom knows it Stan I don't know
when Danny I don't know the lingo he is
like when you are more than a fan like
if you stand someone it means like it's
like the most
it's like doggy hair too fast yeah it's
like again yeah so she was worried about
my safety like a compliment I just fixed
caline's camera she was missing screws
so I took screws out of this camera and
fixed her camera boom brotherly love
rubbing present I have to show you
Jessica meme have Lobo which is like my
favorite Jessica's got me hooked on
Pavlova they made it a lot on Seth
haters back off it was very often our
dessert with customers and it's like my
favorite thing of all
all right we're opening presents who's
next
there's a lot of stuff in here you liked
it I love it it's the best present ever
this my favorite present I got this here
are this and the one that Bailey just
gave me ornament and then her heart's
exploding thank you love it oh my
goodness you're such a good artist this
is so good look at this that's so good
Harford Hayley oh my gosh okay so
Christopher is actually a magician
Taconic click on your face I know it's
working there you go so Christopher's a
magician for realies a magician but also
he's a magician with technology because
he just fixed my camera so that it
doesn't look as terrible oh my gosh it
was on like all day
and Rachel Getting hamsa now hopefully
it looks better does it look better
what do you think how do I look guys I
have to make a formal apology to this
beautiful woman because I am so so so my
mom because Jessica told me she was
going to a party where they're gonna eat
every flavor of cheesecake and I was
like that's a really good video idea she
said she was going to a party and she
was like and everyone is gonna eat
everything my flavor and I was like oh
that's sounds like a really fun party
and also a really good video idea
so then I I said in my mouth I was like
I'm gonna do this thing I got it I got
this idea from her and didn't even know
that it was for a video I thought it's
just a party and I totally snatched her
video idea posted the video before her
video and stole it right ID okay so bad
later egg night is so bad so as an
apology I wrote please go subscribe to
her channel I'm gonna put the link below
I feel so bad and go but your version hi
my video sucks no I know I haven't seen
yet but I know it's um no but I do feel
I felt so bad about I was telling
Jessica and she was like yeah I thought
it was weird that you you like totally
stole her idea and I was like I did not
know like I thought it was just a party
I've no YouTube and I'm like oh is that
how it works like you wanted to steal
other babe okay no I did not know that
it's not how it works
I thought she was just saying that she
was gonna go to party where this was
happening I did not know it's a video
idea I never was
I felt so bad because I had formal
apology and I'm already gone
oh thank you anyway go subscribe to her
right now because I'm the worst person
in the world I know don't do it we don't
steal ideas from people that was like oh
my god I felt really bad I still feel
really bad no but I step back
it is so many hours later it is 11:30
p.m. and we're home the party was really
fun and I have spent the evening Thank
You ruff oh yeah well I spent the
evening baking uh we're almost ready for
the cookie party I still to make peanut
butter cookie reindeers and I have to
make chocolate chip cookies and I have
to make rice krispie treats oh that's it
but I've made a lot of stuff with that
would take me a week to make one of
those I mean look how cute the trees
turn out that I made yesterday if you
guys watch my vlog from yesterday I made
these trees and I put them on funfetti
cupcakes with like it makes it look like
snow the sprinkles I put how cute is
that and then we have gluten-free
chocolate cupcakes with peanut butter
frosting almost candy bars there's some
brownies with Reese's Pieces cups in
there so we are trekking along but
Rachel I need to make our annual walk
workers awkward Christmas video we've
been doing this for I think almost nine
years Junior is that long nine or ten
years we've been doing it whoa because
the Christmas shoes one was seven years
ago the Chris awkward Christmas one was
before Miranda so we're making it right
now if you haven't seen yet go check it
out on Rachel's channel should be up
tonight oh it's underground Sunday after
Christmas so tomorrow is Christmas Oh
Sunday calling okay I need to go to
sleep my little Gus Gus Gus how cute is
this kid I know that the morning started
off rough between us and he pooped all
over my bed and all over my mother's bed
and all over my hair and he didn't poop
on me he just pooped and stepped in it
and then stepped all over the house but
come on how can you stay mad at that
cute little face he's so sweet I love
that he just like lets me carry him and
walk around and doesn't care at all he's
the best
so we're wrapping presents and making
cookies and then tomorrow's Christmas
and I'm so excited so thanks for
watching my Christmas Eve everybody
tomorrow's Christmas Day and I want to
make a little announcement so originally
I said I was going to vlog every day for
the rest of this year and I have decided
to watch you say
I'm going to stop vlogging everyday um
the day after Christmas and but don't be
upset I'm going to start vlogging again
every day probably the beginning of next
year especially when I go on tour so I
leave for 2 or January 10th so for sure
starting January 10th I'm going to be
vlogging all the time and I'll probably
vlog before then too but doing it
everyday is um it's a lot of extra work
for me because I'm already posting
videos on Mondays Tuesdays Thursdays and
Fridays on my main channels and I do all
my own editing myself I don't have an
editor and so it's a lot of extra work
for me here's the reason I need to pull
back on the workload a little bit I'm
going on tour in January and I'm writing
a new show so I need all next week to
really just focus and work and write and
make props and rehearse and I think it's
just going to be too hard to be editing
every single day and uploading every
single day so I might vlog some of it
and post it randomly but I'm not going
to commit to doing it every single day
because I just need the time to focus on
my other work which is my touring but
yeah I will see this tomorrow on
Christmas Day and I love you and I hope
you're having a wonderful holiday season
with all your family and I'll see you on
anyway
no no stop like like like damn virginity
with your seatmate
