it's morally unworthy we gonna make a
movie come on it was scary monster a lot
of you guys are asking about this really
expensive hair dryer that I bought for
my main channel I tested it but I never
tested the curly thing like the
scruncher thingy so I'm going to try
that right now some of you were asking
about is that's what I'm gonna do
hi welcome to vlogmas okay so first of
all can we talk about my makeup right
now did I just do the challenge where
you use kids makeup I don't my makeup is
terrifying I don't know what I was
thinking I'm going to take it off
immediately it's purple it's blue I
don't know what what am i doing why did
I do this to my face it is the worst
thing well but I wanted easy on the hair
I feel like it dried my hair any faster
I don't feel like it made it any curlier
I feel like I'd rather just use the blow
dryer I always use so that $400 hair
dryer is totally not worth the money it
was really like fun play with it blow
dries your hair really fast but like
having your hair dry faster is not worth
$400 oh my god my eye shadow am i I
Colleen from 2009 why did I do this I
cannot wait to take it off right now
I've got to eat some lunch girl it is
hours later and yes my eye shadow is
still discolor renews yet but look what
I got in them oh my eyes shadow like
seeing it as horrifying um look what I
got in the mail look at these beautiful
shoes Sharon and Savannah Forbes since
these two my p.o box
they are my dream shoe a sparkly shoe
are you kidding look at this these are
amazing thank you so so so much my
collection of sparkly shoes is growing
to an embarrassing degree but these are
my definite new favorites thank you
they're so good luck out oh yeah today
my mom and I just we just a little bit
of Christmas shopping and now I'm gonna
wrap presents we're just gonna kind of
take it easy were probably gonna bake
because every Christmas night we have a
big Christmas cookie party and by big I
mean it's like the same people who are
at my house every night but we're just
eating lots of cookies
anything excuse me the excuse to bake
every cookie and cupcake and dessert on
the planet and so we're probably going
to start baking tonight all right so I
did as much rapping as I think my brain
can handle for tonight Andrews here oh
and Trent is here and we're gonna go to
grocery store and get a bunch of stuff
to make Christmas cookies or start the
process because it is a hectic process
for some school crews moorthi we gonna
make a movie a movie a movie and in a
funky no-name booty ain't punky you Miss
Muffet eres lo mismo si
I'm not what we're doing I don't know
what's happening investing with our
families like anyone who isn't a part of
this building it would just like watch
one of my videos to be like they're all
drunk they're all high and we're always
like crazy and surprising like high on
cookies just chocolate chip cookies and
way too much soda okay the first thing I
got to do before I can bake is get more
comfortable I'm already wearing a cozy
sweater you think Colleen that's
comfortable it is but it's white and oh
my god and my eyeshadows still this
color um
it is why lord knows I am going to get
very messy so I need change also I'm
wearing skinny jeans honey it's not time
for the back full three two one
in a onesie that is very dirty already I
desperately need to wash it because I've
worn it like three weeks in a row my mom
puts on YouTube videos for cats you like
the ones that hide good eat it
where you go you guys
he's of you he wants the computer thank
god that's how I feel about those
waiting things to go okay the first
thing we're going to make is my favorite
dessert I make every single year for the
Christmas cookie party uh these are a
must if these don't know that the
Christmas cookie party it is not a
Ballinger Christmas cookie party
butterscotch peanut butter fudge rice
krispies sandwich that sounds weird but
that is what it's called let's go first
thing you got to do is melt a bag of
butterscotch morsels and a cup of peanut
butter in a big saucepan once that's
melted then you add 8 cups of rice
krispies cereal you take half of the
butterscotch crispy stuff and press it
down into a nice cake pan and let it
chill in the fridge then in a double
boiler I'm not using a double boiler
because I'm a rebel but usually if you
don't use a double boiler your chocolate
will burn what you're going to do is
you're going to put in a cup of powdered
sugar 2 tablespoons of water 2 cups
chocolate chips and 4 tablespoons of
butter and that gets all melted to get
that what's the chocolates melted you're
going to pour it over the half of
butterscotch stuff you put in the fridge
earlier and then you're going to pour
the rest of the rice krispies stuff on
top press it all down and put it in the
fridge and once it's hard it is
holy smokes the best thing you've ever
had in your entire life connects to
making these
peppermint oreo truffle balls I've never
made these before so I don't know how
these are gonna turn out our baby tastes
good but I'm a triumph it's a prison is
crushed Oreos I don't have a food
processor rolling pin I don't have a big
bag for him so I'm just doing it on a
cookie sheet my arm literally felt like
was gonna fall off so my dad took over
it's looking pretty good and you just
take 8 ounces of cream cheese and this
recipe calls for a teaspoon and a half
of peppermint extract which I don't have
so I just use vanilla extract and we'll
put pepper peppermint on the top coating
to give it that different flavor and see
if that works so once it looks like
paste I guess is when you put it in the
fridge I'm gonna chill for an hour
Noah rollable while I'm waiting for
those cheese balls cheese balls for
those cake balls what am I thinking of
Miranda to harden or to get part I'm
going to make little Christmas trees to
put in cupcakes as you can see I've been
eating chocolate so what I do is I take
pretzel sticks and melt some white
chocolate and then put food coloring in
it and a little baggie cut a little hold
the tip of the baggie and then make
little Christmas trees and then you add
those sprinkles to it to make it look
like performance so this definitely was
not easy but this is what they look like
now see how they taste kind of cute
sort of let's see how they take a little
ball
mmm okay that was good
now it's really good I'm Alana mom our
men do it all right guys it's midnight
we're gonna watch It's a Wonderful Life
and I'm gonna go to bed tomorrow's
Christmas Eve I'm gonna be baking all
day that's how we roll
then I'm gonna Christopher just doing
what are you doing all right I'm going
to bed
I love you guys thanks for watching see
you tomorrow no stop like like right
down to me with your seat mate
