this is the most confusing I've ever
looked hey starting the day off right
as Miranda sings um yes so I've been
filming music Lee's trying to get into
that is hard y'all like I am NOT eight
so it's hard for me to like get into
musically cuz I just feel like it's it's
a cool app it's like a super cool app
and it's for kids like and I'm not a kid
so my lipstick is coming off more on um
it's hard for me I don't I feel so old
like I feel like I don't understand it I
don't understand how it works or how to
I don't know so I gotta figure it out
trying to films music Lee's and then I
filmed a Miranda video I need to film
more I'm having such a hard time coming
up with ideas um doing them every day
has been hard for me this year um so I
don't know I'm trying to figure out what
else to do but yeah I am going to film
maybe another video or two if I can
think of some ideas and then take a
shower and then um I'm going to club
with Lilly today in a few hours and then
I'm clubbing with Joey tonight so it's a
it's a filmed filming full day like I'm
just filming all day today which is
really fun hey y'all alright so now I
have decided to look tragic and make
some Christmas cookies because I bought
these snowman cookies a while ago and I
still need to make them and these are
delicious
I made Christmas tree ones I'm watching
kahlil's blog I made Christmas tree ones
a couple weeks ago and they were
delicious and I ate pretty much all of
them so and these are easy just like put
them in the oven so I'm more excited
about this so something my mom always
does with these is she rolls the edges
of them in little sprinkles so even
though it's like simply homemade with
Sandra Lee you like make something
that's already made but like give it a
little spice you just Church it up a
little bit and so that's what I'm gonna
do I take the little tiny sprinkles and
you just roll the dough in it's delish
and now when it bakes it'll have a
little sparkly fun Christmas Eve edge oh
okay
this is what they end up looking like
you've got little sprinkles on the sides
isn't that cute
and I had some plan was to so I'm what
somebody's a little baggy and take them
to lilies and I just realized that I
don't think I'm supposed to tell you
guys that I was doing video with Lily
I'm pretty sure this year her vlogmas
was like surprises like who she was
clubbing with was supposed to be a
surprise and I totally like told you
guys so my bad
so just pretend that you're surprised
when the video comes out I am at okay
focus camera can you get your life
together
I'm Lily you know or am I we are okay
this is and this is about to become very
iconic I'm going to have a beard on the
second yes oh my god I love it you're
going character look good good I mean
what not what you mean you ain't gonna
do it anymore
okay so I'm becoming but I'm actually
the second duck oh I can't wait for you
I know oh no I do it out yeah we're
should we're basically kissing right now
this is looks like I just let me know
what you and your brother do this I will
do it's like blending in with the black
liquid right not really
I think it didn't work okay get into the
beard on oh my god
come on to this do you go through
actually no athleticism for nobody
so just powder is so romantic
this is the best first date great
okay we're gonna come out by someone we
miss is getting so weird so we're gonna
go around the premises and went you boys
this room are you my daddy sandals yeah
my daddy's daddy did she say that to you
she will look at further look at it yeah
yeah yeah I can just see the top your
forehead to the mine okay this is
confusing I'm now wearing normal clothes
but if McGee's eyebrows and beard and
random lipstick and hair this is the
most confusing this is the most
confusing I've ever looked I looked
confusing before that this is standard
what to beat the next club this is a you
can't get some how would you be like you
asthma geez what dressed up is gonna do
but it was should be it's like oh my god
this eyebrow all over me it should be
like monkeys like knee-jerk of like
Miranda's dress up but with Manjeet
but like imitating clink like it it's
like top number topics it's crazy okay
so this is supposed to take all this
well it takes it off but you scrap don't
look for me okay I'm okay
so do i Ross yeah okay
I suck at singing you know I started
like wash it a little bit after - oh my
god oh my god yeah okay okay well you
sold Holloway I'm gonna take this off
goodbye
I'm not Joey why I'm like I know
alter-ego tell companions and you I've
been so many people today those men G it
is real right I know my exposure
trampled you have four trillion lights
on in here we just gonna be up on my
channel rounds channel
we never know like where our
relationship is like is like whatever we
feel more like it's mine about you are
we are we dating are we engaged are we
broken up okay I think I never know
where we are and guess what else
this camera is never focused do you see
this yeah I've dealt with that that
that's why I upgraded yeah great no all
right we're gonna go film some more me
oh my god what a day what a day it
looked like a beam so I got just totally
demolished at Joey's house we did a
collab where I ended up getting soaking
wet obviously I I feel like every time I
leave Joey's house I leave with a bag of
wet Miranda clothes because I'm either
in his hot tub or taking a Slurpee bath
or we did what we did tonight anyway um
love you guys and thanks for watching
and thanks for being positive and kind
and just you guys are wonderful Olivia
and I will talk to you tomorrow I'm
going to hey y'all so I didn't vlog
today really I tried to take it easy and
I couldn't post a vlog today because the
vlog was about the club I did Lily which
is a secret so I couldn't post it until
that came out so so now so now that the
video with Lily's out I could post that
vlog from I was gonna post today this is
all confusing it makes no sense to you
anyway I didn't really talk today um I
just went Christmas shopping and wrapped
Christmas presents and ate Taco Bell and
I'm packing to go to Santa Barbara cuz I
am going to Santa Barbara to be with my
family until Christmas and I'm very
happy about it so I can let me to Santa
Barbara y'all
Oh No stop Mike Mike Mike damage in your
seatmate huh
Carol you're so funny always bringing me
my eggnog bro
why don't you come over here and I'll be
with these jingle bells
