it's Maureen bleep her you better focus
on these faith girl yeah so I didn't
really belong at all yesterday um just
wasn't feeling up to it honestly and
didn't do much I just drove to Santa
Barbara and I don't my fam but I'm with
my mom now and I'm home for the holidays
and I'm so excited
Oh vlogging at Christmastime is always
like so makes me so happy because
especially in Santa Barbara because this
is where I started vlogging on this
channel in 2009 I think cuz when I
started was it mm yeah I think 2009 was
the first year where I've logged on
Christmas and I was like I'm gonna try
to vlog for like two weeks straight and
I was like really nervous about it and I
had so much fun they're horrible vlogs
but they're on this chair they're not on
the show there on the second spreadin
channel anyway um I'm with my mom and
we're gonna do some Christmas shopping
last-minute and I'm wearing my Tyler
Oakley and glasses today if you want to
get them warmer Parker wore Parker I
don't know why I can't say that every
time I trying to say it I can't my
sisters have something funny the other
day oh I was talking about glasses like
these last I wear fake line I don't need
glasses I have very good vision and so I
don't need them and I love glasses
though like I wish I could wear glasses
and she was like you wearing glasses is
like you wearing a hearing aid like it
is so stupid it is so pointless she's
like I have to wear glasses to see just
like a person who wears hearing aids has
to wear hearing aids to hear like you
wearing glasses is like you wearing hear
a hearing aid like it's so stupid I
thought that was really funny and very
accurate so
I'm an idiot apparently okay bye girl
you better focus on me spice girl
shopping the mom is fun now andrew is
here because he's always here because
his family and Mama made cookies you
guys don't know I got my cookie
obsession
I'm always tweeting about how boys
eating cookies for breakfast and for
lunch and for dinner and for midnight
snacks and how much making cookies
it is definitely like something that
runs in the family and I'm not kidding
like I'm not being sarcastic
I eat cookies every day like I am always
eating cookies save already had to and
this is my third one and they're amazing
so my mom has a cookie recipe that she
always does and then I have a cookie
recipe that I always do but moms are the
best like you can't beat mom's cookies
I'm gonna go to Tina's house tonight to
hang out and have dinner with her I just
love the holidays I'm just so happy to
be home guys YouTube sent me a Christmas
present we're gonna open it together
race you to see my Christmas present
from YouTube YouTube yeah where's
British Christmas present YouTube
mine where's monstrous is ready YouTube
come on watch it why why am I scared
it says Miranda sings but that ain't no
Miranda swings this is cool okay here
actually mom will you will you hold this
I can sew blog for you vlog vlog vlog ma
ma the ODE vlog mom can flog I can flog
it look at this YouTube box of dream
2016 is almost in the books maybe you
did the Running Man cool with all these
cool pins thanks YouTube look at this Oh
ah yes with pants thanks YouTube
negative oh no no for Colo which you I
am a tease house and there's a puppy
who's this Jackson Weston
this is penny right I found Simon's
ukulele and Simon has tambourine play
and Simon can sing so we are singing
Christmas carols also Simon has YouTube
channel with his wife and his children
and his 400 animals so maybe I I just
ride them do you have so many attaboy
the Christmas special I wrapped it up
and say
thank you to the cooks I'm assuming
bonding yummy delicious food oh my god
was just filmed a video chanting
Christmas toys and it was so hectic ooh
there's so many people here you're all
just screaming it was such a hot mess
but it was really really fun controllers
and Weston wants to continue to fly the
drone we're going outside this is gonna
this is my cousin Weston by the way
accident like 10 times in this video but
his sister is Amy who's the one that you
guys all think I look like it's
identical to we're like twins that's his
little sister so anyway we're gonna play
with these toys some more and then I'm
gonna go home and wrap Christmas
presents all righty we are back home
okay Rachel just asked me when the first
time I was that I called her angel of
days what happened why why did I start
big called Alice's probably something
insignificant she probably just like
walked past was like a angel up day off
it's like I always I'm just like saying
weird stuff like that but my dad made a
classic Ballinger treat which is
cupcakes in a cone you guys know I've
already said it like 20 times this
vlogmas cuz we make these all time since
I have pictures of me at like age one
eating these this is just a family
classic where you make cake and put it
inside a cupcake cone or you put inside
of an ice cream cone
and then you bake it and then you put
frosting on it and it's delicious and
then we always have it at my house um so
my dad made that it's midnight and we
are eating cupcakes and a cone already
had two and I'm definitely have another
we're gonna wrap Christmas presents and
watch Christmas movies for Joe and
Andrew still here I always he's always
here um yeah we're having a good time
we're gonna watch a movie yeah your life
is being with your family that's the
best life ever
you toured it all of us yeah that's true
all we do is film ourselves doing
nothing stop like why Frank damn
virginity with your seatmate
