no and I feel like honored hey guys good
morning or good afternoon now I've been
at work all morning I went into work and
we worked until hood is like for now or
something
the showrunners Gigi and Perry gave us
these mugs and they're so great look it
says Cheers
and it's Miranda and it's us on set and
it's like all these behind the scenes
photos it's so cool I love it this is
like my favorite thing in the world so
very stoked on that anyway I need to do
some editing and get some work done
before tonight because I'm going to
enjoy this office Christmas party which
is very exciting so we wrote some very
exciting fun things today I can't wait
for you guys to see season tail what's
up y'all okay so I'm just waiting for
JEP I just said Jessica or is about to
Jessica and that is not who I meant
Heather to get to my place and we're
gonna have some dinner quickly I post
mated some food and we're gonna go to
Joey's house but I just got a really
exciting text messages from why am i
going crazy
why can't I talk why don't I say text
messages why did I say Jessica I'm
losing my mind and this one hair like
goodbye anyway I got an exciting text
message for my wife Lily um just text me
and ask me to be part of her twelve
claps of Christmas I'm so honored the
queen of YouTube the literal queen of
YouTube literally the queen of YouTube
to the point where on the YouTube rewind
video where everyone is in like one half
of a millisecond of the video
Lily comes traipsing in with every
single woman's water breaking all over
the universe and it's like hello you can
stop this YouTube rewind video because I
am here and I am the queen now we can
continue
it is like the lily sing video with a
bunch of other youtubers the queen of
YouTube lily I love her so much she's
the sweetest girl she's the most
down-to-earth like in the entire
universe like when I was going through a
really hard time a couple months ago she
came over and brought me food and wine
and like just talked to
to me for hours and just was so
comforting and sweet and wonderful and
she's always been like that to me so I'm
excited clad with her but I'm more
excited to just see her because I love
her so much
beuse mates gotta go I'm with Heather
now and we're getting just because
Joey's having a white elephant it itches
oh yeah caterpillars like that I mean it
when elephant gift in the world I think
you're supposed to get like good things
for like I don't do it that way so I
gotta figure out how to hide like wrap
this thing in the over on the way to
Joey's my blog cameras in my purse over
there so I'm using my bones and I am NOT
URI yes I am with Joey right now and if
you're doing a white elephant and I
picked the best number and you mean you
put him back I miscounted
I'm sorry about that I was gonna bring
white elephants okay but there was more
than 16 people
she had 16 and there were four more
people so they would have it would have
gone up to 20 I'm so mad are you super
getting the second is my probation is
all the members of your parish I'm just
I'm coming back she's a bitch what you
guys okay say my friend Kat was here
last year
she stole for me see you see here here
this year got it okay so weird okay well
basically what it is
there's numbered everyone got a number
one through I think 21 and so number one
will come up pick a gift the old man in
front of everyone
and then that's it for one - what comes
around and can pick another gift open it
and if they don't like it they can swap
with anyone before them so they only
really have option of that's not one um
so it's good to have number water for
the last one I thought you didn't get to
open yeah I thought you it's different
okay
okay girl okay fine whatever make up
your own rules that's fine man
wait so you open if you don't like it
you steal from someone else yeah yeah is
there is there a limit on how many times
something can be stolen what no it can
be it was on sale she's stealing it no
no and I feel like honored I thought no
one would have wanted
I thought everyone here at bring like
bougie gifts that I would have like the
one weird thing
I'm taking the one that you brought in
last minute oh I see you shady Queen nah
you guys have nothing no handling the
world's most ridiculous
honking games and a candle if I don't
you're a definite candle oh my god Joey
has his target said yeah he's like
Target Lock oh there's a lifeboat oh is
Oscar covered in ice cream it's like I'm
taking to point out that I had a really
good number and Joey made me put it back
in the bucket and then I got a crappy
number and now look whose blast I'm
second to last Oh what what is going on
straw lace back but is it a drink
oh is it complet joy is that hmm
that is so not practical but I want it
that is the worst idea for a water
bottle and then just Oh Rose bath bomb
I'm going to swap but I mean that pie
face I feel like we make strategic Oh
everyone hold up yours no well that
pok√©mon ones
why don't you buy for yourself my 70 the
Kylie counter is still up for grabs
oh my gosh my face showdown have fun
guys do you want this in a video crew I
guess I kind of have to I mean I salt a
to kids playing with on Instagram love
to and I was like I need to get this
free sugar so aggressive why am i you
may think you see who I really am but
you'll never know me am i confusing you
hi guys
I forgot to close out the vlog sorry I
guess that's my new thing is like not
closing out the vlog at end of the night
I just had so much fun and then I forget
and I live my life instead of film it
and I'm sorry but I'm not sorry um
anyway last night was so fun I am never
invited to Christmas parties like that
is so not my life and so enjoying Daniel
invited me to their Christmas party I
was so excited and it was so much fun
you guys it was so nice to hang out with
just really wonderful people like I
don't know I I had a blast and it was
just so good for it was so good for me
to get out and get out of this office
you guys have seen my vlogmas this year
it's literally just been in this office
like working everyday so it's been it
was so nice to get out and like hang out
people and just laugh and have so much
fun it's not every time and thanks for
watching and I love you guys
I'll see an example oh by the way I'm
filming we render videos right now you
couldn't tell okay Carol why don't you
give me some
nog non-alcoholic I ain't no center hole
up on the housetop reindeer poles
I'm just gonna sample oh don't play the
channel name want some towing Oh more
you little ones grits less John
