I'm sleepy singing girl
good morning I just filmed a really fun
video look at Mikey little I just
filmed a really fun video where this is
a box of all my clothes for my childhood
like baby clothes
and I just tried them on and it was
really fun so that'll be out probably
Tuesday um I hope people like it's so
weird right now on YouTube it's like
hard I'm just gonna be honest it's hard
to figure out what to make to get people
to watch like everyone's views are
really dropping like flies like all my
friends on YouTube are like what is
going on and a lot of people on Twitter
I've been saying like oh I keep getting
unsubscribe to you of randomly so I
guess make sure that you're subscribed
to me on this channel on the Miranda
Channel psycho soprano channel um just
because a lot of people are saying like
they're not so just double-check and
make sure you are um but yeah it's
really weird no one knows what's going
on with YouTube right now and YouTube is
saying like no nothing's wrong nothing's
going on but like even PewDiePie like
everyone is talking about how all of our
views are dropping like flies our
subscribers are dropping like flies like
all the top youtubers are like what is
going on - really weird so I don't know
what's happening but so now I feel like
I'm just I used to make videos trying to
be like okay what's trending what's
popular what's going to get the views
cuz that's my job to like kind of know
what type of videos to post on my main
channels but now it's kind of like well
no one's watching them anyways I'm just
gonna do what you want so I thought this
would be a fun thing to do
we'll see you people watch who knows
anyway um I need to get ready to go I'm
still in Santa Barbara and we're gonna
go back to LA I have a bunch of work to
do in LA tonight and this week so Luna
go back to LA and then in a few days
hopefully come back home for the
holidays I'm very excited and Gus is
very excited you love grandma's house
don't you yes you dope
you'll not ground my house oh my god my
dad just brought out boxes that say
clean memories there's a leopard print
binder with who annoys her mix of ours
because this is my diary
booleans clothes designs Colleen's club
design oh my god okay sleepy singing
girl
oh my gosh ooh they snap off into shorts
these pajamas summer dress that's you oh
my god evening gown
Oh bathing suit Oh bathing suit and why
is this present of the worst teeth ever
oh just found this picture of me and
Ariana wearing bows she's obsessed with
bows like little bows when I met her and
so she let me borrow her headband and
the entire outfit I think I'm wearing
was Ari's she like dressed me even
though she was like 14 and I was like 20
to 15 22 I don't remember hmm and you're
not real you're too cute to be real
you're too cute to be real real huh
honking you don't funky noodles so sweet
I I'm gonna go to the store and try to
find stuff to film cuz I don't have any
videos for this week and I have to have
five random videos this week and I'm
totally not prepared at all so I'm gonna
let's turn to find some stuff to do I
don't know what to do oh my god okay so
I'm just going to throw my mail right
now and I got something from so Ella
amazing I have been watching her talk
about these for so long I'm so excited I
can have them I did know they were
available in the u.s. which means you
guys all need to go buy them for your
family and friends this is amazing thank
you so II get up here look how cute the
packaging is oh my god it smells so good
oh my god yay thanks Howie what's up
guys so I got mom-ish set up and I'm
just trying to stockpile some videos
because I would really love to enjoy the
holidays with my family so I feel like
tonight's going to be a late night
it's already pretty late and I'm gonna
spend the night filming kollene videos
it's not weird to talk about myself in
the third person anyway and then I'm
going to edit some of those videos and
then I'm going to turn into Miranda in
the night and I'm going to film a bunch
of Miranda videos and then I go to the
writers room wearing look at this one
hair that is just like being a total
asshole like why are you an asshole okay
so it's now 11 p.m. and of course I
ordered Taco Bell because health
so my post mates guy just hit on me
how embarrassing
um that was so uncomfortable for me I am
not used to that odda does not happen to
me and um yeah that was so weird
you want to talk about don't you kidding
hey oh you smell like poop you poop on
you with the heck throughout my life
anyway this guy um was like I like your
place I was like thanks he was like uh
very single and I was like what and he's
like do you want to go out and I was
like uh I know I'm good I thank you and
like to ram inside door oh so governor
well that does not happen to me that is
not happen to me once um so that was
really weird for me to experience yeah I
don't know my brain is feeling strange
okay I'm gonna edit some more and eat
Taco Bell my holy smokes okay it's
already midnight oh my god sorry man oh
no I hate that thirty midnight where the
time go um I have so much more work to I
have to make more anivia tonight Oh
sucks balls okay um I'm gonna close out
this vlog I have to go to work in the
morning and I still have to film and
edit Miranda videos tonight I uh yeah
tomorrow I'm going to the writers room
and then I'm doing a little Christmas
shopping doing some editing and then I'm
going to join rusev as Christmas party
which is very exciting
all right I love you guys I have to take
off all of this and make myself look
like Miranda for the rest of the night
okay love you bye
hey Carol why don't you give me some
eggnog
non-alcoholic I ain't no sinner haul up
on the housetop reindeer balls I'm just
gonna sample balls don't try to tell me
with lots of toys Oh more units a month
Christmas joy
