it's complete grammar time is the best
time good morning good morning actually
it's almost good afternoon I went back
to sleep after y'all woke me up this
morning yeah yeah you did
did you cuddle with me this morning aunt
yeah you did am I tired now
yeah yeah I am anyway I'm so crispy
Tostitos I still wish for this day ah
I'm a peon I'm actually scared today
knock knock alert I will get back up
again
hey I have a question why are you
wearing a belt because I really like
doing this connecting this oh that makes
sense
the kids are asking about season two
because they know we're writing it and
we just asked we're asking them like
okay well then what do you think should
happen is we're not gonna tell them the
stories of what we're writing and we
just as Parker what do you think should
happen the beginning of season two then
I should be alone the whole time I have
an idea yeah how about that bell ring
was her going like ding ding ding ding
and it just like an entire enough doing
us so my rant is the one who ring the
bell and then she's so tired that she
goes out in her backyard and got the
bill to pool I don't mean to belabor
just cuz you're tired yeah and then some
me ding-a-ling-a-ling and that was just
her pool filling up with water
cuz you know when you fill a pool with
water bells ring so I love these kids
you guys should all be in the writers
room time for me to change my clothes
I'm wearing these pants with the huge
hole in the knee
that you guys all made fun of and
everyone on Twitter was like Colleen
she's buying pants by the way if you
have not joined the Twitter fandom you
need to join the Twitter fandom follow
me on Twitter I am constantly on Twitter
every single day stalking you guys
favoriting tweets following people
dimming people constantly so the Twitter
fandom is like Damon homie so please
come join and have fun with all of us
it's a blast but anyway you guys on
Twitter always shape me for wearing
these jeans and I actually went out and
bought new jeans that still it holes in
them but like we're more like expensive
and trendy and cute and whatever I still
like these the best these are the most
comfortable jeans on me I don't know why
I just love these ones so I just I'm
still more than even though they're
ruined
hey I'm home and I required my family to
have a dance party
here
Wow the morinda alright so we are going
to do a little bit of Christmas shopping
but this is sweetheart our family cat if
you've been watching me long enough you
know who is it this is sweetheart
it's so weird to see cats with normal
faces now that I have a cat with a
smushed face who is announced by the way
we brought him you're looking for
Christmas presents and look at this man
he's my hero
Oh
we've spent the night just kind of
hanging out at the house and wrapping
Christmas presents and Gus has been
chillin on this gift for an hour and
Karina had just started pray to him
I am to say
look just little punky I love you and
that me so much
maybe I mean we were going to wait for
Stephanie to get here to start
decorating the Christmas tree but she's
taken forever girl Mikasa though it's
9:30 so Trent is here my brother Trent
my cousin Andrew while my brother cousin
my father and my brother best woman of
them and my mother and my sister and we
don't decorate this Detroit girl huh no
this is this is very exciting to me
because this is always one of my
favorite vlogs of the year like I feel
like I always go and rewatch the tree
decorating vlogs whenever I'm missing
Christmas because I have them from every
year back from like 2010 I think was the
first year that I did it and Bailey said
that she wanted to be a problem for
Christmas or something what yeah you can
see that I said what do you know that oh
I could what do you want to be when you
grow up Bailey and she said a problem
it's the most wonderful time
with the kids jingle Belling and
everyone telling you be of good cheer
Trent bought the Christmas tree this
year I did you did I didn't know that
thank you is that your Christmas present
I'm not pleased
well thank you is very nice and why did
you pick it out - yes I do he picks it
up most still wrapped up in string it's
a good one we've got a good one he's
rarely picked on it's good I love it
the tree Mama's done while we put on the
ornaments on weight and no more chaos
last thing is putting angel the tree if
you watch my voice every year you know
that it's tradition since I was probably
great Chinese Navy baby my dad lived
with the Christmas that put the angel on
the tree because I'm gonna grown adult
woman we still do this for some reason
and the other part of the tradition is
that Rachel we take it off put it back
on with Rachel being let's do a pundit
my dad and a new tradition started a few
years ago it's Rachel ninth and lift my
dad up and put the angel on tree and
then just everyone does it like I don't
know it's it's tradition get over it we
believe in equality in this family and
my grandmother made totally true yes
so my great-grandmother Manny what it's
on poop again dude did you poop okay
joke oh no oh my god I feel smell it I
smell it smells like cat food doing this
line so many fine are doing a whole
digested slap every chance you get yeah
put your hand on the angel yes oh
nothing basic routing again he is so my
son yes are you serious moving again now
it's guess this turn I wanted to put his
paw on it okay why that cat likes you I
will never know
in summer in traditions done now we all
hang out all night and enjoy family time
family time is the best time okay it's
one of the morning it's time to go to
bed
thanks for hanging out with me today
guys I thought I was alone no the one in
the moanin um I love you guys and I will
see you tomorrow thanks for hanging out
you the best
see you later alligators okay Carol why
don't you give me some eggnog
non-alcoholic I ain't no sinner haul up
on the housetop reindeer pole I'm just
gonna Samsung oh don't play the channel
name with lots of toys
Oh more you little ones a great special
