it's Maureen ugly Rachel thought that
Virginia mints a China hey guys I'm in
the office the writers room we're back
bad posture is it all of the this is how
I write yeah right I was barfing all
last night which is so gross but it was
definitely food poisoning I think so I'm
fine now
and I'd like everyone in the office is
like why did you come in all the writers
are like why are you here but we're
writing Susan to you so that's exciting
and tonight I'm going to go to
Christopher's house to watch elf if you
let my kids have never seen that what my
sins have never seen elf and I decided
I've got this big projector we're gonna
make a movie night good friends over and
we're gonna watch off oh my god now I'm
really excited I'm missing that will
fair that's crazy oh there's no concept
crazy guy goes hit tonight with me and
work in a summer party and I'm very
excited double vlogging double vlogging
I just got to whose house in my out
right now beard fine it's a ticket
what's it a ticket for it's for else
ah we're seeing a movie tonight yeah one
of these times XA theater
okay I'm questioning my friend to it can
I spend the night tonight yeah
you can sleep in my room okay
yeah oh I thought I didn't want to this
mood this is my favorite Christmas movie
really elf is my favorite Christmas
movie I want you two nights ago I hate
it just wait till you see L love it
what party we're about to watch elf and
guess who just showed up Rachel Rachel
put in pot sat on the board and made
them cry was it kissed away yeah it was
kissing boys tell them something very
different and I hope nope
try to say that when you're kids we'd
always go Rachel Pedro put an impact
kiss on the boys and made him cry and it
made her so upset
it did yeah I know I don't know that I
don't remember that maybe a today Justin
he remember this no Rachel think the
only thing Rachel didn't Jean yeah she
did okay you know this one meet Virginia
no you don't we not all the song called
meet Virginia meet the ginger I can't
wait to meet Virginia
Miep Virginia to do do do do do Rachel
thought that Virginia Mints a China and
so she thought that song when she was
like four okay in her defense she was
like four dad was reading us a story in
his bed yeah no I fell on his back than
this piece of ginger with my dad in the
young bed and we was like man our new
firmware to it no I did not
hey wait we were reading a story in his
room and then we went back into our room
is on his bed yeah and then you told me
to do it so I went onto his bed and
stood up on his bed and did it but I
remember this but I believe that to be
my father assembly I actually I don't
remember it but I totally think Rachel
song the truth
the movie was so good as pH oh my god I
look so tired how embarrassing um so
we're gonna go get stuff to make
brownies and ice cream up guys sorry I
know I look like a monster we get except
to make uh brownie sundaes
and the liner to know is so there's big
20 it's like all the way down the whole
burger story
this is super furious but I bought the
brownie mix which means I have other
humans to make the brownie mix oh I
forgot I got Colleen to buy the brownie
mix yes she did she was like I'll stand
in this line you stand in that line was
he wish line goes faster and then when
my line went faster she handed me all
the ingredients sounds like hey but I
just realized that I really wanted M&Ms
on my brownie when we did it's like whoa
wait how about um Jelly Belly's yo or
harissa are you doing it's our child
right yeah no I have a pregnant wife
that has heartburn occasionally or
morning sickness and does sour stuff
helps but Minnie I don't know unless you
like Eminem's but I was just thinking
like a little chunk of it no no I don't
I'm stoked we mean brownies and they
look delicious and we also got hot are
you way Christopher not use vegetable
oil he is coconut oil you might face
exactly watch my blog to see it all
thank you should I was this
deliciousness
I was take it smell it are you music
Ling right now I'm not gonna smell it I
wish they paid oh that's amazing
I'm so money is melting me up you I did
not like you did yeah why'd you make me
up I'll eat you up biggest villain I
drink milk because I like to you up and
make
is um I want you to wait Bailey up with
look who's joy it's the morning these
are all fine
watch me we're watching na watch me whip
watch me win
watch me NYX right now I'm going help
huh do you want me to go yeah yeah yeah
doop doop I didn't finish blogging last
night but I was so much fun and I can't
wait for today I'm gonna go to my mom's
house and decorate the Christmas tree so
it's gonna be a fun day I love you guys
watching I'll see you later bye
meet you you too yeah I wish hey Carol
why don't you give me some eggnog
non-alcoholic I ain't no sinner home up
on the housetop playing damn poles I'm
just gonna Santa knows
don't play the channel name want some
towing Oh more you little ones a great
semester
