I'm going to shower with my cat this is
a new all-time low for me we just
announced I'm so exciting we just need
an ounce when you guys are all so
excited on Twitter it's so awesome thank
you
but we're in the middle of writing look
at all our writers no no writers um they
just went and got lunch while
Christopher and I were all over the
internet tweeting and whatnot about
season we're so excited can't believe
it's happening it is crazy exciting cool
news I can't believe we got a season one
and now I can't like we got a Debra
seasons ooh season one that we wanted
yeah that's a crazy part is it like we
were like this show is really weird how
weird will they let us get and they let
us do it like that's a crazy thing is it
like every time I pitched the show to
anyone they'd be like okay well just you
know when a network gets attached I'm
not gonna be able to do the show you
want and we got attached to Netflix and
they're like yeah make the show you want
and we did and we made the show that we
wanted and we're proud of it and we're
going to do is easy to it's so crazy so
we're really happy and we're really
excited and um yes season two here we
come so we're writing I think has been
really fun this this season yeah really
really fun some really fun stuff and
even if none of it sticks like it's
because I'm the right creative process
has been very like new characters new
plot lines like you get to see more of
Miranda's life and it's going to be
great we're really really excited about
it so everyone's at lunch right now
they're going to come back we're going
to write some more and then I'm going to
go to lunch with Angela or tea with
Angela Angela it's not here yet
we finish writing it's really fun today
and I'm waiting to show up and we got
iced teas y'all caste together we state
bounty and talk about if a limited I ask
for no lemon
you have to take okay so these if
there's no one nos but I don't believe
them
tastes lemon anyway I got us a donut
muffin so I know the waiting in his
heart is through donuts and the jobs oh
let's hear what they have donut muffin I
think I'm winning okay I forgot to vlog
with Angela and I forgot to take a
picture with her but whenever we get
together which is like like we're Gabby
Gabby Gabby pants and like all we want
to do is just talk and we don't like
literally the second she sat down until
the second I just got in my car it was
constant jibber-jabber so I did not film
with her or take a picture with her but
I loved her so much and she's the queen
of my heart and I can't wait to work
with her on season 2 which I can tell
you guys about which is so exciting
um but now I think I'm gonna get like a
puzzle or something or some food or
something I don't know it's been a crazy
week riding every day and announcing
season 2 it's been so exciting I think I
want to take it easy tonight before
crazy weekend tomorrow's a full day of
writing like full from early in the a.m.
until late in the p.m. and then I'm
gonna go hang out with Christopher and
his family so I'm excited to start off
like a fun weekend tomorrow but anyway
I'm gonna go to the store that's what
I'm gonna do oh my god you guys okay so
yesterday I did not vlog anymore because
it was so weird
I look like trash I know I am I we were
so excited about season to announce
season 2 I was vlogging everything's
great and in my head I was like oh my
god I'm I'll do something so fun tonight
to like celebrate season 2 and like have
a blast and then last night I end up
feeling like really sick and I was like
oh so weird I feel sick to point where I
was like couldn't move like it laid on
the couch and watched like a man
painting on Netflix for hours and
couldn't move couldn't get up couldn't
do anything couldn't edit I couldn't
work at all went up to my room and just
vomited all night and I have no idea why
is that crazy
I didn't eat a spaghetti
he was so weird
I know I should have got my flu shot but
I feel fired squirt maybe it was food
poisoning we'll find out I guess because
you had that spaghetti yesterday for
lunch so if you feel sick around lunch
will notice that spaghetti 24 I will
alright anyway I'm gonna go we're
writing today and thanks for watching
sorry my vlogs have been cut short
lately there's a lot of circumstances
um beard okay but hey Carol why don't
you give me some eggnog
non-alcoholic I ain't no sinner ho up on
the housetop playing damn Pole I'm just
gonna sample all down play the channel
name with lots of joy Oh more you bit
someone's a Christmas joy
