Merry Christmas sir whatever you
celebrate Daisy
say good morning say good morning good
girl
what's up guys my mom and dad and my
brother here just trimmed back there
dad's over there mom somewhere I need to
go buy the cat some cat food cuz they're
out and a grumpy they're hungry and then
I'm come back we're gonna start bacon I
mean crazy day alright I just did a
bunch of shopping with my mom we got
some lunch and I got a first time you
guys but yesterday I got Ariana's new
perfume we were at Ulta beauty getting
presents and I saw some I haven't seen
it in stores yet and I was so excited
this is awesome so this is gonna be my
first time smite I obviously have her
other perfume what water does water
explode so pretty let's smell it would
melt I got her a job I don't tell are
you guys I bought the cat's matching
outfits they were on discount there were
only two dollars since I'm so fancy you
already know let's see I don't know if
this one's gonna fit Gus he's pretty
fast
here's gassy Gus you look beautiful
Daisy's walking over to grandpa's he
peels potatoes
you look great Daisy this is do you like
your dress it was $2.00
you're a discount kitty cat a discount
 you look great Gus do you like it
Daisy I like your little dress I don't
know how I found the only two cats in
the world who don't mind wearing clothes
I feel like any other cat would be
freaking out and running around and
hiding and they just don't care at all
like that she didn't even notice it Gus
likes it he's just chillin so the cookie
party is beginning my cats are out of
their dresses I felt like maybe they
didn't like them they seemed fine but I
just I don't know since they can't talk
I don't assume so I took the dresses off
but every year for a Christmas we have a
huge Christmas cookie party it's a huge
tradition of my family my
and me bake every cookie every dessert
you can imagine and our house is just
full of desserts on Christmas night and
that's like our gift to all our
neighbors and our friends well this year
since Christmas morning is that my house
is first thing we've ever done that
removing the Christmas cookie party -
Jessica Christopher's house because they
have so many kids and every year they
always have to love all their kids - all
these different parties so I'm making
the majority of the desserts and then
bringing them to Jessica and
Christopher's house so people can all
congregate there this year so don't have
to love their kids all over everywhere
on Christmas Day so I just started the
baking this is the first thing I've made
is these chocolate reindeer cookies all
the kids requested a dessert that's this
is what Jacob requested he wanted
chocolate reindeer cookies the picture
they sent me of the ones that he wanted
had vanilla wafers on them but I felt
like the picture they sent me look like
a teddy bear and I feel like this looks
a little bit more like a reindeer
so does that look like a reindeer do you
think we're doing that and then now I'm
making gluten-free peanut butter
reindeer cookies for Bailey and then
I've got to make cupcakes gluten-free
cupcakes regular cupcakes peanut butter
chocolate fudge sandwiches those are my
favorite almost candy bars a couple pies
and brownies
I think that's all I'm making so now I
finished the gluten-free peanut butter
reindeer cookies there's the truck
coriander cookies and now I'm making
like little things out of white
chocolate that I can stick on to
cupcakes I'm making these Christmas
trees these are like stars snowflakes I
don't know what would you call those
we're eating dinner over here oh good
that's dinner slam and mashed potatoes
Brussels it's a broccoli and bread by
the way for all of you who heard me say
Rachel's vegan she is vegan but she eats
fish so she doesn't need any dairy she
doesn't need any other meats but she
does eat fish so before you all go crazy
in the Commons that's why she's obsessed
now Cory is making some you guys
wouldn't know how to do this it's really
easy you just melt chocolate like I got
white chocolate chips from there go to
starting to smile to them and put them
in a little plastic baggie and you just
draw the design you want on parchment
paper and then when it's part you big
enough someone looks terrible like this
one
kids are in their Christmas outfits I
got Rachel at Christmas row but mama
Christmas Rowdies he's trying to eat
Rachel's Christmas robe shot in my
onesie mom sitting on her cruises robe
trance cool sweater try it Victor and
dad's wrapping presents over here you
got a Christmas LA Dodger sweater on
that's for sure that's his wearing his
outfit and he's looking pissed as ever
he's sleeping are you mad I think I
should take these dresses off of them
alrighty time to decorate the tree mom
brought all the ornaments home from my
childhood so we can start doing it oh
and I bought all these ornaments where
picture goes and I thought we could do
Polaroid and stick them in I made some
ornaments tonight these are all on sale
at Michaels these little frames so it's
me and Corey performing because this is
a huge part of my year this year is
Corey and me on tour and then this one
this one of dad this one of us
decorating the tree tonight he really
see it focus Orion the kitties
every single year my dad lifts me up to
put the angel on top of the tree every
single year this happens since I was a
little like baby he lifts me first and
then he lifts Rachel
it's our tradition every single year and
then usually everyone else wants to join
in and everyone does it it's like a five
six foot tree you've got like an eight
foot right now I got a big tree so I
don't know how we're gonna do this this
might be a total disaster threw it and
it did land on it but just the angel
fell off of its own skirt this is how it
ended up
so sacrilegious really upside down all
right registering my grandma sewed that
my great-grandma my nanny yeah it's so
funny that angel nose looks so big to me
and then now she looks so tiny at the
top of that trees it's so small it's
turnt you gonna fix it for us
can you reach there we go it's kind of
better I could tip her skirt
oh god this looks dangerous
but we did it we finished the tree okay
so now we have a few more things treats
we have brownies gooey gooey brownies
with cute little the trees I made I mean
this little white chocolate trees and
gingerbread man and reindeer I think
these are my favorite the gluten-free
vanilla cupcakes are just so pretty
the newest developments are we have
these which are my favorite the
butterscotch chocolate sandwiches we
have to cut them so I made a chocolate
chip pie for just us because we're
smelling all the sweets that we want
them and we also have these in here
which are almost candy bars we're good
all we have to cook tomorrow is the
cookies and we're done so that's that
and that's Christmas Eve y'all so we're
gonna watch a Christmas movie I think
I'm making little labels for the
different treats so people know what
they're eating say I'm still making
these right now and these will go on the
little dishes and that's that so of you
guys like my Christmas Eve and I'm
really excited to vlog tomorrow and
Christmas Day and then I'm done vlogging
I'm jeanna vlogmas which is crazy I'll
probably take a week or two off of
vlogging and just relax and I'll
probably pick it back up again in
January we'll see but yeah I've been
having a lot of fun vlogging every
single day hope you guys have been
enjoying it yeah I'm not gonna bed after
I hang out with my family for a little
bit
see you tomorrow it's Christmas
