I'm going to shower with my cat this is
a new all-time low for me houston we
have a problem okay
good morning it's like 9:30 in the
morning and I'm downstairs working and I
hear my cat crying but I can't find him
and I don't know what's going on I like
cannot find my cat this is so weird
oh there you are
why were you crying where are you crying
freak I could hear you crying are you
crying that was so weird because he
never ever cries like I never hear him
meow
Butthead were you weirdo he's dark
outside and I can tell you this now I
got let's look like okay so the last
like week or two you guys have noticed
my box is in total crap because I
haven't been able to find anything I'm
like I can't blog I think today because
I've been writing season two mysteries
here season two season so here is the
remnants of where all the writers were
sitting because we've been meeting at my
house until our office is ready every
single day writing season two which is
so exciting and I am so happy now I can
tell you so now when I'm vlogging
instead of being like I didn't do
anything today I didn't vlog I can be
like I wrote today here are the writers
we're writing about this episode today
like I can talk about it which is so
exciting because season 1 I couldn't
even talk about anything like it
couldn't talk about the writers room but
now since it has no haters back off you
know the characters you know about Emily
you know about everyone now I can't like
talk about it I'm so excited I'm so I
can't even like explain I'm so excited
so anyway it is 6:30 now and we've been
writing all day long and I'm gonna
FaceTime ProGuard okay guys I totally
sucked at vlogging last night or
yesterday which I feel like is like the
quote of this year's vlogmas
but um yeah we worked all day on the
show and it was so fun and we wrote so
many cool stories and new characters and
like I can't wait for you guys to see it
next year when the show comes out um but
that's what I'm excited about this year
is like while I'm writing like I can
vlog and I can tell you guys about it
so yeah
sorry didn't finish vlogging last night
but we wrote the show and then I went to
therapy which was really really good I
really needed it it was nice to go and
talk about my feelings and stuff that
I've been through lately because things
have been really hard it was nice to go
and like get things out of my system and
like feel better and have tools on how
to better myself and like my life and
yeah therapy's great if you ever want to
try it I would highly recommend I used
to be against it and now that I've done
and I'm like oh it's the best so I went
to therapy and then I came home and
wrapped presents in went to bed and so
there wasn't really anything to vlog and
yeah I love you guys so much and thanks
for watching me and supporting me
through this like kind of weird portion
of my life it's been a lot going on I
just want to say like it's it's it's
hard when you're going through something
devastating and hard and emotional and
then you go online and see people
spreading rumors and lies about you it
really sucks but that's why I have
therapy and that's why I have friends
and family and you guys to keep me
afloat through rough times and honestly
I'm not complaining like life is
wonderful and I'm so excited about
season 2 and I'm so excited just about
the future and life and fighting for
happiness and what's right and
continuing to do what I can to make this
world a better place I've got a lot of
fun exciting things planned coming up
and I can't wait to tell you guys about
it all and I love you and yeah I think I
guess what I'm trying to say is like
sometimes things are hard and sometimes
life gets rough and it feels like
everyone's against you but you can still
choose happiness and you can still
choose to just be nice and not bring
other people down and yeah I think that
that's a good lesson to learn in life
that no matter what life throws at you
you can still choose to be kind and and
choose positivity and look at the bright
side so no matter what crap is going on
you can say like oh my god life is great
like that's still an option so anyway I
don't know what I'm saying I'm rambling
I'm excited about season 2 thank you
guys for getting it for me because if it
weren't for you it wouldn't happen and
thanks for just my life and making it a
wonderful thing and I hope you guys
continue to support me through
everything I go through and if not
that's ok too
I love ya I'll see ya tomorrow i won hey
Carol why don't you give me some eggnog
non-alcoholic I ain't no center hole up
on the housetop playing damn Pole
I'm just gonna sample all down by the
chimney with lots of towing Oh more
Newman to one so Christmas John
