I'm going to shower with my cat this is
a new all-time low for me hi my cat
smells like crap not like smells bad but
like literally smells like poop because
he poops in his litter box and then
steps in it every morning normally I
have to give him a little bath in my
sink but today I'm going to give him a
shower with me I'm going to shower with
my cat this is a new all-time low for me
this is single lady sad problems that
I'm alone at my house I'm going to take
a shower with my sugar filled cat that
is poop on his foot on my white rug
we're getting in the shower right now
you disgusting disgusting cat shivering
you have to blow dry Persians like their
fur so thick and long like you have to
blow-dry it or to get tangled or they
get really cold I'm so sorry but if you
stop stepping in your own poop I
wouldn't have to do this to you oh yeah
I have something to say okay what's up
girl I know I look rough you don't need
to talk about it that reminds me of uh
grace Helbig is doing vlogmas right now
and it made me laugh so much there's so
many things that I do that she was
making fun of I don't think she's making
fun of me I thought it was hilarious I
was laughing the whole time but she just
kind of is like trolling vloggers and
one thing she does throw out those
things like oh oh it's ugly oh my god it
looks ugly my hair looks like Ross
it's funny cuz I do that all the time
it's so anyway I was laughing really
hard her videos are very funny please go
watch those blog missus they're great
okay so I just wanted to say something
really fast uh some of you notice I put
a vlog from a couple days ago on private
that was a vlog of me and Big Bear and
it's titled I didn't like being alone
and it's me basically bitching and
whining about being in a cabin in the
snow in the woods and like how I didn't
want to be there and I was having her
time and blah blah blah and um I was
looking at the comments on it and all um
there was a lot of comments or like you
are selfish brat you're so immature
like an F versus like oh damn um that
hurts to hear but also you're right like
I was complaining about being um on a
weekend vacation with my sister and like
why was I complaining about that like
what a little brat I was such a brat
um yeah it's not my thing like being in
a cabin it's not my thing and being
there just happened to like trigger some
negative emotions for me and so I was
just feeling really emotional and I
didn't want to talk about that side of
things it did come across as like just
me whining about hanging out linked to
me Lola so anyway I I put it on private
because it's not that type of content I
want to put out there I want to be
positive and happy and it made me kind
of reflect on vlogmas as a whole for me
like my videos lately and they have been
a little company like I'm just I'm so I
don't know that I'm complaining I'm just
kind of telling you guys what's going on
in my life and right now what's going on
in my life is a lot of working and um I
hate this films like I'm complaining
because I love my job and if I am
complaining man I gotta stop cuz like I
really like my job and I like what I do
and a lot of people would kill to have a
weekend in the mountains in the snow
with their sister and I was complaining
about it doesn't matter what feelings of
negativity that I was feeling to
complain about it was insensitive to the
people who wish that they could be doing
something like that so I'm sorry for
complaining about something I shouldn't
have complained about there's a lot
going on in my head in
heart that day that I didn't bring up
and that's where that was coming from
but there's no excuses like why complain
when my life is really wonderful and
I've always said I want to spread
happiness and I want to UM make content
that may put a smile on people's faces
and that's not what I was doing and so
yeah I I feel bad about that um you know
this is a rough patch in my life and I
can't talk about the rough stuff cuz it
doesn't involve just me but for the most
part I am positive and a happy person
and I'm a little disappointed to myself
that I didn't show that side of me that
day anyway that's why I deleted that
video so got that out of my system so um
anyway I need to clean my house cuz it
is dirty mofo just bring my chick just
wanted to say that all of you guys
thanks for always being nice
well the ones were nice thanks for being
nice oh yeah it's raining God amen Oh
drugs more holy God okay so that was
great Cory I was just singing It's
Raining Men and then Corey change the
lyrics it's raining God and then we're
singing and dancing all over the house
singing that and so I had to film some
of it we're gonna go do some Christmas
shopping right now we're gonna go to our
favorite places which is like Marshalls
and their Urban Outfitters outlet store
and Michael's craft store and I don't
have anything in mind I'm just gonna go
buy a bunch of stuff for my family and
friends because that's how we roll so we
are at Michelle's crafts so I'm looking
for what is this why are there bananas
here what is happening what is this Cory
why are there bananas here she's really
excited about I don't know why there's
bananas on that but there's things on
that anyway
what I'm doing
No hold here tap here like complete the
circuit to make a banana pan
oh you like touch the banana bananas
into the piano
that's so weird anyway we're looking for
presents for people it's really hot spa
well the shoes sparkly shoes I couldn't
find my normal black bands so I'm
wearing the shoes that I wear in my life
show my Sparkle shoes but they're
uncomfortable and I think are cute who
cares you don't wear sparkle any time of
the day any time of the night anywhere
you go you couldn't West he
disagrees guys I'm so excited because as
Christmas shopping and I found this a
baby print glitter ornament and you put
your baby's handprint inside the
ornament I don't have a baby but I do
have a cat and I'm totally gonna do this
okay I flattened out I flattened out the
stuff now I have to get Gus Gus's foot
wet and press it into the clay she's
such a poet I'm gonna need your help for
you that's pretty hard no it's good it's
good I'm sorry I oh I think it looks
good okay so oh and now just my glitter
on it dry for two days and then we can
put the string on it and put on the
cheek I'm wrapping Christmas presents
and my favorite present I wrapped so far
as Gus Gus and he is Prius
oh he's gonna go mm how well that's my
night guys I'm just gonna be wrapping
presents and watching elf alone thanks
for watching the block today freaking
out in this house I love guys I'll see
them out fight Carol why don't you get
me some eggnog
non-alcoholic I ain't no sinner ho I'm
fine I'll stop playing damn poles I'm
just gonna Samsung walls down for the
channel name with lots of towing Oh more
you little ones grits Miss Jones
