it's great they're getting day-old
doughnuts I hope they don't care hey
guys you're about to see two vlogs in
one because I didn't post a vlog
yesterday and there wasn't much footage
from the day before so two lugs in one
here you go I'm home we drove back home
and look I missed him so much are you
Barry hey don't make me thank you
and so sweet
al hey what you doing so um I'm just
gonna edit today my life is so
interesting like my entire vlogmas this
year has just been me editing everyday
um yeah I've got a lot of fun stuff to
edit reason I'm always editing is
because I'm doing vlog miss as me so
that's seven videos a week and then vlog
mrs. Moran all the weekdays that's five
videos a week and then sex paradise it's
two videos a week so that's a total of
14 videos a week that I'm filming and
editing right now so um I'm a psychopath
why did I want to do this actually like
it it's fun I don't know what I'm saying
goodbye Anna
I'm at the grocery store alone I never
do anything alone I hate being alone but
I'm at the grocery store alone I'm
getting set because um
I'm having some people over in the
morning I'm working on a new project I'm
excited to tell you is about a little
bit later but I'm going to have a few
friends over tomorrow morning started
fun little project so I'm going to get a
little tree
because I am a mom a soccer mom who has
treats for her friend in the morning
when they come over I'm also gonna make
tacos today for myself cuz I'm a loser
who eats alone at home on a Sunday night
okay I am now the person who gets really
excited to go to the pet aisle to buy
stuff for my cat
I'm obsessed with my cat but I got stuff
for buckles and I guess that for
breakfast they're getting day-old
doughnuts I hope they don't care look at
Auntie Timon corn came on taco meat taco
shells and tortillas with got beans a
sour cream and supper and Konan but come
on don't get any lighter nobody who you
tell I don't it's time for new pictures
so sure checked all the way out to my
house this time we gonna take a few
pictures is me and then switching to the
real star here grandma the real star me
yeah there else are you I'm taking
pictures of you I love taking pictures
for you cuz he understands how I am like
I'm like let's get a time make sure to
really good pictures really fast but
yeah it's like so fast and easy and it's
so fun like I'm really awkward and I
take pictures and you're thank you but
make sure to follow on insta and Twitter
and everywhere so you can see all the
pictures firsthand yes do it I'll put
the link right there
we just did an entire photo shoot with
like five or six outfit clean and
Myranda in one hour and that is why I
always go to work with Gabriel and
nobody else they're always so good at
like but it's not me it's her she's way
better than she oh yeah right I'm
offered Magee but I like that trend so
I'm just like that was amazing so make
sure to subscribe to this YouTube
channel put the link below you have to
be me on there yeah I do yeah yeah yeah
my face like a Indian princess goddess
and if you need pictures taken and you
live in LA this is the one to go to he's
incredible
I love it I don't know I don't know
where my vlog E is so I'm just using my
phone but there's a mysterious Browns
back on kitchen counter and we think
this one is to blame take it the zoo or
the chocolate we don't know everything
seed what is that if you get really
close it looks like you what is it smell
it okay there's no smell that's not
smoosh it with your finger and then
smell your finger push it with your
finger I don't want to
away you do it no you're doing it it's
hard as I hope you live as a rug this is
a poop I could be so bad I'm dying
oh it's like icing is I see I see
dang it that was boo that would have
been so gross and funny feet on its poop
but that made me laugh a lot
okay my also I did not mention just now
but while I was filming that I'm still
wearing my underpants just ah that's
usually what happens never have to do
more and I like either leave the lips on
or the shirt on or the pants on and
right now the pants are on I need to put
normal person pants back on
and I forgot to close out the vlog last
night again typical me um but yeah sorry
about that
my vlogs have been so wonky this week is
a really busy work week for me so it's
hard to find stuff to be able to vlog um
I am trying
Oh Gus and I love you and he's purring
and you smell like poop I'm about to
take a shower with my cat so just wait
till the vlog tomorrow it'll be a doozy
ah
love-love
