it's one way to compare manis are just
gonna be at hahaha I feel like I'm
dressing Randa every start of every vlog
oh okay
because of vlog mrs. Miranda I'm so
tired look at the bags in my eyes I was
until 4:30 last night working and then I
woke up early this morning to get my
work done so I'm like a monster about to
film a couple videos and I noticed how
creepy I'm dressed right now because I'm
dressed like like in my pajamas which is
just a big baggy sweatshirt but my face
is Miranda so it's like very confusing
for the brain I'll show ya check it out
like this my life it's so weird to be
like Miranda on top of like normal like
such I am lady on the bottom um I don't
know I just think it's funny guys Who am
I okay gotta watch this up my face you
know I bought these lipsticks to do a
video with and I'll probably go up next
week sometime um but they're actually
like really cool like I kind of want to
try them out I'm cannot have a
conversation with you looking like this
I need to go okay goodbye
look at this little noodle oh my god are
you guys sick of me yet talking about
how perfect is
are you kidding me are you kidding me
are you kidding me right now
my little best friend oh my god are you
serious look how cute he is
I love him I know I talk about it all
the time and it is just sick of it but
he's seriously so perfect yeah baby he
loves to cuddle
he loves to spoon whatever I'm doing he
has to be doing if I'm cooking has to be
my feet if I'm editing he has to be
right next to me like he follows me
around the house and just has to be
wherever I am and it's so sweet you're
so sweet
okay I just ordered every single flavor
of cheesecake they have from Cheesecake
Factory oh my god so I'm gonna be eating
all of them for a video right now with
Corey and Rachel they'll probably go up
sometime next week um oh my god so I got
the idea because my sister-in-law
Jessica her friend is having a
cheesecake factory party where they're
gonna order every single kind of
cheesecake from Cheesecake Factory and
it all get to take a bite and taste it I
was like that sounds like so much fun
but also it's a really good video idea
I'm sure someone's already done it I'm
sure Shane Dawson's done it or Trisha or
someone has already done this but I want
to try it because it sounds really
delicious
and I'm gonna get so sick I'm so excited
oh my god we just finished filming this
I'm excited if you guys to see the
finished product I don't want to give
anything away but I want to die right
now
we want to die oh my god all right so
now I just need to lay down for like an
hour and try to like get this out of my
system
and then I need to pack and then we're
going to Big Bear very excited it's a
cold winter's night of 80 degrees
outside
Graner making grilled cheese sandwiches
and tomato soup
we are an old married oh I'm so excited
no white posing like a sassy queen I
touch Cory's but tonight he's not
wearing Fanny's Wyatt at everyone don't
be mad you want at all them one ways to
cook a man is just gonna be a yes please
yo someone's looking for scraps you
ain't gonna find nothing down here
hunting you ain't gonna find nothin down
here oh my god we made to the cabin last
night and I just forgot to vlog I was so
tired we hung out for a little bit and
then um I had a hot toddy of the my
fellow slaves so that's why I'm looking
rough tonight ladies okay
Oh
