please fill myself alone in my bedroom
good morning good morning this is what I
look like first thing in the morning
what do you look like this is my morning
routine I wake up and I put on lipstick
in an ugly shirt and that's normal
Miranda's music album is coming out
today so people can go buy it and I'm
very excited about that so I need to
make a video promoting it so that's what
i'ma do again as I work so Cory is
cleaning the office yes this mess is
mine I need to clean this up Gus got a
new Christmas he loves it look what's up
guys so once again I didn't really film
anything today it was just a work day of
editing and posting stuff and phone
meetings and so there wasn't really much
to vlog I'm sorry but this weekend there
will be tons of fun footage for you guys
I feel bad that I haven't been doing
anything like fun or entertaining um but
this is my and I'm vlogging everyday so
my life right now is just kind of like
me working from home which isn't that
entertaining but tomorrow I'm going to
Big Bear with Rachel and Matt so that'll
be fun we're gonna go play in the snow
and hang out in the Mount
for a little bit before the holiday
craziness happens so I'm excited about
that and you guys will get to see a fun
weekend in the snow um so yeah that'd be
fun but since I felt like since nothing
happened today I would sing a song for
you guys on my uke that I love so much
that Richard got me for my birthday
um since it's Christmas time I've been
obsessing over
Ariana's EP that she released last year
her Christmas album Christmas and chill
it's so good it's my favorite Christmas
album ever it's incredible so I've been
singing some of the songs from that and
I couldn't pick which song I wanted to
like sing and record for Instagram
because sometimes I do that so then I
just put them all together so that's
what I want to do for you right now and
hopefully tomorrow's vlog will be more
interesting for you
okay I'll see you guys tomorrow and I'll
be working from home again and then I'm
going to the mountains the Big Bear love
you guys have a good night
