I'm buddy it's Corinne I'm pleased
ah man I have not vlog today I'm sorry
guys I was I filmed some videos I just
come took it easy today was a weird day
for me I just wanted to like chill out
so I did I made a chicken salad I got
some work done and I just chilled out
and now the kids are here for dinner
which is really fun so I'm gonna go play
with them look who's here it's Balian
parker and my brother asked for a
cappuccino and i have a cappuccino maker
now so I'm gonna make one and I'm going
to use this mug with the caster's back
on it and I'm going to teach Rachel I'm
going to teach Bailey how to make a
capture so you take one of these and you
lift this up lift up this thing stick it
in like this yep okay now close the lid
okay now don't push any buttons yet
quick cappuccino so push the start
button
and next we have to add no parking for
sweat in the same pusher once Fisher
what's good to go I asked him to push
one button Manny broke it you broke it
like it's getting crisper get away we're
making a specialty but it's seeming its
meaning okay you helped make this she
sure did
tell me your secrets how did you do it
it's magic daddy you're not supposed to
tell oh you're not I like this love and
I wasn't that pretty cool yeah where did
you get this
I made it maybe don't look at it too
closely might make you one for Christmas
is it very milky it is
what's up guys so it is late now and I
went to dinner with John and Rachel
super fun and Rachel I got distracted
and in TJ Max and I didn't have my
camera with me but we went shopping at
TJ Maxx and bought a bunch of Christmas
presents and now I'm home
and I'm just gonna have a chill night in
I know have a glass of wine and go to
bed cuz I'm a classy lady who has no
life um yeah that's kind of my plans for
the day nothing really happened I was
really excited have the kids over and I
just come tried to enjoy my day just
relax
because I needed a day to just kind of
chill out not that I've been doing
anything crazy but just sometimes you
just need a day of like kind of doing
nothing and that's what I did today and
it was amazing
so anyway remember a couple days ago I
talked about my lip was bothering me
well it's gotten worse Carolee tell but
it's like crackling and scabbing and
being disgusting you good okay I'm gonna
have a glass of good bedside this vlog
was so short nothing happened but you
guys and I'll see tomorrow welcome to
vlogmas
you
