yes they do you know what if in China
hello coins of the internet uh it is
already 4:30 and I haven't sort of
logging in today cuz I am a rebel Corey
and I are just hanging out at the house
I did a lot of editing today I'm wearing
my grandfather's sweatshirt today when
he passed away all the granddaughters of
his because we have a big family there's
seventeen cousins I think on that side
of the family and we're all really close
and when he passed away we all took a
sweatshirt and this is the one that I
got and I love it it's so cozy and I
only get to wear it when it's cold which
is like two days out of the year in
California um so we're gonna go the mall
run a couple errands but I want to
address something really quickly um
so yesterday Noah Trish and it was
amazing and she's like the nicest
sweetest most fun person in the world um
and Corey and I both post our vlogs and
we're both getting a ton of hate from
people were like huh dad you hang out
with Trisha Paytas she's so nice and so
sweet
and it just bothers me that so many
people are mad at me and Cory for
hanging out with someone who's sweet and
nice and kind and loving and one of the
things I love about Trish is the fact
that she does put herself out there like
yeah she used to troll and she used to
lie online and whatever but for the most
part like her videos now she's very raw
and authentic and just says how she's
feeling that day like she has no filter
she says whatever she wants and I like
that about her I think she's she's a
really cool person and she's so nice
like how she's like this the actual
sweetest and Cory I just said something
that like I really liked which is well
some boy wrote on names like uh how dare
Colleen and koi hang up with her I
thought calling him Cory had different
beliefs and morals than her and yeah
maybe we do but that's the great thing
about hanging up with someone who has
different morals and beliefs because we
can still get along we can still love
each other we can still have fun and
that's how the world should be and it'd
be a lot better place if we did because
segregation causes hate and grow um know
about
true though like which is because she's
different than us we shouldn't hang out
with her like what do you mean how dare
you like of course we should hang out
with everyone you should be kind and
nice to everybody but I even hate saying
that about church cuz that makes it
sound like she's a horrible person and
like of course I should hang out with
her even if she's so different from me
like she's not that different from me we
actually have a lot in common and she's
really great she's really sweet and
really fun and really lovely and um so
yeah just it was interesting to see that
today anyway we're about to go to the
mall and Cory is just cradling Gus Gus
around the house so it's a typical
Tuesday afternoon so we're at the mall
and I came from makeup which I got I
need a new eyeliner and I needed new
concealer but then we need to go to
Sephora but on the way to support
there's all these stores so I went to
angle which is one of my favorite stores
and bought new black jeans with holes in
them because y'all are making fun of me
because I've been wearing the same damn
jeans every single day but listen I
don't care about fashion I've never
cared about fashion clearly and y'all
are just like teasing me making fun of
me so much that I bought more so let me
get in fun of me no you can make fun of
me I think it's really funny actually
it's my favorite thing in the world and
you guys tease me and shake me on
Twitter so keep doing it is makes me
laugh oh hello miss hi can I help you
with something
are your hands warm yes I feel like your
hands will be really clammy after this I
don't know who would actually help them
up and what Joey now as you can see
how's it going we were gonna film a
video and then we were like now we're
just hanging out but now we're getting
things for video okay we can't stay away
we're like let's just hang out we're
like let's film a video let's just wait
let's just hang out and like just have
dinner and hang out and he's like yeah
so we're like yeah let's do that let's
just hang out and then we're like wait
let's go in the store mice everybody
yeah so now that's all we're doing
little bit to the hang now we're over
hanging out right here and talking about
shopping or Christmas yeah we're
Christmas shopping for ourselves for
videos for YouTube yeah so we can do
that we can hang out we're not very good
at just hanging out no this is so bright
I know what's also my exposure is way
too high my god there we go fixed blow
make out it right now give me that clear
skin
I know okay bye okay Joey just blew my
mind a little bit because we're in
Brookstone and I was talking about how
like growing up I used to put all the
massagers like the vibrating massager Oh
like as a kid I was like these are so
fun to play with on my neck and stuff
and didn't know that like most women buy
those for not their neck for their
creases down below yeah Joey was like
what I mean I don't know what girls do I
know but I was just um he had no idea
wait is that not a commonly known thing
that like a dork Ciccone those massagers
for your like your neck like no one buys
those for their neck understood I mean
maybe I don't know tell me in the
comments did you guys think those are
for your neck and neck for that well
they don't know what that is they do
know what that is oh yes they do you
know what happens I'm I am well I don't
use those massager things for that I
child giveaway this month is I'm home it
is 10:30 Joey is so sweet I just love
him every time I hang out with him I'm
always like impressed by just how
genuine of a guy he is he's so nice and
just so easy to talk to he's always been
there for me through anything I've been
through like he's always there for me to
talk to his just like he's the best um
yeah usually when we hang out with like
sit and talk for hours and then we'll
film something and tonight we wanted to
film something but like we didn't have
everything exactly that we needed in
order to film it and I was like we don't
have to film it tonight and he's like oh
I guess not
it was like yeah we could just like hang
out and he was like oh yeah it's nice to
just like go to dinner and talk and hang
out sit on the couch and just just talk
and catch up it was really really fun so
anyway not a great day just like doing
work and being chill and now I'm going
to work some more I'm going to get some
editing done and go to sleep
so my vlogmas this year isn't very
exciting but um what my cat is eating
lights I love you guys I'll see you
tomorrow
I'm in doing about I don't know more
work who knows love you
Oh
