oh my god I'm gross hey guys how are you
so today obviously starting my day as
Miranda and I'm filming a bunch of
videos I'm so pissed I have a cloud
going up with Gabi today and don't know
where the footages of me and Gabi
together I'm so pissed we filmed a
couple collabs one for channel one for
mine and it's just gone I can't find it
on any SD card maybe it's on an SD card
that I lost I don't know but I had to
film like a sad video that the footage
is gone and why it's gone so I need to
post that because her video is going up
in an hour but then other than that I'm
gonna film a bunch of videos today and
then Trisha Paytas is coming over later
tonight and I've always wanted to hang
out with her I love her I love her
videos I think she seems so much fun and
so sweet and just wonderful and she gets
a lot of hate online which makes no
sense to me because I get such a like
she used to troll a lot and whatever but
I just think she seems like the sweetest
girl in the world and I've met her a few
times so I've never gotten hanging out
with her and so I'm really really
excited to see her and hang out with her
and spend time with her because she just
seems lovely um anyway so that's
happening later tonight um and yeah
that's pretty much my day today so watch
me make my new videos I guess oh man I
just tried to do Miranda doing Amiga
mEagle that was called I called him
Eagle II as Miranda said oh no no sexual
but those are so hard to do it takes
like an hour or two to film them and
like sometimes the video doesn't work
sometimes the sound doesn't work
sometimes people don't have any
reactions sometimes penises pop up like
those are so I forgot how hard those are
to film anyway yeah oh my god um oh girl
he's in life is youtuber so fun I just
sit alone in a room and film myself
acting like an idiot and that's my life
okay so I'm done filming we're out of
videos I need to shower my hair is so
greasy and gross little gus-gus on my
pillow
oh this kid makes my bed so dirty
there's always poop in my bed look you
see there is kitty litter in my bed and
then it's just like you can't tell but
like this I don't know what that is I'm
assuming it's poop you are disgusting
you're disgusting
and it's your cue but I really can't
stress enough and I say all the time
like whenever Gus is in my videos how
like happy this kid makes me his butt is
on my face right now but seriously this
is the best he's the best thing that's
ever happened to me I think like he's
just been my best friend through like a
hard time and I love that I'm saying
this as Miranda with his poopy butt on
my face but I wouldn't have it any other
way
he's seriously been like my rock and my
best friend he makes me laugh he makes
me smile he follows me around the house
he's obsessed with me
he sleeps on my face he has to be around
me no matter what whatever I'm doing
it's like truly like we're best friends
and he's currently trying to eat my hand
what are you doing what are you doing
he's like the best cat in the world
everyone who hangs out with him is like
how did you get a cat like this the keys
super super seeing me it sounds funny me
talking about how amazing he is he's
like eating me um hey stop that's not
nice hey hey thank you see he listens
he's been missing so hey stop hey hey
hey
don't do that
it's not sweet my hair is big now and we
got a busy day Cory is currently getting
all the packages together for the
winners of the livestream for cancer for
childhood cancer that we did because
we're shipping all the prizes so I am
signing Miranda headshots to put in the
packages and writing every single person
a note saying thank you so that is what
I'm working on right now and Gus Gus is
being very helpful
finish all the letters finish filming
render videos finished editing my blog
is uploading now getting a lot of stuff
done but something happened to my lip
you guys got off you can see this hold
I'm gonna try to focus in on that here
you can't see it it looks like a layer
of my lip skin was like torn off you
can't I see but it hurts so bad and it
hurts really bad like I'm grateful that
it doesn't like show so they don't look
like a monster but oh it really hurt
what happened to me okay
Trish is coming over in a little bit and
I am winding down so I need to make
myself a copy um so I don't have you
guys notice but slowly but surely
there's stuff like getting put into my
house like in cabinets and whatnot and I
did get a new couch over there and we
got some new barstools so I'm slowly but
surely putting furniture and things in
this house for now I have to say in this
house and so I might as well make it a
little bit humming so my friend Wendy
has been helping me try to make a little
bit homey for the time being while I
need to be here um but she got me an
espresso machine and it's a basic and I
want to show it to you guys
well I'm waiting for Trish I'm playing
some UQ's I love salads milk and cookies
stuff are loving be my jumper and I'm
the only job gonna play baby let me know
they don't need the kitchen we don't
need the recipes you know
Oh
when Christ was born
but she almost didn't because I gave her
the wrong address she was like it's
collinear and I like what are you
talking about you wonder without it and
literally thought you were like just
like pranking me like me I did it like
okay I was like Mean Girls like they're
like making fun of me like yeah yeah
just like this is funny national never
even though all the way out here the
traffic was like my pop on a Monday and
I was like oh my god they pranked me
they're making fun of me and I thought
that that's what my hey good advice
right so we are doing doing sugar
cookies Tricia's never done it before
and you're getting better I was pretty
good but there was one my like straight
up just looks like a really crusty dick
okay and it looks like the veiny peen
okay we are having so much fun talking
and we're making cookies and other kind
of cute to kind of adorable but like
they keep the cute ones or Cory's and
the ugly ones are mine and Trish's yeah
wait wait wait this is time
i cat just got into the the leftover
stuff from making cookies covered in
flour
what did you do you stupid cat John
let's just do the chorus hey Trish
cookin it as a dream you didn't you can
find me out of the group to be pissed
okay what was your group name we never
sang before Courtney's no no I'll be the
club's diamonds and know she's gonna be
diamond okay I got a heart your are -
these diamonds I'm one of my club your
stay curse me that's that that's cute I
like
Oh wannabe oh yeah would you ask five
tickets to the Queen's support the Queen
I am the heart
you already done and you're the club up
paid would ya cares if we're going on
tour where the Four Queens wha Oh
ha
Oh
