are you Morgan calendars Wow I love you
why Corey just walks around the house
holding gus-gus I'm talking to he's no
good we're going to go every day it's so
big some of it walks around talking to
him it's the funniest thing in the world
today I'm getting some work done
oh girl them pegs on Ahmad I'm not cute
honey okay Tyler Oakley glasses are
gonna come in handy today because girl I
look rough Vegas did not treat me well
so I'm going to go hopefully to Color Me
Mine a little bit later because I really
want to and also tonight the kids have a
Christmas concert so I'm going to go to
that tonight which I'm really excited
about okay so I'm gonna keep editing now
and I'll see you guys in a little bit
all righty so I went to Color Me Mine
Cory it was super fun I didn't film any
of it but Cory dance if you want to see
you can watch Cory's walks and with
Rachel now and my new car Bridgette got
a new car
and we're going to the kids concert they
have a Christmas concert last year I
couldn't go because I was on tour you
were flying home the day of the concert
I was flying home video because I don't
know from where but I was went home so I
couldn't watch it last year so I'm super
excited I get to this year they're going
to be so cute it's gonna be that much
fun I made it I was late I made it
- knocks - ray
oh my goodness you kids did such a good
job and their concert it was adorable
they did so and now we're all at the
dinner and it's so cool the whole
family's together taking it in such a
good job is your fun you're welcome he
did such a good job
oh she's opening her present from trench
so Christopher just without his camera
to vlog and I think my favorite thing
that has ever happened on a vlog does
happen where he was like well family's
out to dinner and pulled his camera out
single family and everyone in unison is
like yeah without him prepping us and
then as soon as he didn't camera back on
were like we knew so go check out
Christopher's vlog because it's like
what's my favorite thing that's happened
in a walk so far this vlogmas I couldn't
decide between a bunch of delicious
things so I got a bunch of delicious
things we got pretzel pretzel bites
which were amazing and then dad and I
are splitting this which is the Irish
platter so we have fish and chips lamb
stew and what is this a little bit like
mash no no it's the Irish what is this a
shepherd's pie shepherd's pie Shepherd
so dinner was amazing and now we're at
my brother insist unless house and
Bailey is holding her little tulip look
if she nibbles on you don't worry if
that means you kisses she's very sweet
getting paid she's not as skittish as
most not skittish at all she's really
sweet
okay you know you're a good mommy you
love her so much sweet this little best
friends you guys are so cute together
he gives me lots of kisses oh hey Parker
I love you do how much I mean really
really much do you love me yes how much
well not really much how much you love
me I love you 2055 2055 I have one what
how much I love you infinity and down I
love you more than I love chocolate
pancakes Thanks how do I get more than I
like the churros at Disneyland
whoa that's a lot what do you love me
more than I love you
oh you love me more than you love mint
that's a lot yeah
do you love me more than you love Legos
yes yes oh yeah Parker do you love me
more than you love Mickey Mouse yes do
you love me more than you like
Disneyland yep do you love me more than
you like ice cream yeah you do you love
me more than ice cream yeah so someone
said you could hang out with auntie
panties or you can eat ice cream what
would you pick say but if you had to
choose between me or ice cream wolf you
would pick I yeah yeah wish you looking
yeah I love you okay we're gonna go home
why not yeah I have to go home
oh I do I have to go home don't go how
am I supposed to go home later yeah what
you don't like me more than you like ice
cream I really like you but you just
like ice cream more I like you more than
I like ice cream I love you if I want it
like but you'd rather eat ice cream than
hang out with me I really like you hang
out
you or ice-cream hang out with you
that's what about if someone said here's
a cookie or you can hang out with auntie
panties little Kansas's it's okay you
can have chocolate ice cream or you're
getting old auntie panties Thank You
panting there you go he's learnin have
you have you Morgan calendars Wow I feel
special I love you more than everything
I love you Morgan everything I love you
more Wow Anders Ali more that was a good
kiss I'm home from the concert and a lot
of you I saw comments saying that is mr.
Gus so here's Gus being cute as per
usual he's perfect
he did really good in Vegas I'm
surprised like how good he was on the
plane and um while we were there he's
just amazing he's my best friend and I'm
going to sleep I love you guys and I'll
see you tomorrow
