it's complete I won't read it a mama
truck oh good morning good morning Cory
and I are wearing matching Church good
morning good morning - I'm obsessed with
these Tyler Oakley glasses I wear them
every single day if you haven't checked
out Tyler's new line please go check
them out because they're so cute I wear
them everywhere ISM everyone loves them
Tyler Oakley knows what he's doing
anyway um we are leaving Vegas now so
say goodbye to the pool say goodbye to
the living room say goodbye to my mother
say goodbye to your dad and Trent sad
time are leaving Vegas but I'm excited
to go home I feel like we've been here
for two weeks so much has happened but
why had my hair so curly day who do I
think I am Shirley Temple
gotta go on the plane but oh we have
been eating terribly we're in it back in
LA by the way and the first place we
might do is Trader Joe's because we have
glittered and living on fast food - the
past two months and we want healthy food
so we just filled our part with veggies
and this for health reasons healthy
healthy making almond beverage
that's what I'll tell em and what we got
so much food like oh my god
tonight I think we're gonna make honey
mustard chicken that parados in
everything we needed now we're at
another grocery store we are mine so
much food our house is beautiful also
we're getting this other kind of a
litter because the cat gets like the K
litter pellets that we have currently
stuck in his paws and then he walks in
the house and then there's kitty litter
and poo all over the house all over my
bed so we're trying like thicker
Democratic a letter I'll let you know
how it goes
all right we're home from the grocery
store I just did a live stream we live
streamed episode for haters back off
which was really fun now we're gonna
make dinner and I'm going to show you
guys a recipe that I used to make all
the time but I haven't been able to cook
in so long I feel like I'm very out of
practice but I'm going to teach you guys
how to make a delicious healthy dinner
and it's super super easy I'm not a a
cook I would never taught how to cook I
don't know how to cook and so this is
something that's really easy that you
guys can learn how to do so right now
I'm marinating some chicken right in
here and I'm going to teach how to do it
so the sauce is really really easy to
make all you need to make the sauce is
just mustard I'm using organic yellow
mustard from Trader Joe's but you can
use any kind honey you can use any kind
of honey salt and pepper curry powder
and some garlic if you want but that's
not necessary so I already made some
sauce but I'm gonna make some more
because I really like this sauce I made
sauce to put the chicken in the chicken
is marinating in it so you make this
sauce and you use half of it to marry
the chicken and so it can like get all
the juices inside the chicken and let it
sit for like you can do it overnight you
can do it for 30 minutes depends on how
much time you have I'm just gonna do it
for 30 minutes tonight and then the
other half of the sauce you use to pour
on top of the chicken after you've
cooked it so what I kind of do is just
this is the worst gonna be the worst
recipe but I kind of do equal parts
honey and Eagle parts mustard and then
curry powder um just put a little bit in
I think you like a cup of honey and a
cup of mustard and then a teaspoon of
curry powder
then like maybe a teaspoon of salt and
1/2 teaspoon of pepper I don't know I'm
making up these measurements I just kind
of put it in till it looks how I want it
to look stir it all together you can
mince some garlic in there too that's
really good but I just tastes it and
then I go home I think it needs more
honey mmmm I think I need more mustard
so basically how you know what it needs
more of is if it tastes like mustard
then you need to put in more honey if it
tastes like honey you need to put in
more mustard until it tastes kind of
like honey mustard
Maddox wait it but I just taste it until
and then just add stuff until it tastes
how hard to taste so this is the worst
recipe ever good luck so tonight we're
having the honey mustard chicken like I
told you so it's marinating it's been
burning for like 20 minutes so I'm going
to heat up some oil in a big frying pan
I'm also going to make some chicken
gyoza pot stickers so this is really
easy from Trader Joe's you just throw it
in a pan with some olive oil and then
water and put the lid on I also bought
some frozen spring rolls and we still
drawn the oven easy-peasy
and I'm also baking some vegetables
which I've taught you before in a blog
but it's really easy I love baking
vegetables I do it pretty much for every
meal it's delicious I always get
compliments on I want to make it and
it's so easy you just take Brussels
sprouts and like chop them up and
broccoli
I added asparagus tonight you can put
whatever vegetables you want cauliflower
literally anything squash you drizzle
olive oil a couple tablespoons of olive
oil on a pan with tinfoil salt and
pepper you can add garlic you can add
time you can add rosemary you can add
whatever whatever herbs you like but I
usually just do salt and pepper and you
throw in the oven at about 400 degrees
and you just leave it in for about leave
it in for about 20-30 minutes until
they're a little bit burnt they are so
good make sure that you put it in the
oven immediately after you put olive oil
and salt and pepper on it because if you
put olive oil on it and then let it sit
out before you put it in the oven then
your vegetables will be soggy so I just
threw the chicken pieces so I did
chicken breasts today I cut them into
like slivers get medium-low heat so that
to make sure that it cooks all the way
through you let them cook for about
maybe seven minutes ish I don't know on
one side until they look like they're
pretty cooked on one side and you flip
them over
then you can cut one open to see if it's
still pink on the inside or if you have
an internal thermometer chicken is
cooked when it's at like 165 170 on the
inside so that's how you know what so
when the chicken is done you put it on a
plate and then with the remaining juices
that you may I pour it in the frying pan
and heat it all up a little bit for like
a minute so that it's nice and toasty
warm and then you can drizzle it over
your chicken and your rice and it is
delicious we got chickens we got two
sticky rice we got some gyozas we got
some egg rolls we got some vegetables we
got some Cory's I won't rat it a mother
truckers dinner it was delicious
the chicken was incredible the glaza was
very cool and easie this sticky rice was
just the stickiest the honey mustard
sauce was full of honey and mustard and
the egg world was okay hey girls I like
I do not recommend nothing I just but
the games like itself it's because we
need those two in sour sauce we're just
like that normally I feel like when you
make egg girls they like the frozen ones
they like come with a little packet of
like oh yeah tritter juices are really
good like Thai chilli sauce it's red I
literally just dip my finger um it was
good it was good it's a really easy easy
easy meal try to make it at home I'll
put the recipe in the description I want
you guys to try it make it for your
family it's literally the easiest meal
in the world and it's pretty good I
didn't make sure you have a wrong to do
the dishes we're all doing dishes I just
do the right to walk dinner was great
and now we're just hanging out on the
couch and watching Love Actually and
enjoying our time together before
we going to New York you're spending
Christmas together in the other side of
our country so they're leaving in a
couple days I'm so sad but tomorrow the
kids have a recital Christmas recital
concert and I'm so excited to go see
them and there's gonna be working from
home maybe doing some random videos
might go to Color Me Mine so many things
but love you guys and I will see you
tomorrow I'm so happy to be home okay
Oh
