Merry Christmas sir whatever you
celebrate hello everybody I'm in Santa
Barbara I'm in my house and I don't
think I've ever given you guys like a
full house tour before of the house I
grew up in so that's what I'm doing
my mom screaming no it's dirty it's not
dirty it looks good I want you every
room I'll just do my room I'll just do
my room this is my crew up okay so see
this is the entryway
I want you anything dirty I only show
the pretty stuff so this is an entryway
that's a bucket of cat food and there's
a little sign hoses choose happy and
then this says all the stockings are
hung but this is actually where we hang
our jackets and I'm pretty sure this
stays up all year long this is our
little entryway area she's so mad
when we were little this had a fish tank
right here and you walked in there was
like a big fish tank here normally at
Christmas time there's a little
cardboard fireplace for you mom stop
freaking out she's spazzing I'm gonna
blog at the house anyway I wasn't
different oh my god mom I'm not gonna
show anything dirty she's literally
having a heart attack
this is where we keep our Corey's oh
don't mind me I'm just doing kegels
gotta get it tight phenom the living
room has changed the configuration a
million times when we were little the
couch was over here and then it was over
here and it was over here again and the
piano is over there but the piano was
never in that
I brought Daisy nope it's just police
food I got you I got you on candid
camera so normally I'm very disappointed
in my mother because normally there's a
Merry Christmas sign dangling right here
all along and I loved it so much that I
put it in haters back off and haters
back off there's a Merry Christmas sign
that's like dangling over like the
dining room area cuz it's like my
favorite part of my mom's house and it's
gone so I'm very offended we should
because it's like my favorite friend's
house to the point where like it was
Steve littles favorite part of the house
- and there's one scene where it was
missing Steve stop they're like okay are
we ready okay rolling and he was like :
no the Merry Christmas sign isn't up
like the guy plays my uncle Uncle Jim
he's like freaking out he was so upset
the Merry Christmas sign wasn't hung
behind us and in one of the scenes my
mom is geeking what are you doing it oh
my god okay so I'll take you back here
so this is the backyard where's the old
one made out of paper I went to paper
Baker's resigned that was fancy rich
people use mom please don't fall mom
you're gonna get hurt
oh I see okay so now I feel better
although that is a fancy one I just put
in a hole that was there any day that's
right
what are you spitting at no charge yeah
that looks great
Oh this is old school I love this piano
so much
this is a book Bailey ro these are the
pictures on my mom's wall they are all
black and white and safety yeah
Instagram is shaking it's like the only
picture of Rachel's boyfriend we have on
the planet it's Trent there's me and
Chris working on haters back off r.i.p
I'm devastated Rachel being the coolest
little kid ever yes there's just like a
lot of cute little pictures on the wall
of my family family's everything to us
so it's very important that there's
pictures of family everywhere cuz family
is our world there's a gas mask because
the fires were like destroying my
hometown so those are all over the house
too
this is the kitchen these are paintings
that Parker Bailey and Jacob have done
here's the fridge I'll close this here's
the fridge which is always covered in
artwork by the kids pictures of my cat
oh my god so cute you are the best
grandma are you kidding the cutest thing
in the world these are different hey
that's another thing about this house is
random family members are always walking
in and out I love my family I'm giving
them a tour the house Andrew you miss my
mom's passing and running around
freaking out she's so mad at me right
now I'm bad I painted this for my mom at
Color Me Mine with my grandma once she
used to always take me and then I got
her this in Australia and this or she
got these did not show in New Zealand
she came with me on to her once but she
still has these from when I was I think
I was little I wonder there's a year on
here no just some scribbles 97
so that's 97 you would have been 11 I
was 11 years old when I made that mom
you kept it this whole time and there's
always chocolate at my house because my
house is full of chocolate coz we're all
obsessed with chocolate dark chocolate
only do not embarrass me and offend me
by giving me milk this is also something
I made for my mother is a rose because
I'm an artist
there's no date on this one though but
it looks horrible so I'm assuming I was
really young but I used to go I used to
like ceramics class I was very into art
as a kid I was terrible at it and then
she said Oh Rachel made her this so
momma has all this stuff that we've made
her all over the house look - oh Cory
and Cory again and there's a bunch of
these up here because my mom has
chickens in the backyard I just have a
corn dog and yes you did yeah well the
amount of logs you've done here thought
they'd have like a detailed plan already
but like I've never given them a full-on
tour which I'm not even allowed to do
right now anyway sure they're grateful
after this one that you never did know
they're not they love it so this is our
family rules I've never seen this before
this is the hub that I would walk down
every Christmas morning we'd all hide
him with that back row that's my groom
was a kid and we'd read it wait in there
and jump and scream and freak out
because the Christmas tree being here
and we'd wait and wait and wait until
mom and dad said it was time and then
we'd run down this hall like that's what
this hall always makes me think of as
Christmas morning this is the boys
bathroom there's boys bathroom and a
girls bathroom cuz boy pee on seats and
are gross we had three girls and three
boys in my house growing up plus them
because there's always extra family
members living here so that was the boys
this is the girls they're both the same
size and actually our bathtub which is
over here
we never use growing up we only use the
boys bathroom shower because we use this
bathtub for storage because when you
have a family of six and a small house
you need the storage so we use the
bathtub for storage back in this room
which I'm assuming I can't go in because
the door is closed is where the boys
lived so my brothers lived in that room
and now it's like the kid room the toy
room is sewing room it's like just all
kids stuff in there and I'm sure it's a
mess because the grandkids come over and
kids are messy so that's probably the
situation in there this is my mom so I
assume that means it is off-limits for
you guys to but this is my mom's room
and in my room
but the last room in the house on the
end and now it looks nothing like it did
when I was little now there's just one
big bed now it's technically the guest
room but when I was little there was a
bunk bed against this wall and there are
pictures of cats all over the walls the
walls were white they were not purple I
think they were pink for a hot second I
can't really remember but now it's full
of like my mom has our posters on the
wall and then this wall is full of
Miranda because I used to visit home all
the time like if you've been watching me
for a really long time you know that I
used to be in Santa Barbara like every
other weekend like I really love coming
home
but so I would need to place the film
when I was here so that I could be here
for a while so I'd filmed my Miranda
because here so we made him around a
wall here
so I could film when I was visiting my
parents and then this is our closet as
you can see there's no closet door does
that look familiar haters back off
Miranda's room and haters back off does
not have a closet door either so that's
where we got that idea there's a lot of
stuff in this house that inspired the
house of haters back off not so much
anymore the house is much different now
than it was when I was a little kid but
now it's where my dad stores a lot of
his nicer clothes and the blankets /
blankets this is a bucket full of my old
baby clothes these drawers are full of
like old journal oh my god I might have
to read you guys my emo diary later
because it's incredible what's up so I
just got a present from Andrew I'm at my
cousin's house now it's much later in
the day and I got a present from Andrew
but I'm just noticing he spelled my name
wrong you messed up and you it says call
Keynes
it's a floppy bag
anyway he got me very nice gift I play
white elephant in a minute which is
really fun definitely made us a
delicious dinner it was so good usually
yeah if you guys watch my blogs every
year I've already said that like six
times in this vlog alone I usually come
to 70s on Christmas morning but since
this year my family is coming to my
house in LA we're not gonna be here this
morning so she had her big Christmas
party tonight and we're gonna play a
white elephant I'm very excited because
I love white elephant at the Trent house
and look how cute this low munchkin is
my aunt Cindy also Mackenzie yeah I know
and Toby he's a good boy and where's his
outfit yes my outfit here we go
I'm coming for a cheat I'm gonna get it
tastes like has a light show it
says try me I have a light Legos it's
like this store just up
my cousin Liston is next what's he going
to pick these and kittens on that one
good luck my Weston has fans so see you
guys know he was in some videos of my
last year and he had like hardcore
Western stands on the elia what you got
are you nervous
Cory is next she got a bag what is it is
that
that's not coming to our house someone
asked to see all that that's not allowed
in our house oh and city's coming for
the part basically if any of you don't
know what we're playing right now
playing white elephant and if you don't
know what white elephant is drag one
bring some present and you all pick a
number and you go in order of the
numbers baby's presence and you can
steal from someone or you can pick a
brand-new present but something can only
be stolen twice if I only touch three
people's hands it's really fun game we
played every year hey my cousin Amy is
next she brought that oh she brought
this oh that's a good she wins when it's
there oh it's a pig stealing my kind of
steal mine you can steal it three things
three that this means the other two are
bad you don't know that this is a
holiday Cooper would you like to try
again
never on TV Mackenzie go pick one out
she's so cute the bunch of candles set
of candles because yeah yeah that's
really nice there okay that means you
get to pick a new one yeah and II don't
you went home alone she's just dancing
she's living her life she's not time to
take a present oh my god I love my
family
honey is my dad sister she got a cute
one I like well I get it no no matter
what
it's many pool daddy's up Oh dad dad
miss Steeler watch out dad oh no my dad
see what she got it's dr. teals like
bath salts and stuff they're really good
that's a good one
okay let's see what Adams got okay my
mom for Trent and he just stole home
alone he's gonna love it
this is great news for me cuz the
Malcolm maybe steel we've got some pool
I love an air hockey who do I want to
steal from I do that crash I don't want
your paper hurt but
what is that up to big part of the night
poop on headphones here 58 fell in the
game game is over I've ended with the
air hockey thing rachel has the gumball
machine know what store fight against it
so that's good yeah we're playing
against each other immediately
it just looks like you guys wearing
tutus she's ready for no answer it's not
as if it's not as if later than between
specialist
here's the blaze until there's the baby
on others a t-money
here's an Amy here's a mommy but excited
what are you excited about and excited
to watch the movie excited about your
baby are you pregnant
no who's the cutest oh you gotta get a
profile shot you something to watch you
watch movie I gotta go oh I got these
earrings ma'am I'm just giving this
stuff for my appeal box so I got these
earrings names like some of our ski
crystals in them all right here is no
fancy okay so my mom is in charge my
peel box and you guys send me some bows
to him that's so sweet so she got um got
a few things about those hoop earrings I
was showing you I also got this really
pretty necklace that has California on
it
look at this yeah I think that's so cute
thank you so much I got a ukulele case
bask act on it I got this like cool like
doughnut making pie 10 you guys are so
sweet thank you so much everyone whoever
sends me anything it's the kindest thing
in the world it's 1:00 in the morning
just go home I had so much fun with my
bow me tonight I feel like the luckiest
girl a world I've such an amazing family
like they're just the best and I was
have so much fun with them I love
Christmastime and yeah tonight was super
super fun so yeah I love them very much
oh my god logs these are actual
disgusting slobs I'm going to go to bed
and wake up tomorrow it's Christmas Eve
tomorrow and spend the day with my
family my parents are coming over and
we're gonna bake all day and cook and
just hang out and wrap presents sing
Christmas songs and watch movies I'm
really excited I love you guys I'm gonna
go to bed and I'll see you tomorrow
you
