it's great I did not get french fries
and I strongly regret my decision
leaving like an owl that's no beautiful
I like your bow baling I love you what's
up guys today has consisted of me trying
to upload videos all a day long so um
then aren't here so bad luckily
Jessica's a sweetie and let me use her
hot spot on her phone that didn't work
too well but it worked better than
Internet here I'm trying but I have like
five bucks in Sime doing vlogmas miranda
vlog this is me and posting two videos
myself on Tyga's friend oh it's just
impossible to get them all uploaded when
you have bad internet so I'm eager to
get home so I can upload videos
regularly again don't know how it's
related but I'm flying home oh because
you want me to go home early
no I'm I need to stay here I'm gonna go
see a show tonight
it's called Zumanity it's a Cirque de
Soleil show right it's a show where they
do acrobats so I didn't vlog like at all
today because I was working all day it
was like a crazy person for me tons of
like
I thought so it's not so but we are
headed to go see Zumanity which I've
never seen I'm super super excited I've
wanted to see the show I hear it's
really risque I don't I don't think I'm
gonna be allowed to film anything there
but I'll let you know how it is we're
hoping in a cast
it was fun um but we were not so many
things so sorry but now we're at Shake
Shack because obviously why do I need to
even explain why we're here we saw Shake
Shack that's why we're here
not only have I got - yeah Oh John got
to work I did regret my decision I still
regret my decisions I feel like I should
have gotten all things I'm very
regretful but it's okay I'll let me do
cool calls so I know I didn't really
blog anything today guys I'm sorry I
wasn't allowed to film Zumanity and
nothing really happened - now the crew
has shrunk
- Trent mom dad teenie Rachel me and
we're listening to Mumbai that is what
that is how we party on a Friday night
in Las Vegas so to spice up tonight
who's gonna eat a cat tree three what do
you win you win a bit to be the
thumbnail win I'm you're gonna kiss on
the cheek
I just crumbled it
yeah well why'd you crumple it well not
smaller you're gonna do it oh my god
do you taste it what it tastes like red
meat dried meat I cannot believe you
just did that I mean what me gross
mom's a trooper oh I did you get a kiss
my cheek yay I need to be the thumbnail
I'll make that happen
all right we're just gonna hang out eat
cat treats and go to bed so this vlog
has a bunch of nothing sorry guys
tomorrow we head back to LA and oh the
kids have a concert tomorrow wait no way
from their Sunday mom it should be so
tomorrow I'm just headed it back to LA
and hanging out at home so really
entertaining stuff sorry my vlogs have
been so weird lately I like haven't been
narrating them so it's just like jump
cut e weirdness I'll try to be better
Betty better for the rest of you want
less all right love you guys it's
December it's Christmas time to get
Christmas trees time to go Christmas
shopping there's so much fun stuff to be
done I love you guys I'll see tomorrow
look
Oh
