it's boring um bleep $70 on a penny slot
yeah
member
I'm vlogging watch Mitchell swap I am
about to do the video and we didn't
bring my show outfit to Vegas so I'm
literally just wearing like a black
onesie and I was a jeans and we bought
these sparkly shoes in Vegas last night
forgot an outfit so I'm wearing this one
I hope it's okay I'm at the meet and
greet in Vegas hey guys okay so me and
great one well I haven't really been
vlogging today because they've just been
it's been so hectic trying to handle
like so many people at the show and
trying to figure out what the show is
gonna be I still don't even know I don't
know how the show's gonna go it's really
weird it's like normally in situations
like this when I write a new show or
have new content I'll have like a show
to get it out of the way and try it out
and then the rest of the shows on my god
feel so much better so this show after
tonight I'm like I just want to go on
stage again and fix the things that I
did wrong
look hi it's magic Eric who are you I
don't know this is very confusing
because we're in costume without
character yes
so um yeah what's up did you want to say
something yeah what and cuz of these
yeah yeah I know it's very sparkly the
audience loves Patrick they likes I love
you their faces off for the hall I've
got the footage of the screen yo yeah
let's take Miranda cries cries Miranda
cries offstage and Vegas we just
performed in Vegas how do you focus baby
sounds that looks like what happened to
me on stage I hate it on stage I
couldn't get my rip-away pants off and
these got stuck to my foot and was so
slippery and hi bull we hate it like
fell to the floor ate it did you see
that was it funny yeah yeah it's pretty
funny
you're right look what I won you want
would wear out your machine jokes
he's got jokes we found a machine
throwing away a dollar right now I did
it
oh I think I wouldn't have that my turn
it's my turn
okay go call it this could be it guys
huh now it's the weights right here
ladies and gentlemen
that I feel it
okay come on there are three triple bars
I was that not a thing understand it
No
all righty we are heading to the table
thank you yeah we sync your energy right
there
sorry of everything we could be doing in
Las Vegas of course we knew it's not a
brand el diversion hi hugs there's me
today their shows I'm not going without
we're going to talk about bunch of oh my
god I'm so glad we're here I came to
Beijing when we were assured one goal in
mind
no laughing again he played one slot
machine one slot machine we've made the
Gamble's maybe seven dollars me we had
to share gas money and split a hotel
room yeah I'm like actually she's living
and we played this game called kitty
litter and we've been left shooting look
we already follow in front of it because
we love Jo we've been looking for a
kitty litter we try League not an LP
this wasn't $70 on a penny slot I
getting later and we were screaming
everyone in this casino thought we want
a million no they thought we're
millionaires I picked her up I did one
of my daughter's we got one money lucky
to glitter and we just pread we didn't
know we were doing
we just hit play langerhans down I have
never given it to you actually the best
probably the best day of my life using
it very nice shirt oh man I forgot to
close out the vlog last night it was
such a fun show it's so much fun to talk
about Cantina weeds so much fun gambling
I am having a blast here in Vegas with
my family and friends so today we're
hanging out we're gonna go see Zumanity
tonight which is a Cirque show I love
Cirque shows and very excited so stay
tuned for tomorrow's walk to check that
out sorry the vlogs have been a little
bit late my internet here is terrible so
it's really hard to upload stuff I don't
know how my sister and brother have been
uploading cuz I cannot get anything to
upload anyway I love you guys I'll talk
to you tomorrow
Oh
