it's mournfully I started my period
during a pap smear
oh well good morning sir good morning
everybody so tonight we're having a
friendsgiving with all my besties and
I'm getting I'm getting ready oh um and
we're getting ready to go to Vegas cuz
we go to Vegas tomorrow hmm
Oh dumb I have some good news and some
bad news
the good news is I made two dozen
cookies last night Christmas cookies
there's more good news is that I ate all
but five of them the bad news is I ate
all but five of them so I'm going to be
sick
also fatter than I was before how am I
supposed to get anything done when I
have this cat you're good I'm trying to
come up with different video ideas to do
as Miranda I'm gonna try to film a
couple right now I have to go to the
gynecologist hmm I'm really bad about
going to the doctor guys like I hate
going to the doctor I never go to the
doctor I go to the doctor for my
shoulder all the time but I very rarely
go for anything else and I have not been
to the gynecologist in four years so I
am trying to get this show ready uh and
I'm gonna sing a song that I wrote last
year about Christmas look at my hair
guys I am just really attractive so I
thought I would practice it for you guys
I've noticed that recently there's a lot
of really angry people on the internet
which is understandable there's a lot of
things to be mad about this wars murder
Donald Trump is our president that's
what people remember
oh no they're mad because I decorated
for Christmas too early for their liking
the people are really mad at me cuz I
put up my Christmas tree
yes it's November 1st but I want Santa
to come early there's absolutely nothing
wrong with that but people seem to
disagree and might disagree
I mean they are really really really
really bad me like seriously
I hate you Jacobi don't worry you are
going knowing what do you think of my
headband it makes me look like an elf
just respect for our seniors ending
skinning go smack yourself between good
night bill boy
thank me by your Christmas tree yes
bitch about that we I'm talking about a
week's extra skin on your elbow your
regulars I'm demonstrative over that's a
witness my friend and what I say goes my
wenis that's what I'm talking about
Christmas makes me happy so it's a
little bit of a mess but I'll get it
there
um I'm not putting that Donald Trump
thing and don't worry I'm just kidding
it was just for the vlog stop writing
the comments um okay okay John just got
home and what are we doing I've been
home for 45 minutes and I've already
encouraged making white trash tuna melts
not only that he's been over 45 minutes
he's already found diarrhea all over the
house
oh so much diarrhea pork Gus can guess
this got sick and he diarrhea inside of
my pot literally entire potted pot an
entire pot full of cat poop I should not
be surprised to get back to anything
less I've got out some crackers I was
like you know we go these crackers tuna
and he's like you know be good the tuna
crackers my trusty white crash right
trash tuna melts is what we're having
miss we're gonna write a cookbook of
like white trash yeah for how does the
recipes like and we'll be like Cheryl
whopper $1 whopper with you brother dare
you bring that up that was one time when
I was a child we were really poor and we
couldn't afford whoppers for only $1
the time and we couldn't afford some
more than one so we would share a
whopper my mom would ask for them to cut
a whopper in half you know there's
always so my dad mr. McDonald on the
29th in hamburger day and you couldn't
go on the cheeseburger day because the
cheeseburgers were 39 cents that was
toast with them three the 29 two
hamburgers take it home and melt a kraft
cheese slice single on it in a microwave
help me I'm all grocery store and get a
szostak whole upper one-quarter and
spline quarter what was it like doctor
mist yeah doctor bedroom mist um Shasta
Cole Shasta Cola the doctor great oh
just great just great that was a good
one yeah all right bye I just had a day
sorry time I might save the full story
for my main channel because I cannot
believe this just happened to me
basically I went to the gynecologist I
had to eat a pap smear today so if you
don't what that is it's basically where
they go inside your Vahine and they're
like scrape a little bit of your vagina
off and it's really comfortable and then
they test it to make sure that you don't
have a bajillion diseases so I've done
it before
and I'm always clean and clear and being
a lady who's only had what partner I
know that I will be clear again but it's
still really good to go and do this
anyway laying on the table but a snaky
with my legs spread and this woman is up
in my vein and I'm like this is feeling
wetter than normal I was like this isn't
hurting as much and it feels very wet
she didn't say anything she's like okay
um you're looking fine uh and then I sat
up
she's talking to me talking about my
vagine you know they make you sit on
that like roast crunchy paper I feel
something coming out of me and I was
like please do not tell me that that is
my period she gets up she's like when
she put on your clothes and tidy up she
leaves and I stand up and there's just a
nice little puddle of menstruation I
started my period during a pap smear
what is my life I'm healthy though
that's great I turned into Miranda um I
need to film like 400 videos right now
time
film more videos by just finished
filming a bunch of videos and there are
some funny bloopers of mean choreo
Thanksgiving turned into not
Thanksgiving where we ordered pizza so
on eat pizza now
goodbye look who's here you don't know
what is I always say zealot it's
definitely Bentley it's the only not
sell it anymore
these are Tyler Oakley's classes he
announced it today he has a new line and
try I mean it's working oh I actually
wear glasses
and those cute I can't see but yeah I've
been wearing them every day and I
haven't been able to tell you guys that
they're Tyler Oakley's oh yeah these are
Tyler or good lady glasses you guys go
check them out or Warby Parker or be
human you don't know I can't say the
glasses are on Warby Parker calm you can
get three sets of glasses sent to you
for free
I'm not add it's not an ad but Tyler
hopefully has glasses on Moby Morpher
hider perfect I'm wearing Warby Parker
I'm Warby Parker amazing Barbie burger
we're going to bet me it's got a big ass
tomorrow I love you
