it's Maureen and wager quite fighting me
are you buying me oh girl I look rough
okay um good morning
it's Monday oh my god we are we have a
busy work day today I need to get the
show ready for Vegas because we leave in
two days for Vegas oh my car and
tomorrow we're having a friendsgiving so
we need to get all the stuff for that -
of what your friends are coming over and
we're doing Thanksgiving with just our
friends and I look a hot mess I need to
put on makeup so I'm gonna go do that I
said to do my makeup and then didn't get
to my hair and then just got distracted
I'm editing excoriate now I just wanna
show you guys how what Gus is doing he's
just perched on my leg knowledge my I
have very thin chicken legs so it feels
like he's could fall off at any second
like but he's the sweetest cat he has to
be on someone's lap or cuddling with
someone or next to you or at your feet
if you're walking around like he's so
sweet I don't know how I got so lucky it
was such a sweet little kitty kitty
made it best he seriously like everyone
who meets Gus is like this is the
coolest cat I've ever met like everyone
who meets Gus is obsessed with him he's
perfect
listen you know it's great about working
from home you get to change from your
pajamas into more pajamas so I needed to
change obviously excited wearing the
same pajamas since yesterday and I was
like looking through clothes to put on
to wear today and I was like I'm just me
working from home I want to be
comfortable so I put on mol pajamas uh
that is the best thing about working
from home you just live in your pajamas
my cat sweaters in cat sweaters I got
this at Target and it is literally the
Safa Singh the world I hate shirts that
have like sayings on them usually I'm
like not into that um and they had a ton
of these and I wanted to buy them all
but they all were like Christmas cheer
is here I need coffee
and they all like weird stupid phrases
but it's so soft I could have held it
it's like the softest in the world and
my cat is eating mashed potatoes
director of haters back off amber Gaynor
just text me the funniest video so if
you guys have been watching me for a
while you might remember when I was on
set the director had the worst Miranda
sings impression on the planet and he
would do all the time to make me laugh
really hard I'd always snapchat it but
he just sent me an updated version I
haven't talked to him so long since the
premiere I'm obsessed with him he's the
best um that made me laugh I miss him I
hope I get to work with him soon I still
haven't heard anything guys I really
really want to do a season two and the
show's been out for a month and a half
what does it know our month in a week
five weeks I'm so impatient like most
people have to wait like six months and
I'm like it's been I'm not um but I
really do want to know if we get a
season two I'm like dying I have so many
stories I want to tell in season two and
if we don't get a season two that's fine
too I just want to know so that I can
like start working on the next project
um anyway I hope I get to work with him
again I love him so much he's amazing I
am taking a break from work to play the
ukulele shucker I'm editing this right
now it is the next day and I just want
us all to take a moment to appreciate
the copious amount of lipstick that is
on my teeth throughout this entire thing
Thank You girl okay continue cuddle time
with my buddy it is probably the one in
the morning something like that sorry
nothing really happened today guys it
was a work day for me so it's just a lot
of sitting at home editing and writing
and working and answering emails and
nothing really worth blogging so I don't
have any like interesting footage but
sometimes it's gonna happen I'm filming
every day of my life and some days are
gonna be more interesting than others
and look at this little dude he's so
sweet my best friend I feel like this
whole vlog alive done is talked about
how I'm working and how amazing my cat
is I feel like that's all I do every
vlog ow
jerk why fighting me why you buying me
see he's like cuddly and then he'll like
a tacky like a little dickhead when are
you gonna act like we're not best
friends you're gonna walk away like
we're not best friends anyway tomorrow
um I just have a lot of getting ready to
do for Gus you are literally right in
the way of my vlogging um so tomorrow I
just get ready for the Vegas show this
is the last day I have before we leave
we leave on Wednesday have a doctor's
appointment and we're having
friendsgiving tomorrow I'm having
Thanksgiving with all my friends
tomorrow it'll be fun love you guys so
this vlog was a bunch of nothing welcome
to vlog a mess with me it's not very
entertaining I love you and I'll see you
tomorrow
why did I kiss you backwards this means
I need to sleep
look
Oh
