um he pooped on my head yeah hi guys
welcome to the floor I'm in the middle
of doing a livestream for Java cancer
and I'm already messing it up oh my god
okay it's 4:00 in the afternoon we
started that livestream at 1:00 so it's
been three hours a three hour livestream
we raised let me refresh it thirty seven
thousand eight hundred and four dollars
that's crazy that's so cool
like I'm so proud of you guys I'm so
proud of you like thank you so much for
donating and joining my livestream and
this is amazing like it's for such a
good cause it's for kids who need it and
of anything I've ever done in my job in
my career in my life this is what I'm
most proud of last year you guys raised
$20,000 and this here is almost $40,000
and I'm so so so proud of you um you're
wonderful you guys are wonderful thank
you I can't even express how proud I am
of you guys that's an amazing number so
last year I doubled what you guys raised
so last year you guys raised $20,000 and
I donated $20,000 this year I'm still
gonna donate $20,000 but do it
differently I'm going to give a lot of
that money to Natalie but natalie is a
girl I met um she came to my shows and
she's amazing and she is struggling with
cancer she's not struggling she's
fighting cancer and she's gonna beat it
but she needs help
and so I'm gonna give her some money I
want to donate this year to specific
people and smaller companies because
last year I donated to st. Jude's which
is great and you guys should do that but
I wanted to donate to something else so
I'm also donating to a company called
Family reach that helps families who
have kids with cancer to help pay their
bills because a lot of times parents
will lose their jobs because they're
always taking their kids to the hospital
to get treatments and this company will
help them pay their electricity or help
them pay their for their groceries and
help them pay for things that they could
pay for otherwise so um yeah anyway
that's where the money is going I'm
going to donate right now - disco fund
me account and I'm going to donate to
Natalie's account and yeah I'm so proud
of you guys thank you so much for doing
this I love you so much huh
got a question for you you see a Santa
Claus sweatshirt that has a beard
attached to it how can you not buy it
something's possible richer you have to
buy it which is what I did very proud of
this purchase the hood is Santa Claus
hat I also bought matching onesies for
me and Rachel and Cory and John and this
is pretty much worthless in my life so
we raised almost $40,000 for childhood
cancer then we went to Target and Baba
to Christmas stuff so I could say that
this day November 27th is one of the
best days has ever happened to me
so this is the aftermath of the
livestream everything is just in piles
in my kitchen on the floor tonight
coin I have to organize it all and start
packaging things up and writing letters
to you guys that are donated I'm so
proud of you guys I can't even like this
I just I know words are coming out I'm
so happy
just you're so impressive I just can't
believe you guys raised so much money
almost $40,000 yeah it's amazing
you guys are incredible loving oh in
celebration of you guys being incredible
my sister's going to come over we're
gonna barbecue some food with her and
her boyfriend and me and Corey and yeah
package step up and make some pros tows
ornaments look what we're making froze
toes ornaments handmade every single one
by me and Corey pretty cool stuff so I
was thinking of taking those I'm going
to give a lot of them to family and
stuff but maybe taking some to Vegas
we just had some dinner it was so good I
should have filmed it but like I we ate
it too fast here I'll show you we had
amazing chicken and asparagus some
delicious kale salad mashed potatoes and
corn it was so good and I want anymore
but I'm very full
it was delish so congratulations to us
for making a kick-butt dinner I need to
give the cat a bath I feel like that's
gonna be a nightmare
um so that's my night all righty
we have matching onesies - not on yet
but we're gonna give Augustus and a
little bath if you're watching the live
stream today um he pooped on my head boy
it's about boob area he was ass and
girls hope they got on his hand and it
was one of the funniest things that has
ever happened to me we were laughing so
hard so anyway he needs a bath he's
covered in kitty litter he's covered in
poop we need to we need to give him a
bath
so I'm to soak that but the butter
probably sir you're the weirdest cat we
got to wash off his bed like sucker to
get with - Edie
I wanna massage mean and sighs your
toesies Cheetos he's recovered in
Twitter
Roger but I don't think mom - the last
time she liked Mikey Gus Gus got his
bath he's very angry oh my god he's
sitting by the fire
oh my god he's so pissed
yes yes
cuz I'm sorry but you had poop all over
your butt we had to wash you he is so
mad oh my god we started to talk about
it was delicious
um yes I know the last thing you guys
saw was me eating a huge dinner but
listen it's a few hours later and mama
needs her Taco Bell
uncle ball doesn't count it doesn't know
you guys know if you don't give you the
calories oh yes Gus are you doing I'm
sorry I'm gonna close out this vlog
because I'm tired and I'm gonna go to
bed but I love you guys thank you so
much again for raising money today you
guys are amazing and I love you so much
and I think
ha
