what's up please I didn't vlog at all
today the sun's already down
I'm a horrible vlogger but look at my
best friend's he's getting so big you
guys it's crazy I'm getting so big you
smell like poo poo and kitty litter you
so sweet so I need to find things to
give away for this livestream tomorrow
so tomorrow is the childhood cancer
awareness livestream and I need to find
things to give away at this livestream
because the deal is if you donate you
are enter to win something I will sign
it and send it to you so I have to find
stuff to give away so I am going to go
through my Miranda closet and find
things to give away like stuff like like
this okay look these ears I got a Disney
World with Frankie Grande they matched
Frankie and Cory and Rachel we all got
matching ears and wear them all around
Disney World so like I'll sign these and
send these to someone and that's another
thing I think I'm gonna like print out
the pictures of me using these things so
you guys have proof that like this was
the originally owned by me not that
anyone cares about it tons of like we're
gonna camp shirts I've tons of stuff so
like all up here I'll probably give away
some around of sweatpants I'm gonna go
through the office now and try to find
stuff to give away
ok so I just got a bunch of stuff
together we didn't mean something so
like this I've wanted a bunch of Coleen
videos this I were onstage on a bunch of
my tours in like New Zealand Australia
and I think in Europe this is Marge this
is all discontinued Marana Cambridge
this thing I store apart and a Miranda
video - Eames backpack mother sings book
I wore this all the time it's in a ton
of pictures
the speedy and the beasts weren't in a
bunch of videos this unicorn I wanted to
bunch of videos medicines for President
Killeen March haters back off pants this
is a discontinued shirt from like years
ago I wore these ears to Disney World
with discontinued ready I'm sure at this
dress I wore at like every live show for
like three
years the more merch this dresser used
to wear all the time this hat from
Halloween that I had matching with
Rachel this sweater that YouTube sent to
me last year for Christmas there weren't
all the time so a lot of exciting stuff
that we're giving away tomorrow the live
stream 1 p.m. Pacific Standard Time I'm
so excited I hope we raise a bunch of
money I don't know what's gonna happen
last year we got lucky and you guys
raised $20,000 over $20,000 this year I
don't know what's gonna happen so we'll
see but I'm very excited to give away
all this stuff and I'm about to go the
store and buy more stuff
ok so I just found a bunch of old
scripts from haters back off when you're
writing haters back off and I think I'm
gonna take some of the scenes out and
I'm going to sign them and send them out
too so that's kind of cool that like old
versions of the script that didn't even
make it into the show like scenes that
aren't there like okay so here's the
scene with Miranda and Patrick with the
kissing the this is the original
dialogue Patrick says hi Miranda how did
it go out there
Miranda says we won we won the whole
freaking parade that lines in the show
and he's as well Miranda you were
amazing at float driving Patrick says
you are my eyes and Miranda says and you
are my feet and the actual show I say
you are my bottom because we rewrote the
scripts 400 times maybe we could go on a
date sometime renesis okay Patrick rings
his Bell in celebration that's how that
scene originally ended so yeah this
scene is totally different now but like
this is cool to me that I have these old
versions of the script they're totally
different now and I think might be cool
to like send some of these out to so I
might do that as well and every single
penny that you guys donate goes to
childhood cancer so um yeah it's not
like I'm keeping any of it or using any
of it to send this stuff to you like I'm
using my own money to send everything
out and I'm not getting any of the money
every single penny will go to childhood
cancer so even if you don't win
something you're helping someone who
needs who needs it so it's a great cause
and I hope you guys all tune in but I'm
gonna go the store and get more stuff
right now and also get props for my
Christmas show Las Vegas but somewhere
first I hope you guys come so John is
out of town and he bought this awesome
truck convertible and I'm gonna drive
I'm gonna take my car and drive it to
Michael it's so cool I'm so excited he's
gonna be he won't care he told us like
you loved the keys right there
the Corey and I are making props for my
show and Gus Gus is obsessed with Corey
and this is currently a Corey situation
as he's trying to Macross my show Gus
what are you doing Gus he's just chillin
on your back as you're trying to make a
prop for my show Gus what are you doing
goober huh you love uncle Cory he loves
you I can't work he's just sitting he's
literally laying down having a nap on
your back
