please I'm 30 years old and these are
the things I do okay I decided to come
back to Santa Barbara for the day so
this vlog is kind of all over the place
because I just decided to spend time
with my parents and not really
vlog so um there's a lot of randomness
in this vlog I don't even know what this
vlog is but hope you guys enjoy it my
mom and I went on a hike to the cliffs
and she stole my camera so this is some
of that footage
uh-uh so I found all the Christmas tutus
from the Christmas show we did last year
and I put them up in fact really hard to
get around it
littlest things entertain me what a
loser I'm 30 years old and these are the
things I do what do you think I look
like then I'm making cookies and we're
looking at old photos I'll show them to
you but I need to take this off let's
see how long message I'm going to show
you guys some old photos that are making
me laugh this one is from a backyard
play that I did when I was home-schooled
which is what inspired the backyard play
scene in here's back off there's even a
hose that is like symbolizes the front
of the stage in the cardboard box set
which is also something that happened in
that episode this is when I thought I
was a model this is when I went out with
my my dad and I went to the top of a
mountain together but this is like one
my favorite memories with my dad was
going up to the top of a mountain this
is me looking like a total derpy child
this is embarrassing because I was not
allowed to celebrate Halloween Halloween
until I was like 13 so they finally like
okay now you can celebrate Halloween but
I was way too old to be
trick-or-treating and also was like a
homeschool nerd and didn't know that
like this is a very embarrassing
decision like what I end up wearing I
was Dorothy but like just I just look so
loser I love this picture
I'm too old oh man when I took a mime
class because that's a normal thing for
a child to want to do is take a mime
class time to go home mom doesn't like
it when I leave the house um but it's
great to be here and I can't wait to
come back because I know I can like I
have the Vegas show next week and then
um I'm basically going to be in Santa
Barbara hopefully from a lot of it
but I need to go home I'm a
but look I want you guys this so this
right here I've told you this before
yours in haters back off they've
replicated this they did they did a lot
of like replicas for haters back off but
this is something that they remade and
put it in Bethany's room on Bethany's
wall so there's a lot of cool little
things like that in my house that like
we recreated for his back off anyway I'm
gonna go and go home and go to bed
and I'll see you guys tomorrow love you
love
Oh
