please someone snatch this girl up she
can make a turkey we are in Santa
Barbara and by we I mean Rachel and mr.
Bay have to blur that out yeah I'm super
excited to be here with my family I'm
Sal and where's my other shoe where's my
other shoe I lost my shoe Kris we're
just kind the kids are still in Hawaii
we contemplated staying in Hawaii but um
I don't know I I wanted to be with the
Stephanie and Andrew and my mom my dad
and my brother so and also this has some
tragic news I have these pants that I
wear it like pretty much every single
day of my life they're high-waisted
jeans and I really like and they have a
little hole in them and then it just
ripped and out is like gaping huge
Rachel's mad at me there's dogs barking
there's a lot happening
okay we're inside we're already cooking
you this is my favorite thing in the
world to discuss with somebody like so
excited she's already done all the work
I'm just gonna cut up some my shoes oh
yeah I'm gonna try to help with anything
that I can so right now I'm chopping up
some Vinny
is sponsored by hashtag add hashtags
mom's pick something up to the Sox they
missed a big opportunity I wash oh I
miss your in tube socks my Joe
I am waiting on Thanksgiving story of my
life fast we meet you man good really
well I have it I hug the dog side when
we see your hair look it covered in dog
hair I am - we can't see - hot bird
oh my gosh so I just tasted Stephanie's
turkey and what it's the best work
you've ever had I'm not just saying that
it's the best turkey look at your cell
count someone snatched this girl off
shakem like a turkey yeah but seriously
this is the best turkey I've ever had oh
my gosh I'm so excited Thanksgiving
happy Thanksgiving happy give me a happy
thinks I giving half a V give me happy
thanks I guess you hate that song huh
Sonne I've watched on the way here rock
beat the gaming happy I make this game
it's so I know I'm going to eat my wake
and blue today and every time we have
Thanksgiving or any family gathering oh
I always feel like I gained like 400
pounds so today I'm gonna show you guys
before and after so this is before Oh
tell me more
G for all I've had today was to buy sip
of chocolate chip pancake before
this is before
hey put that down oh my god lean it's
not a broad shirt but it's the illusion
or something else you know you're
related to a youtuber when your cousin
who has nothing to do with YouTube goes
hey guys if you want to go vlog the food
before people eat it now's the time she
need to tell us to vlog it okay so
here's the food ninja Trent's got food
before anybody else you're a ninja
you're a ninja
Trent has to go to work today
unfortunately what movies are out now
and have to be doctor trained or rifle
well at least you got to have some
Thanksgiving dinner I'm thankful for you
thank you you're thankful for you got in
you Stephanie
you crushed it
that was one of the best Thanksgiving
meals I've ever had and I ate it in
three seconds can you believe you worked
all morning and probably all we planning
for about three minutes
there's my left either spine Miami has a
ton of pugs and one of them what's
what's what's this if dish guess you he
doesn't have his back legs on work oh
yeah fractured his spine Oh puppy one of
his vertebra crash jeans broke up and
compress this fine oh so now he has a
wheelchair and it's the cutest
altogether we got the wishbone so we're
gonna see it you have to make a wish
got it so for my birthday step excuse oh
yeah I was moving in magazines Tony made
me my favorite dessert and I come in -
shorty nice and who's this guy I got you
taking my just always gonna do this
ah sure so that does that look so famous
in the air you shut up
no you got a dog - no anyway Stephanie
very good scissor which is something my
grandma used to make for me all the time
it's so good it's like butter fingers
and cream and ice cream it's fun so I'm
about to crush it and you can have a
piece but you cannot steal it I wasn't
home feeling dude
Andrew I do not trust you it's a gorilla
this is Toby I'm gonna ride Toby
don't wait on the dog you're never
allowed on my dog we finish dinner
here's the aftermath toilet oh my god
what a great Thanksgiving BYE MOM bye oh
this is my mom every time we leave town
she's so that every time we leave down
she hates it so much she wants us to
stay forever she's a doctor kid or
something
I know oh my god she's gonna cry she's
crying she's actually crying it's my
mother
oh my god she's crying she's crying
she's crying God my mom um Thanksgiving
was so fun it was so nice saying of a
family and relax and it was in the food
was so good yes Stephanie did a great
job it was really really really good
that was super fun I have had a big gasp
sorry guys you do typical Rachel so
gassy anyway I love you guys have a
great day I will see tomorrow
