please oh my god vagina per day good
morning I'm back from Hawaii and there
we go Tilman a bunch of videos to try to
get stuff done so I can joy the holiday
weekend um and I just had an idea
I like seven years ago made a miranda
album like a Christmas album and I want
to do it again so I'm gonna try to get
that done today I don't know if it's
gonna happen but I'm gonna try uh yeah
so anyway why is my shirt hot pink I
don't know but oh hello guys I love you
and there's listing eyeteeth never been
sexier in my life okay time to film
writing videos but okay I just filmed a
few videos including the mannequin
challenge as Miranda which was the
dumbest thing I've ever done in my life
so that's neat um and now I need to
unwind it myself and film of inch videos
as me and record the Christmas album as
Miranda which I'm really excited but I
hope I can get that up I don't really
know how that works so um I'm for
someone who works for the internet I'm
horrible technology I don't know my
problem is I was have to edit my vlog
from yesterday and it my vlog from way I
have so many things to do a holy crap I
need to stop blogging right now so I can
get stepped on I look like a normal
person now I've just been editing and
working like a madman today I recorded a
Christmas album for Miranda um through
Miranda videos I did my face I've edited
two vlogs and Anam stirring to learn a
song because my friend Heather has a
group called the Beverly bombshells if
you've been watching my vlogs everyday
you saw the blog where I went and saw
them perform they're amazing they're
going to come over and do a song with me
tonight so I'm trying to learn it and
it's kind of hard so I'm like trying to
learn how to pick it I'm not a very good
ukulele player um but I love this
ukulele so I don't mind practicing this
is my new ukulele Rachel bought me for
my birthday if you're watching the WYD
vlogs you'd seen that anyway that's what
I'm doing now I'm practicing
hi all so I've been working like a
madman today non-stop which has been
really nice I really love working and
I've been on kind of vacation I mean it
was a work trip but then I had four days
of vacation ish remember--the day so um
it's nice to be working my butt off and
I have a lot to do at six o'clock and I
still have a lot to do I have to
practice this song the Beverley bells
are coming in a few hours but before
that I need to work on the Christmas
show because we have a show in Vegas in
a week and I have not planned it at all
I don't know if I'm allowed to tell you
about these classes yet um but these
glasses but I don't know if I'm allowed
to tell you any of that yet but I got
these cute glasses so you'll know where
they're from very soon I'm at a grocery
store with heaven on set and it is
almost 10 p.m.
we're gonna film a video tonight so we
had to get alcohol and also wanted to
make cookies because my task only
mallinger so we're my cookies and drink
some wine and we're going to sing some
song and hang out it's getting fun time
yeah I feel like grocery stores is where
we spend most of our friends that is
true I actually think we saw John Stamos
in this grocery store you and me yes cuz
I gave a member in this no I swear to
god no no no it wasn't John Stamos it
was the guy from Will and Grace yes I do
remember
yeah like in that aisle yeah see most I
would have been like panties off
immediately
they don't say must be on childhood
crush okay I'm here with the Beverley
bombshells ladies
oh my god high kick p√°gina per day
China creepy days I know we just
filmed a video it's gonna be on my
second soprano child tomorrow I don't
know I don't know what I'm putting up
but it was really fun we should sing a
little snippet okay yes my channel is
either um yeah we're eating cookies
we're drinking wine we're singing songs
my battery's gonna die
I love you guys and I will see you
tomorrow before them on social media and
they're gonna do my show in Las Vegas to
become a strong Las Vegas you're gonna
see them
ha
