morning everybody that's cloud welcome
to New York oh we had check out of our
hotel but our flight doesn't leave for
another like eight hours so we're just
gonna walk around New York City we're
gonna go meet up with everyone at the
sugar factory or something later but for
now I'm just kind of wandering around I
thought was gonna be a lot colder than
this so I brought a big goofy jacket and
I'm sweating to death
um yeah that's that's the story Laurie
nothing exciting just wandering around
here today
Parker somewhat you did what you did
today I watched people who bore you did
today we're the M&M store with the Lego
store we are just walking around I just
when I'm a bragging moment we're in
we're in Rockefeller Center
and I just had a little braggy moment
with my brother where I was like I
haven't been through these doors for
just no reason before I've only walked
in the doors of this building to go
beyond the Jimmy Fallon show I realized
like I had some I was like I've been on
that show three times so not that is
that blows my mind I cannot believe that
them on the show three times that's so
cool and thank you or because you guys
like so
like 15k I would like
you guys I'm home it's two days later
look you see Mo's he was so happy when
Cory and I walked in and it made me feel
so good I was nervous he wouldn't
remember us like I was really really
scared but he was really really excited
to see us it was amazing and Gus and
Daisy did not care at all
did not miss me um but yeah I'd so much
fun in New York City Thank You Jojo for
inviting us we had a blast and oh my
goodness you guys I haven't vlogged in a
couple days because I've been working on
my book the process is not done because
now there's almost like they have to
like take pictures of every single page
and then I have to help them crop it and
there's like legal stuff and it's like
blah blah blah boring from now on for a
few months yeah all right I'll take you
guys never good bye
