whatever you celebrate good morning
everybody today I'm wearing my grandpa
sweatshirt when my grandpa passed away
we all the granddaughters got to pick
out one of the sweatshirt today wait you
say because it's cold outside and it's
like the hottest sweatshirt ever it's
really cozy warm so today it's walk
around think about my grandpa it's
pretty cool I'm running a couple
Christmas errands this morning before
grace comes over put on the video I
haven't seen in a long time I'm really
excited to see her but let's go to
Michael's my favorite place in the whole
world all righty so grace came over it
was lovely she's lovely I love her and
now I'm filming another video I haven't
only been vlogging today I was running
errands like crazy person and then I
filmed it's grace Gabby's supposed to
come over soon and we're gonna film
together just too which is exciting so
hopefully she will come over but I
haven't had anything to vlog I put on
fake eyelashes and I did it really bad
and they look really chunky and crappy
so judge me oh my god okay so I just
filmed a video and I talked about
something that I did not think I was
gonna get emotional about and I was like
sobbing so now I don't know if I'm gonna
post it cuz like I was not expecting
that at all and um so now I don't know
what to do because I was gonna I was
gonna film this video I was like oh I'll
just talk about this and it'll be quick
and easy and then I'll just post that
tomorrow but then I started like bawling
and it's really embarrassing and I also
like I don't want to post it cuz I don't
want people to think like I'm like I
whenever I like because I'm very open
and honest online I post everything and
I don't want people to think I'm like
crying for attention or like whatever
cuz I'm there's something about ukulele
I just thought that I don't know what
that was um I don't want it I like I
don't want to get comments they're like
oh don't worry I love you like if you
can see me okay cuz I'm totally fine
like I'm like happy and good and
everything in life is great right now
but I just when I talk about this one
topic I just get really emotional and so
like I cried and said now Michael do I
post it cuz if I post it everyone's
gonna think like I'm having an emotional
crisis and I'm a meltdown and I'm not
I'm like totally fine so now I don't
know what to
and I don't think it's something I can
just reshoot because I think if I just
anytime I talk about this I'm gonna be
emotional cuz that's just how I am about
this topic so anyway I don't know what
to do okay guys Gabby's over and you'll
never believe what she's doing right now
she's doing something that I can't do
she's a much braver than me she is a
hero in my eyes because she's literally
going through her hate comments right
now how are you okay I'm not only going
through my comments I'm specifically
searching words like ugly drink bleach
you stop because I need them I don't
know how she's doing she's like we do it
on your chin I was like no I think I'm
not gonna look at that
I like leaned over I was like I can't
see it like I'm too sensitive I'm too
much of a baby I can't do it she's just
like a bomb no I'm the most as a person
in tyrol I think anybody that like knows
I think I'm like no I know actual child
I know I know I know but I know I know
but I'm just shocked you're doing it
that's how much she cares about this
video she's gonna do for you guys like
this is commitment cuz I can't do it I
can't believe she's doing it oh here's
so cringy perfect she's responding don't
do it that's a horrible path you're
headed down right now are you really
responding yeah real talk keep this end
this is what this is yeah on this video
people are saying like uh usually you
have anxiety then how do you manage to
make a video every week I'm sorry that
like I don't let my mental illness like
you can hold me back from like pissing
me off so angry I'm actually angry
because like by this person's like
standards of what they think is because
I have anxiety and depression I should
let it completely control me and I
shouldn't work through it and I should
like sit and like cry or be nervous
instead of like working through it like
is it easy to make a video every week
no it's hardest if you think I don't
want to like curl up in a ball and die
90% of the week sometimes and I make a
video anyways like by the way she's not
kidding
like I mean Gabby and I are friends and
Gabby like often will text me like she's
always going through it guys like we go
when we're going through stuff like we
texted she's not like fine every day and
like like she's I think it's if anything
it's cool to be able to have someone who
has a mental illness who's able to push
through it and it's like a great voice
for anyone out there who's watching her
who has anxiety to like look up to her
and be like oh I have anxiety too and
like if she can push through and do it I
can't - I wasn't seeing the bus girl
like it's not you're not like totally
fine like you do a lot of times you're
having a hard time but you push through
it and you're able to like work through
it and you know be successful and work
hard and like that's something to look
up to so I think like what you're
responding to and what you're upset
about is that someone is telling you
that you can't work hard and you can't
do something just because you have like
I'm lying right I'm doing it for
attention because if I really had
anxiety and depression that I wouldn't
be able to have any type of success in
this industry and then somebody else was
like I'm sorry girl but if you really
suffer from anxiety that much of why
would you be in this industry because I
want to like oh I'm sorry
I could go on about this for maybe
joining two stops at work I never closed
out the blog last night but a lot of fun
with Gabby she stayed super late she was
here too like midnight or something and
we filmed the video for her channel I
don't know when it's gonna be up but I
hope it's up soon - and yeah that's all
see you tomorrow me good morning good
afternoon actually I woke up so late
today like my body and my brain were
just like no not gonna do it not and get
up so I literally woke up at almost it
was almost noon when I woke up which is
so not like me I haven't slept in till
noon since like I feel like since
college like I don't remember
for the last time I slept in that light
I just think my body and my mind know
it's the end of the year I think like my
my whole being is like hey we're done
like we're gonna go to sleep now and I
think my body is just going into
hibernation yeah my alarm went off at
like 8:30 then I'm off at 9:10 and every
time I just like turn it off and I was
like yeah I'm not gonna get up today I
don't want to do it what's up guys oh
man I just was crying again because I
was editing the video that I shot
yesterday that was like really emotional
and even just walking at made me cry um
um I think I'm gonna post it tomorrow
I'm I'm really nervous what people are
gonna say about it once it's out I'm so
freaking weird and emotional and crying
in it so much anyway I think we do a
live stream right now I wrapped some
Christmas presents if I made some
popcorn for myself hey guys so Kareem
I've been watching movies and wrapping
Christmas presents and I just walked up
the stairs because I'm gonna run to the
store and get a cake which I'll explain
later and look at what we found
on the stairs dude today that is a tiny
turd my friends tiny oh my god I don't
know which one it was Gus but it's so
small I feel like it might be Daisy I
don't know but one of them pooped on the
stairs
he's cat cuz Gus although Gus if he did
it he would not give a flying F like
right now he's losing stuff look at Gus
right now cuz you're being so cute
he's uh cute Gus was it you did you poop
I'm gonna run a cake over to Rachel's
house I think she's having her off day
so I'm just gonna get her a coke not a
coke okay
coke is what I want I want
I'm gonna get me a coke I'm gonna get
her a cake hey we did it we found vegan
stuff okay
I swear that whatever that is on the
ogre thing she keeps saying that plug
but it didn't have any vegan cake but
they had vegan pie vegan cheesecake and
began ice cream so I got her a bunch of
Kasasa ifer I forgot she's vegan I
always forget she's being and I'm still
getting used to it so luckily we found
stuff so now we're headed to Rachel's
house to give her some special treats
one time like I mean I'm talking years
ago rich and I were talking about how
when you're really upset and you're like
in public the last thing you want is
someone to hug you because then you just
start crying and I was like yeah when
I'm upset like I don't want a hug I
don't know just talk to me just give me
a cake and leave me alone and then the
next time I was upset like a month later
there was a knock at my door and I text
Rachel's telling her I was having bad
night and there's a knock at my door
when I opened it there was just a cake
on my doorstep and a coke and Rachel had
left it so she's not having great night
so I'm gonna bring her a cake even
though that cake is pie but technically
it counts
uh-huh oh my god these are like skin
masks are so nasty I always feel like
they just look so creepy and weird but
someone gave me a gold one I matched one
of my shows they gave me a golden mask
so if I like I had to do it so I'm doing
it so thank you can remember who gave it
to me but someone gave it this to me
thank you very much I'm using it I also
just painted my nails bread with nail
polish that someone gave me at one of my
shows so thank you you guys weld me with
all these present it's 1:15 in the
morning and I am doing some editing
watching the voice again and I'm just
trying to finish up wrapping and stuff
because tomorrow morning we drive to
Santa Barbara and spend the day there
with my family goodbye everybody I'll
see you next time God dad tomorrow
you
