it's gory numbly
I'm gonna get like poop scenes on these
so quickly what's up guys here at the
airport and we sat down with massage
chairs so naturally John was like well
we have to pay for profession so two
dollars it is on mmm for eight minutes
eight eight minutes in heaven you look
at this video are you I hate this
feeling
going once going in it's awful here we
go we're laying down
oh we're recline so many people like
there's even a hottie anyone there like
we have an audience of like a hundred
people hugely oh wow awful
hey who is it on your legs my actual
favorite part is our audience that we
have hundred fifty utilizes bathroom not
like walking Mira like literally walking
- it was yeah Wow I think we're on the
same rotation schedule be good okay the
world war it's like yeah - I'm doing
this - I'm feeling weird
Oh
hey this after a long day of traveling I
finally got home and my mom was here and
look she set up a birthday cake of
cupcakes in a cone which is my favorite
and she got me this huge present someone
opened it but look who's here y'all
don't pretend like you're shy Hey
I'm seating so big it's crazy anyway
okay let's see what my mom got me oh my
gosh thirty is God nice towel towels a
bunch of white you know these are say SP
thanks mom
I'm gonna get like poop stains on these
so quickly mom gave me a box of gifts
and I have one for every day up until my
birthday but I've been gone most of this
month so oh my god my gift God my mother
knows me See's candy who a Beautyblender
these are always very useful thanks mom
blush bronzer do oh we're scrapbooking
stuff oh yes I love this palette thanks
mom you're so sweet that's the end of my
birthday all righty I don't really have
anything else interesting to say today
this is gonna be the shortest vlog ever
um but yeah I'm back home and tomorrow
I'm gonna be filming up Gus is just
chillin in front of the camera we're
gonna order some talk about because we
are very healthy here at the Ballinger
residence and just a casual walk by um
so yeah that's what we're gonna do and I
don't really have anything else is
saying this vlog me if there's something
else interesting happens tonight I will
tell you about it but um I don't think
there will be so I love you guys
tomorrow
ha
Oh
