Aloha welcome to my Hawaii adventure
special this is going to be a very long
plug for you guys today I'm so excited
I'm in Hawaii because Disney flew me out
here and I'm so excited I'm here with my
whole family and we get to watch the new
Disney movie Mulan I'm so so so excited
to be here and thank you Hawaiian
Airlines for flying us all out this is a
dream come true I'm so excited my
birthday's next week so I've been
considering this my birthday present
from Disney so thank you but we just got
to Ilana you came here last year for
Bailey's birthday so the fact that this
year I'm here for my birthday is really
exciting I love it here I love Disney
you guys know obsesses Disney I have a
little note and chocolates I am
desperate to take off my clothes put on
bikini get my ukulele and go down to the
port on my side oh my god they're
getting
you made it we're in Hawaii a little bit
time at the beach whenever just a couple
days no it's not just a 3-game just
three three gay men Hawaii who like it
on Hawaii Hawaii Hawaii Hawaii Hollywood
where are we Parker Wow excited I got on
my tie which I do not need started
raining and I'm so cold I don't want to
get wet I'm hiding an escape today
yeah it is actually pouring no ID
everyone makes fun of me for getting
under the table but now everyone's away
except for me
so make fun of me all you one up there
but I'm the winner
but a fun day I am so so tired
I went from touring on the East Coast to
flying home going straight to wedding
spending a full day working my butt off
and then barely sleeping flying to
Hawaii I'm toast
it's like 9:30 and I'm getting fat but
I'll see you guys through hey good
morning everybody I am at breakfast look
how pretty the viewers hold on look at
that
come on with this and we all ate like
way too much food last night luau so
we're all like getting berries for
breakfast stuff that we're about to be
on the beach and I just don't want to be
below and so we got some fruit and
orange cheese food you see Moana a new
Disney animated film based on the so
exactly sure I'm really excited to see
the movie um I don't know anything about
it it's just like my favorite way to
watch movie is if I don't know anything
going into it I just know it's a Disney
cartoon and it everyone passing out
about it and the rock
Oh
dance ability
we won the width of the wind okay so we
lay down at the beach for a little while
margarita and now we're gonna go meet
some dishes character come on a long
voyage
the ocean is my favorite my friend
Maui on three what to do Eugene Miranda
come through and then it says oh oh our
canoe butches that is the best canoe in
the world I'm so proud of this canal all
right y'all go you see her sitting at
castaway she don't got to say but
there's something about hey about my
trying to tell you wanna you want her
naked right now you do it's possible she
wants you to there's just one way to ask
the girl just a shame to that you're
gonna take a girl get up
we had a lovely day on the beach and now
we're headed to the Moana from here
that's not the premier actually I think
we're just anxious yeah it's playing at
a theater
yes but we got dressed that Ponte we are
there screening the screening it's a
screening that has my fare work that we
are I'd be sitting next doing the rock
Johnson strata screening my family is so
big we take up the entire I just elbowed
her face cool ah
the premiere was so much fun or the
screening it was super fun uh today was
super fun I love Hawaii so much it makes
me really happy and it was just fun to
hang out my friends and play ukulele and
just chill tomorrow
I'm getting a facial in the morning and
then we're going to another island which
is crazy we're going to an island I've
never been to before which is really
exciting so that's the end of this day I
love you guys and I'll see you tomorrow
oh good eyes in the morning you're my
goodness the glamor life we're having a
family breakfast I'm so happy I got a
eggs benedict and pancakes anyone else
got fruit um cuz I'm the healthy one
morning Jo after this I'm gonna go get a
facial and then lay out for like ten
minutes and then we're going to an
airport or I don't know I need to put my
glasses to draw I look raw ran about an
employee jean boat
I think we don't really know what's
going on oh you see if you push it this
way that's high and if we were ceiling
we would turn to the left it's a boat
oh my gosh we to see the reveal of an
airplane that's right see this is so
cool oh my gosh I've never been this
close to a plane like on the ground
I got laid walking everyone's watchin
all righty I'm gonna go up on these
stairs and take a picture I'm a little
terrified actually do we need to go in
the place you wait what we just go on to
play - this is a very exciting oh you
put them on a cell phone now I see good
that is so cool I have to pee so bad oh
man what a long day tomorrow is gonna be
so much fun I cannot wait we're going on
like an adventure all over the island
and we're gonna see waterfalls and we're
gonna do like uh we're gonna go explore
like an active volcano I think which is
something I've always wanted to do my
entire life so I'm really really looking
forward to tomorrow hopefully tonight I
can just sit in bed for the next like
four or five hours and get some work
done but anyway yeah that's my life
right now I love you guys mount up you
dating right
hello everybody the next day whether I
said oh I don't know I said hi how are
you
take two okay so I am we are what are we
doing I don't know where we all right a
look at this weird lookout point we're
on the Big Island and we're driving
across the entire San Jose was not a
good idea we're in sandals it is C hell
honty oh my gosh look guys it's
beautiful
kidding
Oh pumpkin noodles hi pumpkin so many
stray kitties I think Gus Gus needs a
friend I want to take one home all my
hugs my love so what is it what's next
week now I can see you
that's better mom are you gonna give me
for my birthday
okay daddy oh that's a great present all
I want for my birthday from all is a kid
oh please that funny that I want to kiss
my birthday hey can't you give me a kiss
for my birthday
oh now it's Norman
so guys get it
nope tock
now what about to learn about stars that
probably mostly here and honestly didn't
make any it is so confusing it is like
crazies math problem the world trying to
understand the Stars and navigate stars
but I am so impressed with anyone who
can do it because it is so confusing and
it was it was fascinating I just wish I
could understand it I just felt really
stupid we are a volcano it's very late
at night and we just not going oh my god
I can see it Donuts gracious premarital
with others okay so it is freezing out
like freezing shivering breeze like I
can't even film the volcano because I'm
shaking so much so I really have to look
at it again but we need to get warm so
we're going to try that up our blood
okay
okay so we are on a night hike you got
cars three-d-- I didn't know they're
making another one
um we are on a night hike and we're
going to some lava tubes whatever that
means
BuChE BuChE scientifically they're
actually tubes that have been carved off
tarp out of my penis out but is
happening in the night
besides it deplete its tubes that have
been carved out by molten lava and we're
gonna walk through those tubes right now
so done scientifically there
oh no flashlight you're pulling a
flashing surface on scientifically there
holes made from laughs I can't see
anything
okay I'm gonna die Oh weird take it back
oh my god so wait lava made this no
lover just keep going through I'm up
shut up this is so cool okay so what did
you think of the lava
I love the tube was really cool yeah I I
wish I could see everything in the
daytime I know cuz we're right now we're
walking to various like creepy you mean
right now we're walking through like it
looks like it would be cool if you could
see anything but literally pitch black
out here like I feel like I'm gonna run
into something but that was really cool
what an awesome experience to be able to
go through a lava - it was like Indiana
Jones said yeah and it's like midnight
oh yeah I'm walking you understand me -
shoplog okay boys okay time to go this
has been a crazy fun week Thank You
Disney for flying you my family out it's
been a treat seeing a volcano which I've
always wanted to do but seeing Moana
which is amazing you guys should all go
see Moana in theaters
in such a good movie and I think my
favorite part about it is the fact that
it's a story about a girl who is a hero
and who is confident and brave and she
doesn't need a man but I loved that I
love that it's teaching young girls that
you don't like usually Disney movies
every Disney movies like it's a princess
who finds a prince and there's nothing
wrong with that that's wonderful and I
love that too but I think it's important
to show girls that like you don't have
to have a man to be brave and strong and
hero and confident if you can or a woman
you can you don't have to have a partner
I guess I should say you can be
incredible all on your own and that's a
message that it really tells the whole
story it really encourages like hey you
being you is good enough and that is
such a great message and so anyway
please go check out Moana Thank You
Disney thank you Hawaiian Airlines for
bringing me in my family Hawaii it was a
trip I'll remember for the rest of my
life I love you guys and I will see you
tomorrow right
