I'm sorry Brooke all your headphones and
ears but yeah John went out got me
McDonald's for my birthday is the nicest
thing anyone has ever done for me in my
whole life
how did you it's so crazy the way I woke
up thinking I really want Donald he
knows me so well
okay dad you guys don't mind you ukulele
for my birthday I'm so excited that you
guys know I love playing ukulele but all
these leaders I have are like they're
fine they're nice but like I wanted a
really really nice one and she's getting
me one from Hawaii this is so special so
excited it was like all I wanted was
here and Rachel's amazing and she seemed
in and she's getting quite everyone's I
gotta learn I thought let's let's show
them what we're killing this one is my
uke this one is your you know go here as
a seat
hey pretty good job though where did you
get that
Wow
you have to give your toy back pictures
away we have decided to come to a
botanical garden because it's radii we
got to the beach I'm super sad about it
I know but I'm really excited that's
birthday I gotta come up with
alternatives I love this stuff I'm
having a board like so hard
I ruined another person I've never said
we're going to dinner tonight with the
kids and I'm gonna see the kids and I'm
so excited um yeah we're gonna go check
out a woven doughnut that's for sure our
people into clay maybe do
watching I won't do it
hey daddy oh my god
so this is my present I'm gonna put on
the water cause I'm a rebel
oh you might need
this is from your anti panties I'm up
going to Hawaii with you love daily
happy birthday do something about you
and me
Kaluga
cuckoo cuckoo Lucan aqua
okay my cards home the card room
yeah I'm going to bring my cards home
I'm going to keep them forever you've
finally made it to monkeypod we drove to
the island to be with family today for a
birthday dinner for Bailey's birthday as
am i for being poor it's where they were
all celebrating tonight I took this and
open an hour to get here just crazy
traffic and my home
not possible anyway we're excited to be
here because they have the best
strawberry cream pie this ain't no brand
ale girl I just love monkey paw
okay.we Jacob wrote a song called trim
him like a trance yeah he'll feel good
when he's trim I don't know why but Jake
wrote this song we've been singing it
throat rip now purchasing it as Miranda
our tree
lovely
okay this is what I came for look at
this delicious
scream hi amazing so excited hey guys I
forgot to close up the vlog yesterday I
had such a fun birthday with the family
after dinner we went back to
Christopher's room and we just played
ukulele and sang and hung out and was
awesome I just posted on my main channel
a video announcing the live stream I'm
doing to raise money for childhood
cancer this Sunday November 27 so please
watch and donate um last year you guys
raised over $20,000 and then I doubled
it so we raised over $40,000 for
childhood cancer and I want to do it
again this year
so um make sure to go check that out
send it tell your friends it would be
awesome to have all of your help raising
money for kids who need help so yeah I
love you and that's all I want for my
birthday so please join us on the
fundraiser at this Sunday at 1 p.m.
Pacific Standard Time and I'm going home
now I have to pack I have like 20
minutes to pack all my stuff and get on
a plane so I gotta go
Oh
