please everyone who think I'm gonna get
word no when you guys see this it'll be
my first night on my main channel there
will be a video coming out today talking
about the fundraiser I'm going to do on
Sunday the Sunday after Thanksgiving
November 27th a fundraiser for childhood
cancer so make sure to tune in to that
also get tickets to my Christmas show on
December 1st all these queens are going
to be there corey rachel john what part
it's not going to come and that's all
just poop okay so let me show you how
we're sting so this is so else we just
had breakfast we had breakfast
croissants they were so good I highly
recommend you everyone a delicious
breakfast make croissants bacon and eggs
and cheese and put it all together
polishes i'ma show you outside this is
crazy
everything spoopy I'm gonna go to door
swing yeah nigger in the middle of a
storm here in Hawaii so it's like
totally windy and crazy and a picture
just fell off the wall and glass
shattered everywhere look at this
looking at our feet like out of nowhere
there's glass shattered everywhere and
for once it wasn't your fault John oh oh
oh my god that was terrifying
we found a beach in the Sun came out it
was stormy and rainy all last night and
all this
the Sun came out and so we rush to the
beach and the reason I'm out of breath
is because we were playing in the water
I can try to be I heard oh no so
freaking proud anyway um we just went in
the water and the waves are crazy and so
we were just getting pummeled to death
by the waves of super super fun but we
saw sea turtle and it swam over to me
and it was really exciting until I
realized it was a sea turtle and then I
screamed and tried to swim away from it
followed me and it was magneri but
really exciting and it had a GoPro you
could have seen it but I don't so we
don't get to see look at the beach
the
oh my god we had so much fun at the
beach it was like the best time we saw
sea turtles we swam in the ocean it was
so fun were swept over here so now we're
at this like system there's a bunch of
like food trucks and stuff and we're
going to get some lunch and there's
chickens running around and anything is
better I am I've never been happier this
is the best birthday of my whole life
like I'm so so happy in Hawaii with my
best friend's in the whole world
just sandy sticky it sweaty and so happy
I'm the happy
we just rented smartphones or bicycling
yes
oh my god
so Cory got attacked by the freak I call
me was dark like that he's bleeding
everywhere so if you don't like seeing
blood don't watch this beep it's so
gushing alright this is gonna burn it's
gonna burn like about squeeze my hand
okay right now it's deep I don't know
that's still gushing boring okay we're
gonna try to patch this up and go to
luau
where do luau and we bought matching
outfit ah take a cheeky lardo Montego
baby why don't we go hey mama you get
that slow that's where you wanna go whoo
all right
my life in the universe is going to be
once again existential want to remind
you continue to walk around take your
pictures you're terrible
thank you go get into your FMEA I'm
using experience to give me a nice
appearance
so the luau was interrupts anyway blue I
was over God and now we are getting
shave I swear in Waikiki or getting some
shave I because we haven't had yet
Cory's never had shave eyes and Johnson
red shave ice and so we're going to get
it and it's gonna be great and the days
just for nice you are dad oh you're so
dad I would like to point out the
original are still wearing matching up I
got my shave Isis look at this
monstrosity for my birthday it's my
birthday on the East Coast
I want you some shape I thank you for
watching I love you guys and tomorrow's
my birthday I'm so excited we're gonna
go home
no Tibet because we're life and it's
8:30 and we're tired I love you and I'll
see you tomorrow
hi
yeah
Oh
