I missed you
I'm in Hawaii and I have a long blog
coming for you later of everything that
I did this week but for this weekend
I can walk every day so the truck goes
so we are going to a little farmers
market right now and maybe gonna see
some honorable
you
you
I found a baby someone drove us to it
we got to see this I've been wanting to
do waterfall we're supposed to see when
yesterday and it didn't happen so I'm
excited today very exciting right so we
are on a new island ever seeing at Jon's
boyfriend's
I'm really excited I've always only
stayed at like resorts and stuff so I'm
excited to stand house oh thank you I'm
getting dinner right now
I got coconuts corn this is like all I
eat my Kauai is like a thousand pounds
of coconut shrimp my favorite we stopped
at a grocery store to stock up because
we're gonna be here for two whole days
you're getting so much food which is
just ridiculous
we're gonna be there tomorrow if we
don't really want to leave the house you
want to just go like hang out there so
we're just stocking up so we don't to go
anywhere um but where you're getting so
much food it's a little bit right right
Oh Cheech aromas additional fried pork
skins not beautiful not really confused
with the non traditional characters
Patty and Daniel well they're just funny
huh because I like but we have
characters that we used to walk on New
York City doing cattle Patti and Samuel
and they owned a craft store together
it's kind of like Michaels but a little
more booty they love them up they love
button and a mess today oh we have to we
have so much Morgan ization I do Patti I
walked in here I was like a big sign
okay it is late here's a fart girl and
food lands where else would you get
water moccasins and we are gonna go for
a little walk on the beach in our new
water moccasins because our place that
we're staying at is right on the beach
right off that window you can't see
right now but right out that window is
the beach which is very exciting so
that's what we're gonna do right now and
while the truck
oh my gosh it's such a fun day I'm so
excited that now we're here we're here
and like my work stuff is done like I
had so much fun this week I'm working
and why I like what a dream job but now
I don't have any obligations I can just
hang out my friends and have fun and
that's what we're doing
for my birthday so we're only here for a
couple days but I'm just so excited this
is just going to be the best weekend
ever so yeah thanks for watching and I'm
glad I can be vlogging every day again
so now you won't guys aren't going to
get any more breaks for me I'm going to
be blogging every single day and till
January 1st I love you and I'll see you
too much
love
Oh
