hello Adam it's lacking look girls are
crusty it's 8:45 in the morning on
tastes of course I'm going to do a live
stream commercial Oh an ads for my live
stream okay so I have not been posting
blogs on this channel every day because
I haven't and I don't know some it aloud
to you I've been blogging your video on
Hawaii but the video for this week since
I'm here for work all has to come out on
one day in one vlog so you
I hate band-aids they just make
everything like this is so gross I'm
taking picture of this and tweeting as
m√©rida
I hate band-aids just y'all know um let
me take a picture of this really quickly
for myself for later you okay
that is so gross anyway I thought I'd do
a live scene for a hot second just to
say hi and I miss vlogging I know I've
only been vlogging every day for a few
weeks a couple weeks um but I really
liked the process of like filming my day
and then waking up and editing
everything and putting on line and
sharing my day to day life with you
it makes me feel more connected to you
guys than um just like posting stuff on
Silas Prine or Miranda sings because
those are like he doing something silly
or doing a challenge or telling story
which I love doing and I'm gonna do it
forever but this is like more personal I
guess since I feel like um I'm like
hanging out my friends and so and I
can't post my daily life I feel really
weird I don't know if that made any
sense anyway so I thought I'd do a live
stream I'm gonna go down the pool in
like 10-15 minutes but before I went I
wanted to say hi and what's up I am on
the Big Island of Hawaii
today we're gonna go explore and see
some waterfalls I think and go see a
volcano or something crazy which is
really cool um so yeah I'm excited it's
it's gonna be a fun day and I got to
come with Korey and Rachel and John who
are like my best friends in the whole
freaking world which is a dream come
true and and then rate our Jessica
Christopher and their kids my brother
and sister-in-law and their kids are fun
so all right I'm gonna go onto Twitter
and suit you guys are saying and um yeah
I don't have anything to talk about
I just wanted to like come and say hi
Cory and I are coming up oh yay um maybe
those Queens will come over anyway I was
gonna say Hawaii Twitter I was checking
Twitter well welcome to the morning with
me it's probably everyone's probably in
school right now by the way I'm doing a
Christmas show in Las Vegas like next
week or something crazy and we can have
so get your tickets cuz that's gonna be
really fun show and really excited and
like everyone is going like everybody so
it's one of those shows were like
normally I'm like don't drive a long
distance to come to my show like you're
crazy like normally that's how I act
about you guys when you drive like crazy
on distance or fly to shows cuz like why
don't you do that for me like that's
crazy
um but this is one that I feel like
maybe you should come to because it's
like okay so right now and it's probably
gonna grow right now it's my mom my dad
me Christopher Jessica the three kids
Rachel Matt Trent my cousins Andrew and
Stephanie Christina my best friend
Heather possibly um her group that she
sings with Harvey um maybe Francesca and
Erik and um who else oh they were coming
John Jessica Reid like it is an insane
amount of people coming to that show so
if you watch my vlogs if you watch my
videos if you watch my families videos
like this is the show to go to it's also
not like the same wrench so I always see
you it's a Christmas show so it's all
Christmas themed during holiday songs
and Christmas stories and magic tricks
and dance numbers and like we're
probably giving out tons of candy and
presents and like it's gonna be so much
fun so yeah and I was thinking about
like the Q&A the VIP Q&A moment before
the show um I want to do like I want to
sing on the ukulele with my brother and
if Eric comes he plays you too so like
we can all play you can like sing
Christmas carols with the people who are
VIP and um maybe even do it after her I
don't know I'm just like so excited
about it it's my final show of the year
and it's been such a crazy year like
this has been the weirdest and worst and
best year of my whole life
um it has been in the craziest year like
I can't even put into words like what
has gone through my heart and my brain
in 2016 so since it's the final show I'm
going out with a bang so go to Vegas on
December first please see my show
Miranda sings calm there's a lot of
tickets left like and if that's the
other fun thing is like it's it's not so
that's a big theater it's like 2,000
seats or something and normally when I
do big theaters like that it's like sold
out and it's like packed whatever but
this one there's not very many people
coming so it's gonna be really intimate
and probably like I don't know it'll be
fun anyway I just talked you're welcome
to coffee in the morning Co mean it
almost rain shut that news it is some
like nasty like shady tea thing on
Twitter
um okay I haven't even checked if this
is working so I'm showing him on Twitter
you know I'm gonna be like I can't see
you um oh my god Alexis said I'm
literally an English class watching your
livestream girl you're gonna get robbed
all so charles Abela said what have you
been up to in hawaii I've been doing
lots of a lot of stuff I mean I mostly
have just been like laughing with
John and Heather and Rachel art Heather
John and Rachel and Cory um but you'll
see my blog hopefully will go up really
really soon I'm gonna finish the vlog
I've been editing as I go because it's a
long blog I'll probably finish editing
it on Friday or Saturday and send it to
people to approve and then when they
prove it then I can post it so hopefully
it'll be a beginning of next week and
you'll see everything but Saturday and
Sunday um I can vlog and post it
whenever I want so I will be vlogging
out now studying Hawaii so you guys will
see me in library soon on blogs um
Alexis said oMG I'm crying right now I
love you so much and I've never seen a
live Sheena I'm so happy I'm crying oh
my god no cry I love you Alexa don't cry
I shall follow you um Alicia's at house
gus-gus oh I miss he's good though he's
a cutie patootie I can't wait to go home
and see him and I can't wait like I hate
being away from Gus Gus like my cat is
like my best friend which if you follow
me on snapchat you know because all I do
all day is snap like me and guess like
hanging out but yeah Gus is my bestie
and now that I have him like I always
have pets growing up but now that I have
Gus and he's totally mine and my best
friend like sleeps together every night
sounds scandalous I've only had one
other pet like that in my adult life and
his name was her her name was kitty and
she was the same way like my best friend
we did everything together she went
everywhere with me and she died when she
was only one year old and it was
gut-wrenchingly devastating and um so
the last like seven eight years of my
life I desperately wanted a cat but I
wasn't able to have a cat for many
reasons and now I can and um
and he's the joy of my life but anyway
was I go somewhere I keep you instructed
but anyway he's amazing and now that I
have him like I cannot imagine being
away from him like being away from him
for the past four days has been torture
like all I want to do is be next to him
and I don't know how anyone can be away
from like a pet for longer than like a
week because I am dying like I'm taking
him on Buster with me I already told my
team they were like you can't take a cat
on a bus to her and I was like well I am
so figure out how to make it work I
figure out how to get like pet friendly
hotels and let the theatres know that
there will be a cat at my meet and
greets because I'm not gonna be gone for
three weeks in January without my cat so
there's that I also might take him to
Vegas so and I'm not leaving him there
alone and I'm not putting him in a kitty
cat daycare like not a freakin chance so
anyway yeah I asked me about Gus Gus and
I'll talk for 20 minutes apparently okay
it seemed Ella said I have a math test
on your birthday I'm so sad that's lame
just skip it so its coins birthday it's
a holiday that's bad advice don't listen
to me um let's see Hattie loving sambisa
are you ever coming back to the UK this
year I okay girl who's being loud
outside cooks Carl
um and I ever coming back to UK this
year
well not 2016 but hopefully 2017 here's
the deal you guys won't let see I will
see so I really want to go back onto her
I am desperate to go back on tour yes I
love bus tour I cannot wait for January
I'm gonna at the time of my life
the bus tour in January but we're going
down the west coast and then we're going
across the United States so that's what
we're doing kind of like doing an
l-shape of the United States I love
doing bus tour I want to do more I love
to ring it's my favorite thing in the
world so one moment please
girl what you want
we have guests Rachel Corrie DeSoto
right here yeah my my coffee in my room
tasted like butts and it also I messed
it up how because it like it's like a
two prints in the one and I put it on
the one personal end and it's still
spilled everywhere I'm a two person so
they put another cap another 2% but they
distributed the wiper wine and coffee
into two cups I'm gonna is a disaster
we're trying to figure that separate
coffee it wasn't my fault that things
broken
okay so uh feminized woman I'm the full
house breakfast you know potatoes and
awful dreams okay so I was telling you
what about to her so I want to go on to
her for this 2017 I want to go to
Scotland desperately likes number one I
emailed my agent know me
take me to Scott in 2017 I'm done
waiting I want to go back to Scotland
because I'm supposed to go this year and
it didn't happen I when I go back to
Australia my go back to New Zealand I'm
gonna do another UK tour um I really
want to go to Italy I don't think I'll
do a show there cuz I don't think I ever
need like anyone who watches my videos
in Italy Italy but I just want to go
really badly so I worked Canada for
shows so I like one of them all these
places in 2017 yeah I know the problem
is we are waiting to hear if we get a
season 2 because haters back off my
Netflix is a beast and it takes up all
my time and I work like 18-hour days no
breaks like it is the craziest thing
I've ever done in my life no sleep no
eating no not like it is it's crazy and
if I'm doing haters back off I can't
tour because it's just impossible like
it is too much work um because I'm on
set every day when I'm not on set I'm in
the writers room if I'm not doing that
I'm in meetings for producing like it is
madness so they
such completed feelings right now I know
so if you guys want a season two which I
do if we get one then that will be my
2006 17 like I will be doing haters back
off because it took a year to do it this
year I tried to tour this year but a
little hard to tour and like I was dying
um so if they say you guys season 2 then
I probably won't be touring very much
next year but I did say I want to go to
Scotland so hopefully that can happen if
we don't get a season sail over the
world I'll be really sad honestly
because I took a risk with season 1 I
ended season 1 in a certain way I don't
spoil for anyone hasn't seen it but I
know but um the ending of season 1 is
not like everything's tied with the bow
it's really sad and I have I know what
happens next and I want to tell you what
happens next I don't tell you I'm gonna
show you in season 2 I'll show you what
happens and what gets resolved and what
doesn't and I want to tell you guys this
story and so if we don't get a season 2
I'll be so so devastated because I will
never get to tell you guys the rest of
the story of haters back off however I
will still be able to go on tour and I
also may be with read another book or
like do something you know I can there's
plenty of other stuff to do but right
now I'm in this like limbo waiting like
I don't know what's gonna happen so I'm
just sitting around like twiddling my
thumbs hoping to get a season 2 or
hoping not gonna season 2 so I can go
and twirl all over the world and meet
all of you guys so it's it's win-win
either way um yeah that is you if you
asked am I ever gonna come xqk that
isn't an answer um yeah so I don't know
I'm I'm dying guys I really want to know
we got a season two or not like it's
been over a month and we have not heard
anything
we don't know any we don't know anything
we don't know if we're getting the
season to or not like I don't so I am
Diane and also you guys point out in my
vlog on this channel last week or
recently I was I guess it was a few days
ago I was cleaning at my office and I
blurred out my wall there was a post-it
notes all over the wall it was blurred
out that's because I'm going so crazy
not knowing if we got a season two or
not my brain is literally feels like
it's exploding with stories that I want
to tell for season two and episodes and
storylines with Miranda with Patrick
with Emily with everyone and what
happens and where the season goes and
how it ends it for season two that I
couldn't I couldn't sleep like I was
just all I could do was think about
season two who got it so started writing
it and Christopher came over and you're
like Frankie writing stuff plot lines on
post-it notes and putting them on the
wall and like figuring out how we want
to do season two and all that kind of
stuff so I'm yeah season two is all over
my wall and post-it notes and sticky
notes and stickers and like all these
things right now
um because I just really want to do it
but um I don't know we'll see I'm so
grateful for season one like I can't
believe that even freaking happened like
how on earth did they let like a weird
youtuber with lipstick over her face
havock her own necklace original serious
like that is mind-boggling so even if we
don't get a season 2 it's okay like I am
so grateful for season 1 like what
freaking honor like it anyway ok I might
answer one more question and we're gonna
go to the beach cuz girl we want to go
get a tan only some tanning oil I
haven't like tanning or tanning lotion
or something John has 15 sons wha oh you
want the oil to burn no not the oil but
like no talking about like the Maui babe
you know like the brown Oh cuz you only
get like one day to tan and I'm pasty
again Melissa said is there anything
else you can do predicated season 2
other that are you watching it that's
all you can do it like what they want to
see is that people are watching it
and they're looking at the numbers and
like seeing if it's worth doing another
season so all you guys can do is just
keep watching it watch it over and over
and over I tell all your friends to
watch it tweet about watching it tell
people to watch the show and just have
it going like the more that people watch
it the more likely it is that they might
pick it up if it gets good ratings you
know if you guys are getting it a good
rating and giving it good reviews on
Netflix and online like those are all
those are all the things they look at
and so I mean I want you guys to be
honest I don't want you to go on and be
like this is the best show in the world
if you didn't like it like I'm not
telling you to go give a fake why review
like be honest but those things do help
so like if you guys give it a nice
review like they read that stuff they
look at how many people are watching it
how often if they're binge watching it
if they're watching went up Stoughton
and stopped watching they're looking at
everything so and I don't know those
numbers I don't see any of that um that
does just for Netflix to look at but
anyway um Rachel O'Brien said please
tell Rachel come to Ireland on her book
tour I'm not try I don't know I want to
go over to I don't know where I'm going
but they are blown away by the
pre-orders so thank you guys that's all
yeah go pre-order reaches book thank you
okay modern ecstasy said when someone
asks you question your answers 20
minutes and you do it like three times
and then you end your live stream girl
oh my god Queens bitch said Corinne
Rachel are done with your Hawaii
drama is awaiting actually where's Corey
I think he might change into swimsuit
when he comes back we'll go to insult if
said sis you forgot about Miranda Monday
this week oh that's right okay I okay
that confused me sir
no I didn't what everyone was saying
clean you forgot to post Miranda Monday
this week and I didn't know I was like
I know I posted a Miranda video because
I posted a Miranda video on Monday but
they're talking about every Monday I was
posting behind-the-scenes videos Oh
random Monday and so everyone something
like you forgot my into Monday and I was
like no I did it and I posted her
Miranda video um but you thought right I
did not post some random Monday but I do
have one for this coming Monday um maybe
I'll post what's today or I have a video
I'm posting day hmm
cuz I do feel that was unattractive what
I love me so is that a bra it's a
bathing suit number water running you're
watching them overall no for it do you
want us to recreate this or their
understanding I can do that back so just
Jenna XO said recreate this or am
understanding there are so many amazing
Hawaii yeah everyone is sending us old
pictures from when we were in Hawaii
you're inviting them to continue they're
so ugly and so gross and so horrifying
photos
Alex Whitsett if you go back on tour
please from the captain Gatlinburg
Tennessee oh I got one bar and I'll it
made a Twitter just for this live stream
oh god thanks Alex um Gatlinburg
Tennessee is like my favorite city in
the world so I would love to go back
best moment and why this is from kamila
137 PS we need you in South America girl
I would love to go to South America um
that's part of Hawaii so far it's been a
weird trip we're used to going to Hawaii
like in doing whatever we want
and this trip has not been that like
that it's like we have to do whatever
other people tell us to do so that's
gonna really
odd um but we're having fun I think the
most fun he's saying so many things
about playing anyway so this trip but
we're having blast and I think my
favorite part about this trip is hanging
out with John and Cory and Rachel yeah
doesn't mean are laughing so hard
John John is like not a real person
no my friend John Hawkins who you guys
all need to follow on snapchat is follow
him ever because he won a speedo he's on
speedo in my Instagram from yester that
I was like why is he like this we know
he is the funniest person in the world
and makes us laugh like hysterically
like every single day and yesterday I
can't I could pick anything he did or
said and it would make you guys laugh
but like um an example would be okay um
we we checked into a new hotel and we're
walking on the house is very big hotel
and there's like Hawaiian statues and
like Polynesian statues like there's all
these different like stems from like
different cultures surround ye and it's
like all stuff so they're and they're
large like big statues and he's just not
paying attention and hits it this is the
weird thing is like we're walking and I
didn't notice like wait what did he it
was a fish I bet she broke the thing off
so we just drop everything just keep
going just get something happen I heard
something and I didn't notice and kept
walking and then later down like crazy I
can't believe you broke a statue I don't
see what he's like oh yeah yeah like 30
feet back there I ran into a fish statue
I broke up the fence just keep going
it's - a statue like there's these
people taking a picture and Rachel's
like let's go around them and Jen was
like uh no we are walking through this
picture right out to the fishery trips
trips and we're walking away
all these pebbles like it's like rocks
and rocks and pebbles and heaters and
pebbles is shooting everywhere like
hitting everyone and killing anyone
not to mention yes he's okay I won't say
but I will say this cuz he you know he
posted this so I can say there's a
YouTube video
um I posted like two years ago maybe
here too and I talked about pooping in
public or pooping my pants or something
I told a story and I said it's not about
me even though you all thought it was
about me it wasn't I said I was a target
with my friend and my friend pooped all
over target and like are in all over
Rachel's car and I didn't say who it was
I was trying to respect his privacy but
it was John and the only reason I'm
telling knows because he posted the
video I was trying to be like I'm not
gonna say what let's say don't embarrass
him he posts the videos like when your
friend tells the story about when you
pooped and Target and John is the
funniest person anyway so um I love when
you can see in his face because he's
very just loud and he just says whatever
is on his mind and I love the look on
his face when you tell he's holding back
his like around children why are new
people I think he's so funny he's the
funniest so an every moment we're still
coffee on your breath that's right
every moment like in a way has been
wonderful like with my friends like
we're just laughing a lot corn not be
waiting for us Oh peach accidents you
know yeah let me go oh yeah now they're
definitely all sending us ugly white
pictures here I look so crusty you guys
are like screenshotting this eat
something it's me so once then I saw the
picture they did a side by side could
you tell yourself rusty to all the time
because they said just vlog with your
laptop again - oh I was
no underpants I know but with IBS the
guy yelled you my laptop around Hawaii
on the beach
well it's cuz we didn't have phones with
video cameras on me I didn't have video
cameras yeah oh my god okay so you guys
are all giving me shade yesterday
because I favorited some tweets that
y'all a sick bitch yeah okay so I what I
like I follow a lot of you I love
following people I'm also at 10,000 I'm
following and I love all you guys
bragging about all new followings I'm
shut up um I love following you guys and
I love going on my so I don't just look
at my ass like I don't look at my
mentions I look at like my actual
Twitter feed so if I follow you like I
will see what you're tweeting if it's
not even to me and sometimes I go
through my Twitter feed and I just like
go on a favoriting spree and I just
favored a bunch of things I also am very
a DD and will get distracted extremely
easily and like forget what I was doing
like I'm very absent-minded and I'm very
like I'm Michael like a squirrel I don't
know what to compare myself to I'm like
I'm just like a spaz so I'll be like oh
I'm gonna go on a favoriting spree and
then be like oh I want a pretzel and
like walk away like so so I was that's
what I was doing and I didn't I was so
confused yesterday all of you guys on
Twitter were Tom not all of you but a
bunch of big group of you we're making
fun of me and calling me like thick
bitch and like yeah I thought you I got
defensive at one point didn't know what
it was yeah I was like why are they
seeing that that's so rude like because
especially since like okay so I'm a very
thin girl like I'm very skinny and I
especially in the last year I've gotten
very skinny stress and sadness will make
you not eat so I've gotten really thin
and thinner than I have been in the past
but in the last couple of weeks I've
been eating a lot more because I'm
really happy
I know that well I know I'm not saying I
know I know I know I'm not I'm skinny
and um this is not me bragging by the
way I'm just naturally like I'm a tiny
person so um anyway I was favoriting
tweets and I sucked like I just randomly
favoring a bunch of stuff and I
favorited this one it's something about
being a thick bitch or something I don't
even know what it said I was just glad
your favoriting stuff and I favorited it
and then I got distracted and like what
did something else the last thing you
figured it yeah everyone's like why did
you favorite this but I didn't see that
- all I saw was I'm Twitter everyone's
like girl you look I'm sick and like
sending me pictures of me in Hawaii and
I was like oh my god I gained like I
know I've been eating a lot I didn't
realize how pictures of like when John
was holding me like I did my bathing
suit and like my leg and butt looks like
kind of thicker and I was like seriously
like I was so confused and I was like
that's so I like are they joking - I see
something up Nick and I'm making fun of
me like I could not figure out why you
guys were amazing bitch um I didn't know
you were because I saw it and was
confused I tweet I did and I was like
what is this Nina is this anything I
don't get it either way
Rachel's at DMing Queen and if you
follow her she like she thought she
literal day long she's DMing people but
she's just as like friends with all of
you guys like Silurian I agree um anyway
where's Corey you say okay well we're
gonna go the pool also okay so
originally I said I might do this um
just last-minute thing I'm doing a
fundraiser for childhood cancer for my
birthday so don't send me presents if
you're coming shows don't bring you
presents I don't presents I want money
and donated to childhood cancer so I'm
gonna have a I did it last year and
originally I thought about doing the
livestream the day after Thanksgiving on
Black Friday but now I'm changing it I'm
gonna do it on the weekend
so that everyone can I don't know what
you guys are plants usually people are
busy on Black Friday stuff so um Sunday
after Thanksgiving I don't remember what
that exact day is but that will be the
day on my main channel that I'm doing a
livestream to raise money for childhood
cancer if you do are not from Mac and
you don't know what Thanksgiving Day is
oh thank you so in 27th November 27
November 27 yeah so that's gonna be the
day um I'm gonna post a video explaining
more in detail what its gonna be um
probably on my birthday next week
explaining what my plan is and how you
guys can help raise money for childhood
cancer and this year I'm excited because
I'm gonna try to like I sent last year I
sent all the money to st. Jude's you
guys raised like twenty four thousand or
something like that and then I donated I
doubled what we raised and so we gave
over 40 grand to st. Jude's together and
it was like the proudest thing I've ever
done so I'm hoping that we can raise
much money again and give money the st.
Jude's or maybe there's some specific
people who might need help but that's my
plan so yeah hey thanks for hanging out
with me I'm gonna go to the beach or the
pool or something and I love you guys
have a great day bye
