hey guys so um I look so tired I'm in
Hawaii I haven't posted a vlog in a few
days it feels really weird I got so used
to posting vlogs every single day but I
have been vlogging every single day I
just am not posting it so I thought I
would just upload this really quickly
and say hey guys and I miss you and I'm
just singing a little Christmas song
because I'm excited for Christmas I'm
having so much fun in Hawaii I can't
wait for you guys to see the full long
vlog it's going to be like 30 minutes
hopefully that'll go up next week but
starting Sunday I will be vlogging every
day again on this channel but until then
I thought it'd be fun to just upload a
little one taker so that's when I'm on a
date
gotta put on my glasses for this one
girl Oh crusty today girl you better
come through that fat girl
love you guys and I will see you very
very very soon
I am super bummed that I'm not posting
every day it sucks but I love you and I
miss you and yeah that's all good bye
