it's Maureen I'm Aiman and poop oh man
dude those days where I I just put
eyeliner on top of the eyelash glue that
was leftover from last night so that's
the kind of day I'm gonna have okay so
I'm really happy to be home it was so
nice to wake up and cuddle with Gus Gus
I am so behind on work so today I have a
lot of work to do I have my vlog from
two days ago to edit that my vlog from
yesterday to edit then I have to film
for videos for cooling the clean channel
for videos for the Miranda Channel and
edit those get them ready and packed for
Hawaii because I leave tomorrow morning
at like 7:00 a.m. so I have a lot to do
and I have therapy in an hour so okay
princess ice age come here can you see
come here Elsa Elsa don't freeze my
house Elsa there you go he's gonna fall
oh my god okay so I am home I got there
appiah was great and weird but um I'm
trying to get work done and I need to
upload of Miranda video it's 2 p.m.
usually upload by noon and I can't
because my YouTube channel has been
restricted because of copyright reasons
and I was like wait what what is going
on so I like clicked on it to like see
what's going on I have to go to
copyright school right now on my
computer because my shake it off Taylor
Swift video I did years ago apparently
Taylor Swift's people are now like
coming after me I don't really know but
now I'm like freaking out that my
channel is suspended my Miranda sings
channel like this is horrible
so I am like freaking out right now and
I have to go to copyright school in
order to upload a video I'm what is
happening oh man okay so um I got my
YouTube channel to work what the heck is
going on yeah the living I'm going to
Hawaii tomorrow he wasn't going for
quite a meal with tag so I don't know if
you guys are up to date on this but um
I'm a vlog a post yesterday I mentioned
I'm going to Hawaii I'm going tomorrow
and I will be vlogging every single day
while I'm there but I'm not going to be
posting the vlogs every day when I get
home
Hawaii I'm going to post one long vlog
of the whole trip there so you for a
week you're not going to be seeing my
daily life but I'll probably live stream
on there or do like one takes or upload
but I don't show you what I'm doing that
day because I have to wait to show you
later for reasons because I'm going for
work anyway I need to poop I'm gonna go
this is my life I'm an adult woman and
this is my life
whatup get home alright so I just
finished filming about the videos and
now I need to clean up my house because
it is a disaster so I'm going to clean
up and and I'm going to pack and then
I'm going to edit and yeah there's a lot
going on I leave at 7 a.m. for Hawaii oh
my god I cannot believe I'm going to
Hawaii tomorrow how random how random
what is my like it's a very exciting
life it's a wonderful life I'm not
complaining I'm just saying it's so
random that I'm going to Y all right so
I gotta clean up my stuff um see you
later
let's clean up my house
you're high you guys later on a school
day has been flying in our Monday I
might cry my livestream I remember to
once they expect my log of Y is the
other next week gravity again later
ha ha
Oh
