Emily forgot to forget
am I still drunk hello I look like this
today John Jonathan Jonathan is mining
today
I'm going to a wedding Angela Kinsey the
woman plays my mother on hitters back
off is getting married and I'm so
excited to go so Francesca is my date um
I just landed I woke up at 4:00 a.m.
which was actually 1 a.m. well actually
I woke up at like 5:00 a.m. I'll
supposed to be on the bus at 5:00 and I
woke up at 5:00 and there was like a bus
full of people waiting I mean it was
really embarrassing so woke up at 5
which is 2 a.m. this time got on a plane
just landed it's like noon and I need to
make this face look like a normal person
face and go to a wedding so next time I
see you I should be all dolled up look
who I'm with Franny pants we're on our
way to Angela's wedding I don't know if
I'm gonna be able to film anything while
I'm there like I feel like that's kind
of weird right I every time I film with
you or take pictures of you I'm
surprised at how much we look alike
because I feel like when I Miranda we
don't look like sisters no but when I
mean we totally look like sisters and
Emily do not actually look related no at
all looks like she was like pulled out
of a jar yeah feels like she came from
the hospital but not from Bethany yeah
now Anthony and Jim stole her no Angela
doesn't look anything like us no not
even a little bit putting in I don't
know we're going to Angela's wedding now
I'm very excited so anyway um
you mean carsick sorry I'm thinking
hotties Karthik alright we're gonna go
this way
because we just can't handle all this
love and we just need you just need to
feel loved so we're gonna we're gonna
get married
so our wedding is all invited 21 or over
to get in suite and so one of the most
Josh associated wonder bother by Josh
song for
yeah
sometimes you get a little drunk at a
wedding and you forgot to forgot forget
am I still drunk forget to finish
vlogging I had so much fun at Angela's
wedding yesterday I'm so excited for
Angela and Josh congratulations you guys
the wedding was beautiful it's so
frigging much fun it was amazing
um yeah I was so tired I flew in from
Connecticut blew landed got to my house
put on makeup did my hair and went to
the wedding didn't eat really so when I
started drinking I was going on no sleep
after a week of touring with no food in
my stomach so I had a one Moscow Mule
and one glass of wine maybe no two
glasses of wine and I was a stud but I
had so much fun mmm anyway today um I'm
getting ready to go to Hawaii so I love
you guys and I will see you tomorrow
Oh
Oh
