girl you like this tote oh I'm getting
ready for the day and I'm watching
Trisha Paytas because I watch her every
issue whatsoever um anyway I eat oh my
god
I used to do something called bathroom
banter I don't know if y'all been
watching me long enough you might
remember that I it's when I just like
would get ready in the bathroom and talk
to y'all and I felt like doing that
today
because I feel like my vlogging has been
kind of weird since I've been on tour
tour has been really really really
really fun so if you guys don't want to
watch me to sit and get ready for the
day and talk about nothing then maybe
fast-forward or click on another video
because I'm about the bills I'll sit and
talk to y'all so yeah I've been having
so much fun on tour like I I feel like
every time I'm going to I do this every
single time I go on tour I'm like
exciting and I'm nervous to go and then
I go in I'm like oh my god I forgot how
much I loved this and how this is like
my effing dream job but this is like
everything I need me don't leave my life
I feel really lucky that I have like
just the coolest job when I obviously
love YouTube you guys know you love
YouTube end up being on the Internet
I think my favorite part of my job it's
definitely touring I mean I I love the
Netflix show and making the Netflix show
was so wonderful and a dream come true
and was an emotional crazy dream
experience for me but there's nothing
like being on stage and getting to tour
around the world and meet you guys and
hang out with my crew and like I don't
know it's just it's so much fun and this
tour oh my god my hair I look insane
anyway this tour is just been so much
fun to have like Francesca and Eric come
because they're two people that I've
been really close to this year and I
haven't you know this is a part of my
life that I haven't been able to share
with them because they're they're not
YouTube people they're not touring
people they're TV and movie people then
it's been super super super fun I love
we have one more show today in
Connecticut and I'm really sad that it's
done and I have to go home
speaking of bathroom banter which is
something I started in Hawaii
I'm going back to Hawaii it's kind of a
last-minute weird decision I'm going out
there for work but I'm excited to go
because my whole family is gonna be
there
so it's gonna be super fun I'm gonna be
there for a week however I cannot be
posting vlogs every day while I'm there
so what I'm gonna I'm sort of like
everyday I promise to vlog every day so
I'm going to vlog every day but I'm not
gonna post every single day I'm gonna
post one big long vlog while I'm there
or when I'm done like once I leave about
the whole entire trip so you'll see my
daily life you'll see me every single
day but it just won't be daily on the
line does that make sense
so like you know I would be vlogging
every single day you just won't see it
until the end of the week and then
they'll be like one long like 30 minute
vlog at the end of the week so I leave
for Hawaii I think on Tuesday we're just
going to the Big Island but it is gonna
be really really fun I'm going with
Korey and John and Rachel and
Christopher and Jessica and the kids so
it's a really really fun group of people
and it's gonna be a blast I desperately
wish I could vlog every day and post it
online but I cannot so I'm gonna have to
just wait and and I think it's cuz the
stuff that we're doing like it's not
allowed to be revealed or I don't even
really understand why but I was like I'm
vlogging everyday right now so I can't
like just not vlog well film every day
and then just post it later so that's
what we do anyway I need to get ready to
go because we're all meeting at the van
in a second and I'm just gonna look like
a totodile you like this so I'm doing
okay I was guys yeah I just wanted to a
little fun bathroom banter and tell you
guys about why next week
yeah what my life is
things are good I'm happy I'm good I
have great family have great friends I
have a great job I feel really lucky
that this is what I get to do and um
life is really short so I don't want to
spend it super sad I want to spend it
happy and doing what I love and I feel
like I'm doing that so yeah anyway I'll
see you guys in a minute
well in one second for you but for me
it'll be like probably a little bit like
voted like the number one best pizza in
the universe okay
two large pizzas not knowing that they
were those biggest pizzas and all of the
universe so you get crisps game
excellent so we can see like this one is
mashed potatoes and Phoebe and this one
is cheese and this one is vegan what up
y'all we're at the theater and
Connecticut carving to smell suckin up D
um Reza's Theatre in Connecticut's and
I'm so sad it's our last one I've been
having so much fun I love tour so much
but I want to say thank you to Tony who
has sent me flowers every single night
on this tour which is so sweet thank you
Tony and that's you've warmed my heart
that's the sweetest little thing in the
whole world so thank you
very very nice anyway we're about to do
sound check and then the show and
I'm very excited it's gonna be fun and I
don't want to go home but I have to go
home tomorrow morning sounds great
I think we should do you think of me one
more time this era keeps messing it up
so no do you want to go
hey I'm at the meet greet and look
what's your name - Alyssa Alyssa here
has the Netflix show but also has a
tattoo happiness is very happy mind is
exploding don't my god that's nuts
so it's cool anyway guys it's my blog
what's your name Emma Emma here are you
hello Emma how old are you I am ten ten
years old that's a good year double
digits you're getting into it say hi
guys we're almost done look we're at the
end of the line hi guys we're almost
done oh my gosh that is incredible that
is so amazing I barely barely logged
yesterday I was just trying to enjoy my
time but I want to say last night was so
fun it was my favorite show but I did
this I mean I loved all the shows
obviously but my personal performance I
felt like was best last night in
Connecticut and I got to see Camille I
love so much Camille I met on summer
camp last tour and she is incredible
she's a cancer survivor but when I met
her she was still dealing with the
booger that is cancer and I'm so she
came to the show last night was so so so
good to see her I love her so much and
she brought her for Natalie who is
amazing and beautiful and perfect and a
hero and she is struggling with cancer
now or fighting it but we're gonna beat
it he's just so inspirational and
amazing so I'm gonna put her GoFundMe
account
below so you guys can go donate to her
and her fight against this stupid poo
head that is cancer and also reminder
that I am doing cancer childhood cancer
fundraiser thingy for childhood cancer I
think I'm gonna do it the day after
Thanksgiving I'm not gonna be a live
stream like I did last year I'm just
gonna give away a bunch of stuff if you
donate if you donate $1 if you don't
dollars you're entered too when it's
stuff like just stuff and every single
penny of it is gonna go to childhood
cancer and to families who are dealing
with cancer with a child so yeah I'm
really really excited about that and
yeah I had so much fun this week I'm
happy to be home but I'm sad that tours
over cuz I had a blast anyway okay I'm
in this vlog now goodbye
