hello this is working eminent popcorn is
anybody here ever gonna live show in a
really long time um but I felt like
doing when today cuz I need to wrap
Christmas presents I thought I could
wrap Christmas presents and hang out
with y'all
so let's is a hashtag let's get that out
of the way let's do um hash tag mmm
cleans Christmas party and then when
people click - tag the bed do a party
I'm gonna click my live street and be
like oh it's a it's a woman eating
popcorn alone I'll pray for her um yeah
it seems like everyone's ready for it
they're already asking for a hash tag
see how cleans Christmas prayer you
let's do that yeah and I should tree it
huh
I'll tweet it but I need the link can
someone please tweet me the link lazy
how do I find the link I don't know how
to fight on my phone unless I like send
it to myself well fine I'll do it
um okay no I'm gonna wait for one of you
guys to tweet you link I'll retweet
someone who tweets it um okay so hi guys
I have so much wrapping to do I don't
want to do it haha
thank you for treating it retweet
retweet
I'm retweeting y'all okay so hey guys
let's let's get started any questions
you have my live stream in a really long
time um once we talk about nothing's
off-limits
I mean popcorn for dinner
anisette because I'm packing delete for
Christmas alone and watching you wrap
presents and eat popcorn alone we are so
cool oh my gosh it's 2:00 a.m. in
Germany you're awake watching this Thank
You Lina Ethan said you look so
beautiful
sending you love from one cast member to
another a cast member do a good Disney
um you're down I love it I do exactly
what you went um anyway thanks for
saying I look beautiful I was just
crying so I don't feel beautiful I
literally was just crying I was editing
a video um I was just so beautiful in it
it made me cry no just kidding obviously
no I was editing a video that like was
emotional to film for me like I was like
a crazy person crying in the video it's
like I don't even know if I want to post
it because it's like dramatic um
I'm never sad when she screams tell me
I'm too dramatic but even when I was
editing it I was crying that's because
it's like what it's a topic like what I
talked about is a topic that's really
emotional for me and weird and hard to
explain but um you know like if
something traumatic happens to you in
your life or in your past and like just
any time you talk about it it makes you
cry like any time I talk about my
grandpa and he passed away any time I
talk about him for longer than five
minutes like I started stopping so it's
like a topic like that so anyway Lizzy
said Kevin
Apryl can't wait to meet you I can't
believe you two how exciting um I'm
really excited for next year cuz I'm
gonna do a lot of touring I think I'm
gonna do a couple bus tours thanks some
round
I love bus tours so I'll get to go to a
ton of different cities a lot of people
are asking about the secret projects
I've got going on hey guys you wanna
come join come on in um the secret
projects I have you'll know really soon
I think probably January um there's not
like I have one project I'm working
about that's like not out in the open
yet and then the other stuff is like
stuff I can talk to you guys about
because there's no one else attached to
it yeah it's like I'm writing new things
like I'm writing a movie and I'm writing
um a TV show um but that doesn't mean
anything like literally everyone in
Hollywood is writing TV's and movies and
it never actually happened so the fact
that haters back off even happened at
all to me is like literally impossible I
won the lottery
so yeah I am writing um a movie right
now Christopher and I'm really excited
about it hope we can make it happen
we'll see oh but you know when you eat
too much butter popcorn your tongue
starts to feel like it's going numb
that's where I'm at right now
that's her Mac Hayley said me and two
month old Alexis are watching what app
kids look so cute um yours having
questions because um I couldn't wrap
present so I'm answering questions hmm
yeah Alyssa's all on movie and a TV show
oh my god literally that means nothing
like I'm not kidding if you go up to
anyone in Los Angeles they'll be like
hey I'm writing a TV show oh yeah I'm
writing moogly right now it doesn't mean
anything like I don't have anyone
attached to it there's no producers
there's no network like no one wants to
be a part of it
so I have to write it first and that
takes a really long time and then once
it's written that I can go and see if
anyone wants to make it so definitely
mean anything it just means I'm writing
like everyone's writing in LA there's
not that exciting um hmm let's see I got
to try to eat my popcorn speaking freaky
said are you coming back to Europe next
year maybe some new countries I would
love to
I hope so there's no plan yet but
hopefully miss Jacko said what's the
hashtag it's Colleen's Christmas party
Makayla said what did you get Rachel hmm
I wonder if I have a present for her
good I'm trying to show you my cute
little kitty isn't she
there's never been a cuter cat on the
planet other than gasps let's see if she
likes popcorn you want some popcorn
popcorn you want it no not interested
she doesn't like it shouldn't eat
processed foods okay what did I get
Rachel let's see if there's any presents
here I can show you guys but you have to
promise you won't tweet them to people
um happen I'll show you but you can't
tweet it to him okay hold on
do not tweet it okay you ready
I got a present for Eric Stockland you
can he doesn't watch my life she doesn't
watch my videos so I feel safe putting
here but if y'all tweet him this I won't
be a pissed okay I got him a triceratops
puzzle because he's always seeing my
dress effects I got him a couple dresses
parkings this little dinosaur a t-rex oh
my god
there's the other one and I got this
dinosaur egg that you get into and you
get a dinosaur the back of it that's
very excited but I couldn't find a
pterodactyl that's what I really want to
know is it carry exactly so that's I
just you guys cannot tweet him that
don't please do not spoil it for me I'm
really excited um okay you guys are
laughing at the present oh my god what a
deep question Yassine Mahalo so what do
you think about the u.s. education
system do not get me started on the u.s.
education system I actually you know
what I can't really say too much because
I'm not in school now I was only in
school and every state is different too
so I grew up in California and what I
experienced might be very different from
whatever y'all are experiencing right
now or what you experienced in wherever
you grew up but where I grew up I have a
lot of issues with what is taught in
school because I don't think the right
things are being taught to kids to teach
people to survive like I think it's
important to know history it's obviously
important to know English I think it's
really important to learn another
language those things are all great math
I think the basics of math are important
but trigonometry and you know that type
of stuff like I don't understand why
kids have to learn that um I think
that's really a huge waste of time
because I wish I had learned about the
economy I wish I'd learned about
politics I wish I had learned about
health care I wish I had learned about
investing money saving money I wish I
had learned about owning a business
starting a business
I wish to learn communication skills and
and then some of the things like cooking
and I wish I'd learn about organization
like things that you actually use every
single day as an adult things you need
to know as an adult they don't teach you
in school and I think that is insane
like why are we learning like these
crazy theories and theorems in like
equations and spending years learning
finding y and X in on a graph and not
about taxes like why are we not teaching
students how to survive and save money
and and be able to buy a house for their
family and like save money for their
kids to go to college like I wish people
had taught me that in school and I think
it's like such a waste that I spent so
many years learning how to do random
math problems and biology formulas um
like what a waste so I think math is
important by the way crossing math isn't
important especially there's a lot of
mathematicians who we need in order to
make you know that we need those people
in the world to but obviously but I'm
just saying like for everyone to have to
learn the amount of math that I had to
learn like I had math every single year
and it got to a point I was like I will
never use this again and I haven't I've
been out of school for a very long time
and I've never used math other than like
adding and subtracting and
multiplication and percentages like
those are the things you use so that's
my teeth and I also think they should
require you to do some sort of arts and
creative thing in school whether that's
painting or drawing or singing or
dancing or loose anything like that to
like because I think using the creative
side of your brain is just as important
as using the like educational side of
your brain like I think it's really
important to be creative and in whatever
cuts like whatever capacity that means
like for you whatever you like but I
think that's important to enough go to
you okay um oh okay question DIMMs Rice
Krispie said would you say therapy is
working and we're spending the money yes
I love therapy um I think there's a
really terrible stigma with therapy like
it people say if you go to therapy
you're insane
or crazy and that is so offensive um to
me how I look at it is you go to the
doctor for a checkup
right like for your body so you go to
the doctor to make sure your muscles and
your bones and your and the dentist for
your teeth and you always are checking
up your body but the brain is part of
your body I think is just as important
to check up have checkups on your brain
and make sure you're okay mentally in
your heart and make sure you're doing
okay and I actually had a negative idea
of therapy until I started going and
then now I love it and um I think it's
really great I've learned a lot of
wonderful wonderful things in therapy um
like okay I'll give you I'll give you a
little bit of advice here I learned like
every time I go I learned something new
and I love it um helps me to stay
positive and happy and healthy and um
selfless and like have intothe for
others and I think it's out there he's
amazing um try this okay if you've ever
been in a fight with anybody um a
boyfriend a girlfriend a mom a dad a
sibling a friend if you've ever been in
a fight with anybody essentially what a
fight boils down to with someone you
love is both parties aren't feeling
understood okay so I want you guys to
try something for me um mine was in
therapy and I loved it so most the time
fights are like I don't feel understood
I want you to understand me and then
other prisons like we don't understand
me and this is what I want you to
understand I want this you know just
goes it gets out here but if you try to
make sure the person feels understood
that you're fighting with or having a
disagreement with then they're gonna be
more willing to listen what you have to
say so for example like if someone's
upset about something and they tell you
what they're upset about you say okay
let me make sure I understand and you
repeat back to them what um was
upsetting them what's upsetting them or
whatever make sure you get it right make
sure that you fully understood what was
upsetting them and then um you say did I
get that right and make sure they feel
fully understood and once the person
feel
fully understood and their feelings are
heard then they'll be then you can say
okay now can I tell you how I feel and
then you can explain how you feel I'm
not gonna be totally open to hearing
what you have to say because they feel
understood
most the time fights are just because
both parties someone in the party
doesn't feel understood by the other
person and they want to feel respected
and their feelings want to be heard so
that's something that has helped me so
much in like my family relationships my
friendships making sure before you say
wool let me tell you how I feel before
you get into that you go well let make
sure I understand how you feel
and then once they explained you
explained make sure they feel understood
and then you empathize and be like that
must have been really hard for you to
feel that way bla bla bla bla bla put
your self-pride away make sure the other
person feels fully understood and heard
and then they're gonna want to hear what
you have to say um I I think that works
wonders so yes I am
therapy with : Ballon d'Or um but try it
next time you getting a tip with
something I'm saying like well you did
this I'm not lying fighting with them
just been like let me make sure I
understand why you're upset and repeat
it back be really like thoughtful and
pathetic with their thoughts and
feelings and then they're totally gonna
want to hear you out and you won't fight
it's amazing come on and then also like
oh man there's so many things I've
learned in therapy I think totally worth
the money I think it's fully worth the
time if you find a good therapist it's
hard to find a good therapist um
there's there's so many wonderful things
I've learned I could literally talk
about this for like hours like tell you
all these wonderful tips and tricks I've
learned on how I communicate with people
and be comfortable and not and fine be
positive and like another thing that a
lot of people do is they can't seperate
situations so like well this person
treated me this way so now I'm going to
hurt this person because you know like
when you people get blamed for other
people's actions and separating your
feelings and emotions it's more like a
waffle and you're separating your
feelings looks like you pour the syrup
oh my goodness my cat is stepping on
things pushing things over like if your
brain is like spaghetti and you're
mushing all the feelings together you
want it like a waffle and you pour the
syrup on the waffle and the waffle like
syrup holds in each little pocket you
square and can separate your feelings
from different people so that you're not
taking something out on this person that
person did anyway it's the whole thing
it's really great I love therapy highly
recommend don't feel ashamed if you go
be loud and proud about it like I talked
about all the time because I think it
should be more normalized I see nothing
wrong with going to a doctor for your
brain and your heart when people go the
doctor for their freaking teeth or their
bones or their shoulders or their
whatever else um okay um Arianna said
whenever you have an issue who is always
someone you can talk to Cory my best
friend Rachel my sister mm my family I
love talking my family my sister-in-law
just got I talk to a lot um my best
friend's like I'm pretty open I can head
and talk to anybody but most people I
always run to Cory I trust more than
anything in the world
Alex said thoughts on stocks chickens um
I like stocks I like investments I love
chickens my mom has a chicken next hmm
Lisa so thoughts on diets I think you're
great
um I think be healthy whatever that
means for you
um everyone is different every body is
different every person is different
every mind is different so whatever
works for you is what you should do and
if there's a diet that you have found
that works for your body and it's
healthy and you feel good that's awesome
for me as I eat a bowl of popcorn for
dinner I can't do diets like I'm really
bad at dieting um
I've never needed to diet for like
weight issues because I've never had an
issue with that like I have a really
really really fast metabolism um I've
had to go on diets for more protein did
they get at my muscles before but I've
never had to go on like a crazy diet to
like get smaller um but I I also like
I'm a type of person where I've tried to
kind of do sort of diet in the past and
my mind is so stubborn that if you tell
me I can't have something that I want it
more so even if it's myself I'm like
okay you can't have any sugar then my
mind goes well myself now I want a lot
of sugar and then I just crave them or
so I felt like a crazy person this live
stream is literally just like clone
leans a crazy person okay moving on Lee
said how are you so down to earth when
you have over a million subscribers and
a TV show mmm therapy no just kidding
I don't know I think I have a really
awesome family um I'm really great
friends who help to keep me um just me
and also it doesn't feel like a same
type of thing on YouTube for me
everyone's different but for me and my
experience on YouTube because I just
work from home and I get to know my
family I've never felt like famous like
I still like I've never had a date in my
life I'm like oh my god I'm famous like
I don't really have that I'm just kind
of like even want to meet you guys in
person when you guys come up to me like
at Target or and over I'm like okay like
it's like meeting a friend it doesn't
feel like a fan type of situation so I
don't know I don't think I'm like famous
so maybe that's why I sitting down
um I also met a person who doesn't like
care about superficial things like it's
just not my even if I did get like
SuperDuper famous somehow I can't
imagine ever being like needing like
plastic surgery not there's anything
wrong with that it's just not something
that's me um or like needing really
expensive clothes or um yeah like I
can't imagine like the only expensive
thing I own is my house and everything
like this sweater was like ten dollars
you know like I don't buy expensive
things um cuz I just don't care I don't
know how to be anything other than just
me um have you ever spent Christmas
without your family
this year my mom and I are going out of
town she likes to call it the Great
Escape that sounds really fun um I've
never done it without my family God be
really hard for me to do um my family
takes Christmas very seriously it's a
really big deal and we have a lot of
traditions that I run so like most of
our Christmas traditions or things that
I do and so if I wasn't here I feel like
a lot of the traditions would kind of
fall apart
um opposed to just be sad like I don't
want to be without my family I have such
a big family and they're my best friends
so like some people are like oh I have
to go home for the holidays or like oh
man I have to leave my family this
Christmas like I am the opposite I'm
like oh my god how can I spend more time
with my family um I love my family so I
can't imagine not being with him I'm
getting sick Oh too much popcorn
okay that's your else
Oh delicious about coke huh you guys I
said how's your present wrapping going
great apparently I'm a rep sing one um
so we just tweeted me the pictures I
have from last night of me and Gabby so
there's this one I can't see him there
it is
and then there's this one no she posted
which look at my eyeliner it is trash
and a half oh my god it looks so bad uh
uh-huh okay I'm so gross um I had like
two minutes to do all my makeup I know
it looks terrible anyway I'm gonna start
wrapping some presents now which means I
need to get some ha tada
kitty cats and doggies because I'm 12
apparently so yeah guys so you guys can
just ask questions on here I can just
chat about it why did I emphasize that
so strange I can chat about it while I'm
wrapping gifts no see what y'all are
saying
Laura said what happened to rode to
Miranda that's never coming out honey um
that's a documentary I made a couple
years ago it's too old at this point a
lot of things don't apply like in the
documentary I'm like getting ready to do
season one of haters back off and now
season but haters back off is over so it
doesn't make any sense
also there there are things in that that
I can't show like that I'm not allowed
to show not because of me like I wish I
could show you guys the whole
documentary but I just can't so that
sucks that we film that whole thing I
know it's gone forever I've gone into
the abyss but maybe I'll make a new
documentary hopefully I'll be fun yeah
Oh Elizabeth I thought my cat's pooped
it stinks
Elizabeth said you have any new year's
resolutions um I don't really like
resolutions because I feel like it's
just no one ever keeps them so like kind
of what's the point but I would like to
be a little bit more organized in
January um just in January of the year
just because I've been so overworked it
like my schedules it's been really like
I've been like keeping it tight schedule
this year thing call me ol Fatty's that
this is my Gus Gus will stink me in a
bad me stinky isn't cute she looks
pissed off he's so mad at me right now
but he doesn't say anything like got
Daisy like cries in meows when I do that
to her he just like sits there and
doesn't care oh okay where is the
scissors I need some skeezers I just had
some well they're missing okay let me
answer another question a while don't
poke holes and they're having paper
please this of course we're doing he's
gonna sit right on it right where I'm
about to wrap that's where he chooses
just said thanks that's helpful
I'm trying to find a question here do
you have any plans on bringing your
family to any of the 2018 shows of
course to do I always try to I'm here
I'm always trying to get my family to
come to all my shows so hopefully my
family will be at a bunch of the shows
on the bus tour but actually don't know
who's gonna come to what yet so we'll
have to wait and see
I'm gonna wrap a white elephant gift
ha I'm going to a white elephant so what
is something you've always wanted to do
but never had time to do I've always
wanted to see the Grand Canyon I saw it
when I was a really little girl and I
don't remember it um does it can you get
out there Apple do the please so I
really want to go some time again
because now I want to actually remember
it gustas being so weird right now he's
like he played ball which is so not like
him normally he's like the lace is
cotton well he's literally chasing my
scissors right now because I cut that's
your dad so meet you over there
go fetch he's keep sitting on the ramen
Weaver and is making it impossible for
me to rap guess you got a movie it's
been so hard to wrap presents cuz the
cats just sit on the wrapping paper it's
really annoying
Ernestina said i'm planning on going to
your show in Texas with VIP ticket how
wheelchair-accessible is it we will
always make our shows wheelchair
accessible I don't know what that
theater is like so I don't Gus she's
literally poking holes in the wrapping
paper I'm trying to use um I've never
been in that theater so I don't know how
real chair accessible that theater is
but I've met a lot of people and you'll
choose at my VIP we always like if they
don't have wheelchair ramps which I'm
pretty sure is illegal by the way now
I'm pretty sure every theater has to
have go to us but if they don't I always
just come down and like we'll meet you
down
you know not on the stage I'll meet you
wherever you are so yeah we'll make sure
it's accessible for you but I don't know
what theater that is so I don't know
what their situation is is they're
making screaming will said how do you
deal with family that hates you let's
ran out of tape um I hope that's not
true
first of all I hope you're joking um cuz
I'm sure your family doesn't hate you
I'm actually sure if you ask them hey do
you hate me they say no but
communication is key so I just say
communicate with them and tell them
what's upsetting you and like why it's
upsetting you and cat you get off see
communication um yeah that's that's what
I would say as I talk to them about it
but also like sometimes people just Gus
I swear to god you're being the worse
please I've never seen him act like this
like you see literally acting like a Z
so anyway
sometimes family members suck
and that's okay too like sometimes
people aren't worth the fight and that's
okay too but I'd say tries hard to try
everything you can and try to
communicate with them and see what's
wrong and see how they feel and what
they're going through and why they're
acting the way they do and then tell
them how you feel and hopefully they
understand and listen and if they don't
and they're just kind of like mean
people sometimes that's the situation I
have family members who don't like me
and who won't talk to me and you think
I'm a bad person so you know everyone
has that in their family and it's really
hard it's sad but the cool thing is that
you can make your own family so like you
can choose friends that you get along
with really well and like Cory's my
family Cory is like my closest family
member he's my best friend and like I
consider them family so yeah I'd say
like try to work it out with them and
then if that doesn't work and they're
just not very good people um that's okay
too and it's okay to like admit that and
let let that go and then make your own
family and make a new family but always
try like family is everything to me and
so it's very important to always try to
make things better and make things good
with them so do that
first try your hardest why am i Paris
today like a horrible therapist sweets
popcorn for dinner okay one present down
okay which ribbon brookey cookie would
you ever go vegan
maybe um my sister is a vegan and I
think vegans are really cool I tried to
be vegetarian once and my the way my
body is um one thing that people say a
lot to me when I need them in person
is your much tinier than you look online
which means first of all I guess I look
large on the Internet
but second of all like I'm I am really
tiny like I have a tiny body and a big
ol head but I have a tiny body and it's
because my metabolism is just absolutely
insane and way too fast and like you put
anything my body and Amelie comes out my
metabolism Psychopaths so because of
that like when I stopped eating meat my
body was I lost a lot of weight cuz I
didn't wasn't getting enough protein in
my cat I swear okay you guys have to see
what he's doing cuz it's insane
watch this okay watch me I'm just trying
to like see like won't let me do
anything this is insane Gus stop okay be
done guys he's gonna rip holes in the
box let go let go okay so anyway like I
was saying I lost somebody who played
when I stopped eating meat and my
doctors made me get back on meat because
my muscles were deteriorating and I was
getting really weak and sick and so I
had to get back on hey yeah Gus you
little just put a hole in it
stop this is what I have to deal with
y'all this is where I have to do it you
understand this is my life right now
this cat he's never like this like
usually he's just super lazy and just
sits and does nothing and right now he
wants to like eat my presence I can't
believe he's doing that he's literally
never like this this is so not like us I
don't know why he's acting I just you
know he's showing up because the cameras
on I think he missed you guys he missed
me doing live streams anyway I wasn't
talking about yeah so I have to eat meat
I know that their ivory tower my tell
people that they're like well there's
really protein heavy foods that you can
eat like tofu and beans of olive ah I
really did try hard to make it work and
I couldn't like I'm just I I couldn't
so maybe someday I'll try again but it
would be really really hard for me to be
vegan or vegetarian because I basically
just have to eat like protein shakes
every single day which I think tastes
like trash and also like like meat like
I don't know I don't love me I I don't
really care about meat that much I say
it's more dairy like I really like dairy
and I really enjoy eating food and my
sister's vegan and she says like you
know it's not that hard like in it and
she likes she feels much healthier she
feels great she really likes being vegan
um but she said that the worst part
about it is just that like food is
boring now like you don't look forward
to eating food like foods just like
kinda boring and for me right now like
eating food is like my favorite part of
the day so that would suck to like not
be excited about eating anymore um cuz
it's like I don't know anyway so I don't
know are you a vegan I feel like it's
very popular to be vegan right now like
a lot of people are vegan I do try to
eat really good meats like when I do eat
meat I try to eat like healthy meats
um that are better for men I'm not sure
because I literally ate McDonald's
yesterday so yeah where's my phone
where'd you put my phone when you
believe them okay next question
he's eating the bow I just made Shinae
Rhiannon said is there going to be a
third season of haters back off if you
say no I'll quiet literally die they
don't quite literally die um there's not
so please don't die it's not my decision
though honey I wish I could do another
season um Netflix did not pick it up for
a third season and I'm really sad about
it it's really really really horrible
and crappy and I'm really bummed but I
really grateful I got to do it at all
because was a total dream come true
so yeah we're not doing it third season
I wish we were trust me I really really
wish we were um but yeah that wasn't my
decision Hanny so don't get mad at me
because I didn't I don't say it wasn't
my decision
they're done white elephant done next we
have another question don't answer like
one or two more cuz I need to focus on a
Oh
Aoi bullying said I love you love you
too Rachel Wulff big said what's your
favorite time of day nighttime I'm a
night owl like I'm literally asleep and
a useless human until the Sun Goes Down
and then I'm like sick dying to play
like once the light goes away and it's
nighttime especially late at night like
midnight I like wake up like I'm ready
to play and hang out and talk and like
work and at it and like I love are you
what are you doing he's being so weird
right now I'm like living he's literally
playing with that huge chunk of paper I
threw over there you playing now he
doesn't play he doesn't play with me he
was to play alone see just cat I swear
to God hours of endless entertainment
with this guy
that's what's the best present you ever
gotten are given I don't know we give a
lot of weird presents in my family like
we give a lot of like kind of like funny
presents like we don't really go like
okay so my dad or my brother like okay
so my brother Trent um he loves like
Nintendo and Mario and stuff like that
so I got him these Super Mario brother
coasters I don't know much of other
stuff too but like we don't give like
crazy huge insane presents we give like
bunch of random little things like that
how my family rolls or like like my dad
is getting this because who doesn't want
to see my father put this thing on his
head and let me throw balls at his head
like dreams come true when you're an
adult and you can afford to buy true
things like this it was five dollars I
think that was ten yeah I get kind of
like I don't get like Big Mike Emma
doesn't really do like big crazy
presents we do like a bunch of small
little fun things
it's trying to find a good question
young no one's asking any questions
where is Daisy
I don't know Daisy Daisy probably
sleeping somewhere usually she's like
right next to me she's been really
needed today and has like not left my
side look at him just like right I love
my cats they're literally my best
friends this one's Daisy yes Larry got
to
oh okay you already got it
she literally swallowed at home aren't
they the cutest little kiddies I'm
obsessed with them okay hmm Daenerys
Targaryen blood
yeah it's Game of Thrones could you make
a season three of haters back off on
YouTube red I've seen a lot of people
asking that actually like why don't you
just make the show somewhere else why
don't you just do here's back off
anywhere else it's not how it works I
wish it was that's not how it works
there's a lot of legal stuff that's
boring and confusing but basically like
it's Netflix this show and I can't do it
anywhere else like it's done so yeah
I've seen a lot of people say that and
that's just not how it works with
Netflix so I can't do anywhere else it's
done deal so here's the deal
you guys can tell me who this is going
to okay so this one is for my dad okay
and it comes with two hats and three
squishy balls but I wanted my family to
kind of be able to play it with each
other
so I got another one I don't know give
this one - should I give to Rachel
should I give it to Corey should I give
it to Trent
those days she did to my mom who's the
second one for you guys tell me and that
is who I'll give it to okay yes you're
helping me out here day time you tell me
what the second present is for toy
parents ready to twist you long oh great
here comes Daisy to destroy their lies
and make this really difficult for me
easy
please let me do this without for
everything saying no she's gonna get
right on it
she's already on the paper sitting right
where I wanted to cut literally sitting
right where I need to cut life with cats
anyone really you are so annoying all
right guys I'm gonna look at my Twitter
now and hopefully you have told me who
this goes to now she's getting inside of
the wrapping paper oh my god
someone needs to make a youtube video
about trying to wrap presents around
cats this is literally my worst
nightmare so that's like when Andrea
would have been payin don't eat it Cory
Oh Rachel my mom it would be funny to
see my mom wearing it do you see it look
at her like how is really anything done
yeah I think my mom I think what's using
my mom okay Daisy I love you it was very
cute but stop it yeah you need to stop
it yeah more tape somewhere in the world
oh no it's missing dang it I ran out of
scotch tape this is a disaster the tape
got like undone
you know what years know when that
happens and it's like literally
impossible to find the end of the tape
hello
tape where are you oh my god I swear
it's from this around 16 times and
there's no tape ah okay I think I'm
gonna get it y'all I think we're gonna
be okay
oh no it's splitting is this
just the best livestream you've ever
watched getting is so interesting I
should not be answering a question right
now but I'm too interested in trying
make me take Jessica said how do you
stay positive and strong through hard
times
um I don't so when things are hard
sometimes things are just hard and
that's okay
so I think that's something that's
important to learn is that like
sometimes it's okay for things to not be
okay it's okay to be sad it's okay to
cry and it's okay to things for things
to suck sometimes but it's also
important to feel those feelings get
them out and then try to stay positive
so I think the best way to stay positive
quite honestly is to surround yourself
with positive people because if you're
around people who are negative and mean
and rude or bring you down or tell you
you're not good enough or you're not
worthy of a B and C then you're going to
start to believe it and it's gonna be
really hard to stay positive but if you
surround yourself people who are
encouraging and happy and supportive and
just you know good people then that's
gonna rub off on you so you really are
the company you keep so I think one of
the best things I've ever done in my
life is like just surround myself with
people who are supportive and happy and
kind because it helps for you to say how
it's being positive think I'm so it
things suck and things are sad yes feel
those feelings and emotions and be sad
guys I'm trying to do some therapy right
now and you'll be very distracting he's
literally trying to eat her butthole
right now but anyway surround yourself
with positive people and if there's
people in your life who are bringing it
down or mean cruel abusive in any way
like you got to get rid of them because
then you can move on and be happy and
and be positive I think for me that's
how I do it everyone's different though
kid this one's going to my mom you guys
said it no it's happening I hope she's
not watching this live stream you're my
mom now you know your presents I don't
know what to tell ya
today guys mm-hmm um why try ade Abner
say well you ever producer star in
another TV show or movie I sure hope so
I'm working on some stuff and I really
hope that happens I absolutely loved it
I never knew I was gonna love like
working on a TV show I didn't I had
never done of course I didn't know what
to expect um so I was really really
excited like that about trying it and I
was excited that I loved it so I'm
excited to do it again hopefully I get
to do it again very soon who knows
YouTube so weird right now I don't
really know like I don't understand
YouTube anymore I used to be able to
like oh this is trending this is what I
need to do this works this is what I
need to do and now it's just kind of
like there's no way to know if the
videos gonna do well or not like
literally a vlog today looks like not
even a good vlog it was like one of my
worst vlogs like I didn't spend enough
time editing it I like even uploaded it
before I was done editing it and then I
had like take it down and read it so was
it finished and then I reach up load it
like late last night and it's like this
crappy blog and it's trending today like
okay
there's like no science to the madness
like it makes like YouTube makes no
sense right now so I hope that I can
keep doing TV and movies and stuff so
that I I'll always do YouTube I love you
too but I I don't have to like worry
about like how YouTube makes no sense
anymore and it's really confusing and
scary to like have your job and your
income and your livelihood be honest on
a platform that's completely unreliable
or makes no sense so yeah I hope I get
to do other stuff and you know really my
job wrapping this president sorry dad
yeah oh my gosh guys so I thought
I got those dinosaurs for airing and I
have another present for him I won't
tell you so bad I like dying but I'm
like really nervous
one person will like Tom what it is I
can't tell you but you'll know later I'm
really excited I like I just hit that
like Maria back okay - yeah where's the
Sharpie huh just had it I'm a mess up
got it dad young we're getting things
done we're doing a good job Bose what
color belt should I put on this package
tweet me right now the first color I see
is what I will do St Longstocking said
green and I don't have any green boughs
let me see about clean bozo breathe give
me a second green what how do I run out
of green boughs I have alright so let's
see what the next option is red I can do
red Jaclyn said red alerts today why
don't you ever make videos with the
haters back off cast as Miranda Abner
said that um
well again there are rules and loss laws
but rules and legal things don't have to
do with haters back off and so I think I
could I I don't know I think I could I'm
technically not allowed to I found being
honest technically not allowed to um but
I'm sure like Netflix is really awesome
to work with like I really like working
with them
so I think maybe if I asked I could but
also it's like they're the people who
are on my show like the actors on my
show are actors they're not youtubers so
it's it's really it's it's a weird thing
it's hard to explain but basically like
if I was asking me youtuber to be on my
channel youtubers like yeah sure cool
fun for actors like this is what they do
for a living so actors are like oh is
this a contracted deal like is what is
they like they look at it like a TV
episode or something so there might be
like you know they might want to be paid
or there and our agents probably want to
be paid or which I could do but then
some of them some of the actors from the
show don't have much of an interest in
being on YouTube so there's a lot of
things that go into it but also like I
think the biggest thing is like
technically they're not supposed to be
on my youtube channel but also like I
said the YouTube is really other people
I worked with it you two are awesome and
I'm sure it's something where I could
like just call and be like hey can I put
them on my channel I'm sure they'd be
like yeah sure and it just it just be a
process whereas typically with YouTube
when I make youtube videos I'm like it's
casual like YouTube it is my job but I
like when it doesn't feel like my job I
like when it just feels like oh my
friends gonna come home we're gonna show
them together um so it would be weird
for me to have to go through like legal
stuff and go through agents and make
contracts also just to make a youtube
video I'm being really honest I probably
shouldn't even say all this but that's
the truth so um that's why
Yassin
did you like YouTube rewind 2017 I
didn't watch it yet um yeah I haven't
seen so I'm sure like I haven't said I
would like it if I watched it I love
YouTube rewind I always think it's
really awesome so I'm sure I'd love it
if I saw it so maybe I'll watch it
tonight
I watched it um I'm not in it I don't
think I was asked this year if I was
asked like if some you know I'm gonna be
as quiet as I can me right now because
I'm why do you guys do that like I
couldn't really scare no people not what
was I wasn't asked to mean YouTube
rewind this year if I was like if
someone ask my agents or something I
never heard about it um but yeah I love
YouTube rewind I only got to do it one
year last year they asked me to do it
and I couldn't I was too busy and I was
really sad cuz I love YouTube rewind I
haven't watched yet I really need to
watch it I'm sure is it just like a did
you guys like it tweet me and tell me if
you guys liked it it was it just like a
Jake and Logan Paul show I'm sure it was
like just like all about them I'm sure I
haven't seen it I have no idea I should
watch it um I just haven't yet
let's see mmm I mean you said watch it
live you guys want me to watch it right
now tell me if you want me to watch it
right now maybe I will when was last
time you pooped I cooked a few hours ago
thank you very much Jared said earlier
you said everyone in LA is writing a TV
short movie would you discourage others
from pursuing writing in Hollywood since
everyone does it and it's such a hard
market to get into no I would not
discourage anyone from doing that listen
I think what you're passionate about is
what you should do
point length the end it's as simple as
that you're passionate about writing and
you want to be a writer you should do it
like the end like I don't think you
should ever be discouraged from anything
that you're passionate about or that is
your dream just because a bunch of
people do it um I think if you're
passionate about something you need to
freaking try to make it work you need to
try to make it your job and you need to
try your hardest to make it your dreams
come true because what's the point of
life if you don't do that like I mean
come on so no I would never discourage
anyone from trying to do something just
because a lot of people do it yes there
are a lot of writers in Los Angeles um
and there's a lot of people here trying
to make it the ones who make it are the
ones who work really really hard have
talent sometimes but it's the people
make our really hard workers and
hustlers and they're really passionate
about what they do and they never give
up
and so yeah no way I would never
discourage anyone from trying to be a
writer and Hollywood I'd say go for it
and do it if it's what you're passionate
about and if it's what you love if you
don't love it you know actually love it
then don't let him do it
that's
um lot weeks just down
Lily elusive what was the most
challenging when making haters back off
um the most challenging I think this
schedule was most challenging just like
not getting sleep and yeah I think that
was the most challenging I think not
getting sleep and like the schedules
literally insane when you make a TV show
it's like you just don't sleep at all
it's really nuts so that was the hardest
part and then also um this season was
really hard because a lot of the
executive producers couldn't come to
Canada so I'd had to do a lot of the
work by myself and with my two show
runners and so um that was really hard
this season I feel like a lot of the
weight was put on my shoulders because
of the people couldn't be there and that
was really really hard on me um that was
hard and people are saying I should
react to it so maybe I'll do that and
then I'll good class a good guy
Natasha said well you lied she many more
episodes of season 2 probably not
um I live streams watching Netflix
season 1 with you guys on my channels
like I would do live streams until y'all
the behind-the-scenes secrets and stuff
I don't think I'll do it with season 2
it's still really emotional for me like
it's still really really hard for me
that the show is over so I think it just
made me sad like since the show got
canceled I haven't watched it I can't
even like turn on Netflix like it's like
I know I sound really dramatic um but
it's it's been really really hard for me
that's now that's over so I don't think
I can okay it's too hard right now maybe
maybe someday maybe in the future I'll
be like oh it'd be fun to go through and
like rewatch these and talk about the
behind-the-scenes secrets but right now
it's just too sensitive so I can't do
that um yeah
okay I'm gonna watch youtube rewind you
too I'm gonna put in my headphones so
you guys on seven minutes of course
Lilian Liza the Queen's of YouTube we
about 2017 I have to admit I'm probably
not gonna know anybody in this I'm
really bad at YouTube now like I make my
videos and I watch my friends that I've
always watched like I don't really know
who the new youtubers are so I probably
won't know any of these people oh that's
Matt I know him
wait was I supposed to like see those
like literally just now it was like
swiping around in a circle and like went
best past people so fast like I don't
feel like I ever would have known who
they were
anyway um fidget spinner of course who's
the guy who's no challenge is something
in 2017 that I didn't know about what's
this like really long who are the people
who are wearing the white shirts this is
something that I would be excited about
so there's everyone's got like jewels
all over their face in this part I don't
know who these people are but they've
jewels all over their face that's
something that jenna Marbles started so
I bet she's excited that like something
she created on YouTube she had a full
face of rhinestones something she
created as in YouTube rewind like that's
a really big deal that's super cool
Oh Casey nice that he's king of the
universe production Philip defranco's in
this like this is one thing I'll say I
think I think YouTube rewind is really
cool and I'm really happy they do it
every year and I think it's super super
awesome I wish I could have been in it
this year um I would love to have done
it um but I just don't I don't think I
was asked if I was I didn't ever found
out about it but I I think YouTube
rewind is awesome and it's like I think
it's awesome if they do something like
how much time it goes like whether you
like it or not whether you like YouTube
rewind or you don't so much time and
money goes into making it and trying to
figure out I saw like PewDiePie and
mentioned like there was like so there's
like over 2000 people with over a
million subscribers or something like
that which is crazy thing about um so
like the amount of people they actually
put into this thing like the amount of
time and effort it took to make this was
a lot
like okay I don't know what that means
the guy oh my gosh I don't know any of
the drama Jay Paul but I thought that
those twins that lived with him moved
out and there's a drama are they friends
again or they just film this really long
time ago
this must be team ten I don't know any
of the team tens I'm sorry um what was I
gonna say I don't remember I got
distracted by a oh guys like the head
thing like white head thing with like
the X's on the eyes what is that I feel
like I see that all the time but I don't
know what it's from is that from
something is that AB youtuber is that a
DJ what is he
Jake pause I hate this one what's gonna
happen yeah wow that's a really big deal
usually YouTube rewind it's like you get
like to be in it for a split second you
don't get to say anything or there's no
audio the fact that papi got like I'm
papi that's really big deal get it papi
you crush that blanket was planking from
this year I thought planking was like 2
years ago I just saw some thinking all
right guys looks like you're interrupted
there you're about to tell me about 2017
okay
okay so I thought it was I think it's
awesome that YouTube rewind that YouTube
does this every year I think it's super
cool and they spent a lot of time and
money in it
I'm confusional this one I feel like
usually with YouTube rewind all the
trends happened so fast throughout the
video that you're like oh I have to
watch a six more times to catch them all
this one I feel like was just slamming
fidgets finish the whole time am I crazy
like I feel like the whole video is just
slime and fidget spinners back back and
forth like it's a bunch of slime those
much budget fidget friends then slide
the fidgets spinners and just went did
that the whole time my crazy um but I
did think it was really quite a lot of
familiar faces I actually feel like I
knew like maybe half of the people in it
which is a big deal because I feel like
there was one year maybe was last year
maybe see you before I remember but
there's one year where like I literally
knew no one in the whole thing like they
were all like foreign youtubers which
they all had huge channels I just had
never heard of them and so this time I
feel like I knew maybe like half of them
so uh yeah I thought was good it was
fine I just wish they did more trends
than just fidget spinners and slime but
maybe I'm cuckoo pants crazy um yeah I
think it's super cool I think what a
cool project that they do every year
it's a cool tradition it's an awesome
way to get like one huge collab but like
every youtuber that's popular in one
video I think it's super awesome um yeah
all right I'm gonna go I need to finish
doing my wrappings but I love you guys
thanks for hanging out with me and I'll
probably delete the sweat ring because I
always tell my shoes josè next time bye
