yeah all right I'm with Corey and we are
watching since I look how pretty this
we're not in Brooklyn he's a liar
we are in Chelsea but look at this
beautiful sunset so pretty oh my god I'm
gonna try to do a time-lapse and it's
gonna fail miserably because I can't do
that but this is really pretty so cool
what we do here just go back back
Araki when joined us are gonna go have a
drink and hang out in the city we're
gonna try to find a piano bar but I
don't know if that's gonna happen we
found one that was musical theater that
wasn't good enough for mr. Stockland I
know oxygen I know we're trying to find
something fun to do if we have a day off
I usually don't have days off on tours
so this is like weird we don't really
know what to do with ourselves look who
joined the Klan hey Queens
yes glory said he wanted Italian food so
we're trying to find him with some
Italian food
they think they found the place but
you're gonna be super judgy because
you're Italian it's fine I mean I did
suggest we could go to my grandmother's
house but it's like a little bit chin up
that far I want to be able to walk there
and then like have some wine and no but
I'll let you know though okay I'll give
you my candid opinion yeah
hey guys I didn't finish out the wall
yesterday um I had so much fun no oh my
god let me throw my music so I can
actually talk I had so much fun last
night though oh my god so we found this
musical theater bar that I've been to a
couple times when I lived in New York
City but I just like kind of forgot
about I also I think was probably a lot
more shy back then and wouldn't have
like sung with everyone but last night
it was so so so much fun I can't even
tell you how much fun I had like to sing
musical theater songs with a bunch of
people it was I know it was just so cool
and then all these people kept coming up
to me who had seen the show and watched
my videos and we all just talked about
how like you know we're going through a
lot in America right now and it was just
so necessary for all of us everyone's
like yeah yesterday we were so sad but
today it just felt right to come and
just sing and have a good time and thank
you for making us laugh online and in
your Netflix show we needed to smile
with everything that's been going on
this week and it was just I don't know
it was just so great it was just great
and I am so happy
and um I don't know it was a great night
anyway we're driving to Brookville in
New York today to do a show I'm very
excited to get back onstage I just I
love my job I love you guys this is the
best and yeah alright this end of the
spot
