it's more enum please it's your birthday
birthday
tamam sip hi guys what did I say it's
the next day that means nothing to you
it's the next day for me but it's not
the next day for you wait I don't want
to I don't know what I'm saying
it's Corey's birthday Corey's birthday
so um we are just having some barbecue
for lunch and we're gonna go to the
theater any bar be done dance
so I barbecue so we just had some
barbecue and now we're going to go to
the theatre we have shown New York
tonight so if you meet great I could see
Franny and Eric but I got my mom all
right we're at the venue it scores
birthday look at all the balloons holy
poop okay so um we decided that we're
going to have Eric come out on stage as
Patrick and give me afros toes so we're
making pros to us right now so we got
these like butterfly foam things at
Walmart and this like weird X thing that
we're going to make it look like a
bubble Domus of popsicle sticks and
we're cutting out the shape of afros
toes and it'll it looks janky but it
looked good on stage and then we're
going to like hand them out to someone
in the audience because miranda is not
gonna eat that shoot
Oh lots of pros told to special to
Sparkle
queef quaff ones cuz other side for ugly
so this is the venue look how pretty it
is Newark New Jersey you know how to
have a theater girl we're about to do
centric I'm really nervous today like I
haven't done the show in so freaking
long like I feel like I don't know what
I'm doing um I don't know and it's also
the first time I've done a show since
the Netflix show came out not that that
makes a difference I don't know I just
feel nervous plus it's like a weird day
because I don't know I feel weird about
the election and all that I'm trying to
stay positive and happy in any way
alright soundcheck time
Oh
I just said the mean great it was so fun
we're about to the show in like 10
minutes I'm gonna go on stage I'm so
excited haven't done it in so long
ah actual mess
Sammy's here and Franny and Erica Hey
what oh my girl happy birthday to you
happy birthday to you happy birthday
dear Carly happy birthday together hold
you blah wait
oh don't post that yet
we finished the show was super fun
thanks for coming if you came and we
have a show in Long Island if you guys
are watching this that means it's
tomorrow for you but it's not tomorrow
for me
guess who's with us Christopher Robin
and a good time
Christopher Robin Sasa fine
Christopher Robin how does it feel to be
put your hands on the wheel I'm adding
all the comments all the cops give you
all you're not driving this Robert are
you happy to be back on tour I am happy
to be back on tour what if you said no
that me really awkward Suzanne Somers is
here though I'm very happy and they're
coming on the bus tour in January - so
it's gonna be fantastic site that was
such a fun show I had so much fun I love
being on stage like every time I get to
go back onto where I'm like the happiest
in the world and it was really cool to
have like Erick and Francesca there
because this is so not though their
world like they do you know TV and film
acting and they're so not part of the
YouTube world and I know Eric sent a
little bit of theater um I think he's
done a lot of theater like Shakespeare
stuff anyway it was just cool to have
them be a part of like this internet
world in my life because they're really
good friends of mine so to share this
part of my life with them was really
exciting and really cool so I don't know
it was a really fun day and um yeah
tomorrow we're just going to hang out in
the city and chill New York and then
we're going to do the show in Long
Island so if you're in Long Island or in
Connecticut please come see the show in
the next couple days I'm gonna go to bed
I'm really tired but I love you guys
analyses D'Amato go by Oh actually I
wanted to say one more thing so
yesterday I mentioned my vlog how I was
Porter of Hillary and Trump won and that
was like kind of hard for me to swallow
and now I'm at a point where um yes I am
able to admit and say that I did not
want Trump to when I don't really agree
with a lot of his beliefs um however I
also don't want to spread hate or
negativity like I want to spread
happiness I feel like the best thing to
do in a situation where you're not happy
with results or you're not happy with
how things are going the best way to
respond to that is
positive and fight for what's right but
in a but with love like I would never
encourage fighting anything with hate or
negativity or riots or anything like
that like I think what you know
regarding any situation we always should
just fight for what's right and be kind
and be loving and positive so that is
what I did I want to just say that
because I don't people to think that I
was like and trampled on i Pacey
like I was sad um and I am sad but I
also want to he's our president the end
that's the situation and he's gonna be a
president for four years so um that's
how it is and all I can do is be the
best version of myself that it can be
and spread positivity and happiness and
fight for what is right and stand out
for what is right and that's what I plan
on doing and um yeah and all I can do is
also is hope that he does a wonderful
job as president and surprises me and
everyone else who wanted Hillary to win
like I hope he surprises us all and is
wonderful and does wonderful things and
if he doesn't then that's when it's our
job to stand up for what's right and
fight for love and acceptance and um
yeah I don't know I don't know what I'm
saying I just want you guys know I don't
want any hate happening on the comments
or in life or the world um I just want
positivity and wonderfulness and yeah it
does just don't fight don't fight in the
comments yeah you probably will anyway
but I love you
