it's boring um please it's your birthday
birthday time step good morning good
morning I'm going on to word today I'm
so excited to go on tour we are leaving
in a little bit and I'm super super
super excited I love tour so I'm really
happy
however super bummed out because I've
been getting these shots in my shoulder
for my rotator cuff and they've been
working and my arm has been getting so
much better
and then today woke up and it's super
sore and I don't know what happened I'm
so sad cuz like I finally found
something that fixed my arm pain and I
don't know I maybe I slept on it weird
or like I've been playing ukulele too
much I don't know but I'm I'm really
really bummed out about that so that's
the mark but anyway let's go to the
airport you guys have been watching my
vlogs you know my mom gave me a whole
box full of presents one for each day
until my birthday my birthday's November
21st and I'm gonna be gone so she's
telling you have to open five presents
with only down to five days so here we
go I got little candles then ooh winter
so good oh my god spiced apple toddy
sounds like a traitor I'm Nicolas pantie
some scandalous panties big one is it
Kleenex
ahh oh my god this is my dream come true
where did you get a box is big of them
these I go through these like crazy
because I do Miranda every day so to
wipe it off and then put back on and I
wipe off my eye makeup and I've to put
back on like every single day so I go
through these like you would not believe
like I go through one pack of these like
probably every five days or five days to
a week I go to a whole pack and they're
like eight bucks each
it's expensive to be Miranda sings it's
midnight
and these elections are making me a very
severe anxiety we're in New York and I
need to find food this is really little
worst birthday ever
no is it already midnight it's like the
worst wait is it midnight Oh 10 more
minutes till Corey's birthday oh my god
yeah this is where it's hopefully Trump
doesn't want oh my god I know that I'm
like it's gonna be freaking out about
from I know we should not be even like I
shouldn't I know I shouldn't like this
work I should not talk about political
things on this channel because it upsets
people in that all the comments are just
about that but like I voted for Hillary
and it is because I don't think Trump is
fit to be our president he has made so
many racist homophobic sexist horrible
comments and I just don't agree with his
beliefs and anything about him so I'm
I'm just really scared and nervous and I
know I shouldn't say that cuz now all
that comes me oh one contacts online I
don't want that I want this channel to
be a happy fun place and now it's gonna
be all that but um yeah I need a break
so we're gonna go find some food Oh
stairs let's go down the stairs alright
I'm gonna find food
I'm very bummed out about this whole
thing okay it's Corey's birthday it's my
birthday it's gonna be a good day we
walked away from the TV's that were
telling us the Trump is winning because
it makes me want to cry to think about
the fact that there are that many people
who voted for a man who's openly sexist
homophobic racist so um we're just
walking around New Jersey for Corey's
birthday birthday birthday timestep it's
your birthday birthday time sips
happy birthday Corey send him some love
y'all
what's up bitches I did not vlog anymore
last night because I was very distraught
about things in history
so anyway
