please oh my god thank you I'm a spoiled
boy guessing any stuff it's the day
before I go on to her I've moved on to
her and so long I'm like kind of nervous
and excited anyway
Gabby's about to come over and but
something two crazy things happen to me
this morning that I have to tell you
about one um I thought I had makeup on
my hand to the dome one uh my cat when
is the bathroom I think this morning
walls being yes I know my cat follows me
everywhere um and he was like really
curious about the toilet and I was like
oh no this is bad but I kept swatting
him away and then I left and went and
did something else and then he jumped up
on my lap and he was wet and I was like
why is he wet was he playing in his
water cup bowl and then I went into the
bathroom again and there was water all
over the toilet seat which means my cat
jumped in the toilet and then jumped on
my lap so that's cool that's number one
story number two is um the girl who
plays eleven on stranger things tweeted
me the other day or she snapchatted that
she was watching my show and so then I
tweeted her and she tweeted me back so I
D I'm trying I was like oh my god text
me let's be friends so she started
texting me and this morning we facetimed
and I face time with her and the cast of
sweeter things and it was so cool I'm so
exciting and I was like oh my god I love
you guys you're the best so um hopefully
that can become like a real friendship
we all be friends and just like I don't
know I love them I think that show is
the best show ever the best show on
Netflix I mean I know I have a show on
Netflix and I'm very proud of my show
but I think stranger things is just
another level incredible so um yeah I am
a big fan that was very exciting
anyway um Gabby's gonna be here in a
second we're gonna film a bunch of
videos I'm very excited
we are obnoxious asshole I can turn my
little pumpkin so we're we're double
downing because we are busy people
Colleen as a busy people
you are Gabi's on my favorite human
beings on the planet I don't ever you
guys do know but I say I really do mean
a with you I love you I always am like
texting her about whenever you post a
video I'm like the first to watch and I
like snap I'm like son loved everyone on
their biggest fan though Sarah still am
but now you're my friend so I guess a
good fan huh yeah so we're about to
smell a bunch of videos it only has the
exact same footage yes if you want to
see this exact information but from
another angle
subscribe to get me squad and also
subscribe to go oh my god we are so
annoying
damn making Gabi sing with me because
you guys know all I do is in my life
every day is just played evil alien sing
not be my life soon and she has some
beautiful voice I never knew like heads
up because it might not be good with no
okay
I really do seem like silently to myself
no kids made
hahaha yeah the next time the next very
like doing other rhythm so sorry but no
you're crushing me making flower dad
will take the trip your father's kiss me
Melvin
there we go the milky twilight lead me
try not bad to make myself like me so
kiss me
so we are going to my friend Heather's
show tonight she has a show with a group
that she helped develop and create
called the Beverly bombshells but I
figured I'd opened my next gift with my
mom here oh my gir hey okay I got a box
my mom is in charge of my PA box and so
she brings all my stuff to me and I got
this box
dun dun it huh and it says you are
oh you are my sunshine Oh in John's back
guys my favorite little Johnny pants is
here
it's from Lexie beauty patootie see you
out in Alabama in January yeah my sake
Hannah thank you for my birthday box
look at all of this strap and a present
for Gus go that's for you Oh Matt mom's
oh my gosh thank you I've spoiled we are
gonna come back tonight John Boy for for
deskah tons of candy leave you time rub
a little on your feet before bed and
she'd put you right to sleep
thank you all right what is this oh it's
for my shoulder oh my god this is this
sauce sweet I cannot believe this when
it gets her to target oh my god like
spoiled rotten thank you so much Lacey
this was so nice yes yes oh my god like
this is Colleen and then he is backed up
oh my god a cat puzzle you know how I
love puzzles girl warning this book
might give you all the fields and
emotions for Colleen oh my gosh 110
reasons to lefland look at you have
beautiful handwriting oh my gosh oh my
gosh this is full oh my god you built it
oh these are all different notes from
different people oh my god I cannot
believe you oh my gosh I'm so impressed
with you it's Angela Thank You Angela
you can't really see it
this is Angela Thank You doll this is
amazing you're so so sweet
and I know I wear this jacket every day
stop judging me I'm vlogging every day I
only have so many outfits I can wear
before you all start streaming me or me
wearing the same thing okay so I'm at a
Heather show right now and what's crazy
is I've actually reformed here I didn't
know that this is the same venue I
performed it before but I performed way
over there in the corner like four years
ago five years ago with the Mariana
Ariane she took us out to the parking
lot and we're all on her car hey guys
listen to some music I'm dreamy and she
showed us her music for her first album
yeah
Oh
mine
Oh
Oh
and where they're doing the next show
and Heather's my best friend
whoa whoa she's my mom you so I have so
much you have to love editing to do and
packing and all these types of planes um
but uh what's happening but hmm did I'm
so proud of her she told me about this
idea like two years ago
and she quit like auditioning and doing
stuff that like you're supposed to do in
this industry and just was like I'm
gonna do it and she made it happen and
it was so great I'm so proud of her so
everyone please go follow the Beverly
bombshells on Instagram and Twitter and
yeah they're so so awesome I think I'm
gonna I might have them come to Vegas
with me into my Vegas show I don't know
but anyway um it was really fun I have
to go pack and edit like 400 videos
before we go on tour tomorrow oh my girl
ah okay that night right in my face
