it's more enum please secret the
scissoring hello beautiful people I have
an afro today I'm with my cousin
Stephanie she's visiting me today
because she's the best in the universe
and she wanted to come spin a day so
we're gonna get some lunch
and then we're gonna go to Michael's and
get some Christmas candles I don't think
I'm gonna decorate my house fully
because there's not even like furniture
in there so I feel stupid like putting
Christmas stuff in there but we have a
Christmas room at the house so maybe
that will suffice but we'll see I'm sure
I'll go into Michael's be like Christmas
and buy everything because that's very
typical me I could literally walk around
a craft store all day and be the
happiest person in the world I love
craft stores I've been in here for like
20 minutes already and I haven't even
like picked anything out I'm just
looking at everything and just so happy
that it's Christmassy I did a thing we
went a little crazy we are gonna
decorate my office to be ready for
Christmas because the house is too big
to decorate for Christmas there's no
furniture in it so we're going to
decorate my office for Christmas and
we're going to do like a white winter
wonderland and it's gonna be just pretty
and white sparkly and I'm very excited
it's later in the night and things have
progressed so we got stuff from my
office to decorate but then we went to
look in the garage for Christmas stuff
from years past to see if we could find
any other white sparkly things to put in
my office and we found all the boxes of
Christmas stuff so now we're decorating
downstairs and upstairs and it's just
like Christmas tackiness because our
house is big and we have like tacky
cheap Christmas decorations that like
looks really sparse and weird but my
office is coming along nicely it won't
be finished tomorrow because my rug is
missing it's hitting clean and we need a
few more things but I'm getting a box
Yeah right now I am organizing pictures
to put on the wall over here but this is
how it's looking so far so cute but I
don't want to show you too much because
I want you to be surprised maybe the
full reveal I'm so excited I think it's
me really cute so I'll still have like
my Miranda corner but then this side
will be all like Christmassy and pretty
still be like Christmas wonderland and
Miranda lion look up kids Stephanie it's
on the whole living room area there's
Christmas and it's Christmas here is so
cute Stephanie oh my god I'm obsessed
I'm so happy this is so much fun
I know stupid deck it's a rule book and
I have a deck around me shove in the
rule book that's so loud and the rule
book is decorate whenever you want
oh you shot me that's what you get I'm
electric okay I have to open that
present for mommy I want to see I'm
going to do yeah well this lavender one
says see what we got
Oh panties wait what sure these are cute
I'll wear them tonight what size are
they they're too big but I'm still not
wear them they have a drawstring so
dream oh they don't work this is a
hearse mom
they're too big yeah hey sorry girl when
you go through lack trauma your lips
away from the stress my son
by the way Cory's trying to teach you
how to work it work so apparently
there's this new thing going around the
internet called like the physical the
mannequin challenge and Eric was telling
us about it and then made us do it but
it took him like 15 minutes to direct it
didn't even really work direct just to
stay still but right um so this is that
footage
I don't
you
but we also got my snapchat snapchat one
is better the one that I've gotten is
better so there's now
be sure to follow me on claptrap we are
playing cards against humanity' and I
just put down a card this is what will
always get you laid
who's this who's slacking boys okay it's
horrible I'm sorry but we'll always get
you laid
we have dry heaving the true meaning of
Christmas a murder most foul leaving an
awkward voicemail
I guess I'd say the true meaning of
Christmas cuz I like Christmas but like
these are all lanes sister says how much
we change sequences scissoring trying to
play a game but this mother father is
being so cute are you kidding why are
you sitting like this why are you doing
this to my little heart he's so cute
oh my god I'm trying to get him to wear
this hat and he's not happy with me
right now
kitty let me do this it's for the
Internet no Santa oh my gosh oh my gosh
why are you
haha
Oh
Oh
