it's Korena bleep Boudreaux just really
good do you like my hair what's up guys
so it is a five in the afternoon I've
logged it today I have been literally
sitting in my bed working since I woke
up this morning which is funny because I
tweeted out this morning like happy
Saturday go on an adventure today and
make memories and whose life is short
and then I literally sat in bed all day
and worked so I need to take my own
advice every once in a while but um yeah
today I've just been getting ready I'm
going to tour in a couple days and so
whenever I'm about to go on tour my life
is just full of stress and craziness but
I'm going to Hannah Hart's birthday
party tonight so I wanted to make sure I
got as much work done as possible before
I go so that I can actually enjoy the
night and not feel like I need to home
I'm also freezing my house is always
freezing um I hate being hot so I always
put the air conditioner on like to an
absurd degree and yeah anyway I'm gonna
eat some puppy chow first of all puppy
chow just really good I like am this
uncomfortable place in my work life
right now that drive me insane I'm doing
youtube but I'm going on tour and that's
all really wonderful and I'm so excited
about it but like with the Netflix show
so heaters back off came out October 14
so it's been almost a month since the
show came out we don't know if we're
gonna go season two we might not which
is totally fine but I just want to know
like I'm a person who I've always been
my own boss I've always been in control
of everything that I do so now that like
the future of my career is like I'm just
waiting for someone else to tell me yeah
you can have season two or no you can
it's stressing me out and I know this is
like a good problem to have I'm not
complaining like I'd rather have the
problem of like stressing if I - kiddies
or - or not over anything else but I
just want to know if I'm going to season
two I'm not going to be bitter or upset
or angry I would be like I'm so grateful
for season one now I can work on
something else whether it's like writing
a new book or trying to write a movie or
another TV show or just focusing on
YouTube or whatever it's going to be
me I just want to know because right now
I can't like I don't want to start a
project I don't want to start writing
something else or start doing something
else and then the show gets picked up
and then I have to drop this other
project I want to like focus on whatever
I'm going to do so the fact it's been
almost a month and I I'm just like
sitting around twiddling my thumbs
I don't know this is not something to
complain about I'm not complaining I'm
just impatient I guess I'm just really
impatient and I'm used to like me going
like hey I want to make another video
like this okay I'm gonna do it or hey
I'm gonna write a book okay I'm gonna do
it this is the first time erm I can't
really want to do a season two it's not
my decision so I don't know I'm just
like it's just weird like it's just
weird it's a good problem to have it so
great I'm happy I just like I don't know
I just want to know I guess Netflix has
to like analyze the data and see if
people watch the show people like the
show and see if it's worth it to do
another season um so I just kind of have
to sit around and wait honey puppy chow
okay what's up guys yeah
the Cory's yeah so Rach and I are about
to go to Hannah's birthday party but I
have to open up one of my presents from
my mom I'm gonna do a big one today
yesterday I don't make sure you what I
got yesterday yesterday I got O'Neal
polish remover cuticle just stalking my
bathroom like my birthday present for my
mom it's like her completely stocking at
my bathroom you know these are amazing
you know what I need to stop at CVS
tonight so like pick up like neosporin
and band-aids and like random things
that like you hate buying but you need
to have at your house I'm sure that
they're in this and I just I can but I
don't open every single one so I'm gonna
go to the store and pick up a few things
and get Hannah present and then we're
gonna go to Hannah's whoa hi guys so I
went to Hannah's party last night it was
really fun I didn't feel like vlogging
because it was like everyone was hanging
out and just having a good time and I
felt like it would've been really
awkward to be like hey guys let's talk
to my camera so I just enjoyed myself
and had a blast and um yes sir
next day and it was usually fun and
Hannah's the best and Mamie and grace
know how to throw a party because it was
hilarious and awesome but if you guys
follow me on snapchat um
I snapped a couple pictures you can at
least like see that but I didn't film
any things irony so today my cousin
Stephanie is coming over and we're gonna
hang out maybe deal crafts make some
banana bran and that's what my plan is
so I love you guys and I will see you
tomorrow
Oh
