bitch please oh my goodness I didn't
really plug today at all at all guys I
am shot a video with Eric and then I
just worked and didn't do anything so I
didn't have anything sorry y'all
but uh Rachel's gonna come over in a
minute and Cory me and Rachel are gonna
go get some delicious animal style for
us what every day's gonna be an
interesting situation because some days
I'm gonna want to vlog everything and
show you everything and some days on
today I'm not only doing anything I'm
not gonna just film to film nothingness
so yeah nothing really happened but I'm
playing you can waiting for Rachel to
come over so we can get some animal cell
fries because they're like my favorite
thing in
corollary just said you need to film me
modeling my new bag film and it was
everything Gabriel spoke she wrote a
book
hmm this cat is my best friend
any animal sell fries they were
delicious your breath stinks dude if
you've never had animal style fries from
in-and-out you are missing out they're
freaking incredible um I'm gonna hang
out with Rachel and Cory and chill out
and tomorrow I'm gonna work on my live
show and edit some videos before I go on
tour next week oh my god I can't believe
I'm going on to her and then I'm going
to a birthday party not that
entertaining I need to change my clothes
because I just spelled animal style
fried gunk all over them best friends
you're gonna get mad at me soon huh love
you don't feel no homey horny will come
and now two words right just give me
children to give up this fight
if I'm thinking and the day
you ever wonder if I'm thinking of you
well I'm not so you can stop wondering
I've got better things to do around
thinking about you and hanging not every
little glad you said I got plenty to
keep me busy need to change the coins
without you bitch please I've got better
things to
good
