I'm buddy its Corinne I'm late I'm not
worried about all on to my boobs hi guys
I am with my mother and we just went
shopping because it's Cory's birthday on
Wednesday and we leave for New York next
week so I want to make sure I had my
present frame before we leave and I
think I'm gonna give it to him today um
I don't know I just can't wait I'm too
excited but also oh my gosh my sister
Rachel announced her but my sister wrote
a book you guys I'm so proud of her I
can't even tell you I Rachel worked with
me
for years it she's my assistant and then
eventually she's like I can't do this
anymore like I need to do my own thing
and was like a big deal to like leave
working with me and just completely go
on her own and her channel is doing
really well and now she has a book out
and she completely wrote it by herself
and I'm so proud of her and I just I
think she's amazing she's such a hard
worker and she's just such an a
wonderful person so please go preorder
her book I'll put the link below
it's called 101 things that pissed me
off and the whole book is full of things
that make her mad cuz that's how her
channel started her channel started with
her talking about things that piss her
off
and I'm so stuffed that's silly in there
and there's stuff that's serious in
there and it's just a really fun book
she worked really hard on it so please
go pre-order and support my sister
alright we're gonna go home and surprise
Corey with this present
just sit up in the home again ah oh my
god oh my god oh it's cute that's the
one you want it right this is amazing I
love it yeah you're welcome happy
birthday it's super cute I love it okay
so my mom is about to leave but she
wants me to open up one of my prisons
cuz every day I get a present to my
birthday cuz my mom's the cutest these
are great no these presents are all good
because this should I got glue and tape
and razors and then this little travel
Oh cute travel here in conditioner this
is genius
thanks mom you're the best what's up
y'all so I wanted to show you some stuff
that I got first but I got this jacket
which I'm obsessed with and it's
reversible because I'm going to New York
next week and it's cold so I want to do
jacket I just love it so much um but I
ordered some stuff for the show the live
show so lately I've been doing the live
truck come out as me and I come out in
like my go-to outfit these days is
high-waisted jeans and a crop top like
whatever every day of my life even
though it's not summer anymore it's
still 90 degrees in LA so it's what I
wear um but I wanted to show you try
them on I haven't tried on the crop tops
yet so I don't know if they fit me here
this one's ugly my boobs are really big
in it so iris sparkly crop tops on stage
and I don't know how this one y'all it's
not my fav damn it's so small okay and
it like shoves all my skin down nice
made her expelled year old this is so
gross
okay well this isn't gonna work I'm not
worried about
on my boobs as well it's like the exact
color of my skin so it almost looks like
I'm naked but I'm just like have glitter
on my skin yeah it just looks like I've
done I want to come on stage okay
okay so these were all of us Stoops
already guys it's a little bit later in
the day and I just want to take a break
you guys are so cute I swear ever since
I got him I've gotten less work done
because he's so distracting excuse me I
was not done cuddling you thank you good
boy
are you kidding he's so cute you're so
cute dude so I'm just getting some stuff
done for the live show because I go on
tour in a few days and I have to update
some things in the show because Eric and
Francesca are coming true with me and I
want to put them in the show maybe
you're the cutest little pumpkin he does
not like being woken up
they sweetest little dude how am I
supposed to get any work done with you
around hmm how am I supposed to get
anything done you're so cute oh my god
so I bought
gus-gus a Halloween costume and didn't
check the shipping because I'm an idiot
and it got here late but I got here
today and I just got it oh my god I'm
gonna try to put it on him he's gonna
hate me but I am so excited okay it's
too big on him I wanna see if you'll
walk in it no it's too big and stupid I
don't know I need money
dang it it's too big I'm bummed it
doesn't fit but that's okay some things
in life
sorry not much happened today but it is
time to close out this wall man I am
tired it's almost midnight I'm a long
day you're so cute
sorry uh he seriously is the light of my
life I love you so shall you watch my
little pumpkin
he's such a little cuddle bug I want you
all to meet him and I want you all to
hold him and cuddle him and experience
this joy tomorrow Eric Stockland from
haters back off is coming over we're
going to shoot a video together cuz I
did a video with Angela and I did a
video with Francesca now it's Eric's
turn and I have therapy tomorrow which
I'm so excited about I love them I'm not
ready to say it's so great um and I
really really need it this week so very
excited to go tomorrow morning to
therapy it's gonna be awesome
and then yeah filming with Eric and just
getting work done and getting ready to
go on tour that's what my day is
tomorrow and thanks for watching
everybody I love you and I'll see you
tomorrow I guess you were the best you
listened Vance
Oh
