it's complete gender stereotypes my ass
he could wear pinky looks fabulous hey
guys so I am at Chelsea today I am so
excited to be here um it's gonna find
like what I got I got a little bag can
you see this is Chelsea and um
a little eye mask and a pill bottle
because Joseph um
yeah I'm super excited to be here I'm
like normally I'm really nervous for
these types of things and I don't feel
nervous today I just feel excited um oh
look I got a little note : thank you for
being part of the show
you're just finished with Chelsea as me
and I'm changing into Miranda so we can
do a little thing for social media as
Miranda so I've got to change I have ten
minutes oh my god pumpkin noodle did you
miss me did you miss me I'm home from
filming Chelsea and now I have my real
camera so it's gonna be a little bit
better quality now um but my makeups all
gone which I'm so sad because um I had
like I got all glammed up and had like
full face on and then I had take it off
because I did Miranda at the end of the
day so that's gone but I wanted to show
you my outfit um because first of all I
want to say you guys are so shady on
Twitter and it makes me laugh so hard
you're always making fun of my clothes
and my makeup choices and things like
that because I don't know what I'm doing
um but there's been a few times recently
where you guys are like oh my god
kollene learned how to dress oh my god
Killeen spending money on clothes I'm
not I have a stylist who styles me for
like any press for Netflix
um because I don't know how to dress
myself so they're like we need to get
you someone who can put you in cute
things so if I'm wearing something cute
I didn't pick it out and I didn't buy it
I borrow these things from a stylist
this is a dress I think it super cute
like a really thick material okay but my
favorite part about this outfit is the
shoes how cute all these shoes I love
these shoes I love it and I had a bunch
of cute jewelry on too but I took it all
off my makeups off but yeah now I'm
going to change we're gonna get some
food I'm starving it's like 4:00 in the
afternoon I haven't really eaten yet
today it's been an interesting day for
me Chelsea was fun Chelsea Handler is
like the nicest like she's so so sweet
it was so wonderful to do the show and
my episode comes out on Friday on
Netflix so please go watch it and then
comments and and share it online that
would be really awesome if you guys did
that
oh I just ate a burrito I'm so happy um
I have a story for you guys so a few
days ago some Mormons came to the house
to do their job to witness to us and
talk to us about the Mormon Church and
then they were like hey you're Miranda
can we have a picture and I was like
sure so we took a picture together okay
they came back today I do my door ring
the doorbell my sister was here and they
were like hi is Miranda here she was
like no and they were like oh well we
met her the other day and she's been
texting us and she told us to come back
and hang out it's crazy and a lie
because I certainly did not give that
number and also I mean at least my
friends that are more men who've been
out on a mission because like Mormons go
out a lot of the Mormon men go out on a
mission for two years and like minister
to people and talk about the Mormon
faith
to everyone and go door to door and from
my friends that have done that they
weren't allowed to have their phone for
two years so if their Mormon
missionaries like well how are they
having a phone number one - I never gave
them my number so they don't have my
number I don't have their so there's no
one we could be texting each other
so these Mormon boys came to my house
and lied and said that I have been
texting them I'm like what if I had
answered the door what they gonna lie to
me be like you've been texted a nice
girl oh I just thought oh so funny
anyway uh my mom is gonna be here soon
and she's staying the night tonight my
mom got me a box of birthday presents
what is this you ready mom Oh happiness
it says this is so cute family oh so
wait everyday I get to open a present
is there 21 presents in here what
because
first yes so wait it's the second so I
get two presents today listen this is a
ripoff my birthday is the fifth so if
you just read I get five presents
including is twenty-one let's see I get
twenty Rachel only twenty so I get four
yes yes you get phone yeah oh my gosh
mom this is so cool I don't want to
touch him I want to like just pick one
what color should i do today I feel like
I touched this one first I feel good
thanks mom taping girls it's a common
handy for my scrapbook coin of an eye
all this is great things when this is so
fun Thank You Man roast a moment so cute
Chelsea was really great she's the
nicest person in the world
oh my god I bought my cat disgust Ho Kus
guys come here business I got your hat
too
Oh gender stereotypes my ass he can wear
pink it looks fabulous your life just
the sweetest little pumpkin you're my
sweet little best friend sweet patootie
your love the sky calm your pumpkin come
here pumpkin give me laugh
this is not my favorite day the trying
so hard to stay positive but I did
something so stupid
Oh yo-yoing started reading comments and
get sucked on around a hole it's like a
car accident like you see one mean
comment and then you can't look away
when that's what I should have done like
the first mean comment I saw I should've
looked away and I just couldn't stop I
love my job and I know that this comes
with my job is hate and criticism and
people assuming things about you and
telling you who you are and what you are
and people just making stuff about you
like I know that's part of this job just
I'm a person and I'm a human and I like
have feelings and um I don't know I
guess I'm just trying really hard to
focus on the positive it's crazy
I never thought that like choosing to
show you guys happiness and good things
and choosing to show the internet like
the positive side of my life would have
backlash yeah that's what I want to
share online I want to share the good
not dwell on the negative and the bad
everyone deals with life differently and
deals with issues in life very
differently and I'm choosing to better
my life and make choices to feel happy
and fulfilled
and I'm just surprised that that is
making people hate me
can't what them all it's just a weird
thing to swallow and because I'm
vlogging every day you guys get to see
these weird things that I go through and
right now what I'm going through is just
this weird like man that's really such a
bummer so anyway all I can do from this
point moving forward is be honest with
you guys about myself and my heart and
the wonderful things in my life I'm not
going to share everything negative and
awful in my life with you guys because
first of all I don't um I don't see the
the positive outcome and doing that and
I also don't want to talk about things
that involve other people without their
permission and so I'm I'm just going to
share with you guys the the happy
wonderful exciting things in my life and
show you that like things can be great
even when they're hard so tomorrow's a
new day
today was unexpectedly difficult but
that's okay I love you guys and I'm
going to hang up my mom and my cat I
don't know sorry for this like weird
video this probably doesn't make sense
to a lot of you this is probably just
looks like some weird wine fest I'm
sorry I know I look like a total whiny
brat today it was just a rough day for
me anyway alright I'm done
whining about this but I love you guys
and I will see you tomorrow have a great
day
spread happiness not hate and just be a
nice person don't spread rumors and
gossip about things you don't know what
I think about you never know what
someone's going through buying the
scenes and yes I just don't assume
things
I don't know am I making any sense
Philip you guys
