oh my god I just did the worst thing
good man
I love the month of November it's my
birthday month it's Corey's birthday
month it's Bailey's birthday month it's
Christmas time as Thanksgiving it's all
the best things but what I have you come
obsessed with Denton uh is these caps
from Starbucks I like my new favorite
thing in the whole universe and my mom
got me hooked on ice tea and so all day
long I have one of these full of ice and
full of black ice tea no sweetener um
and these caps like they just keep your
drinks so effing cold and glorious I
literally have one of these every like
every single day I'm carrying this
around wow this is really interesting
footage for me to put in a blog as I sew
I watch more Tuesday I have to film more
miranda videos because I'm going on tour
next week so whenever I go on a tour or
if I know I have a really busy schedule
coming up I will stockpile ton of videos
so that one on tour I can focus on that
job Eric Stockland and Francesca really
are coming on tour with me next week I'm
so excited if you don't tickets yet
Miranda sings calm we're going to New
Jersey New York and Connecticut and then
I'm going to Vegas on December 1st with
my whole family um potentially hopefully
that's the plan and hopefully some of
the cast members too
but since Francesca and Eric are coming
I want to change some things in the show
so I need to work on show today came
home on old I just found for Miranda
videos and now I'm going to make some
musical ease which I'm still trying to
get the hang of I'm not very good at
musically but I do it as Miranda I don't
do it as me um I feel too old to be on
that app honestly like it's like it's an
app for like kids and I just feel very
old on it and ridiculous but that's why
I do as Miranda and not as me I feel
like it'd be like weird to do it as me
but as Miranda it makes sense because
Miranda acts young anyway I'm about to
make some music please and then
I'm going to change and make myself look
normal
so that I can film videos as me so we
miss a date-date filmed for videos
answer my emails edited some videos when
I woke up it's only noon I got some shmo
and then y'all boom ready just coast oh
my gosh okay so it is now 4:00 in the
afternoon I have filmed seven videos
today so oh my god my brain is gonna
explode yeah cute this little pumpkin is
he loves to sit on my lap when I'm
working and it's the cutest thing the
world goodness baby because sweetie
my goodness gracious you're the sweetest
eating in the world he's so pretty cute
how'd I get so lucky with you huh how
did I get so lucky
where you going oh my god I just did the
worst thing I'm I am so panicked right
now okay so I I filmed all of the videos
on one SD card and I put it into my
computer to start editing but I put it
into the wrong slot look it is stuck
inside where you would put oh my god
focus it is stuck inside where you would
put like DVDs this is the SD card slot
so I like just went and put it in and I
wasn't paying attention it's right here
oh my god oh my god I'm looking at it
further oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my god if that gets lost now I just lost
everything I ditched it I'm having heart
attack
you know I freaked out for nothing but
that was one of the most awful moments
of my life because I had lost everything
I've done today I've been making filming
videos all day and if I lost that I
would have been devastated by the way
I'm wearing extensions now obviously if
you couldn't tell my hair did not grow
this is a very fake leave okay gotta go
I'm just so happy that that did not end
as horribly as I thought it's going to
what's up guys it's November 1st so I
had to come into the Christmas room yes
our guest room is a
this room today's kind of just a rough
day for me emotionally um whenever I'm
feeling a little bit down I like to play
music and sing and so that's all I'm
gonna do for you guys today you can
expect a lot of this in my vlogs in the
next couple of months because this is
what I do to feel happy and then um my
friends are going to come over and we're
going to hang out so it's going to be a
fun night so if you don't hear me saying
you can skip forward I'll put the time
code of when I'm done playing you if you
want to just watch my my normal walk so
what I usually do is find songs that I
really like online and look up the
chords and just try to play them really
exciting you can sorry
heart when you told me that you hated my
friends the only problem was with you
and not them and every time you told me
my opinion was wrong and tried to make
me forget where I came from my cat is
freaking out and ruining the entire
Chris's room so I think that's my cue to
go look who's here with me now it's
Cristina and McKenzie and Rochelle in
her favorite place of all the world a
craft store where everything makes
perfect sense
she hates craft stores I love your
Rachel which either and Korey and John
and Ron or here's some more - I just
don't know where they are but we got a
craft because it's been a hard time for
me recently and so what better way to
have a wonderful night and be happy than
to make Christmas crafts with your best
friends so that's what we're gonna do
after we go to Chili's of course and eat
our weight in queso made it - chili
and we just ate our weight in queso
everywhere
we love guys out and look at you haven't
said I am worried you better sit that
see girl we're home from Chili's it was
amazing and I'm gonna put on pajamas and
take out my fleas and we're gonna do
some Christmas cry out he found your new
club oh my god your best friend he's
like man I gotta go my good camera died
so I'm using my phone but our kitchen
right now is covered in glitter and we
made all these Christmas we're having so
much fun we're decorating Christmas
clothes and singing and dancing to
Christmas music and apparently you have
footer on your boots I don't know what's
going on but we're having a blast
it's the most wonderful time with the
kids jingle Belling and everyone telling
you be of good cheer it's the most
wonderful time of the night I guess good
okay he's so sweet and cuddly at night I
love it but thanks for watching today
guys tomorrow I'm doing Chelsea oh my
gosh I'm so excited to meet Chelsea
Handler and do her show I'm nervous I'm
excited so you guys get to come with me
to do that and um she will say thank you
to my incredible friends for being there
for me tonight and taking care of me and
just making me so happy and they're just
amazing and teeny came all the way from
Santa Barbara with her daughter which is
so sweet
make sure to subscribe to teenie and
subscribed Rachael and Cory and follow
them on all their social media I'll put
links below but I am just a happy little
bean now I have amazing friends I love
you guys and I will see you tomorrow
with Chelsea Handler oh my god
Oh
