you celebrate I was making a thumbnail
for the red video and there's cat food
all over that gingerbread house and I
would like to tend to lick it and I
actually ate it gross right so good
morning everybody
rates when I are frantically trying to
get a couple of videos down really fast
um before she has to go because she's
having a move-in day today and I am I
think
flying to a fun little location with
Ariana and Frankie and everyone so I'm
trying to clean trying to get everything
then what a crazy day this is probably
gonna end up being literally at midnight
last night Ari was like hey can you fly
to where we're all vacationing and I was
like maybe and I am actually going so I
need he already film one more video then
I have to pack then go to the airport
what the heck is today look how tired I
am it's 9:00 in the morning love you bye
guess you're so funny that you just lay
like this
there's such a weirdo alright guys so
there's been an update a Rachel came
over we filmed the cuff hired I like oh
my gosh Rachel came over and we filmed
and then I was like frantically getting
ready and packing to go to see Ari and
then I text the person who's organizing
the travel and she was like hey now it
turns out you can't go last night it was
like okay we're going even this morning
I was like oh we're going we're all
excited and then now it turns out like
change of plans now we can't go I don't
know look it's my life I never know
what's going on but whenever she's back
to LA we'll hang out it's actually good
cuz it gives me time to get work done
here it would've been so insane if I had
gone and just dropped all my work to go
so it's actually good cuz now I can try
to get a bunch of work done today and
tomorrow and then hopefully go to Santa
Barbara and hang out with my family for
a couple days so that's the new plan but
I'm gonna go club with glozell haven't
seen him forever so I'm really excited
to go see her that'll be super fun
and then I'm gonna come back here and
film some videos and edit but anyway I'm
gonna get ready to go to goes out now
bite alright guys I'm at glozell house
and I won't laugh it's the stomach oh
okay come on let this list up oh I'm not
being funny but you can't stay with are
you taking my bag you can have my bag
can you carry it uh-uh oh she's taking
it she's got it you carried the bag okay
you carry the bag oh you went up okay
okay so let's let's go oh so let's go
okay and that's not really cute come on
let's go we're gonna sit together yeah
she's like good job yeah we're over
there don't you bear show me your bear
what about the baby
well what's your baby ozell baby
oh god by your thought working mom Oh
Lacey got us matching onesies and by us
I mean me and my cats so I'm gonna try
to put them in them right now this
doesn't like it what do you think Daisy
Inca do you like it Oh Gus is terrified
of Rachael's out there right now
oh yeah we are
you know you know we're doing if you
don't you've never seen my sister's
channel around Christmas Trenton time
prime time tired bye-bye
hi sugar chips we're in the car we're
getting of course miss joy we have a
white gritty Christmas tree but this
year we're celebrating Christmas with my
family at my house well since we're
celebrating at my house this year really
quick we need a big green Christmas tree
so we're gonna go try to find one it's
gonna be hard because Christmas is just
in a couple of days but I am full-on
wearing a onesie with a huge butt flap
that says like special surprise delivery
or something I don't know
but there is a message on my butt and I
don't care Bacon's slim look at this
bush this is so sad there's no tree
waited too long
that was a bus no they still would've
had a tea we could try I think we should
try some people sometimes they have them
Oh got the win oh god it's gone another
anything there's so pretty
we found beautiful trees look at this
they're so pretty it's big I've never
had a tree that big before it was so
pretty pretty meaty I don't know I had
to ring for service it was really scary
this is the one we're gonna get we
gravitated towards that part and I never
had a tree that big before so I'm very
excited I get this one
oh not this one Cory Charlie Brown the
Charlie Brown trees
wait did it we got a tree I can't
believe we found such a beautiful tree
that last minute I know especially cuz
we were to the other lot and it was
literally there's like five trees there
guys we're not you saw like there's
literally probably not more than ten
trees at that lot Charlie Brown was
shaking at them yeah that Charlie Brown
was like literally creaming his pants
demonetised we've never done this before
so we're literally driving on our roof
right now and we're going to drive it
home and we're gonna try to get it in
the house
cory demeyers and we don't have any
ornaments or anything my mom has all the
ornaments every year we celebrate
Christmas in my mom's house but this
year we're doing it at my house and so I
don't have any ornaments or the
Christmas lights or anything so I need
to find those things and so
and I've just been so busy with tiller
and like all the videos have been
posting and stuff I haven't had time to
do any of this but I'm excited we got
our first
I'm so nervous it's gonna flake off the
room no honey she's fine she's strapped
in tight she's strapped in so tight
hey guys I would put up the tree Cory
did all the work he did an awesome job
will show to you in a second but we're
watching The Voice right now look I'm
tired I am oh my gosh I'll show you the
tree and we're watching The Voice which
I haven't really watched it in a really
long time but I'm sure the trees it's
not pretty
so my parents are gonna bring all the
ornaments from Santa Barbara I'm gonna
put those on but um did you guys know I
probably have told you before at some
point I auditioned for the voice isn't
that a weird little bit of information
yeah audition many many many years ago
it was like right when Miranda started
to get popular the voice heard of me and
found out about me and wanted me to go
audition so I went in for these random
three judges but the room was I just
remembers the room was really dark it
was like pitch-black dark and the room I
was auditioning in and there were
cameras everywhere and I saying pricetag
acapella and I did a horrible job like
my audition was not good I'm a really
bad audition er um really really bad
audition er I always freeze up I always
choked up I always my voice cracks I
forgot my lines like I'm really bad at
auditioning for things so imagine was
just really bad and so I didn't make it
on the show but I remember the producers
were like oh we like your story
we're gonna try to get you on but there
my audition was just so bad I totally
bombed it so I didn't make it on the
show anyway I'm gonna go to bed
tomorrow I'm supposed to collab with
grace and I'm also supposed to lie with
Gabi and I'm gonna try to finish doing a
little bit more Christmas shopping so
fun day tomorrow I love you guys and
I'll see you
you
