it's boring bleeps goop in my hair grow
oh good morning good morning oh my gosh
it's really happening I feel like
yesterday well yesterday was my
Halloween party so it made sense to vlog
but today is not a day I would normally
vlog so it's very weird that I'm
vlogging today okay so I'm about to film
some random videos it's Monday and
somebody starts I wake up and I
immediately go into Miranda if I'm gonna
fill more interviews because that's when
I look the trashiest
I'm gonna film a couple videos and it's
Halloween today so after I film and edit
a little bit and do some work I'm going
to go trick-or-treating with my niece
and nephews my lipstick looks really
like orange today anyway all right I'm
gonna tell now goodbye oh my god the
aftermath of making it miranda video
this doesn't even look bad okay looks
I'm looks like a Ming dramatic but
there's water splurt it and guts all
over cuz I just cut open a bunch of toys
but that's coming out nurse goop in my
hair grow out of why do I have the
grossest job Nora I'm gonna go edit and
get some work done and yeah come on joy
the day with me this is so I don't know
why I'm acting so where I've logged for
like I've been blogging since for nine
years eight years eight years why does
it feel so where I think it's because I
commit I've never committed more than
like vlogmas every December I go okay
I'm gonna vlog every day until Christmas
in December but I've never been like
okay I'm gonna vlog everyday for the
month of November and every day for the
month of December and I think the reason
I'm so like wigged out by is because I
know myself and I know that I'm gonna
get like addicted to it and I'm gonna
start vlogging every day past when I'm
because in January I'm going on bus tour
and I'm gonna want a vlog every day when
I'm on bus to her so I'm going to clean
up this mess and get some work done all
right see a little bit so I'm just
editing in bed and I hear some rustling
do you that
yeah you wanna know what that is it's my
cat playing with a tampon where did you
find that are you done
okay the Olsen twins are back and we are
at the bellissimo house say hi
what are you know yeah really computer
you to death my stupor Ballinger come
with me is it it can't and you'll see
art and you'll be okay no be in a world
no a world you'll see that's why I
thought but Jacob ascribed to me earlier
so it might be wrong in my body I don't
know well and Jessica Magee
what are you pregnant no I was gonna get
to be honest I know I'm surprised to see
you here it's very exciting but barely
it's holding it little ozell it was a
skeleton with the pastor Bailey what are
you you look beautiful
I'm the prince yes yeah beautiful
apparently this neighborhood is like
incredible for trick-or-treating I only
got to trick-or-treat like for a couple
years I wasn't allowed to celebrate
Halloween until I was like 13 and then I
tried to a trick or treating and
everyone's like you're too old for this
so I never really got to experience
trick-or-treating growing up in the last
few years I've just been like had little
Halloween parties on the night of
Halloween so tonight I get to go with
children to watch them to retreat it
I've been so excited it's gonna be so
much fun
are you excited - trick-or-treat Bailey
yeah do you what's your favorite candy
to get
lollipops my favorite candy was always
butterfingers if you got butterfingers
that was like the money one for me
that's when I would trade with people if
anyone else got butterfingers well here
go to like favorite I like to spit
stickers or Twix Twix was a good one too
and skittles little bags of Skittles but
I will say I always got like a copious
amount of tootsie rolls Oh No and that
is trash just going today now do you not
give tootsie rolls away to children
normal a statue else I guess candy uh
snap I was like this whoa that was no
pass I don't know so I would know in the
comments tell me what is your favorite
Halloween candy that you wish you could
just have all of just this one candy
mine would probably be butterfingers um
yeah I think that was my favorite
growing up what was your favorite Cory
um like twigs twigs twigs Asian wedding
which again would you get my little
heart just shattered into a million
pieces and she listened to me talk about
the Butterfinger and then she gave me a
Butterfinger you're so pretty
really
little girls just like Miranda and I was
going over anything skip a picture with
you and she looked at look at my pledge
showing her haters back off but she had
no idea it was me it was amazing I put
her on my snapchat everything she had no
idea that I was Miranda who is an
incredible moment for me look at this
hello and Azarcon kitty you mad universe
thank you David Richard a tree like this
this is madness
I'm I'm doing fun I want to eat up a
deterrent
hey guys look who I found can I see it
let me see your pants she even has the
here's backup hands and everything
perfect I cannot believe I ran into the
Myranda thing it's an honor alrighty we
were done trick-or-treating wasn't it
fun yeah did you have so much fun now
we're just back at the policeman's house
we're gonna hang out and I'm keepin a
wig on I took off the costume because
that's freezing um but the wig plan on
one that's the candy shows the kids get
to choose one candy to eat and this is
the candy you chose
that's exciting oh my gosh parenting win
hair tinglin
this is one of the candy options a huge
chocolate bar he could have chosen an
entire huge chocolate bar and he chose
goldfish crackers that he probably eats
every day the tow is home we left early
because little gus-gus was acting weird
I am the cute one she's just my sister
but Gus Gus was acting really weird I
took him with me because I know we'd be
gone for more than a couple hours and
he's never been alone for more than two
hours so he's a really big need people
person type of cat and he's spoiled
rotten and so I was uncomfortable
leaving him here with no one else here
so we took him to the police emos with
us and get a room set up for him and so
we went trick-or-treating for maybe
pollen we triggered reading like an hour
and a half two hours yeah so he was
alone during that time but then when we
got him he was acting so weird he's
acting like limp and like kept passing
out and like he's breathing weird and I
just like panicked I was like I have to
go home so we left early we're gonna
hang out and like jam and play ukulele
and guitar and just sing and drink wine
just have a great night together but we
left early because I thought my little
kitty was sick but now we're home and
he's totally fine so I think that he was
just overstimulated and scared to be in
a new place um so now he's totally fine
and running around and eating and being
a total goober Gus Gus trick-or-treating
was crazy I have never experienced
anything like that in my life it was
madness like I said I I wasn't we
weren't allowed to go trick-or-treating
until I was too old to go
trick-or-treating and when I did go
trick-or-treating
like we would get like tootsie rolls and
like dum dum lollipop dude don't hate
the dumb don't love them I'm just saying
those are the candies yeah I got this
big like they were minuscule candies and
we'd also get like horrible trash candy
and like my parents would have to go
through it because they'd have to check
for all the ones that were expired and
like check and see if any of them had
bugs in them like I did not have an
experience like that ever growing up so
tonight was super surreal and the whole
nights the kids at Bailey and Jacob
Parker I was like this is not normal
just you know this is not normal and
this is not what you're treating as
trick-or-treating is a few tootsie rolls
and a sucker
so that was madness I've never
experienced anything like that before
but it was really fun and it was just it
was crazy it was madness um yeah usually
fun I don't have anything else Sam
probably she's gonna work tonight and
edit and hang out cuz I'm super cool you
guys and I will see you tomorrow
November 1st
Oh
