it's boring dumb bleep Francesca darling
you know cherry look what's up guys I'm
so excited yeah I lost my vlog II I'm
nowhere school I've used my phone
tonight but we're having a Halloween
party at our house I'm Richard Americain
Ashley I just cut the wigs I made the
costumes the other night I'm so excited
about it I'm so excited I'm gonna show
you I'm we're having scene oh yeah my
boggy ok so I'm gonna show you all the
different desserts that we have made and
so excited I love these wigs
they're so good I'm so happy
okay so we have kitty cat Oreos and
witch's hat Oreos we have panzram
pumpkins chips and candy corn sugar
cookies crazy eye cookies and pretzel
pumpkins aftertaste eye huh how is it
they're delicious we have a barfing
pumpkin of hummus we have band-aids and
brownies and cupcakes in a cone but our
graveyards we also have kitty litter is
the kitty litter
ready oh good kitty litter just bluffing
oh my god John oh my god I hate you
all right we're in our costume I'm so
excited I love it
parties like hang up keyboard show happy
and John hired a woman to make
quesadillas your summer making business
but look which is here look how hot you
look oh my gosh you look amazing
Rachel I just am so lucky he's my
favorite costume that you have ever done
with least Mary Kay - I'm a student
third killer anyway Joe is just brave
enough to eat the kitty litter no one
else is dug into the aisle is it it's
amazing it's the best kitty litter Wow
that's gonna exit rats a thumpin okay
brandy here she brought it for an Ian
Cheers
as you it is probably not what are you I
don't even avoid I'm like a 70s guy no
your burnt rubber Francesca it's fantasy
football get it I don't know what that
is but it's a thing that people do this
is some of your comedy guitar come to
your Hall of comedy
father please Sheila we kept away from
for so long a reason okay when I was
vlogging in Canada Harvey and I walked
around Canada for like 400 years going
Priscilla Cooney goes I don't know if
you guys watch that vlogger you remember
it but it happened and we changed the
name Priscilla because it was for
Jessica Francesca darling
Francesca come here darling Oh Francesca
you look horrible darling and how long
do we do it for Francesca hours very
straight and how much did you hate us
thank you and out around our to
especially when you were trying to tell
me how to cross the street Harvey no she
is we can actually do it for real so
when we and I'm actually dressed like
Lovington
Madame must have eaten that I'm having
to not having to Francesca darling you
know cheerio look at you do not wear
that with you we should kill them she
looks terrible terrible I'm no good with
Swiss Cornelius Cornelius darling you
kill some mummy and daddy no no it's no
more thing to do very couples don't do
this so you go to your bedroom and I'll
go to mine with my best friend okay
darling I'll see you later darling
thank you shivers an incredible soiree
thank you kindly
love you what happened first of all
first of all this is like the lilius
white neighborhood and meselson outside
let us then open the door opener so do
not look at all the treats that I've
communicated and I I didn't hear you I'm
sorry we were yelling people no they
darling really I'm afraid sir I love you
kisses not really oh did I
for me before
oh my gosh I had so much fun tonight it
was awesome I look like a tow a balding
tow um person I'm just sitting with my
current roomies so you guys know Cory
John has recently come and started to
stay with me and this is John's
boyfriend Ron so it's just me and three
gays living the dream is yet to be oh
yeah gasps Gus we don't know let him
decide look at that tail okay we had so
much fun tonight it was so fun we just
like jammed out like the beliefs most
brought their guitar and I was playing
the iewk and they were playing we're all
just singing and laughing and then
Hannah and Nick ended up staying really
late and we just yeah
oh yeah the quesadilla I didn't film the
quesadilla lady Oh last night John went
out and met this woman making
quesadillas on the street and was like
come to our party tomorrow literally I'm
not getting I wish I was kidding
so you literally buy this woman over to
make his hideous for all of our guests
that she did and it was amazing she it
was so good so it worked laughs for
Halloween it was that way long black
horn hmm anyway it was super fun furfrou
um also I hit 1 million subscribers on
this channel I did a live stream this
morning saying thank you to everyone
who's subscribed that what is on my chin
what is happening um saying thank you
and I'm so excited and because of it I'm
going to vlog every single day until
Christmas
oh you know it's not crazy I announced
it on my live stream but now I'm telling
you here so I will tell you guys
tomorrow
oh my god okay bye
Oh
