does anyone here pillu 11 I say hello as
these guys can respond I want to see if
anyone is watching right now
great um yeah so I check my Twitter so I
woke up today and went online and saw
that I cannot believe it it's crazy
so I'm really excited I can't believe it
and I have a surprise for you guys a
surprise I don't know it's a surprise
it's a narcissistic surprise is so um
but I'm gonna tell you guys a little bit
while I'm waiting for people to join in
on this live stream because as a thank
you it's for getting me to 1 million
subscribers on this channel I'm gonna do
something and um so anyway yeah I have a
surprise for you guys that I want to
tell you about and I'm nervous about it
like I don't even know what's gonna
happen I'm like I don't know but anyway
um so yeah while we're waiting for
people to join in on here thank you for
1 million subscribers I cannot believe
it cuz I like when I hit I remember
hitting every milestone with like psycho
soprano Alan Miranda sings channels like
when I hate 1 million subscribers on
both of the channels I cried but psycho
soprano especially because I was just
blown away that anyone would want to
watch my life and watch me like oh it
was so just surreal to know that 1
million people made the decision to like
click and watch my life and so I started
doing this vlog Channel
because I post way too often obviously
I've like livestream every day and I'm
the most annoying youtuber on the planet
constantly on the internet constantly
putting out videos and livestreams going
on and so I I was I felt like I was
posting too much on psycho supremo with
all my blogs and like just everything
and so I went it's like this forever
could be a channel or just post twice a
week and that's where I post those
things and then and when I want to do
daily stuff for like long banters or
20-minute live streams or 20 minutes
let's be real two hours um I'd have a
place to go do that and I didn't think
like many people would subscribe I
didn't think anyone would watch it I
thought like my clean vlogs with the
channel where I upload videos and like
few people watched it and then
eventually big well no one's watching
this vlog channel so I'll just stop
using it and instead it's like growing
and it's just crazy so um yeah I'm
really excited
that's no I have um I have a million
subscriber plaque for Miranda and for
second soprano a nominee on for cleanup
blocks I'm at three million subscriber
o'clock it just blows my mind like I
remember I remember where I was when I
hit fifty thousand subscribers I'm
psycho soprano and I was in New York and
I was with Josh and I was there doing
shows and I cried like and even a dance
party and I was like like I thought it
was like the most I could ever possibly
get like I was blown away by that and I
still am like fifty thousands a lot of
people um but just item it's
mind-boggling like that a million people
subscribe to my blogs like it's just
crazy so thank you um I'm so excited and
you guys it's the best
okay the surprise everyone's not the
surprise is ain't gonna play ukulele for
us I am I need to clean my room clearly
so and I have a lot of stuff to do so I
can't stay too long I always say that
I'm always here
like seminars okay so the surprise I
want to tell you I was gonna play a song
first I'm gonna tell you first okay it's
a very narcissistic surprise surprise
but it's like secretly subscribers what
can I do to like say thank you for all
my subscribers on my vlog channel
because this is a huge deal um and I
have been slacking on the block once
lately so and I never committed to I've
never committed to anything on this vlog
channel I became a blog woman to wear
okay I'm gonna vlog today and it's a
coincidence that I vlog every day where
I'm like you know on tour usually so I'm
vlogging but I can't believe I'm gonna
convince Alyssa I'm gonna vlog every day
for the month of November and the month
of December because December is vlogmas
but I'm gonna start in November now this
is a huge treatment for me I hope I can
do it I've never committed to it I've
never said like I'm gonna vlog every day
I've never committed to that except for
vlogmas in December um yeah I'm like
kinda nervous and scared I was vlogging
consistently every day when I was on
tour in Europe and I loved it I really
loved logging every day I had so much
fun doing it and then I fought the few
times since I've been home but it's been
really hard to vlog um there's just a
lot going on and some days I don't feel
up for it and I really want to be a
channel on sex right now Miranda and I'm
here where I can be like happiness for
you guys and show you happy things and
wonderful things and sometimes it's not
easy and especially in the last you know
couple months of my life it's not been
easy so I haven't been in filming
everyday life but I have filmed a few
things here and there to try to like put
out for you guys and show happiness and
good stuff I'm sure that you can get
through hard things
still choose happiness and choose
positivity even when things are the
absolute worst they've ever been in your
whole life um so yeah I'm gonna try to
vlog every day I know I am gonna vlog if
I'm not gonna track I'm going to do it
okay I'm really I'm gonna do that and
it's not even like a surprise our
present because like who wants to see
videos of me everyday like lame but it's
a huge event for me because of it so
that means for two months I will be
posting then okay so I post two videos a
week on Miranda two videos a week on
psycho right now I'm doing three videos
become psycho oh my god that's 12 videos
a week 12 videos to film and edit a week
is that right 7 9 10 11
yeah 12 yeah until I stop doing random
Monday so seconds per minute little the
11 videos okay I can do it I'm excited
though because there's a lot of fun
stuff going on like I'm so oh my god
that sucks like now I'm doing it like
now cuz I'm gonna vlog today
um I'll vlog tomorrow oh my god so I'm
starting now because I'm vlogging today
and I'm gonna vlog to market all lean
and then is November 1st so I'm excited
so anyway what you guys can look forward
to in vlogs is um I am going on mod
announced this but welcome to me um I'm
doing Chelsea Lately this week which is
really exciting and so I'm gonna booked
that um and then I'm going on tour next
week to New Jersey New York and
Connecticut with Eric Stockland who
plays Patrick on hears back off and with
Francesca who plays Emily on haters back
off and Cory who plays the drag queen on
it is leg up but I'm really excited for
you guys to meet some of the cast
because I've been
like best friends with these people for
like almost a year and well not almost
year I guess I met Eric and February
January and Frannie I met in like March
so not a year but for a long time and I
haven't been able to tell you guys about
these people are shared them with you so
I'm excited to bring them on tour and so
I'm going on going on tour and then I'm
going to Hawaii and then it's my
birthday I'm gonna do something fun for
my birthday I'm not quite sure yet and
what I'm gonna do yet and then
Thanksgiving and then Christmas time and
I have a show in Las Vegas which I'm
gonna make some of the cats come to and
I'm gonna make my family come to and all
my friends submit the Christmas
Extravaganza Christmas Mariana show and
then it's Christmas time and I'm gonna
be here I'm gonna be in LA which is rare
for me you should have touring all over
the world and this Christmas I get to be
home with my family and decorate house
and just I don't know I'm excited to
like share my life with you guys so I'm
gonna try to bond some of the bonds
might not be very good because I might
run out of time with editing and whatnot
but also I mean we're supposed to find
out hopefully by the end of the year if
we get a season 2 for haters back off so
if I'm vlogging every day you guys don't
get to see that if that happens if I
hope but if it doesn't happen then you
guys could see me start whatever next
project I'm gonna do whether it's
writing a movie or writing a new another
book or or just living my life and being
human who doesn't work as much um yeah
I'm really excited for like to just
chill down and like be able to share it
all with you guys I'm excited
ok so then in talking enough I'm gonna
read you tweets really fast and then I'm
gonna play some I really like I haven't
even check where you guys he's saying ok
um let's see what's this I'm doing
Chelsea mean I don't see nice terms
Chelsea Lately never mind
Marty said make the cast of your
Pensacola show I want to I love
Pensacola I'm so excited to take tho
there on January so in January I'm going
on tour to get tickets to that as well
cuz I'm gonna try to make I'm trying to
get with all I'm especially gonna make
try to make Frannie do um yeah okay Lexi
Terrell said I can't wait for Vegas
please take T me and Heather and all
your family I'm gonna try I'm trying to
make everyone come let's see Christopher
said are you gonna cover Madonna son
today I've been waiting occasionally
I'll do one for you maybe not today but
I promise I'll get you on Christopher oh
my god you guys are so funny
I cannot believe 1 million subscribers
and I was like I see a problem you yeah
I know there's a bar before I've got a
clean girl because I'm gonna quit this
song what I really like ok guys I cannot
believe there's a million subscribers
and I can't believe I'm gonna vlog every
day I hope I can do it I'll do it I can
do it I'm not gonna give myself the
option to fail do it my computer's not
working what I hate
okay so Eric Ebron Cheska are coming and
Eric is in game show and so we have is
costume that matches like the costume is
from I don't think are you telling you
any of this I'm not supposed to tell you
any of this all right do it
nevermind I'm not sure and the worst
this is what I'm not supposed to live
string because they just give away all
the secrets until you guys everything
and I'm not supposed to I'm the worst
anyway um Oh another thing I'm excited
about coming up very soon is um I am
going to do another my birthday's coming
November and I want to do another
fundraiser for Tosh cancer so I'm going
through my closet this week and I'm
going to get a bunch of crap yeah anyway
um so I'm gonna do a fundraiser for
genitive cancer I did it last year and
it was so so incredible and my favorite
thing I've ever done in my whole life I
think um I've never felt more excited
and proud of you guys and how amazing
you are and I've never been more in love
with you guys because you guys raise so
much money for childhood cancer cells
but yeah it was it was awesome you know
there's so much money and I wasn't
expecting it so how it works for you new
people to my channel is I'm gonna do a
livestream and I will basically auction
off kind of old clothes like it's a
garage sale essentially so I go through
my closet and find a bunch of old
clothes that I don't want anymore and
and give my growth so old clothes awaits
you guys if you donate so it's not like
the highest bidder or anything like that
it's just we'll have a like site you can
go and donate money to chop up cancer so
you could donate a dollar you could
donate $100 you donate million dollars
you can donate whatever joining a
quarter it doesn't matter if you donate
any cent you are injured to win
something of mine which is
narcissistic but I'm just starting to
figure out a way to like say thank you
guys for supporting me and thank you for
raising money for choc cancer so it's
something that hits me right in all the
fields
being able to go on tour has led me to
meet so many incredible people and some
of the people that I have met have been
adorable perfect incredible kids who
have cancer and it's not fair and it
sucks and there's so much there's so
many fundraisers and so many
organizations that raise money for
breast cancer which is wonderful my
grandma passed away with breast cancer
so I'm very grateful for all that but I
don't think that there is enough fund
raisers and organizations raising money
for children with cancer so I think we
should do what we can to fix that so
that's why I did this last year and I
want to do it more often so I'm gonna do
it for my birthday this year I don't
know like in what capacity or how I'm
trying to figure out a way to do it so
it's a little more organized because
last year I just did it like by myself
on my computer like this and it's like
okay let's try to raise money and I
didn't know what I was doing and it
still worked you guys raised over
$20,000 and then I matched that so we
Jordan did $40,000 to st. Jude's
Hospital um yeah I'm trying to figure
out a way to make it like so we can
raise even more and donate more money to
kids who need it and yeah so I'm really
excited about that and um yeah so if you
guys have any other ideas with that but
yeah I'm gonna go through my closet
today to try to find some probably also
gonna find like real things to give you
guys to not just like old shirts and
pants of mine from forever 21 because
I'm classy I'm probably gonna try to
find like other fun things like
headphones and um tech bar like maybe
look at or like something can you stop
fighting me it's not nice it's not nice
don't do that
thank you um so I'm gonna try to figure
out more stuff that I can give away to
you guys if you donate money to
childhood cancer I'm very excited about
it
so yeah um that's pretty much it I don't
have much else to say I need to fold all
my clean laundry that's uh what was that
for your breath why did you
that he's been feisty lately the
capacitor hey stop the past couple of
days this little bugger has been biting
like crazy and look of fact he's getting
him so fat okay I love you you're
beautiful to me um but he does eat more
than anything I've ever seen in my life
um this guy had been my little bundle of
joy he's been my best friend I'm such a
loser who has a cat for best friend but
it's been so nice to have him my mom
surprised me with him and it just been
like he's been a lifesaver because he's
someone to cuddle with and makes me
giggle and laugh and smile and I just
love him so much little Gus Gus you know
he fights me no but but look he's like
the cute he just wants to sit on my lap
at all times he wants to be with me all
the time like he's so sweet I love him
he's so cute he's so cute okay so um I
guess I'll answer a couple questions for
ten minutes and then it's about me Phil
where's gus-gus going well you're on
tour hmm so at double row Mesa wisdom
said where's gus-gus going I went to her
okay guys crazy so for this first tour
we're gone for five days I'm only gone
five days we're just going to Jersey New
York and and he's gonna be with my mom
so he's gonna go to Santa Barbara with
my mom and be with her cuz he can't be
alone who's Jimmy D no freakin way
and I'm not the type of person who would
ever let like just have my cat at home
alone and like have someone come check
on him once a day like no way he's
spoiled rotten he needs to have to
compensate attention so yeah my mom will
take him for that tour and then Vegas I
might bring him on and then the bus to
her I'm gonna bring down cuz I have like
on the bus I'd like a little bedroom in
the back and he's really chill cat and
he'd be totally finally bus his small
and he's like chill and awesome and
sweet and I could totally just take him
and he's really like good like I say
he's biting my arm but he is really good
he gets really bitey when he's tired one
because you're tired wrong um so I'm
planning I haven't told my tour manager
this yet he's kind of a heart attack
um but I'm planning on bringing the cats
because I'm gonna be gone three weeks I
can't be away from my cat for three
weeks like that is impossible hey why is
he doing this does anyone know why my
cat has been a pothole the past two days
and it's like ah stop fighting me are
you teething like what is your deal
you just want attention um yeah kaeleen
zynga coins that I would pay money for
meeting Greece gus-gus oh he will be at
the Ingrid's I'm like if I go if I bring
him on the bus tour I will take him to
me and greets for the VIP meeting great
since the Q&A and stuff I will bring him
on stage for sure I don't know how he'll
deal with like how it was a loud
audience why are you biting boys
predatory
um so anyway I'm thinking about I don't
know how he'll react to like a big
audience I don't know if I take him
onstage but I feel like he can handle
like 200 people and he's a brilliant he
loves people so it's not like he'd be
scared of you guys he'd love it you guys
I'll pet him and I don't them but um he
might bite you apparently because that's
just a thing to do um let's see Kimmy it
was stop fighting me okay Emily said
sing some Ariana songs course okay I
will in a second um are you fighting
like he's literally climbing with those
go ahead are you so weird um Ellen said
my cat was like that wouldn't you as a
kitten but he's a lot calmer now okay
that's good to know so maybe he'll chill
out
weird eat your phone case this is from
urban outfitters and it doesn't fit my
new phone
but I love it I got a case that fits
this phone it's like a sparkly case it's
really pretty it's heavy and this one's
light and I doubled it Chris loved it
and I just liked it so I use it even
though it doesn't fit my phone hey stop
eating me eat this mmm Martha said for
the childhood cancer option could be
donating other currencies instead yeah
yeah you can donate it any any monies
and every penny every single penny goes
to it it's not like a mic I'm gonna take
a profit or I'm gonna take some of it to
send you guys the gifts like I used up
my own money to like package and ship
all the like last year we gave away like
30 safe things are something this year
will be even more so if I package and
give away like a hundred things like all
that is need donate ivory if you guys
donate a dollar the entire dollar will
go to st. Jude's it's not like I'm gonna
take some of it and do something else
with it so some people talking about
that last year like oh she's going to
keep that my likes not only do I not
keep it doubled it so like every penny
goes to st. Jude's but maybe I'll go to
a different organization this year what
I'd love to do is find specific families
who need it because that's another thing
that I've always like had a hard time
with is like when you donate money to
Lake or the organization you don't
really know where the money's going it
could be going to like new pens and
paper but I'd like to know any money's
going so I kind of want to try to find
families that don't have money but who
have a child suffering from cancer and
can't afford their hospital bills so I
thought about trying to do that I just
don't know how to do that I don't know
how to find families who need it and
yeah but it would be cool to like let's
say we raise $20,000 again this year or
$40,000 in this year it would be cool to
take like find four families and get
each of them $10,000 to help a little
bit with bills I don't know I don't know
how I'm gonna do it this year haven't
had a meeting about it or anything I'm
gonna try to get some people together
and help me because last year I did it
totally by myself
Corey helped me a little and Rebecca
helped me a little but for the most part
by myself and so um
I want to try to get like a team of
people together who know how to do it
because I want to do it right and I want
to make sure we can raise the most money
possible to help these kids because it
breaks my heart like it is so the cancer
it just sucks in general and I know that
when my grandma went to cancer like it
was gut-wrenching like she had she
struggled she fought cancer for seven
years eight years and she had breast
cancer she had bone cancer she had she
she had like tons like cants just spread
all over her body she had like skin
cancer some sort of like bone marrow
cancer like some sort of cancer inside
really narrow something I don't know but
she went through it and it was just so
unfair to see someone who was like the
most wonderful woman in the entire world
she's perfect human like she was perfect
wonderful grandma incredible woman and
um it just wasn't fair and I think
that's like the one thing about cancer
that drives me crazy it's just not fair
like I just it makes me so upset like I
thought a child could get it I just ah I
guess it's horrible for anyone like not
just children it sucks when anybody gets
cancer but um the children is just like
that extra pulls on my heartstrings a
little bit more because especially since
I've met so many of you who have cancer
or who have fought cancer I beat it
which is amazing um I don't know it's
just so unfair to me as an adult like if
I got cancer I mean that'd be awful
obviously but I am an adult who can take
care of myself and obviously have help
from other people but like a child like
a child who relied I don't know it just
it just oh my god it makes me so upset
it really breaks my heart so um we gotta
figure out a cure oh my god so um well
we will work together to raise money and
make a difference this year for my
birthday that's all I want for my
birthday so if you come to my shows if
you want to send me something the mail
um please don't do if you want to buy me
something or a gift or something like
don't like save your money and donate it
to cancer when I do my event that's
I would like to my birthday is everyone
to try to help kids with cancer
okay um I'm going to John's mom
so let's see oh my god I'm so nervous to
vlog every day guys cuz like I like I
love showing you the like happy
wonderful fun things like my friends and
my family and I generally I'm a very
optimistic happy positive person but I'm
going through a lot so there are gonna
be days or it gets hard and rough and um
I'm all nervous about that I'm nervous
to show you that I'm nervous I'm just
nervous um yeah it's just different now
than it was before because before I
could show you guys like anything in it
like I could cry and share things and be
super honest with you about most of the
things in my life of course there's some
things I've always kept personal but um
how it just feels different because I
guess stuff that's personal and hard at
my life now doesn't just involve so it's
like harder for me to talk about it but
anyway um anyway I think it's gonna be
fun I'm excited to vlog for you guys
every day I hope you guys like it I hope
you guys watch my winged I oh no it's
horrible girl um are you gonna dress up
for Halloween that's from aggie yes I am
and I made my costume like that
like every three days to see it um I've
been wanting to be this for Halloween
for a very long time and I just never
did it and my cats play with my bra and
um I'm finally doing it this year and
I'm really excited fun
I can't you guys don't know tonight what
my costume is because I'm wearing my
costume tonight so I'm really excited um
what's your favorite song I sing on the
ukulele at the moment Emma asked me that
you know I don't have a favorite song
and someone asked my friend asked me out
the other day and I was like I don't
have a favorite song I just play
whatever um see ya okay so um a DK's
smiley said maybe you could sign the
shirts and stuff you get rid of yeah I
did that I think I did that last year
for the most part but I'm definitely do
that this year I'm gonna sign every
single thing that would give away and
last year I gave away like little notes
to that really thank you so much for
donating so I'm from India this year
we'll have little notes for everyone who
donated anyone and um also sends a sign
whatever doesn't give out what is bison
oh my gosh
EB you said or Akron service it was the
uke hard to learn or simple um it was
hard I guess but I didn't care because
it's so fun like I really enjoy playing
the ukulele it wasn't like super hard
like it's easy to learn a few chords
there's some chords that were harder to
learn but when you love doing something
it doesn't feel like work it doesn't
feel hard and I've always said that
about anything that you do so like my
job is I it's a hard job to work you
know fifteen hours a day on a million
videos and TV show and whatever else but
it doesn't feel like work so it's not
just too hard it just feels like I don't
know when you love what you do it
doesn't matter so like I love playing
ukulele so even though it was like maybe
hard to learn ukuleles probably the
easiest instrument to learn I'd say um
but it's still I mean it's hard anyway
someone asked me to do arianna so I love
playing honest ones maybe that's my
favorite
already on let's find a good one y'all
like show let's go to guitar if you use
guitar chords cuz there's better let's
see what song I'm not something to do ok
let's say here you guys I can request a
song if you'd like on Twitter I'll do
maybe one work for this records
sometimes people write down their own
courts on these websites and it's very
confusing trying to find the girl
dis add the f off
baby you know how dry rain okay you know
I'm sorry guys I'm
they're not the right chords I cannot
figure out what is going on here let me
see if I can fix this
or I could just pick a different song I
guess maybe I'll do that but so weird
those chords are so wrong I don't know I
don't know I can't figure that out okay
I'm good you guys want me to sing
because I don't know it's all of us
Billy because what are you song did you
want moonlight I got ready take that one
last time but um I'll try it
my Internet's so slow at this house it
is crazy
Oh crazy girl I have to change the key
because I can't give you these clips
with the heat
clothes I did that
the first ones I learned
you just love you guys so much I just
want to talk to you know with you every
day all the time
closer
Rachel made a funny comment about that
song yesterday we listening to it and
she was like you know that they wanted
the lyrics to be.we and ever getting
older but they were like nothing rhymes
with older how about bolder let's say
bolder like Colorado making that right
anyway okay I'm gonna go I have a lot of
things to do and getting ready um that I
should go you guys have lots of you
actually are you dressed for defying
gravity sunflower or I choose you you
guys want more songs wait girl where's
the Madonna song this is gonna be like
Adam in a lunch three oh I am sitting
actually I'm sitting that tomorrow I
really am
okay can I have a tension please yes you
can um Jason song by Ari oh my God look
at me saying I won my song nothing
that's how it goes okay coordinating
meets you hard actually
Jason song I've never tried to do this
one but I'm pretty sure yeah I don't see
the chords for it I don't see chords so
Ari is the cutest personal blender yeah
I don't think chords exist for yet
because it's not like popular enough
same yeah my first
hmm yeah I don't see oh this is a good
song guys I'm just gonna keep playing
you I have so much to do but I like can
see thanks to hi okay wait for me to
find the key that I like you can be
patient right cuz I really like the song
if I can figure out how to play it
here's a key I just went to all that
trouble was anything that's any price
specific song
Oh Jason song I love that song sing a
dollar I'm understanding Oh Joe
you gonna lay it aside you write it down
you let us man off - oh my god it was
like you don't even know the words no
one's winning are you again know how to
deal with you it's like when I was
singing her you didn't know what Ari and
I know that I'm not seeing here are you
alright again guitar I need to go or am
I still doing this I'm saving you guys
um I could to break free I love me
harder huh the way I wonder if there's a
fun way to do break free okay
I don't watch this ones were really hard
but I want to learn how to play it and
I'm gonna stumble through it right now
with you guys
what's this court okay I can play that
sorry just make sure I can play this
dish let's try that sound like an
all-girl no these are
Oh
I love the song
watching because I like to say
all right I'm really gonna go this time
guys thanks ringing outside this is long
so most boring and worse livestream ever
done and can't we just see you tomorrow
and every day on the vlogs and
