it's Korena it's on my butt and on my
vine good morning it is bright and early
early she had two minutes left y'all two
minutes left I was two minutes early
oh my gosh mighty spelling on my vagina
which I'm about to get steamed I
literally I'm gonna look like I know I'm
gonna look like I peed my pants
oh good morning vagina that was very
cool it's on my butt and on my vehement
which I'm about to get steamed and it's
gonna get clean clothes all has been
trying to make me get my vagina steamed
only about 26 years like that I've known
you
well ya know she really has been trying
to get me to get my vagina steamed for a
very long time and I have not done it
for a very long time it's really a shame
that it is taking this long just just
rejoice daddy's finally yeah there were
those themes themes through my clams so
you just said you have another idea that
you have a choice between a goddess or
like um a witch to come you know they
don't like we call which the split like
to come
you know clear energy and stuff so when
is the guy doesn't she's more like
voodoo but um in a good way
like so so she might scream and yell and
throw things like chicken bones and
feathers which is kind of exciting you
know it scared me at first but you know
or the other one is she's more calm and
she'll just tell you to move these more
phones wait it's foolish what could
leave its weight but this one's a witch
can't we just like get to that what's us
of calling sage and like walk around my
house yeah but you need to know what you
doing you can't play with that stuff
like that so one so you want me to have
a witch come to my house they know how
to do it she's a good witch why do I not
have a choice of not having either
question cuz because this is fun you've
got a house you need we need to clear
you know oh my god why am i friends with
you because it's never a dull moment at
least yeah at least we're forcing our
sisters to be a part of this madness no
you suggest meet me and glow doing weird
stuff like getting our cards red and
freezing in a chamber skinny-dipping in
a spa getting every time it seems oK
we've made it in we're one step closer
to getting a vagina steamed I'm so
excited and they gave us sheets like not
ropes or they so cute look how I tie it
mom I are you look cute
oh yes I had this one last time okay
well I haven't you have that one again
then okay okay right looks like she's
pretty hard what are you doing right
wrong getting my vagina's sticky icky
does it so don't let me smell it is
happening face cleansing it's good look
at it like really close to my
amazing light in my vagina I will say
that it might be one of the most awkward
things in world I'm sitting in a room
with three women and I know all of us
are experiencing the same thing I'm
experiencing right now and we're
supposed to just sip on tea and I was on
these pages while there is steam being
shot up our holes well I'm doing it
right you've given up look at my school
you're off you're not participating and
you're not doing it right
it is oh never do this I don't
appreciate you nothing oh my god you can
leave cry I am trying my daughters
trying I'm trying real hard to see
you're trying at all
just remember things ready back on the
thing you never sweat so this is weird
for you see this is good
this is getting rid of all those
coca-cola's and all stuff you drink yeah
that's true cheering a lot okay
I mean really you're addicted now put
your feet back up their game
Oh God so wet we are officially steamed
yes over and you feel great don't you I
feel like I want to take a nap see I
feel like I went through a traumatic
experience you're my body needs to rest
you realize you beaucoup yeah okay well
we had lunch and it was delicious and
now we're done I'm gonna go home and
take a nap all right and love you boy
yeah
oh my god are you eating my foot he's
eating my foot he's eating my foot out
and my hand I'm trying to sing a sweet
song and you are eating my foot can you
be done everyone has gone to sleep and
you are there's no one left to tell your
troubles to
ooh
Oh
