okay hopefully this is better i greased
i restarted my internets and I moved
closer to the box like by a few feet
thought that that probably does anything
um hopefully no my Internet's working I
still think I know my Internet's so slow
it's like I'm not even letting my emails
I don't know what to do guys I really
want to action for you but like this is
kind of a but trying to make this work
is it better now or is it just so super
crappy and laggy you tell me Wiggles I
don't know well I don't know what's the
zoo but my cat is cute that's new okay
I'll check Twitter and see if y'all can
see this and if it's any better this is
so boring why you guys watch my
collection oh it's private
okay myself I was such a mess like I
can't do anything hold on oh my god you
know what I hate is Google+ I hate
Google+ I hate that sometimes when I'm
like trying to get into my YouTube
account
it goes like into I'm so confused
nice express I'm just a hot mess Express
edit why is it private oh my god
publish now it should freakin work tell
me if this is slower or the same or if I
should just never livestream again
because I also by the way hate the new
update on the iPhone like I feel like I
can't do anything I hate it okay
is this
working that's all I ever ask when I do
like jeans it's my thing is it's just
super crap is this any better guys I
don't know you know the internet he has
a worse time I'm fine um Francesca's
calling me hold on
how I'm doing a livestream right now
what's up y'all what's up
why are you rambling babbling idiot or
not no do you want to be on speaker your
call me bags in the middle the
livestream but I want to talk to y'all
call you a little bit I will tell
everyone you say hello for Annie pants
oh she Francesca says hello she said
tell the world I said hello okay I'll
see you tomorrow come over all day come
over early okay bye bye bye um okay that
was Francesca the girl who plays I don't
want to tell you because I like don't
know if all of you had seen haters back
off on Netflix but she's one of the
leads in haters back off when it hurts
okay um and she wants to tell him
something now I'm like so eager to know
what she wanted to say it's not working
someone said you guys love Frannie
friendlies friendlies arrives and just
good we can hear every word okay so
anyway I hope it's working so anyway I
thought I would do a livestream just for
funsies because I love you guys and um
you're my favorite people in the world
and I love doing live streams and I have
to get ready for going out tonight with
John my besties we're going to a drag
show and so I need to do my makeup and
stuff and I am alone at my house right
now
and I was like you know what I'd rather
hang out and talk to people online than
be completely alone so I'm talking to
you guys and I'm hanging out with my
cute kitty kitty he's needed cutis he
woke me up this morning by eating my ear
didn't you you little butthole are you
eating my ear to wake me up he's been
sleeping all day so now who's hyper I
love him so much
I seriously like I love cats you guys
know I love cats but like I did not know
how much like I got I got so lucky with
this guy he's like the best cat in the
world I love first of all he's a cutie
patootie like he's so cute but also he's
just like a sweetheart like he loves to
cuddle and he like doesn't like to be
alone he wants to be with people all the
time which I love and he just wants to
come sit next to you and like play and
cuddle on the queue and I just love him
so much he's such a cutie um okay so
anyway I'm going out tonight so I'm
gonna do my makeup I need anyway I am
like just in this weird space right now
because the show came out and I'm really
proud of showing I like it and I think
you guys like it but it's like the
whirlwind of the show first coming out
and everyone talking about it is like
over now and everyone's just like they
saw it and are playing at least in my
fans and I know you guys like liked it
more everyone was so supportive and I'm
really proud of it but now are in this
waiting period of like we might not get
a season two we might get season two you
have no idea there's no word at all so
we're just kind of like sitting around
and like now what I guess go on to
haters back off season one again like I
just want people to keep watching it I
don't know and anyway I just feel like
I'm in this like weird place of like
what do I do with myself
I just want to know if we can write more
stuff anyway um you guys haven't asked
me questions I will be checking Twitter
I know I say that every single time I do
like sure when you all make fun of me
cuz always say is is this working and
then I say I'm checking your tweets I'm
looking at your tweets um okay Ali said
are you going to announce the cast
members going on tour with you
okay so um I'm going on tour in January
on a big bus tour and that's where right
now I don't have any cast members going
with me but I'm gonna try to make them
because I want to be with them 24/7 I
love them so much
but in a couple weeks I have shows in
New Jersey and New York and Connecticut
and I brought it up to the cast the
video I was like hey would you guys want
like come to my shows and like be in the
show and they're like yeah maybe that's
sounds kind of cool so right now it's
nothing's confirmed yet but it's seeming
very likely but at least two of the cast
members will be there and I was so
excited
Thanks so excited to have them come and
be on stage with me and meet you guys
and if you have VIP tickets you can meet
them and ask them questions and stuff
like that so I don't want to say who is
coming it cuz nothing's confirmed yet
but as soon as it's like for sure I'll
tell you guys and you guys can get
excited cuz the cast members are they
like the coolest people I love them so
much um so yeah that is that
but seeing hallo hallo h al am sorry i
don't know how to pronounce a missus you
said funsies and why do I stand out
about why would like it makes me laugh
so hard when you guys make fun of me I
think it's so funny I don't know I said
funsies I'm an old woman like I will say
there's a difference between like poking
fun and being silly and like being mean
like today someone in the fandom was
like oh my god you're getting so old
your birthday's next month when you're
gonna start saving money for the plastic
surgery you need or something like that
I was like that's so mean like that's
not even like funny that's just rude
but sometimes it's really nice
you guys are just super funny but
everyone so well it's like a little too
harsh and I'm like girl the sass enos
the shade okay
what's the hashtag Coleen's Wi-Fi sucks
that'll be a hashtag Laura coins
couldn't said what was your favorite
episode to film and haters back off
well we didn't shoot the show like we
didn't shoot an episode by episode we
did block shooting which means we shot
the first three episodes altogether and
then we shot the second and then we shot
two episodes altogether we ship the last
services all together so what that means
it's like basically any popsicle scene
in the front yard in the first three
episodes we show up all in one day so we
were shooting three different episodes
every single day different scenes from
three different offices so every grocery
store scene you saw with Bethany in the
grocery store we shot all on the same
day any episode where I'm outside the
front yard with Patrick we shot all the
same day so we didn't shoot like an
episode a week we shot like it was
really confusing because there are some
days where I was shooting scenes from
three different episodes and I would
change my costume like six different
times and like wait okay what day are we
on this is day one okay and then five
minutes later we're doing a scene from
like two episodes later and it was
really confusing and hard to keep track
of like where we were what was going on
in the episodes so um I don't have like
a favorite episode that we shot because
it wasn't like we didn't shoot it like
that we should but my favorite scene I
don't know I really like the emotional
scenes like um those are probably my
favorite to shoot I felt I found most
really fun like as great as that is like
whenever we had an emotional scene I
just really enjoyed those because it's
not something I get to do often like I
feel like my life is all um you know
comedy and which I love but I I've never
done like an emotional scene before this
show before I filmed haters back off
I've never shot an emotional scene I've
never cried in front of the camera
before
so that was really new for me and really
fun like the first emotional scene that
I shot was the one with Emily at the end
of episode one where Emily and Miranda
had this like kind of serious
conversation and I'm crying in the scene
and I was like really nervous about it
but then once we did it like that night
I went home and I was like on a cloud I
was so happy I was like I'm cloud nine
is how much fun I had shooting that
scene um I don't know why I guess that
makes me kind of weird that I had like
fun
crying but I don't know it's just
something different something I had
never done before so those are my
favorite to shoot any any scene that was
really emotional or um like I like those
I loved shooting the Patrick Miranda
scenes yeah those are really fun I feel
like the most like the most awkward I
felt shooting scene might have been like
to see and I shot with I go okay I'm so
needy I was just about to totally change
subject in the middle of story history
the scene where I'll never forget at
Patrick and Miranda it's like the Annie
scene where we're like staring at each
other and we're like about to kiss and
then we don't I hope I'm not spoiling
anything for people but that scene is
really fun shoot it was great and Eric's
awesome but um to get ready to shoot the
scene I remember feeling so awkward
because Eric and I didn't know each
other very well yet and um and we were
shooting like they had to set up this so
each see me shoot we have a rehearsal
with the cameras and they set up the
cameras where they're supposed to be and
they look like the executive producers
and Richard look at the monitors make
sure it's how they want it and so they
knew they wanted to shoot through our
faces and like in the background you
could see Uncle Jim and they had to keep
setting up the shot and so Eric and I
decide to like stand this close to each
other for like a long time while they're
like setting up the cameras and I didn't
realize how awkward I was until we
watched the footage like all the raw
footage from that day because they're
filming so you can see us like they're
like okay clan Eric stand closer so we
can like framing the shot and they're
gonna really scary each other and I'm
just like
even make a normal face because I was so
comfortable I wasn't going like this I
was like like making these embarrassing
faces at him because I was just so
awkward
didn't know him well and you're like
this close to his face but anyway that
I'll never forget that but anyway the
scene was really fun to shoot and for
some reason when I'm in the scene I
don't feel awkward or uncomfortable at
all I can cry and I can scream and I can
umm be gross and eat gross food but as
soon as like they still cut I like I'm
like I'm just uncomfortable I don't know
it's weird to explain but I when we were
shooting the scene I didn't feel awkward
it was just like prior to shooting the
scene I was like oh this is kind of
weird though but that makes it ah it's
all fun it's like the whole experience
is so neat for me but I think my
favorite scenes to shoot are like the
emotional ones with like the serious
ones were really fun those really long
when the dancer limas is Joey said if
there's a season 2 will you still eat
froze toes or different gross like ice
cream I love you so much there's like an
ongoing joke in the writers room with me
because I would always write in Miranda
eating something disgusting and one of
the things that just came in like like
grab wouldn't know you're being a jerk
like you were just in cute and sweet Ely
came up and like just like patted my leg
like you just wanted to say hello I love
you ok ok um anyway Wilson oh they
always be funny in the resin they're
like why are you writing these gross
eating scenes for yourself um they're
like you are writing like you have the
abilities to choose to not do these
gross eating scenes with popsicles and
whatnot
but I think it's funny and like I I love
the froze toes um scenes like I think
it's so gross and weird that I'm like
slurping on this popsicle and the froze
toast is just the grossest one that we
could think of but it also was a
possible that Christopher and I ate all
the time growing up you know Fleming
anyway
so yeah and if we did get a season 2
which would be awesome but who knows
what will happen if we're lucky enough
to get a season 2 of course there's
gonna be froze toes come on
that's like Miranda's favorite treat so
it's that and meat so there will be lots
of eating still in in season 2 I'm sure
with me which I will probably think I'm
crazy for doing on the writer in the
writers room but um yeah I think those
scenes are really funny and weird and
like even the scene where I'm eating the
banana we wrote that scene halfway
through shooting so we had been shooting
the show for a while and then we were
rewriting some scenes in Episode six and
that was one of the scenes really
writing and I wrote in that Miranda was
eating a banana and and like ate the
whole thing else I come and eat this
whole thing it's two seconds flat and
like put tried to put that in the
episode and the other writers really
clean why are you doing this stop
writing it scenes where you're eating
you're getting sick on set because when
you're on set you have to eat like a
million because you do so many different
takes you do the close-up you're why do
you do to shot you do all these
different tapes and every and you do
like four of each like angle and so you
end up eating so much of whatever if
you're eating in that scene and so I got
really sick like anytime I had to eat I
would eat you know like fifty cinnamon
rolls or fifty popsicles in a day and so
anyway they all would make funny but I
for sure I care more about the show
turning out great then I care about me
feeling sick for a day and so obviously
I love the froze toes I think it's a
cute storyline with Patrick and Miranda
and so first this will certainly be in
future episodes if we're lucky enough to
get a season two and I'll just have to
get sick and I don't care like I would
gladly get sick to do a season two I
will eat things and be sick all day
every day on set and bring it on I don't
care um so yeah I hope we get to do that
that'd be awesome but no I don't make
sure you get another props if I think
froze toes is gonna be her thing what
point your next question
Lucy said will there be a viewing party
of the second episode I love knowing all
the secrets in the first one I want to I
thought that was really fun to do I want
to do viewing a party of every single
episode until you guys secrets behind
the scenes stuff so I hope we can do
that soon Carly said does Gus Gus behave
when he socializes with other cats he's
never socialized with another cat so I
don't know how it was gonna be Evan said
was the neighborhood that Miranda's
house was in a real neighborhood in her
Coover yes it was so one part that was
really fun about the whole process of
like this show and doing this whole
thing like my swamp Queen Todd I don't
know how I'm gonna do my makeup tonight
something quick and easy girl one of the
coolest parts of the process was like
finding Miranda's house and finding all
the sets really the inside of the house
was built like we've built the inside of
the house on a soundstage
so anytime we're inside that is not from
the neighborhood
but we needed an outside of the house
and so how that process started is while
we were still in the writers room in LA
writing the show we would send the
scripts to the production company in
Vancouver and they would read the script
okay this episode has a grocery store
this episode has Patrick and right
outside so we need the outside of a
house so they started searching for
things they would ask us up here would
he want the house to look like and we
sent them reference photos of like my
childhood home and other places that we
thought would look kind of like
Miranda's house and then they went out
and searched and we got sent hundreds of
pictures of different houses and got to
kind of pick our favorites and what
happened actually was there was one
house we we went out scouting one day
when I went up to Vancouver for
pre-production so I went up before we
started shooting to like look at all the
different places we could potentially
shoot at and they found this one houses
they thought we would love and in the
pictures we loved it we got to the house
in person in this neighborhood in
Vancouver
and I saw it and I was like I don't like
it this isn't it and we we are gonna
shoot the show in like a week and they
thought like this is gonna be the house
when we got there I was like I don't
think this is the house I just doesn't
look right it's I don't think this is
Moran's house we have to keep looking
and um so start walking down the street
and I saw the house that we ended up
using Miranda's house and I was like
that's her house like I just I just knew
it I saw this random house on the street
knows like that is Miranda's house I
know it is I mean got Christopher I was
like this is it he's like that's it like
we found the house and wanted and the
production company was like uh we don't
have access to that house I don't know
we can get that house so they like when
he had to ask you know the owner is its
shoot there and all his stuff and there
was a big chance we weren't gonna get it
which would have sucked cuz like when I
saw that house I was like this is
Miranda's house like I just knew like it
looks exactly how I pictured Miranda's
house to look but yeah it isn't a real
neighborhood in Vancouver and yeah they
shot they like block down they block the
street for a while we're shooting and
whatever um anyway I'm getting very
distracted I'm having a hard time like
talking and putting on my same time um
actually I'm gonna answer this one
transparent Justin said what is Miranda
sings middle name so in the show we
almost reveal Miranda's last name in an
episode because I've never told anyone
what were and his last name is and
originally in the original script I said
what Miranda's last name was and then
when like a couple I think it was like
the day before we shot the scene in the
bandits episode for Miranda he's trying
she's like practicing her show and she
says her last name and then Patrick says
Miranda you should come up with a stage
name in and then and she comes up with
meringue sings
so what's funny is like the day before
we shot that scene I just got cold feet
I was like I don't want people knowing
where I'm his last name like I don't I
don't think we should do that I I want
to keep it a secret like there's a
couple things I like to keep the secret
with Miranda and her last name is one of
them and the other things for age and so
um I was like I just I don't want to do
that line like we have to read
like this and so we started thinking of
what we could do and how it could
rewrite it so we gave mine a middle name
and the line was I will tell you now
Miranda's middle name is Joanne what but
yeah it's Miranda Joanne and then her
last name and so in that scene I go my
name is Miranda Jo and then who cuts me
off so everyone thinks that Mariah's
last name starts with Jo because in that
scene I start to say Joanne but it's not
that's not her last name her middle name
is Chile and the reason for that is
because my grandmother's name is Joanne
or was join it still I guess and she
passed away from breast cancer um maybe
like five or six years ago and she's
like an incredible incredible woman and
like paid for my voice lessons a lot
growing up and was so supportive of me
in my career and was just like the most
amazing woman in the universe and I
really looked up to her and my grandpa
and so I'm what I needed to come up with
a middle name for Miranda I was like oh
I want to name her after my grandma so
Miranda's little name is Joanne uh
Miranda the middle taste Miranda oh my
grandma
Miranda's middle name is Joanne which is
named after my grandma that is that
story yeah I have never revealed
Miranda's last name so there's that
mm-hmm oh my god
Ava cookies and Colleen said is discuss
dressing up for Halloween and no but no
I feel like he has to are there costumes
for cats I feel like you would hate it
um but I think that's a really good idea
the lighting in here is so bad I cannot
see what I'm doing at all um
I would love to dress gus-gus up I don't
know what I'm gonna be I think I think I
want to be Bethany from haters back off
um what I want you guys well first of
all every year a lot of people dress up
like Miranda which is so freaking cool
and flattering and like it
trying to see like people dressing
Miranda for Halloween but I'm so excited
to see if anyone dresses up like Patrick
or or Bethany or Uncle Jim like that
will be so cool to see if like people
are dressing up like the characters from
the show I will like die so um if you do
please take pictures and send them to me
because I will die if anyone dresses up
like those characters but you know what
she Gus Gus be maybe Gus Gus could be
Miranda be Gus Gus for Halloween I'm not
gonna be a cat for Halloween
um Kaitlyn so what high school did you
film at some Thai High School in Canada
um in Vancouver we found this really
cool high school actually loved it like
when I left I was like I wish I went to
school here and I was in high school
what my eyebrows like way too big girl
I'm gonna just look crazy today yeah I
got high school we went at we check we
checked on a bunch of different high
schools to shoot at the high schools
only in episode one and we chose we
looked at a bunch of different schools
but that one was my favorite and it was
like a performing arts it wasn't a
performing arts high school but they had
like tons of performing arts stuff there
so like all the students could
participate in like theater and in and
in set design and they like how to cool
shadow program so while we are on set
they're like when you're shooting they
had some of the people from their
theater program who were like shadowing
our crew so they had like students from
the high school who got to like fall
around the director all day and fall
around the 18 um just you know like my
eyebrows do not like they look crazy in
this live stream and in person they
don't at all so I don't know why I think
it's the lighting but like I promise
they don't look as crazy as it looks in
this live stream anyway um I thought
that was super cool like I was really
excited about like shooting at a high
school that did something like that
because that's something that I wish I
could have done growing up and in high
school I thought that was super awesome
girl
crazy I'm going to drag show so it's
fine I can have big eyebrows anyway next
June something's going to losing viewers
by the second it was like it this is so
boring Riley said did you actually kiss
Patrick on Episode seven we mean yes I
mean we couldn't like like you saw it so
I don't know how I could have faked it
like I did put my lips on his lips in
episode 7 um that's funny I don't really
know what you mean by that question yes
Alyssa said how is your shoulder doing
thank you for asking
it's okay I it's getting better but
yesterday Gabi from Gabi show came over
and um she and I did this cool video
that's probably coming out really soon
on her channel but it was rough and I
was pretty sore after that like I'm not
supposed to be doing anything strenuous
and I definitely did strong those things
um so that was a little stupid of me
it seemed good I thank you okay Emily
said is it possible for you to do
meet-and-greet pictures as yourself
first and then changing to Miranda for
the more fantasize shows so I've been
seeing some requests for this lately so
here's the sitch oh my god Who am I came
possible um okay anyway I'm out of
eyeliner guys this is like my son
saddest moment I'm out of eyeliner and
out of my favorite foundation
I'm just the drama in my life um anyway
I get this question a lot so what she's
talking about is that my meet and greets
and my live shows I do a Q&A as me so I
come out
on stage as me and you guys can ask me
questions and we talk about whatever you
want like you can ask you literally
anything you want and it's super fun and
it's actually like one of my favorite
parts of touring is getting to do these
Q&A and talk to you guys and like I just
love it it's like so much fun
and anyway after that I change into
Miranda and oh my god my eyeliner looks
so bad oh my god I'm horrified what am i
doing sorry I need to concentrate for
once again this looks terrible you I get
myself this is so embarrassing
hey eyeliner oh my god this looks awful
well that looks really bad that looks
really bad well this question so anyway
the people have asked me to like take
pictures as me at the mean greets and
not as Miranda because the mean great
photo like the professional photo you
guys get it's me in character but the
majority of people want a picture with
Miranda like that's what people want a
picture with and so it doesn't make
sense for me to take pictures with you
guys as me when most people want
Miranda pictures so I don't know what to
do because I'm starting to get more
requests to like do the photographs as
me but I can't do both it would take too
long to do I mean great and photos as
both you know to me so I don't know what
to do
cuz there's been a few shows where
people have been like no we wanted
pictures of Colleen but I feel like I
smile like Colleen like for pictures if
you want me to like you can come up to
me and say like I want to smile as
yourself and I will so I don't know all
I know is that my I know it's terrible
and I'm like really embarrassed that I'm
it looks like this it's all I can think
about right now how bad my eyeliner
looks like it's just so crooked and
horrible Oh gross
all I want right now is Pizza all I can
think about in the back of my eyeliner
looks like trash next question okay okay
so then okay Becca just said it would be
the clean fans first and then the more
famous but here's the deal like how am I
going to like then that's weird too like
that's awkward to be like okay you Q&A
is me and then be like okay who wants a
picture with Colleen Cuenca picture with
Miranda but you can't do both like
because we wouldn't have time to do both
so we'd have to do like set up the
camera take pictures with like a third
of the people there as me and then
change into manga
and then set up the camera and
everything again and then how we gonna
monitor who already got a picture and
who is gonna try to get pictures of both
like it's just confusing and it's like
it just muddies things so I don't know I
I don't know I don't know what to do
because I know what you're saying like
I've seen a lot of requests from people
to do like the pictures is me and I
don't know what to do because I want you
guys to be happy like it's your VIP
ticket and it's your picture and I want
you guys to be really happy when you
come and feel like you've got your
money's worth and are satisfied I just
saw I don't know how to make everyone
happy it's like I don't know what to do
mm okay Madison Telfer said are the VIP
tickets for the Vegas show
meet-and-greet as well I must know Queen
sorry for being super annoying you're
not super annoying you're wonderful and
yes if you get VIP ticket it means to me
greed the VIP means is usually like the
best seats in the house
so you get a really good seat for the
actual show and it also means you get to
come in and almost every single show
it's before the show and you get to come
in and do a Q&A with me and if you're
coming to the east coast shows he's do
Q&A with some of the cast which looks
really cool and and then the pictures so
that is what that is I just got more of
this like new mascara that I really like
I'm really
on it and everyone online makes fun of
me when I use it because it makes my
eyelashes look like spiders and I just
got mascara on my island so there's a
lot of information or not here right now
but Michael Lynn said do the magic of
makeup video so you can be both Rand and
Clint same time I did that go check it
out on my channel that was a really fun
video to do it was super weird to see
Mike like half my faces Miranda and half
my face is me so go check it oh okay
someone asked about which this always
gets brought up at live streams the road
to Miranda documentary listen I know you
guys have been wanting to see that
documentary we filmed it over a year ago
we filmed it last August so in the
documentary I'm like maybe my show and
it picked up my necklace and now my show
is already out on Netflix like in the
span of time that I went on that tour
now I'm like the show I've already
written the show filmed the show out of
the show and it's out on Netflix so I
know it's frustrating I'm frustrated too
it was ready to come out and it was
about to come out and then stuff
happened and now it's we're working on
it so um I don't know I don't I don't
know it might come out soon
there's I would love her to come out
soon but it also might be a situation
where we like someone new one and
because it's like so out of date now
like it's so like all everything in that
documentary is like so my life is so
different now from a year and a half ago
when we shot it so I don't know
hopefully you can come out soon but
right now it's not coming out anytime
soon I don't know what to tell ya um
we'll see hopefully you guys
yeah in the meantime you can just watch
hitters back off my Netflix okay
so just keep watching at how do i buy
yeah he's still not bad um fab Bailey
said are you wearing Lilly's gorilla for
a few key bracelet yes I am she gave me
one when she came over the other day
this is your live stream is down how did
it turn off look at duska thank you tell
John I love him I will when I see him
are you more coins Corner 2017 yeah
doing it worked cleans corner even this
year like I'm gonna do tons of coins
corners I used to do them every snow
Tuesday but I feel like I've been doing
coding corner for so long that I've
answered literally every question you
could ever ask so um it's hard to find
questions that are like interesting
enough to put in two coins corner it's
like I don't know how her time with that
but even like interviews like tell us
something you've never told anyone
before and I'm like yeah literally told
everyone everything about my life and
who I am and every secret is on the
internet already so it's hard to like
come up with stuff to say and questions
to answer
Adam so please some of you have a note
explaining the lingerie my parents gonna
be concerned
I still haven't sent it but I do have it
um and I was supposed to send it out
this week and I didn't so I'm really
good at my job
I already know you want me to write a
note to your parents so I did a live
stream months ago and gave away a green
dress a shirt that has like the tacos on
it or something and lingerie and I still
need to send this out to
winners and I will I promise I'm just a
slacker makeup done
look at my spider eyelashes everyone
makes fun of my survivor lashes the
spider lash put some gloves on girl okay
I have to do my hair cuz girl how long
did it take to film shows from Eric B it
took us two months to film it took three
months to edit and it took four months
or something crazy to like actually
physically write the episodes but we've
been developing the show for years
before that so took years and using us
to actually make the show but it took
two months to shoot it shooting the show
is my favorite part
like I love for me like I got to be
involved in every step of the process
I'm gonna get my tea like I wrote at the
show not by myself we have birth writers
who are amazing wrote the show produced
the show created the show starting the
show so I got to be a part of like every
step of the way which was really cool
and really fun and I definitely have
like favorite parts my favorite all-time
favorite thing in the whole world okay
my parent part of my job in general I
think probably is touring like I love
being on tour and being upstaged meeting
guys it's like my number one thing I'll
always do it for the rest of my life
it's my favorite it looked like I had
like really big bags under my eyes
like this is not a good look I also
think I have more blush on one side than
the other
um anyway but then I like shooting the
show so I like acting and producing and
being on set like that is my favorite
like it is so much fun and it's just
like so rewarding like I don't know I
just love it I feel so fulfilled and
like my heart like every night I went to
bed after like being on sets like 18
hours no sleep like no breaks no much
breaks like it was like insane most days
were crazy um and it I've never been
like happier like I would go home to my
little apartment and the Cooper
and just go to sleep with a smile on my
face because I felt so happy and so
fulfilled in my job and so that was
really cool so it goes for me goes being
on set is like my top I want to be on
set every day for the rest of my life
then right underneath that is writing
love writing like it's so much fun to
sit in a room and create and like even
yesterday Christopher my brother came
over who's my co-writer and we were
writing out like just getting ideas out
for season two in case if we get to do
in that's really cool but if not it was
just good to get it out of our brains
cuz I haven't been able to sleep in the
last week because my mind is just racing
thinking about season two and what
happens next and so I just needed to get
it out of my brain and so so fun to do
that I love writing so it goes for me
produce a star like being on set and
producing and acting it's my favorite
and then writing is where I'm gonna make
that and then underneath that is
probably like I guess it's editing I
don't know it's a toss-up between
editing and press are like my two least
favorite things with this whole process
like I I'm really uncomfortable doing
press I don't I really don't like it and
um so that's hard I don't really enjoy
that side of this job but I do I don't
know but it's all part of it so I don't
wanna like complain and then editing was
really hard like editing being in a room
a dark room every day for months and
just it was just hard it was really
really hard um but I would I mean I
can't wait to do it again and like I
really want to do it again I hope it's
do it again but if not like hopefully I
can write something different and make
another you know TV show or movie or
something else so we'll see what happens
I really hope you get a season 2 don't
really want to tell you guys what
happens after the final episode because
episode 8 and something like this crazy
situation and moment and I mean I know
what happens next
um and I want to tell you guys so bad I
want to share that I want to show you
the story so I'm really hoping to see
Darrell said will would you release a
full recorded version of defying gravity
mmm probably not I didn't really even
want to do what we did like okay so at
the end of episode 1 during the credits
it's me singing defying gravity and I
was like nah I did not want that like I
didn't want me in the show at all like I
was like this is a show about Miranda
this is not a show where I'm like oh but
listen to me like I just was so against
that idea and the other executive
producer said I would be really cool and
honestly the only reason I decided to do
it was because I knew you guys would be
like be excited about it like the people
who've come to my live shows for so many
years and seeing me sing that lives and
I just knew it would like mean a lot to
the fans and so I was like okay not that
I'm like oh my voice is a gift to the
world but just like I thought like oh
you know this might be something fun to
the fans cuz like a random viewer who
watches Netflix who doesn't know who
Marin is it doesn't know anything about
me wouldn't hear the credits and be like
who's that singing with nowhere does it
say this is colleen ballinger singing
this song like the only way you would
know it was me is if you know me and you
know my voice so um yeah that's the only
reason I agreed to do it I was like it's
not showing me it's not sure my face I'm
not crediting me it's just you just hear
a girl singing to find gravity and like
the only people who'll know who it is is
my fans it was like a special little
thing for you guys but I don't know we
only recorded like that part of the song
that you can hear in the credits we
didn't record the whole song um cuz I
didn't want to but I was in the middle
of like editing show so I was like I
went I was editing like early in the
morning and then within the middle of
the day go to the recording studio to
edit or to sing and record to find
gravity and all I wanted to do with the
fact in the editing room and working on
the show like I didn't care about
singing and all that I wanted to be
working on haters back off so um I don't
know I don't think I would I don't like
I don't have a recording studio voice
like some people can go onto recordings
do and sing and they're just like
perfect and flawless that's not my style
like I have a very like musical theater
voice I I just I'm not I'm like a live
performer like I like to sing on a stage
in front of people but like getting in a
recording studio is so not I don't know
I I'm just not comfortable I don't know
I just I don't have really any interest
in like recording anything as me
I don't like think I would enjoy it um
Emma said how did you not just laugh the
whole time while filming I did actually
I'm going to show you a clip I want to
show you guys a clip of me laughing and
maybe I'll tweet it after this but first
okay so if you guys want to see me
laughing really hard and a blooper I
haven't shown you it to anybody
tweet the links of this live stream
right now and this will be like the end
of the live stream and I'll show it to
you guys so tweet the link to the live
stream and um maybe if we get up to like
4000 viewers or something I'll do it
I'll show you guys oh let's see
Oh TIFF can you tell us which scene was
the one filmed in a haunted house so if
you watched my vlogs while I was in
Canada you would know that like we
filmed or I guess it was just on Twitter
I said like we're shooting in a haunted
place today one day when we're on say
there's a vlog coming up soon so every
Monday I'm doing Miranda Mondays on
cycle soprano and um I'm posting behind
the scenes footage of the show and
there's a vlog coming out soon but I
don't remember which it might be this
Monday or the next Monday I can't
remember but there's a random Monday
where it's all at this haunted insane
asylum and we got to shoot there all day
and it was scary
like it was a really scary scary place
um but that's a lot of people I guess
shoot there and so we shot the scene the
PAS spittle scene so when Patrick's in
the hospital bed and when Bethany's in
hospital beds like anything that's shot
at the hospital was shot at this insane
asylum and in between takes we would go
and like explore and try to find ghosts
and stuff and I filmed it all so it's
gonna go up on my channel pretty soon
but we also shot um Emily when Emily's
at the art conservatory conservatory and
she's like finds her she like pulls out
her paintings and something bad happened
I don't wanna go with any spoilers but
when that scene was shot up the hospital
- so that was all shot the same day and
this stuff in the doctor's office with
Bethany so any stuff where Bethany's and
the doctor's office that was also shot
at the insane sound I shot a lot there
um gucchi one to two months that I'm
watching hears back off right now that's
awesome thank you um Emily I feel like
I've answered 803 questions but what is
the weirdest meet-and-greet picture
posed a fan has requested on tour I got
I've done some weird poses usually
people want something generic but also
way back in the day we used to do crazy
stuff where people are kicking me up or
I pick them up or we get on their back
and all this stuff but then I got the
shoulder injury so now we try to keep it
safe also I like fallen a few times
stuff so like we now it's just like more
Aaron poses like you can make silly
faces but I think my favorite meeting
great picture that I've ever taken was
Francesca the girl who plays Emily on
haters back off came to one of my shows
and her character was still a secret no
one knew about her in the show and so
she wanted to come but we didn't want
anyone to know who she was so she sat at
the meet greet and acted like she was
just a guest like a someone who got a
ticket in Kamath show and she came up on
stage and took a picture with me as
Miranda and just was like pretending to
be just like a fan who came to the show
but really we were like really good
friends and we spent months together in
Vancouver shooting the show and stuff so
that's probably like my favorite and
it's on the Miranda Facebook page if you
go to the Thousand Oaks VIP pictures
you'll find pictures of Francesca and me
on there that's Ashley where is the
blooper I'll show you the blooper motek
which episode of haters back off is your
favorite I think John's here John I'm
doing a live stream I'm in my room I'm
doing a live stream
I just eat my face for tonight you have
the same as you always do quite honestly
yeah currently it likes you no why
what's up we don't need to leave until
9:30 girl mama needs to sleep wipe that
whitens away because like the actual
event should be burnt like what no yeah
welcome to Michael Ivins it's this what
the youngins do these days yeah tell her
this she's not this old you were a ripe
age of 29 that is so so we're gonna when
do we get only three yeah well if you've
never done that
I know I know I know but like last night
I'm not ladylike to make it a row oh do
it my god
okay that smells really good is that
telling that better yeah what's in it I
feel like it's gonna be like a put on
like banana and some like soy protein
well you're not even taste it so what's
happening nothing I'm just like I was
about to get up but what happened
can you explain to me what's happening
is I was having okay this is a live
stream so people are watching us live
right now take your clothes off they
would see you naked and I couldn't edit
it out so I mean you can go for it if
you want to what are people talking to
you at the same time yeah they're like
tweeting me right now sweetie we think
she's old because she doesn't want to
stay out tonight really yes come here
that's dis plenty of times okay what do
you think when what it was you and
John's reaction to the roof call
all-stars - I didn't haven't finished is
it over yes Alaska she's gonna be there
tonight 20 minutes when we go to the
event with Alaska what do you think we
were talking about Alaska today yeah I
was like gee I've worked with detox
that's what I have to say about her okay
grandma live your life thank you
discuss this like Miranda I don't think
so
I mean how cute he's being right now
though they come on cookie I'm
incredibly allergic to cat
in my crotch I know even though I'm
going to break out any severe rash in
about 30 seconds I'm deathly allergic to
cats but I just hear let's sing it I
need to show them this Bluebird I
promise my weapon Gus say hello I was at
Barry's boot camp
oh how embarrassing my Barry's bootcamp
really feeling myself no berries and in
the car I'm getting and the instructor
is parts of next week he's like hey man
it caught me Matthews so kudos okay
Matthew good classes like thanks may
turn on my car and blasting and I cannot
turn the office never get a man video
I'm going to show you guys a blooper
right now I promise and oh here this ok
maybe I'll post it later can you see
this okay so this is the scene in the
mattress store and he I know my dad was
there so Steve little example Jim it's
the funniest improper like every time
you can plug anything else that I would
like cry from laughter and so he was in
propping him the scene about the
pleasure it is to have a nice and how
it's incredible and he's just going on
and on and on and he ended up kissing me
on the forehead and I just wasn't
expecting it it took me so off guard and
I had just shot the final scene of the
show where I'm like bawling for like
four hours I was so I was emotionally
just a mess and this is like
I was so tired
okay love you guys
