you can shove your balls into hey guys
welcome to my day this is how it started
I'm gonna vlog today I have a lot going
on but first I need to get this off of
my face oh yeah um so it's a few hours
later I am working watching videos
editing uploading all that jazz and look
how cute he was watching YouTube videos
with me earlier he's so sweet oh my god
moving for Ricky to come over because
we're gonna do a little carpool karaoke
thing for his channel Jim really excited
about this super fun it'll be good to
see him he's one of the sweetest people
in the world yeah and I'm just kind of
chilling it home today doing work and
Allah I did a live stream is Miranda
then I did a live stream as me which got
a little too real um and now I am doing
that wait what's going on
okay Amy I love you guys and I'll see
you in a second with Ricky what up guys
look who's here hello I'm so happy the
sweetest man in the universe the
sweetest man on YouTube seriously and he
got to me Oh No thank God cats have nine
lives because I just killed my cat yes
eight no now he has eight he's
officially gonna die
give me the money he's okay but we
almost named Gus Gus Oliver is the name
of Ricky's dog yeah so we almost had the
same named pet but I changed to Gus Gus
cuz sometimes he looks a little derpy
and he needs a durp name mrs. Gus Gus
he's with Uncle Phil to take him home
don't you're no reunion howdy-ho so it's
the end of the night it's like 9:30
almost who's late um
Heather's here now and uh we're waiting
for you home we want to go do mini golf
or something fun so look we made it out
of the house it's almost 10 p.m.
and the council
you
yeah
normally when you go mini-golfing
there's like tons of cute like things to
play with and here
this is the only one to have all the
entire forces like the Jing kiyose war
like nasty course and this is the only
like few things that you can shove your
balls and to let's do it
I promise to do thy hair every night
before bed and choose your outfits for
World War II I promise to go to every
family function with you and pretend
like we have beautiful boys do you take
Heather to be you're fired
beard I do and Heather do you take Boyd
to be okay
I do you may now awkwardly kissed each
other yes well that was the Jane kissed
mini golf course in the world but it was
nice get out of the house last night I
was sitting at home all night and I was
just getting like depressed and sad and
I needed to go out and do something
tonight to keep my mind off of life so
luckily I have kick butt friends can we
go mini golfing with me at 10:30 at
night and cheat the whole time you cheat
not me
I definitely cheated Heather definitely
cheated oh right everything I got it in
the hole one no we cheated it the entire
Heather and Cory got married they did so
much has happened tonight we've skipped
all the ugly holes would only pick one
yeah yeah we skip two petrols we get
that we do that one anyway ha ha ha ha
thanks for watching guys hope you liked
this vlog I'll see you soon
Oh
