how many live streams can a girl do in a
day
uh I think I'm live um I don't know why
I'm doing 400 live streams today I tried
to do a live stream on the rabbit
channel and I wasn't allowed to very
frustrating so um I'm just going to do
one on my blog channel um no I'm gonna
promote it or anything it's just for
like super fans who happen to fall upon
this live stream wonder if it's even
working or if it's even like public
trouble check on that um but I'm gonna
make them write a video and I honestly
like I always love making videos I love
working and I post it I've already
posted like a bajillion videos today um
hold on let's see I don't think it's
working actually let's see this one you
can render sizes on there's no I'm
watching it oh it's private my god I'm
such an idiot
okay now it should be public making a
marine the video so anyway um yeah I
wanted to do a livestream now thats
Publix I'm so stupid
what under New York burp um is it public
now you won't want to page as for likes
others people here now there's only way
31 people watching that's plenty
um so I wanted all this the receptionist
so so it's so bad I wonder if you guys
can even see me like my internet is so
so so bad so someone write Internet um I
need to make him write a video like
desperately I wanted to do livestream
today's Miranda but for some reason
YouTube um I just went on my Twitter and
the first thing that I see is a tweet
from someone that says not a fan of
the series it doesn't capture the
original Miranda that made us all laugh
okay great thing to open up my letter to
today thanks for the comment I just
don't understand why someone would like
tag me in that like I get that people
won't like the show and might not be a
big fan of it like you're totally good
like it's not for everybody it's a weird
show we took a lot of risks with it we
shot it really strange we used different
kind of music we used different kind of
angles it's weird comedy so like going
into it I knew a lot of people wouldn't
get it and would think it was too weird
for them or not what they're expecting
so I knew that before we made the show
so it's not a surprise to me that there
are some people who don't like it like I
get it however I will never understand
someone who wants to say that to me and
not a constructive criticism way like
it's not like he was saying like I mean
I guess I don't even know what I would
expect someone like I just I would never
do that like I would never go to someone
who worked really hard on something for
many many years and be like I hated that
it sucked like okay I get you don't like
it then just don't like it and you can
go watch something else like why do you
need to tag me and tell me I hated the
thing you worked on for years I just
will never understand that like it's so
weird I just don't get it like and it's
one thing when it's like a review like
that's their job to review my show so if
they don't like it and they put up a
review that they don't like the show
that's their career like they need to do
that but to go on Twitter or go on my
youtube or whatever and take the time to
try to make me feel bad about something
I worked really hard on like that's
something that I just don't get like I
just will never understand that and it's
part of the Internet as part of my job
so it comes with it and it you know I
get hate all the time but um it's just
so weird to me to go and that was from a
fan that was from someone who was like
this didn't show me the Miranda that
made us all laugh and um I don't know
it's just so interesting like it's and
I'm sorry you didn't like it
sir that's that's okay it's like you
don't have to like it if you like
Miranda
like memoranda videos you can watch my
Miranda videos on YouTube you don't have
to watch the Netflix show um yeah I just
I will never understand the like the
thought process behind contacting
someone personally and trying to hurt
their feelings about something that they
worked hard on that's so weird to me um
it didn't work my feelings are not hurt
I am very proud of my show and I it's
exactly what I wanted it to be and
that's I wasn't trying to make a show
that would please everybody I was trying
to make a show that I would really like
and I was proud of and that's what I did
and so um if you don't like it that's
totally fine and that's your opinion and
that's everyone's allowed to have their
own opinion of the show that's totally
wonderful but I just don't understand
like I would never go to that person's
Twitter and tweet them and be like I did
not like the tweet you posted yesterday
it was did not make me laugh like why
even say anything then just don't laugh
at it go do something else like I don't
get it but anyway um I need to film
around a video um and I thought if I
live streamed I'm doing this live stream
this is just I'd not even promoting this
live streaming this is just for fun and
this is um I mean all my live streams
are for fun but I'm not trying to like
get people to watch and like comment and
all that stuff I'm just doing this for
fun and also to kind of motivate myself
to work right now because I'm in like an
e mail quiet zone mode right now like
all I want to do is like do email work
and be alone and um I don't know I've
been in a weird mood the last 24 hours
so I just kinda want to be alone and be
a little hermit um but I think it's
healthy for me to talk to you guys a lot
because you make me happy and um when
I'm feeling bummed out I like to
interact with you and live streaming is
the best way that I feel like I can
interact with you and I need to make
Miranda videos usually I stockpile my
videos so I have videos ready for the
week and I did not do that for this week
because last week was so busy the press
for haters back off that I didn't do
that and so um I need to fill Miranda
videos and I really didn't want to do it
today I was like I just don't do it so I
just did a live stream frustrated
because I wanted to do the live stream
as Miranda on my youtube channel and for
some reason YouTube has blocked me from
making lunch
on Miranda's channel and I don't know
why and so I had to do it on Facebook
and so now I need to make a video for
Miranda to post today which is crazy
because in an hour I have a meeting and
then in two hours so when I look I have
a meeting at two o'clock
I'm coming clad with Ricky Dillon which
were excited about and then after that I
have to edit and post videos for the
rest of the week but I need to film and
get a video up for Miranda like
immediately cuz normally I post by noon
and it's already noon um oh my god this
is so boring you guys really care who
cares but anyway I'm going to film a
video right now I don't know if I'm
gonna be able I posted a video on the
random channel that was kind of like hey
haters back off was out but I'm gonna
post a minute film video I might not
post this today maybe I'll post this on
Thursday but um I need to film random
videos I also recently look at I'm so I
cannot focus um when asked my mom my
momma um my mama is in my house right
now and she got me hooked on ice tea I
want to see if she has one for me today
my mom is incredible and she has been
living with me for like two weeks three
weeks but she's been my roomie and it's
been awesome to have her here and to
have someone just amazing with me all
the time and to encourage me and support
me and love me and just she's just
amazing I love my mom so much she's
incredible uh so she's been keeping me
sane and she's been taking care of me
and um yeah she's awesome so she's here
right now she's somewhere in the house
and she's been getting me hooked on I
see like hooked and so um I used to be
obsessed with coke and I drink coke like
every five seconds and now I'm feisty
okay what is going on my girl up
bracelet is too wrapped around my oh
there's something else I need to do oh
my god don't go anywhere
I got new
Hannah Harbach so I need to I forgot um
i snapchatted it but i want to take a
picture that for instagram for her seem
so I should be filming a video already
and I'm just doing this okay and I
wasn't joking yeah Instagram both of
them hold on I'll do it with both see
how this goes
so you guys I see this one Instagram
later and you like to watch the picture
happen okay cool now you decide instead
later anyway okay um I'm gonna make a
video do other things I'm taking
pictures I stalk about whenever I'm
dressed as Miranda I dressed like
Miranda depends on the month some months
I'm dressed like Martha every single day
some months I'm dressed like right at
once a week um usually never less than
once a week though but whenever I'm
dressed like right I stockpile photos
and videos on my phone so that I can
post them later so that's what I'm doing
yeah okay okay so uh make a video just
some days I don't feel like I'm funny
like I don't know like today I don't
feel funny
I don't wanna it's hard to make people
laugh when you don't feel funny
um yeah also something weird
I'll a TD Colleen um I have my broken
shoulder of a territory cut which I talk
about all the time and I hate myself I'm
so annoying because I always talk about
it but I have this weird bruise
they came I'm at doing a livestream my
bring your shirt yes missed breakfast oh
my God my mom brought me a cup of joe
this is thank you just have for dinner
last night too I have this weird wait is
gone oh my that's gone oh no no it's so
calm down
right here is bruised I'm nowhere and
normally normally um I get bruises after
I get shots like wherever the puncture
wound is but four out of nowhere I guess
I got a bruise this big where like my
rotator cuff is and it like was totally
random and now I'm so sore burn I don't
know where it came from
I love puppy chow okay song I'm using
this in my video game do you guys know
what this is
big basically but you know what going to
school
turn me out how I want to do this okay
hmm oh my god it's so gross you okay I
think I know what I'm gonna do with that
I need a couple more changes to make
this video I have lipstick on me right
I'm already and we'll need this this is
my travel Miranda bag okay this is what
I wore to the haters back off premiere
like ten minutes before we left for the
premiere I grabbed it and had Cory hot
glue sequence to it that's waited for
the streamys last year to I had um well
I did it last year for the streamys I
like hot glued sequence to a shirt look
at my little pumpkin high money and them
you mm-hmm well don't eat the bunch up
okay so I need to get I really don't
wanna make this video right now
okay are you doing what are you doing
thumpkin here's like the shot of my
Tookie what are you doing honey look at
that face
come on with this cap he's so cute I'm
obsessed with him it's good picture okay
okay so what I need for this YouTube
video is this wig some scissors don't
eat the puppy chow crap and I mean
orange makeup which I bought and I don't
know it is this cat come on really thank
you thank you I'm so skinny work done
way being cute candidate okay normally
on a work day I do a lot more than this
and I'm like running around doing a
million things today I'm having like
major Monday syndrome right now works
don't want to do anything ah my life is
hard it's not hard I have wonderful
wonderful life
I just today or just like I had a bad
night last night I couldn't sleep my
mind was like twirling and swirling with
a million horrible thoughts and I just I
don't know I'm in a weird state of mine
right now guys um I'm in a very weird
state to find but I love you guys and I
love making videos so um
that's what I'm going to do in every
term you just need to find stairs an
orange makeup so let's see I've got
scissors right here here's the wig I set
it up so now I need got camera look at
this not feeling like doing it but I'm
gonna do it because it's important to do
the things that need to be blind my
today I need to turn into our
presidential candidates this is not
really that orange you have no child in
anything I use Museum
gosh dang I'm so pissed because I bought
really ugly orange makeup and I'm
hearted this is so annoying
what does Donald Trump and Hillary
Clinton water they were blue and red not
I have anything that will work for that
I'm curious if this lecture is even
working because usually I'm like is this
working and I like go online to look and
I haven't even looked like we have stuff
hold on I have in my closet
this blue jacket that could work and I
have I know what I have you go just wear
the blue jacket it's not very good but
okay dang I'm so pissed about this
makeup situation y'all um let me think
where could it be cuz I really wanted to
paint my face lunch maybe I have orange
paint I could do that
that word am i insane I think I might be
insane right orange
let's see I've found ten
oh wait I've found some half my kitty is
Sookie causing her have this gold it's
not very orange I want it like me out
orange maybe hey I'm going to do how it
was a turn to Donald Trump if I can turn
orange what kind of job is this let me
text my mom and see which one can paint
downstairs
is there any orange paint I'm such a
weirdo what the heck is my life and ones
like you're insane and I'm dancing um
you guys are so funny mom is checking
for orange paint I'm so lazy that I
can't just go to answer to myself like
how to drinking my iced tea
I need this cuz I have a feeling this is
going to get very messy okay
kazar going to watch me film this to me
awkward for you because it's not edited
so I'm carding camera and your battery's
gonna die
come on is Daisy long run okay
let's see I need an SD card and I think
they're all downstairs so this is just
not going for me dang this is bollocks
this is major bollocks cat oh my God why
are you so cute look look at this
perfect pumpkin
we still huge we shall change him so
much
look at this little nugget he's so
precious he's so sweet I love him so
much like he's seriously the most
incredible thing I've ever happen to me
I'm so amazing
he's a cuddle bug he makes me laugh okay
so soon my mom was like a funny thing
hey man what up
oh my god you have all paint you're the
best so Joanna yeah
this is perfect Thank You Shawn um could
you run my backpack monsters - do we get
anything else from this um yeah um yeah
thanks mom
got orange and live streaming in I'm
gonna clone right away at the same time
um so bothered camera bag gosh I have a
meeting
45 minutes holy smokes I'm sorry guys uh
I haven't even checked anything else yet
today sure everyone's like wow I know
this most boring livestream on planet
Earth sorry guys this is what it's like
to hang out with me boring just me
working and spazzing stressing about
everything on planet press hits oh God
so okay so we get emails from Netflix
every day with whatever press came out
about the show and it stresses me out so
much I always just like open it and
close it like I don't even read the
press because I'm so scared people are
just going to write about much they hate
my show um what
other oh my god thanks mom here thanks P
okay here we go
really die okay you go husband's it's
one of those days it's one of those days
where everything goes wrong and you
gotta try to stay positive
oh no my camera keeps doing this thing
where it just turns off like out of
nowhere
also my computer squash guy this is one
of those days guys it's one of those
things where it's like little annoying
things keep happening they're brought
like ruin your life and make things
really difficult but none of the things
are like big enough annoying things to
like make you go like Oh such a bad day
it's just like all these little things
like I couldn't find the or to paint
when I needed it and I couldn't find the
C card and then my computer sighing the
cameras keeps bugging out not working on
nice reps using our vlog camera which is
dead and so hopefully I have a charged
battery somewhere like all these like
little annoying problems that aren't
like real problems so that is what my
day is today like just a bunch of little
time problems my youtube like my youtube
channel didn't work this morning
my live stream I don't know it's just a
million little things I just got an
email from someone saying that like a
document that I signed
never got sent them and then I threw
away the original documents math - like
against a pray for Killeen first world
problems um I'm sorry you guys came to
see me have a mental breakdown so you
normally like I feel like my blogs
assault edited it maybe not even in my
live stream so I'm like really focused
in my live streams to like make sure
am I on point and organized sort of I
mean and this is what I'm actually like
just a frazzle brain hot mess you guys
are just experiencing what I'm like when
I'm usually by myself
but I can fix all these little problems
got my little computer charger you guys
don't die now I have my vlog II this
vlog II was never fill me so hopefully
when it looks ugly or - it's a worse
image okay see mom worked out with the
best here we go hey guys it's me Miranda
so today I have a really fun yeah from
guys today for how long hmm
always coming up and I do not like
Halloween is the day of the Sims I don't
approve all the holiday only people who
celebrate people Kendall cats and drink
they're blonde so I do not like
Halloween at all its force in US and
scary clowns but since you have to
celebrate whole mean someone you have to
do in school you still do it every
single year I don't want you dressing up
like hoecakes so you only have
two options this year
homie number one and just like me or
someone in my cast to go in dressed like
me yeah my sweatpants gotta get that
promo I spread shop and also um if you
want just like someone in my cast can
okay
okay some days I have a really fun idea
for another costume if you want to do it
for Halloween this year
having some really fun presidential um
in the debates now I ready for president
this year I'm sure that won't win but I
think a good thing to do is make it so
that I can win your matter once so since
right now it's Hillary Clinton Donald
Trump and me we're all competing against
each other and the race is closed so I'm
thinking if I dress like Hillary Clinton
and Donald Trump all the same time
Hillary Clinton Trump normal if I dress
like Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump
and me at the same time then I will win
no matter what so I'm going to teach you
how to do only costume that's Donald
Trump and Hillary Clinton and me so
listen or Scott pulling your hair back
now I got away that's like Hillary
Clinton but one good thing is Hillary
Clinton has very similar hair to Donald
Trump's you only need one way where
you're going to do you're going to cut
the hair on the way because AMA Trump
only has like 4 hairs so and Hillary
Clinton has lots on yours so put it on
so this time will be Hillary Clinton and
this side will be Donald Trump so I need
to cut it so that there's a lot more
hangers because he nicely is like to
turn table it's just take the airs just
gonna cut them off with your scissors
okay so freaking whopping cut the half
cent sauce
maybe scissors seriously don't laugh
this is so frustrating
there's two hairs left on the side these
scissors suck okay I wouldn't pause this
those scissors would have had anything
else someone long gone okay well these
are much better who this looks so gross
see how fun it is to make mine videos
it's just boring boring yeah see how
this looks
this one here oh it's so bad just I
think so just keep cutting off the hairs
on your Hillary Clinton link until
there's only a few left still doesn't
have any here so let's see that's like
this one
this is a prank cut Oh oh my god it was
so bad okay so here is that our Clinton
shine I got my own hair right now cry
myself to sleep
very good
Donald Trump has a coma
thinks just a few hairs she didn't cut
off a couple more because he doesn't
have any nails
not bad footage okay well today is going
went from II see what can we do eat you
got a touch
vlog footage from Europe delete all this
that's a hard tour late delete delete
delete delete
okay back to Trump alright so first
parts army up Hillary Clinton and we
have Donald Trump right next things next
Hillary Clinton is a blue flu lunches
lady so she always looks like this but
she's always wearing a nice pretty
column so put this on here now Donald
Trump has lots of
make up and usually is wearing orange
makeup I'm having orange makeup we have
some orange paint so I see the beauty
girls doing this you put it on your hand
like this and then we take it wash and
you paint it on your face
yes only on a path guys while I'm doing
half of our faces long Chomp
what is my life okay I'm going to wash
this off
here's you make this way look fire some
look who did like you I wouldn't know
what's that how can you make this label
horse like doesn't look like Donald
Trump's hair at all doesn't matter
oh it looks like some weird hair for
like some horrible 80s band okay hold on
I need one more thing one okay bring in
anything cell phone hmm I wanted to do
one of my saying with this welcome to
making red video this um let me think
well okay so now you have the comb over
on this side is your Donald Trump
costume hello let's build a wall so the
only person lives in America is me
behind your cake ants come on Walter
grab your kid gangs grab my cc I can say
thank you why don't I buy the kid games
kitty can swim alone if you grab them
even if they tell you they don't want
you to because I'm your famous
so I'm famous so I can grab you whatever
I want even if you don't want to get I
think my life is a game why the post
game my god what am i the post game even
if they don't want you to you're famous
you can do whatever you want when you're
famous I'm the best person to become the
president
I love to grab Pussycats I have around
TV show my yacht people
build a wall so anyone who doesn't look
like me can't get into a my are calm
what else does Donald Trump want to do
quality vol 1 like equality funny me
 Kenny okay well psyche you wanna
make fun of Hillary Clinton I'm Hillary
Clinton what can I say about her that's
not mean come on think of something coin
see I'm not funny today like I can't
think of anything it's one of those days
I'm Glenn Clinton
I'm Hillary Clinton and I'm not Donald
Trump
so don't phone me what if I give you
something but I have no idea what to say
about her so I do not make fun of her
okay
and I'm running the things if you don't
want from me you will probably die I'm
obviously the best of the three options
so won't for Miranda sings the selection
signup devolved developer me there's got
to be something in there cookies all
right thank oh there's your home.we
tutorial on how to beat Hillary Clinton
how do you don't along and how to be
myself so if you guys like this video if
you didn't give a thumbs up and make
sure to subscribe I love you guys and
don't we just watch hands back off on
Netflix all episodes are streaming and
one do eat also I'm on to Morse if you
want to see me in Newark Newark New
Jersey or Brooklyn New York or Waterbury
Connecticut I'm get tickets out of a
Christmas show coming up in Las Vegas
December 1st and I'm going on a bus to
and all over America in January so get
tickets summarizing song okay hopefully
I could just like make a montage of the
Donald Trump stuff to make someone
funny about that that was awful good
knocking vlogs hey guys welcome to my
day this is how it started
I'm going to vlog today I've a lot going
on but first I need to give this off of
my face okay this is my day this is what
happens during my day okay pull this up
so I can wash off my face
oh my god oh my god
this is awful one of this way you can
get it off oh it's dried it's dry that
dries fast ow
it's like stuck oh my god
Oh Luther what a weirdo hmm I'm a
professional of dogs I'm almost 30
did you guys know that um it's not weird
definitely don't feel 30 I feel like 21
um I cannot believe I'm turning 3 this
year that's crazy
what a strange year it's been with some
the show coming out and how hard I
worked on it all year and I'm looking
Canada for a while this year which is
crazy and so many tours and so many hard
things in their life wonderful things my
life
it's been a crazy crazy year hold on a
second now oh the phone meeting in
Weinstein okay this is my life guys this
is what I do you know a lot of you
already know this but um yeah I wake up
I wish I'd make Miranda B O's early in
the morning or late at night that's my
look the grossest it's not early in the
morning right now it is definitely 12:30
but I've been Miranda for like three
hours now um but I usually do Miranda in
the morning and then I have meetings and
stuff all afternoon and then at night I
edit um and stress night time is my
stress to him anyway I'm really excited
about the random Mondays and posting now
on my second soprano channel I have so
much behind-the-scenes footage that I'm
get to share with you guys now and I'm
so happy about it
because I've been wanting to share all
this stuff with you for so long with me
on set and enjoying time with the cast
and showing you how it all works because
it's all new to me like I know that
everyone else who was part of the shows
like their life is to do these TV shows
and movies and stuff but for me it's all
new I'm used to doing my life like this
like what you're watching right now is
what my life usually is it's a lot of
like me at home alone filming videos and
um so to have this new kind of
experience where I'm on a set and stuff
has been really really exciting and live
fun I'm doing the makeup really crappy
right now I know but it's because I'm
gonna be Miranda again in a little bit
but I um whenever I collab with other
people which is what I'm about to do in
a little bit I like to be somewhat
presentable because sometimes they want
to like take a picture with me as me so
I like to like look sort of like a human
so I put on foundation and like blush
and stuff and then um brows a lot of
times you'll notice Miranda has eyebrows
like my eyebrows are called in Amanda
this is interesting information not so
anyway um yeah today I have a lot going
on it feels it feels weird not having
like press cuz the last few weeks of my
life have been full of press um it feels
like now things are going to start going
back to normal a little bit which is
weird for me to experience because I'm
used to like tool years been so insane
like it was like the writers room every
day constantly and then come home and
film and wake up early and edit and yuck
here's my mouth um no sleep type of
situation for a very long time and then
living in Canada was even crazier living
in Canada was like the craziest
experience of my life
and then going on tour and then you
don't lots of other stuff going on
everything's been really nuts and then
when the show came out is like crazy
amounts of press and now like everything
kind of dying down like I don't have to
go on set today I don't have to go on
tour tomorrow I'm going to run a few
weeks but a couple weeks I guess but
it's weird to have like a Monday where
I'm like oh my god I can just like film
videos and there's fun emails like do
what I used to do like two years ago
like life is kind of dwindling down and
chilling out and it's really weird like
it's really weird like oh I can like
just kind of go by though without doing
so far to my face um I don't know no I'm
saying just is weird today feels weird I
think I've been so used to having like
so much stuff too busy my day that um to
kind of have a normal day where I just
have to like do my normal work to see to
videos and emails and phone calls it
feels weird that I don't have to like
get in a car in rush to an interview or
pack for tour plan my show make props or
write an episode or I mean there's so
many things I'm used to like doing all
day in today's like kind of more chill I
guess that's really I'm not used to
chilling out I'm used to like being just
my brain is like distracted by a million
things I think that's why last night I
was like having her night because uh
things are chilling out and so my brain
has the opportunity to like just sit and
think about life and I hate that I was
telling my therapist about sighs yes I'm
in therapy draw and I can talk about it
I'm proud of it yeah I'm in therapy
right now and I was talking about that
with him I'll my therapist feels like so
weird how like I am so uncomfortable
with my own why am I getting so deep on
a live stream on my blog channel like
I'm clearly going to delete this anyway
but I was talking to him about how like
I the one thing I hate more than
anything is being alone and like having
to think about because like whenever I'm
alone and I'm not working I like my
brain goes into like this deep dark hole
except like horrible things um and he
didn't say anything about it I thought
he'd be like oh well why don't we try
doing this so like give me some
suggestion he's just like mmm
it's like oh okay um but anyway yeah so
I think having tons of stuff to do has
been really good for me like to be super
busy cuz I love being busy now of
working but uh now that work is kind of
dying down a little bit I'm like my
brain is starting to think again I hate
that do you guys do that like late at
night like you're laying in bed and your
mind just goes like oh now I can think
and scare the crap out of you
um my brain does that maybe that's just
me um anyway this is a long livestream
about nothing
my god he's hiding in that closet um
okay you put all the most girl oh girl I
don't put on too much makeup cuz I have
to become Miranda in an hour so we just
have to take it all off girl Isis
 this is so hard to do when I'm
looking at it in the livestream anyway
are you guys still watching kiddies back
off I hope you're just watching it on
repeat because I season two oh my god
over season two I started writing it um
I started like waiting up the plotlines
of the characters and I started writing
one of the episodes for season two if we
get it and if we don't it's totally okay
if we don't get a season two because I
mean my dream was to do a season 1 my
dream was to do a season of television
and I got to do that and that is
incredible and I'm so so grateful and it
was the best experience of my whole life
I really mean that is the best
experience I've ever had ever and I'm
really proud of the show um so if we
don't get a season 2 it's nothing it's
ok like I got to do season 1 and I'm so
proud of it and it was amazing and I
love it and so if we don't get season 2
I'll be like today like I still got to
live my dream and do what I've always
wanted to do and that's incredible but
um I really I still I would love to get
a season 2 that would be so cool because
I have so many stories I want to tell um
but how we can get a season 2 actually I
don't know like I feel like I'm not
really I don't really understand how
Netflix chooses if they give you season
two or not I know that like it does have
something to do with like um how many
people are streaming and watching it
like life they're not streaming but how
many people are watching binge watching
how many people watch the show it gets
good reviews and good um press and um if
Netflix likes it and if they think it's
worth it to do it again I mean there's a
lot of factors to go into it I don't
know I'm not a TV networks I know how
that works
but um I know that it has to do with
like people are watching it and you guys
have been watching it which means a lot
to me so thank you and keep watching it
and yeah I don't know I really hope we
get a season two because we get to start
writing it right away
I've already started writing it which I
don't see you're supposed to do but
whoops um uh yeah where we could start
writing it right away and then hopefully
we can shoot it sooner than we did it
this year
so we could get it out sooner than we
got it out this year like my dream would
to be would be to have a show out for
season two my god why am I talking like
I have a season two I don't just
dreaming um but if I don't get a season
two that's okay I love season one it's
amazing really proud of it and that
means that I can have time to do other
stuff I can go on more tours around the
world and um I I could probably write
another book I can't write a book and
write a season two at the same time it's
too much work um but if I don't get a
season two I could write another book
which would be really cool um or maybe
write a movie or I don't know the
options are endless so many fun things
to think about but um I have to go get
ready for this phone meeting and find my
cat is in deep dark of dark abyss of my
closet and figure out what happens this
paperwork that is now missing in action
um but I love you guys thanks for
watching hanging out with me I know this
is like the weirdest livestream in the
whole world and most boring
it wasn't your typical livestream it was
just kind of you guys getting to be a
fly on the wall in my room while I work
uh and so yeah this is my life and I
love my life now I love you
I'm such a weirdo but I really mean that
by the way I say that all the time so I
always go I hear they mean that um and I
do and I am leaving in two seconds but I
do want to say the reason I always say I
really mean that
when I'm talking about how much I love
and care about you guys is because um I
hear a lot of people say like you can't
love them you don't know them like I was
even talking to Lily about this the
other night when she came over and I
started crying like I was talking about
my viewers and like I was crying I was
like I love them so much and I am you
know I know people think that's weird
and that's crazy because I don't know
them personally but I feel like I do
and I feel like I you as my friends I go
online and I talk to you and I'm
constantly constantly on Twitter and
Instagram and YouTube talking to you
guys because I love you and I care about
you and I do get close to you guys and I
learn about you through your tweets and
the videos you send me and um like
nothing makes me happier than like
sending you guys letters and like it I
feel like we're the same like you guys
like to send me letter letters and come
to my shows and you guys are really
funny and um I feel like we're just so
very similar I don't know I really do
love you guys a lot and I hear a lot of
times people go you don't mean that you
don't know them you might like that they
watch you but you don't know them like
no I really do love them like I love my
audience a lot and I love my viewers and
you guys make me really happy anyway I'm
losing alot of viewers as I'm talking
with it so like shade I love me and I'm
I'm logging off um no I really do love
you guys and thank you for sticking by
my side when things are rough and when
things are wonderful it's been crazy
cool to see all your support every time
I go on Twitter to see you guys talking
about haters back off and spread
happiness and um just you guys be
wonderful is so nice there's a lot of
horrible things in the world right now
and it's nice to see wonderful people
spreading wonderful things okay I need
to actually go work now I love you guys
and I will see you very soon
goodbye
