it's gone felon
so aside we're backstage of balance I'm
so nervous I can blog good all yet today
cuz I've engineered this is the outfit
that I chose I'm probably gonna fall
shoes but I'm excited
I just finished with Jimmy Fallon and it
was it was fun he's so nice I'm glad
it's over because it made me really
nervous but he's the nicest person in
the universe it was really fun
alright I'm back in my normal clothes
I'm gonna present Jenny we good I got
all notes and clean welcome to The
Tonight Show thank you for being here
very exciting and I got shirt this looks
cute as stars on it
whoo coasters fancy Tonight Show coaster
oh my gosh
what is expecting oh my god what dreams
are made of only two days ago so what
size shoe are you and I'm like eight why
and it was 14 oh my god I'm so excited
that is so cool
oh my god thanks Jimmy Fallon I'm so
excited tonight was so fun and so true I
don't have her anything I don't know
anything I talked about I don't remember
how anything went I remember he had to
dance for a really long time as I tried
to do it was funny it was like I getting
pissed off at you but you were enjoying
it I loved it I put hilarious I felt bad
but my dress is so restricting I that
could move and I was like a like a
velociraptor something now we're gonna
go to Frankie's house to celebrate I
haven't seen Frankie and forever he was
like one of the first people Jim crusoe
on Frankie Grande were the two people
who believed in me at first so it's
perfect I get to spend a night with him
I am at Frankie's and we are watching
Fallon
it is such a beautiful day so pretty and
we have an hour before we've to go the
airport so we went and got cookies and
now we're just dancing like fools around
Central Park so here's some of my
snapchats today
don't follow me on snapchat you should
because there's always weird shenanigans
going on yeah it's beautiful
I love Central Park and coming to New
York in the fall it's like the best ever
I'm home my mom has been watching haters
back off on repeat huh he got bigger he
got bigger I was gone for three days and
he got bigger stay here okay
I've got to go I'm gonna hang up my
kitty thanks for watching the vlog I was
so excited to be on Jimmy Fallon thanks
for watching my show keep watching
haters back off everyday watched a
million times the more times it's
watched the more people are on Netflix
watching my show the more likely it is
that maybe we'll get a season 2 I don't
know how does this work I got just
jumped I have to go I love you thanks
for everything you guys are the best and
I'll see you later bye
