oh my god okay before you guys watch
this vlog by the time you watch this
haters back off is out on Netflix so
please don't watch this vlog go onto
Netflix right now if you don't have an
account sign up for an account if you do
have an account um
just watch haters back off please uh
tweet about it Instagram about it
Facebook about it youtube about it
spread the word I work so so so hard on
this show and I'm so proud of it it took
me years and years and years to develop
and write and produce and create and
I've never been more proud of anything
in my whole life please just go support
in any way that you can spread the word
about haters and not about haters in
general but about haters back off the
show I I just I can't believe it's
finally out and all my hard work is now
coming to fruition it's all out I'm just
dying so um please go watch it and
spread the word I'll be following as
many people as I can all probably for
the rest of my life who are promoting
the show I love you guys so much and
thanks for supporting me and helping me
to make my dreams come true if know this
would happen if it weren't for you guys
so just thank you I love you and um
oh my god here's back out it's out and
you can see it with your eyeballs oh my
god okay are you taking off your pants
you don't have B my blog I don't know I
was gonna do except annoying thing that
people do the back of other people's o
you knowing so I got a I'm in New York
and we're doing press today these are my
Queens with me we are at Glamour
magazine we're all your glamour dreams
come true
all right it is hours later I've had a
bajillion interviews and we've added a
Jonathan Hawkins to Laurel and and the
boys are looking up boys on everything
no no okay so if you're gay
I don't know maybe girls too if you look
up people just introduces friends and
Facebook they're the most beautiful
people they know your type and they know
exactly what you like they're in our
minds body nestled right here here
anyway with one more interview and I'm
going to turn in to Miranda for the
interview then we're going to dinner I
don't know I said dinner I am back at
the hotel and I need to pick out an
outfit for Fallon tomorrow because the
dress I was going to wear we got it
altered and tailored and then it like
didn't it fit me even worse up what are
you doing are you thinking of your pants
um yeah anyway so we have all these
clothes that my amazing stylist sent to
my room that we're going to try on I
feel so badly so we're gonna try them on
and the boys are insisting that we
listen to Hilary Duff why like a montage
without Hilary Josh who's that oh my god
okay this is the one day this is a dress
that I would never wear so the boys have
decided to wear it oh I'm so nervous
five six seven eight I stop stop stop
and check out my sleeve oh yeah
Oh
me oh thank you Jim Caruso's here late
hon here at TAO restaurant in New York
City which I love I've been before in
Vegas and it was amazing but the cookie
recipe so our waiter there I have to go
come on Johnny
talk about what we slipped together and
how we had to share a bed for a while
because we didn't want to buy a second
bed
and I mean it was but anyway he's a John
boyfriend is asked what is there always
crumbs in the bed and I was like yes and
hair lots and lots of crumbs in here and
conversation but you've said that's the
next Campbell Soup old fashioned from
their friends inhaling them crumbs and
hair talk about the chocolate pop oh my
god there was a chocolate box that had
more chocolate underneath it what so
funny
and a huge fortune cookie that's like
you break open and there's chocolate
inside and it was all just so delicious
we're so full and I'm going to show you
half of gym space
it was so so good though I love it here
you guys should check it out if you ever
in New York it's yummy tastic Oh Cheers
oh it's true it's true my finger oh
absolutely yeah I am back from town I
had so much fun tonight it was just so
fun and relaxing I'm so glad I didn't
have to stay at home and just stress the
show's coming out soon and also I'm
super bummed because I had always
planned that when the show came out me
and the cast would sit together and
binge watch the whole thing together and
now I can't do that because I'm in New
York um and they're like sending me
pictures and some of the cast is hanging
out and everyone's got all these plans
to watch the show together and it shows
coming out in three hours from now it's
midnight right now in New York City and
I can't save and watch it because I have
press all day tomorrow starting I think
I'm getting up at 8:00 so um we can't
watch it I need to get rest cuz I'm on
Fallon tomorrow so um yeah I'm I'm super
excited to be like in New York with my
sister and with Cory and John and it's
been a lot of fun but it is really weird
that um my show is coming out and it's
kind of like anticlimactic for me
tonight I like well I mean we can't stay
up till 3:00 oh yeah all right I have to
get dressed like 255 and then I'll go on
Twitter and then at curry I'll freak out
with everybody anyway um yeah going on
Fallon tomorrow and well I'm nervous I'm
excited and I'm nervous no man my life
has been such a roller coaster and this
is just like everything I've dreamed of
for so many years and I just can't
believe it's finally here and yeah I
don't know okay
I'm gonna go to bed I love you guys and
tomorrow's a huge day I'm gonna be on
Fallon oh my god that's awesome my show
is coming out in three hours to a two
and half hours to an it's awesome oh my
god I'm so nervous
I remember was gonna be able to see
everything that you've done over the
past bagillion years all your blood
sweat and tears and vomit and diarrhea
they're good it's all for what they're
about to see and it's amazing so excited
thank you guys for supporting me and
like watching my video um okay I need to
go I love you guys and I will see you
tomorrow and the show will be out oh my
god the next time I feel like my shows
gonna be out on that foot come on going
on going on one murder the internet with
happiness okay
oh my god I tell this is yes dress also
stressed ah okay I love you guys and oh
my god all right I'll see 12
