I'm buddy it's Corinne I'm Philippe
good morning everybody Holly Terry my
mouth today is a very big day and I'm
really nervous
oh um so today is the premiere of haterz
back off it is Tuesday October 11th and
I am so nervous so much has been
happening in my life and when it rains
it pours I guess you know there's so
much good and there's so much bad and
this is something that's really good and
I'm really proud of and it's just all
I've so many emotions right now I don't
even know what to think
but look what course today he brought me
these flowers not so sweet um I'm not
wearing any makeup because I need to go
be Miranda on the red carpet first so
that's why I don't look like me yet
all right I love you and oh my god I
can't believe this is happening all
right so I just took off my lipstick
which is why my lips look for sore but I
just went to the theatre as Miranda and
took pictures and this is just crazy
this is all so crazy so now I'm going to
get ready as me so then I can go back as
me and take pins as me um this is all
just so surreal Cory's my partner in
crime today I know I forgot to film any
of getting ready this is can be my
stylist and she got me this little cute
dress look at I'm sparkling and I'm
fashion she knows what she's doing
fashion girl right here haha so I was
gonna film like getting ready and
everything and then I just totally
forgot I was just nervous and freaking
out so I forgot I'm sorry um but I'll
have Cory film as much as he can once we
get there cuz I'm not gonna be able to
film anything but maybe he can film some
stuff oh my gosh I'm very nervous I'm
excited and nervous and all of the
things are you excited - Shh I'm
watching heater technology
thank you so much for coming everybody
this is a dream come true clean there's
so many people think the first thing I
would love to will keep you by my
co-creator co-producer go everything
brother sorry I love with there's lots
of things um the YouTube community for
your support you guys are amazing so
much and I see so many new faces
operative time supporting each one we
know thank you thank you
and I'm goes oh of course Netflix
Netflix thank you for believing in my
weird character and my good show
Teddy and Brian and Kristen I cannot
thank you enough for supporting this
beard world that I created in my brain I
forever grateful to you guys make my
dreams come true I've been wanting to
make the show for almost ten years so
it's incredible that this is happening
right now - thank you so so much I love
you guys
and the dollar
okay guys I did not vlog at all last
night and at the premiere Cory filmed
stuff which is what you just saw and
then I never actually got in front of
the camera at me thing I was busy just
enjoying the night and having fun but
thank you for watching this and thank
you to everyone who came to the premiere
and everyone who's been supporting me
online on Twitter I've been seeing all
your tweets a day to making me so happy
and what else I'm in New York now with
Cory and Rachel who are eating like
crazy savages because we haven't eaten
all day
and so um we are in New York right now
I'm here for press press holiday
tomorrow and then on Friday I'm doing
Jimmy Fallon well I'm so nervous
but I hope you guys watch and spread the
word let everyone know to watch and tune
in and tweet about it and all that kind
of stuff and um yeah that's pretty much
it I love you guys thanks for watching
this and last night was a dream come
true I care if you guys can watch my
show comes out Friday bye
