whatever you celebrate hello let's start
it do the intro the intro what do you
need hey guys okay guys so you don't
know why I introduced something about
guys hey guys okay guys and then there's
like a fixing hair thing oh okay yes
yeah that's Miranda can watch no watch
you do it you're gonna do exactly what I
just did we are in Bakersfield right now
and I have one hour till soundcheck and
this is the only hour that I have to do
Christmas shopping so let's try to get
this done
milene what time is it number what time
is it
feel this and tell me why anyone would
ever want that's like what do you put on
someone in prison for torture
what time is it I don't know what times
Erick time for a montage we're not doing
a montage Colleen today is hectic very
hectic so soundcheck started like you
have an inner walls only purple that I
don't only a white glitter I need to
read bedazzle my shirt and you do my
makeup I have a lot to do in the next 20
minutes
soundcheck was rough because your finger
at the bottom of the back there their
screen was really big and normally when
that happens we goes shrink it and the
gum we can't shrink it and they go we
can't and then eventually they can and
today they're like we can't and they
were not willing to try and so I had to
reconfigure every single slide there are
60 slides in my show so to go in and
shrink and change everything it took
forever and they all just sat and
watched me do it
no buy them I don't mean my people at
Corey and Rachel on everyone who I'm
here with work very very helpful but
anyway I need to sign some
posters and I need to put on makeup and
do my hair and I'm a mess what are we
doing look she's doing her makeup yeah
I'm doing my makeup what are you doing
and she's gonna do our show today the
names so I said this is our last show I
do great I can keep the lipstick the
clips - you can't keep the leg you can
wear it whenever you come over okay
you can keep your outfit okay so I'm
still excited because tonight I'm doing
so much lipstick I'm gonna go play
jingle bells myself and I went
Lipnick see my nose um oh my gosh I'm
sorry I knocked you over Oh
now you're upside down play you can see
me strict step down now you're up oh my
gosh shift riding oh my gosh oh my gosh
am hugging you okay okay and my part I
have to sing jingle bells Miranda and
see my time we're done we just finished
the meeting great and I'm on a vent for
a second so for these shows we did
pictures as me and then pictures as
Miranda so if you wanted pictures with
me you could do that and then I changed
in Miranda if you want to picture with
Miranda you can do that instead so you
can only do one because we have to get
pictures with two hundred people during
the meet-and-greet and then get everyone
off stage then we have to clean the
stage set all the props I have to fix
everything you have a quick dinner and
then do the show so it's a really tight
schedule it's really tight turnaround
which is why we can't like sign things
that the meet greets and which is why
it's like one picture per person and why
we take the photos ourselves and all
that stuff so we have pretty strict
rules and you guys are always really
great at like following the rules and
being really respectful of my time and
your time and you know just making sure
that it's fair for everyone but tonight
there were some delinquents and it was
really frustrating there was a bunch of
people who like kept coming up for more
pictures they come up for pictures mean
and then they leave and come back and
take pictures again with me as Miranda
and then I'd be like you already got a
picture it and then they just like oh it
was one person I've been like okay
that's that's frustrating but okay it
happened multiple times tonight and I
don't know it was a little frustrating
especially not just like trying to like
communicate with them and ask them like
hey what's going on here and then they
would just ignore me and like like I was
not a human being that they could have a
conversation with when I would ask like
what's going on didn't try to get a
picture how did someone give up a
picture for you like what's going on and
they would just stare at me and
pose for a picture and not talk to me
and happened many times tonight so that
was a little frustrating and here's the
deal it's like I wish I could stay and
take up trillion pictures with you guys
and I wish I could have long
conversations with you it's like talk
for hours like that would be amazing but
we have the rules not because I don't
take pictures with you guys it's because
we have a strict schedule and I need to
eat and we have to set the stage and get
ready to do a big show so the rules are
there just so that everyone can do their
job and it's to make it fair for
everyone else too because if someone
else who came to the meet greet sees
that one person got six pictures with me
and they only got one then that's not
fair and I can't take six pictures with
everybody and it's the same reason with
the signing the signing adds a lot of
extra time so if I sign one book or one
photograph that I have to do it for
everybody and then it'll add an extra
hour to the meet-and-greet
so yeah just like rub me the wrong way a
little but made me a little sad because
I've never experienced that before I
mean greet where people were like so
defiant of the rules and it could just
been Security's fault for not like
cracking down a little bit harder on the
rules I don't know but they were clearly
explained many times Rachel had to keep
getting on the microphone saying like
hey you can only have a picture with
clean or Miranda you can't keep getting
back in line and they just kept doing it
anyway so that made me a little bummed
out and so now we have a lot less time
for me to check the stage and eat dinner
and get ready for the show so that's a
little frustrating and also my camera
tonight decided to just break during the
meet-and-greet last night it dropped
then we fixed it but then tonight it
just decided to not work again I don't
know I'm just like I know Facebook's not
working I'm having a day like today I
just feel like everything's going wrong
the soundcheck was terrible I'm doing a
capture right now just okay many years
ago I did a video about Katz's what
there's no that's not letters like I'm
gonna put this in and they're gonna
think I'm a robot because that's not
what's that letter what's that this is
the I I see is that a P is that a B is
that a for what is that six and is that
an I like I hate cactus I'm having a bad
day but if they don't have a making
shaped phone what am I supposed to get
you like a regular phone that's alright
but like what kind of like an iPhone
Samsung Droid Razr what kind of talk can
have a real phone so it has to be fake
like a play toy yeah okay it's about to
be a time to go on stage are you ready
Parker - last show it's time to go on
stage yeah it's the last show of the
year that's so weird I've been to so
many places this year if you think about
it's like kind of bizarre through Santa
Barbara round and now in Bakersfield now
we're in Bakersfield let's go I'm on top
of that I have been to Australia New
Zealand we went to Norway Sweden
Amsterdam Scotland Wales then I went all
over the United States I just shown man
Cooper I made a TV show man Cooper it's
not crazier but I'm ready to be done so
let's go do the final show
that's all that matters
that was a rough this is what I look
like when I get off stage is covered in
the glass of a big did you guys have fun
but I have to say something so you guys
what I'm very grateful for you guys I
love you very much because I had a rough
day and I felt like that performance
wasn't very good for me but then I got
off stage and I was feeling a little sad
on the stage I thought oh no I'm not
doing a good job but then I got off
stage and you said that was so much fun
and then I felt all better so thank you
I love you guys hi Marjorie you guys
made me feel a lot better so thank you
did you guys have fun did you like how
what do you like the show time you
thought it was good yeah you know I
thought you guys were the best part of
the show
Thanks you're welcome great wait your
hair sure I'm just waiting I've got to
get this sparkly outfit off of you love
what if you can find
well I made this sparkly outfit so if
you if you want one like just like this
you have we'd have to make it okay you
want to make one tomorrow okay huh that
was a very long day and a rough day some
days on tour are just rough and today
was one of those days it's like one of
those days were just like everything
went wrong and I had a scary experience
where there was a really loud bang and
it was just like the sound I don't know
what's going on with sound but something
happen and I swear it sounded exactly
like what I've always imagined a gunshot
to sound like so that scared me in the
middle of the show and it just like put
me in a funk and then they were like
slides that disappeared from the
slideshow and like I was just a mess
like I just felt like the show's mess
but that I didn't seem to have fun and
the kids had a lot of fun and I'm just
really grateful that I got to do it at
all like what a cool job I have um but
then a strange change of events happened
tonight on the drive home I text Ariana
and I said hey what are you doing this
week I really want to see you I miss you
and she said oh I'm on a vacation
please come but I was like mmhmm well I
can't really I have plans this weekend
because it's Christmas and she's like
just come for a day and I was like okay
where are you thinking it'd just be
really close well I have to fly there
so tomorrow Cory and I might be flying
to go on like a little fun vacation with
the Grande's just so random and um I
first I was like no I shouldn't do that
I should stay here and be responsible
and like get my work done but like I
don't know I feel like I've worked
really hard this year and it'd be fun to
just take a little vacation just for 24
hours and hang out with my friends so I
think I'm gonna do it which is so random
but I love her and she faced I mean
she's just like please God please calm
so I think we're gonna go I think he'll
be really fun so maybe tomorrow when you
watch the vlog I'll be with the Grande's
on vacation somewhere maybe I'll be in
my house with my cats we'll find out I
love you guys they
watching
