okay guys so I had a bunch of press this
morning and now we are driving because
apparently there's a billboard with my
face on it and I want to see it so I
have to go back and shoot something a
little bit but since we have a little
bit of time I was like okay we have to
go and see this billboard so Cory and I
are in the car obviously why do they
even say that it is obvious I guess
maybe I'm nervous um Cory you look so
sassy right now if your posture for
today's Humpty queen of my dreams anyway
we're gonna go see this billboard and
I'm like freaking out
there's thousands of Netflix Russell
Peters almost famous Netflix so maybe
I'm on the other side of that I'm scared
yeah wait is that a Odin look behind I
can no it's four beers that one wasn't
it spazzing I'm serious a long nerve
I've got all the nerves course Soto oh
my god oh yeah I'm gotta go fuck this
fuck I gotta crash oh I can't breathe
all the responding as in you know oh my
god was parking my god oh my god that's
so crazy that is fucking you that is so
oh she's ready for her clothes oh my god
I'm like I can't believe this
that's crazy yeah oh my god oh my god
okay so there's my oh you can't see it
there is my billboard you can't really
see it but we took pictures next to it
and oh there you can see it kind of see
yeah yes see at that me um in Harvey
came to celebrate with me because he's
like the most amazing friend ever so
Harvey and Corey and I also ever I
didn't took selfies in front of the
billboard how crazy is that on Melrose
oh my girl oh my girl so if you're in LA
go to Spaulding and Melrose and take a
picture with my billboard cuz I'm having
a heart attack I can't believe it's real
so the day has passed I saw my billboard
it was crazy what else happened after
that what did i do today
oh I filmed with Scott Mitch that was
super fun this is my cousin Weston he's
visiting me cuz he's gonna come to the
premiere tomorrow
Amy my cousin who looks very similar to
me and people often think that she is me
and I'm her but she's way hotter than me
so I don't know why anyway thanks Beth
Amy my cousin and Weston my cousin are
people who like grew up like siblings
like we're very very close and my aunt
Cindy who's like my second mommy she's
amazing wonderful and Harvey I make
Harvey hang out with me all the time
um and this girl do I loved but you guys
know who that is
let's go so my mom is making cupcakes in
a cone which is like my favorite dessert
and we're playing with Augustus I think
I have landed on Augustus Gus Gus
everyone will call him Gus Gus but
whenever he's seeming prescient and
fancy and bratty I will call him
Augustus um anyway Kyle we're gonna hang
out now we played some Jenga I need to
put on makeup girl I look trashy good
bye so um growing up I used to always
hang out and play with Weston and Amy
and all my other cousins and what we
would do for fun is make home videos so
basically I've been a youtuber in
training my entire life because we
didn't like watch movies or you know
Playhouse we didn't do stuff like that
we made videos and so I feel like I was
like created to be a youtuber because
this was who our parents okay yeah
they're pretty not very
we're not pretty cool yeah no no does
everyone love everything we do so we're
about to watch one that's really old and
it's really embarrassing safety first
that's a lot of people's alone but for
us it's unsafe tea rest this bowl is
porcelain you can break it and cut
yourself on it x2z about HIPAA rot
let's go yes oh my god this is my dream
come true
