it's going down please
superwoman does good morning everybody
so um as you guys know now hopefully if
you watch my main channel I have a
kitten and he's so cute and sweet nice
still does no name but he is um Persian
and Persian kitties have long hair and
constantly getting poop stuck in the fur
around their butt and this cat really
needs a bath even right when my mom
handed it to me
I mean he's accusing the world but he's
smelt rank so this kitten clearly has
not been bathed in a really long time so
we're gonna give him a bath and you guys
I don't know if you know this but cats
hate water and hate baths and this cat
is very like spazzy if you try to make
him do something he doesn't to do so
this is probably going to be a complete
nightmare but let's try is actually not
freaking out you know maybe the poop
come in the floor oh my god I can't
believe he's not freaking out
did you good job I'm so proud of you
he's freaking out he's so cold leaky
shivering you still stinky yes the
stinky cat so we were able to get
through the traumatic bath and we wanted
lunch so of course we went to talk about
because we classy and listen I've got a
premiere in a couple of days and I need
to watch my figure so I'm eating talk
about I'm so Hollywood my mom said
something so funny when he walked in we
walked in and we're looking at the menu
up here and my mom was like I love how
we just look at the board like and we're
pretending like we don't know what they
have and what we're gonna get is so true
every time I go into a fast-food
restaurant I'm like hmm what are the
options as though I don't know exactly
what I'm getting every single time hello
ants my so all let's take on my teeth
look who's here guys
hello Joe and cat with no name account
that name we're still working on it I
don't know Uchida saying I should pick a
name that's like from one of my favorite
shows or something I said Milly Milly
because I like okay okay oh she's gonna
kill you see I keep saying she ironic to
call you she and Stephanie we are going
to film a couple videos right now um and
Joe Guidice awesome eh she came on oh my
god that was so much just okay we're
gonna film now bye I'm so scrappy look
who's here I'm so excited Lily came over
tonight and she's so sweet she brought
me flowers like ice creams as long as
you do know it's like what superwoman
does it's like you're an actual
superwoman oh my god like I can't even
believe it she's been here for hours
just hugging me and
listening to me and being my friend and
she's just amazing and I'm so happy and
she also brought this sweater because
she realized we have math up when you
wore all my phones like oh my god you
the same song as Colleen I'm like oh my
god I need to make a mental note your
hoodie so it's like we serve our own
personality even though we're matching
yeah so anyway we just filmed a video
together for a Miranda's channel but I
wanted you guys to see how beautiful she
is in real life because mine is not the
nicest but I actually genuinely am
obsessed with you and lo oh my god I
actually loved when Holly and n were and
I think they're both great in their own
ways well I love you okay and also you
so and you said you had crushed my dad
Kirk oh yeah when she did like amazing
and we realized tonight he has the same
fashion as Uncle Jim yeah they could
literally have the same closet they have
the same clothes yeah yeah I also feel
like Miranda could share clothes with
him you know you're really funny you
just thought oh and so disturbing at the
same time but when jeath did a Miranda
impression oh why do I just not all I
desperately want is to see you with the
beard and the lipstick oh Mark McGwire
and uh we're doing jeet impression okay
you know I'm gonna do I'm gonna stay
here officially haters back off at over
14 yes when Jeets will post on Instagram
pages read oh my god I'm saying right
now oh it's happening no way I'm so
excited
oh my god I'm we're gonna go and hang
out and talk more about our feelings ice
cream okay ice cream back
