I'm buddy it's Maureen I'm playing
what's up y'all
hi everyone I'm wearing makeup today
look at me
um I woke up and did a bunch of
interviews this morning and I'm about to
have another one in a couple minutes but
look what I got I got some crystal oh my
god look at these glasses how freakin
cool are these Thank You Joey everyone
go bye children even Joey Graceffa is on
tour right now which is why you can't
come to my put me up I'm so excited for
him so go get the book I had to go
outside of my house today which is
something I haven't needed to do for
like a week today I have been doing a
lot of press so as part of like my work
with Netflix and my show coming out
October 14th I'm very excited I have to
do a lot of press to promote the show
and it's just kind of how life works
the timing is kind of a bummer um but
that's okay I have been it I was not
anticipating the press to be what it has
been like it is back to back to back to
back to back to back interviews he's
crazy and I'm really uncomfortable press
which I've been very open with online
which I'm sure is a big no-no but it's
the truth so I'm gonna play some ukulele
as per you JIT really comes me down and
makes me happy to play music and listen
to music and then I'm going to therapy
because that's important to do in life
to work on your brain and your heart and
your emotions and um so I have that
tonight and I'm actually really excited
to go it's really good for me um and
then my parents are gonna be here for
dinner and um we're all just gonna try
to have a good time and I'm probably
gonna film some videos and stuff so that
is what my day looks like today and um
yeah that's what I'm up to so let's sing
some music this song I'm going to
dedicate to you guys because you make me
happy
that I can be the same for you so I'm
dedicating this to all of you beautiful
people who are kind and supportive and
loving
jool was my jamm in high school girl I
got shots the other day you see my
little prick marks bruises so my arm is
really sort I'm not supposed to be
playing the ukulele at all right now but
it makes me happy so I'm gonna do it
alright I'm gonna be late for therapy so
I'm gonna go but I love you guys and
I'll see you after what's up y'all I'm
back from my little meeting and I'm with
my mother and my father and Korey and
Rachel and man and Hannah and moon
that's mu Heather's dog and we're
watching the Duggars the like Duggars
show counting on because one of the
Duggars just started courting a new man
and so we're all very interested
although it's just like basically this
whole show just recapping things we've
already seen over the past like eight
hundred seasons of this show there's not
really anything new or interesting in
here but I still have to watch it I
think I have a new episode of RuPaul too
that we can watch later so it's a sassy
fun night so my mom made ribs and mashed
potatoes and corn and garlic bread and
it was amazing thanks mama and she got
shots in her knees say you know how I
get shots show them your knees mom
oh that was above the knee sorry Brody
and then I have shot once - so now we're
matching twin
