I'm buddy it's Maureen I'm play there's
candy in my rug hey uh I am on the
internet I look rough because I am rough
it has been a rough time in life
recently everyone is telling me to stay
away from the internet and not post
videos anymore for a while and just
completely stay offline um but it's
making me really sad so life is already
really sad and really hard and I'm going
through just like the hardest stuff I've
ever been through in my entire life and
um being online makes me really happy
and so to take that away from my life
and also to be going through really hard
things it's just not a good combination
so I really miss you guys and I want to
be back online I like my job I like
making videos I like talking to guys so
I need to do what I feel is right in my
heart and I really want to be on the
line I want to make videos for you guys
again um so that's what I'm gonna do I'm
not gonna talk about the personal
situation that I'm going through right
now I'm sure you guys saw the video I
posted last week out of respect for
everyone involved I'm not going to talk
about it so you don't need to ask about
it there's a lot of stuff going on in my
life right now good and bad so I'm gonna
share the good stuff I'm gonna film some
Miranda videos cuz that makes me happy
and I'm gonna film a vlog because it
makes me happy to share my life with you
and I want to bring some happiness back
into my life a little bit so that's what
I'm gonna do and I hope you guys can
stay kind and patient and positive
during a time that's really hard now we
can move on to UM positive and happy
things my face is just gonna be
permanently swollen look so Rob okay I'm
gonna film some random videos look at my
office
just an explosion I am going to do a
video every single day in preparation
for my show coming out people say that
when you're going through times in life
it's good to do what makes you happy and
busy yourself and so that's what I'm
doing and I'm really busying myself
because I'm going to be posting video as
Miranda every day till the show comes
out that's seven Miranda videos um I'm
really excited about that
and I'm just working on Miranda right
now so there is candy in my rug like
full-on candy you hola senoritas it's
later in the day look who's here smile
my mother my mama has been living with
me which has been amazing she's a very
good roommate cuz she cleans hahaha I'm
just hanging out at home I've been doing
work all day and I'm going to play some
ukulele for you right now which do you
want to sing along
Cory damage your body feel like I'm on
the right side I love it like re just
like the hardest riff in the world right
there so that no normal nah forget I'm
gonna sing it like a scientist shy this
is a new style with the brush type of
low relaxing cold riding bicycle come
true y'all got to talk to Chloe
you wouldn't oh my gosh I got a tricycle
I'll be chosen to be I just Sun
represent the
they feel of me uh I give zero then I
got their agility killing me come to the
blue box infinity turn with the shotgun
so company gun top I can make my club
top imma to your rap Arianna bump
whoa-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho you got me walking
son
