it's boring please oh my god my tits oh
hi I love it all today I'm in Chicago
Rosemont this is the same thing look
who's here Heather me Heather is from
Chicago and so she's here she did a show
here last night yeah and so she's at my
show and I'm selling singing um yeah the
mean great was really fun today it was
like a very emotional meeting great it
was like all the questions are really
intense I'm like it was really sweet so
the mean greet was lovely and I got a
lot of cool hats I got a cool soccer-mom
hat that's like bedazzled but I got a
lot of really cool stuff so thank you
for bringing me presents you guys are
amazing I'm going onstage in four
minutes so I gotta go but I'll talk to
you guys after
Alysha really hey guys um the show was
so good tonight it was so much fun
audience was so amazing um I'm super sad
cuz like the mean greet was so fun and
the audience was so like lovely and
wonderful and excited and amazing um but
my shoulder this is the first time in a
long time where while I was on stage I
could feel like the tear in my SH in my
rotator cuff and like the muscles all
like under here it feels like there's
rocks in my arm so I had to come
straight back to the hotel and I'm gonna
ice my shoulder and put my little
electro buzzer thingy on it and I'm
gonna have to take a painkiller which
means I'm gonna be loopy and I love it
but I'm so bummed because I really
wanted to like tonight I they had
security at the theater so I was like oh
I I can go out and say hi and then after
the shows like nope I need to go back to
the hotel like immediately part of my
show now I added a moment where as
myself I read some of my emo journal
like from when I was a kid so I brought
one with me and Heather's reading it at
like dying of laughter
I also use it like as a prayer journal
and growing up too so
there's times I'm like dear Lord bla bla
bla bla bla and there's one moment where
I don't say Lord I say daddy
Oh daddy I need your help with this more
than anything
Oh daddy one of my guys daddy dear Danny
okay so Heather and I those of you who
are just catching up we went to college
together we've known each other for like
13 years 12 or 13 years yeah like 13
years um and so we have been through one
fight in our entire relationship and it
was because Heather was my best friend
and I was also friends with this other
guy we were really close and I had one
side of him I thought you did it and
Heather started dating this guy and they
both kind of stopped being friends with
me to date each other not really
stopping friends I just jealous I'm
together I was jealous because Heather
was my best friend and I didn't want
anyone taking her away from me and he
was my friend and I didn't want her
taking him away from me so I was just
being a jealous horrible friend um but I
wrote in here so we were in Korea on a
choir tour and I'm talking about all
these things they're pissing me off why
should I read this variety I'm extremely
annoyed we are on for Center buses in
alphabetical order and like I said
earlier I've been hanging out with I
know what should we call him uh uh him
Frank Frank
I've been hanging out with Frank and his
fam a lot well apparently a bunch of
people think we are dating I am so
annoyed I grew up with brothers so I'm
used to being close to guys I always
have guy friends I'm sick of people
trying to cause drama with stuff like
that it's like everyone's on pins and
needles waiting for the next person to
tie the knot get over it
oh okay so then I keep going on and I'm
like so annoyed and then I go and
another thing and all cabs
I feel like Heather is avoiding me or is
annoyed with me or something I don't
know what her deal is but she's being
weird I hope she stops soon we're
currently prank for a concert fun you
guys
morning I need to pack look at myself
what happens when I go to a hotel my
suitcase explodes I wanted to ask you
guys a question
so I like to paint my nails like every
day like I like to redo my nails look
really tired I don't I just woke up
I put on makeup and though I've lucky so
I usually put on nail different nail
polish every other day I didn't bring
nail polish on this trip or nail polish
remover but I didn't like the nail
polish I was wearing cuz I've been
wearing it for a few days so I like
ripped it like scraped it all off in the
shower last night and now my fingers are
all really sore and I feel like that's
really weird
and I want to know if that is ever
happen to any of you guys like have you
ever scraped fingernail polish off your
fingers and then your fingers are sore
because like my fingernails are really
sore doubt what I do we are on our way
to Indianapolis and Christopher Robin
who is my tour manager he looked up like
a month ago
this like glow-in-the-dark mini golf
place it's like halfway between here
where we were in Indianapolis so we're
going and it looks super janky and I am
so excited y'all excited
sorry I didn't bring it on the dark
clothes
I am policing hey guys so I stopped
Logging's oh my god my tip though oh I
stopped flogging um after that I didn't
vlog yesterday in Indianapolis I'm
really sorry but I'm home now and um I
don't have to leave the city for a very
long time so I'm going to enjoy being
home but I love you guys so much and I
hope you have a really happy day and I
will see you very soon bye I'm gonna
take a little bit of a break I love you
bye
