it's boring Emily I am a fashionista
morning everyone I'm in court when we
were show tonight and my outfit is
someone pointed in y'all I am wearing a
t-shirt this is Irma got a unicorn
because apparently I think I'm ten years
old jeans that are too short for me and
these shoes that Angela Kinsey likes to
call my paper shoes because they're
basically just like the thinnest paper
material they don't do anything so I am
a fashionista I am going to go on a
little adventure to get some coffee by
myself okay I found a Tim Horton's which
is very exciting
guys this is blowing my mind I really
thought that Tim Hortons was just in
Canada but clearly not because it was in
Detroit and now it's in Fort Wayne so I
have been living a lot this whole time I
thought Tim Hortons was amazing coffee
and doughnuts that you could only find
in Canada and it is in America all over
the place just not where I live so I'm
gonna go to Tim Hortons again a coffee
and a doughnut for lunch because health
reasons and yeah then I'm going to go
and edit some videos listen guys tour
life is just so exciting okay go
you can't see them so I'm gonna get down
y'all spoiled me tonight oh my god okay
look at these cookies are you kidding me
these are so cute little Miranda cookies
with sprinkles and then lipsticks and
the cat sweater these are amazing thank
you so much I love your tiara and then a
build-a-bear with haters back off on the
butt like homemade crocs these are
amazing and I got this amazing book from
you guys with all these sweet letters
you guys just gave me so many sweet
presents tonight it's just my favorite
gift tonight there's you know that is
mary-kate girl mary-kate and Ashley yeah
back in my hotel room my hotel room I
just go back to my hotel from doing a
show whoo girl hi Laura so I wanted to
address something really quickly um a
couple things yesterday in my vlog I
mentioned that like my ticket sales
weren't doing well and mmm I was curious
why and a lot of people responded to
that and said that the reason that my
shows aren't selling well are because
the tickets are too expensive and um I
saw some people on Twitter being like
hey don't leave me comments on Colleen's
video sheets to make a living blah blah
but I don't think that's mean like I
think that that's honest and I asked you
guys because I want to know and so um I
listen I want to listen to you and trust
you I do not price my shows I actually
don't have anything to do with it um and
I honestly I'm ignorant to how much the
prices of my shows are which is bad of
me like I should care how much my shows
cost because they're for my fans so I
should be looking at something like that
I shouldn't be ignorant to it so
actually I'm appreciative you guys
brought that up I'm not mad that people
were complaining that it's too expensive
it's if it's too expensive it's too
expensive so I'm gonna listen to that in
fact I want to look up right now
how much my tickets are I want to be
totally transparent with you guys so
Miranda sings calm okay so let's look at
tomorrow I'm in Rosemont so let's buy a
ticket to my show tomorrow but says
prices the price of the ticket it says
37 to 38 dollars is how much it costs I
know that VIP is more expensive and for
VIP people I we hang out it's like
almost two hours of like hanging out
talking doing Q&A I do some like
behind-the-scenes stuff of like about
Miranda and talk about the character and
then we take pictures together and we
just kind of hang out so that's why the
VIP are more expensive the regular
tickets are 37 to 38 dollars at least in
Chicago that's how much they are for the
show tomorrow night I will talk to my
agent about seeing what we can do about
lowering the price of that um because I
want you guys to be able to comment I
don't want you guys to be upset with me
thinking that like I'm charging too much
please no and believe me when I say that
like I did not I do not set the prices
but it is my show so I I can do what I
can do like to change that so that it's
more affordable for you guys I just want
to be on stage and perform and I want to
meet you guys and some of you don't
believe that I also saw that coming a
lot the like all I care about is the
money um which is so funny to me because
if y'all knew like my dude like I like
eating at Taco Bell and I shop at
forever 21 like I don't care about money
I care about pama bills and I care about
performing and doing what I love and so
if people think that that's a bummer but
there's nothing I can really do about it
I know what the truth is and I know that
like I perform and I go into her because
I like meeting you guys and I like to
perform so that is a truth about that
but I do want to listen to the people
who were nicely telling me like the
show's too expensive I love you guys and
we're gonna drive to Chicago now so I
got a pack because my crap is all up all
over this room girl
it is everywhere um that's huh I love
you guys and I will see you tomorrow
