it's late so today's you were excited
cuz the show comes out in exactly one
month I guess in Detroit you guys have
Tim Hortons Tim Hortons which is a
Canadian coffee shop doughnut place um
when it's bringing me back like living
in Vancouver because I lived there for
so long and it makes me miss it so I'm
very happy there are two theaters at
this theater so I have to walk across
this theater for my dressing room which
is back there to get to the actual
theater that I'm performing him which is
really weird I've never had to do that
before guys I'm so sad
remember like a month ago when I made a
ukulele and the dazzle day well it broke
look the string came off it can't be put
on it snapped and this is missing a
thing like on the airplane I guess they
didn't handle it correctly and it just
snapped and it's broken and I am so sad
and so now um we had someone run out and
get me a new ukulele and it's so big not
used to it it's like a guitar not been a
good day it's been rough I'm so sad
about my ukulele and I'm back from the
show and I just ate so many french fries
I'm wearing onesies someone got me for
the show tonight it's a unicorn and
thank you so much I loved all the
presents I got tonight tomorrow we are
driving to Fort Wayne except a show
there it's a really big theater and we
haven't told hardly any tickets at all
it's interesting like I'm seeing like
less ticket sales and I'm used to lately
I'm not quite sure why I think maybe
just because like I've already toured
everywhere on the planet and so
everyone's like I have already seen her
show so I don't want to see it anymore
um
or maybe people just don't like right
anymore I don't know what the reason is
but ticket sales are less than they used
to be which is kind of disappointing but
it's life
I'm not going to sit here and like not
talk about it because it's something
that kind of sucks um but I am stoked
for people who are buying tickets and
like I still always put on like the best
show possible even if this shows like
half sold or less um anyway I'm sleepy
I'm gonna play ukulele for a little bit
and then I'm gonna watch Game of Thrones
that I'm going to go to bed thanks for
watching today guys and I hope you're
having a really happy day and um yeah do
something nice for someone today I love
you and I'll see you tomorrow bye hey
guys so I'm in Fort Wayne now we spent
the whole day driving here from Detroit
and today is a very exciting day because
it marks 30 days until haters back off
comes off on the butt so I've been
posting pictures and tweeting about it
all this kind of stuff so um that's been
really good I've needed some goodness
and happiness in my life lately so it
makes me really happy to see you guys
excited so thank you for being so
excited and supportive of me and of this
show and yeah I'm just I'm soaked on it
so I can't wait to show you guys the
show I can't wait to show you behind the
scenes stuff I can't wait to do anything
that has to do theaters back off it's
like my biggest source of happiness
right now is that show I'm very proud of
it but I have been slowly rewriting
parts of my live show and I reworked
this one song the show and I'm adding
I'm adding a song in it which requires
me to get a tricycle so we're going to
Walmart to get a tricycle today yeah so
that's what we're doing
this one's really funny but I don't know
if I could give it going oh sorry
it's got in trouble
we had success we got a bike and we got
a new course because the old horse I was
using is getting a little limp and now
we're gonna get some dinner at Olive
Garden cuz we're classy you didn't know
I was filming you but you were dancing
about that I am back at the hotel Olive
Garden was delightful um so let me think
here what did I want to talk about oh do
you guys ever eat something garlicky and
then the rest today you taste garlic in
your mouth whenever that happens to me I
like desperately crave coke is that
weird I'm just curious if that happens
anybody else I've never talked about
that before because why would I um
but I've never heard anyone say that
before but it is something that is like
severe for me if I have garlic taste in
my mouth like I need a coke like so bad
like all I want right now is a nice cold
coke and I will want a nice cold coke
until the flavor of garlic goes away in
my mouth forever tell me in the comments
like if there is a flavor like after you
eat something if you like crave
something else really badly I just I
don't know why I'm curious about that I
just want to know hey I know these vlogs
have been super boring guys I'm super
sorry but yeah today was a travel day
which I'm so not used to lately um I've
been having a lot of travel days when I
go on tour which I really don't like
like I don't like it at all like I don't
like having days off when I'm traveling
because I'd rather like I could have
done a show a show tonight and I could
have like met a bunch of you and
performed which is like something that
makes me really happy so to be like in a
hotel room alone like I don't know like
I just don't really enjoy it um that's
not my personality like I just don't
enjoy that very much so I hate when I
have days off like I really do when I
want to or when I'm at home I like
having days off so today is kind of like
a day for me um yeah I don't want to be
a downer though so I think it's
important to encourage each other to
stay positive and half
and you guys do that for me and I'm
really appreciative of it so thank you
and um yeah you know actually I already
told you to comment what things you
crave after you eat garlic but I want
you to comment something else too I want
you to comment all the things that make
you happy and that you're grateful for
in your life below even if your life
seems horrible and like the worst it's
ever been and you just want to get in a
ball and cry there's always something to
find positive about your life there
should always be something that like you
can find it like you know what my life
kind of sucks right now but I had a
chocolate cookie yesterday and it was
great
so yeah just leave a comment tell me
what's wonderful and happy in your life
I'd love to read a bunch of happy
positive things that'll be awesome um so
yeah I'm going to do some editing and go
to bed I'm really excited haters back
off comes out in the mom oh my gosh and
tomorrow's my show in Fort Wayne
Indianapolis so if you guys live around
here come out to the show not many
tickets have been sold so there's plenty
left if you want to come then I'm going
to be in Chicago same thing or Rosemont
which is right by Chicago we've sold a
lot of tickets but the theater is like
4,000 seats so even though we've sold
like over 2000 tickets it's going to
look half empty because the theater is
freaking massive um and then
Indianapolis is last as you're going and
then again not a lot of tickets are sold
so make sure to get you tickets y'all
come see me give me a hug all right I'm
gonna go work now goodbye a little you
don't lunch hey guys thank you so much
for watching this vlog I'm trying out
this new annotation thing that YouTube
just started doing so go ahead and click
the video you see on the screen if you
wanna watch another video of me um and
you can click the subscribe button if
you want to subscribe for more videos I
love you guys so much remember to choose
happiness and not hate and I will see
you tomorrow bye
