it's boring and late did you miss me
hey guys I was blogging every day for a
while girl ruff today I was blogging
every day on tour in Europe and then I
got home and I stopped blogging long
time and now I'm back on tour so I'm
going to born again I look rough because
I am wrong but we are at the Denver
Colorado Airport leaving me in this coin
and we are headed to Detroit tomorrow we
have a show in Detroit in the next day
Fort Wayne and then we're going to
Rosemont Indianapolis oh you gone for a
week and I'll be vlogging every day or
trying to yeah I'm back sorry I was gone
for a while did you miss me did you miss
these bags under my eyes
Hey just kill the woman sorry girl place
my harddrive character so I wanted to
get like some concealer and stuff Ariana
Viva Glam let's take out that every
single penny of it goes to HIV and AIDS
so I wanted to buy one and I did but the
woman like I can't find an even lamp in
my system so I'm just going to bring it
up in the right yard line today sounds
like bull doesn't money he'll go to
hiv/aids I know so anyways she's like
and she's like oh I found that she was
like ready to ring it up and not give
the money to AIDS which we're going to
fly now I'm at the hotel it is 1:30 in
the morning
and I'm sure tomorrow in Detroit or I
guess today for you if you're watching
this um nothing really eventful happened
for you guys to watch today sorry about
that but I did just want to like post
something to update you on life and say
hi what is why am I doing this I just
want to say that I love you guys and
thanks for being supportive of me this
week even though I've been a total
slacker and haven't been posting videos
sometimes left just gets to be a little
bit too much and there's a lot going on
in my personal life right now but I'm AM
okay and I'm so in desperate need of a
meet and greet to like hug you guys and
hang out with you and to get on stage
and hear you laugh so I'm excited for
the show tomorrow and for the show's
rest this week so if you're in Detroit
or Fort Wayne or Rosemont or
Indianapolis please get to use the show
I'd love to see you guys and sorry this
vlog was like the actual most boring
thing in the world hopefully tomorrow
will be a little bit more entertaining
and I'll be wearing makeup and I'll be
performing and all the things but other
guys and I'll see you tomorrow bye
No
Oh
