it's complete it means that you had it
in the butt again Oh dad I don't know
I'm talking like this today is another
one of those days where like hair what
are you doing why are you looking so
bizarre we might have to do with this
proof of craziness we leave tomorrow but
we're about to go downstairs and say
goodbye to Lee and I'm so sad I'm lovely
I don't want to say goodbye it's time to
say goodbye you're terrible good I'm
sadly I'm sad too but also very happy
I know I'm happy I'm excited to go home
but I am sad to say goodbye to a nun
they're all very sad say goodbye to you
well I like you I'm the best thing about
the world it's quite clearly oh my god
you're such an idiot I'm bummed you're
bummed I'm sad I can Mickey kid does it
what does it mean that's Cory just
bummed me like you got you got bummed
yeah oh my god I had known I say I say I
I'm bummed all the time that means that
you got we're sinful me and my friends
are both dead
it means that you had it in the butt oh
my gosh let's gamble how many times have
I said that in these blogs my mom keeps
crying keeps crying it's like we do make
fun of me a lot but we love them so much
why
oh my god I'm moving to Copenhagen
goodbye I'm supposed to go home tomorrow
but I'm not I'm sorry Josh I have to
stay in Copenhagen this place is so cute
it is beautiful I'm I love it here just
we're gonna take a boat tour and see all
Copenhagen I'm so excited I'm so pretty
here oh my goodness
I'm here with Damien Damien so excited I
look up and again we did James and Simon
are you doing oh it's a party up in
Copenhagen right I'm having so much fun
with my friends and Damien and I were
obsessed with this one YouTube channel
when I'm that Damien like six years ago
or something you're obsessed this one
YouTube channel that nobody watches and
we always sing songs from it but he just
reminded me of us up Damien leave her
sing a song with me so I've been waiting
in my room and I've been waiting by the
phone
sometimes in my parents room
but I'm always waiting alone for you
really only be one oh really watch this
channel I'm not gonna wait anymore I'm
not but I'm singing this rain it's sunny
now but in five minutes it will be
raining
are you good
so we're at the Little Mermaid's that
you and Cory just fell in the water
thinking was sad day are you okay
ready to go to Amy Schumer you have poop
on your pinky let me see yeah so I've
heard to tell you guys something really
exciting tonight we are going to see Amy
Schumer I'm yeah I love Amy Schumer so
much she is a Queen of the Universe
yeah we're very very excited to see Amy
Schumer and then tomorrow I'll go home
I'm so happy I'm like filling all the
fields I love Copenhagen I love my
friend I love Amy Schumer I love my
house at home I get to go home so we're
gonna go back to the towel and get ready
for I'm usually are at Amy Schumer and
I'm not allowed to look
drops in like the gym without purpose
that's my agent and we're at Amy Schumer
and I'm not allowed to film during so
this is what you get just me before
we'll see out it I'm sure it's gonna be
amazing she is the queen of the world
I'm so excited right now
and she filled me so we love that yeah
fast forward two days I'm in my bed and
look who's I'm jet-lagged but the dog is
not so the dog is still sleeping I'm
watching a game of Thrones in bed and
yeah the flight home was long and I got
home and just cuddled the dog all night
and woke up at 6:00 and is now 8:30 and
I'm just starting to do my makeup so I
can be like ready for the day yeah
thanks for watching all of my adventures
in Europe and all these vlogs I cannot
believe I'm home I'm home for a week
whoop-dee-doo and then I go back on tour
so if you want to see me in Fort Wayne
rosemont which is basically Chicago I
think it's right next to sure oh um
Detroit and Indianapolis you can get
your tickets
um they're not sold out they actually
have a lot of tickets left so if you
guys want to come make sure to get
tickets I wish I could bring this
special guest but he sleeps too much
Oh
