it's boring unbelievable excited we're
in Copenhagen we left Germany this
morning and we flew to Copenhagen and
now we're at the theater and we're going
to do a show and today is the only show
where the meet and greet is after the
show so we actually have a little bit of
time to spare but this is the lifestyle
that I'm used to obviously hop it on a
plane running straight to the theater
doing a show doing the meet-and-greet
waking up early next day and doing it
again so we had a show last night and
that we have a show tonight and this is
my pace like I like this oh my gosh okay
so I've been so busy that I forgot
something exciting was happening today
um excuse my hair uh Netflix finally let
us show you guys some pictures from the
show so everything's been like super
secretive aknowledge show you anything
costumes sets anything but Netflix today
release some photos like variety and all
the different press people and I don't
really care about all that I just kind
of I can show it to you guys so here are
the first pictures that we're allowed to
show you from haters back off I'm very
very excited about it I'm like freaking
out so um I want to talk about him a
little bit okay so I don't I don't even
know I'm so excited
like I feel like October 14 feels so far
away so anytime I get any little bit of
information I can share with you guys
like spaz so I feel very spazzy right
now yeah you can kind of see the set and
you can see like how the characters are
dressed and what they look like which is
really exciting
um so yeah I'm just super excited I get
to share this with you guys
and someone did notice ester at Jenna
and Dax said I love that you included
some old props and things that Miranda
used only we will know oh my gosh so
cool yes so I brought a whole suitcase
of stuff up to Vancouver when we shot
the show full of stuff of Miranda's like
Miranda clothes
Miranda props and sprinkled it
throughout the set and so if you only my
fans will notice that stuff so when you
guys are watching the show you can kind
of look in the background and pick out
different things that you've seen in old
random videos
things that you've seen in my house
growing up clothes that I've won an old
mine to be a stuff like that so um I
can't believe you already noticed that
because I didn't think anyone would see
that until the show came out so Esther
props on seeing that in the background
of the pictures yeah I'm so excited so
you guys have now seen Miranda's mom and
her uncle and her best friend Patrick
and I'm so excited for just you guys to
see more of like spazzing anyway okay
well excited and you guys are all
freaking out it's so cool because it's
like it's stuff that I have seen
obviously forever so I have seen these
pictures and I've seen obviously I'm
living on that set for months um but
it's so exciting to watch you guys
respond to it like it I'd like making me
freak out excited for like the show to
actually come out because I get to see
you guys I figure out this for the
actual show because you're saying you
love the set and you're all making fun
of Miranda's costume and a good way I'm
hoping a lot of you are excited about
the characters so it's just cool to see
you guys talk about like the show and
what it looks like I don't know I'm just
happy and I'm in a DM a bunch of you
guys now so love you Hey here we go
we're about to do the lash
oh my gosh I just finished the show and
I mean great this is midnight guys
because today we had to do the mean
greet after the show which was different
usually we do it before but because we
landed and had to go straight to the
theater we had to do the meeting after
so it's midnight we're just not getting
back usually I get to my hotel like 9:30
or 10:00 um the show was so good and the
audience was just amazing and so sweet
and the meet-and-greet was so much fun
and I just I loved every single second
of it today was such a good day I am
just so appreciative I feel so loved and
so happy and so lucky that this is my
job and I just I don't know I just feel
great so thank you so so much big thank
you to leave for being our tour manager
on the road he's the best and I'm so
bummed that say goodbye to him tomorrow
here is to the wonderful tour I had
miranda camp 2016 it was so much fun so
I'm gonna put together a little montage
of just some wonderful moments that I
had on this tour so I love you guys I
can't wait for the next tour I'm so
happy love you guys
you
thanks for watching everybody don't
forget to subscribe to my blogging
channel because I've been posting videos
pretty much every single day and you can
see more I'm gonna I'm gonna vlog
tomorrow I know it seems like this is
the end or something but I am gonna vlog
tomorrow in Copenhagen and then I'll
vlog when I get home and see the puppy
and I'm probably going to see my cast
and then I get to see Josh so I'll keep
vlogging um but thank you for watching
and I will see you guys tomorrow
Oh
