whatever you celebrate we're on our way
to the theater but we gotta make a
Starbucks run I don't drink coffee
really but everyone else does so they're
all gonna get coffee I'm gonna go walk
around for two minutes before we go to
the theater but took the firefighters oh
my gosh look at this the firefighters
and they're telling us about the fire
this is interesting the kids are
teaching their cousin how to get the
Miranda because their cousins gonna be
in the show teach em how to do the
Miranda and I can barely this
overwhelming Brooklyn just fell just a
girl's are my sister yeah this is
Jessica's sister Sarah and these are
Sarah's kids not you're not my kids I
need to sign some headshots so Parker's
gonna walk for me
- headshots this movie's dandy right
there I'm sorry the identity here G
panties are not voters from when he
kissed they were drawing super fast um I
wanna show you a tour backstage this is
the bathroom
no basil out you in there separate the
camera I said everybody's allowed to go
in there except for you the camera
okay it's time to do the meet and greet
I'll find what time I mean yo mouths
truthful so randomly my camera decided
to just die in the middle of Mean Green
and we had a really strict weird rule
this mean rate were like we only had an
hour we have to be out like legally had
to be out of the venue in one hour and
usually mean grits or an hour and a half
so we had to start taking pictures with
iPhones which we haven't done since I
mean like I was working comedy clubs
years ago so it was really weird but I
think probably you guys liked it better
because that means you've got the
pictures on your phone immediately and
didn't have to wait for me to upload
them but that was really weird this
never happened but yeah like so we had a
cap of when we had to be where we had to
get out of there but at the same time my
camera broke so it slowed everything I
was crazy but cut to me everyone there's
a lot of like really awesome people from
the Twitter fandom here today and yeah I
was just cool see one follow me guys all
right I got a whole lot of presents at
the mean grapes I'm gonna go through
look how awesome bathrooms he got a
puzzle and some cool crunchies thank you
so much
all right we got a Miranda thing start
starter pack it says because you're
building and beautiful because we wanna
keep you safe because of those annoying
cat lacy give me huge back a close-up I
think these are pajamas we have blankets
for me Daisy and Gus and this cute
little crop top that's just cute but
psycho this is amazing on this awesome
Kitty College in here my gosh they are
their matching pajamas to my cat I'm so
happy he lacy got me a pop socket on my
phone a while ago and I've used it to
the bone like the rhinestones are
literally falling off so she got me a
new one think he's not very cool oh my
goodness and we have some dark chocolate
cherries delish thank you oh my god
these cozy slippers thank you these are
amazing you think you know the way to my
heart these are my everything
Eric come here I got a card that says to
Colleen and Eric this everything these
are amazing I go through these like
crazy this is shock therapy thing these
are incredible and like are super
helpful this is a really good gift and I
was in my shoulder pain like scented
Ines it's amazing thank you that was
really little towels this gift I got
wonder who this is from
from make it I'm totally making that
tonight and chocolate chip cookies hello
look at this don't give me so help me
open this one it's amazing
blanket oh it's so soft look at some
pictures of me
sorry thanks guys I'm gonna keep going
through all ELISA thank you so much for
all the gifts you guys are so thoughtful
okay it's Stephanie's birthday and a
couple of days and she always goes above
and beyond to make sure everyone else
has a wonderful day a wonderful birthday
wonderful eyes
so we got her teenie got her a big cake
and we're gonna just rub the crop little
- oh my eyes are already H's cute
sweater she's literally shaving her
moustache I'm sorry I did not realize
not right before I go on I'm getting it
for you for Christmas
please thank you okay choosing a
moustache gee what's that like meanwhile
my family are like everyone I know
everyone's where's your shirt
okay that was terrible Jessica's cute
outfit
oh my gosh she sounds crazy
that's literally she kind of noxious
super snake or fire or
it's 1:00 in the morning we just got
home from the show and what's a natural
thing to do 1:00 in the morning when you
have to leave early the next morning to
drive to Bakersfield to do another show
and you're exhausted from doing show
order talk about with your cousin Andrew
and make a bunch of cookies that's a
normal thing to do a 1:00 in the morning
and look at the cookies I made I'm using
these little sticker thingies that I got
in my peel box Oh cute and I'm like
there's even a quarry one what you guys
don't make cookies at 1:00 in the
morning after you've had a really long
day of traveling for hours and
performing when front of a bunch of
people and then driving another few
hours back home and then realizing it to
wake up in like six hours to travel
again to do it all again
you know guys don't do that too much
trust me I'm gonna finish editing my
videos cuz now that I've done with the
Miranda one look I just finished
exporting I don't know if this one I
have to make a thumbnail and upload it
and then I need to edit my Killeen video
for tomorrow which I think it's just
gonna be bloopers because I don't have
anything else if I was down thanks for
watching I'll see you tomorrow
merry holidays
