it's far enough away just freakin poked
a hole in my skin where's the flickering
hello I don't know it's flickering I am
in Hamburg anyway I thought since I'm
obliged yet today I've been working once
today today I would do something a
little bit different um instead of
taking you through my whole day since
the whole day's basically going to be at
this theater I will do like I get ready
with me video because touring and being
upstage is like half of my life
basically so I thought I would show you
this what I do it is almost 3 o'clock
right now I will do soundcheck in a
minute and then we do a meet-and-greet
at 4:30
so before the soundcheck I try to get
ready as much as possible because you
never know soundcheck is going to go
good or bad so you don't know how long
I'm gonna be onstage so I just try to
get it very ready beforehand so I have
makeup on from this morning but when I
do theater and I am on a stage I like to
go full out with the makeup because with
the stage lights and everything it kind
of washes you out so I put on lots of
makeup for the show so I'm wearing
makeup but I will put makeup on top of
my ring which is like a big no-no but I
do that first thing I do is put on
foundation and I use NARS I've been
using this for a long time maybe like a
year or two I love it I use the all day
luminous weightless foundation if you've
seen any of my makeup tutorial any
things I'm always using this it's very
full coverage kind of cakey so a lot of
people probably wouldn't like this but I
like it a lot
the next I will do my concealer so I
have two color concealers I have one for
like blemishes and whatnot and I had one
for like under-eye although I feel like
this isn't even light enough so always
get extra concealer around my mouth
because of all the Miranda so I put on
tons of concealer above my lip because
otherwise the Miranda lipstick stains my
skin now I will use my Laura Mercier
translucent powder all over my face and
then I baked underneath my eyes won't
watch girl for lunch some kill so next I
do my brows I use this brow palette I
don't guess my benefit I use the dark
color and has like a gel and a powder
and I use the matte like powder
huge eyebrows drawn on alright next I'm
going to read I'm going to fix up the
eyeliner that I plan this morning with
Mac liquid last eyeliner this stuff is
like a tattoo if you don't like
waterproof mascara you will or eyeliner
you will hate this is very hard to get
off but that's why I like it because
when I'm sweating on stage it stays on
my face I just do a really horrible
winged eyeliner look with no eye shadow
and the reason I don't use eye shadow
for my shows I'm just gonna brush this
off um is because eyeshadow really
defines my eyes and like kind of makes
me look a little bit more glamorous and
I start the show as me but then it would
change into Miranda on stage and so I
need a makeup look that can look like me
and Miranda normally as Miranda I would
wear any makeup but I don't want to go
on stage as me to start the show no
makeup on so I do eyeliner and mascara
and eyebrows because it really defines
my features when I'm like Thank You
Miranda Faison my eyes look bigger but
it doesn't make my eyes look like
defined and pretty it just kind of like
outlines them to accentuate when I like
open my eyes and lift my eyebrows and
stuff so that's why I don't wear any eye
shadow during the shows okay so now on
to bronzer NYX Cosmetics matte bronzer
in the shade medium I second my cheeks
I'm put it with I think it's supposed to
go but I don't know what I'm doing
next is Blish okay so today I'm going to
do a bold lip I'm going to do some like
Maroney purpley color I know that a lot
of girls line their lips and like may go
outside the line it makes you look more
full and luscious but I can't do that
guys because I then look like Miranda
because going right outside my lip line
is how I do my lipstick for Miranda so I
just have to stick with the left sides
of it I am using Ariana Grande's lip
color today okay so there is that color
it's not as dark purple as people think
it is almost it's black a lot of times
in like advertisements but it's more
like a purple so next what I like to do
and this is kind of weird but I like to
put a lighter color lip on the center I
don't know I just think that like hombre
looks kind of cool so that is what I do
for show so I'm fully caked out I'm
wearing so much makeup right now you
guys like I look like a porcelain doll
and I know it looks crazy but this is
how I do my makeup first show just
because of the stage lights and
everything this is what looks best for
me so this is what I do already
I'm time for Souchak I need to my hair
though because this is quietly
you
damn check is done um and now I wait I
have a little bit of time for the
meet-and-greet
so I usually edit during this time or
respond to emails or something because
right now in the States people are
starting to wake up so my emails are
starting to go off so I have to somehow
between now and the show have a meet and
greet make sure that I'm reading all my
props are writing everything and watch
three episodes of my show from Netflix
and send in notes I don't know how I'm
gonna do it but I'll figure it out
a lot of people ask me what's on my
writer so I don't know if you guys know
what that is but a writer is something
that's like a list of it's a list of
things that you need to have backstage
with you so you know we might hear like
Omar I carry only ones red M&Ms you've
heard crazy requests like that before I
don't have a crazy writer on my writer
is coke cuz coke keeps me energized um I
also have lots of bottled water on my
writer um I try to drink a lot of water
because I get really dehydrated on stage
whoo I just freakin poked a hole in my
skin I also have fruits and vegetables
on eyewriter I try to eat healthy when I
am on the road and it always fails so I
eat vegetables and fruits while I'm
backstage so those are the things on my
writer so I'm gonna get ready for my
meeting but you know okay it's time for
the meet-and-greet oh you can't see me
okay
hi guys so I just got home from the show
it went well it was like probably the
quietest audience I've had on tour but
it was solely fun and now I am
facetiming with this one hi there guys
yeah I got it to work ah mr. poopy hi
Bubba
a little poopy he's so cute you're so
happy okay I'm gonna
Oh
