it's boring I'm on my period so that's
really cool hi guys good morning we're
still in Cologne because yesterday the
meet-and-greet I was told that there is
a lock bridge here and it is the
original so everyone knows about the
lock bridge in Paris apparently but it
started here this is the original lock
bridge so I just bought two locks I
bought one for me and Josh and I bought
one for Miranda and I want to write
little messages on them and I'm going to
lock them up on here and if you ever in
Cologne you should come try to find this
alrighty I've decided we're going to do
it here just because for no reason but I
want you guys to be able to find it so
we're at we're going to it across from
this pole which is the fifth pole in on
the from the side where the big
Cathedral is that's what we're going to
put our locks it's already wrote on the
Miranda one I put now I will be in
cologne forever I am the best person
alive love Miranda so lock that one on
you
you guys want to find our locks where
the fit pull over
from Cathedral I'm directly across from
it Suzanne's is like two over and so's
Cory's you just have to go over a couple
more to find them we have made it to
where are we
hanbei Hamburg I'm on my period so
that's really cool I have beef to pick
with Germany because in States we have
like the type of tampons where like
people because time to your bohemian in
order to get the tampon it and the only
time we can find here is debri feel like
just shut up with your finger and I'm on
my period the last thing I want to put
in my vagina on my period is my very own
finger
so I hate it but anyway I have them in
my purse and they feel like lipstick so
I almost pulled it out to like put on
some lipstick and I gave it to Cory and
he like put it on this lips like he was
putting on lipstick and I was like you
just put your mouth on that and I'm
definite in my coupon later so your
mouth basically is going to touch my
vagina and he said hey won't effects any
bump flat hey guys I didn't vlog much
today we were just driving all day and
then we went for some dinner I wanted to
take the rest of this vlog to talk about
something I just posted my video where I
talked about how a guy thought I was a
prostitute in Munich and ordered me to
go to his room basically if you haven't
seen the video yet when I was in Munich
and this guy came up to me and try
started to talk to me and German and
broken English I didn't know what he was
saying but he was talking about a hotel
room and then he went to the elevator
open elevator door and he was behind me
and he shouted at me and I turned out
and looked at him and he said you come
to my room now and like ordered me to go
to his room with him and basically he
thought I was a prostitute he wanted me
to go with him so that he could do
whatever he wanted to me basically you
can even watch the video to get the
whole story but it was gross and so I
told out my main channel and I'm reading
comments and a lot of people are being
like oh my god this is disgusting but I
just now marine comment says well you
should stop dressing like a hissy skank
you show off your boobs
and booty and hang around Gaiman all day
skanky first of all I don't know what me
hanging out with gay people has to do
with anything and why that would make
someone think that I was prostitute but
um the other thing is he said you know
it's because you dressed like a hussy
which clearly I do look at me I I wanted
to talk about that for a second because
I actually said something in that video
that I deleted when I was filming video
I was like well you know what I was
wearing my pajamas which was pajama
shorts and a tank top like kind of
putting some of the blame on myself that
that man think thought I was prostitute
and also I when I told Josh about it he
was of course furious but he was like
well what were you wearing and I was
like wait a second why is this a
question that we have been taught to ask
when girls are sexually harassed or
assaulted or raped or anything I feel
like oftentimes the first question
anyone asks is what was she wearing as
though what she's wearing is deciding
how a man will treat her I don't know I
hate that that was my first thought I
hate that was Josh's first thought we
didn't have bad intentions it's just
kind of what's been drilled into our
brains from a young age like that is
what we're taught to ask like well what
was she wearing cuz it was probably her
fault which is insane like we shouldn't
that should I should not feel guilty
that that man was a disgusting pig face
and looked at me and my body and thought
I want that it's gonna be mine and I'm
gonna treat her terribly and order her
to my room to have sex with me
because she's wearing shorts like it's
my fault because I was wearing shorts to
me that's crazy because guess what if I
saw a man who I was attracted to wearing
short shorts and his you know no shirt
so I could see his you know sexy chest
or whatever I wouldn't ever be like one
he must be a prostitute I also would
never be like well because I can see his
chiseled abs he's mine and I'm allowed
to talk to him in any disrespectful way
that I want because it's his fault
because he's showing me his chest and
his abs so that means that I can be
disrespectful about how I talked to him
and how I treat him and he's an object
for me
like no one would ever say that about a
boy but if a girl has cleavage or is
wearing short shorts and suddenly it's
her fault if she's sexually harassed or
abused like I don't know why that is
what we have been taught but it needs to
go away
because I I was wearing pajamas and even
if I was wearing a bikini or it doesn't
matter if I was wearing a bikini or a
onesie my clothing is not the reason
that man was an asshole like he was a
dick because he's a perverted dick it
had nothing to do with my clothes and so
I was just a little sad that that was
where mine well my mind went and where a
lot of people's minds go when they hear
stories like this like the fact that
that guy was like well it's your fault
because you dressed like a hussy what
like I don't know I'm hoping that's a
troll but I have seen a few comments
that say stuff like that I mean there's
no said prostitute you do look like a
prostitute like is it just the more I
think about it the more it upsets me
like the more I think about what had
happened to me and how much worse it
could have been I'm really lucky that he
didn't try to grab me or do anything to
me um but you know also in these
comments I'm reading there's so many
stories like I asked you guys in the
video it has something like this ever
happened to you and that's the reason
I'm reading the comments right now I
want to see if anyone else can relate
what your stories are and that's how I
came across those stupid comments but
there's also so many stories that I'm
reading of other people that this same
thing has happened to them or how men
have been inappropriate to them are
treated them like their body belonged to
them like it's just so sad and it's so
gross like I'm reading that my mom is a
taxi driver in England she dresses
glamorous while working while she was
working last week a man got in her car
looked at her and said I'm surprised you
haven't been raped yet like this at
these this happens all the time you
sound a bit like a feminist yeah I do
because I am a feminist being a feminist
isn't bad being a feminist means that I
think women should have the same rights
as men that's what feminists me
I don't hate men I think men are
wonderful and I think people who are bad
people are bad I don't think men are bad
or women are bad or women are better
than men or anything like that that's
not what a feminist is i I believe that
women should be treated the same as men
should be treated and men should be
treated the same as women are treated
that's what a feminist is so it's not a
bad thing to be a feminist no joke this
happened to me when I was 14 a block
from my house a guy saw my friend and I
started and he started asking for prices
asking when we were free and trying to
get close to us it was creepy we got
away as soon as possible that is so
gross so a lot of people are saying like
all my country's so embarrassing I'm so
upset that this happened in Germany I
don't look down on Germany for it that
could have happened anywhere that could
have happened in LA my hometown it could
have happened anywhere in the world it
was just that one guy and I have met
plenty of other perverts all over the
world so they live everywhere this is
Germany anyway there's a lot of
wonderful supportive sweet comments on
here as well there's not just horrible
stories and stupid ignorant people um
but yeah I just I wanted to talk about
that for a second I wanted to let you
guys know that you should never assume
that if someone is harassed or abused
that it is because of their clothing you
should listen to the person and find out
what the story is and if someone is
having bad behavior make sure that
person is responsible for their bad
behavior don't blame it on someone
else's clothes or their body that is
crazy to me like I I hate that my mind
went there I hate that a lot of people's
minds go there I hear it a lot like
girls get blamed because they of how
they were dressed as opposed to like
making the guy you know pay for his
horrible actions and so anyway yeah to
answer your question when I was wearing
I was wearing pajamas and it doesn't
matter I love you guys and I know this
entire video was just me like venting
about that um but yeah it's just been on
my mind since it happened it was
really weird experience I will see you
guys tomorrow and hope you have a great
day and good night
look
Oh
