it's gone I just wanna vodka
hey-oh all righty so we found a bathroom
it cost a dollar to pee I don't
understand that about Germany Germany's
been the only place to tap into us so
far but it cost money
have you ever had a dirty toilet yeah I
just sat down on a web key toilet and it
was $1 we are right now and we're headed
to a chocolate Museum
I love chocolates like my dream come
true the mom doesn't know where we're
going but Leesville two beans to Cory's
recording knows where we're going I
wanted it to be a surprise the show
tonight and then tomorrow we drive to
Hamburg and we only have three more
shows left guys just flown Hamburg and
Copenhagen and that's it so my hair so
dirty I haven't washed it in like four
days winning how cute is this little
 we made it to the chocolate Museum
my mom was not impressed and did not
care did you know you dumped toothache
betray my artworks in the I heard
working in this bean factory is it's
almost I don't know how much more I can
do with all but at least I have you
if we're together I could do anything
what'd you call me
I knew your Chi be honest I'm really
ever since you saw and where you're
going to keep your eyes off them and now
here I am working alone in this box of
all places know what I'm which I quit
cookies danger stop
this is normal to have to watch out on
the road for we found a little cute
house and what do you do when you find a
cute little tiny dark alley that you
don't know anything about you go down it
oh yeah
German and white people you see the
brave Emperor Karl Diego it's paid in
honor of him when he discovered Germany
in 1912 shut up you Wiener barbecues you
with potatoes some steak and you all
stink no everyone what do you want I
wanted to see because you're getting so
angry you're suing cool you just want me
to order food and getting assessment and
your mom did exactly the same thing just
rent those where she won't I went to the
whole man game on seven are you getting
all I supposed to gets one thing to do
you pick something else what I want you
to do Hector to over dinner this was so
mad all the time I love you I meant beer
about to start to show five minutes I'm
winding down y'all I am having a blast
but I'm also very ready to go home like
I'm very very homesick so I'm excited to
go home but I just found out something
horrible so Josh and I thought that we
were both gonna be home the same day we
thought that he was going to play list
and he was flying home from playlist in
Washington DC and we get home the same
day not true today I was just like I
just got the phone with him and I was
like oh my gosh I'm so excited like to
see you on the 3rd only five more days
and he was like no the fifth and I was
like no the third he said no the fifth
and I got home on the third and he gets
home on the fit
and I am so bummed because I have to go
home and I'm gonna be home alone and
I've to wait two more days to see him so
that's super crap sauce but at least
I'll see the puppy sounded good alrighty
I'm gonna go do a show and then I will
see you guys after this vlog is called
grumpy little leprechaun drive a vanity
a car park myself that's 40 minutes so I
had an account open the bloody door and
then I charge in three-year-old for a
buck nice I just want to vodka
this feels like we have been on tour for
400 years and we I'm so used to going on
to her and like we have show up to show
up to show up to show and it's too much
and then I end up fainting on stage it's
just too much
so this tour we are like hey agent man
can we have a little bit of a break
every once in a while you know if we go
into it for a month
it'd be nice to have been more than one
day off and he just we have too many
days off on this tour so um it just
seems to go faster when there shows
every single night so we have two more
shows left five days which is very odd
no life at all feel to remain like I've
got a wife to get home to say look at
your big big big benkei yes baby baby I
said only thing you're big you're big
your face Nick pick bak like you do the
cookie soon when you're big like me yeah
your big big big what are you seeing
what do you mean if you're gonna you're
gonna bake some cookies oh why is it a
face why is bacon hey I like like with
drag queens ooh and you bake like other
guys just like you're big like I don't
make the rules
that's just what it's called and North
Rock I don't know you want to say you're
big whatever you got a pasta big look at
your pasta big my pasta big I I don't
know what he's saying guys I'm sick of
his face
I'm not I love Li so much but anyway
we're tired we're gonna play some uno
and I don't know probably so away my you
guys they you saw us go to chocolate
place I got chocolate lipsticks I also
got these from a bunch of fans on the
strip so they're all packed up but I
bought some so that I could eat them
right now I'm very space because I feel
like I probably eat like 400 pounds of
lipstick a year but I want to eat some
chocolate lipstick so oh excuse me while
I open this alrighty let's try this
mmm way do you think mama milk chocolaty
mom and I am not the hugest fans hugest
biggest fans of milk chocolate but it's
good it's the best lipstick I've ever
eaten there's dark chocolate on the bum
no pretty good y'all that's blue do you
want to try some lipstick now you're all
good afraid put mine on the day
No
Oh
