I'm wrong it's boring and bleep oh
that's cute launcher hey guys so we're
in Munich and we have like an hour so
we're going to try to explore a little
bit of Munich over here I love this city
I've been here before I'm very excited
and everyone here so nice so I'm super
stoked here is Munich
I love it here so much look at this just
everyone go it's so pretty and I just
love it I just have been the happiest
mood I came here once and for with Josh
but we didn't do much exploring so to be
able to walk around the city today has
been really exciting this place is
beautiful
I am just so happy I love it here so
much I never want to leave I said I
thought everywhere I go but I just love
to travel so every place I go I like
love the most
I'm also the type of person who really
lives in the moment and so I enjoyed
that exact moment I'm living to the
fullest so I really do feel like this is
the best place I've ever been when I was
in Ireland I was like this is the best
place I've ever been I just I don't know
I love traveling and I feel really lucky
that I get to do this this is amazing
huh hey guys so we're at the venue in
Munich apparently it's like an old
circus or something I'm gonna have to
show you
Ruthven awful oh yeah so weird I've done
some shows in some weird venues but I've
never done a show on a circus before
this was really bozo
sound Matt I can't hear myself singing
at home already we finished Mean Green
and we had dinner we have a chef here
tonight who cooked for us and it was oh
good oh my god the food was amazing I
should have blogged it that my camera
was charging however I have more food
you know in case I'm still starving
after the 10 million meals and just ate
someone brought me cheesecake homemade
fresh this morning
okay I'm gonna try to pronounce this in
German cuz sick guichen I don't know how
to say editor cheesecake from Lydia's
mum enjoy it I'm so good oh it looks so
good look at this beauty this is fresh
I'm so excited to eat this I need to
find a fork here we go this smells
really good that's good that's really
good that is cheesecake y'all okay so I
am backstage right now and I've been
doing well with not straightening my
hair it has been a curly please I have
been using a curling rod on some of the
like super frizzy parts so I still have
been putting some heat on my hair but
it's definitely still better than using
the flat iron every single day so I'm in
a good place so um I want to show you
guys how I get my lashes long because
I've told you before in a video in one
of my vlogs but I'm gonna show you I'm
gonna add to what I've already done
I'll show you so I'm already wearing it
right now but basically my eyelashes are
maybe like 3/4 of this length but you
put on your favorite mascara first
that's a tip that people forget with
this stuff and then you get any kind of
the fiber lash mascara I use adore Mia
adora I just got on Amazon like 20 bucks
um and you use the gel first you already
have someone so this is probably just
gonna look like a spider and then this
which has like fuzzies on it there and
it looks like you're wearing falsies
it's craziness and then you have to coat
it again with this otherwise all those
little fuzzies will just fly off mmm mmm
mmm honest yeah I just got off stage
it was such a good audience oh my gosh
Germany Berlin was like this too
like the audience's are just really
really enthusiastic which I love like I
love an audience as loud and screaming
and laughing and um it gives me so much
energy and I'm now like out of breath I
was just such a good audience it was so
much fun so if you came to the show
Munich and in Berlin will and any show
but specifically Germany like the German
crowds are so freaking out I loved it so
thank you for coming and I'm gonna wipe
off my lipstick there's a leprechaun oh
my prince thank you my queen
watch it launch it does that mean cheers
yeah launch it to your good health oh
that's cute Sloane sure
Oh
