it's boring believing our sniffles hi
guys welcome to whatever day it is we're
in Berlin and we wanted to get some food
so we started walking to this restaurant
that looks really cute in a park
so my GPS said it was attendant walk and
after about 15 minutes I was like mmm
the sanctimony the way and then I look
to my GPS again and it was like 20 more
minutes I was like my bag so now we're
going back towards our hotel we're just
gonna find some nasty pizzeria or
something I wanted like tradition in
German yeah we want a traditional German
food and I found this cool like German
restaurant in the middle of a park but
we don't have time to go because we have
to go soundcheck so we're in Germany for
a week so we have plenty of time to get
some sausages and some bean our
schnitzel you guys I totally forgot my
camera the hotel which sucks I'm using
my phone so the sounds gonna be bad it's
gonna look bad I apologize I don't know
what to do we're about to do the meet
and greet it's a big theater and we've
sold like 400 tickets so it'll look
pretty empty but that's okay I'm excited
to meet the foreign people who got
tickets but I love grapes and these
grapes are deceitful because they're
very small so I thought they were
seedless they're definitely not and I
ate my mouth welcome they were very seen
full did you have a CD great plum did I
have a CD great no I did not
hey guys so I didn't really log much
today because I didn't have my camera
and how much was going on um but yeah
the show went well
everyone was so nice that was one thing
that like blew my mind today at the meet
and greet everyone was so nice like so
and not that every show like every show
everyone that I meet is so nice but here
it was like insane how a nice day where
everyone was like overjoyed to be there
it wasn't it like different today mom it
was like really was
everyone at the meet and greet was just
so so so happy to be there and it was it
was really cool it was really fun fun
meet-and-greet today and um it was a fun
shows quieter than usual but it was it
was good anyway tomorrow we're gonna try
to explore a little bit of Berlin okay
so one last thing before I close out
something I always do and I and most of
you should know this if you watch my
videos a lot but I journal a lot and I
journal every tour that I go on every
time I travel I journal and I've been
journaling this tour I look at my
journal what I do is I take a Polaroid
camera with me so that I can have
instant like photos to glue into the
book because one thing that kind of
sucks about stucks when then it kind of
sucks about how we live now versus when
I was a kid is when I was a kid when you
took pictures with your camera like you
had to wait to get them developed and
then you had physical pictures that you
could look at why can't I talk tonight
and now you do everything on your phone
and so you never get actual printed
photographs and I really love that and
so um I have all these Polaroids that
helped me helped me to be able to like
have something put inside the book I
also take with me like fun different
papers that I can cut up and put in here
this one was from Birmingham though I'm
saying the worst part about Birmingham
was trying to order room service I
ordered food they said 45 minutes 45
minutes later they called and said they
didn't have anything we ordered what so
like that's a story I think I told about
it in the vlog but I've already
forgotten about that so to have it
written down and to have pictures that
go with it like it's just something that
I really enjoy um I also take like room
keys and glue them in here
like my mom's birthday so I have
pictures for my mom's birthday and her
cake and I don't know I just I think
this is a cool way to travel and I
highly highly highly recommend that you
guys do this I just get a simple like
journal from any drugstore this was
probably like six bucks and it's such a
Koi to remember your trip I don't know I
just think it's : I think if I one
should do it so I'm going to stop
blogging now and I'm going to write in
this and then I'm probably gonna watch
Big Brother and then I'm gonna edit and
I'm gonna automap so well see you guys
tomorrow sorry this vlog was like the
most boring thing in the world but you
were warned because in the intro song of
these vlogs it says it's boring so you
can't complain alright good luck good
morning guys we're still in Berlin and
we are headed to the Berlin Wall our
part of the Berlin Wall just to look at
before we head to Munich because we
didn't really get to see you I feel like
some days you just look really gross and
you're like why do I look different
today than I did yesterday like
yesterday I feel like I look fine and
then today I feel like I look so weird
the way um we are gonna go check out the
Berlin Wall before we go to Munich and
I'm just so confused by my face and my
hair and my all the things
haier I looked a witch
um that was the longest drive ever it
was seven eight hours seven hours hey
I'm gonna have hours
now I'm like why did we not fly to these
cities cuz on our days off I was like oh
we're gonna have days off and each city
it's gonna be so great but really we
don't have days off because we're
driving on the days off which sucks
because I really want to see the cities
that were in but it was cool to see the
Berlin Wall this morning and now it's
like almost 10:00 p.m. and we can't see
any of Munich because we have a show
tomorrow
so that really freakin sucks however we
got addicted to Game of Thrones because
my mom has never seen at Corey's never
seen it and I haven't ever seen it so
everyone's obsessed with it so I was
like okay at Walt I'm gonna try it and
see what I think I tried watching once
before but I wasn't really paying
attention and so obviously I didn't like
it because I didn't always going on but
this time I was forced to pay attention
and it's really good we're all addicted
to it so now at least we don't care that
we have these long drives because we'll
have something to watch we could go eat
something in the good day so nothing
really happened oh maybe
haha
Oh
