it's boring please that don't look like
no chocolate girl nice orange my dad and
my sister just left for the airport and
I'm super super bummed out about it um I
had so much fun with them here it was
amazing having them I love them that
make me so happy I look so tired y'all
but they had to leave and today we are
headed to Germany and I'm really excited
to go to Germany I've been to Germany
once before and I loved it so I'm real
excited to go back um but I am a little
bummed out because um my shows in
Germany are not selling well which is a
total bummer but that's okay I'm excited
to meet the few people who do get
tickets to my shows um it'll just be a
very intimate experience it's just
always weird when you're performing in
like a really big theater and it's like
not even half full anyway um I wanted to
start off this video today by eating
some Irish candy because I cannot tell
you the amount of gifts that I got here
in Dublin was madness and the thing I
got the most of was candies but not just
any candy the thing I got the most was
Killeen candies I have my own candy in
Ireland guys Killeen is an Irish name
and a lot of people make fun of how I
say my name my parents my family we say
kollene and most of the world says
Colleen but actually it's an Irish name
it's an Irish word for girl and how it's
pronounced here is the correct way which
is Colleen so I was really excited to
come here because I have an Irish name
so they have clean candies and I'm gonna
try them for you right now on camera
alrighty so lunch the moment I don't
know if these are like toffee or caramel
or what they are but looks like you have
a bunch of different flavors first we're
going to try orange chocolate it's hard
candy and there's something inside of it
which is kind of freaking me out a
little bit okay it's hard mmm ooh that
tastes like an orange popsicle next one
this one is chocolate caramel oh my god
British food hmm
my god you know it's really cool about
this
usually if you have a package full like
candies at all the same but all be hard
candies or they're all be chewy candies
these are a little different this is
very chewy this one is just chocolate
that don't look like no chocolate girl
that's orange the hot oh I like that one
that one's weird just like chocolate in
the center I don't know what the coating
on is on the outside just like wax oh no
this one's a little like orange I do not
like licorice so this is kind of my
worst nightmare right now having to eat
this one mm-hmm
Oh Oh Irish butter toffee and he Clare
the purple one
they're so hard to chew yeah I mean now
I'm just his like caramel all right
Irish butter toffee okay I like that one
oh I've never tasted anything like that
before I taste the butter YUM
that's really good oh my god so that is
the Colleen candy that I'd I'm gonna try
all the other candies another thing
we've got a lot of was potato chips here
would you guess is because Ireland is
known for their potatoes and all the
potato chips I had a really good but one
that was really popular here is cheese
and onion I'm gonna go explore Devlin a
little bit before we have to get on
plane and go to Germany mom and I
wandered around Dublin and we came
across st. Patrick's Cathedral and
apparently I have the soundtrack because
there is a Orchestra playing right now
with this
Oh
oh you're gonna take something out of my
minibar just ultimately just talk from
getting the bomb why are you so angry
today leprechauns
oh I bribed to uh close at the balls oh
okay for my home Maxwell I forgot to
close up the vlog yesterday um we just
went to the airport and flew to Berlin
and some cuties Mehta said the airport
with doughnuts and then I had a really
gross cheeseburger and then I fell
asleep and that's what happened that's
what I didn't film but today we're in
Berlin and we have a show so I've got to
get ready for that I love you guys and
I'll see you tomorrow
and there's a leprechaun in my room say
something I wrote her
Oh
Oh
