I'm wrong it's boring and bleeding
hatbox legend Tom huh
oh we are walking in the rain and look
at Cory's umbrella I'm looking he is
broken so I got a broken one and it's
working really well for of the themes we
are gonna go check out a castle in a
minute but first we wanted to walk
around this pretty park
sorry guys about that but the tour was
kind of boring and I like when castles
look super medieval still inside and
this one's like been remodeled a million
times so I was just trying to make it
entertaining for myself and I hope you
don't unsubscribe alrighty so now we're
at the venue and I bought this
pennywhistle oh I was gonna use it in
the show but instead I'll just serenade
you all with it everything in my tree
Rachel asked me to write her a song and
so I did Rachel are you ready for your
song yes
Rach eyes happy sigh smile again she's
really I have to warn you that there is
one thing
don't smack your lips around a beautiful
thing all right so I'm gonna do
something crazy for the rest of this
tour uh typically straight my hair I
have naturally curly hair this what my
hair looks like um I had to cut it for
haters back off which a lot of you guys
probably already know um I chopped off
maybe four or five inches for hitters
back off and then during the shooting of
hairs back off we straightened it flat
every single day like burnt the crap out
of it and it started breaking off on the
ends and getting shorter yeah several
times a day they straightened my hair um
I started breaking off on the ends and
since hairs back off I've not got my
hair trimmed at all and it's still
breaking off because now I'm on tour and
I've been straightening it everyday for
tour so that my hair looks nice for the
show but I want my hair to grow so I'm
not going to straighten it for the rest
of tour which is very weird for me I'm
used to always straightening my hair for
every single show gonna be in pigtails
the rest of tour guys let's see if I can
do it I'm challenging myself because my
hair is falling out it is probably two
inches shorter than when I first cut it
just from it all falling out and I still
need to get it trimmed so anyway we need
to do a mean green
in a couple minutes and here is some
lovely musical theater singing which
with me in core because where we dad
always said that admit wait what is it
come as wha when I was five I remember
my mother dog here inside of a car they
wondered what it was it embedded
something and you wanted to stop he
wasn't more my mom to her well not I was
happy
I'm the man
that's when I started class so I was
eight or nine so I was eight or nine I
hated her well different is nice but
surely pretty pretty what's it about I
never met anyone who was different
you couldn't figure it out so beautiful
I never let you see it was clear not her
well then to me I'm so excited because
I'm going to go to the high school to
Performing Arts I mean I was dying to be
a serious actress anyways it is the
first day of acting class when
auditorium and the teacher mr. Carver's
on the stage their legs are on everybody
at the back of the other he says okay
we're going to do improvisation now
you're a bobsled and it's snowing
outside and it's cold
okay good and I dug right down to the
bottom of my soul see what I had okay I
dug right down to the bottom of my skull
they all had something but I got nothing
except the feeling that the expulsion
was absurd dead but I said to myself hey
slowly the first week maybe should net
it in padlocks LEDs in time on all be
nothing they talk aloud it which really
makes my world
he was so helpful
they call me helpless until I really
didn't know where and mr. Karp kept
saying Morales I think you should
transfer the girls hi
you'll never be an actress lovin Jesus
life went to church playing Santa Maria
stand me guidance
send me guidance online me like a good
girl who went to church children Santa
Maria only pilot help me please and I
drug right down to the gone
Oh
Oh naughty this up wit Ivanka Kosta
Koufos it's also how you fart
Oh
