oh so I'm an idiot I'm at my meeting
gree right now in Dublin and I was going
through and deleting old footage and I
just deleted all of the footage from
today you do for the bed so basically
today we walked around Dublin and it was
really fun and we saw the Dublin Castle
and we saw the Statue of Molly Malone
and we just had a grand time but you
don't get to see any of it so I'm an
idiot
I'm in Dublin we're doing the meeting
green check it out
look at all of these presents are you
kidding me this is craziness
you guys smiling so much oh my hair I
started take out my hair and now I'm
like half we're going to have not what
is happening delicious cake
MVP that's been doing this for 10
minutes oh I just thought it was
randomly doing it so my mom is obsessed
with James Taylor so we're playing James
Taylor music right now for her birthday
are you having good birthday mom hey
great birthday so finish the show and my
dad is massaging me because he's the
best at in the universe and my shoulder
is a mess which I'm super sad about it
was feeling a lot better and then I
slept on it bad last night and now it's
all out of whack my dad's helping me she
was fun tonight sorry that I totally
deleted a bunch of footage I actually
found a little bit of footage from
earlier today so here's that one thing
about the show tonight that was super
sad was that there was no air
conditioning in the theater and it was
so hot it was like a hundred degrees on
stage I've never sweat that much in my
life anyway we're gonna hang out my
plate window because that's all we ever
do and go to bed but happy birthday mom
we're gonna go to a castle tomorrow so
make sure to check that out I love you
guys and I'll see you later
