surprising my mom said and I'm like
freaking out I like wanna tell her so
bad that Rachel my dad are Gumby
hey guys so before I start this vlog in
Dublin I'm in Dublin right now my god
look this is my roommate I wanted to
talk to you really quick so um obviously
as you know my best friend in the whole
universe
Corey DeSoto is on tour with me and he
said a few things to me that um have
made me a little bit sad he keeps saying
like how like a lot of my followers
don't like him and like a lot of you
guys have been leaving me comments and
stuff on his videos which makes me so
sad because he's like the nicest I know
that there's a lot of you on here who do
love him and I want to prove it to him
so I want to try to get him to 300,000
subscribers today so I want you guys to
show him how awesome you are and how
awesome he is and go over to his channel
if you're not already subscribed go
subscribe to him because he's been
trying to get to 300,000 subscribers for
a really long time and he keeps seeing
all these horrible comments and so I
just want to shower him with love
because he works harder than anyone I
know he never gets a day off he is
amazing and so um yeah I just think
that'd be really really sweet of you
guys to do so let's get him to 300,000
subscribers I'm curious if we can do it
today so I'm gonna put a link here and
then also in the description below
let's go subscribe to him he makes
hilarious videos that he has no idea I'm
doing this by the way let's surprise him
and get him to 300,000 subscribers let's
also get me to 5 million subscribers oh
yeah I'm ready for the fight okay let's
get on with the vlog okay good morning
everybody today we are gonna go to
Ireland
but we have like 10 minutes before we
need to go the airport so since Rachel
and dad are only here for like five
seconds I wanted them to see a little
bit of London so we're at Westminster
hey Ben
she is in all her glory we're looking at
Big Ben but we only have like five
minutes we need to get back to the van
and go to even though it's right
to get a Guinness
give you pointers of what's going on or
we are on our way to the Guinness
Factory and I'm so excited I've been
before I won it is way too overexposed
I've been before rush rush it yeah it's
super fun but now we're gonna take all
these Queens and my dad doesn't drink
beer so he's gonna have a blast
oh my god guys we're in of all places
it's a crazy world excited to do them
beers what do you need to make a good
beer if you think your two ingredients
like barley water ding dong ding dong
you missed one
maybe sugar no he's far yeah yeast
what's this barley barley he read it in
your best American accent dennis is
bread using the combination has mold
head on Malta and roasted barley reading
it with the most American accent you
carry the most California is brewed used
accommodates the ball Department
drink in a very specific way
every day when you drink it be sure your
tone
so we decided to cumple that Irish come
and get a bunch a really Irish
oh my gosh it was so much fun and as you
guys are watching this now it should be
my mom's birthday my mom's birthday
because it's August 22nd and that is the
whole reason Rachel's here so her reason
my dad is here so everyone please go
wish her a happy birthday on her
Instagram and on her Twitter and
everything she is the best mom in the
whole world and I feel really lucky to
have her
so anyway go wish my mom a happy
birthday I love you guys and I'll see
you tomorrow for the show and death
