whatever you celebrate
shaky-shaky Mucca Mucca Mucca laughs
alrighty guys hello welcome to a new
dawn a new day Christopher and Jessica
and the kids are here today Christian
are gonna do a little work which I'm
really excited about and the kids got
their presents from Hawaii look a good
partner we're just hanging out he's
obsessed with my phone the kids have
been playing with Pat toys for hours
Chris we're now gonna try to get some
writing done here he does this on all
your vlogs too like he's just like
obsessed with trying to write you want
this cute
what are you guys doing is Daisy playing
with you guys cute monkey in the middle
he playing with the other little town
Billy you can try on the train if you
want to as well I love when you guys
come over it's so fun I always forget to
vlog because I'm where she's having fun
but yeah we're about to film a little
video and yet Christopher and I were
writing and trying to come up so many
projects it was really fun I'm really
excited about that and that bro the
amount of times that that is said to me
when the kids are at this house burger
comes with me ah this broke and this
broke luckily things are just things so
who cares hold it don't replace the ball
and as long as you didn't do it on
purpose you notice that's Emma wanna wig
right look now you look like mallanna
Warren Helena more panting come on yeah
you were I never would have known
it's midnight
she'll dress like Miranda it is so much
later but I had a really fun day and a
really fun night even though I'm freakin
exhausted I the kid stayed for dinner I
made tacos for everyone and that was
really nice and fun just to hang out
with them and eat some yummy tacos and
then I was just editing a new song for
my show tomorrow the Christmas show
tomorrow Santa Barbara which as of right
now is not canceled I guess the shows
that the Libero which is the theater I'm
performing at we're cancelled today but
they're saying tomorrow it'll be back
open again but I'm really nervous like
it's really smoky there and the fires
are everywhere and so I just hope
everyone's safe that's all I care about
so I'm gonna call the theater in the
morning Billy is it safe like can we go
but I'm gonna tell you guys right now if
you're watching this and you're coming
to the Santa Barbara show please do not
wait for me outside sometimes I come out
and say hi do you guys before or after
the shows please do not wait for me it
is so unsafe to be outside right now in
Santa Barbara the air is so smoky
there's so much ash it will hurt your
lungs it could permanently damage your
lungs your eyes or throat please please
please I'm begging you
do not wait outside for me I will not
come out so you're not gonna miss
anything I'm not gonna come out because
I don't wanna risk any of you guys
getting sick from being out in the ashy
smoke I promise you the show is gonna be
really fun
I'll meet everyone at the VIP but if
you're not VIP I please I don't want
anyone to get sick it really stresses me
out I know it's hard to take me
seriously right now lipstick all over my
face but please try to take me seriously
because it really means a lot to me I
want you guys to be safe do not wait for
me outside
but um you can always go to the
Bakersfield show which is the next night
and Bakersfield only a couple hours away
if you want to if you want to come see
another show if you don't want to be in
the a shiness yeah I am really excited
for the show tomorrow I'm hoping it will
happen yeah so I was editing some new
songs to put in and waking up early and
driving to Santa Barbara's gonna be
there and all my friends and I'm really
excited that I'm gonna go to bed rotate
off this lipstick
I'm gonna go to bed that was sleepy
