no I'm so emotional oh my pregnant hey
guys
I did not followed yesterday cuz I it
was just a travel day and work day but
then today I have a show in London and I
woke up with a cold which is so annoying
but look have you guys been watching my
vlogs a long time you might remember
Damien from a million vlogs you were in
like my first Ireland vlog I'm like all
my London vlogs Damien's always around
he's a good friend of mine so I'm so
yeah every time I'm with you I make you
do that speech Oh what is looking back
on even cricket I personally believe
that you have unable to do that because
uh sama look at there in our nation
don't have maps and I believe that our
education like Africa and the Iraq
everywhere like such as and I believe
that they should our education over here
about us or should help South Africa and
should help the Iraq and the Asian
countries so that we would be able to
build up our future alright children
gets me every time
hey guys so um I'm going on stage in
like 20 minutes for my show um but I
just wanted to talk to you for a second
and I know I do this all the time and I
don't know but I have to I don't know
I'm not having a good day at all I feel
like every time I make a video like this
like where I'm like honest I get
emotional whatever I've always regretted
so I know I'm gonna regret doing this I
always want to delete it right after um
so who knows of all you didn't like put
this online or and the reason I hate it
are the reason I always regret posting
is because I'm always embarrassed by it
but then also like I hate that it seems
like I'm trying to get you guys physical
Killeen I love you and everything's
going to be okay and you know all it's
like I'm not looking for sympathy I'm
not looking for pity I'm not looking for
you guys to tell me to me okay I know
it's gonna be okay I just um I feel the
most comfortable
like venting and talking to the camera
and to the internet I don't know why
that is I guess because it's just such a
big part of my life but I know you guys
to think that I'm talking about how my
feelings or my emotions to get pity or
sympathy or attention or anything like
that because it's not it's just
genuinely like when I feel sad or stress
like this is for some reason what I want
to do I want to go online but I'm just
having such a bad day I think it's a
combination of things first of all I
woke up this morning feeling sick so I
already feel kind of lousy um I'm also
really homesick like I have been going
going going like doing the net foot show
and post-production has been crazy and
stressful like so so stressful and it
meant to be on tour which I love I'm
loving it like I'm not complaining
because I really love being on tour
arming on stage is like my favorite
thing in the world
um and then making all videos I just
feel like I work 24/7 at night just some
days I just want to be home I think the
biggest thing is like I I love what I do
I love performing I love making videos
I'm really proud of my Netflix show but
all of it at the same time is just too
much like it's I'm just feeling really
overwhelmed and really stressed and
lately there's been um there's a lot of
problems with my work like there's been
a lot of stressful situations and
problems that can't get fixed when
things aren't going how I want them to I
get really really upset about it and I
get really emotional because I'm so
personally invested in the show so when
things aren't going well like I get
really like really upset and it's hard
for me to separate like emotionally and
personally and like business like it's
hard for me to separate it because I
care about my work so much I feel like
I'm not making any
since and I just seem like this whiny
brat right now I'm just feeling a lot of
pressure and a lot of stress and I don't
see when I will get a break and so
sometimes that like makes me panic cuz
like I just wanted like I need a
vacation
not even we Gatien I just need like a
day where I can just be at home with my
family and not be like I dread looking
at my phone right now because it's just
stressful horrible emails and there's
nothing I can do about it cuz I'm on
tour and I don't know there's just some
days where you just are emotional and
sad and I guess today's just one of
those days and I know this isn't making
any sense but today is one of those days
I'm tired and I'm sick and I just said
I'm feeling really stressed out there's
just too much going on anyway and I'm
not I'd hate to complain too because I
love my life and I love my job
like I love performing and I know the
second I get on that stage tonight I'm
going to be so happy and like so excited
and feel so stupid for even complaining
a little bit um I'm just feeling tired
and stressed and overwhelmed and like I
can't do it all like I I don't know I
feel so stupid even saying anything I
don't know I'm so emotional oh my
pregnant I was so emotional
ah I'm not pregnant I'm just tired and
stressed I wouldn't know what I'm
talking about
please never get this way we're just
like oh I think I just need to cry like
I'm just really stressed out anyway I
know what you guys think I'm complaining
about my job even though it definitely
sounds like I'm complaining about my job
I'm not I wouldn't trade it for the
world
I'm so grateful for the network show I'm
so grateful for being on tour so
grateful for YouTube I love it more than
I could ever Express into words just
sometimes I just get stressed and I feel
like I need to cry and um that's what
I'm doing right now so uh like I said
I'm not looking for pity I'm not looking
for you guys to be like don't worry cool
me and take a break you deserve it like
I'm not looking for that I'm just
venting like you guys are my friend I'm
just
and I'm fine I just needed to get it off
my chest and you were the ones that I
wanted to get it off my chest you so
anyway love you guys thanks for
listening and um I'll probably delete
this video I'm not pregnant by the way
I'm just emotional I'm just a human
being who has feelings and emotions and
sometimes I get stressed and I feel
emotional so that's all that there is to
this right now
whatever I'm fine
so there's a few of you I can see on the
monitor backseat trying to get everyone
excited for the show it's just amazing
making the cut excited which makes me so
happy thank you uh ma'am I need to smile
so thank you oh my gosh I just got
offstage and I knew this would happen so
I have my little emotional breakdown and
I got onstage and everyone was so loving
and amazing but there was one kid named
Jamie so I'm gonna show you in a second
who was amazing I put him on stage and
he had me laughing so hard he was so
cute and he just kept saying how much he
loved Miranda and it was his dream to me
Miranda and this is the best day of his
life and it just it made me so happy I
feel so amazing I I still have so many
stressful things are happening tonight
like phone meetings and stressful things
but like that is exactly what I needed
and now I'm gonna cry tears of happy
because I like it just reminded me I
needed that so bad so it's so amazing to
me that the Internet is capable of
bringing people together and making
people happy and um like a nine-year-old
changed my day like because he watches
my videos I don't know it was so cool he
drew like he changed my life he made is
that was the best experience I've ever
had on stage before I just needed it so
bad today was such a bad day for me I
was so emotional and so stressed and so
tired and overworked and to see him so
happy like and to interact with him and
he made me laugh so hard I was crying
like I'm so grateful for that and I'm so
good
well for every experience that I have
onstage to see you guys laughing and to
see you smile like just why I do any of
this and um I know this is so silly
Lemmon crying well I look like Miranda
right now but um just thank you so much
because I love you guys and that is why
I come to you and talk to you when I'm
stressed and that is why like like my
mom is here my best friend is here and I
didn't go and talk and then to them I
came and talked to you guys um I don't
think people think that's crazy
and people make fun of the internet and
say it's not a real place to make
friends you don't know these people but
it's I so disagree like this is such an
amazing place to make friends and feel
better about yourself and about others
and learn about other people and when
you feel alone like you have someone to
talk to and someone who's there for you
and that's why I love the Internet it's
why I love YouTube that's why I love my
job so James if you're watching I love
you so much and thank you for making my
night because I needed that so bad and I
was so grateful for all of you guys so
thank you sorry I'm so emotional today
it just have literally felt every
emotion I have felt like severe stress
and sadness and and fear and um and felt
all the horrible things and now I'm just
feeling so happy and so loved so thank
you I love you guys have a great day
you
okay guys we just finished showing this
is James hi James got to do the date
with Miranda tonight and he killed it
was so funny I never left that hurt on
stage before how you know Jaime I think
I heard and I think I heard something
about one night you were doing this and
this boy we made you laugh so hard you
when a character yeah well you made me
go more out of character than I ever
have in my whole career
it was my daughter and I love you still
hit the back just kiss me late in sales
once the shoulder one boom baye baye la
gonna feel your winner turn your yellow
feet oh yeah I want to come on tour with
me everywhere okay oh my god
not some cheese balls
Gina I literally have I've never had
cheese balls before never on your mine
no because I act but it's just that I
like Pringles
and lens but really we are on a stage
you really are do you want evil I love
them I can't believe I'm reaching in
there
that was delicious
not too much for it was enjoyable for me
now your horse must be really sad
applause everybody
look
Oh
