I came here to be your friend not your
babe what's up guys today we are in
Manchester and I'm tired I didn't sleep
all night I haven't been sitting at all
so we have like 45 minutes before me to
go to the theater so we're trying to
explore Manchester a little bit we are
just going to walk to town hall we went
to Primark those looking for new shorts
to wear during the show didn't have any
look I did get a cute jacket that's
gonna fall part in three days look at
this
come on I don't have anything like this
in the States I'm so jealous of Europe
you guys have stuff like this it
literally looks like I'm at Harry Potter
world in Florida right now are you
serious we are at soundcheck this is the
theater tonight it's huge
Randy Kemp please so mad at me right now
yes yeah party for nice a gif file thank
you yeah that's how you say it but
that's not how suppose we pronounce your
season starts about two million acres
this Colonel Jeff I need is it is
spinach cheese look it up its production
it doesn't matter if you pronounce it
give it is supposed to be pronounced
bullshit no it does not be I thought I
was like I know who invented that I
totally lied to him to try to get him to
believe me that I was pronounced jiff
and he caught me in a lie
um but it'll just about fit whatever it
is pronounced Channel you know that's
fair enough but you can't just come on
bullshit what you wanna be like no it's
not issuing me luckily I went to go to
school I know that it's going
even of the EU the person that invented
it oh you're the one when it was
invented to the track
all righty Cory you're my guest
you're my
oh my gosh we just finished me angry you
guys went nuts not with the presence of
Manchester I've shown Miranda video so I
look like a queen but look at all of
this you guys are insane you spoiled me
rotten so we're gonna eat dinner and go
through all the presents and before I
guess I got and oh my god picture of me
and my bulge oh my god you're such a big
peen bulge Vij's okay so we're about to
do the show and I'm excited and I'm kind
of nervous today I don't know why cuz
I've made because I'm not feeling too
like my stomach hurts so I'm not like I
don't know I feel like you're nervous
that I'm gonna die on stage we'll see
what happens
Raymond do you like my hat I just got
home from the show and with my hair up I
look like a trucker but look how cute
this hat is it says happy and it
sparkles you guys give me the cutest
presents thank you so much and my my
friendship bracelet is filling up nicely
I have so many cute charms on here
there's a Dalmatian there's a little
tiny bedazzled telephone booth there's
so many cute charms so tonight Oh first
of all I want to say the Miranda camp
shirts this year I am very happy about
them because I drew them so the little
camp like sight and everything like I
drew this I did like 400 versions of it
and I finally like drew it and then
Rachel my sister made like the Miranda
camp wording and like put it in a circle
whatever it's like that on a shirt so
these shirts were fully designed by me
this is gonna be a bad angle Josh would
kill me but whatever
all right so tonight at the show
something really funny happened there is
a partner show where I bring up
different boys that like Miranda flirts
with basically on stage and there's this
part where like I try to get a guy to
put like his hand down my pants I know
it sounds really bad but it's totally
harmless and today I chose a boy who's
pretty young and um he
did something I've never experienced
before on stage and it made me laugh so
hard on stage it was probably the
biggest break I've had on stage like
ever because I like it just caught me so
off guard because it's never happened
before but usually the people I pull on
stage are really enthusiastic and
excited to be a part of the show and he
just was like not having it I tried to
get him to get like a cheese ball like
from my pants and he was like no not
gonna happen
and he was really serious and I was like
okay whatever like that's not a big deal
so then I tried to get him to kiss me on
my cheek and he was like no and he was
like really serious and like would not
do it so then I said well this has never
happened to me before he goes well now
it has and I just like was like oh my
god like he just shocked me and the
audience is dying of laughter I'm dying
of laughter and he is just serious like
here's a picture of me laughing and he
is totally serious like not having it
and so then he goes I came here to be
your friend
not your BAE it was so fun like I always
loved whenever I pull someone on stage
who surprises me so thank you for coming
to shows look at this what we have here
this awesome
miranda doll we're going to put this in
the front of the van I think because
it's amazing whoever made this you are
epic and then we have this awesome emoji
pillow we're going to sleep with on the
bus you guys have been spoiling us with
presents thank you one of my favorite
things I got tonight was a huge cookie
that said pop that pussy poutine on it
I'm going to edit and go to bed tomorrow
we are driving to London all day and
then I have to work all night for
Netflix so tomorrow is going to be kind
of a bummer day for me um but I love you
guys and I will see you tomorrow if not
tomorrow I'll see you the next day
Oh
