I'm lucky it's Korena I love all of this
land
I just do my makeup it's kind of good
we're doing it in the car um we are in
Liverpool are we here yes
and four queens in the back are dying
because we happen to come to Europe on
the three days that it's really hot so
it's like maybe it's most important
degrees that today you know what that
means himself he is using weirdo but
it's hot and there's no air conditioning
in the car
because normally you would use air
conditioning here so everyone is dying
it's really really really hot in the car
and especially back there they're in
like a little box of heat so they are
dying back there I'm by the window with
it open and I'm facin hot so I don't
know how they're living in the most hot
box back there but anyway we're gonna
hang out in Liverpool today and then
head to Manchester for the show tomorrow
Lee where are we speak hole and what's
what's a special about speak all its big
beautiful Tyson highs are the older than
America it is how old is it we have
decided to have a little picnic here
we're in Liverpool on from them be call
well we don't know how old it is
this room was built in 1592 in the
Renaissance era where art was
flourishing all around us and you can
see this prevalently in this room this
emerald green color is the green that
all the people from the plague had upon
their faces in remembrance of the people
this tapestry back here took five
hundred years to make five hundred years
each little stitch each little sewing
needle they had to create it on their
own and today it's worth about five
million dollars the vibe is very
prevalent in this house that was super
cool I'm usually not very good when it
comes to history I'm not good at
listening and paying attention my mind
wanders easily because just that's my
brain but I found so really cool
information in there I have a story for
you about something that I thought was
really cool so I guess back in the day
back in these days everyone smelled like
poop and pee because there was the
plague that was happening and killing
everyone and it was spread by fleas and
only way to keep the fleas off of you
was by smelling like ammonia and
smelling like your pee and your crap and
so they would put their hanger clothes
over the toilet so that the smell from
their pee and poo would come all over
their clothes so everybody literally
everybody smelled like their own piss
every single day and how you would stop
from smelling like pee as girls would
carry around flowers like in front of
them so you couldn't smell the pee on
you and when you start courting someone
you'd keep a big bouquet of flowers so
that they'd be attracted to you by all
the yummy smelling flowers and then once
you got married you would throw the
bouquet behind you because once you're
married you sign on the dotted line he's
got to smell your crap for the rest of
your life so it didn't matter even me to
smell pretty anymore because he is
you're both just gonna smelly pee and
poo together and that's where throwing
the bouquet came from I didn't know that
I think that's really interesting I'm in
it so we throw the bouquet because back
in the day everyone smelled like pee and
poo poo isn't that a cute tradition to
have it a wedding here now you get this
my piss for the rest of your life now we
are visiting the Liverpool okay so
there's this art up here it's like this
neon sign and apparently there's this
artist here who's really cool and that's
one of her art pieces and I love it
because I felt you and I knew you loved
me and that like it brought a tear to my
eye was like that is the sweetest thing
like if you've ever been in love that is
like such a true statement but what a
sweet way to phrase it
I felt you and I knew you loved me like
please want to cry I loved it anyway
this place is insane I love it here
and fee Oh something smells like a
ranted part Thomas banks now a lot of
you guys were like wait a minute I
thought Li was from Ireland and now
you're saying you from Liverpool he is
from Ireland he is Irish but he lives in
Liverpool with his wife so he is iris
you can be Irish and then live in
another place so no you must stay where
you're born you must be there so he's
showing us around right now and it's
beautiful I really like I didn't get to
hang out last time we came to Liverpool
on tour so this is awesome mom loves it
I do I love all of this land we're
playing you know right now and we are
all the most angry competitive people in
the world I'm just gonna let that run
you don't even have to pay an interior
not agreeing to so I am oh shut your
come on it's minor yeah get you guys
stop no no they competitive laced it but
I am it super competitive with you I'm
just going to country cards yo check out
for cars yellow
Kaleem years already this is soft the
chicken be bothered you have to yell
when one green is just walking away
you're on carcinogen uterus you wanna
tell your cards the way your cheat of
your team I've never seen anyone get
more stress on Irish so today was a
super fun today we just kind of hung out
in Liverpool thanks mom I gotta make
from Overland I just walked around went
to some touristy shops then we went to
this amazing cheeseburger place and just
hung out talked and then biggest burgers
what famous famous burgers he was called
almost famous it's really good so if
you're ever in Liverpool go to almost
famous it's really good burger joint and
then we got back to the room and as you
saw we played some uno was super fun
completely sober by the way like I've
had half of a beer so it even though it
looks like we're all plastered we're
just like we just have fun together and
we're all just laughing all the time so
it was a blast and I'm having a lot of
fun to her I am getting homesick because
I was in I was living in Canada since
April the beginning of April and then I
was home for a couple days and then came
on tour so I'm ready to be home but I'm
having so much fun but also I just want
to show you guys my little bracelet I've
already started to get some charms from
you guys to put to my bracelet which is
amazing so if you guys want to bring
charms to the show to give to me I get
every single gift that you guys give if
you want to give me charm stash my
bracelet I'd be really really happy to
put them on so I can remember each city
and remember who
gave me each one I did that on my tour
in August last year and I still have my
bracelets I failed two bracelets with
charms it was really cool um anyway I
love you guys and tomorrow is the show
in Manchester I'm super stoked so I will
see you tomorrow
Oh
