hey guys I'm so excited to black today
what's up guys you have the day off
today in Bristol and seem like there's
like anything super touristy to do here
and when I travel I love to do like all
the most touristy things which is don't
hinge it's only an hour and 20 minutes
away from here and this Queen qua won't
take me
wave is not close
it's an hour and 20 minutes away and he
won't take me you can't touch it no you
can stand away about fifty foot away
from ona cost 35 it costs 30 pounds to
stand fifty feet from them I mean
they're pretty cool you can see them
drive fast on the roads
so can we drag pass them on the road
still another half way so we're going to
Primark because you know pry marks don't
hinge it's about the equivalent now
something very embarrassing is happening
to me right now I'm in a bookstore and
my mom is asking them if they have my
book would you yeah yeah sure anyway
every time we're at a book store my mom
asks for my book but I really do want to
find my book here because - my hair was
so weird today
um I really want to find my book while
I'm over here because the book was
released in the UK different than it was
in the states in the States there's like
a sleeve on the book and here the cover
of the book is actually printed on to
the cardboard which means my name is not
on the book and Christopher's name is
not on the book as authors it's only
says it's written by Miranda which is
really funny to me
so I really want to find it they had it
they had my mom was so embarrassing I
went to buy it and my mom she wrote this
book this book and I'm like great now
this woman knows I'm buying my own book
I look like such a narcissist
narcissistic Weiner but they had it and
I'm so excited it's printed directly on
the book the cover which it's totally
different in the States was a sleeve and
on the sleeve normally inside the book
when you open it up it has my name and
Christopher's name on the sleeve but
this one doesn't have that so this book
literally looks like it was written by
Miranda sings because there's no author
name on it anywhere which i think is
really funny anyway I'm super stoked
that I got a copy of this because I've
been wanting it since the book came out
so we're in this weird like toys
Stewart not really it's like just like a
weird thing Stewart I guess so we're
trying to figure out fun things to do
from random videos and stuff but Corey
is looking at all the sexual products
really cool again roaming the streets of
Bristol he's wearing an orange backpack
to ward off all the haters and to keep
his Pokemon go see
Church and we're like really upset it
doesn't make any sense like they built
it in a way we're like you can't take a
cute picture project isn't it like why
would they not build it with like
Instagram in mind I know a second of my
cheese I think they weren't even
thinking about me when they built this
they were like we're just gonna build it
and not looking a dinner people wanting
to take an Instagram picture or a
snapchat like there's no way to get a
cute picture of it in person it looks
cute but like what's the point looks
good in person if you can take a cute
photo you know yeah you're right they're
such insensitive mobsters I know so
brick hey guys this is Evan and you've
been following our snapchats and our
Instagram like on a scavenger hunt what
you have a blog I was just an info
what's your fortune oh just right at
Morrison we are having a lot of fun
right now I'm vlogging on my phone
because my cameras charging but my mom
and Lee and I are playing uno in the
room and having drinks we went to an
Italian place for dinner and it was
delicious and then I had diarrhea all
over the place he thinks I'm disgusting
because I talk about that stuff and so
do probably all of you but we're playing
it on it's super super fun I haven't
played this game since I was a little
girl and it's a blast and we're all
beating Lee have you won yet okay so
time to play one oye already guys it's
the end of the night it's like midnight
now we just paid for our parking at the
van
normally Lee would do this all by his
lonesome yeah that's fine that's what
normally do I know but it broke my heart
to think of you walking along the city
streets by yourself Lee hard as nails
I'm hard as nails I like to try to
imitate his accent and I really bad at
it but I need to hear you do my accent
can you be like oh my god oh my god I
let see be like hey guys I'm so excited
to vlog today hey guys I'm so excited to
blog today worst impression ever it was
kind of actually I'm better I'm better
at southern American let's hear it yo
what's up y'all
oh that's very good and we're gonna get
some Cracker Barrell for dinner
oh hello Cracker Barrel
I gave me the burger and I get some
burger sauce on that guy I get it all
right up in my grill mm-hmm that's
pretty good I can't do an Irish accent I
can only make fun of yours
well anyway tomorrow we decided we're
gonna go to Liverpool and hang out there
cuz last time I was in Liverpool I
didn't really get to explore it and
that's where Lee's from so he's gonna
show me around his hometown which is
really neat Oh alrighty see you guys
come on
