it's gonna suck you suck you suck how do
you knows why my camera not focusing oh
come on
the focus camera I was just talking to
lead about Pigeon Forge Tennessee
Gatlinburg and I really want to take him
there I feel like you two living you're
gonna talk about the South right yeah
you're a wiener oh you're like all
Chatty Cathy with me this whole ride and
then now all the sudden when I turn on
the camera you're shy
well you just lay this week Zack you
suck you suck
we're headed to Bristol right now for a
show tonight and do we have tomorrow off
we don't know what to do in Bristol I've
also never really had a day off on tour
before so I'm like what you do what am I
supposed to do
just relax take care of yourself what do
you mean work I go to the gym wash
clothes work out do you work out
so look like we're going now
oh look at that that is the prettiest
little thing I ever saw you can't really
tell in this video but that is a already
about a truck injure the cute little
colored houses up on the hill by the
water Bristol Bristol Bristol Bristol
Bristol is the place we are into day
there's a Shakespeare tavern the
Shakespeare tavern that is the
Shakespeare da phone number Stella
Bristol we are in the Bristol Bristol
the Bristol of the world today
Bristol leprechaun Bristol streets and
the Bristol land of today hey great
practice my victory
and we eating a burger maven citizen and
kale absolutely awesome
so why wasn't but one thing that's a
breakfast like little market that has
all this food and it looks like it's
gonna be like like in the States if you
go on these little markets I was at
least ten two different foods me see me
like a lot of trash like a lot of crappy
tacos and french fries and fried pickles
and fried foods here it's like all
organic delicious good for you food so I
was very confused it's also foods all
like very strange to me like a venison
burger with kale on it and like a mint
sauce amid lemon no it's a partial
parsley lemon parsley lemon and their
hot dogs are like not hot dogs or hot
dogs are like white meat that I've never
seen before it's like free-range chicken
dogs or something but it's all healthy
for you what are you getting Cori
Jasmine your oil burners that means
breath free and then there's also this
fountain that you can walk down
oh well crazy is that
Mack one bunny I don't want you to
finish the mean greet and two haven't
taken off my lips yet but I want to say
something really fast about there's a
lot of differences between Americans and
people over here
and one of the biggest things that like
always trips me up is we say and say
it's like hey how are you and you guys
say that too but what a lot of people
say over here is are you okay
are you alright instead of hi how are
you and every time I'm like yes I'm okay
yes I'm fine like cuz I feel like I look
I feel like people I'm like I do I look
okay do I not look fine do I look bad -
it looks scared - I like tires like why
do i why are you asking me that
because in the states if you say are you
okay like that means something's wrong
with you you look tired you look
exhausted you look sick you look bad
like something is wrong so I cannot get
used to it I've been here so many times
and every time people like you okay you
alright I'm like oh yes I'm fine what's
wrong do I look bad so um I'm here to
tell you guys all that I am okay I am
alright and if you asked me if I'm okay
are famill right here I will probably
respond crazy because every time it like
freaks me out um say I need to take off
my lipstick oh one other thing I've seen
a lot of comments about my mascara
lately and which is random but I've seen
a lot of like tweets and comments online
about the mascara that I wear coz it's
crazy uh it's a mascara that I've
mentioned in the past on my videos um I
forgot about it
I stopped using it and then like a week
or two ago I bought it again on Amazon
and started using it as like oh my gosh
why did I ever stop using this stuff you
can get it on Amazon it's like the fiber
mascara
so this one is MIA adora 3d fiber lash
so it's two tubes you put like the gel
and then you put the fibers on and then
the gel and the fibers and I do like
three coats and it makes your eyelashes
look fake like it's insane it's really
really good mascara um but I remember
now I'm just now remembering the reason
I stopped using it like a year ago
was because I started getting comments
or like your eyelashes look disgusting
it looks like spiders you shouldn't wear
that much mascara
I was like and I stopped wearing it but
now I started wearing again because I
think it looks cool anyway I'm a marine
you do my makeup and I'm gonna do a show
love you guys and I am okay and goodbye
I totally forgot to finish out the vlog
yesterday but the show was so much fun
the people that I pulled on stage were
hilarious last night in Bristol so if
you came to shown and pulled you onstage
just know that you made me laugh so hard
one girl almost took out my tooth like
she fully punched me in the face for the
microphone it was really funny so I'd so
so so much fun in Bristol thank you to
everyone it came I love you all all of
my heart and now I'm gonna in this vlog
I'll see this world
Oh
