Oh ate today was french fries and a
donut I'm in Birmingham I was at Alabama
because I've been to Birmingham Alabama
before but I'm not
I've been Birmingham England the first
show is tonight I'm so excited you can
I'm so excited
um I'm signing posters right now I do
this before every single show I've seen
a lot of you guys be like do you
actually sign those yes I do I send them
before every show and it is the reason
that I have bruises and shot marks all
over my arm because I uh it's not
actually the reason it's like part of
the reason why oh my god can you just
mr. camera just handle your life so um
that is what I do before every single
show
all right hey guys I just finished the
meet-and-greet and with Lee's on I'm
gonna get you in lipstick for them
definitely are yeah I'm gonna get a sec
honey before the new you yes I will I
will do it this is the theater tonight
in Birmingham Alabama moving Regis ended
I need to change back into a normal
person look at all of these presents you
guys got me
you are craziness oh my god is it
crusted yeah
holy smokes that is insane
what it is tell you get something junior
pressure to me come on two three one two
three go girl
one two you're so thankful everyone
let's just saw you're like hi that's
right so I'm like ie that's a nice I
like Chloe
Oh Chloe thank you for the amazing
crosses look at all these kids oh my god
I'm gonna eat all these so hard they're
gonna be so oh my god little tiny pink
prongs for a baby when I have it in a
million years this is so cool I can't
wait to go dress up thank you guys so
much
okay I'm so sorry follow ya every once
in while I get lucky and there's a piano
in the dressing room so I am playing
around piano we got them
we got that
we got there
Oh
incision
I am make my Mary bad she sails um so
the show went well it was a fun show I
feel like there's a lot of stuff that I
want to change and fix as pretty huge
but it was good it was cute show but I
have a story I want to tell you guys
settle all I ate today was french fries
and a doughnut which is of course a
healthy diet but I'm starving and so we
get to the hotel and we ordered room
service and they're like okay it'll be
here in 45 minutes great a room caught
we had a call on the phone 45 minutes
later and they say hi so um you order
this salad but we don't have that salad
so what salad is it and we're like it's
the one on the menu in our room like
well we don't have that really okay
we'll just give us something else the
Caesar salad okay hang up 15 minutes
later they call back um you ordered a
pasta we don't have pasta so it's been
an hour since we ordered our food since
they said it'll be here in 45 minutes
and they're just now calling us and
telling us they have literally nothing
that we ordered and they were like
where'd you get that menu and we're like
in our room but as at this hotel like
your room service menu so like okay well
we'll bring you new menu they bring us
in your menu like 10 minutes later we
call them like okay we have a new menu
here is what we want and like okay let
me another 45 minutes
it is taking like 40 days to get food at
this freaking O'Doul so worse anyway
um tomorrow we're going to Bristol so if
you want to come see the show in Bristol
you should come and then come to
Manchester or London or come to all the
shows and want you all to come okay
Oh
Oh
