oh hi guys I'm backstage in Birmingham
not Alabama Birmingham here in the UK
and I have like 45 minutes before I need
to start getting really ready for the
show it's my first show tonight of the
UK tour I'm a little bit nervous but I
got a bunch of fans at the meet and
greet today so I wanted to open them
with you guys
that's what I'm gonna do right now um it
says have zero viewers so I don't know
if anyone this necklace so you see a
cactus neck cactus necklace you heard a
rumor about a cactus Nicholas I think
this is working let's find out
leprechaun I'm gonna go through all
these beautiful presents everyone's got
for me yeah lo the PD we just ate a
doughnut you can't have another are you
gonna have one why do you not know you
one I already had two so good summer
bras Krispy Kreme is 38 two of them all
right look okay we got we got a card
from Darcy
they made a card for Miranda and for
Colleen dual personalities here I don't
know if you guys want me to read these
out loud like I feel like some of these
are personal so I'm not gonna read the
cards now I saved them put them probably
read them usually but I got some monster
much pickled onions
oh yes that's good
oh oh my gosh they're like little rings
like love oh my god those are oh I don't
know about that I don't know about that
guy I hate I don't think I love you
thank you for getting away but it's a
lot where's my go I think you have to
get used to it or something what do you
think or Cory's making them vagina face
voodoo doll oh and there's a hair
attached to him about that it's a
superstar voodoo doll posh pork cackling
I feel like I need to do like pork skin
snacks I need to do like a video where I
like try these things or something
wait glitz I've never done any of these
things Marmite chips
okay I know Marmite is so I know that
that's a lot you guys did that natural
colors and flavors
sherbert lolly okay maybe I'll um I'll
put all these in a separate pile and
make a video trying these weird foods
and I'm not a stupid those pickled onion
chips were funny they put these little
doorsteps get out I'm ticked off at you
praying for you sinners get out I'm
filming this is funny stop y'all use
this in the show I think I feel like I
took baton lessons for like a day or
something can I take the time left I'm
Brittany Jensen did and I like my play
which outside the concert um anyway
thank you for the baton I don't know who
this is from
thank you kindly fresh meat cookies
sugar cookies oh my god in the shape of
a heart
thank you so much let's see you for this
this problem oh my gosh so sometimes
when we're gathering all the gifts
together we put some the cards together
so no find out look at this painting oh
my god she's smelling her hands I love
this so much and I also love my
balding head this is amazing okay
Queen
I'm gonna see if I can figure out who's
from hats hats Li ha feed Ali I don't
know how to say name Hatley sweetie I'm
not sure but thank you for the card at
least I think I see you man but let's
see if I could spell de hati hati hati
hati okay I just want to read these oops
and up stick thank you okay I see
something flush it's hello Cheney
there's no card on here I'm sure there
was one attached to not find it thank
you so much okay teen I am struggling
with some severe jetlag right now y'all
um check to see if anyone's watching
this thing just even working either unit
check see if it was working
um nothing
perhaps I should be fine Corey's cactus
necklace the hashtag is fine Corey's
cactus necklace I'm gonna retweet
baddest that's funny
someone something that's literally a
wands not a baton it is a baton it was
on either sign it was on one side okay
so we have tortillas wait six North
elastic Oh something else she was is
this like an England treat I don't know
okay it's a British treat I'll put the
British treat
okay I don't know what a no cake is
y'all oh my gosh doughnuts
Tesco fruity weird doughnuts oh my god
this whole entire bag was one pound
that makes me nervous it's that
expensive loosen bobby pins always
useful thank you it's a card that's in a
card thank you let's see from Mitchell
and jennette and clothes are some oat
cakes you can only get them in
Staffordshire where we live I would
recommend bacon on them write them in
your blog
okay well we'll see if I can then you
say they are lipstick thank you so so so
much
okay okay this blows my mind I've logged
this one so you guys will see in my blog
tomorrow when it comes out but this is a
picture of me so it looks just like a
normal average like picture of me in my
onesie right this is cross-stitch she
crossed it this this is stitching this
blows my mind I don't know why that like
blows my mind so much I think that is so
cool cuz we're probably just looks like
the picture but like you get a cousin
you see someone literally like bitch
this and everything
Mariano gave me this awesome well the
green wool then that cool same girl
Chloe for love this is pretty bad and
crunchy bits Cory
oh my god poop hello I can use this on
the plots you have a little van busting
me meeples my own hoop that's from Drew
thanks drew I love not poo it's the best
gift this knows how to win my heart oh
look at this these awesome glasses of
the eyelashes hi girl thank you for all
your amazing videos by oliver newell oh
my god this is so cool look there's like
drawings in it and it's like letters i
don't know i don't want me gives me the
life that I'm afraid like what if
they're like oh my gosh look at this he
drew my titties to Lecrae I appreciate
that as they are excited oh my god this
is so cool josh is in here oh my god
everything your mama's know those rosy
cheeks this is so cool oh my god your
big job Steve and my dad hold on my
name's Angela Kinsey oh my god this is
amazing thank you so much this is
awesome
I cannot wait to go through every single
page you got here
Ripken's rice cakes with milk chocolate
I've never really loved I was right
behind so it's a whisper never heard of
it
I'm excited to try all these foods well
some of them I feel like I've probably
tried in the past but this will come in
handy thank you I was right in the
fridge cuddle with him this is so cute
it's like a sunshine cat stain oh yeah
oh my gosh is this for makeup come on
it is see it's a pencil case but I'm
these on my makeup you that's a door
this is so cute oh my gosh that's so
cute I'm dying very cute I thought our
scale Beauty do a DIY I'm loving the
other day this is super cute thank you
so much you guys follow me about them i
love nezumi drawings they're always very
impressive music wow and oh my god is
this me yes definitely is looking cute
as always and then the A to Z of the
Evans and balancers so this is just
Rachel is a fit awesome creative pretty
and funny oh my gosh so it's like a
through Z so pretty you've got Tim
teenie and Trent
Stephanie's in here oh my gosh curvy it
says vagina scream okay oh my gosh
another cute band I guess look at all
these M&Ms oh my gosh it's a good snack
for the bus ride thank you this is so
cute oh my gosh okay
I flew 10 9 through five kilometers for
thirteen point five hours to see you
what even from Caroline
thank you or Carolyn to be Carolyn I'm
Grillin this is cute and I'm talking use
because my bag is disgusting and falling
apart Oh cute literally my makeup bag is
disgusting so I really need it thank you
so much I can't believe you flew so far
you came so oh my gosh in your
handwriting it's perfect it's like
really cute and small um oh my gosh this
is amazing
please do it Turin Asia
oh my gosh Carolyn I can't
oh my gosh I want to read Allah but I
feel like it's awesome um oh my gosh
where did you come from hold on I'm
trying to figure out where you flew from
I'm trying to figure out Singapore why
my gosh no way guys crazy oh my gosh I
can't believe you came from Singapore
thank you so much this is so cute I'm
gonna use it now I hope you see this I
don't know if resinous actually watch
this looking this presents see a candle
this is my dreamland this is my favorite
sentence in the whole world thank you so
much Mary Jane thanks making and Rachel
oh this is Cory oh oh my god this is a
soft a t-shirt or a head I'm in life oh
my god it's a pillow let's go
oh my god I could show that down I've
died amazing let's get one thing
straight I'm not this promise is for you
it's from me I think yeah thank you
thank you for me mom I think these are
for me they're all in this bag what a
little notebook oh it's a book of
messages from my fans this is awesome oh
my gosh she wrote them all out this is
amazing thank you so much I can't wait
to read through all of these little
notes then please open this is oh this
is a pillow that you open up and it's a
blanket mommy made it no way oh my gosh
this will work well in the bus oh yeah
it says I'm here use me as a pillow
unless you get cold then pull out my
stuffing and gently unfold after lap
quilt now with space for your feet and
when you're ready and when you're all
done yeah
when you're all done pull me back nice
and neat thank you for helping me Mia
this is amazing this is perfect for the
row - there's like this little like
space in the back of the bus that means
like a blankie this is so cute thank you
so much mom painful the back room
can I see yeah us me yeah oh my God look
at this term I first remember my
bracelet it's a monkey and then there's
a little cross as well where's my I need
a baby survived my bracelet bring it on
so act this shows you can buy these
because it's summer camp one of the
things everyone does at summer camp at
least in the states I hope they do it
here too is make friendship bracelets so
we have friendship bracelets if you guys
come to the shows and what I love doing
and what I did last year is you guys
doing charms from me so I can remember
you soon ah I will always remember Mia
and Birmingham here because of this
monkey once I'll put it on
then hopefully they don't or have a
bunch of fun charms from all over UK
thank you so much oh my a man is missing
he says I see it's just open up words
it's just like you made this this isn't
safe because it looks like it's a bucket
but I don't want to open it and ruin it
this is amazing thank you Mike I don't
wanna open it I don't know Roman it cute
it's from Lauren
well we got some wagon wheels go um
jelly tots challenge the rules jelly
tots are these jelly tots ISA jelly tots
nitu people dansgame blog fold and the
jelly tots many rounds do you want to
presume you have to guess the flavor a
second on you have to guess two flavors
at once the person who gets most of the
flavors right wins and gets to eat the
excess sugar at the bottom says that's
really funny this is amazing
I'm so excited jelly they look like
really sour I've never heard about
challenge before I've got a crumb thank
you for clean this bag is so Miranda
just a bunch of hers
this looks like it's a bunch of candy so
I can totally chocolate cream crunchy
I've had this before I've got a whole
bag of treats consumer know this may are
invisible
hi Wow my house okay let's all make fun
of me for wearing my mom yeah I'm not
gonna wear a hat on stage today oh my
gosh this is so thank you I'm so excited
I wanted us there's another one too
there's a pink one this is into you this
one's cute
this one's cuter oh my god this is the
cutest I love it thanks chocolate young
and Maryland chocolate okay I'm set I'm
gonna be on a sugar high for the show I
need a nurse need all the sugars okay so
here you have the milne is family you
look gorgeous
thank you with the trout here this is
going to be so handy when I'm trying to
do my makeup in the car
thank you very much and that balloons
and jelly babies computer for I'm
curious if your letter will find out
look at these little baby crocs are you
kidding me your horse I'm so cute
yeah we're son whoever comes first oh my
gosh we're almost done guys we got some
really awesome drawings drawings look at
this incredible you guys are so freaking
talented another letter which I will
open later build your own ran to singing
it's like they got our outfit what's
funny beautiful drawing beautiful
drawing this oh my gosh you knitted red
weapons someone like hand enemy is
killed that is insane um thank you so
much my gosh all these letters we got
some Miranda soaked books like Miranda
book letters letters letters I love all
these letters I can rest on the bus and
I thank you all this is from Amanda
Abbott she said stop seeing your old
because you're not I'm a year older oh
my gosh you like wrap everything so this
is so cute oh my gosh thank you so much
why not let the highlighter the nail
polish is how it is yeah
here this is for me and Cory
we have classic dark chocolates my
buying but I never know how to say this
is it arrow and arrow every time I see
it I'm like I don't know I know but I
don't know if that's are you supposed to
say it every time I see this I'm like
nervous to say it out loud like you
don't know how to pronounce it
thank you so much oh you have a rubber
duckie
it's a Miranda okay I love it this is
Queen Miranda this little I think it's
like a paw of a cab or something
almost it's like a little a tutu and
this black cool rock so this must be
from like wherever you're from Blackpool
that is awesome thank you so much
come in
no swear you can swear you just can't
see anything
oh I got a shirt but I think you may
want it my shirt no I got a shirt but I
think you may want away let's get one
thing straight I'm not no he loves the
be I do need to check step on stage are
you opening house
okay I will go check it all right
I'm saying even get out with you guys
and checking out all my cool fan
presents um thanks for bringing me gifts
to the show that's great yeah it's very
great I'm gonna sleep on it and the bus
from the event
alrighty guys I'm gonna go get ready for
the show and go on stage I'm really
excited if you come to the show make
sure to get the friendship bracelets so
we can match and um yeah I'm excited
it's gonna be fun times
I have shown bristled and then I'm going
to Manchester London Dublin all over
Germany and Copenhagen so get your
tickets I love you guys and I'll see you
later right
