it's not about on your booze today we
have a day off I should be working on my
show but I haven't loved it and I want
to hang out and do things because we are
going to the National History Museum if
you've been watching my vlogs since my
vlogs were on my main channel which is a
really long time you will know that I am
obsessed with Dinosaurs an obsessive
dinosaur fossils and last two times I
went to London this dinosaur exhibit at
the Natural History Museum was closed
and it was devastating so I'm hoping
that it's open it's my favorite dinosaur
exhibit in any Museum I've ever been to
so please be open
we have a double decker red bus
he's were created in 2007 to ride around
the Spice Girls this one
you
are you going mom to bellossom she was
awesome just plays accordion in the
middle of a London Street nothing makes
me happier than like my friends and
family getting excited and being happy
over the things that give me so much joy
and I love it here so just see them like
freak out over things that like I get
excited about - thanks me like oh
nothing makes me happier it's open I'm
so happy you guys like it you see the
dinosaurs today I'm so weak
I'm fine
not real
ah
no I like reading sign like and try to
make it sound sexual centrist Wars is a
plant-eater that moved large
I'll build them wanna hear some thumbs
was life as a key
the three middle
it's wrong
this right here is bone that made me
obsessed with Dinosaurs
first and ran asaurus rex fossil that
was ever found and it's a piece of the
jawbone and when I read that years ago
the first time I came here it like blew
my mind 68 to 66 million years old and
it was from Wyoming of all places never
in my life we have the evolution of the
pack you don't take care of a class the
second you get it
much larger and much more
I'm not about in your pools okay so we
came all the way to the Globe Theater
because we wanted to see that it works
and it's like a billion dollars to go
inside and it's not a real thing it's a
freaking replica so we're not going in
but that's it there it is see tourist
and guess who I found and when did you
care about them you I don't care
look what about in London I think I
think used to take pictures of me on
time your friends we're back in the
college days college days why I don't
even understand how you're here at the
same time to me this is like money
you're also a lot taller than me so lot
else a lot like not easy
all right so Isaac found does this cool
like rooftop bar so we've all got a
little drink and we're all hanging out
and we ate some cream puffs to look like
our boost juice and this is the view
wait why possible you have one without
yeah good news we found rockets to
Charlie in the Chocolate Factory today
so that's what we're doing today
okay all right well why is my camera
like freaking out do you see that what I
think there's a light flicker away
there's like a light flickering with
look thank you see that like strobe
light i breathing really quickly we're
stupid ladies the dumbest okay so we
went inside traveling the Chocolate
Factory and it was really fun and the
show was cute and now we're ordering
room service we're working on the show
but I wanted to talk to you as well
Sykes I'm really excited this is a bag
of pee-pee patches you're being so rude
coughing and he's living filtering my ah
overcome so anyway you can get the PD
patch with a friendship bracelet and I'm
gonna have the same friendship bracelet
so we can be matching you there's two
beads that come with the bracelet
there's a Purple Heart that represents
me and there's a lipstick heart or at
lipstick heart a lipstick bead that
represents Miranda and it's really fun I
did it on my tour last August and I
filled two bracelets full of charms from
all of you guys it was really awesome so
I'm excited to do that again this year I
forgot that we were doing it so I'm
super super stoked anyway tomorrow we're
going to Birmingham so if you live in
Birmingham come to the show
when you watching this it'll be when you
watching this why can't I not speak
English today will be tonight shows
tonight and then we're going to Bristol
a Manchester two shows in London one
shows sold out the other one is like
half sold the one on Friday night so if
you want to see me in London come Friday
night it'll be really really fun and
yeah I'm really excited so I'll see you
guys tomorrow
