cuddled with me all night long
good morning guys and I look at roaches
and terrifying I'm going to Europe today
I'm freaking out
we're leaving in a couple of hours and
this is what my place looks like it's
just stuff everywhere so I just made the
bottom part of a trophy mountain of you
can see this let me turn it down so just
make the bottom part of a trophy course
being the top part outside but there is
arts and crafts all over my house right
now is glitter all over the floor and we
can't see any of it
trash you're leaving in a couple of
hours so I'm freaking out but we're
going to Europe oh my god I'm so excited
so bringing you with me let's go okay
I'm about to run a couple errands but I
wanted you guys to meet someone look at
this little dude he doesn't have a name
yet
hey hey what's he doing hey thank you
smilin here's my wing Josh got a new dog
and it cuddled me all night long
didn't it Josh he loves me anyway okay I
need to run some errands maybe we'll
play with him a little bit later okay
I'll see you later alligator see you in
a month you're gonna be all big and cute
look at this little nugget
oh he cuddled with me all night long
like obsessed with me cuddled me
wouldn't let go huh huh why are you
spreading your legs open like that put
your legs together Oh what are you doing
you're making it impossible for me to
leave his little paws on my face you
know what we did go home he doesn't want
me to go to Europe ready it's time for
me to go to the airport
I'm sorry dude maybe by the time I get
home you'll have a name this is supposed
to be Joshua's dog josh is like I'm
getting a dog's gonna be my dog I'm
gonna take care of it it's gonna be
totally my dog but I have a feeling you
and I are gonna be best buddies we're in
London mommy why did Regan London
excited my mom's never been to London
before so she is on cloud nine Cory's
never been here either look at theme
song tenants and Santana's it's Anton oh
no it's the god save the queen' is it's
not save the Queen me all right guys so
Alice just met me at the airport Alice
has been like a an adorable amazing fans
last friend forever she's been watching
my videos for forever and she met me at
the airport and showed me that she got a
tattoo
of my name on her body which glows are
mine I've never seen anything like that
before would put oh talking about Yuki
show them your tattoo I just waited you
know who I was
yeah what she's that greedy I was
literally just talking about you and how
who you are and I can like implants I'm
focusing focus on me so anyway I was
respected about you so your ears must
have been burning
anyway I cannot believe you got that but
it was insane and I'm flattered and I
love you and I'm going to hear like all
the shows so alrighty so we went to the
hotel and then I got my mama saw
fish-and-chip what did you think
delicious
or would you think of your first fishing
trip experience I'm usually not a fish
eater more of a meat I really did enjoy
it so now we are walking to Buckingham
Palace because my mom and Cory I've
never seen it and it's very exciting
here it is coming up on it what do you
think child trying to enjoy the nature
look guys I got a poop so bad it's like
a real problem how pretty it is
what do you think so far ma I think of
all this your be awning you're bored
you're bored you hate it here I love it
what do you think I'm a burning sneeze
yeah something really got much fun
driving and moms yawning and courtly
alrighty so we have been walking around
London and these ones are feeling it
feeling the jetlag I stuck on the plane
for like five or six hours they didn't
so they're dying but we're about to be
my friend James laughs or dinner James
is the first person who ever emailed me
from London and said hey you should come
to a show in London this was like seven
years ago and I came out to London we
met James it shows them so I'm about to
meet her
I love him though so social so much he's
my first friend over here first person
to believe in Miranda and she's losing
so I'm excited color you guess - on the
Leprechaun and James but not leprechaun
James is my favorite queen from a
million years ago
and you guys know leading leprechaun did
you miss them yes a lot of effort oh
yeah you're not a leprechaun I know he's
tennis whatever I told you guys saw Kali
a leprechaun a long time ago but I
regret it because then now that's the
only comment he gets on any of his
Instagram pictures so don't call him a
leprechaun it anymore only I'm logical
I'm a leprechaun
okay
Oh
