Merry Christmas sir whatever you
celebrate it's early we woke up early
we're headed to Santa Cruz or actually
headed to San Jose to drive is going
straight to Sancho you are wearing an
ugly Christmas what are you are welcome
to for now does this count it's red I
bet you this does count I'm wearing ugly
Christmas pants hmm
does that count we have on a margin st.
we made it to Santa Cruz we got lunch
we got theater and then realized we
don't have an outfit for Parker to dress
up like Miranda so Eric and I are on a
panicked find Miranda costume for small
child outing sound checks in an hour and
we also need to get something to make
afros toes pterodactyls fly enjoy a
thanks guys I hope you party sneaking
into target look in there see that
Miranda shirt those more in the pants I
love that we did it now we're looking
for Crocs
all right it's time for sound check this
is crazy venue it's an old movie theater
so there's not really a backstage area
okay yeah I've got a special set so I've
got a set props
alright soundcheck was hectic we're
supposed to be doing the meet-and-greet
right now five minutes ago but want
someone had to poop and made the
announcement right us really alright
we're going down and someone was like
wait I have to poop right now she wanted
to be in it and now it just looks like
sona's like wait I have to poop right
now so now we're just waiting so we're
late
that is something I would say okay we
got it Logan olivine guys got me so many
presents
there's always squirmy it's so sweet I
can't wait to go through the mall it's
actually like failing in Jake and
Parker's like favorite part is going
throw the present so thank you yeah that
was super fun
I actually I guess I had said at some
point that I was gonna do the meet and
greet says me for these shows I don't
remember saying that but I did
apparently so I did half the pictures as
me and then changed and then did half of
them as Miranda so that was kind of fun
I've never done that before okay
alright this is the finished dress
product that we have going on the kids
look bangin and these cool outfits and
Eric was just telling Parker Ella now
he's leaving that how he makes his hair
look like Patrick is he wears a beanie
so every day on set he come to set with
his hair in a beanie like that and they
call it a toque in Canada yeah did you
know that it's not called a beanie in
Canada it's called a toque and I thought
they were joking the first time they
told me that cuz Marana calls parts a
two-key so I was like you don't call
that a toque so cuz to put a toque on
your head seems
yeah but look at this cutie patootie
Duncan my goodness all right I'm going
through presents and look at this
someone folded a two-dollar bell with
like a quarter in it I'm so insanely
impressed beautiful card from Sarah oh
well she deserves game for me for a game
of phone so Rachel have delays put on
socks which is so awesome oh my gosh
these are so good thank you
these are so awesome thank you so much
Rachel
what oh there's a pros toes in here and
Crocs and a daddy saddle and ukulele oh
my goodness look at this it has your
name i Jake so let's see what else I got
on this Bailey how cool is that a
notebook for school awesome what's this
who could this one before yellow
thank you your favorite color Parker
he's Chuck to the car guys it's a puzzle
of your family
he itself shook he's soaked in Kentucky
oh my god these socks aren't cars these
are really good presently sweatpants and
cozy to the max oh my gosh two-face
this is amazing these are really nice
presents this must be for Cory what it's
much back bombs yeah most cats hog these
are awesome they the best friend has
four paws that's for sure gosh these cat
slippers you oh my gosh I got this
beautiful necklace with the charm on it
says choose happiness thank you so much
I news from free thank you so much a
drawing of me that's amazing that looks
way better than I actually look in real
life so thank you it's awesome book full
of amazing things the girl that made
this actually show this to me at the
main great was really sweet pajama sex
it's Gus says what are you waiting for
give me food cute little babies I'm
definitely a crazy cat woman at this
point the ultimate cookies how cute
thank you I have tons more to go through
I love you guys I'll see you after the
show you didn't realize that you were
stuff like that
what's up y'all well so I am filming a
video it's midnight right now and I'm
filming video I got a brand deal which
is so exciting it's always exciting when
I get brand deals because I usually only
do brand deals with people that I really
really like and I want to work with and
I haven't had one in a really long time
it's been really hard to get brand deals
recently for me and to be honest with
you YouTube money is down in the gutter
right now it's really hard to make money
it's hard to monetize it's hard to get
views like YouTube's just changing a lot
so a lot of youtubers are relying on
brand deals and it's been really hard
for me to get any I don't know why but
it's just been difficult for me so I
finally got what did I have a long time
so I'm really excited about it and I'm
really excited because it's about
something that I really like like it's
about a movie I watched and I loved it
and they're like hey you want to promote
this movie I'm like yeah cuz it's a
great movie so yeah that videos coming
out soon but the deadline is like right
now so I literally had to film it today
and try to get it up as soon as possible
so that's a little stressful it's
midnight but the show was really fun
tonight I had so much fun I loved
performing with my family it makes me so
happy I just had a blast like my voice
was kind of gone like you can kind of
hear my voice is like raspy so it was
really hard for me to sing like a normal
person tonight but I feel like the show
was fun and the audience really liked it
and it made me excited to have the next
show
I just left performing with my family I
love being with my family and spending
time with them so I was awesome but I'm
gonna go to bed thanks for watching
because we're still enjoying the vlog
sorry I'm a little behind on editing
them and getting them up I've just been
going through a lot clearly yeah I love
you guys and I will see you tomorrow
you
