it's the Queen's of the internet I just
drop the bone meets you always 12 times
a day I'm practicing my show I've not
plugged in at all today cuz I'm the
worst but I've just been with family and
working on the show so we're in Thousand
Oaks and my battery's gonna die so I'm
really the worst vlogger in the world
look what I got we where's the sparkle
you oh my god so I just made a sparkly
ukulele but then these lovelies page
another page and Hannah and Morgan and
Jayden and Haley made this for me and I
love it so much it's so beautiful thank
you thank you thank you I got a bunch of
gifts that I cannot wait to go through
but that's the only one that I saw right
address up right now they're all in the
suitcase they'll go through them later
tonight I'll show you who else is here
so we have Parker say anything you want
to say to my vlog channel it's broken
who's on it my brother Trent is here and
my mother at my Dada and my sister
cousin Stephanie that sounds like we're
like sister wives
she's my cousin but I feel like whenever
someone introduces a cousin it's like oh
that person you see twice a year
Stephanie's literally my sibling so
she's like needs a higher title than a
cousin and Cory my clean good obvious is
do i yes y'all messes wife and cookies
McGee and Kristoff you are waiting so
long for me to introduce Andrew they
want you to laugh I can't just laugh on
with you
it didn't work I'll get him to laugh
before the end of the vlog so in this
room we have my um Mitzi look who's here
look who's here see Eric's the Queen's
of the Internet and their new baby this
is their new child yes we're teaching
how to make a paper airplane
we're being yeah we're being really
crafty we really wanted to make Wayne
wait you can make a paper airplane with
a plate oh sorry I don't know much about
that life I don't know much about
anything when it comes to children like
I'm the cool aunt
this is my aunt jealous Oh what is
happening over here back seat crazy when
was I friended with McKenzie I don't
know anyway there was all these people
German agents always like are you okay
doing a private space to like prepare
for your show Mike know this makes me
comfortable cuz I grew up in this chaos
so to have all this much this much chaos
backstage like actually like makes me
feel comfortable
so anyway I'm excited she was gonna be
fun
Baili how's your pizza yeah oh this is
Colleen's camera sorry poignant I
thought this was my
hi I forgot to close out the vlog
yesterday um so last night the show went
so well I was so excited I did forget
the words to one of my songs cuz I was
so nervous which is really embarrassing
and not as Miranda as Miranda if I
forget the words like who cares but as
me I forgot the words and it was
embarrassing but um this show well I was
really excited about it a bunch of
people from Netflix came so that made me
really nervous
um a lot of my friends were there Harvey
came and Rebecca and teenie and Simon as
you saw like there's a bunch of fun
people there and now I'm just getting
ready to go to Europe so if you want to
see my show anywhere in England or
Dublin sold out but all over Germany and
Copenhagen there's still lots and lots
and lots of tickets left so if you guys
want to come come it's a whole new show
it's all about like summer camp um but
yeah I love you guys and I can't believe
I'm still keeping up these vlogs like
who is surprised cuz I am very surprised
right oh one more thing um you guys I
want you to leave a comment and tell me
where you want me to go on tour because
I'm going back on tour next year at the
beginning of next year this is a secret
but I'm telling you anyway
um because me but I want to do another
bus to a really badly so I want to know
where you guys want me to go so leave a
comment and I'm gonna look and sift
through and see like where the most
requested places are and I'm gonna try
to go on tour so leave a comment I love
you guys and I'll see you later
