I'm like obsessed with it oh my god hey
guys so I'm in my car right now which is
weird for me because I'm never in my car
whenever I Drive or go anywhere someone
else um usually core drives me a
Kristopher drives me New York
Josh drives me I don't like driving I
don't know why I just don't like it I
haven't vlogged it today and it's
already almost 7 p.m. and also by the
way I don't have like a car - thing like
something to hold my camera so this is
going to fall because it's just resting
on my car dashboard not even connected
anyway um I worked all day we got to
screen the last three episodes of my
show and decide on like color stuff and
blah blah blah boring boring tomorrow by
the time you're watching it this it will
be today is my show in Thousand Oaks
California which is basically Los
Angeles a little bit my solo is
basically in Los Angeles it's a little
bit outside of Los Angeles which is
exciting for me because that means it's
in one of my it's in one of my homes it
is in my hometown why are you talking so
weird I think it's cuz I'm nervous that
I'm driving and vlogging at the same
time even though I'm not even looking at
you guys um anyway I'm excited because
my family will be there all my friends
are coming and yeah and a lot of people
from Netflix are coming which makes me
really nervous because the people at
Netflix have not seen my live show
before so I'm a little bit nervous that
Netflix is going to come and be like
what back I am going to my favorite
place in the whole entire world besides
Disneyland and besides my parents house
and besides Hawaii
and besides Gatlinburg Tennessee and
besides Scotland um I am going to
Michael's craft store
I love Michaels I haven't been to
Michaels in a really long time so I'm
super excited I want to get diamonds not
real diamonds obviously I ain't got bad
one for sure
see you guys
I really oh my god I can't turn frigging
left ah I'm about to get an accident
about to get an accident it's actually
has nothing to do with me vlogging this
is just how bad I am at driving I'm a
really bad driver and the camera is
focused on my steering wheel and not on
my face which is really annoying but I'm
not gonna fix it because I need to focus
on driving and not killing myself anyway
I'm gonna stop walking now I'm excited
to go to Michael's I'm gonna get some
little bejeweled diamond things to
dazzle a ukulele okay bye you guys
this is a glorious day I just finished
at Michael's I didn't vlog in there
because I don't know I just didn't but I
am so excited because I really want to
bedazzle my ukulele but I thought I was
gonna have to like do it one bead at a
time and it's gonna take me all weekend
and then I found these sheets of
sparkles so I can just cut this out in
the shape of the uke and it's gonna
change my life so I'm very excited
alright I'm home and here is my plan so
I have this little ukulele that is
purple it was kind of cheap I got it
online I just wanted the dazzle for like
my show ukulele so when I play the
ukulele on stage at like sparkles
company that but I have a question for
you guys if you could bedazzle anything
in the world what would you bedazzle
because I pretty much want everything
sparkly in my life like I would bedazzle
my entire body if I could I just love
anything that sparkles but I want to
know what you guys would be dazzle if
you had the opportunity so leave a
comment and I'm gonna be reading them
and I feel like all you're gonna say
your vagina or your wiener but I want
real answers unless that's really what
you'd want to do so I'm gonna take you
guys along the process with me so if
this is not interesting to you you don't
have to watch but this is something that
I would be all into so I would watch
something like this so like I showed you
I got these sheets of glitter and they
don't even look that glittery in the
video but I know that this type of
glitter will do really really well under
the stage light so that's why I got it
so the first I'm going to do is trace
this
on to this and I need so basically I
want to cover this part and this part so
I don't really have a plan I'm just
going to like wing it but I'm going to
trace the purple uke on this and then
cut it out and we'll go from there
all right it is traced now I just need
to cut it out
okay so I had some issues the bass I got
pretty good pretty well good I don't
know and in the top section of it was
like impossible I had all these attempts
and none of them were working and then I
realized hey glitter looks the same as
this paper so I just put a bunch of Mod
Podge on the top and put glitter on it
so the bottom is the paper that I bought
the bottom of the ukulele is this and
the top is just straight-up litter but
then I thought it looked kind of sloppy
on the edges so I had these keychain
things and I cut them into little strips
and I lined the whole ukulele with this
so you guys the final product it's not
perfect and if you looked it up close
you guys look but I think for stage it's
a good like prop ukulele ready super
pretty they're on point so I use Mod
Podge to get the paper this part of it
on and glue and glitter for the top so
as you see it's not as sparkly up here
as it is here so the paper is way better
but it was just way too hard eat it on
here so then I outlined it with the the
string thing and then
I love it I'm so excited I mean a
sparkly ukulele I've been wanting one
forever and it's totally crap and I'm
hoping that I can get one like design
and special made for me like worth the
whole thing is don't look it's like see
how it's like crappy and like falling up
but I want to get one that's like
special made for me that's like actually
bedazzled and like pretty so that I can
use it for real because this is going to
be delicate and it's probably going to
fall apart by the end of tour but I just
wanted something flashy and fun when I'm
onstage cuz I wear like a sparkly crop
top and sparkly shoes so I wanted to
have a sparkly uke and it's all happened
to her and sparkles which is kind of
weird I wish it sparkled the whole way
around but it's fine I think it'll work
for tour and I was glitter in it joshua
has requested snow in California
okay all right I'm so excited about my
sparkly guys this is like the most
exciting thing that's ever happened to
me and my whole life probably um and so
I'm gonna go work some more and probably
try to play this more cuz I'm really
happy about it it was also a little tiny
kollene I'll get out of shot second OOP
this is a little itty bitty look at that
that's cute she's wearing a onesie with
your rainbow
play button lipstick cookies curly hair
hmm
someone came to one of Josh's shows and
gave him that and here's my version
tikal bandanna spiky hair love's like
poop kale high-top I mean this is
literally like the size of my thumb less
than that it's really cool really cool
this thing is amazing I'm like obsessed
with it oh my god
Oh
