please do you want bar Kamali yes I do
just might find eastery we're on a busy
street we just had a really important
business meeting oh yeah and talked
about not being important things
important like do you want for Kamali
yes I do anyway we're finally together
good we haven't seen each other since
like the show right I haven't seen you
since I love that I'm like literally
squatting to get done I did not sell
since she's in heels I know so look how
much were really sure this is my mother
and she looks 10 years younger than me
oh mama no I don't miss all been alright
well we're saying goodbye actually but
um here's Angela ba P so it's couple
hours later I'm with Christopher and
Corinne and we're headed to Netflix and
it's really weird taking this drive
right now because we used to take this
drive all the time when we were pitching
the show when we were having meetings
about the show all that stuff and we've
been in Vancouver for months so we
haven't done this in a really long time
so this is super weird you feel less
nervous right now
oh yeah I don't look nervous all I feel
like I was like like practicing pitch
lines yeah yeah these roads were my man
yeah we would practice our page like
we'd go over the pitch and practice it
together and and that's why you would
want to reduce the haters back off for
us yeah now it's I'm a little bit
nervous cuz the meeting we're going to
is a big deal and is exciting we're
talking about like marketing and PR and
all that stuff um so I'm a little bit
nervous a little nervous is good oh yeah
I'm nervous keep you on your toes
excited nervous
anyway that's what we're doing right now
so clingy later all right finish my nuts
are permitting and with Argentina
so I only keep you cool like I can't
even order anything they're just like
are you legit no gate down they give me
good something on chana dal fire
zucchini like nothing goes that I love
shooters get your first one so I take a
bite thank you sir yeah God maybe the
shooter you having a stick first stick
first also coming out to muscle yeah
I was it okay there you know you don't
like it when I get all cheesy but well
what is it I don't even know
turn it off so good know what I mean so
we're automation for you
numbers are it's weird right
this is the second or third light it's
like this fight it's like puzzles like
oh oh oh the only way I can describe it
is like this crab in there just come
like part of it it's like like chilled
sparkles different Griffon looks Wayne
muscles all the way since it's so weird
it's like waivers have number two in the
boards are really good one by I touch
you bite second bite has like a moment
of like felt like something with
sparkling more oh my god
dad
why if I use the right arm I can't give
chase arms whenever I go to restaurants
I always say give me whatever is the
best like whenever I don't know what to
get I just go what do you recommend give
me whatever the trap thinks is the best
and this restaurant literally does that
you walk in and they're just like you go
here's the next course you've no idea
what you're getting good idea what it is
yeah they say oh because the guy told me
tonight
I'll say hey I heard you giving out no
key to a lot of people we didn't get
that looks like yeah you guys couldn't
handle that you guys could have you two
could not handle that tonight we got
really all really fast we were complete
16 courses but they were like they were
not that small 16 courses I'm gonna
throw up I cannot talk relatable oh my
god click same core plan hmm hmm all
right guys so it is 11:00 p.m. I
honestly feel like I am on drugs right
now and I'm not and I think it's from
all the weird food that we ate that I am
serious I feel like weird and like my
visions going blurry and I feel
lethargic and like gross and just loopy
and lazy and I think it's from all that
weird food we ate like it was all really
good but now I just feel weird anyway
it's 11 p.m. and I am working shocker
ah I'm so excited to go to bed I'm so
tired and tomorrow I have a full day of
Netflix work doing color and sound and
blah blah blah blah blah and then
Saturday I have my show and Thousand
Oaks which is really exciting so if you
guys live in the LA area you should come
to the Thousand Oaks show my whole
family will be there except for Rachel
hmm and all my friends Harvey's gonna
come and Cory and teenie and Simon a
bunch of people so it's really fun and I
hope guys come and I love you and I'll
see you later
Oh
