it's welcome to my tits oh my god okay
Wow I'm filming on my computer right now
because my vlog camera is downstairs and
I don't want to go get it because I just
woke up um
I'm logged in a few days I've just been
at home working and chillin with my boo
but I'm watching Big Brother in bed
right now and I'm doing my makeup and I
thought a lot today I've got a lot going
on so let's hang out oh my god let's fix
this face before we can go on today I'm
crazy on my makeup today girl I look
like a drag queen um I always do my
makeup oh my god my hair guys is not
okay I always do my makeup pretty
intense when I have to film a bunch of
videos so that I look somewhat
presentable because even though it looks
crazy to you right now probably in this
little crappy camera when I have all the
lights on me and everything and I'm
sitting like with like a bajillion
lights and the really high-def camera
having this much makeup on is actually
kind of necessary when I have the time
to do this much makeup I do this which
makeup so here's what something
scheduled for today
um I'm currently watching bachelor in
paradise and I'm really sad because I've
deposit and I can't finish the episode I
need to plan out my Miranda camp show
I'm gonna rehearse my Miranda camp show
make sure we have all the props and
costumes and everything because we're
going on tour in a week Oh we're flying
over to London and doing shows
Manchester Bristol uh I can't remember
where but then we're helping over to
Germany Copenhagen so we're going
everywhere with Miranda camp and so we
have to get the show completely ready
and also today I have to film a bunch of
videos to like stockpile videos for
while I'm gone because I want to keep
posting four videos a week for you guys
even though I'm gonna be on tour so um
yeah lots going on today okay I don't
know what is going on with my hair
but I made a decision and I hate it I
look like Dorothy meets Belle meets
homeschool coin okay so um I'm trying to
figure out what to film as me I want to
get at least one video out of the way
before I start working on the camp show
so I'm trying to subdue I have like
astronaut food I have it's so weird like
YouTube used to be a place where you
have to be like super creative and come
up with like um a cool like weird
concept and now it's like it's still
really fun I actually love how YouTube
changes like I think it's really
interesting I see a lot of youtubers
complaining about how YouTube changes
and how there's no creativity online
anymore and it used to be you come up
with a cool concept and now you just eat
weird foods or you just make tie-dye or
galaxy things but to me like I I think
it's kind of cool that YouTube changes
it doesn't bother me like I just like
making videos for you guys and I want to
make whatever you want to see so the
videos where I'm eating weird foods or
making something tie-dye or doing a DIY
gets way more views than something I did
five years ago why would I be angry
about that like this is it's just life
like things change and that's okay I
just I just understand where people are
coming from they're frustrated that the
stuff that you see a fuse doesn't get
used now but that's part of the job like
jobs change people change the internet
changes and we have to change with it
it's our job as YouTube creators to
change with the internet so enjoy so um
I like doing DIYs I like doing
challenges I like doing tasting things
like I think it's all fun it's to me
YouTube's just a place where like we get
to hang out together and I would do all
that stuff with my friends so why not
just film it and put it on my for you
guys so um anyway I've seen some
comments like all : I miss when you used
to do more Coleen's corners or I miss
when used you like more skit stuff I
still do that stuff I did I kind of try
to do everything so like I still do
Queens corners I still do like split
screen talking to myself I still do the
duets with Miranda but I'm also gonna
I'm not gonna ignore that YouTube is
changing I'm gonna do the new stuff too
I like
I like that it changes and I get to do
new fun things and try new stuff so yeah
he was wondering like why videos change
or whatever what my feelings are on it
all like that is how I feel I think it's
all fun it's all exciting to do new
stuff and try new stuff if I don't want
to do something I do not do it so um you
can ask anyone in my life you can ask my
husband you can ask my sister like if I
don't want to do something I do not do
it and so every video that I'm posting
online is something that I want to post
online um so for anyone who's commenting
like oh she's not doing what she's you
know passionate about anymore or I miss
her old stuff like it's still me I still
love doing what I'm doing and if you
don't like it that's okay like you just
don't have to watch or you can watch
something else that you do like but
hopefully I'm listening in a different
stuff on my channels that like there's
something on there that you'll like like
in the last month alone a makeup like
beauty guru want to be challenged I did
a duet with Miranda I've done story
times at Duncan's corner I've done
edible pan he's challenged I've done a
hair tutorial I've done like the thing
where I chats they care about things
that annoy me like pet peeves I've done
collabs I've done DIYs I've done vlogs
like I've literally done everything and
on psycho Soprano this month so if
you're not fine on something that you
like then I'm on watch italia um but I
love everything that I'm posting I'm
having a lot of fun doing it so anyway
that's not really a rant but that's just
kind of how I feel on everything cuz I
can feel through the screen right now
comments coming in like and don't do on
eating townhome I think they're fun you
can watch anyone watch if you want to
just don't click on a girl don't kill a
gun it alright I just filmed two videos
and one was astronaut food which was
like not like that so now it's time to
work on my show this part of my day is
gonna be very tedious it's very hard to
make a show that is not a mess in my
head look like a mess on stage so it
takes a long long long time so I'm going
to be working on that for quite a few
hours now and as you guys on it is 6:30
p.m. and I have not stopped I don't fit
I'm like so crazy in work right now this
is nuts
I'm almost finished planning out this
summer camp show but now I'm
getting wrapped up in Netflix stuff
because they need a bunch of answers on
different things look at my bruises from
my shots yesterday I got a bunch of
shots yesterday and my arm is killing me
and I'm not supposed to use my arm after
I get my shots like I'm supposed to rest
but I've been editing and like working
all day and I'm feeling it my hand is
going numb like my whole arm is tingling
my hand is going numb so I should
probably stop but I can't
boobs food boobs McGee
boobs McGee um what's up guys I am NOT
trying to show my tits it's just I am in
a comfortable position you know this
doesn't look comfortable at all this is
how I sit when I'm I got my computer and
stuff and when I turn the camera this is
what it found so welcome to my tits I am
still working it's almost 9 p.m.
and Josh invited a bunch of friends over
and I can hear them all downstairs
playing games and laughing and having
fun and I am working yeah we worked on
the show we're still working on the show
but Cory um is taking a break I'm taking
a break from my live show on the tour
and now I'm working on YouTube videos
because well I'm on tour it's like
pretty much near impossible to shoot and
edit videos so I try to do it ahead of
time as much as possible so I'm trying
to edit some stuff together now and hope
I'm hoping that that will help me when I
go on tour
I've only filmed like half the amount of
clean videos I need to do I haven't shot
any Miranda videos but yet but Bad News
Bears my arm is freaking killing me it
is freakin killing me so I might take a
little painkiller which means I might
get a little bit loopy y'all let's do it
focus on me
it's 1:00 in the morning and I cannot
believe I just need to say this I shadow
I've literally rubbed my eyes
and it doesn't look amazing right now
but it's still on my eyes like like all
my foundation is pretty much gone I left
six gamma blush my bronzers gone like
everything's gone but my eyes are like
kind of still around
it is graveyard girls palette and this
stuff stays like oh my god see I used
the matte colors in there and then I
used this is like my favorite palette of
all time this Tarte these cards you can
tell I use it a lot like it doesn't look
amazing right now but I put my makeup on
early this morning and it is 1:00 in the
morning and I still have eyeshadow on
crazy I did take a painkiller it just
made me a little sleepy I don't feel
loopy it just feel I mean maybe I am
because I just showed you like a million
palettes of eyeshadow this vlog was long
and boring and basically just me talking
about work so I apologize um but I'll
vlog whenever I can because I know you
guys like it and I like it too so
tomorrow I don't think I'll vlog um
maybe I will
I don't know we'll see I love you guys
I'll talk to that
haha
look
ha
