well it's live enough I'm trying to
figure out how to trade this thumb all
righty
well it's he's totally working on energy
and can't believe it
um hey guys I'm gonna post in facebook
cuz I'm trying there so I'm waiting to
hear from my composure so I can go work
on the show um but I just got a big old
box from forever 21 and I want to open
it up in front of you guys and see what
you all think and see what I should send
back and what I should keep because I
can't make any decisions on my own let
me go onto Twitter really quick so when
it's when I saw winsome love stream
y'all's I think we're gonna belong so I
see he's working um okay so I got a box
first of all today has been a crazy day
I first of all went to the doctor and
got a million shots look at all these
prick marks all over me Cory watched so
for all y'all's and think that I lie
about getting these damn shots Cory
watch me a prick how many shop is it it
was a lot like it's like 4050 years at
140 I don't know that the guys like I
thought he just goes in once but no he
did say it's like a tattoo he goes
mm-hmm it's really gross so first he
goes in and he gives me shot everywhere
all these prick marks you see he shoots
with a numbing thing and so then you
feel that one that hurts and then he
goes in with a thicker needle and goes
deep into it so then I don't feel the
second one in the same except so he goes
into the spot he already did and he goes
in with a thicker needle I don't feel
puncture the skin but I
inside my muscles and in my tendons like
I can feel it inside and it hurts so bug
but he did all the way down my back um
so that hurt and then I went did a shoot
with Gemma I say something yeah
so when calling was it in the doctor and
who's giving her shots I heard her and
I'll say
so when just party and nobody like
nobody said a word so nobody was like
expressing like boobs or excuse me like
I just heard it I was like either Coley
or the doctors as parted I thought it
was the doctors like nobody would say
anything afterwards it coolly you the
doctor
Bart did you say no that was me and I
was like yo I said yeah I did with my
mouth because I was like exhausted from
getting like a million and a half shots
so he did one of it hurts about I was
like oh I was like up or something I've
made a sound then Cora thought I was
actually flirting so anyway as soon as
my composer emails me that he's ready
for me to come over and listen to some
of the music I'm gonna have to go in
this live stream but I got this huge box
okay so this is what I do I stay up way
because I can't see cuz I'm like
stressing about like the Netflix show
and my YouTube channels or everything
I'm always stressing about something and
I see up lately thinking and like
analyzing everything like over analyzing
everything in my life and who the heck
hello Joshua
hi I thought you were met Rebekah's I'm
live streaming right now I'm waiting for
him what's to call oh yeah he told me he
told me not to come cuz he wasn't ready
for me yet so I came home and I'm
waiting to say okay I'm ready to go over
to this place
oh so I thought I got my big box from
forever 21 so it's gonna do a like I'm
doing election right now are you single
yeah are you gonna go you just texted me
that I did are gonna give it
why it's a life change like I've been
hanging out about no it was actually
really a possibility
I thought maybe we're gonna be like no
we're gonna do things you can that's
wait no I'm not carrying no so I'm just
scared I just know that it's like having
a child well if you get it you should
get it now or tomorrow so I can meet it
before I go to Europe I come I kind of
wanted to get in you work no crap so
that you wouldn't have to deal with me
no that's crap it has to get you singing
I don't wanna be gone for a month and
then I'm a stranger to it when I get
home like I need to meet it before I
leave her alone you really I think you
want me to get her yeah I like my mommy
of course I do I love tennis but it's
whatever you want to do because it would
be your dog so like Josh as you can see
Joshua's been contemplating anything a
dog today and go get it Oh Oh with him
me Aaron where's Matt Rebecca oh cool
all righty are you what you're still
doing yeah any whenever he emails me and
says he's ready for me to come over I'm
driving over there working away on the
show
I'm just waiting I'm going to straight
away with him it was good as hot there's
good anyway all righty so the first
thing that I opened was this which I
can't tell my Lincoln it just looks like
a doily that like my grandma would have
on her table I feel like maybe you'll be
key with a crop top and like a white bra
so I don't know y'all I don't know I got
a bunch of stuff oh so what like I'm
saying
when I can't sleep late and I'll go
online and just shop and buy a bunch of
stuff and then I get it I'm like I don't
know about ordering any of this and I
never even wear it nice and all but this
is just a plain ol ugly shirt I don't
think I like it good it's like nothing
basically see huh it's too like it's
like an awkward way I don't know about
that she was send it back oh no maybe
look nicely proposed
should I put it on I don't know y'all
maybe I send the ones I don't want to
you guys ah should I do that
my reject clothes
scented fans that's good of you hmm what
do y'all think they're gonna say they
hate everything so I'll send it to them
ah I hate it I don't know about this one
you'll it's like I don't think I like
this one
well we have to decide if I'm going to
send them to you guys or back to forever
21 it was just a couple I was a good
thing okay let's see what we got
all right next so I'll put this in the
fan pile and we'll figure out how we'll
give them away later so you guys have to
stay tuned to find out how when these
things this is just a plain old black
shirt welcome to my life everything it
was just but it has a little look at
this the front of it has like this
little thing on it I don't know how this
is going on but I own like 800 versions
of this but I think this will be cute
cuz it'll be lowing see mighty Tatas
mmm you don't like it bang changed you I
like this I know I like it I'm just
joking because I'm once every changes
because you want to show your boobs
let's see about that let's see how much
fame has changed me ah no I'll be that
one names you see look at my engine
let's love I don't know about this I
actually think I kinda like it we're a
big ol push up row and those oh my god
I couldn't like it though like I could
like saw some weird like with like all
thanks good on you I don't know why
blacks your color I love what okay let's
see what else we got
I got this box full of stuff I don't
even know what I bought look you have
some of this is just a simple black
dress with some weird like bondage in
the front okay
I remember going for the bondage no I
think I think I thought this was lower
like that's weird right that please
things are up here isn't that kind of
weird
no it's weird I don't know I'll try this
one it maybe after I'll try stuff on we
can decide asking swag that's like an
odd length like it looks pretty long oh
I like this already I probably got this
in the boys section I get a lot of
sweaters at from between the boys
section online businesses from the boy
section really yeah I like this I like
it's cute for video that's really cute
let's talk to yeah this is from who
infection I hate when you get printed
ones in it's like weird material yeah
that's really okay yeah for all you new
viewers the stuff that I don't like
forever don't one I'm sending to you
though ah I love that cute as ah cute I
like this that's super cute I got some
good stuff yeah I wish probably like
Albuquerque or Denver or something last
week online at like 4:00 in the morning
and just bought tons of stuff ooh I see
a sexy bra oh my god what is this why
did I get this I would never wear this
today no I was Californian Chagas it's
also like a child small like it's really
small interesting it looks like it was
like a camp shirt yeah I don't know
anything I don't think it ever read this
oh no Mama okay we'll give this one away
at the end if y'all want so
it says muy delicioso made in it's not
mean what is it made in this little bra
oh that's see-through no what's the
point you are looking for that's the
lingerie lingerie everyone I promise are
just a real bra
guys this is straight-up lingerie
who wants it you bought that for someone
oh yeah I got it for you
that is mugger a girl yeah well that's
like pointless okay that's my fan
oh look at this what a lynching is that
a baby for sure just shirt anywhere with
like I was City Heights that's cute I
actually like a little bit I did - I
think it's cute I like it oh I'm not
gonna like this one guy's I can already
tell I'm not gonna like this one I like
the color
yeah I like this I like - it's like a
really rich purple - crop top but has
like this complex with why was i all
into like these bondage straps that
night so on I think this is like look
front yeah the front is like this I'm
not gonna try on yeah okay I'll try them
on
oh this is just a plain old I got a
bunch of crop tops along the bottom half
of the panties and panties from these
are gross like jeans because like you
under yeah under excess I need you to
put it on look so fab and we'll give it
away I'm not using them
okay so just say this is like a straight
up ski through by the way it's white
crop top grab it
I hope just gets that dog Billy
why isn't I'm a see-through oh is this a
dress this is another Tryon situation I
love that actually it's a really nice
like stiff material oh all right well
see ya
ooh oh this is another cool bike I think
it wears like a crop top
that's pretty I mean with high-waisted
jeans it's soft you but it goes up your
butt goal typical oh I guess you don't
have like panty lines or something in
your jeans have to try that on yeah if
you guys stay till the end you'll find
out what I'm giving away and I'm giving
it away and also gets any tries to on
this is just like a tank top I guess
just a big ol long tank top which I wear
these all the time so this is a keeper
great yeah that's not even cute okay
large and in charge right here you just
see your entire poos why was I on like I
clearly Zone two black this is not cute
I don't like this I'm scooting something
really bad could be guys so much I think
I know I know you don't I just know you
know I know I know I'm through with
anything guys very good
what yeah that was it yeah I swear to
god it's gonna thank you okay I'll try
it on oh my god that's so funny we are
the same person
oh there's ugly shoes in here that's
what it looks like so much because
there's shoes there's a shoebox this is
just a plain old sure oh this is just
plain I like it because I spend so much
time like in dark rooms like doing
nothing and talking to no one
oh you are like usable borders yeah
these little patches there's a crop top
Oh cute and so slushy let's get a racket
guys this is perfect goop emoji another
caltrop this is cute it's like a little
too long for crop top though it's like
an awkward length like I wish it was
like a few inches shorter like two like
there it's like those 19 belly button
shirt no but like I don't like that
person my body so I wouldn't show see
what else we got in here
one link
oh just like a simple black dress I
don't know why I got this like I
wouldn't I ever wear these I was very
tired oh this is another thing I would
never wear it so they're like camp shirt
it's soft though oh it's a crop top oh I
don't know about this I love white where
it is like I need to try it on alright
and then I also got shoes I'm nervous I
don't remember what these look like
they're like little booties yeah they
smell bad the gray Oh big different
they're totally different
don't follow me there they're different
they're different up high no I like them
why is josh not just getting that dog
alright guys so here's the sitch I've
got try stuff on and when I try it on
then we'll know what I'm gonna give away
and what I'm not cuz it doesn't look
good on me or don't like it then I'll
give it away so I'm gonna turn on now or
later right now okay no one likes so
these are er yeah these are do so good
how do you win them so this one is up
for grabs and system is up for grabs
they're brand-new ok I'm going to try
stuff on but I'm like I need to get
high-waisted jeans to try half of the
stuff on I guess I'm wearing leggings
right now that go up so that will kind
of feel like how do I do this without
like showing you guys my entire top
cause I mean I don't really care but I
feel like that's really inappropriate so
let me check and see my composer emailed
me um they're giving away this bra and
panty yeah I'm gonna wear that unless
you want it Cory oh okay so I'm gonna
just do it right here so Cory your
entertainment look if you want to bang
one of them you gotta get with my
friends making love forever make it last
know you love it's making my missing it
when all these years
yeah if you want to be my lover you
gotta get with my oh she's feminine oh
I'm gonna look at him yes with my
friends make it last forever I thought
making love price was like what almost
folded up why would you ever fold it up
there's no sense are you joking me
because yes I know but like why would
you buy a shirt that you need to fold up
unless you get it hand I don't have time
to get a hemmed I like it you like it
down no I mean I think it's cute I have
to think that patch isn't a weird place
to I think when you give it away okay so
when are whoever wants it wants this
shirt because I don't like it comin
atcha kept changing goop emoji when or
when our chicken dish or if you like if
I keep it no does it you if you're open
aware keep it so want some who
pinstripes these are also small let me
see I'm going over the mirror before I
should cry
mazi blew me sleep I was just tired over
climbing tired
yeah yes tight I'm gonna keep it weird
of my bobby pin go that was in my hair
okay show everyone this is the cook
shirt I think this one's cute I like
this one
I don't you need to be tight if she's
been in I love I got some real clothes
can be winter any moment now in
California it's literally a hundred
ingredients not rewritten like Vancouver
like can now I have all these dresses
because that Widow should I try on to
try these I thinking one but it it's
just a long tank top second with
leggings and Stefan or found lazy John's
can cure no yeah that's super yeah for
the fun okay so just in lingerie this is
typical wear for Cory
crying deceptive it would join single
when there was such seductive clothing I
know I'm keeping this
so this sup I'm while keeping oh my god
I'm just showing it in my bra loser oh
my god did they literally draw oh that's
a red ribbon to be the order to see a
game right okay I just need to be out of
the frame when I'm changing my clothes
and that's literally just in it see a
model like what if you're just buzz
hanging out
ooh ooh I like that oh yeah this is
y'all everyone's gonna wanna see it's my
arms look this is a dress that's like
Lacey McGee from sauce
that's pretty everyone say that's pretty
so she keeps it I'm gonna keep it I like
it okay I found the dress this sleeves
are too short on me but that's okay
that long arms next one now I'm thinking
about the things that way would you
marry dressed like that
like normal people wear it I got a date
but I don't do stuff like that
you know I don't you're like we already
hate it don't even need to zip it up I
don't know I remember this okay
I know some of the wood okay shut up
look it up for sale
all right girls and boys this one is for
sale whoever wants this sexy black
number so this would go on underneath my
like underneath it I like jeans yes did
you want to show the world what are the
pants this is what that looks like
I like that one Hey tits McGee J tits
McGee hi
get the dog once you go get it first
you're gonna get it right now we're
talking about they talk to them how many
updated foot long yeah I know everything
I've ever seen like okay
yeah let you know now you can see I'm
you fun okay I'm the color yeah I could
cut I'll see how it looks because it
feels like I'm just everyone I should be
like an announcement kollene sporting a
beautiful teal green emerald dress it
has cutouts in the back and zips up on
the side it's Chloe light seductive will
Great Hall if I can you can't adjust
this okay here's the low I have it you
can't adjust straps so they're like I'm
I'm gonna zip it up all the way because
I'll have time for that so I'm going to
show you guys what my issue is with this
so I have bigger boobs so I like being
able to undo strap
so it goes lower so that like it doesn't
cause like if the dress is up here like
it just looks weird on me
I'm not soaking it up all the way but um
it's not like he needs to go like that
you know maybe you can't zip it up but I
feel like I don't think it can remember
21 zippers so it's like the kind that
like doesn't want as if up the buck is
like open so do we not like this you're
right it doesn't look right yeah so it's
pretty though if it could fit your boobs
I mean anything right bra I just feel
like it's it's very like looks about on
me
I don't think I should keep this alright
so you have another one up for sale
wanna keep okay we have another one for
sale
oh hey Goku another one for sale
everyone it's a emerald green number
it's actually cute if he is really cute
it's really cute
we have a hell'd you get this one on
it's like I was a long for sale I don't
know if you wanted to move okay
I want to get Dyrdek's and all up on
that now she's trying on a deep is
a burgundy crop top that has straps in
the front I think it yeah I like it too
so here's least one Sun Sun see Samsung
song sing some song some Z okay I don't
know if I'm gonna get some oh oh oh if
you wanted that one too bad for grabs
got one more to try on and I don't know
about this song it's a black slinky
number it's not a good slinky it's like
I have smooth skin I love though hmm
let's see
weird I feel like can you zip it up
ciao please I don't know about this
y'all
it's kind of weird it's a little too
Banda G for me these straps are my bra
straps those would be done Oh ugly yeah
what's not ugly that your boobs it's
like it's like I'm emo ha ha you can see
all the please I don't know about this
you guys like this I could not anything
one less strap like it figures it it's
just nice chart yeah I'm cool I could
cut these off you want scissors eagle I
don't know sometimes I could really get
up I think I don't like it what do you
think I mean the right has too many
straps okay okay well and you don't want
to give all the weight and give a light
salad
yeah return that's true or I could try
to like fix this like can you hand me
those shirt oh you don't wanna be naked
I mean I do but okay yeah alrighty kids
so now you have to figure out I think I
weigh the molesters because anyone can
my shirt yeah for sure with my face um
let's see how do we do you guys tell me
how you think we should pick you guys to
give these away because I have no idea
so tweet me right now be like I didn't
even give them away to these people or I
think I don't know tell me how to do
this I think so once I keep the teal
dress or like take a number one look you
like something and whoever tweets you
the number that you're thinking huh that
is the winner
yes I'm going to tell me how to give it
like how do we take someone to give them
to its weave ah all right guys I'm
waiting Creed
treat me how to give them away I coulda
give them away too and I will do it what
should we have them do we could be like
let's play a game it's my birthday could
have won maybe something has to do with
Instagram uh give them to charity maybe
I'll get some of them to charity who she
was she could then use Instagram
everyone's saying no I'll get it Jesus
the grill asked us to caption a picture
or something I'm the funniest caption I
kind of want to give them like I always
feel weird like I giveaways because like
I always feel like if I just pick
someone at random then like what they
don't care like don't want to deserve
you yeah I always want to give someone's
like really really really wants it so I
don't know how to figure that out like
who wants it the most um let's see if we
keep seeing Instagram like that means
nothing I don't know what that means
like of what do you mean Instagram like
I Instagram what like how do I pick a
winner on Instagram I don't really know
what you see um people just like return
them you don't want that don't you'll
have to have one like I won't pick you
girl
oh my gosh everyone's like okay I know
you want to give them one of your fans
but just give them to charity like no
one wants you guys to have them fine
I'll give the charity I don't get it
likewise I would eat this idea no no I
thought it would be a cute yeah I
thought I'd be cute like this some way I
don't wanna share for free you don't
want a free shirt I know what the heck I
mean I guess I can give away to charity
I didn't think I've ever made people
like annoyed at me that I was like
trying to give y'all clothes but it's
mine um people are saying now trivia mm
let's see I guess I'll just like read
your tweets and like pick someone random
ain't no gays and trying to figure out
what to do oh my gosh I love that
palette it's so pretty it smells like
chocolate um there's so many tweets
coming in trick everyone saying trivia
what is that girl I got small boobs is
that charity enough give me the dress ha
ha ha ha boy where was I just lost that
to me ah shoot my Twitter just like
refresh each brush
dang it that was so funny oh dang it
that was so funny I wonder who said that
give it to charity look at this guy said
I need the bra oh my god do some people
who hate this idea I'm not annoyed I
love clothes but whatever do whatever
you want I don't get wise making you
guys mad that I want to give you my
clothes like they're brand new I don't
get it um what's that brawl you want the
bra is bigger than modeling it should I
model the other thing I think I'll
stretch them out you don't want other
things they want us to donate it Oh
everyone wants the bra nobody wants the
panty Probie maybe find a lot of it he
doesn't I wish those are so ugly it
grows I hate them it's like sheer Greg
and his queen is going to town
what is Colleen's flannel desperately
wants the California taco like she's
tweeted like four billion times then you
have to get into her okay
thanks when a hole leans flannel is it
official yeah this is Chloe's flannel
with you did you win the taco you win
the top okay you want a taco one okay so
we'll just give away one maybe norm
because y'all don't go on my stuff so
Colleen's flannel got the taco
easy-peasy next okay let's find another
one what should we give away next um
Greg a coupe or the prom
um let's do it what's great let's do the
gray okay next we have a lovely great
glowing sure well see the green dress
oopsies batting next we have is a
delicate end cream it's actually cute I
just doesn't look it on me because of my
big old boobies oh let's see I'm just
gonna be looking at Chili's right now
girl so which we should make a hashtag
Cory's lingerie
what should the hashtag be for this with
the green dress or hate that bra so much
it's so ugly
okay wait Emma said did you and Josh get
a dog I saw the thumb nope it didn't
click it did Josh we had another
freaking clickbait thumbnail yup he said
homecoming a dad
no it didn't no Josh are you still here
no he's coming I don't see it
where's is did he post it Joshua TPP
ready to become a dad Josh that is so
deceiving uh oh my oh my oh my gosh you
know what that stinks because people are
gonna click on that and he doesn't get
the dog and then if he actually gets it
no one's gonna believe him Joshua what a
goober okay hold on
oh no sheesh let me see okay I'm on
Twitter let's figure out rows are we
still working on that yeah
no we did not get a dog um we're talking
about maybe getting a dog he wants a dog
I'm leaving for a month so I can't but
Cory's boobs are clickbait to be honest
they're not like that because they're
real yeah this is not clickbait girl
this is 100 percent natural raw and no
one wants them all coins fade they all
want the gray shirt none of them want
this dress
Oh should we move on yeah everyone's
this great shirt everyone wants to flow
a gray shirt with the delicate lace
pocket let's see who is this Queen it's
cute it's a cute shirt just exchange
them um all right here we go let's see
Elizabeth
psycho for Josh lien she said that gray
shirt is cute I want it I'm shaking so
bad I'm coming to your show you should
give me one please hi should give them
to people who show your tickets your
shows hmm good idea well you wanted oh
she wanted huh
yeah you won the gray shirt
congratulations
can anyone Elizabeth Banks one more
thinning yeah because these holes don't
want anything they're all just mad I
mean I'm not giving away to charity well
should be from panties green dress look
at the black dress black dress No
the shade the tea oh good
already uh let's see yeah man outfits we
made homeschooled Christian University
realness
Adam cookie balance and higher such a
fashion icon and see the aliens okay
Travis I don't even know you've got this
future by wearing a red dress with gene
like flares and like the ugliest heels
like this is honestly the boys out
Maggie Jean like tight oh my god that
makes me laugh so much
yeah well thousand followers I don't it
oh my god that makes me laugh so hard
Oh
oh my god that mean I'm so hard up okay
so rude what made you order these
everything oh my god thank you please
give me the dress oh my god his vocals
are nasty he's so rude oh my god you
guys you're killing me okay oh my God
he's so sassy oh my god this is
hilarious yeah you're doing I guys
making me laugh so what clean boobs are
bracing out of every outfit I drew
course stop spilling with lunch array on
you not an ugly shirt no with that
oh my god makes you laugh I wouldn't
send him something do you want the bra I
don't do what the broadband sees tweet
right now oh my god yeah
Adam let me know what you want he's in
Ireland hi I don't love you okay
I'm sending him something oh my god that
made me laugh so hard the shade
you said you shouldn't be so hard okay
maybe he'll want the panties although
then his parents will be like you're not
my daughter who is sending you guys
don't worry I watch the boy online first
okay oh my god sorry I got distracted by
that his Twitter it was so funny um okay
I'm still supposed to give away this
green dress nobody wants it no they all
want to vote me off um I am everyone
wants it
oh my god you guys are cracking me up
back that tweet maybe left so hard
hold on you guys are all like spazzing
now now they all want hmm
now they're just shading us they're just
like sitting idly pictures of us is that
ugly really you like you look at me Cory
yeah um let's see oh this Queen won't
put ad should I give it to her but
always family everyone on the planet
they hats oh is it just me I want to see
Cory work that green dress I don't know
if I'm fat girls I don't I'm like fat
now I don't want to ruin it oh my god
guys are cracking you dress green dress
I guess alright guys this is the hardest
it's so hard it picks along zona picks
one who's like will really want to
excited I'm looking as Cory models for
you oh my god you guys are shady
when kalenna seems we want these hideous
clothes they're just being Shady cuz
yeah they don't I get whatever that boy
was mom hi mom what's the hashtag to
this live feed your mom yeah there isn't
one Cory's Penny's oh wait hon oh it was
kaeleen okay Zeena Colleen
was the one who said um about the girl I
got small boobs is that cherry enough
for the children that's one I originally
want to give it to her to her yeah
Zynga Cummings and not golly when of
this beautiful green dress already yeah
we picked people I think that's enough
did that boy when these or not I don't
know he has to tell me what he wants
what was his name again
oh my god oh Adam oh yeah it was
Adam yeah it was Adam
my name is except um hi you have ugly
clothes but I want those ratchet panties
and bra signed by Corey because he
modeled them well yeah okay perfect
all right well hopefully my composer's
ready for us now so that I can go get
some work done
oh my neck and back is so sore that was
really fun and we lost a thousand
viewers in the process well are a little
okay um thank you for watching me try
out ugly clothes and for winning some
ugly clothes and I love you guys and I'm
gonna go now but I'm really excited to
eat some tacos for dinner so there's
that let me bang
