it's gone it was like a biscuit hey guys
I'm at soundcheck in Salt Lake City
let's do this me
we're in Salt Lake City we just finished
soundcheck and now I am waiting for the
meeting great start should start in a
couple seconds and my flight is went
down and I'm just playing you and
there's Cory the Queen of the Nile
goodbye
so I'm going to take this part because
if it starts to come out is when it
stops if you find them they put bubbles
on and double check okay so the mean
great was super fun and we have like 30
minutes before the show so I wanted to
show you guys some of the cool fan gifts
that we got today then gonna babble and
still and so I have this awesome journal
with Skyler and Dani
Thank You Skyler and Dani I love drugs I
wonder if you wrote in it stickers oh my
god I love stickers a journal to say
thank you oh my god so we can use it on
tour thank you so much yay so I can fill
this up on my next tour that is amazing
Cory got some Reese's peanut butter cups
oh my god you got a lot and one of these
Kit Kat oh my God look at this ten pound
chocolate bar I got I'm so excited about
it oh my god this is incredible
thank you so much have some cookies
fresh cookies oh my god oh my god what
oh my god I'm so excited you guys all
the cookies are oh get out of town this
is peanut butter in it they're all named
after women like the Audrey
this one's amazing oh my god when I went
on tricking dinner chocolate oh my god
just goop in here mmm oh my god oh my
god what the heck you guys spoil me look
at these how cute are these oh my god oh
my god are so cute are they I don't know
there's so many presents in here you
guys got this oh this is a video idea a
nerf gun
mayhaps oh my god it's painting you guys
I love the present you gave us thank you
so so much I'm gonna keep going through
these and then I'm gonna eat all of the
cookies what's that one I don't know but
it's good oh it smells like a biscuit oh
my god what is it it's good I know it's
like lemon yeah I don't even know are
these cookies like what are these mmm no
no I'm just really good okay I'm a
little scared of this one it has a full
on lemon on the top and it's like
sitting in goop that's really good and
then this one red velvet I'm assuming
what are these things are these cookies
what's so weird they're like cookie cake
biscuits I can't figure out what the
flavor is and what the consistency is
but they're really good I'm gonna eat my
weight in sugar and then I'm gonna go do
the show love you guys
you tale here we go alrighty so um what
usually happens after shows is like I'm
exhausted from like doing so much in the
show but then I'm so energized because I
put out so much energy and I have so
much adrenaline the like I can't sleep
and that's what's happening right now
Cory went to bed and Suzanne went to bed
and now I am just watching YouTube
videos and I don't know why you like
knocked in people's sleep but tomorrow I
get to go home to LA which is awesome
and I'm going to work all day like
making videos and stuff and hang out
Josh and then all week it goes back to
Netflix stuff so all next week I'll be
in LA but I'll be doing like more stuff
for Netflix which is very exciting and
then I go to Europe um yeah so anyway
this is the end of this vlog I love you
guys thanks for watching and thanks for
coming to my shows if you came in New
Mexico or Colorado or Salt Lake City if
you want to come see one of my shows
they're still tickets available in
London lots of tickets in London um I'm
going to Manchester and Bristol I'm like
all over Germany and I can't even
remember the cities but I'm going all
over Copenhagen which I'm really excited
about so get tickets I love you guys and
I'll see you tomorrow maybe I don't know
come on I'm gonna vlog again
maybe tomorrow goodbye
Oh
