no Rugrats no Rongrong IRA did for Torah
yeah how come when you yawn you suddenly
sound like an old dying man monster so
you guys are my hair what is happening I
don't know what's going on I did my hair
different today and now I'm just like
cow looks like a wig but why do you look
like a wig hair what are you doing way
that really does look like a wig why
does it look like a wig I'm so confused
okay whatever okay so um I just finished
watching stranger things and it was so
good and I promise you no one is telling
me to say that it's genuinely so
freaking amazing
and I've just got a text message anyway
I have to go to stop I have to go to
sound check and yeah come on alrighty
we're about to do the meet and greet
right what is this one girl doing just
like wait look yes alright
my main my baby the mean greet went
really well it was super fun and I got
so many cool presents someone made this
guess who Miranda edition and all of the
characters and guess who are people that
Miranda is related to or knows so like
here is Steve little who's on there my
uncle there's a bunch of really cool
things like that in there there's also a
pretty princess version of Miranda which
is super cool I got this awesome blanket
was like all my family and friends on it
and look there's Eric Stockland face but
basically everyone I know is on this big
blanket I got this cool octopus hat a
girl home made an apple pie for me which
I haven't eaten yet but Corey hasn't he
said it was bomb wasn't it good great I
can't wait to eat it so yeah we're just
chillin we have like 15 minutes before
the show starts and I'm really excited
to do it I'm excited to get back on
stage I love it
thanks for coming to my shoulders I love
you guys hey hey I'm home at our home
I'm at my hotel
it's a little bit after 11:00 and we
have to get up at 5:30 to fly to Salt
Lake City for our show there tomorrow
night so it's a little crazy night but
I'm not even slightly tired so I don't
know how I'm gonna fall asleep anyway
I'm gonna try to get some sleep because
I have to get up in a few hours and go
to the airport but I'm so excited for
the show in Salt Lake City and I'm so
excited cuz then I get to go home after
the show on Salt Lake City and I get to
go home to my bag and to my family and
my friends at my house and I'm just so
excited so I love you guys I'm on cloud
nine this show to show us so much fun
tonight you guys are incredible and I
just love you a lot and I hope you're
having wonderful my bye
remember when I said I was going to bed
well I didn't
now almost 1:00 in the morning and I was
in bed ready to go to sleep and Cory was
like hey do you wanna get chicken and
waffles and of course I said yes
so instead of going to sleep because we
wake up in a few hours I went to get
chicken and waffles no rah rah rah rah
rah
I also and recently obsessed with
Pokemon go and found a Pokemon on the
hunt I walk home there was a man key on
my monkey there was and there was a
pussy in my pussy
