look who's here everybody its
Christopher Robin yes I'm in New Mexico
New Mexico um I did not vlog yesterday
was a travel day I was just on airplanes
all day heading here um but I'm here and
I am working in my hotel room I have not
left this room yet weird thinking that
I'm gonna do a show tonight because I
haven't done a show in so long
look who's here everybody its
Christopher Robin Christopher Robin's on
the planet Christopher from Aunt Emma
and I'm still working on his theme song
Christopher Robin Chris went on tour
with me at the Miranda camp last year
and he did the Josh leaned to her this
year and now he's here again I'm just
happy I'm so happy we just did
soundcheck here's a clip from that
you
and about to do the mean grape and then
it's time for the show I'm really
excited I'm signing posters right now um
hopefully I'm getting new posters soon
because these are very old and outdated
anyway uh we had an emergency today like
a huge Miranda emergency Cory and I have
been going all over the place we've been
living in Canada working 24/7 we went
home to LA took a bunch of stuff to
VidCon and went back up to Vancouver
then we went back to LA to try to unpack
a bunch of stuff that went back to my
Coover and then end up in New Mexico so
we were bound to forget a bunch of stuff
and I'm surprised we only forgot one
thing but the one thing we forgot is a
big thing and it is Miranda's pink Crocs
we had Miranda's sparkly Crocs but we
need Miranda's regular Crocs
there's no croc store in Albuquerque so
Cory started peeling off each individual
diamond that was super glued onto the
other Crocs and his fingers are all
bleeding
anyway Christopher Robin drove 45
minutes away to a Macy's and got some
pink rocks so Cory's fingers are
bleeding for nothing
okay okay I want to talk to you for a
second but first once I got my lipstick
okay so I can't find a wipey so I'm just
going to talk to you guys with my face
like this right now and you're just
gonna have to get over it
I just wanted to say like that was so
wonderful for like my soul I have been
feeling like so strange lately and I
couldn't figure out what it was exactly
why I wasn't feeling very like happy and
like I was happy like I'm happy I don't
know just being in Vancouver and working
so hard on the show and like never
seeing daylight
um and I don't know it was just like
draining me and I didn't want to
complain about it because I know how
lucky I am that I get to do this show
and um yeah so I didn't want to like
complain about how I wasn't feeling like
the happiest I was feeling kind of like
sad and like lonely um yes I can I found
a place to hide so that I can talk to
you for five minutes without being
interrupted
okay so here's mom um feeling just doing
that mean great I haven't even done the
show yet but just doing the
meet-and-greet I was like oh my god like
I needed that so badly I needed to hug
you guys and talk to you and see you
smile and I just I guess I always forget
how good it feels like to interact with
you guys being on tour always like
grounds me in that way it always is like
these are actual people that you are
like talking to everyday and hanging out
with every day and to meet you in person
just makes it all like feel like it's
worth it and it just makes me so happy
and I don't know like I just really felt
like I needed it today like it was so
good to just hang out with you guys and
hug you and take pictures with you and
um I don't know I just I needed it and I
loved it it sucked it was so hard to be
in a room every single day for like 18
hours in the dark room with like no
windows and dealing with stressful stuff
every single day it was like weighing on
me pretty heavy and I'm excited for the
Netflix show I came with you guys to see
it but it was just so great to see like
why I'm even doing any of that like the
only reason I'm doing the Netflix show
is because of you guys the only reason
I'm working so hard the only reason I do
YouTube at anything is because you guys
are there and you guys watch me and you
guys support me and so I don't know like
I just needed I needed to see you guys
today it made me like realizing oh my
god this is why I do this and these
people are awesome and amazing and
wonderful and I just love you guys a lot
and I just feel very loved and I feel
very lucky and happy so thank you for
making me happy because um you do you
make me happy like every day yeah okay
I'm gonna do show okay
the show is over it went well sort of it
was good show the audience was really
awesome
but I messed up a lot because I've done
the show in two months but this is the
theater
damn it Donna Donna Donna um but it was
a fun show I'm just excited to like deem
myself because I feel like it wasn't
very good and whenever I have a show
that I don't feel is very good I can't
wait to get on stage and like do it
again so I can make it better so um it's
time to go back to the hotel
