oh good morning I'm not wearing a bra
I'm still in bed so many things but I
really want to talk to you guys I have a
vlog coming out from my day in New
Mexico yesterday but I wanted to post
this first so last night I had a show in
Albuquerque New Mexico it was really fun
the audience is amazing I did meet group
before the show is awesome everyone was
so sweet and then after the show I was
not allowed to come out and say hello to
the fans that were waiting outside
sometimes that happens sometimes I'm
allowed to come out and say hi and
sometimes I'm not last night was one of
the nights where I'm was not allowed to
go out and this morning I woke up to a
bunch of comments and tweets and stuff
that were saying how upset you guys were
and how um how dare I like I would have
been nice if I had just come out and
said hello would have been that hard and
now everyone's angry at me thinking that
I chose to not come out and say hi to
you guys which is never the case you can
ask anyone on my team you can ask Cory
Suzanne my road manager Chris my other
tour manager my agent Reichle who used
to be on tour with me you can ask anyone
I always ask to go out and say hi to the
people who are waiting to say hi to me
because in my mind I'm like they've been
waiting for an hour or two hours or
three hours and they traveled so far to
come see me like the least I can do is
go out and say hi and give them a hug
and take a picture but sometimes I'm not
allowed to depending on if there's too
many people if it's safe if we have to
hurry get to the airport there's lots of
different factors well recently there
have been some terrifying things going
on in the world the world we live in
right now is a really scary place and
with what happened I mean I hate even
talking about it because it makes me sad
and feel so disgusting inside but what
happened with Christina Grimmie she was
out of me and grete and she got shot and
people are getting shot every single day
there's a new news report of people
getting shot and I'm in a position where
I'm telling people where I am my exact
location where you can find me and I get
death threats I get them often you guys
and so my team is just trying to keep me
safe and it sucks it's crappy because I
want to meet you guys but last night we
didn't have extra security for me to go
out and meet you guys and I know that
you guys would never hurt me but there
are other people who do want to hurt me
and my team is truly just trying to keep
me safe and you guys safe like that's
all they're trying to do and it breaks
my heart when I can't come out and I
can't see you guys I can't hug you and
thank you for watching my videos and
thank you for coming to my shows because
that's all I want to do and I'm being
100% genuine like you can talk to anyone
on my team and they will tell you I
begged to go out to talk to you guys um
last night was a situation where at the
meet and greet we had security and then
after the show when there are people
outside like in a public space there was
no security to be there with me and for
you guys to keep us all safe so there
they were just doing their job and I I
feel terrible now like reading those
comments because I don't want you guys
to think that I like I remember trying
to get away from you or I don't want to
talk to you I don't want to say hi to
you any of you who've ever met me in the
past you I feel like you'd know that
that's not who I am like when I see guys
in public I talk to you for a while huh
gyu take pictures with you and I meet
and greets like I I love meeting you
guys like I love it and you'll even see
in my vlog tomorrow or I guess I'm a
posting the vlog today the vlog from
yesterday at Albuquerque after my knee
and greet I was almost crying so so
happy that I got to meet so many of you
like I genuinely loved it and makes me
so happy
so this morning it really broke my heart
to read that you guys felt like I just
didn't want to meet you and I was just
like trying to get away from you like
that so I couldn't be further from the
truth it couldn't be further from the
truth and um I don't know I just wanted
to make this video and say it cuz it was
like really bugging me and I've seen
comments like that in the past or people
are really mad they waited for a long
time after show and they didn't get to
meet me
and I can honestly tell you it is never
my decision I don't know I don't know
what the fix is cuz I know from now on
people are still going to wait because
sometimes I can come out sometimes I can
come out and say hi to you um but I feel
like from now on what I'll do is like if
you stay after a show and you're hoping
to meet me I will tweet as soon as I
know I will ask my team can I go out
tonight is there security and I will
tweet I'm not coming out and so that you
guys know and you can leave um and so I
because I don't want you guys wasting
your time I don't you waiting and
waiting and waiting and then you can't
meet me I don't know I'm put me out of
whack today like now I feel I feel
guilty and I I don't know why I feel
guilty because I tried to say hi to you
guys like I tried to go out and say hi
but just to see so many comments that
were so mad at me um I don't know I
guess you can't win them all I do feel
bad I never want you guys to wait for
hours and then for nothing like that
makes me really sad that breaks my heart
I just feel like a key like I'm mad that
that's how the world is and I'm upset
that you guys are upset at me and I also
feel guilty I'm like good now I'm like
maybe I should have just jumped out of
the car and maybe I should just like
told driver like no stop I'm saying hi
these people and gotten out of the car
and just done it anyway um you know
maybe I made a mistake maybe I should
have done that but I was listening to my
team and trusting them when they said we
don't have security we don't want you to
go out without security for you and for
them it's not safe I may be you know I
don't know like I've listened to them
and I trusted them and now I'm feeling
maybe I shouldn't have maybe I should
have just got now I know like I said you
guys would never do anything to hurt me
it's not that I'm afraid to you guys
will decent hurt me it's there are
people who have threatened to hurt me in
the past and they're just trying to keep
me safe and so anyway I don't know I
love you guys and um
I hope that we don't keep having this
problem in the future
in the next coming shows like I will
tell you if I'm not coming out so I
don't want you guys to waste your time
and wait and hopefully from now on I'll
be able to come out and I'll try to make
sure that I can have security and like
come out but I can't promise that
because seems like lately 70% of time
I'm not allowed to say hi to you guys so
um I love you and I'm I just well I hate
that you guys are upset at me um yeah I
know I love you and be nice to people
spread happiness let's spread some more
love in this world and yeah there's new
vlog coming out later uh my date in New
Mexico yesterday talk to you later
