I love you hey guys oh my god I just
finished my final day at work in
Vancouver and I'm feeling so many things
if you little weird and I forgot my
camera so I have to use my phone sorry
so weird and I decided to walk home
today umm because I haven't been able to
walk home in a few weeks because we've
been getting off work so late and also I
usually walked home with Christopher and
he's not here anymore
like it's just little me and um but I
decided to walk home I want to take him
to an Coover it's my last night here so
weird I feel like I'm gonna get really
emotional about it later and if I really
think about it I'd probably start crying
because this is so bizarre it's not like
we're done working on the show cuz I'm
gonna go to LA and have to do color and
sound and all these other mixes and
stuff in Los Angeles so it's not over
but my time in Vancouver is and that's
so so weird so I'm gonna walk home and
enjoy the night jerk hello it's like
1:00 in the morning and I didn't vlog
anything today was my last day and I
walked home from work for the final time
and it was beautiful then Harvey came
over and we did a livestream and he just
left and I started packing um but didn't
finish and I just realized I have to
take this down and that makes me sad
that's making it real like my director's
chair and all my pictures with the cast
like I have to take them all down and
pack them up it's very weird I love you
thanks for letting me stay then mover I
love you
I never was here I made family and
friends that I'll keep on my life now
that I'm leaving I move I grew what I
learned more than I wanna say thank you
thanks I love
but it's time for me to go oh
it's been great on Coover see you later
to it again okay let me just try and get
into character okay
oh my god I'm Miranda
Oh
