Merry Christmas sir whatever you
celebrate want stop guys I'm trying to
set up my camera on this ish hi everyone
welcome to today I woke up again just so
unmotivated and so stressed I'm so
stressed I'm so stressed I usually get
this way right before a show and I
expressed yesterday in the vlog how I'm
like just really overworked and just
overtired because I just put too much on
my own plate and it means my own fault
so I can't complain about it because
it's my own fault but basically this
morning I woke up and I was like barded
with emails from my representation about
like things that I had to do in
deadlines and all this stuff and I was
just like I'm gonna explode so I called
up my agent I was like hey you gotta
cancel my meetings today bro like I need
a day to just focus on one thing at a
time because because there's so many
things going on in my schedule like none
of it's gonna get done
whereas if like there's a few reasonable
things on my schedule at least I can get
some things done and feel accomplished
so I cancelled that and then I supposed
to Club with Jen today jennxpenn which I
was so freaking excited about because
I've never clapped with her and I've
texted I was like hey I have a brand
deal that I need to do and I have like
deadlines that I'm just freaking out
like can we reschedule so we're gonna
try to get together this weekend but I'm
so glad that I did that normally I would
say like you know like yesterday I was
like push through and I did it all but I
went to bed well I went to bed exhausted
last night and like didn't even feel
like I did anything 100% like everything
was kind of like half-assed
and so I wasn't even like proud of my
work and I was talking to a friend today
about it and she was like well why don't
you like try to take care of yourself
because if you take care of yourself and
your mind and your body in your heart
then whatever work you do you'll be
super proud of but if you're like way
over tired and exhausted
like want to die then you're not gonna
be happy with the work you put out
anyway so like what's the point and I
was like that's a really good point so
yeah I'm really proud of myself that I
like cut back on the things I was
supposed to do today and I'm just
focusing on a couple of things so I got
a couple of videos edited today and done
so I got three videos edited and which I
wouldn't have been able to do if I had
done my meetings and if I had clubbed
with Jen so I'm really proud of myself
for that and now I'm working on getting
everything together for the Christmas
show cuz tomorrow
Santa Cruz I've shown in Santa Cruz and
my family's going to be there and I
haven't planned it at all and it's like
a big Christmas show so I'm like oh snap
so that's what I'm focusing on now and
I'm running to get like props and things
for the show because since it's a
Christmas themed show I have like a
Christmas outfit and have like Christmas
things to give away to the audience and
fun stuff like that so I'm running to
the store really quick to grab some
things for the Christmas show and then I
have to call up Christopher and Jessica
and the kids and tell them what they're
doing the show cuz all the kids have a
part in the show it's so cute I wish we
could go on like a big bus tour with
this show because it's gonna be so cute
public all the little kids have a park
and sing and dance in it and it just can
be really cute so I'm really excited
about that and my phone is ringing so I
gotta go you know they have carpool
karaoke I feel like I'd be so bad at
that but I didn't annoy it that they
haven't invented a Broadway carpool
karaoke and they get like Broadway
singers to come and do it I think that
would be so incredible no one would
watch it but me and like for their
musical theater nerds but I'd be so into
it and that's what I'm listening to
right now and I'm eating McDonald's and
drive wheel in marble and so
superboy in the Invisible Girl sound of
steel and daughter of their he's a hero
a lover of Prince she's not dead
super bullying me you guys know this is
run everything kid out of me I wish I
could fly and fly far away from here I'm
not wanting any more now I'm not so
young and beautiful that's okay I faced
defeat before
I'm not I'm not gonna cry it's not gonna
give me what I wanted to him simply
gotta take one step one tiny step this
my Jane this is
a regional cycle soprano some of the
first videos I ever uploaded like 10
years ago
choking opera and I was sure all I ever
wanted was life like the movie stars
read but he kissed me right here and he
said
and I thought you know I'd rather have a
yacht get ready for this acting all
right
Jenny's afraid of water I mean she swims
so well but still she's afraid of water
so she won't go near the sea not me he's
afraid of Darkness she sleeps in all but
still she's afraid of Darkness so when
the lights go out she has to hold my
hand
I don't understand I'm not ready we're
getting ready for the tour cuz we're
leaving tomorrow for Santa Cruz and look
who wants to come you want to come with
us Gus are you sad cuz we're leaving
again will I be gone for one day and
grandma will be here what's up guys so
it's much later in the night
I am the dazzling a little Santa Claus
costume that I bought for myself for the
Christmas shows because you know I just
like to add unnecessary work for myself
but he can't wear a Christmas show
outfit without it sparkling hello I'm
watching a movie called downsizing right
now I'm part of a guild because I'm a
writer but the writers guild and because
I'm part of that they send me movies and
stuff like before they come out and I'm
really excited about it cuz this movie
is Kristen Wiig so it's really good
so next problem is I definitely don't
have anything to wear underneath that
dress so when I'm spinning around and
jumping around my butthole doesn't show
stuff gotta find some shorts or
something that I can make work for this
is I found red leggings that I can cut
it and I found these white little flats
but I can put some bedazzle edge on girl
I'm right for this show tomorrow okay so
I just realized it's 11:00 p.m. and I
haven't eaten since I had McDonald's I
like before I'm really bad at eating
food at normal times so just made myself
some oatmeal like a two-year-old with
bananas and strawberries in it cuz I
haven't had anything healthy a long time
look I made myself little shoes with
bows on them and I might made myself
some little shorts out of those leggings
I put some glitter on them
I'm very excited I think the Christmas
shows are made really fun I'm so excited
to see the kids tomorrow they're still
tickets left in Bakersfield Santa
Barbara and Santa Cruz are sold out but
Bakersfield is not that far from the LA
area and I really recommend you guys go
if you live in Los Angeles area at all
it's only a couple hours an hour and
half drive but there show something
really fun and different and the kids
all are gonna have like solos and I'm
singing other stuff and I think it's
really fun so please show you get
tickets if you haven't already and I'm
gonna go to bed really early to fly
there and then have the show so I gotta
go but I love you guys and I'll see
drown
