your hang-up is live--i should be
working we're so like loop up a deep at
the top let's see if this is working
because right now it says zero viewers
which makes me think it might not be
working
oh god it's on private and hold on
excuse me to zero
wait I don't know if it's working it's
working it's working it's working
finally okay so they can see us thank
you hi guys so uh those of you don't
know I can't imagine this is Harvey
Harvey has been a friend of mine forever
like 10 years 9 years and somehow we
just ended up both doing jobs in
Vancouver at the same time and so well
the first time I came was to yourself
yeah he's on my show he's in heaters
back off so he flew up to do that and
then he went home for doing a livestream
so they'll come out and make it unless
you want boy Cornelius Cornelius darling
what it is darling if you do whatever
you want if you want to walk naked you
press it I kept slapping the cage
darling yes
look at that strike that is very
masculine charming audience good job son
oh good just looking at you mixed Oh
Priscilla please do try anyways I'm a
long time ago
what's fun it's like once the views we
get to a certain amount of viewers yeah
you can tell when a hate you cuz all the
numbers suddenly plummet they're like
sing a song to start singing in it's up
like four thousand three hundred know
you have two thousand twenty four so pay
attention what we're saying everyone
like Cornelius Cornelius is not wearing
any clearance that's because we taught
him to do it ever he wants yes so long
this is happy Priscilla
yes you mean what they say what's the
hashtag handy dunno what is the hashtag
we've to make one up Harvey Harleen
Harvey
Harleen Co Co Co P I like hardly better
I like her okay yeah sounds like I'm
really trashy like superhero character
Lee Anne what does she do on her lean
know how means like the super trashy
superheroes sister yeah who's like upset
it's like you going out again you know
like I want to you know you sing well
but I'm staying here and eventually
she'll become like the villain yeah see
okay so having a live stream with
Harvey's a horrible idea because we'll
just get into these little rants with
each other and forget that we're live
streaming our dream wait this ain't
hardly do you like that I love that
Harvard har ble Egan uh no to you her
being
two monologues T monologues on catching
cumin arms or helps them okay their duty
knowledge goodbye my lon so it's like
together so at this yeah sure what's up
look at this did you know that two out
of you completely not die I don't see
promise you are you kidding me
Sarah I've been trying to catch Pikachu
up all week long and you're gonna come
at me with this at all times right now
really when you got your period I know
but listen I got my cue you two at the
same time as me or sisters it's always
me sisters but give me get more I mean
no not sisters I meant no we're not
related at all and haven't been your
best friend because they grew up in the
same household they don't really know
wanna look to the audience breaking the
fourth wall this is so strange
I've seen her every day since I was born
we're the same age we have the same mole
right here and they both call my mom mom
could it be but Sarah is my
okay sisters okay let's see how did you
and Harvey meet I would talk to another
before and probably we went to the
schools that were right next door to
each other and get like mutual friends
and then you were dating someone
yeah I was I went to see his show she
was but yeah and and then they broke up
so he got the dog and I got me same
thing
joke's on you cuz I go on the carpet -
okay if there's a season two of haters
back off could Harvey a Harvey be in it
I think I can make that happen I know
the people in charge
she knows people Harvey killed I didn't
know I was coming to see a series of
plays okay
well then here's your refund what's your
favorite Harvey's favorite memory
together because I fell off that couch
yeah we this blocks of us from like four
years ago that's crazy
yeah and we're talking about like we
used to go to lunch and talk about like
how we could make it and like oh yeah
what could we do like naked
literally can we go to conflict wings
are you chicken and we were joking too
because we're saying people come up and
say please share the show and then yeah
she would say oh that's a good idea let
me call hey sick what is this thing
called show business give you give me a
shout show I don't know why it's not
funny it's very funny have you ever
gotten in a fight yes we're in a fight
right now I so mad can hard what was
Harvey's first impression of you first
impression well I just in the show Sue's
ago and she killed it and what song know
what is you notice me this is your next
my first impression was that she was
really funny talented and she got my
life dark sister you were yeah we're
both pretty off yeah
when did Harvey have his first period
well I was wearing track and field and I
went to miss Jensen I said oh mrs.
Jensen yeah I was around mrs. Jensen
really why was it when I was starting it
was like my third cycle but it's it kind
of lips nose right when it started
I was running I said I was teeny Huey
and she was like cross country after run
like I should start to range so it's
raining and I'm wearing short shorts
we're in mandatory I requested for sure
oh really
look people were like the sweat yeah no
mines were like a song that covered
scissors
okay yeah so needless to say everyone
knew well if they're also away yeah
everyone yeah that would have been
smarter another look bad like would have
chicken Krios just took Abby of redness
in my crotch area so how's this first
period next one what's funny is that
like I'm sure a lot of you guys are
gonna be like clean and Harvey like
putting it on for like no this is
literally how we talk just do that yeah
what are the first five words that come
to mind about the other one love you
lots
that was from Lily um the first five
words that come to each other
preoccupied inconsiderate district South
Center hatred I wanted beige and bone in
beige color let's see it that first five
words that come to my mind for Harvey
are hilarious sexy no hilarious so
definitely be like number one kind
generous and a bit old bitch this live
stream it's so inappropriate
I love it not as me Warren
oh look they found only by today it's
your store music video of me and Harvey
would you rather do Cory Cory RV I
didn't know Cory I think I would do it
Cory yeah Cory reason number 837 wah
he's he's literally holding an Oreo and
a rice krispie treats and double fisting
snacks while in a row naked trance
around like a queen not being in a
luxury but just responding to sassy
moment that is please you would too yeah
what most embarrassing period moments
which literally just like look it went
down by 300 years I don't see guys are
awesome
Oh pop that poutine have you ever peed
your pants in front of each other
I haven't Harve lean I think you should
do a scene from fire me well I love a
good Lizzie McGuire improv
I love me Hilary Duff hey can Harvard
unit such as Miranda yeah Harvard's here
hey you guys Harvey that's pretty good
yeah baseball okay there you thinking
/har green all right let's see what's
the next big one Oh what next or to live
I am answer fentanyl
Nick Jordan Ella back she's just Chuck's
favorite Olsen sister movie Oh
double double toil trouble I like the
old ones like from their like we're
young billionaires days like when
they're like detectives on that Paris no
the right after that like passport to
Paris oh yeah is it trendy that's what
they say but I don't see it it's not a
worldwide I wonder where it's trending
if you ever had a bad day or question
your career choice just know you are
changing lives over there right that's
not a question but thank you and your
desktop I was like trying to figure out
how it was a question what makes Harvey
distance from the other friends he's
really annoying he comes over uninvited
um he actually has um he's been
threatening to like her
I love Harvey oh I love Harvey I have
like this like weird connection like I
feel like I don't know an instant
rapport we can like make him banter with
each other really ours now is there a
nurse in character and like it's not
annoying to each other but it's known to
everyone else everyone else hates like
we our peers watch my vlogs but when
Harvey is in my last vlog where we were
like walking the street talking to
Cornelius in Priscilla for mail each
other yeah I had been going on for like
an hour prior to filming circle and then
when I stopped recording which there's
like 15 minutes of footage we continue
to do it by get out of the way like home
like it was annoying and we're very very
obnoxious but sorry we don't care we
don't care do you want to be
let thing when you come to Salt Lake
City you're going to visit East High
where high school musicals filmed know
I've driven past it before them what was
your guys best worst subjects in school
mine was acting my best was probably
like choir and my worst was by I have to
pee so keep them entertained um my worst
one was Matt I hate that if you hate
Matt hashtag that hashtag around hashtag
I hate that um I just hated Matt was
always more artistic and stuff that make
sense
I don't know that make sense um what are
you guys asking take turns tying the
ghost story
nothin what uh what Harvey ever
considered being in the Miranda show
I've done my show huh yeah yeah I've
done it and maybe now I'm sitting near
you if I do like in LA or something but
yeah no I love Miranda how do you get
rid of zits I need help
mine are huge I might not survive this
is an actual question that one of you
guys said I had I get it I don't know I
don't have any that's not true everyone
has it everyone has what's your favorite
word I'm in saying bra a lot like yeah
brah
snapchat Hey Wow whoa Wow look who's
back okay so make sure to ask Harvey
questions to at Harvey again har ve y gu
I ll eat in and tag him because he's
gonna check his feed for questions so
follow him and he follow him so you can
follow his - ever he made
Laura said I thought you went home today
I go home tomorrow
no I've heard a couple songs it's good
can you say some Australian slang or
like I'm going to campaign they come
mecca's Mac is Olson fairy floss
that's Khan candy actually necessarily a
very fiery floss
that's so cute yeah because I know
Courtney Courtney yes isn't it what new
cheese Australian she's adorable
oh sweet you guys are like but her she
loves she was like wore to the fair here
and then someone asked you where'd you
get that concat and she was and she
looked over she was like fools
it's like no candy it's like oh because
she's so singing she's so cute holding
candy do you say soda or pop soda would
you ever get a tattoo uh I don't think I
would I don't I'm like yeah well you
guys go shopping again do it do either
of you have any snapchat streaks and if
so with who I don't know what that is
because I'm an old woman with a snapchat
Street favorite food favorite food would
made out of three of us well um what is
your snapchat Instagram and Facebook
mine is all the same Harvey Guillen on
Instagram
Argentina Twitter written Harvey get a
shirt living for Queen no this one um
it's an alien this is on the top says we
out here yeah yeah
this shirt are 10 with a so display I
can be sweater from the
I can't either I get for MTV million she
goes watch that show yeah it was about a
serial killer
it's pretty cool Toria just Detroit
justice Amanda said did Harvey Playa and
a Spanish teacher again and haters back
off you'll have to wait and see what
Harvey did you just have to see you play
never have I ever
yeah that's fun okay so you guys have to
say they never have I ever
and will yeah wait yeah yeah so they'll
tell us we'll have one hand yeah so you
guys tweet us never have I ever and it
will rain it will see you in
oh no I'm nervous no what's your
favorite tooth serious question um my
tooth
what was it like doing eye candy we
tried justice ah it was fun
it's like suspense thriller and it was
nice to live in New York for like half
of the year so we're there for half a
year
yeah and then now you did yeah
but the nice state um they're not do
never have my efforts guys have a
conversation Spanish it would be great
literally cannot speak one word of
Spanish so it'll be a one-way never have
I ever stole something if we're having
figured that a finger down it you have
that's not sure I yeah never have I ever
eaten poo I don't think I've ever eaten
- I'm worried about yesterday's question
oh my god never have I ever turned into
just the most intense no one's even
responding to what we're doing okay so
what are we at threat for each yeah um
never ever ever
you know worm of nerd enough never have
ever wore my panties whoa my why
wouldn't you never have I ever walk
around the house naked
no I did it bring me a popsicle never
have ever skipped school we're gonna
have done all the same one till we do it
all together never have ever gone
skinny-dipping
you have no way don't white yes are the
same never have I ever Peter pooped in
the woods I mean we both lost no you
guys said this okay let's do anyone they
don't have a clue squirrel finger
I've never done that
hmm never ever ever cheat on a test
please I know how to drive
eventually never ever ever made out with
some girls
oopsies you know girls
Cornelia's darling
yeah
oh no a number we're on but I'm sure I
have then you win but on our set I wrote
like everything like the house was so
like cluttered like random house though
you can't own a screenshot from it like
it's very cluttered it's just crap ever
so you're about to step on stuff never
have ever gotten tired of it I've
technically been fired for Disney
you haven't Disney kind of they like
entire days
High School Musical on the topic yeah no
they demoted me because I was doing
worry about to save all the time so it's
like one yeah like in high school
musical even son
I just wanna yeah I'd be like I just
want to make my friends laugh in the
cast like if there are like anyone
because at that point like maybe it just
started to go viral and so like one one
person in YouTube it's right gia for
them hmm but Disney has like spies and
ions there are like always watching
little bit it was like regular
pedestrians like so there are Disney
employees who dress up like normal
pedestrians and things watch and they
someone went back to like the casting
director was at Colleen's voice is
getting really bad because I was doing
brand of the knock patients or like
you've heard you got really itchy on
stage and just think maybe she take some
time off get some voice lessons and I
was like dude this and I was like oh I'm
doing my character
but then they were like that's a
professional so they didn't fire me they
like demoted me down to being a sub so I
used to have like days that I worked at
Disney and they took that away were like
in case someone call say maybe we'll
call you
oh I never worked again she's well sorry
did you did you ever get fired I get
fired so much job no I quit fired from
this job
no I didn't I quit you know which is
kind of like I thought the same no leave
a job well into mic one or two more I
ever lived why don't you I don't think I
have but I'm not ruling it out because
Miranda I've done some weird things and
in a video you guys will tell me if I
have never have ever made out with
someone we thought with someone else
I've definitely not done that so many
guys yeah I do not know you're just
their face never ever ever kissed a
total stranger out for acting gigs like
you meet them that day you're like oh hi
I'm gonna kiss you in about 10 minutes
and also Friday night yeah and that for
you yes but I have encountered someone
else who was a light on the resume like
I heard this story about like when my
friends was casting this white student
film and this girl auditioned and she
like wasn't that good but then a part
came up that they needed to fill and it
was a ballerina so he looked through the
girls to adjustment in the office
they're like looking through the resumes
and they saw one that was like ballet
training and she's
like okay we don't remember out to
but like world casas girl to be the
ballerina thinking upset and this girl
they asked her to do a pirouette and
 can't do it she can't do anything
and they're like aren't you a ballerina
like can't you dance and she was like um
no like it says on your resume
ballerina she's like mmm like literally
with it because I did not nominate isn't
that crazy I know someone good some sort
of that lack she I would just school
with this girl who like in high school
we did ask one a man and she had a mouse
part what everything and then like the
next call my friend went to and I was
here show and I was like oh cool and
then like she was in the show and I
looked the resume of like I mean program
and like any one of the files it was
like girl school with and it said just
finished doing Alice in Wonderland
that's Alice and I was like why is just
one of the knots with tea party like she
was teaching lion i read and i couldnt
believe it felt so like like I saw but I
caught them in the line now I think
that's really embarrassing why never
ever ever drink alcohol while underage I
definitely did that they no no yeah well
the Catholic no Church yeah and lunch
lunch
never have I ever black melts when
Harvey you should tell them about it
just you need to tell you don't you need
to open they've been waiting to hear
about this they know they said I give it
back oh really
that's your answer not that I care but
I'm okay that's what you wanna say
but it's all sappy okay
damn soap opera penny was killed someone
did you - it's not funny you think
that's funny to make that sad we talked
about it my therapist said it was health
therapist lie do you remember I told you
that okay when will this movie be out on
DVD I'm telling you guys this is us 24/7
never have I ever eaten a poopsicle put
your finger down
are you our dirty-minded actually sizes
on this blue team close to am new a
poutine everyone should at boutique
right now course like this Freddie you
go right now I am wearing any panties
laughs you guys just improvise on
everything yeah what's the best
poopsicle flavor multiple flavors
yeah there's split pea soup what's the
most inappropriate thing you've done are
set on the internet probably this entire
livestream I'm sure I'll delete it I'm
honestly confused what's going on is
like going on a mountain alone think
it's Josh baby
when said you're ending like ten minutes
ago okay fine
me Bellinger right now how big is a
popsicle it depends on what you ate
wait so Cory is naked does he want to
have an orgy or something
yes that's what automatically happens
definitely ignore they take care beep in
the freezer Cory what's the beep yeah oh
it's ass yeah wait okaaaaay some self
exchanged acid booze - oh yeah I don't
know I totally forgot I know should we
just not take them back yeah all right
we need to go I render questions
would you rather change sex every time
you see czar not be able to tell the
difference between a muffin and a baby
change sex every time I yeah whoops ago
never folded my sneeze no one want to
stay a man today he hated me my friend
John will be like help try to pretend
like a really really he's John is very
flamboyant very gay and are not gay yes
that's the wrong term he's very like
flamboyant not all games implant but he
he's very flamboyant naturally he's very
like feminine calm talks and like moves
his body and stuff and I'm he will
always be seen blip look I can't even
say I guess you say routine all
the time for the shoulder anyway we're
gonna go but I love you guys thanks for
hanging out and make sure to follow
Harvey and poopsicle Eater over there
quarry and
