 Boateng hello how are you
we got pizza today so Rachel and
Stephanie Anthony are all leaving today
and I am leaving in two days which is
craziness that I have been here for
almost four months and I'm finally going
back home I'm not going home I'm going
to New Mexico and Colorado and Utah and
then I'm going home
you're like few days and then I'm going
overseas so I'm not really going home
I'm going to be on tour for like a month
all right so we tried to do the flyover
Canada but it was too busy and we didn't
have time so now we're going to red
bikes not very athletic and I don't
forget that on a bike in a very long
time
so Rachel just put her finger in my
Bible we've been on our bike ride for
about five seconds and clean our broker
bike I was making someone else
fix us good job Coleen we went on a bike
ride I could not walk in the of it
because I would have died they try to
snapchat and I almost died so there's
that it was an intense bike ride it was
it was hard but it's really fun cool
pretty we're gonna go get that
poteen had never had poutine so I'm
going to show them the ways
hop back with the poutine what do you
think of that put the poutine possible
to program good yeah do you like it yeah
it's good stuff did you like it I did
super yummy hey guys so everyone just
left well not just it's 8:30 and Rachel
and Stephanie which they are poor couple
hours ago Anthony just left it was so
good to see them and to spend time with
them and just like have a fun weekend
being tourists and not caring about
anything but just laughing and at such a
good time normally I work every single
day and I didn't work the last couple
days because I was just hanging out
friends um and so now I'm like looking
at the list of stuff I have to do
tonight and it is crazy it's gonna be a
late night I work tomorrow at the
editing office it's my last day I'm
going on tour next week and I have not
practiced my show I don't know what I'm
going to do I'm changing some stuff up
because some stuff is outdated and I
need to do it all tonight because
tomorrow is the only day Cory has to get
props and assemble things before we
leave for New Mexico so I'm noticing how
much work I have to do and I'm kind of
starting to panic a little bit so
tonight's gonna be a little crazy but
I'm gonna take a shower because I stink
we went on a bike ride and it was I made
all my parts smell what am I thinking
with this hair uh yes my hair is crazy
and it's because I got out of the shower
and I let it air dry and it was huge and
then I put in these buns because I
didn't think I was gonna see anyone
tonight
and now I'm filming so now you guys are
all seeing this it's late and I'm
working but I'm uploading something
right now so I'm kind of at a standstill
with work so I thought I would show you
guys some stuff that I bought this
weekend because I went shopping and I
really like the stuff that I got first
thing I got was more liquid last
eyeliner for Mac this stuff is my
dreamland this is the only eye liner
that stays on my eyes all day I took a
shower guys and I just still on my eyes
right now and I also got Ariana's
lipstick because somehow I had not
bought it yet and every time I went to
Mac they were sold out of it and even
though it was like a bajillion years ago
that this lipstick came out I just now
got it and I got this crop top that I
love
my deodorant stains onyx I wore it all
day today and that's really girls so I
apologize this is literally what I text
all my friends in was like hi so I
thought it was cute and normally I would
never buy a shirt with like text on it I
think that's usually kind of lame but I
thought it really cute so I bought it it
was at firm 21 for like eight bucks or
something it was super cheap I also got
this jacket at for over 21 which I love
so on the back it has a little design
and then on the front it's got these
little designs too I love it then I went
to Topshop which normally I never go to
Topshop but I wanted some more
high-waisted jeans so I got these are
pretty boring and normal like mom jeans
high-waisted I wore them today they're
cute and they were on sale so that's
good they're really soft and you guys my
favorite purchase is so embarrassing I
got in my Topshop I'm so excited if you
follow me a snapchat you already know
about this purchase I got these sparkly
shoes isn't that incredible I love these
I love anything that sparkles like I'm a
total girl who like freaks out over
sparkles and I saw these shoes and was
like oh my god those are my favorite
shoes I've ever seen in the whole world
because I have a lot of heels that are
super sparkly like this but I don't have
any like normal shoes that are like
casual looking and I thought okay I'm
gonna buy these and I'll wear them in my
show like when I go onstage I'll wear
these shoes because they're sparkly and
fun but then today I woke up and I was
getting dressed and I was like no I'm
not going to save these for my show I'm
wearing them on the streets today who
cares if people stare at me and make fun
of me for wearing sparkly shoes I think
they're awesome and so I wore them today
were them bike riding I wear them all
over Vancouver and I had a compliments
on them all day everyone was like whoa
cool shoes and I think it was one of
those things where they were like they
caught themselves staring at me like cuz
it was weird and then so the only thing
they thought to do would be like oh
really cool shoes but you know what I
love them I think they're really cute
and I'm super happy with that purchase
and I'm home alone right now and I feel
weird guys I feel really weird tonight
first of all my hair looks like this so
I'm bound to feel weird but also like
I'm
feeling so strange like I'm leaving
Vancouver on Tuesday and it's Sunday
right now for me um and I'm feeling so
weird about it like I just feel so weird
like I moved here um in at the beginning
of April and so much has happened I feel
like I've been living here for years
because so much has happened I came up
here for pre-production and then shot
the whole show for two months which
feels like a dream and it also feels
like that was my whole life like it
feels like it took years to shoot the
show and now during post-production
doing all the editing and sound mixing
and color mixing and everything that has
been such a tedious long process it's I
feel like I this is my home now it's so
weird that I'm going to back to LA and
it's bittersweet because um I'm really
really ready to go home but I'm also
like so sad to leave Vancouver because
it means that this process is like kind
of over ish
I mean I'm gonna keep doing it in LA and
then the show is going to come out and
that's gonna be a whole another process
like press and stuff but I don't know it
just feels like this like next chapter
is ending and it's so bizarre I feel so
weird I just feel like I don't know I
can't explain it it's so weird I feel
just totally out of whack it's also
weird cuz like we don't know if we're
getting a season two so it's not like I
can be like oh well just I'm gonna be
back here for season two it's like I
might never come to Vancouver again I
might never live here again I might
never visit here again and this has been
my home for a huge moment in my life and
in my career and um I don't know it's
just so weird I just feel weird how many
times have I said weird I love you guys
thanks for watching and I will see you
tomorrow
