I didn't film any of it because I had a
raging diarrhea hello today we are going
to explore Canada you've got Rachel
Stephanie and Anthony and Corey here
it's my last weekend in Canada guys I've
been living here for almost four months
and now I'm almost done it's crazy it's
so weird so excited to explore be
tourists for a little bit and then
we left Granville Island and we're at
Glen Canyon because there's a suspension
bridge here and these three are really
mad at me because this is a really long
drive and there's a lot of traffic and
they all had to be smushed in the
backseat together so everyone's in a
great mood there's one thing I'm not a
big fan of it's crowd this is the line
to go on the bridge I don't waiting is
never fun so here we go are you ready
Rachel so ready this is the bridge so
exciting I liked it for it
the last one didn't have grip yeah it's
a good bridge
hey it's ours later
oh hey whoa
and earlier we went to an ice cream
place that had over 200 flavors of ice
cream and weird flavors like wasabi
flavor that everything I didn't film any
of it because I had a raging diarrhea
and I ended up not even getting ice
cream because my diary go is so bad okay
 oh yeah I did eat a little bit of
Britain's waffle cone and then I cooked
some more then we went shopping I got
this what do you think Rachel got this
jacket what do you think we're in
joyfully we're enjoying our jackets
right now because we will never wear
them again once we go back to LA because
it's a billion degrees in LA and there's
Rio really sure I can wear this in
Europe yeah
and now we're walking to the fireworks
because I guess there's fireworks
tonight so what a crazy day we're having
I love to like hang out with my friends
and have a little get-together or party
but what I had an actual party I'm like
the most uncomfortable in the world
party's over there and the music and
drinks they're hiding right here in our
cage I'm glad that we chose to sit right
by the fire when it's a thousand degrees
south you just better fire there's
beauty set your purse I would never sit
by a fire in the summer we are back home
it's midnight and Anthony is making
chicken enchiladas and my heart is so
warm and fuzzy because when I lived in
New York or New Jersey I guess is the
Genki area that we lived in then I could
enforce them we couldn't afford to live
in New York so he lives in New Jersey
Josh was on a cruise ship I moved to New
York City when I was 22 years old and I
moved there for work but also for Josh
I'd met Josh and I wanted to be with him
shortly after I moved to York City away
from my family away from all my friends
Josh was like I booked a job on a cruise
ship by and that's when I got really
close to Anthony and we became really
good friends and we cooked together all
the time in you in New Jersey he's the
one who kind of like inspired me to cook
he's an incredible cook like went to
culinary school and now you're like the
but like all my favorite recipes came
from pan like my cookie recipe like
everything came from Anthony he's an
amazing cook so I'm so excited because
we're cooking right now and it's
midnight we're cooking chicken
enchiladas and I just I don't know I'm
like my heart a little warm and fuzzy
I'm so excited good so I'm gonna make
vaca moly while he isn't shredding
chicken so here we go it is now almost
2:00 in the morning
butters you finish the enchilada Anthony
did most of the work
I made the guacamole and I helped roll
the enchiladas
there it is look at that deliciousness
we're all very excited I'm really tired
Brittany's asleep I'm so excited I love
you guys okay oh come on
