it's nothing
it's a next day Joshua is gone Rebecca
is gone and now we are waiting at the
airport for my sister Rachel and my
cousin Stephanie to show up because
they're gonna visit for the weekend and
then in a few hours my friend Anthony is
gonna be here and I'm come on we're
gonna have a little touristy weekend and
then Monday is my last day in Canada so
anyway listen to troye sivan and waiting
for Rachel to get here look who's here
Rachel and Stephanie and Brazil oh I'm
so excited we're gonna be tourists
tomorrow Anthony's gonna get here and
like maybe a half an hour an hour
something like that I'm excited for us
to meet him those of you who don't know
who he is yet he's super sweet super
cool and yeah you don't really know what
we're gonna do while they're here I'm
the worst host ever
we haven't planned anything I brought
something fun she did what did you bring
I brought a board game titled wellwe've
Lizzie McGuire and it's not like
something where I was like in the store
and I was like oh my god how funny have
to get this Rachel no I thought to
myself is there a board game revolver
did yes and I searched it I didn't
online i special ordered it online like
I was searched I was like there's got to
be some weird game frozen wire I did not
know that I found that it's actually a
frigid sinking for Mary Kate and Ashley
board games and I couldn't find that but
I did find this she just mrs. Anthony
used to live above me and when I lived
in New Jersey a million years ago and he
was like it was like you know when you
grow up watching friends no you don't
cause you're 12 but when you're out
watching Frank you're like when I grow
up I'm gonna live in New York City and
I'm gonna live across the hall from all
my best friends are gonna be at each
other's place every single day well that
doesn't happen but for some reason it
sort of happened with me and Anthony
like every night we hung out and like it
was the best anyway he just got here and
he brought me
but he brought me cookies from my
favorite place in the whole world the
vein bakery in New York City is my oh my
god you've got so many cookies well I
just wanted to say thank you for this
weekend ok levain bakery in New York
City is like my favorite cookie place in
the whole universe and you brought me so
many ho my god I'm so excited
yeah so the rules of this game are not
rules it's like the stupidest game in
the world and we don't even know how to
play it so we're just like acting things
out when you're supposed to be answering
questions so it's Rachael and
Priscilla's turn so the card says Lizzie
brought the class's pet guinea pig home
to care for it over the holidays her cat
is eying it with too much interest what
would Lizzie do oh okay
via prompts we have prompt we have
brought he's taking this very seriously
right pet guinea pig his name is Winston
is having a confidential phone
conversation with Miranda when she
notices Matt eavesdropping on her what
should she do Miranda you'll never
believe it
he's been cracked was sitting three feet
from me and I was talking about getting
my new training bra
yes wait a minute I'm your right now no
I'm not gonna leave because mom said
that I can be anywhere there's
my house - mom never said that mom wait
wait wait I'll give you two weeks of
allowance and three candy bars you can
listen to the horrible talk to Miranda
and record it and show it to everyone at
school come back to what I did
