favor has changed me oh my god and money
in my bra I'm vlogging on my phone get
over it um you guys it's light outside
and I'm outside he's not weird
the Sun is out and I'm on the streets
walking like a person so we got off
early today which is crazy got off at a
normal time and as we're going to go to
the store that we've been dying to go to
in Chinatown
yeah but we've been really wanting to go
to this store and I'm really excited to
go let's check it out hi guys so I
didn't find anything at that store that
I wanted well that's not true stop
texting me
I really really wanted the cat onesie
that you guys could see but it was $120
and I'm not paying that that is crazy
for a onesie so I didn't get it but I
really wanted it um I'm home now and it
is that it is 8 p.m. and I wanted to
vent about something really quickly uh
before I go get dinner and all of that
stuff
okay so just excuse how like gross I
look right now but I just need to vent I
have been seeing lots of comments lately
that are cracking me up um today I saw
some that we're calling me a slut
because in my video that I posted in my
Queens corner which will be yesterday
for you
I have cleavage and okay so people are
calling me a slut which is really funny
but the biggest thing that I've been
seeing lately is that I'm changing it
and that Fame has changed me oh my god
and money in my bra so I wanted to talk
about that for a minute because I find
that hilarious have I changed in the
last year yes um so have you
so that's everybody like we change we
are humans and we change and evolve
depending on what's going on in
lives and in the last year I've been
working on my Netflix show 24/7 so has
it changed me yeah I have a better work
ethic I'm more confident I'm more proud
of myself I'm happier so yeah there's a
lot of things that have changed in my
life and those are the things that
changed about me but the fact that he
forcing that famous change me makes me
laugh because one I don't consider
myself famous so like that's already
weird but to like that statement like
when I think when someone says like oh
Fame changed him or Fame changed her now
that she's famous she's so different
when I hear that I think of like someone
who is living a crazy life spending
millions of dollars and changing their
appearance and just spending tons of
money and only caring about looks and
money and fame and success and like your
morals change that's what I think of
like oh well they're not the same person
they were before because now all they
care about is money and success and fame
who they're hanging out with and that's
what I think about when I go dessins
and which makes me laugh because I
literally have been living in like a
tiny little apartment in Vancouver like
wearing this hat every day I like no
makeup and leggings it's big sweatshirts
and looking like a total tow and I've
been sitting in a room with no windows
and not leaving for like 18 hours a day
like focusing on work oh is that like
famous changed me like I have anything I
have downgraded my life like I like was
gone down in the dumps compared to what
it was like a year or two ago where I
was like at home with my family my
friends and going to Disneyland and
going on vacation to Hawaii and doing
all so there's stuff like that to me is
more like oh my gosh look at this fun
life she's living compact and now where
I'm like sitting in a room by myself
like with an editor focusing on making
this show really good and like not
caring about how I look anymore and
living in a tiny apartment not caring
about things not shopping not buying
anything like how they changed me I just
think it's so funny cuz it's like the
exact opposite like my
is downgraded as far as like a social
life or like money I'm so passionate
about this Netflix show it is like the
only thing I can think about it's the
only thing that I'm focused on right now
and it is my life 24/7 because I care so
much about it and I'm so passionate
about it and I'm so excited about it and
I think it's funny that you guys not all
of you most of you are so supportive and
so sweet but I think it's funny that
there's a group of you guys thinks that
theme has changed me I just think that's
so funny I'm still me I'm so clean I'm
still like no I just think it's so every
time I read those comments are like what
are they talking about like what what in
my life screams like Fame has changed me
and I'm so obsessed with Fame and
success and like beauty and whatever I
just oh my god I don't know I don't even
have a point to saying that I guess it's
just like I'm vlogging every day so you
guys see all of it I love you guys and I
think I'm gonna go out tonight with
Harvey um and I need to clean my room
tonight so that'll be fun
so I just I'm in the same place for you
guys but I actually did leave my
apartment it's almost midnight now I
went out to dinner with Harvey and the
cast of status update which is the movie
that Harvey is shooting up here with a
bunch of really sweet people there's a
lot of fun we just like had sushi and
talked and hung out and they all went to
a bar and I was like girl I'm tired so I
am home now and I'm going to kind of
unpack some of my stuff so I want to get
situated because right now I'm living
like this
and I just don't do well in that
situation Joshua comes to town tomorrow
and Rebecca because Josh had a show in
Oregon tonight I haven't seen Josh in
since the fourth of July and what's
right now it's end of July so it's been
a while it's crazy it's like time flies
so weird up here like being locked in a
room every day it's like you don't know
what day it is what time it is when you
saw people last it's so weird so it's
like I feel like I haven't seen him in
forever but I also feels like I saw him
yesterday
I just farted
love-love
Oh
