hello its me I was wondering if after
all this time you lied to me I am gonna
tweet this watching live stream oh my
god it's a live streaming and you
believe it yes because I think your
sentence okay so we should be good to go
so while we're waiting for people show
up I'll play some uke so here's what
you're in for tonight y'all I'm going to
procrastinate work cuz I'm supposed to
be editing right now I don't want to so
I'm going to I'm gonna play you and I'm
gonna unpack my suitcase it's a
thrilling night it's gonna be a really
thrilling night but while you guys are
coming in
now are there any people in here now are
you guys it's like this is always an
awkward moment of like 10 minutes where
I'm like waiting for people to come to
the livestream and watch so I figured
I'd sing during that moment but I am
going to snapchat that I'm doing this
hey I'm doing a livestream on my vlog
Channel I know it's late it's like
midnight but if you're awake comes a
high and hangout damming my tonight
waves waves on their snapchat nice
change after Corey's here Corey Tom ah
so many guys want to talk about him I
could sing a little bit more while I'm
waiting for our Queens to come on here
Karina's Queen said what do you love and
hate about Corey spelled wrong love you
I love you too and what do I love hate
about Corey I love everything about
Corey and I ain't nothing about Corey I
think that if I hate anything about
Corey is that he's in my brain like and
it's weird too
someone on the planet who's literally
inside of your brain and knows
everything about you um so I don't hate
that because I love it but like it's
weird like we'll just look at each other
and I was the same thing to him I'll be
like it happened today we're in the
editing room quite do you remember when
we were in the editing room and I like
looked at you and I knew what you were
thinking what was what happened what was
that I can't remember now
yeah we wouldn't we got up early from
work today like earlier than usual and
whenever producer is like oh I want to
go get jeans and Gaston and Cory just
looked at me and I was like it'll be
close by then because I knew that there
was a store in Gaston that he would
probably want to go to he didn't even
say anything and this is what he got at
the store but um but I looked at him
like it'll be closer than he's like how
did you know what I was thinking but
that's literally like every five seconds
like we know what they're thinking at
all times so yeah Rebecca the trash
Becca GUI said when he gonna see Joshua
I'm seeing him tomorrow the one Maddy
said girl some of us want to sleep
because it's 3:00 a.m. then gonna save
you not to watch um let's see
greedy Evan said are you still pissed
about what happened with MTV a few years
ago I'm not pissed it's like the nature
of the game I was on an MTV show a few
years ago and they lied to me and they
said that the show is gonna be about
being a Internet star and like what it's
like to live and have a job on the
internet and what they did was they
filmed me for six months and then they
edited together twenty minutes of
footage to make me and Josh look like
the worst human beings on the planet
like took pieces of this conversation
and put it with this conversation and
like all the stuff and um they made this
look really bad and it was really hard
when it happened but now I'm like I
don't care like it's off anyone who
knows us knows that it's not real so
cleans flannels said favorite thing
about Harvey love you so much Harvey is
my friend who's up in Vancouver shooting
a movie and I spent actually went to
dinner with him tonight and his friends
and have everything about him is his
generosity and his sense of humor those
are my two favorite things he's the
sweetest like most giving person in the
world like he will give you his shirt on
his back if you say you're cold like
he's the sweetest but also he's the
funniest person like I laugh so hard
that my stomach hurts like every time I
hang out with him he's so funny so I
love him um see I mean it's a hashtag
okay so I've discussed with hashtags
happy birthday Amaya okay ask me some
juicy questions cuz I'm gonna start
unpacking my suitcase and I wouldn't
like have storied like asthma question
that isn't a yes-or-no question like
asking you a question that's like an
intense question that I'll have to like
tell you whole story about that I can
tell you store it while I'm unpacking
well you guys are thinking of good ones
I'll sing another song so let me see
what can I do I like singing re so often
re on a song to play um actually you
guys tell me tweet me right now and tell
me or you can comment on this video and
tell me what ariana song to sing I don't
know I need to charge my computer it's
dying yeah honeymoon Avenue okay I'll do
that
was the first thing I saw not a very
cool some crazy let's see I mean song in
a while so
okay
Tomlinson Sarah tones and said please
tell us more stories about when you were
in college hmm what kind of sorry there
are so many stories from college let me
think I feel like I've told you was the
stories from college um I could tell you
I love that I lost 300 viewers while I
was singing uh college I remember there
was one I kind of told you guys this
before I know I've told some of you this
before but um there's a guy that like it
was my best friend like he's my best
friend for a while and he started to
like me and then I kind of liked him but
I couldn't figure it out and I just
never I didn't know I know what I was
thinking or doing and but he liked me
and um he started to really like me but
we were still just best friends like
nothing ever came of it and eventually
he like told me he liked me but um I did
not like him I had decided the typical
college drama and on my birthday
he um took I want to forget he was like
I have a present for you and he was
really excited about and I was so
excited I love birthdays I love presents
all so excited and the present he gave
me was a song that he wrote for me and I
was like oh my god it's so cool it's so
nice but the song the lyrics were
basically like thank you for being my
friend but I can't be your friend
anymore telling me he could not be my
friend anymore and I was like you
couldn't wait til tomorrow to do with
this like you're literally telling me
you're not gonna be my friend anymore
and you're my best friend
on my birthday um that was pretty crappy
um well we ended up like I was well I
called him out on it I was like are you
seriously telling me that we can't be
friends on my birthday and then
I think we were fine after that but I
remember it's like I'll never forget
that it was like that's like some
freakin worst thing you could do to
someone on their birthdays for like I'm
not gonna be your friend anymore oh my
god Amanda knows that it is I want to
thank you cozy and Meg but being my best
friend I feel so sorry for anyone who
was a part of my life in the past
because I all my dirty laundry on the
internet now so like if you have ever
like anyone who's ever been a part of my
life anyone I've ever I've gotta get my
charger right now anyone who's ever like
dated me or been my friend or screwed me
over anything like all that tea is all
over the net now like I first started
like be more subtle about it but now I
just like to tell you guys everything so
if like that guy ever watched my videos
he'd be so pissed so embarrassed
I never seen his name so do you have any
funny stories from college no Caleb um I
was getting married this year which is
crazy
um tell some of your ghost stories I've
told you all of them I think I don't
have that many ghost stories um in
college I've told this like twice in
caline's corner but like I came home
from hanging out with my friend and
there was like a ghost or a demon or
something in my bunk bed like I slipped
on the bottom bunk and my roommate sits
on the top bunk and I got home at like 3
or 4 in the morning and I was like okay
I'm gonna be really quiet cuz I open the
door I saw my roommate asleep in her bed
and like her hair was her long curly
hairs like draped over the bed and I was
like what I need to be quiet so I was
like got ready for bed brush my teeth I
just felt like there's something off in
the room um and so then I got into bed
I could hear her breathing really loud
in her sleep and I was like Amanda are
you okay
and like the breathing got louder and
louder and let her and it started really
deep like that like really I can't do it
but it sounded deep like a man it didn't
sound like a girl anymore
and I was like Amanda Amanda are you
okay and um she wasn't responding to me
she's just breathing heavy and so then I
started to like pray like oh my gosh if
there's any demons or anything bad in
this room get out like I just felt like
there's something bad in there and um
and then all of a sudden my door like
the door not starting to open it's like
4:00 in the morning at this point the
doorknob starts to open and in walks my
roommate and I was like Amanda what are
you doing here you are sleeping your bed
you're asleep in your bed
she's like no I'm not I just got home
sorry did I wake you up oh no no you're
in your bed here any better nicer crying
I was like I saw you in your bed she
said clean I have not been home all
night I got out of my bunk bed look on
the top bunk the sheets are completely
pulled back
there's no pillows there's no nothing up
there the sheets are just like
completely all the way to the wall
there's no one up there but when I came
home at night I saw a person in the bed
with the hair draped over the side of it
that was a creepy thing that ever
happened me the next night the same
thing happened to my roommate I walked
home and I've got walked in the room at
like 4:00 in the morning and she was a
little you're in your bed you're in your
bed I saw you in your back so then um we
like prayed over the room and like we
had to call like the RAS and like it was
like very very very scary so that's like
my scariest story but I told you guys
that one like a bowl of times um I'm
trying to think of other ones that I
have I don't even know I have a lot Rama
is a juice why hello Joshua
I'm doing a live streaming when I say hi
girl put you on speaker what you're on
speaker hi live stream no you're in my
phone like I've saved for some reason
every time I get a new phone I've saved
us something different and now like I
updated my phone and now it likes it
saved us everything I've ever saved you
as so when you call me it says hubby or
fiance or Josh hubby or you know my
fiance whatever floats your boat
well I'm gonna wash them can I cut it a
little bit okay hello I love you just a
little bit I'm gonna like I'm packing my
suitcases and just gossip with the kids
on the interweb if you're lucky I don't
know we'll see I know but there's like
blankets and I have to make like my
ukulele you know okay I love you si
Senor tummy ready I left you soon maybe
dude they're divorced anyway Oh
questions so um
oh I keep seeing this question Rama Dean
McLean said where is your best friend
Courtney that used to be in your vlogs
all the time I was watching your old
blogs either day so for you as veterans
who've been watching my blogs for
forever you've probably seen people kind
of come and go out of my life um
Courtney I've known Courtney since I was
like 13 14 I don't know how many of you
remember her I was in her wedding she's
awesome we were best friends for a
really long time we're like sisters but
we just kind of grew apart like nothing
bad like it just like she moved she
lives really far away from me for
specials like an hour and half way for
me but she also like has kids and um she
just lives a totally different lifestyle
than I do and so it just you know she
was so busy because she has babies and
she's salehoo mom and like to drive all
the way up to me was like not really
realistic and I have such a crazy hectic
schedule me to drive out to her is not
really realistic and we just are so
different like when you guys will see
like once you grow up and you become an
adult and become who you are like you
become a new person and sometimes it's
like not the same as you were before and
nothing bad ever happen we're just like
totally different people so we text the
other day or just like hey I hope you're
doing well
like there's no there's nothing bad it
just we just kind of grew apart and I
still love her dearly she'll always be
like my sister and like be my family and
I love her to death but we just don't
see each other anymore
so that just kind of happens sometimes
um let's see
it's hard like once you become an adult
it's like you have to pick what road
you're gonna take like either choose
your career reaches your friends or you
choose a family and or you choose babies
or you choose travel like you choose
what you kind of want to do and I've
chosen career and the family that I have
um but I'm not ready to like start a
family yet and a lot of my friends who
are my age cuz I'm very old I don't know
if you guys know that I'm very old um a
lot of my friends who are my age have
babies and once you have babies like
they become your whole life like babies
are your world and it's all you can talk
about and so you can think about and it
is every
about you and is everything and we don't
have a baby your life is about you and
where your career is going and your
family and your friends and so it's hard
to like relate to people closely who are
like going through that in their life
like and some some people I've been able
to do that with like Christina um you
guys know teenie she's got kids and we
so are best friends and I have so much
in common but she was never that type of
a mom like a lot of my friends who
became moms we're like just mom all the
time well you know it's like to have
baby and it's just like they couldn't
talk about anything else
and um Christina wasn't like that she
still was just Christina she's like one
of the only people I've met who had a
baby
and it like she still was christina like
she didn't turn into a new version of
herself which there's nothing wrong that
you you had a baby like life-changing
but when you don't have a baby it's hard
to like relate to someone who has one so
like I don't know that I've just grown
apart from friends who started having
babies and you know it probably what
will happen is once I start having
babies maybe I'll go back in those
people's lives cuz I'll be like oh now I
know because we're talking about this
whole time I'm like babies uh but um I
also can't imagine that I would change
that much that much once I have a baby
um
vanch Cooper said most awkward moment
with Josh or Corey was awkward moment
which I don't get awkward very easily
like I can't I can't even think like an
awkward moment that I've had with Corey
cuz I don't feel awkward around him like
if you like in order to have an awkward
moment with someone you have to be able
to be awkward around them but like I
would never get embarrassed around Corey
or feel awkward around Corey or Josh so
I don't really have one commuting of an
awkward moment we've had together yeah
like I know like we've literally like
pooped in front of each other
practically so like there's nothing that
could be awkward
Sarah Wren Gumbo's sue gumbo said what
is your worst bullied experience
umm-hmm I'm mr. pack I'm packing for
this one I think this one could be a
happy story oh my god I don't know I
feel like first of all I will say that I
feel like everyone gets bullied some
people get bullied worse than others but
do you feel like everybody goes through
their fair share of bullying um and I
feel like I went through it a lot in
high school but in high school wasn't
like talked about like for me high
school for you guys probably you know
and nowadays like bullying has talked
about constantly like it's very very
aware that there's bullying going on but
when I went to school like it wasn't
talked about like it was just like oh
yeah you get bullied like it was just a
fact and it right Cory didn't feel that
way like when we were in high school it
wasn't like bullying wasn't something
people talked about it was just like a
fact it was like yes you get bullied the
end like there was no like bullying
needs to stop like that never happened
it was just like you get bullied and it
sucks and deal with it like that's how
it was when I went to school so it
didn't feel I don't know I got I got
made fun of a lot by boys like in high
school which might be kind of the reason
why I became like so like independent
and it was like I'm gonna be a single
mom and I don't care about love and
romance and that was very much me and I
want to be a single mother I never
wanted to fall in love and everyone to
get married like I was like I mean I
wanted to feel that stuff I guess but
like I was openly like I'm okay being
single forever I'm just gonna be single
for the rest of my life all that stuff
um because boys were really really mean
to me in high school like I didn't look
like the other girls like I didn't I
didn't have boobs in high school I did
not blossom until college and actually
when I came home from college the first
year that I came home from college
everyone thought I got a boob job
because I went from an a-cup to like a
c-cup in like three months like and I
didn't get when I was college like I was
17 when I got boobs so I was made fun of
a lot in high school for that and I I
didn't dress like the other kids and I
didn't like I was just kind of weird
which is fine it wasn't that weird I was
just like a theater kid and boys just
made fun of me a lot and made fun of
my flat chest or my crazy hair or my big
nose my awkwardness like I was picked on
a lot I was teased a lot by boys
so girls were mean to but um the girls
stuff didn't scar me as much as like the
boys stuff like I don't know why but it
just didn't so I'm waiting for me a lot
in high school the worst bullying
experience that didn't happen till I was
an adult and it was cyber bullying and
it wasn't signing that big deal like as
a youtuber like my life is like oh yeah
I'm just gonna get bullied because
that's what it is like I was bullied
today online by rich people calling me a
which talked about my blog today so
tomorrow um but yeah I mean like I get
you're bullying every day online but
that's like what the a chose this job so
I know that it's part of it what bugs me
is like I can handle people being
wieners to me but what bothers me is
like I don't want other kids who are
like I don't want you guys to read the
comments about like oh cooling you have
cleavage so you're a I don't want a
girl who has cleavage to be like Oh am i
 because I have cleavage and I don't
want like when people like you you're so
skinny it's so gross eat a burger you
look disgusting
I wouldn't want a girl who has the same
body type as me to read that and then
think negatively about herself so that's
what kind of bugs me about online
bullying but the worst bullying I've
experienced online was actually not from
kids it wasn't for me you guys it wasn't
for my audience at all it was when I did
comedians in cars getting coffee of
Jerry Seinfeld which was by the way like
the best experience ever he's the nicest
man in whole universe I like I'm so
grateful for that experience it was
incredible um but when I did that this
show came out and it was like adults
like I went on his Facebook page or went
on it was on Facebook like it was
getting spread through Facebook
it was like it was getting spread on
Facebook that I did the episode with him
with Jerry Seinfeld and uh so I was
looking at it because it was like going
viral on Facebook and the comments were
the meanest things I have ever read in
my entire life like the meanest things
I've ever heard in my life and I um was
really hurt by it cuz it wasn't like it
was my fans saying this stuff to me like
cuz that sometimes I can handle that cuz
I'm like oh well I should probably
listen to them cuz they're my audience
it was like random people and it was
adults it was like and also like when
it's younger audience and rude things
you're like well they're still learning
there's still children like they're
still learning that that's not
appropriate and that that's me and that
could hurt someone's feelings see
there's a little bit of forgiveness
there but when it's adults like grown
adults saying the most horrible things
I've ever read in my life about me like
that was really hard and especially when
it was on something that I was really
proud of I was really proud of that
episode of comedians in cars getting
coffee I feel like I did a good job in
it I feel like it's really funny I was
proud that Jerry Seinfeld like thought I
was funny enough to be on it and that he
respected me like that was such an
incredible experience and so to have
people be so mean about it like was
heartbreaking
cuz I was so proud of it and I thought I
did such a good job and people were just
this stupid girl she's not funny at all
this is what's happened you used to have
comedy legends and now we have stupid
kids like this who don't know what
they're doing who just make a 5 minute
video and blah blah and they're just I
mean they were so mean calling me the
worst names um and that's probably the
only time where like comments made me
like devastate like I was sobbing I was
so so sad I was sobbing um I was just
but I just couldn't understand why
people were so like why they were being
so mean and I was like they don't even
know me they don't like do you think
that I just got lucky and when really
I've been working my butt off my whole
life too
be a performer and works more hours than
anyone I've ever met in my life
but they think it was just handed to me
and there's no way to prove that it's
just what people are gonna think anyway
that was the hardest bullying but the
cool thing that came from that was I
learned that you guys are amazing
because the one thing that like really
lifted my spirits through all that was
you guys defended me to like these
people who are being awful and mean in
the most mature way it was so cool to
see that like the younger audience was
the one who was being mature like these
adults these middle aged men and women
were being like I hate this bitch about
me and being so mean about me and you
guys were responding and being like you
weren't being like I was expecting you
guys to attack them because you guys are
very like wonderful and supportive of me
and very like passionate about like
supporting me and so I was nervous you
guys are gonna be like how dare you I
hate you and be rude back but you
surprised me and all of your comments
were like that's not a nice thing to say
about someone you don't know her and she
actually works really really hard and I
hope you find happiness today like those
are the kind of comments I was reading
and I was like oh my god like my
subscribers are like the sweetest people
and he didn't fight back with hate you
you fought back with like love and
sweetness and it was so cool to see like
it was that was a really cool moment so
even though I got a lot of hate um in
that during that it was it was cool that
like I also got to see how awesome you
guys are and like I don't know that was
a cool experience my cute little crop
top one slide
I'm looking for any questions on Twitter
now my god I'm so talkative
um let's see so go ahead and ask me
other questions on Twitter right now cuz
I'm looking
someone said tell us the drunken Church
story
Arlene's of that but I already told it
to you I did not get drunk in church I
just had alcohol in a church uhm loves
yd0 to said have you ever unfollowed a
fan before no I haven't I've unfollowed
people who said they were fans but then
were being really really mean and
horrible to me or a family member so I
was like well that's not a fan if you're
being super mean i've unfold a couple
people like that but not really
brenn Frederickson said do you have a
favorite episode of haters back off yes
I love you so much I love meeting us
somewhere lucky too um yes I do have a
favorite episode I like them all like I
love them all so much I can't look you
guys to see the show like dying I want
to I want you to see right now like I
wish I could show you this I would show
you right now they let me I loved every
single episode I'm so proud of the show
I think it is so funny and so everything
it is it is everything it is all the
words that I can use to describe
something great I'm very proud of it
I've never worked harder on anything in
my entire life and I probably never will
again because I can't imagine ever
working this hard on anything ever again
my favorite episode right now and it
changes all the time but my favorite
episode right now is the finale episode
8 um I really like it I think it's it's
just different like it's um I worked the
hardest on it I returned on that episode
of any other episode and it's hmm how
can I explain it not giving anything
away
final episode we'll just I'm hoping it
will surprise people and it surprised me
like I I really really like episode 8
like it's it's so good
I think you guys will too I think here's
the thing I wanted to make a show that
like how can I explain how I give
anything away you know I don't know I
think you're gonna like it it's a good
show
it's Betty Gould it's very very cool and
I worked very hard on it and I think
it's really cool and I think this is
what I like about so much is that like
making this show from the beginning I
said I don't want to make a show that
everyone else is making when I make this
show I don't care if it gets good I
don't care if it gets good ratings I
don't care if people tell me no one's
gonna watch it I just want to make sure
I'm making a show that I like and I'm
passionate about and I like like that's
that's what I just want to I want to be
proud of it and that's always been my
goal with this show and there was
moments here and there where I'm like oh
I'm a little bit unhappy with that just
cuz there's not enough time to make
everything perfect so there's a few
moments in every episode where I'm like
that could be a little bit better but
it's like little perfectionist things
like no one would ever notice other than
that like I've been really lucky having
creative control and stuff but um I I
did not like follow any rules like in in
this industry it's like this is what a
comedy is on television this is what a
drama is on television this is what this
kind of cut like there's all these
different like there's like a stereotype
of like what a TV show should be like
this is a modern family type of comedy
and this is you know whatever and I
didn't follow any rules like I just did
what I wanted to do so I think a lot of
people won't like it because of that
like I think a lot of people will be
like no probably shouldn't say that but
um I think people be like whoa this
doesn't follow the rules of like what
television is um but I didn't want to do
that like I wanted to make something
that I wanted to make and that's what I
did and so I'm excited for you guys to
see I'm excited to see how people
respond to it because it's it's
different it's a really different show
it's really you guys are gonna watch it
be like oh this looks like this show
like there's not really anything to
compare it to it's it's really it's a
weird weird show but it's really good
I'm really
not now iPhone not now my mom is so mad
at me because I won't tell her what
happens in the season finale like she's
furious at me um I'm trying to clean
around my very bad this look at these
cute little shorts one weird story from
your childhood that's from J Wolf when
we did story I feel like I've told a lot
of stories but I'll tell you um
something that I didn't know was weird
but now I know it's weird look I have
the graveyard girl palette just drop the
brush how pretty it is and when I do
like a tutorial with it or something I
wanna like a weird start from each other
so weird story I'm sure I do
but I'll tell you a story about my dad
and how he's awesome I think I've told
this story before probably about
whatever um my dad is the coolest person
in the world I love my dad a lot he's
the best and um we didn't have money
growing up like at all like nothing and
I never knew and like when I did find
out we didn't have money it wasn't like
a thing it wasn't like we're poor it was
just kind of like oh yeah we don't have
money who cares like I didn't care like
it wasn't ever a thing my parents didn't
talk about it in a negative way um I
just didn't know that I was missing out
on things so like it was never like well
you can't have that because we don't
have money my dad actually like made
sure that we always got to do everything
everyone else got to do you know we
didn't have money so for example like my
dad um like we couldn't go to the zoo
because it was ooh cost money and but my
dad didn't want us to miss out on the
experience of like going to a zoo
so he goes to the pound cuz the pound
was free and we go and we look at the
dogs and the cats and the cages at the
pound
and we thought was great got to see
animals we didn't care that it wasn't
like Tigers we were excited about to see
animals um he would take us to uh like a
pizza parlor to play the arcade games
but we couldn't like he didn't want to
spend the money on like the actual
arcade game so he would just like I tell
us he'd like act out like what was going
on and we'd be pushing buttons my god
now turn right turn right turn right
okay now can I'm Ken I'm like and you
think we're playing and screen be like
blinking game over and we'd be like
we're playing a video game we didn't
even know um and like other things like
we'd go to McDonald's like we'd bought
McDonald's but they're back in my day
back when I was a young um they used to
have really cool days at McDonald's
where they'd have a hamburger day and a
cheeseburger day and I think it was
Tuesdays and Wednesdays and on Tuesdays
that burgers hamburgers were 29 cents
and on Wednesdays the cheeseburgers were
39 cents where do you remember that well
remember that um and my dad would go on
the hamburger day cuz it's cheaper is
only 29 cents a burger and then he'd buy
burgers for each of us and he drive them
home and then he'd get cheese from our
fridge like our American cheese slices
from the fridge and put them on and melt
them in the microwave so we could have
cheeseburgers because it was cheaper
than getting the 39 cent cheeseburgers
so we did like my dad was so creative
and did a lot of stuff like that so I
never knew that like we didn't have
money he's my creative and we didn't
watch movies we didn't watch TV we'd
make our own movies and make our own TV
shows with our video camera and that's
why I think I'm like loved this job so
much I love doing YouTube because it's
what I grew up doing like we didn't
watch movies and TV we watched the
videos that we make at home we'd make
like full storylines out of with our
video cameras at home so yeah it's not
really a weird story from childhood it
was just like the story story
that guy said what talk shows do you
want to go on when you do press for hit
it back off I don't you know I don't
like press guys I'm just gonna say it
once again that's something that like
you're not supposed to say here's one
thing that I do that you're not supposed
to do is because I'm like on the
internet all the time I tell you guys
things that I probably shouldn't and
like I don't have like a hardcore
publicist you tells me what to say and
what not to say most people in the
Hollywood industry have a human who
calls them and says hey you shouldn't
tweet that or you shouldn't say this
don't say this don't do this in an
interview don't say this in an interview
but I'm like I've literally burped and
peed and been so gross all over the
internet like what if I got to hide um
but I don't think you're supposed to say
this but like I hate press I hate doing
interviews I hate doing photo shoots I
hate doing red carpets I hate it it's so
uncomfortable um so I don't know I know
I'm gonna do press for the show but um I
don't know I'm not like really looking
forward to it I'm looking forward to
promoting the show so that people will
watch it so anything that I have I can
do to make it so that people watch the
show I will do because I want everyone
to see it because I really want to do a
season two because I want to finish
telling the story of Miranda and um and
I just love the cast and I love the crew
and I just this is like my dream job and
like literally this year all my dreams
are coming true and so I don't want it
to end so I want a lot of people to
watch the show so that my dream doesn't
have to end so I can keep doing this
forever um but I don't know I guess I've
always wanted to do Ellen um but even
that it's like the thought of like
having to figure out what I'm supposed
to wear and like having people do my
hair and makeup and stuff like that
makes me so stressed like I'm so
stressed right now thinking about it and
like I don't know I don't even know if I
would I don't even know if I'm gonna
dupe like I don't know what the press
situation is gonna be maybe I'm not
gonna do any talk shows maybe I'm not
gonna do press but I would love to do
I'd love to just meet
Ellen actually I'd love to like have
Angela Kinsey go on Ellen and promote
the show and I just get to go and meet
Ellen Oh feed my dream but I did do the
Fallon I did do the Jimmy Fallon show
and he's the nicest guy in the world so
like maybe I'd want to do that just cuz
he was so nice and I feel like I might
be more comfortable around him but I
don't know I don't really like press it
stresses me out so hopefully I don't
have to do too much canvas that are you
gonna have a premiere yes I don't know
any information no this is not me
withholding information I literally know
no information Jennifer said what stop
are you most excited to go on tour so
I'm going to New Mexico next week I'm
really excited I've never done a show in
Albuquerque New Mexico I'm going to
Denver Colorado next week and so like
city next week and get tickets if you
haven't already in robinson's calm but
then I'm going all over Europe and going
all over England and Germany and Ireland
and I'm going to Copenhagen and I think
that's what I'm most excited about I'm
excited for all of them but um I've
heard amazing things about Copenhagen
and I just think it looks really pretty
and I've ever been so I'm excited for
Germany to UM to explore Germany and
I've never done shows in Germany so I'm
nervous
MIG will Lunger Ortiz said will you be
putting the first episode of heaters
back up on YouTube
no the show will be on Netflix and
that's it so if you want to see it you
have to sign up for Netflix but it's
worth it trust me trust me it's so worth
it because even if you like get a
Netflix account and you hate my show and
you're like well that was a waste of
money I hate it haters back off there
are so many other amazing shows to watch
on Netflix
it is crazy like all the Netflix
original series are incredible and just
everything have a bit like their friend
and it's like it's worth it even just to
get so you can just watch friends over
and over and over again so it's really
worth it in my opinion
Capri castrillo de said weirdest fan
experience weirdest dating experience so
every time someone asked me with my
weirdest fan experiences I always say I
don't have one but then the other day
someone tweeted um clean says she's
never had a weird expand experience but
she literally broke her toe meeting a
fan once and I forgot about that I
didn't break my toe but I definitely
like severely injured it I was in San
Francisco I think or San Jose or
somewhere up in California and I was
doing a meet-and-greet and I typically
hug everyone goes to the mean greets now
looks like I have to do a side hug cuz
my shoulder but typically I like I'm
like coming on I like freak out over it
so I did that in this girl like ran for
me like lunged for me was so excited and
she rammed her foot into my foot like
this I was wearing Crocs so I didn't
know how this happened
but when she rammed it into me my
toenail on my big toe went and like came
off like it like ripped off and my whole
totally jammed it and it was so painful
and to be like I showed the picture with
her and then I turned around I was a
racial so I was when my sister Rachel
worked with me and I turned around I was
like I just need a minute I need a
minute and I tried to compose myself
took a few more pictures it was in so
much pain but I was like
I'm gonna get to his mean greet so I
kept taking pictures of people and then
I was like my foot feels so cold why was
my foot feel cold and I was like no wait
my phone feels wet
why is my foot wet and looked down and
my croc was full of blood and so we had
to stop the meet-and-greet
I did go upstairs in the dressing room
they took up my croc it was full of
blood my foot was covered in blood it
was so gross um and they bandaged up and
I went down and I finished mean greets
that I guess is the weirdest thing that
I've ever done or the fan weirdest
dating experience oh my god I don't know
I've had a lot of weird dates I did a
story time video about a bad date that's
going up next week so you guys will see
that one but weirdest date I don't know
I feel like I've told you guys all my
dating stories no have anything new to
tell you Izzie said where did you get
your flannel from probably forever 21
Gabby said what determines if you make a
second season of haters back off oh no
my phone's um basically like how well it
does you know like it's not my decision
if it were my decision to be like yeah
we're doing a second season like let's
film it yesterday I'd want to film it
immediately um but I have to read it
first
um what determines it is it how well
does like if people watch it um
hopefully if a lot of people watch it
then we'll get a season two it's also
depends on like how people like it so if
we get a bunch of people to watch it but
everyone's like this is garbage then we
probably won't get a second season so
you guys have to watch it and you have
to enjoy it and has to get good reviews
um good ratings so it's not my decision
um but if it was I'd say let's do season
two but hopefully I mean I'm trying to
stay positive
I'm very pessimistic person naturally so
like I mean I'm happy I'm
but as far as like how I feel like I've
succeeded is by being like well this is
never gonna happen for me so live this
moment to its fullest because tomorrow
you're not gonna have any of this and
that's helped me like keep succeeding
because I'd like live each day to the
fullest with what I'm doing
and that's kind of how I'm dealing with
this I don't assume I'm getting a season
two because then I'm afraid I won't
enjoy this experience with season 1 so
I'm like ok pretend like you're not
getting a season 2 at all so that season
1 you really do the best job you could
ever do and you really live it to the
fullest and you experience it to the
best it can be
um but yeah you guys people need to
watch it like that's I don't know I
guess that's the answer like people
people have to watch the show and that's
how it would get picked up for a season
2 I don't know we'll see what happened I
hope it gets picked up I would love that
hi can you choose a Polaroid from your
wall and tell us the story behind it
that's from Christine dunker that's a
good one I went in Folly first of all um
ok let me look at my Polaroids and I'll
find one I'll do a couple of them so
this one is that's me and that's Eric
Stockland who plays Miranda's best
friend on haters back off and he's
holding a bubble machine and this was
taken at VidCon there's a bunch of us in
my hotel room like my family and stuff
and we were practicing this bubble
machine made sure it worked because the
next day I'm pretty sure yeah whatever
yeah the next morning we performed on
the VidCon stage and I he his character
used a bubble machine on me so he was
testing it and VidCon gave creators this
Polaroid camera so core to the picture
of him practicing the bubble machine
with me and I love this picture because
I love this kid he's the coolest Eric's
a really really good friend of mine
which I got lucky with because when you
cast a show you have no idea if you're
gonna like anyone so when we cast like
Uncle Jim and we cast Miranda's mom when
we cast mearns best friend I was like I
didn't know if I'm gonna like these
people and I'm about to become like
their family and um I got along with
everyone so so so well so Eric is like a
really really close friend of mine and
angela is the sweetest woman the world
and Steve is the funniest person in the
world so I go on with everyone great
which is amazing I'll pick another one
Wow um this is a picture of just me now
anyone who would have a picture of just
themself on the wall you probably look
at that and be like you are so
narcissistic who does that the reason I
kept it is because Parker took this
picture and he was like begging to take
a picture of me and I so I gave him the
Polaroid and he's like I won't take a
picture with you auntie panties and he
took it but like it's like you are me he
like pointed the Polaroid like this and
so I had to like lean in and like barely
made it and so I kept it because it's
like a good memory this one was at
Parker's birthday party up in Canada
this is Jacob and this is Bailey and um
Bailey Parker's birthday party was like
ending and everyone was leaving and it
was pouring rain the crazy cornering and
I was like let's go on a hike and so we
all got dressed up and raincoats and
whatever and went on a hike in the
pouring pouring pouring pouring rain and
I've never done that before and it was
really really fun um my memory so
anything that's um up oh really am I
gonna answer one more two more questions
Jaden said what's something you didn't
expect when he started YouTube all of
this when I started youtube I never
thought anyone would watched my videos I
never thought it would become my job I
never liked anything you I'd never
expected any of this at all I think the
only thing I expect no I didn't expect
anything when I searched like I
literally expected nothing when I
started each about just being goober and
it's crazy that it's gotten to be what
it is my god it smells like coffee in my
apartment right now it smell so that I
love this small coffee most of your
comments right now I like come to
Australia yeah come to this place
Victoria said where's your nail polish
remover right now it's all peeling off
it's a lavender color I'm thinking I
have no idea what it's from actually
nothing but my favorite nail polishes
are quick dry from like the drugstore
it's like some 60 second quick dressing
I love it and I also love the nail
polish at Urban Outfitters a lot I love
that dumb polish
what is your snapchat it's at choline co
ll een clays Kayleigh and said what is
your favorite kind of dessert anything
chocolate and in fact we have chocolate
ice cream here and I'm probably gonna
hit that up in a minute okay here's a
good one maybe I'll this will be my
final one hi you should go into your
contacts and randomly pick a name and
tell us a fun story that you've had with
them good idea so go into my contacts
um my mom is so mad that I'm not telling
her the ending of the show okay I'm just
gonna slide wait
so I forgot my I'm just gonna slide it
and then did I land on I ended on Ryan
Higa um Ryan Higa is a youtuber who's
amazing uh I've only hung out with him
twice one time was at his house in thank
you says where he lives but Marcus it
doesn't he doesn't but I was at his
house and um we were shooting the I dare
you series that he does on his channel
with Miranda and I have to tell you that
him and his friends like him his crew
are the nicest people in the world like
so nice so embracing so just amazing
like they're the sweetest sweetest
people probably I've ever met like there
are the nicest people ever so Ryan Higa
is real stand-up guy he's awesome okay
I'm gonna do it again I don't really
that wasn't really a story it was just
like saying he's nice
contacts stop we got these people packed
oh that's the guy I landed on is one of
the producers at MTV who likes scrutiny
over lead the leprechaun um so Lee is my
tour manager in Europe so whenever I go
overseas he's my like roadie and he's
this little Irish awesome guy that I
love so so so much we're really good
friends and um a story he I think I've
so many stories about Leigh Leigh's
gonna go on tour with me in August I'm
so excited to see him I caught a
leprechaun cuz he's Irish and the first
day that I met him he hated me like he
didn't probably he probably would know I
didn't but he totally did because he
didn't know what he was getting into he
didn't know Miranda he didn't know
anything he's just like our driver and
he came to pick me up and it was me and
teeny and Rachel and he brings up ISA
calmly and we're all wearing matching
onesies so we all ready
looks like obnoxious and we pile into
the van and he's like hi guys how you
doing and he had like that was a
horrible Irish accent but he has an
Irish accent
and um and Christina was like Lee are
you a leprechaun and he's like what and
he was like so annoyed and she just
started laughing I was like are you a
leprechaun because Yemen Irish accent so
you must be a leprechaun and we're being
so annoying and he's just like you're so
stupid you idiot like he thought we were
so dumb and annoying and it made us
laugh so much and we ended up becoming
like really really good friends and I
adore him and um he's lovely but like
our first experience with him our first
encounter with him we were just being
really obnoxious anyway thanks for
hanging out guys I need to go to bed I
have a big day at work tomorrow um but
thanks for chat with me hanging out late
at night and you're the best
I'll see you on this channel tomorrow
because I'm posting all the time
