so guys we are driving to work today
we're working on the color a lot of you
guys asked like well have you done
editing why can't we watch ah we're not
done editing we're still editing and
tweaking all the episodes and we'll be
for a while but we also have to after
we're done editing the episode stuff to
go through color mix things where you
get to go through each individual shot
and make sure the color is exactly how
you want it and then as you go through
sound mixing which takes forever and we
have to compose music and put it in and
it takes months and months so even
though we say like oh we just edited the
finale it doesn't mean that you guys get
to see it it just means that the editing
part of it is coming to an end but now
we have to do the music editing and the
sound editing and then can see it
translated into a bunch of different
languages because the shows coming out
in 190 different countries so there's a
lot of work to do for October 14th so
oh my god this Taylor Swift Kim
Kardashian drama is all the rage
like all anyone can talk about I'm just
like who cares who cares okay
freakin idea called her bitch she didn't
like it and then now there's some like
well we told her that we were gonna say
that
like who cares okay guys so you know how
when I was at VidCon I went to the
cannon booth because my camera shattered
well they gave me the new canon g7x to
try out and I am obsessed with it like I
love this camera so so so so so much and
they were like hey listen if you like it
so much we're gonna send you one and so
they sent me one and that's what I'm
using today and I love it
turn right on a smile a smile I really
really love this camera and so this
everyone and thank you so much Canon and
return 170 straight Siri I'm trying to
get Canada shout out and you're being so
rude so if you guys want to try out this
camera what you do because it's amazing
the link is right below I highly
recommend it if for any youtubers out
there like this camera is amazing and I
use it for like my main channel videos
too like I use it to vlog but this
camera's better than like my big 70d
like so I use this a night girl hey I'm
home gonna look like a ratchet myth but
as per huge I'm gonna play some you
tonight we got home earlier than usual
it's 938 right now which is amazing so I
got to work at 9:30 and now that I still
is only 12 hours tonight guys
it's not bad so um Christian days young
said awesome that you like Maria Mia
would like if you sing her song just
hold me one of my all-time favorites I
love that song too so I'm gonna sing it
for you
I
