face hey guys what's up it's been a
while I was on such a good streak let me
see if I can see my camera here okay
I wasn't such a good streak of vlogging
every day and then I stopped vlogging
for maybe maybe it's been like four or
five days so I'm sorry I was on a really
good streak for like a month or
something and then I just stopped and
the reason I stopped is because i just
got so overwhelmed and so stressed in in
canada we were working from like 8:00 in
the morning until like 3:00 in the
morning every day so with no lunch
breaks no dinner breaks no breaks and
there was nothing I could show you and
plus I wasn't like that Pleasant of
company to be around we were editing
some really tough stuff and I and he
just put me in a mood and so yeah I just
didn't vlog for a little bit but I'm
back now I'm home so when things got
rough up in Canada everything's fine by
the way it was just there's a lot of
stress there's a lot of work that goes
into this show um but when things got
rough I was like I have to go home like
I have to I need to get out of here and
so I booked a flight home and I'm home
right now I've been here for 24 hours
and I'm leaving in a couple of hours but
I just needed to get out of Canada and
get away from that setting and just from
I was just so immersed in like the world
of haters back off on Netflix which I'm
so excited about but I just needed a
little break and I wanted to focus on
YouTube so yesterday I filmed like six
videos and I go with my sister and just
kind of relaxed and ate pizza and today
I am kind of doing the same thing I'm
relaxing in my office and drinking
coffee from my Tonight Show mug because
I'm gonna toot my own horn here I was on
the Jimmy Fallon show once that was like
my big claim to fame Wow
I have to say I never knew how much work
goes into making a TV show or a movie
like I feel like you think you know
that's a lot of work but then when
you're doing it you're like oh my god
like I had no idea how much goes into it
we've been working on the show for years
and it's gonna end up being eight
episodes half hour each so that's four
hours years of work like 24 hours a day
work for four hours for you guys that's
it and I don't know just so crazy to me
I just I hope it's worth it I hope you
guys like it so I'm here unfortunately
Joshua is not here he's at a wedding so
I didn't get to see him which totally
blows but I'll see you next week so I'm
excited about that anyway um what I'm
doing right now is my makeup what I do
is I like edit a video and while it's
exporting or while it's uploading I'll
do my makeup so I'm not wasting time
alright so today I'm gonna go koi my and
I remember home I get the urge to go
through all my like like junk makeup
because every I feel like every girl has
this but tell me if I'm wrong every girl
has like her go-to makeup so I have this
bag of like my go to put on every single
day and then I have like a drawer full
of makeup like I won't throw away but I
don't use and it's like so it's from
like high school but I'm like ah but
maybe i'll use the eyeshadow some days i
can't thrown away but it's like I'll
never wear it and it just sits in that
drawer of like makeup that I'll never
touch so everyone's well I get in the
urge to like go through that and see
what's in there and sometimes you find a
gem so ladies if you have one of these
like I never will touch this makeup but
I'm not throwing it away drawers go look
through it because you'll find some gems
anyway I did not find a gem today but I
did find some ugly makeup and I'm gonna
try to do my makeup with it it's this
it's a Lancome palette that like I stole
from my mom in high school and it's got
greens and I'm gonna try tonight which
is the craziest like it's gonna be so
gross but I don't know why I'm there to
do it okay so my face both above the
focus on my face the whole kiss
baki some face
oh hi I am wearing green eyeshadow why
would you do this thing yourself why you
look like a Grinch
why you look like a third grader
experimenting with your mom's makeup I
just said experimenting I'm gonna do my
hair and put on some other clothes do
some work and Rachel's coming over Oh
Rachel's coming over in ten minutes
oh my god okay we're gonna film a video
together and I need to get ready for
that so I love you guys and I'll see you
in a couple seconds when I film again
all righty Rachel's here yeah Corey's
here Corey is making props for the tour
because we're about to go on tour
praying for May we're going to New York
New Mexico next week and Colorado and
Salt Lake City and then Thousand Oaks a
week after that so we're starting to get
back into tour mode which is so weird to
go from like Netflix to tour which is I
don't know it's just weird
grace when I'm gonna film a video
together and it's really inappropriate
it'll be up probably like next week oh
my god we just finished filming and it
was so dumb and really funny here's a
preview so uh maybe that'll be up Friday
maybe next Friday I don't know thank you
really
oh my god yeah anyway I'm gonna keep
working and packing and doing all the
things I need to do before I go back to
Canada for a weekend half and then I go
on tour for a week
they say things that you never side well
I'm back in Canada that didn't last long
and it is a little past midnight and
Corey and I ordered pizza because we are
all over and sometimes there's nothing
better than like gross pizza in the
middle of the night so we're gonna eat
this and then I'm probably an edit and
then wake up and go to work so I'm
really fascinating day for you guys to
watch thanks for watching and sorry I
was gone for a while try to keep up with
vlogs this week but I'm not making any
promises
