how long he's tonight
I think it's live so zero viewers so I
guess nobody's watching I know I know we
have all this the heck is going on my
shame is starting soon where is this I'm
so confused
is it working yet this fourteen people
are watching oh wait now it's a stranger
50 I don't know what is the deal you're
here alright so I'm leaving for Canada I
randomly decided to come to I randomly
decided to come to LA for 24 hours
because I just wanted to get away from
Canada and um as you guys can tell I
have not been vlogging on this channel
like the last like five days I just kind
of gave up on it because I just got so
freaking busy up in Canada like there's
so much going on and I was in the office
every single day like from a jillion
hours and so I was like okay I don't
want to I don't want to vlog nothingness
and I was just stressed and so I stopped
walking but I started logging again
today so you guys should have a blog
tomorrow hopefully but I came home for
24 hours and I found some videos I don't
Rachel and um now I'm packing up to go
back to Canada so I figured while I'm
packing a keynote with you guys and talk
to you about life and liberty and
hobbies
so as you know no questions are
off-limits here in my life we'll discuss
and ask me anything you want anything I
want
you can ask anything you want and I will
answer it so you know you guys always
want me to have hash tag bugger all my
brain does not want to think about are
great oh so just go ahead and ask me
whatever you want
well I'm gonna snapchat that I'm doing
this while you guys are asking me
go ahead ask me on Twitter and I can't
see long because my car's picking me up
in 30 minutes and I have to be finished
packing by then and I haven't even
started so um let's see
snapchat what filter should I use y'all
hi I'm doing a live stream on my vlog
channel so go check it out it's gonna be
so boring live stream right now okay
here we go I'm looking at your point
chains I don't see any questions y'all
literally don't see any question am I
crazy with my questions you guys aren't
even asking me anything
um micaiah Makayla said I'm frosting
rainbow cupcakes want some yes I do but
I just ate two cookies for dinner and so
I'm feeling a little sick from that oh
you know what I wouldn't get these
packing cubes have you guys ever seen
these these things like changed my life
I love them did you put your clothes
keeps your life organized I'm very bad
at organization my life is a hot mess
always so these are very helpful for me
you could stay a little bit more
organized but even that doesn't really
help me because I'm a hot mess
we brought home like basically
everything that we brought home
everything that we had in Canada because
I basically moved to Canada and so we
moved everything back this weekend and
and now I'm packing just for two weeks
because I have to be in Canada for two
more weeks and then I get to go on tour
for a little bit and then I get to come
home but I'm only home for like a week
and then I go on tour again
so I like it's just never-ending
traveling how'd you like my girl
okay I'm gonna look for questions
because last time I looked you guys were
just like there wasn't really any
questions questions no um what is the
weirdest experience while meeting a fan
I don't really have any weird ones like
I don't know I get that question a lot
like what's the worst experience you've
had with families the bats and I don't
really have any like I just have good
experiences with fans so I don't know
I'm sorry that's a boring answer but
it's true how long hates me a flannel
perhaps I should leave when I go to
Canada I'm really bad at packing guys I
like am the worst I think I've been like
shrinks before I was packing and they're
always really really boring um George
yeah Richie said what do you do when you
miss Josh if you know what I mean I
think you're being scandalous right now
my question and I'm assuming you mean
something really inappropriate um oh my
God look how cute this romper is by the
way I got it at Urban Outfitters and I
think it's really cute
sorry what's the question um what do I
do when I miss Josh uh well I'm not
gonna answer it in the way that I think
you want me to answer it because you a
perv but I when I miss Josh um I don't
like feeling sad feelings I'm not good
at feeling sad feelings so when I miss
anyone I usually like if I'm home
if I miss someone I'll just call and be
like hey come over I wanna hang with you
um but when I'm away I'll just text them
or I'll call them because I don't know I
I don't understand why
we want to sit in sadness and like just
be sad about something I'm like oh
they're sad then just like do something
about it
and so I'll just call them or text them
or anything like that so that's what I
do I just call them or texted um see
what I know romance
how's your shoulder that's from Sara at
cutie Colleen my shoulder is terrible
and I'm really annoyed because the
doctor told me you don't need a surgery
because the tear is really small but you
have really bad tendinitis so just go to
physical therapy and so I'm sorry go to
physical therapy and it's not helping
and I'm still in pain and I stopped
getting those shots the Prolotherapy
like I stopped doing that and now my
shoulders work so I think that was
helping all those shots I was getting
even though everyone thinks it's stupid
and doesn't work I haven't gotten them
in like over a month and now I'm in pain
again so I feel like those were helping
but maybe I'm wrong whew my little
baggies do you guys wear these little
shorts to bed
I tied a deist my cousin a long time ago
they're really ugly
um I Twitter hat or tumblr not Twitter -
I feel like had to make my nose look
bigger than it is okay mm-hmm
who's your favorite I'm a big brother
this season that's from Kylie Carter
oh man I love them oh no I really like
the season I love Big Brother it's like
one of my favorite shows in the world I
don't know if I could take a favorite I
like hmm I wouldn't you know what I
really liked um the girl who just got
kicked off I don't give any spoilers so
I'm not gonna say who it was but I
really liked her I thought she was
really sweet and cute and I was kind of
sad to see her go so this shirt is
variously through this shirt is cute
I promise you do you see me
Savannah she just called Twitter Tumblr
I'm out girl get out Mikayla said have
you started working on the new tour this
year
I'm coming yay Mikayla yeah so I just
designed a shirt that I'm excited about
for tour this shows in like New Mexico
Colorado and Salt Lake City there next
week I cannot leave and go on the tour
next week oh my god those shows um you
know those shows are going to be like a
combination of like all the shows I've
ever done so there's gonna be a little
bit of everything in those shows but
then when I go overseas to Europe those
shows are going to be the summer camp
tour that I did last year but updated so
like it's not going to be all the same
songs and everything it's gonna be new
versions of old stuff I used to do all
the time so very excited about it
look at this cute little shirt what's
the bunny ah Becca said did your
castmates watch your videos to prepare
for haters back off so the whole cast of
haters back off um didn't my god I
thought I lost the sweatshirt and I
didn't and now I'm really happy because
this is like my favorite cozy sweatshirt
and I'm putting it on right now because
I thinking not the sweatshirt
anyway what oh the people in haters back
off
yes so some of them no none of them had
even like heard of me before which is
kind of cool so there are there's four
main cast members it's Miranda Miranda
Zaman was played by Angela Kinsey from
the office if any of you watch the
office
Steve little plays Miranda's uncle and
he is the funniest person I've ever met
in my entire life and I cry laughing
every episode because he's the funniest
person ever um he's from eastbound and
down I don't know if you've seen that so
much except those real funny and the
other actor is Eric Stockland who's a
really good friend of mine I adore him
and he's super super talented and he
plays Miranda's best friend so that's a
cast and no they didn't know who I was
which is cool so they just came in not
knowing much about me or the show or
what it was and just kind of trusted
that like okay maybe this will be
something which is kind of cool and um I
know that Eric told me he watched
something before he came in I don't
remember what he said he watched I know
he did watch something though um and I
don't I don't even think I don't even
think Stephen Angela washing thing I'm
not sure maybe they did uh but I know
that none of them were like fans of me
or anything before like they didn't know
who I was and I kind of liked it that
way cuz I had to earn their respect in
their trust you know through throughout
the process of doing um
the show they you know they weren't like
oh she I don't know I I liked it that
way it was harder to win them over
because they weren't like already fans
it was like I had to prove that like I
knew what I was doing and I um I don't
know I just liked it that way so yeah
they did not know who I was and I don't
think they even watched my videos now
like I'm pretty sure they don't like
Eric doesn't and that none of them are
like YouTube people so they're not the
type of people who'd go online and like
search for videos or whatever so um yeah
none of them really watch my videos
which is fine with me
makes it more interesting and also like
it's just different like that the TV
show is so different than my YouTube
videos it's so so so different so I feel
like it wouldn't really help them to
watch the YouTube videos it's not like
it would give them more insight because
this show is so much different like on
YouTube miranda is like oh it's a
character she's a silly goofy character
but in the TV show she's like they need
we all need to believe that I was real
like Miranda was a real person and so to
watch these kind of goofy or YouTube
videos but then take it seriously in the
TV show I think would have been
contradictory and like hard for them so
I don't think it would have helped for
them to watch are you excited for Ari's
new perfume yes I am because I love her
old when I wear all of them so I'm very
excited for her new one it don't smell
right girls don't smell great um kollene
is okay at cleaners okay Sade are you
going to do like a free meet-and-greet
or something in money because there no
VIP tickets left none and you know
there's two shows in London and I'm
pretty sure one of them is like not sold
out and I'm actually positive one of
them's not sold out like barely sold any
tickets so um there might still be VIP
tickets to that one but if there's not I
really do kind of want to open up more
tickets for everyone because I feel like
the VIP tickets felt so fast and it's
such a bummer um so I wanna I was
thinking about upgrading some tickets to
VIP like if you buy a general admission
I'm gonna randomly pick like 15 people
to like be upgraded to VIP or something
I haven't put too much thought into it
yet but I kind of want to do that so if
you buy a ticket and it's not VIP you
might become VIP soon let's just watch
out oh my god leave in 20 minutes and
I'm not even close to being back
hmm oh my god Anna ate an apple in the
dark this morning choked on the sticker
and thought of you that is my literal
worst nightmare and I hate that you just
told me that um again Maya said she
didn't say my name are you kidding what
I just did Maya Dingle cookie said was
it hard growing up with three other
siblings no it was great
my siblings and I all get along really
really well um so no and you guys don't
know one of my siblings that well but
he's pretty awesome too my brother Trent
he's he's pretty great and um but he
doesn't he's not super excited about
being like in the spotlight or in videos
and stuff so he's you guys never see him
um he's really awesome and yeah we all
got along really well Rachel and I
didn't get along until we became like
adults like we didn't get along your
kids at all so that was hard but like
now we're like besties and it was fun
growing up with like a sister and a big
family like we lived in a small we grew
up in a small small small house we grew
up in a really tiny house and so we
didn't have a choice but to like be
around each other 24/7 and like try to
get along so we I think that's something
that's really great and if I ever have
kids I would want to make sure that my
kids have to share a room which like I
hated growing up but it made it so that
we're all super close because there was
no space and so it's like you had to be
around people and you had to like get
along with them and talk to them and um
I don't know I thought it was good for
me to like and now I love being around
people all the time like it never
bothers me to have people around 24/7
like I love it and that's what I want
for my kids too so I think if I ever
have kids even if I have a big house
like with
with lots and lots of rooms I would
still make my kids share rooms which
maybe that's really mean of me but I
don't know I just feel like it makes you
closer okay I'm not even paying
attention to what I'm packing I'm just
like throwing stuff in here and not
noticing what I'm doing this is good
text message sure al said have you seen
High School Musical before girl have I
seen High School Musical before I was in
high school musical in Disneyland or in
California Adventure so yes I have
definitely seen it I actually saw high
school musicals three high school
musical 3 the movie in theaters before
anybody else that is Bay before anybody
else
I paid High School Musical 3 the movie
um but yeah I definitely have seen them
all I was obsessed with high school
musical and yeah hello
that was like my time that was my little
high school that was like a job my
passions next question Danny schilder
said did you steal something from set I
totally did which I'm gonna get a
trouble for admitting that on here but
you guys know me I get I always say
things I shouldn't in these live streams
but yeah I definitely stole some stuff
what did I steal do I want to tell you
this information
look at this crop top I got I have never
worn it it's kind of ugly but it like
wraps around okay yes I definitely stole
stuff from set was stuff that I was not
going to stole it because I'll bring it
back like if we get a season 2 which I
really want
but you never know probably won't if we
give a season two I will obviously bring
the stuff I took from set back but I was
I was like well if we don't get a season
2 what's gonna happen all the stuff they
should have throw it all away cuz like
if that's the case then I want I want it
like I don't want it to be thrown away
so if we get a season 2 I'll take it all
back to set in like you know what it
works for speed but I was not about to
let all that stuff disappear from life
because I love it so much there's a lot
of good stuff on set um I wonder if I
can show you anything things that might
think what did I swim mmm yeah there's
something I can show you in my office
shoot this is bad news bears I feel like
I'm doing so badly at pac-man cuz I'm
just not paying attention to what I'm
doing I should not be on this burger all
right ok jean jacket is a must I love
this thing News Bears
ok Margene's don't please don't y'all
these jeans fit me so ugly I feel like I
shouldn't even bring them you know when
you like have jeans like you don't won't
get rid of them but for no reason
because you hate them and every time you
wear them you're like these are so ugly
but then you keep them still like why do
I do that everyone think it's my mom but
my non-existant but I'll shoot my cars
here dang it Mac's breaking
okay I'll answer your one more question
and I have to go to my cars here under
the airport rap why can't I get to my
Twitter Tony I'm addict
shorts or underwear I'm joking they're
shorts I just have a wedgie right now so
stop judging me I got a wedgie girl but
lean what was your most embarrassing
moment on set that's from Nick Hendron
oh there's a lot my most embarrassing
moment on set let me think
I'm really not trying to show you guys
my ass I'm just looking for clothes
there's so many I don't get embarrassed
very easily the only thing that I was
really embarrassed about but like I
never I know and I guess it wasn't
embarrassing because to be embarrassed
you have to look like people have to
know that you're embarrassed no one knew
that I was embarrassed about this I'm
making this very confusing basically um
I got a direction one time this is only
embarrassing that I'm admitting it
because no one knows about this so it
wasn't like necessarily embarrassing
it's just I didn't know what I was doing
so the director we did a take of
something and the director was like okay
we need to do that again clean can you
do it more and he'd always gave he was
really good director or director Andrew
Gaynor this incredible I'm obsessed with
him he's so good but he gave me a
direction and I didn't know what the
word meant he was like so he was like
okay suit again this time clean be a
little bit more um be a little bit more
the first time he gave me direction was
like act like you give a bigger
misdirect so that this joke lands harder
here's something like that I was like
okay cool
and I did it and then he was like okay
this time clean do it more and he said a
word I still don't know what it is but
he said a word that was like a big word
not know admit at all and I
it's like I have no idea what he means
and I didn't and there's like no
hundreds a hundred people on set every
day so everyone can hear me in there in
ears they can hear everything I say the
everyone's looking at me on the monitors
so if I was like I don't know what that
means everyone would have known that I'm
just a freaking idiot and he's like
clean this time do it more like this and
you think I really want it like this and
I Cameron what the word was but I had no
idea what it meant and I was like okay
yeah I can do that totally I'll do it
this take I'll do it and I just did it
different like I didn't know what he
meant he could have met happy you could
have been sad he could have meant he
could've been anything I've no idea with
word but and I just like did it again
but did it totally different than I did
at the time before and he's like that
was great exactly what I wanted like I
don't even know what I did but that was
probably one of the most things but no
one knew about it so that's good at
least but yeah that was pretty pretty
embarrassing the cars here Cory they're
knocking at the door could you grab it I
need to go because I need to finish
cracking oh maybe it's Rebecca okay I
gotta go guys I love you and I will see
you later actually go to Canada bye love
you have a great day and good bye
