because no boys would ever love me yeah
this is definitely not right this is not
what we do all day just be here no only
only at 10:35 at night 10:35 a night
this is what we're doing
hey y'all back here with Christophe so
it is 10:40 ish yeah Mota I don't know
what it is it's late and we aren't
walking home from work today was a very
long day at work but it was a good day
like there weren't too many frustrating
moments we edited a really fun episode
I'm so excited right now it might be my
favorite
no really might be I don't know I like
it a lot I really like six and seven
right now cuz as long as we're working
on them a lot of you guys are asking me
why it is taking us so long to get the
episodes out cuz we're technically done
editing this month but the show doesn't
come out to October 14th the reason is
because there's a lot that goes into a
TV show it has to then be color
corrected and the sound has to be fixed
and sound effects and special effects
and there's all this stuff and then on
top of that with our show it's coming
out in 190 different countries and so
they have to dub it in every language
basically so it takes a lot longer than
an average television show because it's
coming out in so many different
countries that they have to put all the
different languages that's why seeking
so long and to all of you are asking if
you can see it if you live in Australia
or if you live in Canada or if you live
anywhere else if you have Netflix you
can watch the show on October 14th the
day that it comes out you can watch it
if you have a Netflix so that's really
really exciting and that's why it's
taking so long because I want everyone
to be able to see it when it comes out
so anyway we're gonna walk home now
hey guys so as per usual I got home
11:30 and I want to play ukulele because
that's all I ever do um and I have my
little lights going we have these lights
going 24/7 you can really see them I
want to turn down the exposure so you
can see them a little better but I
remembered this girl that I used to
listen to all the time in high school I
was like obsessed there her name's Maria
Maina and none of you know who she is
she was never like super famous or
popular it's just like this girl's
somehow I happened upon her music and I
really liked it because it was emo and I
felt like it was all about me because no
boys would ever love me and all the
stuff so anyway um I just started
singing with songs that I like loved in
high school and I wanted to sing it for
you guys I just poured my heart out
there's Peter sit on the floor
I take what's left of it and rinse it
under cold water and call him up for
more and I say baby yes I feel stupid to
call you but I'm lonely and I don't
he grabs my wrists my fingers turn into
angry physics King I whisper why can't
you love me I'll change for you and I
say baby is I feel stupid to call you
but I'm me and I don't think you meant
to and you said you couldn't love me if
I kiss you he said I'm so sorry how
email is that song
I loved this music when I was in high
school listen to it in my car and just
cry and sing along but no one will ever
love me anyway
who knows if I'll even post this I love
you guys and I will see you tomorrow
Oh
