whatever you celebrate good morning
everybody yeah I've got a cape on and
I'm doing work from bed um I have 20
minutes before I need to go to therapy
uh here's my little just hanging
out with me this morning I'm about to
upload a video of me and Eliza Co she
totally a troll and my makeup is not
blended honey I look a mess but it's a
totally a troll video it is I did tweet
Liza
hoping that she would respond and be
like yeah let's do a collab and she
actually did tweet me back as Miranda
like I tweeted her and she did tweeting
back when I was like hey come into my
DMS baby and I did and she never
responded so I got stood up I got stood
up but as a Gogi yeah I have met her a
couple times that she's the sweetest
girl like in the world like she's super
super super sweet you're classy lady you
are a class act you a class act
alrighty so I need to blend in my makeup
cuz it looks a mess I also need to put
dinner in my armpits cuz they're G which
means I have enough do know hi guys hi
he's so cute you guys look what I got in
the mail it's my ute I think this is my
YouTube play button for my vlog channel
so I have a button a million subscriber
plaque for my Miranda Channel and for my
cyclist branagh channel but I never
applied to get one for this channel even
though I hit a million subscribers a
long time ago look at this clean vlogs
congratulations for surpassing 1 million
subscribers this is different than my
other ones this looks totally different
than my other two that I have what do
you think Daisy do you like it it's
smaller crazy I'm going to show you guys
the difference between this one another
- hold on oh my god guys look at the
difference this is insane
so I got my million packs for psycho and
Miranda a while ago this is what that's
my second aspera one and the Miranda one
looks exactly the same
and that's the new one so it's this one
it's printed on the glass like it says
Yoon Chan named congratulations for
purpose it's on the glass and the actual
gold play button is a much bigger and
way nicer it's like this huge thick
silver frame this one is like half the
size of the frame the gold play button
is maybe I don't know like a fourth
smaller and then the the name of the
channel is like on the paper like not on
the glass so it's crazy how different
they look I know Daisy um you guys want
to know what some excuse me I'm trying
to vlog so I have three gold play button
for passing the million subscribers on
three of my channels and you know how
I'm gonna spend my afternoon this is how
famous youtubers live their lives I am
gonna go clean up a bunch of poop
life of a famous this was my fault I'm
made a mistake I forgot to ask Nikola to
clean up the cat poop my bad I didn't
teach him how I have a really weird cat
litter box that does like automatic
pooper scooper ring and I forgot to tell
him how to use it how to clean it so of
course he didn't because why would he
when I didn't ask him to
so it's overflowing by the way if you
are triggered by poop cat poop
disgusting messes please fast-forward
through this part because you will vomit
it's disgusting
look at this this is an automatic litter
box so like scoops the poop for you you
supposed to clean every couple days and
I have been here so I haven't so now
it's like this well fun
oh hey Daisy you know my favorite part
about having a cat please tell me if you
can relate if you have a cat whatever
you're cleaning up their poop they come
watch like yes bitch clean up my poop
for me oh you want to go in a while I'm
cleaning the poop is that your plan how
about no there you go your highness now
go take a poop oh and look who's right
outside the door
just enjoying the fact that I'm cleaning
up his poop well looking look at you it
is Eric Stockland who's in the area and
I said want to grab lunch he's like sure
he said I need to go to Urban Outfitters
because there's one right by my place
he's like sure we get in the car and he
drives past Urban Outfitters Christmas
presents he grabs he drops
he drives past Urban Outfitters like an
extra 30 minutes away literally we drove
so far away from my house because he
wanted to go to tender greens which is
across the street from this Urban
Outfitters which is literally the
negative geared over you drove me to
another country the country of studios
trying to edit this one I was just
talking hi okay you just wanna sit down
/ she's so needy she's so different than
gus-gus is up there mine in his own damn
business and this one just / no life
away oh man so I had lunch with Eric and
it was really fun it was really nice
it's so weird going from like literally
seeing someone 24/7 I know I eat to like
oh let's do lunch
um anyway um that was nice therapy was
really nice today and now I'm just
working and I think you have poop on
your butt Daisy and I think I just
touched it a little moppet
I just watched I Tania and I just watch
Netanya I mean that my edited and worked
well I told you what's on I've never
been watching movies I just can't watch
him I just I have
been doing a million other things today
I was going through my closet trying to
find socks to wear because this is too
loud
well you're just gonna have to listen to
this ominous music as I talk to you but
I was channeling for socks wear because
my feet were cold I found these in my
closet which are the socks that's
Natalie just completely just turn off
the whole system because I don't know
what's challenger Isaac anyway this is
Natalie and she is my sweet little angel
I love her so much and anyway I sent her
a package like sometime earlier this
year of with a bunch of stuff and one of
the things in it was matching socks
because she said her feet were cold when
she was in the hospital and so I sent
her socks and whenever we are wearing
these socks we text each other pictures
that look I'm wearing our matching socks
so anyway I haven't I hadn't seen them
since she passed away and I saw them
today and I was like oh my gosh so I put
them on and now every time today I've
looked to my feet I've thought of
Natalie and I love her but anyway I'm
gonna do a little bit more editing and
then I'm gonna go to bed look how tired
I look so gross
sometimes I look at myself in the
viewfinder in this and I'm like I cannot
believe I allow thousands of people to
see me when I look like this because I
look gross but anyway I want to do some
wedding and I'm gonna go to bed and
sorry this vlog was really boring
nothing happened but I'll see you
tomorrow
get it sup guys oh my gosh I figured out
a way to have my camera going in my car
I've hooked my tripod up to my breathing
mere upside down so it's gonna be shaky
today I'm not gonna lie to y'all I don't
want to do anything today I have no
motivation
I it's just one of those days you know
some days you just like it's hard to
even like put on makeup or let's just
hit a man I'm not a very good driver
y'all anyway today's just one who sees I
just don't want to do anything I don't
want to work I don't I just want to lay
in bed and I know everyone's probably
seen all you just fur on vacation I was
but technically I wasn't I mean yeah I
was in Hawaii so I was beautiful and
amazing but I was working everyday I was
still posting 11 videos a week while I
was there so I was constantly editing
and filming and working so um yeah it
wasn't really a break from work and I'm
feeling really feeling really burnt out
right now I think what happened was
let's get real y'all we're about to have
a talk I think what happened was my show
got cancelled and I panicked
I took it really hard I was really
emotional about it um I still AM I saw
nightmares about it I had one last night
I barely slept like it's a really big
deal for me to have been working on
something for so long and then for it to
just be over just in a snap like it's
just over and I'm really grateful that I
got to do it at all but it's still like
jarring for me to have that part of my
life be over so I panicked when that
happened I freaked out and I think my
natural reaction to my battery died so
I'm gonna use my phone but I think we're
gonna put this forget about this what
happened was I just I freaked out I
panicked and what I do when I spaz and
go through something emotional or hard I
don't like feeling sad no one does but
my reaction to it is typically to work I
work harder and I use it as motivation
to work hard and succeed whenever
something doesn't go how I wanted to or
whenever something makes me sad I go
okay well I'm not gonna let it get me
down I'm going to work harder and prove
people wrong and be the best version of
myself that I could be so I overdid it
and this show got cancelled and I was
like well then I'm going to post more
videos and I'm gonna make them greater
and I'm gonna grow my channel and I'm
gonna do collabs and do something
creative and different with Miranda and
I'm gonna vlog every single day make my
vlogs interesting and different and
awesome
and I don't have an editor and I don't
have a team I don't have people helping
me so I'm not complaining because I did
it to myself so I can't complain I'm
just venting I guess but I'm filming and
editing eleven videos a week and I'm
still on tour I have a show in two days
a Christmas show where I haven't planned
and I have two more shows next week and
I have meetings and I have deadlines for
these other projects I'm working on like
I'm just I'm I'm dying like I'm drowning
in work and I did it to myself and I do
this to myself all the time whenever
something hard is going on in my life
I'm like well work harder and then I
drown myself in work and then I get
stressed because I'm I'm working too
much and I'm not allowing myself the
time to like heal from the problems that
are going on in my life so that's why
I'm going through today today I woke up
but I almost like I have too much to do
I don't want to do any of it and the
fact of the matter is kids the world
keeps going the world keeps turning even
when you don't want it to and life keeps
going on even when it's hard and there's
nothing you can do about that but that's
just how life is and so even though I
don't want to do anything today and I
just wanna lay in bed and pout can't do
that because I scheduled collabs today
and I need clouds for next week I don't
have any videos ready for next week
so last night I worked really hard
trying to get my videos done for this
week which I did this is one more to
film but it's already noon and I was
supposed to film two videos by now and I
didn't so I'm already behind schedule
which is great anyway I just wanted to
vent about that for a minute and just
say like I am stressed to the bone and
it's my own fault like I did it to
myself
and I think I'm what I'm thinking about
and I've made a decision on this yet or
not but I'm thinking about taking
January off from YouTube and just oh hey
what's going on not taking a month off
from work I need to work and I have a
lot to do but just to take a month or
even a couple weeks off of YouTube and
just focus on my other projects and just
focus on family and getting my life back
in order because I'm just kind of
right now anyway that's my story Laurie
and I'm gonna go get some get some props
and things for some clubs cuz later
today Maddie Ziegler is coming over and
James Charles so buddy got into some
dirt Gus look at me his face his chin is
so dirty you look homeless what have you
been into I'm tired I don't want to do
anything I just realized earlier today
when I went on my little rant I said
that I'm posting 11 videos a week I
think I've said that before in vlogs and
that is so wrong and clearly I'm so bad
at math which I proved today in my main
channel video if you haven't watched you
go watch it yet where I try to do your
homework why was I thinking 11 I don't
know maybe I watched too much stranger
things but um yeah that's 14 videos a
week I'm posting right now no wonder I'm
tired and burnt out yeah Maddie just
came over we filmed a video together
that was really fun she's so sweet I
love her and then James is supposed to
come over in a minute to do a quick
collab because I have to run to JoJo's
house because she's doing 12 collapse of
Christmas and we are filming five
tonight so there's a lot going on today
and I am exhausted look at my face I
kind of don't want you to really see it
because I want you to wait till you see
them around video so don't like but
James is here and we just did a fun
video we busted out so fast like you
cannot even handle how insane we did it
so fast but yeah thanks for coming over
and now he's leaving so we've been
wanting to like hang out for realsies
for a long time so we'll have to do that
just saying yeah we really want to sing
and we came up with like my most
favorite club idea ever if we can pull
this off okay now you might have to talk
to the holidays but if we can bust it
out it'll be amazing
I'm a jojo's house right now and we just
did something that was really messy and
I'm barefoot and my feet are messy so
Jojo is a sweetheart and gave me some
Jojo socks that look how extra and
awesome these are there's like sparkly
with bows on them and I'm so excited she
let me pick any both socks that I wanted
this one shows Hey
oh my god George is gonna clean this is
up this is a one-time occurrence it will
never happen again
JoJo's gonna clean yeah it's pretty
clean actually guys look at this room of
Jojo merch this is nuts Jojo this is so
crazy how cool is this this is not even
all of her merch this yes some of it
yeah you mean oh my god I'm totally you
take it I'm gonna go shopping in this
room presents for all of my family for
Christmas but she does have panties
which I would feel very disgusting
wearing no offense I have a question
have you worn your own panties what I
know I've never seen that H though I
mean wait you can't loose I'll put them
on over my pants okay yeah we're gonna
see if we can get them pick your poison
I want I'll be purple ones do the donuts
or the unicorn whatever you doing I'm
doing uniform is there something on the
button he's just playing no it just says
back off I am exhausted I didn't even
get everything done today I didn't edit
my vlog from yesterday but um it's
midnight I just got home from Jo Jo's my
cat is running on like a crazy person
with a Christmas bow in her mouth okay
um yeah I didn't get everything done
today that I needed to get done um like
I said today was one of those days I
didn't want to do anything but I did a
lot of things so I'm proud of myself for
hustling through and doing it anyway
even when I didn't want to but yeah it
was nice to see Maddie and James and
Jojo tomorrow I'm supposed to collab
with Jen expen which I've never collab
with her before so I'm really excited
and I have a meeting tomorrow and I need
to get ready for the Christmas shows cuz
the next morning bright and early I fly
up to Santa Cruz to do a show so there's
a lot to do tomorrow
I am really excited for Christmas where
I can just chill out
alright guys see you next time
you
