I would love a bag of potatoes for
George killer hey guys good morning I am
coffee and today I'm gonna go on a hike
and it's going to be wonderful let's go
okay guys we've finally made it up to
Squamish where we're hiking today we
wanted to do um the chief trail but I
didn't realize how long it would take to
do I didn't realize how long the hike
was so we're not going to be able to
finish it today cuz it's kind of late in
the day also it was warmer in Vancouver
that it is up in Squamish and I am
freezing
I'm hoping that once we start like
really moving and hiking I will warm up
because I'm really cold but it's
beautiful here look at the saddest sign
in the world if you get lost today will
anybody know oh my god saddest thing
I've ever heard we've been hiking for
like two seconds and we're already
hiking next to a waterfall this is so
cool I love Canada
oh my god I'm so out of shape y'all this
is hard and there are like kids passing
me like children I'm very out of shape
because this seems impossible to me and
we're like not even close to the top
we've just climbed up a million stairs I
wish I had known that this hike was
entirely just stairs for like 10 miles
because I don't know that I would have
been excited to come and do it because I
am dying it's so pretty this is insane
it's so pretty
this is definitely hardest hike ever
done in my life
and I haven't done very many hikes but
it was also um probably the hardest I've
ever worked out in my life but it's
really pretty
luck
you
okay so we got all the way hi my book
cart my camera won't focus these days we
that was the hardest thing I've ever
done
we hiked up stairs and rocks like almost
a straight incline is horrible for like
an hour an hour and a half maybe even
cuz I kept taking so many breaks and we
get to this beautiful rock which you
just saw and then climbed all the way
down which you just find out that that
was not the peak if that was just like a
resting spot so that you could continue
up to the top so we didn't even make the
top no ideally not make it to the top
but there are three peaks you can get to
here at chief trail there's the first
one which is the easiest the second one
a little harder and the third one which
is super hard but you get to like the
very top of this rock and it supposed to
be like the most incredible view in the
world um we didn't even make the top of
the first one so that is how out of
shape I am and how pitiful and
embarrassing I am so hiking is not my
thing exercise is not my thing
but it probably should be because I want
to be a healthy person and I want to
live a very long time so I should
probably all right that's precious
treacherous treacherous hike is over and
now we are at a little restaurant called
a parlor and we're going to get some
pizza because if you hike then you can
put us to do stuff because we're friends
and we got it let's do this together
what do you love about being around
Harvey is everything but I love every
time I'm with you I'm going to write up
how much I love you my favorite thing
about being around Rp is that he's
always like in character or something
and I never know who I'm going to get
but it always makes me laugh like the
most ever the mother is going to I pick
up your dress
we made our way to gas town
/ Chinatown because Cory and I want to
get some Asian trinkets sighing not town
we are here everybody knows it I am here
the alleyway harvey is gay
I am very game everyone is gay
something terrible to say we have a
daughter we've adopted Italy tonight we
have a son that means we'll alias lovely
lovely lovely chap wonderful streets as
an arrow
mm-hmm and like you go thank you darling
and of course we have a daughter would
you like to say that bird introduce our
daughter to know what everyone the
singer is autumn Priscilla is our
adopted who's she's not related by blood
not my blood
we did it for publicity reasons people
accusing me of not being able to have
another child with the woman I love
she's insane mmm-hmm are you quite sick
and on your heels bothering you darling
he must wear heels heels and a plum this
totally has my recommended it helped me
it's very imperative I don't think we
would mind if I dressed up a little
darling and it's only for Italy month
couple Monty is who's counting the point
is I love higher and my waist cinch
yes oh there she goes again missile idea
please darling can you move look fast me
what just not looking like that makes
you look hideous does she have to be so
we can give her back
well the government says we can't give
it back until she's at least eight years
old laughter okay man engines look like
your brother Cornelius Cornelius looking
so cool that is right you prance around
Cornelius this is her real man walks
yes just like darling rescuing masculine
the course it's high time Priscilla
listen okay stop talking soon yeah so
unbecoming you speak darling so becoming
I don't know like we like me more light
under do you like anyone really anyone
really I wish you like anyone I would
love a bag of potatoes for Georgia kill
darling I just don't understand why you
have to wear the heels or so long your
doctor said it'd help your posture to be
14 years what happens veggies work and
my question
like a chick hell
and you have to wear your clothes to bed
episode eyes else would you like
ever
because of the car
imitating life
my brother at the gym is stable
well it's me
you just grasp onto those pots
it's much smoother when it's
anyways she's having sense darling yes
sir the German singer stops this light
yeah
Cordia I'm hoping the doctor like you as
soon as I feel like it what's up guys
I am home it is 11 p.m. and yeah I had a
good day of relaxing fun day and now I
am going to eat some chocolate ice cream
with strawberries in it which is like
diesel ish I cut some fresh strawberries
and put it in the bowl with the
chocolate fudge ice cream liked this
video and I will be back tomorrow
tomorrow I'm going to be in the office
all day so it's gonna be a really
entertaining blog bring you guys hmm
that's really good oh yeah
Oh
