hey guys Saturday and I'm not going to
work today this is craziness
I'm gonna go do the sinkhole fly over
Canada and I'm really really excited
about so let's go home
all right so we are at the location but
Harvey's supposed to meet us here and he
is late he's late
he's late but they important date don't
you think how long combines like
slightly bland
it's late so clean we're supposed to be
here and the thing he was at 1:00 and it
is 1252 so he's not late at all goodbye
look guys Harvey made it I made it and
he wasn't late actually he was right on
time but now we're waiting for Andrew to
show up and he's late Oh God so anyway
what we are oh I saw comment the other
day when I told a story on my main
channel about a boy guy that I was like
really liked and had a crush on and my
best friend hooked up with him someone
commented well it's probably because you
burped too much and you got sick of it
be a lady I was like what I'm a queen so
this thing that we're doing is put fly
over Canada and if you've ever been to
Disneyland apparently it's a lot like
flying over California or Soarin over
California that write a call for an
immature and I've heard it's amazing I'm
so excited to do it I've heard like
incredible things I don't think I can
film in there which
sigh oh my god the ride was so much fun
it was super cool if you guys really
should do it except to get your weave
wet and I was not appreciative because I
have a very curly weave and I have to
straighten this out and then they're all
spraying water on it and uh prints up I
was not into that anyway now right so
let's shut up look I think yet and my
Sheena's alright finish the sushi and it
was delish but I think guys I don't want
to say it out loud it's making me sad
but I'm pretty sure I'm getting a cold
so I just went to the store I got a
bunch of vitamins and cold medicine and
I made everyone take women's vitamins so
they're probably gonna start browning
sprouting some boobies soon so one oh
here it comes
what do you mean here it cut everyone
partnered oh my god ok so I went to
Sephora and went a little crazy but I'm
so excited because look what I got I
love graveyard girl I watched all of her
videos I've never met her I don't know
her I just said most us with her and I
have been wanting her palette since it
came out but it's always freakin sold
out and so I went to Sephora here in
Vancouver and they had a bunch of them
and I'm so freaking excited and I'm
going to put all of my face and sleep
with it and I'm just so happy I love her
so I'm very proud even though I don't
know her okay so I went in the hot tub
by myself cuz I'm really
and now I'm getting crepes with my
friend
some crepes and I just want to keep
gaining weight guys like my journey so
look who's over here we still have
little mr. queef Andrew and cui's number
two going to leave one cleave to bleep
three a four SS hey guys Everett's close
at the ball yesterday and I am sorry but
I was just hanging out with my friends
bath hat RVs up here for shooting at the
movie and so I got to meet Andrew you
guys saw it was so sweet like he's the
sweetest guy ever and also another
person who's in the movie with Emma
Grimes Courtney Courtney eat eaten and
she is adorable and lovely and kind and
just like such a sweetie so it was
something was just so fun it was so nice
and I really needed that but I hope you
liked today's vlog I will see you
tomorrow which is today for me but will
be tomorrow for you or will be yesterday
for you I don't know I'm very confused
but I'll see you tomorrow
