oh my god I'm nominated for two Teen
Choice Awards what's up guys oh man has
the rainy day here on Vancouver
hey sunshine so right now I just left
the office and I have to go to record
the song I recorded last week because I
they sent it to me and I sound really
bad and I thought maybe they'd be able
to fix it with like tuning and stuff but
like not let sounds really Bob I need to
rerecord it which is really embarrassing
that's like go back into the recording
studio and see the recording engineer be
like yeah I know I sounded like crap and
after we do it some like nervous and
kind of embarrassed sexy date so I
finished recording I think it went
better than last time but we're taking a
little break because the producer is
like putting putting song together and
mixing it and then in 20 minutes we're
going to go back and listen to it and
maybe improve it and we'll see about we
are getting some sushi right now
and I'm gonna fight it cuz it looks
delicious what's up guys I'm home from
work and I'm all set up to shoot a video
cuz that's what I do at night as your
videos it's like time is up maybe like
10:30 or 11:00 or something and I'm
gonna shoot a couple fun little videos
I'm here Corey's here Dona Dona dun dun
yeah it's gonna be chill night just
making some videos really exciting stuff
oh look who's here it's my brother
Christopher Ballinger we are watching an
episode because we're starting a new
episode tomorrow so we have to watch it
and give notes and stuff it is 12:30 in
the morning and we have a lot to do
before we go into work in the morning
the episode that we're watching is good
it's a fun episode it's episode 7 we're
almost done episodes left to edit that's
so crazy we're not all so we have a
couple more weeks but it's kind of
almost done work man
we're over halfway done yeah so that's
what we're doing tonight not much has
happened today for me to vlog alright
we're going to go watch this episode I
love you guys and I will see like oh my
god I'm nominated for two Teen Choice
Awards change Choice Awards Teen Choice
Awards so go vote I know I'm nominated
for web star female and web star comedy
and I won web star comedy last year so
um let someone else win
your vote for someone else but vote for
me from web star female because I'd love
to win that I never got my surfboard by
the way I want a surfboard last year and
I never called it
I'm not kidding guys I have said since
the day that I won I'm going to take
that surfboard to the beach in character
as Miranda and surf in the ocean on that
surfboard and I have not received it so
what is that Wow
yeah maybe that's why I didn't get it
they were like we're not giving it to
her because she's going to ruin it in
the ocean anyway I love you guys I'll
talk to you hitter
ha
Oh
