it's late I need to stop eating poutine
at midnight hey guys I'm vlogging on my
phone right now
so sorry that it's super shaky and bad
quality and the only reason is because
my vlog camera is in my backpack and I
don't want to take my backpack off it's
a blog I had a doctor's appointment
smore nning or physical therapy
appointment this morning and it's always
weird they like hook you up to all these
machines and zippers appers and like
electrocute you so that was weird I
think it's helping but like I have no
idea like I don't know nothing that
feels like it's helping anymore so
whatever and then I went and did some
ADR work ADR is what you do when
something goes wrong when you're filming
like the sound gets messed up or if we
need an extra line that we didn't get so
you want a recording studio you have to
try to match up with your mouth on the
screen so that's like this morning as
well footage of that something right now
going into the editing room and I'll be
editing all day so fun stuff starting to
vlog yesterday there was not really
anything to vlog hi guys forgive me I'm
still on my phone and so the sound is
going to be terrible this video is going
to be terrible but we're back on the
walk back to our place in Vancouver I
missed this walk I haven't done this
walk in a while because I was home for
the weekend so it's been like 10 like a
half a week - I'm not so long but it's a
long you're traveling like
internationally it feels a lot long yeah
yeah it's been maybe like five days
since we did this walk but I missed this
walk it's so beautiful yeah we're going
to go home and do some more work and
edit and I'll probably play the ukulele
because it's what I do every night today
was a really good day at work we did an
episode and it was great at the end of
the day it felt good
it was hard last week was a really hard
week at work like last week every day I
left me one goal the show I don't know I
don't know we're gonna do she was
getting frustrating like editing is
getting frustrating but today we watched
an episode and I was like no that's good
this is good I'm proud of this show so
I'm very excited yeah I finally got my
camera I like busted ass tonight um so
it is almost midnight and I am going to
go get some poutine because I'm obsessed
with Harvey I was hanging out with my
friend Harvey all the freaking time but
we've both been so busy the last couple
years that we don't hang out anymore and
it just so happens that we're both
living in the same place we're both up
here shooting he's shooting a movie and
I did my TV show up here so we're gonna
hang out I'm so excited I love him to
death
all right so I'm here with Harvey now hi
yes you must remember Harvey there's a
lot of new people since the last time
you're on my channel yeah you know what
this Harvey and Harvey is like one of my
soul mates in life because we only see
each other like once a year but whenever
we do it's like we hang out of that day
yeah every day we've got where we left
off yeah I love Harvey so much and we
both have like the same work ethic and
we're both kind of like the same person
and we end up in the same cities all the
time and we're in a different country
right now we're in Canada but like
whenever we get together and talk about
something I feel like we've like we go
crazy and talk about like work stuff
when we I don't know I did just like
yeah I just like we pick up where you
left off I feel like it's a she's one of
my soul mates yeah we're doing just that
I'm not saying I love but you guys
should follow him on his social media on
Twitter and Instagram and snapped your
snapchat I do I'm not following you oh
so Jeff what is it it's hard again okay
everything is hard everything is Harvey
Guillen so go follow him so you can
watch her adventures over the next
couple weeks okay yeah anybody hey guys
what's up I'm in bed now and the
lighting is really scary I had so much
fun with Harvey it is now 1:30 in the
morning
I need to stop eating poutine at
midnight maybe that is how I gained um
seven pounds since I came up to Canada
mmm
anyway I had so much fun with him he's
such a dear friend I love him so much
tomorrow is gonna be another long day at
work I have to go back to the recording
studio because last time I went to the
recording studio I didn't really sound
very good Wow anyway I'm sorry this vlog
was pretty lame today I didn't vlog very
much I need to get back into the swing
of things I feel like my fourth of July
vlog was so huge and so much work and
then
the next day I was like I'm not vlogging
and then today I was like oh I need to
get back into this so I'll try harder
tomorrow but I love you guys and I'll
see you
Oh
