I am a classy lady
okay right now all the things as a zero
viewers so maybe I tweeted the wrong
link that would not be good let me see
what I did Yotam flash call me blog it
works how you see me okay I should be
working okay cool I'm just have zero
viewers down here what's up y'all so I
thought I would do a live stream because
it is 9:45 p.m. and I have not blogged
yet today and I've been really good
about vlogging every single day on this
channel for the last couple weeks ish
and I didn't vlog today and so I was
like well I can either start vlogging
now or I can just do a live stream and
I'm choosing to do a live stream the
reason I did not belong today is because
I got up at 4:30 5:00 I have a 5:00 in
the morning and went to the airport and
flew here and then right when we got
here we went got some lunch with us and
went to the office and I just got home
from work so you would have just seen me
like in an airport and then in the
office editing and that's it so I just
like that there's nothing I need a vlog
so that is why I am doing this live
streams and logging so I hope you don't
mind but I actually really like doing
live streams likes so much they're like
my favorite so it makes me feel like
we're actually hanging out and talking
I love vlogging too but um when I live
stream I don't know it just seems like
we're hanging out more because I'm
interacting with you guys and talking to
you so if you don't want to talk to me
you can tweet me I'll be checking my
phone for tweets and we need a hashtag
which you guys always I'm so bad at
hashtags this is like always our
struggle when we do a live stream
together is like what the hell is the
hashtag
how about this hashtag is dumb let's do
that this hashtag is dumb unless you
guys think that one's too dumb and then
you come up with something better
um so routine get off my dick
shady ass bleep oh my god you guys your
suggestion attacks are so scandalous
tonight um oh my god you guys know pop
that both st. killeen as a model
never in my days clean struggles Jim oh
my god
are you still I bet he's already turned
it off he probably just was watching for
a second and text me saying I'm watching
you and then turned it off right away
because this is obnoxious um oh my gosh
Jim you're so watching Jim Caruso I'm
like smiling so big because I love him
so much Jim Chris is a dear dear friend
of mine and he is the first person who
ever booked he just said I'm just
kidding anyway he stupid he it was the
first person ever booked Miranda in a
show he's the first person who believed
in me the first person who trusted me as
a performer as a comedian um that he's
like the first person in the industry
who ever believed in me and he was trust
me enough to do my own show and I got to
develop a one-woman show at Birdland
jazz club which is very um he hosts open
mic night and does like this Broadway
Oberlin series anyway he's amazing and I
would not be where I am today at all if
it weren't for him and I love him so
much I never seen anyone so anyway I
don't know if he's actually watching or
not but I love you Jim if you are
watching and if you're not watching I
still love you out cell um so anyway I
will watch your I'm gonna go on to
Twitter and see what you guys are saying
you guys can hashtag whatever you want I
don't care
Aiden hood said do you like Canada
better than America please answer I like
both I like America because it's where
I'm
and it's where my family and my friends
are and there's certain things I love
about America but I do love Canada like
I love it up here I've been living here
for three months and um I feel like
someone's Kayla said I feel like that
backpack is behind every livestream it
probably is it's my backpack um anyway I
love Canada and I love America
so I don't know I like them both I don't
have a favorite I like them both for
different racism riveting information I
know um I'm trying to refresh my Twitter
but it's not working
would you ever come to Scotland again
that's from Natalie um I really want to
go back to Scotland Scotland's like my
favorite place in fact the whole reason
I'm going to Europe this year I'm going
on tour to Europe in August we're going
all over England we're going to Dublin
going all over Germany we're going to
Copenhagen the only reason we're going
over there is because I asked my agent
to book me in um in Scotland and I was
like I need to go back to Scotland it's
my favorite place I really want to go
and so he's like okay cool my bookie in
Scotland and he tried to book me in
Scotland and while he was looking me in
Scotland he started booking me and like
all these other places I just mentioned
and then the Scotland thing fell through
and so now I'm not going to Scotland but
I'm going to all these other places
which I'm not mad about it's gonna be
fun but it's like I trust me I'm
desperately one of the works Scotland
okay um like here trying to refresh my
mentions let's see where was the loudest
crowd that's from Whitney the loudest
crowd oh my gosh I don't know you guys
are always pretty loud everywhere I go
the Kennedy Center was loud and I did
that a couple months ago
London's always really loud Manchester
was crazy loud like really rowdy and
like crazy um I'm trying to the loudest
it might have been Toronto I don't know
I think I'm just naming every city
you guys are all loud I don't know but I
love when you're loud so if you ever
come to my show please scream a lot
because I love it makes me feel really
comfortable on stage when the audience
is quiet
I get really uncomfortable nervous
there's the audience is screaming and
laughing and having a good time it makes
me really calm and comfortable and I
have way more fun on stage so if you get
to come to my shows please do that
um okay Kate wants to know what is your
current beauty product obsession so many
things I don't know I really am into
like this is gonna be something really
old but I'm really into like face like
face moisturizers and like night creams
and stuff you put on your face like
before you go to bed it just makes me
feel like to feel good when I wake up
and when I go to bed to put on like all
this stuff on my face make me like oh no
I just like that but I actually have my
makeup here I like I'm really into this
Tarte lipstick and I did not just pick
those up and just and say I've been
wearing this like every day I'm wearing
it right now kind of caramely till it's
called SAS and it's a lipstick that's
like kind of um two-three lipstick and
it has a lip gloss on either side I
really like this um I don't know my
favorite product beauty products I don't
know
I like everything um let's see what else
we yeah
Singapore come to Singapore this from
Joe I wish that'd be amazing favorite
nail polish color that's from Sophia the
one I have underneath this so this is
obviously from the fourth of July but
underneath this at a really pretty like
bright baby blue and right now I really
like that Miranda sings fan club said
why didn't you upload yesterday on the
Miranda channel because Monday and
Thursdays are the miranda days and
Tuesday Friday are clean days and I did
not upload them around a video yesterday
and there are two reasons why one um
because I thought it was Sunday
I truly believe that it was today I'm
not Monday Corey's here
so I and then I realized it was Monday
like halfway through the day I was like
oh my gosh it's Monday and I didn't
upload a video and I could have write
them in there filmed something and
edited it and posted it but I was with
my family and it was like the first day
I've had off in months and so I was like
you know what actually I don't want to
work today I just want to be with my
family so I didn't film rent yesterday
not all day all right
what is the hash tag the hash tag is
this hash tag is dumb let's see oops
dangerous see Emmy said when you have
kids do you think they'll look more like
you are Josh I don't know because the
Ballinger gene is really strong usually
people say that like kids look like
their dad more and Evan's gene is pretty
strong but the Ballinger gene like if
you seem like my brother's kids bailey
jacob and parker like they look like
christopher and they look like Jessica
too but like the Ballinger gene is so
strong and all the balancers like on my
side of the family like you really look
alike like my cousins and I all look
like sisters and it's yeah it's yeah so
that's what happened for ever so
Christians turned to finally having
answered yet before Bethany Turnbull
said I love you I was wondering how you
and Josh stay connected while you're
apart from each other we text and we
call analyse guide would you lots of
different stuff oh no Jim said that my
live stream froze on me like picking my
eye
it's embarrassing anyway
we stay in contact a lot of noise but we
don't talk that much because we're both
so busy so we actually don't talk too
much but we do talk every single day
like we text and we call and all that
fun stuff but long distance is hard you
know I don't know apparently we're
divorced according to you guys so I
guess I don't need to talk to them
anymore this is my husband now the
rumors are true
Cory and I love to have the sex Jim
Jamar all I don't know their name sorry
handsome Jam what's your favorite
dessert I love chocolate chip cookies a
lot I also really love chocolate
cupcakes and an ice cream cone with
extra chocolate frosting it's probably
my favorite dessert but I like kind of
all desserts as long as there's
chocolate in it I will eat it I'm
treated question of answer guys sorry
there's not really any questions it's
just like come to Portland come to
Portugal biggest regret in life jealous
jealous
my biggest regret in life oh girl I
don't know I'm not big on regrets
because I feel like everything you do in
your life leads you to like where you
are so you shouldn't regret anything
because every decision you make makes
you who you are but regret I don't know
that's really hard one um I have no idea
like I don't know I don't think I have
like any true regrets but like if you go
to a restaurant or like the wrong thing
yeah that's true I do yeah wait that
happened me the other day oh this
morning I got a cookie and I ordered a
peanut butter oh yeah yes I really
wanted the chocolate chip one that I
already had ordered the peanut butter
one and I was like oh my god this sucks
um yeah I think sometimes I regret
putting so much of my life online but
then I always don't regret it again like
some sometimes when it gets hard and you
guys get really mean I'm like man why do
I share my life with them if they don't
appreciate it and they're gonna be mean
like but then I realize like well I made
that decision like I knew that was part
of this game like part of being on the
Internet is knowing that people are
gonna be mean to you and so you can't
really regret it because it comes with
the territory
if you I don't know if you could name a
crayon color what would you name it a
squirrel or a crayon color I think mine
would be like lavender dream so um so I
love them I love the word lavender I
think it's pretty and I like the color
what did you just eat her and ha so what
would you name a crayon be yeah they
said ask for e oh it would be a dark
orange it would be midnight pump
love that tell a childhood story those
from kalyan childhood sorry oh I've got
one I think I've told this actually
before cuz I was thinking about it
yesterday um I was in the front yard of
my house on 4th July that I grew up at
and I was like looking out into the
street and at mine and I was just like I
had a flashback of when I was a little
girl I was turning I was 11 fostering 12
and my mom always made me these crazy
cakes every single year for my birthday
like she would decorate the craziest
most beautiful cakes and I got to have a
birthday party whatever seemed that I
wanted and for my 12th birthday I wanted
to have it at a pizza parlor and I
wanted it to like Sun be sunflower theme
because I love sunflowers so one of the
sunflower cake sunflower napkins
sunflower everything and so she was
trying to make me this really elaborate
sunflower cake it was like in this crazy
sunflower mould and she was gonna like
dent it was like really pretty but it
was really hard we're gonna make so I
will never forget it she's in the
kitchen and she tried to bake this cake
and she took out of the oven and she
tried to get out of the pan and it
wouldn't come out of the pan assorted
crumbling apart and like she couldn't
get it out of the this weird sunflower
shape and she was getting so mad like
huffing and puffing like so angry and I
was like getting scared I was like oh no
my mom's mad and so then she tried to
make it again and she's like tense in
the house I was like mom was making a
cake and she's not happy about it
started making another one and then out
came out of the oven and she's tried to
get it out of the thing and it started
to rip apart to like it didn't work and
she was so angry and I was good what you
gonna do it she was like kicks front
yard right now I was so scared and
everyone was like his mom was so pissed
and we went onto the front yard and she
was holding this cake that's like stuck
inside of the pan and she's like alright
sometimes things don't go the way you
plan
and you have to do this and she grabbed
a big fistful of it and threw it in the
street she's like doing it so we're all
taking it laughing and like it was like
I will never forget it because it was
like such a good lesson to learn I don't
think she was trying to show us teach us
anything or teach us a lesson but I
remembered that my whole life is like
sometimes things don't go the way that
you want them to but you can still like
have fun and make a memory out of
something that's like horrible so that
was like I remember how angry my mom was
that night she was so mad that this cake
kept ripping and falling apart and I
loved actually turned it into this like
fun thing with her kids and now it's
like a memory I have forever is like
digging my hand house what kid doesn't
want to stick their hand in a cake and
like crumble it up and throw it around
like it was so much fun and she ended up
after that making the cake right and
then it was beautiful and she did a
great job on it but yeah I'll never
forget that like I think about it a lot
and I was thinking about it yesterday
because I was sitting in the front yard
and I was like oh my god when I was 11
years old I was throwing cake out here
in the middle of a night my mom anyway
oh my god I now pronounce you senior
Christian love bored smiles as he
pronounces sophomores colleen ballinger
and Nick Morris husband and okay I'm
gonna reply just you guys can see this
picture what is this okay so you guys
can see I just responded to it so now
you guys gonna look at it I didn't play
my sophomore year of high school and
that must be what this is from but I've
never seen that picture before read you
fine max
that's so weird
stop saying honey those from Meg lip
dude get out of here okay honey if album
was quarry eating a cookie so how the
quarry model for us Walker Bob you have
to watch my blog Caleb
Tyler featuring Taylor said do I get to
meet you and Miranda during the meeting
and grease at my meet and greets at my
show I usually come out as me and I do
like Q&A kind of like this and we just
kind of hang out and talk to each other
for a while and then I change into
Miranda and then you take a picture with
Miranda so that's usually how it goes
what does your sweatshirt say it says
Santa Barbara California this is city
that I am from and today we flew out of
Santa Barbara to come back to Canada and
I was freezing and I wanted a sweatshirt
and so I bought it and it's cute oh ma
um Robert Scott Dean said what would you
be doing this year if you didn't have a
show coming out also follow me okay um
if I didn't have a show coming out on
Netflix October 14th I would probably be
on tour like I am every year like I
still I'm going on later this year but
I'd be on I'd probably doing a lot more
shows right now and turn around be
making a lot more videos I'd be doing
this a lot of the same maybe developing
something else for listening a TV show
maybe I'd be writing a movie or maybe
I'd be writing another book or I'd be
working on something I can't cuz I can't
really just sit around and like just do
one thing I like doing lots of different
projects
what's your favorite thing from lush
that's from Kyle I like anything that
smells like a lavender like lavender is
like my favorite bath smell right now or
like soap smell I really like it smells
lavender look what kind any good I love
my mom
I just want to rub it all over what
flames did you read my once read about
my skin turning gray right so my skin
was turning gray what do you mean your
skin gray skin was to me
Grey's happening so I googled it and
it's like your body is sleek enough from
blood and you're dying and blah blah
blah
I was like I don't feel like paid like I
feel fine I don't know what's happening
like why I'm done I and then like it was
because of the lush so like a black soap
that I was using it is Vicki my skin
gray and I had a facial scrub thing and
it would stayed in my skin gray
oh my kind of right I stopped using it I
was so scared
um Becca wants know when the documentary
is coming out I don't know you guys
always ask me that and I don't have an
answer like it's pretty much done um
we're trying to figure out where we're
gonna put it because you can't really
upload a two hour long documentary to
YouTube so we're trying to figure out
what to do with it like maybe we can put
on Netflix or iTunes or I don't know
we're trying to figure out how to get it
somewhere so you guys can watch it so
it's like pretty much done straight to
DVD at Target
Yeah right
um what's your dream pad own a fluffy
kitty cat koi wants a lab probably on a
dog a big dog not necessarily just a big
dog John Michael said poutine pop
that booty pop that was the pop songs
Payton said how often do you stalk us
without liking any tweets Shady honey I
am constantly looking at your tweets and
I'm constantly stalking you all of you
so watch what you say because I see it
all okay
Erin said Cory do a monologue about your
neighbors who are up late partying oh my
god Jessica you can't believe what
happened again for the third time this
week
my neighbors of course my neighbors
right next door to me and smokey you
know that grass like substance you put
on your lips um Papa and mr. go crazy
well I called the cops immediately when
I heard Jessica I was completely
disturbed I knew something was up
Bobby's dad next door works for the cops
and he smokes meat - I guess what that's
it did they say what they say it doesn't
fall far from the tree
oh my god good ah okay Lydia succour
eBay what Netflix show are you binging
right now oh I just spin this orange is
the new black
how was that it's really sad you guys it
is I want to see it yeah it made me
really depressed for like a day
oh really yeah it's super sad it's a sad
season maybe I'll watch it and you asked
what I'm binging
- right now I don't have time to binge
watch anything but when I have free time
I watch The Bachelor and I watch Big
Brother but I'm not caught up because
I'm who's coming on tour with you right
now that's our this year that's from
Casey Corey is coming in on tour with me
and my mom is coming on to Rouen and I'm
in Europe my friend Lee is coming on
tour with me who is my tour manager and
my other like my road manager tour
manager slash assistant slash life
partner friend Suzanne this is what we
call her she's hilarious and she is
coming on tour with me - she takes
really good care of everyone on tour so
that's our crew Cory mama Suzanne and
Lee are going to Europe with me but in
New Mexico which I'm going in a couple
weeks
Colorado in Salt Lake City are all in
couple weeks that would be Cory and me
and I might take someone else like maybe
my mom or Rachel or yeah there was
whispers of Rachel coming to Germany
Germany but also I really want to take
some of the haters back off cast so if
you guys want the haters back off cast
to come to any shows just tweak them and
tweet me and be like hey Colleen bring
Angela to Germany hey Colleen bring Eric
to London or bring seats you whoever
bring you know say who you want me to
bring where and we can get them to come
sneaky-sneak
yo guys come to Australia we'll get Cory
a hot boyfriend that's from Bonnie oh my
god you guys have the most attractive
guys there there's some hot Australian
men um do you have any embarrassing
stories from your teen days I'm sure
like every story from my teenage years
is embarrassing I can't think of
anything in particular but everything so
I think I went trick-or-treating until
my senior year of high school and that's
I only went trick-or-treating when I was
13 until I was 18 because I wasn't
allowed to celebrate Halloween until I
turned 12 and so my first year
trick-or-treating in my whole life my
first year dressing out my whole life
for Halloween I was 12 years old I never
did it before that wait I think I did
when I was like one like my mom trips me
up another one um but my first time
trick-or-treating I was 12 years old and
I remember I'll never forget I was so
sad because I was so excited was my
first time trick-or-treating I had
dreamt of it every single year every
year I never have candy all my friends
did and I finally go and the first door
I knocked on it they open it and I was
dressed like like I was wearing like a
poodle skirt like that was my costume
because my mom wouldn't buy me costumes
I had to wear like my birthday costume I
had a fifties birthday that year and um
I rang the doorbell they open the door
and they're all aren't you a little old
to be trick-or-treating but then
everyone else will you and Cory ever
make any more salmon labia videos people
would asking for them a lot lately so
maybe Charlotte wants to know favorite
Christmas tradition I have so many um
every year we do a Christmas cookie
party where mom and my cousin Stephanie
and me fake tons of cookies and desserts
and all of our family come over at
Christmas night and we all like eat
desserts and play games and that's
always really fun and my dad has lifted
me up and put let me put the angel on
the top of the Christmas tree every year
since I was like two and now I'm with
grown woman and he still does it every
year um what else
oh we eat Carl's jr. for lunch every
Christmas that's a fun tradition we have
lots I don't know what's your favorite
Christmas tradition yeah you have any
Christmas traditions associated come to
my cookie party that's efficient I cuz I
give my friends a divorce so you would
go back to your dad's house and your
mom's and your dad's house your mom's
house and then my mom got remarried so
it's like like his family and I my dad
got remarried too much of her family so
somebody had like a set like they every
year
do you like tradition oh gosh um
I love traditions I like what put jolly
what we did like because we whenever we
go to clothes for that we have to like
go auction on the beach and then we have
to go through the bridge and that's me
at a par yeah um - Cory what was it like
to drink a chunky milk
it was gross of course nobody wants a
chunky Charlie do you like Italian food
or southern food it just depends
whatever like is cooked better at that
moment you'd say Italian for sure but
for me it's like whatever is the better
dish cuz like I think on like the spot
you asked me right now I'd probably say
Italian but if it's like some crappy
spaghetti that's someone made that's not
very good compared to like really bomb
like southern food like authentic pulled
pork and I also I probably take the like
what everyone is prepared better is then
I would pick some family gonna answer it
come on I got stuff to do y'all
did you hear about the bear that the
polar bear that died it's really son it
is ooh mm-hmm he died yeah well yeah he
was old but also he was like really
depressed he's known as like the most
depressed there in the world or
something depressed Argentina polar bear
Arturo
dies at 30 he was really really
depressed he's called the world saddest
animal and today he died so I saw this
picture and was like oh no he died
that's him alive like there's pictures
of him that's just how he is because he
was so depressed cuz he's a polar bear
and they put him in Mexico in his tank
that was like this and it was like over
100 degrees here every day and he was
like super depressed and sad and like
there are all these petitions to try to
get him out of there and they he stayed
there for his whole life and then he
finally died which is good cuz now he's
not like tortured anymore it's so sad
but anyway when I heard about I saw this
picture and I was like oh my god why
would they show a picture of a dead
polar bear it's just him like cuz he's
so depressed isn't that the saddest
thing I almost cried when I saw that
anyway why Oh April said why was
everyone mad at Cory on the 4th
oh my god don't even get me started on
that he's wearing a shirt that had an
American flag on it but instead of red
and white stripes there were rainbow
stripes and everyone is mad being like
oh I don't care if you're gay but this
day is not for you this day is about
America which is the stupidest thing
he's being patriotic wearing a flag and
I promise you if I was wearing a shirt
that had an American flag on it but it
was like dark purple and light purple
stripes because those are my favorite
colors no one would care like no one
would be like you defaced the flag I was
literally wearing it on my boobs
Rebecca was wearing a flag and a heart
shape which is not the right shape of a
flag no one's mad if you like do
anything else but just because it was
like rainbow and gay everyone
mad at him which is the stupidest thing
I've ever heard in my life like people
like last two years ago ahead of an
American flag bikini and there was
literally a flag on my vagina and like
no one was mad at me for putting a flag
on my vagina which should be very
offensive but because he had a rainbow
flag it was so stupid so dumb what's
your favorite ice cream flavor I like
chocolate and I like all righty well I
love you guys good for you
anyway thanks for hanging out guys and
forgive me for not putting up a blog
today it was just a boring day nothing
he would have wanted to see and but I'll
be vlogging again tomorrow and make sure
to watch my boys of July vlog from
yesterday I had so much fun yesterday on
4th of July
I love you guys and I will see you later
if you want to get tickets on my shows
please do it
Miranda sings calm I'm coming in New
Mexico Denver Colorado Salt Lake City
talk and work all over England Ireland
and Germany Copenhagen to get tickets I
love you guys and I will see you
tomorrow stop Ron cast
