I'm Ronnie it's Cory done bleep
happy birthday except when this comes up
it'll be the 5th of July
I've been Santa Barbara here is my
cousin Andrew and my cousin Stephanie
and my mother Gwen sounds weird I'm so
excited this is like one of my favorite
holidays of all year I'm super happy and
know all you Shady Queens on Twitter I'm
not wearing blue eyeshadow today they
all make fun of me because a lot of
years I wear blue eyeshadow because I'm
being festive so don't even hate on me
rude but no today I'm wearing a neutral
eye and a red lip so get over it look at
my footage outfit we go all out at my
house reporter July so I'm wearing a
little crop top flag some high-waisted
shorts the cutest little butterfly
fourth of July and a nice little
headband I love your model poses kori
let me see your outfit clean model
yeah that is my car oh my god Oh Moses
with you
Wow whatever Mormons and this is Andrews
worth of July outfit a red shirt in the
car I'm gonna put a later yeah you
better what is this horrible for the
July outfit yes that laugh is my cousin
Andrew he is the best love of all time
literally the best love ever oh my god
I'm so happy to be here in like three
months and I'm so happy to be here
because I usually come all the time but
we have big family barbecues and dinners
and I haven't had them in a really long
time and these are my girls I'm we spend
all day in the kitchen cooking and it's
so much fun and I'm just so happy to be
home alrighty thinks that progressed we
went to the grocery store got a bunch of
stuff and now there's more people here
teenies here and Rachel's here yeah cute
kids are here and mr. eBay is here is
very big and Trent is here we are doing
a puzzle because we are so cool ok so I
wearing white shorts right now and I
just brought it up like okay guys I
really have to fart but I can't so I'm
wearing white shorts and Rachel goes
coin you know that's called pooping baby
love sword but sometimes if you fart a
lot like you never know sometimes your
shirt and that means you're pooping
sports are just heir of anything more
comes out you're pooping yeah I'm not
poop I'm not thinking about a turd I'm
talking about like a color yeah Rebecca
knows I love
which works you know they're having a
nice relaxing time and Bailey's here now
Bailey I like your face tattoo oh I used
to get that every single year the Elks
Lodge I'd always get a firework really
you get the same thing I always get a
firework and American flag that's what I
always get grumpy jinx jinx oh wow
here's the update in the kitchen er I'm
here come along don't wreck it along and
Stephanie made these cute little
cupcakes okay their cupcakes in a cone
which is like a Ballinger staple we
always do cupcakes in a cone here the
hamburger fixings
we got tomatoes and onions and lettuce
and pickles these are gluten-free
brownies for Bailey here more cupcakes
in a cone these are for me because this
is like my favorite dessert in the
universe over here I think this is corn
on the cob I am roasting veggies right
now Oh see I just watched my mom in the
Behaim we have a fruit salad over here
and we got hot dogs and hamburgers
grilling outside breaking chicken stock
so that's what birthday right now like
potato salad not regular salad
okay I'm lucid which one gallon this
children songbook
another one ready all right so we
finished our dinner and it was fun
usually on these holiday fun days that
we do at the Ballinger house we play
tons of games and do lots of crazy stuff
but today we just took it easy and just
kind of hung out and talked to ate and
it was really nice so now we are parking
pretty far from the beach and we're
gonna walk all the way to the beach and
lay out blankets and watch the fireworks
I do this every year and if you guys
been watching me for years and you watch
my fourth of July vlogs every year
you'll know how much fun this is and how
much I love it and every year they hire
this rapper named the rhyme a Tuesday
and he is so bad and I love him so much
last year I was in Hawaii I didn't get
to see if he was here the year before he
was not here but I'm hoping he's here
this year we'll find out
now
you
oh my god that firework show was so much
fun I love it here guys if you ever get
the chance to come to Santa Barbara
fourth of July I strongly recommend it
it's so much fun what you think so much
fun it is better than fusilli it's so
good oh that was super climate update
what you think dude
oh it's awesome as is it always is
English right yeah I'm a little mad I
didn't hear firework from Katy Perry
also oh that's true where's the Rhino
ginger party is everything all right
what's happening here Jacobs asking me
if I want my hair pole is the liability
what and I said I'm not into that girl
Cory and Rebecca just went over to this
dance party and started dancing and
their awkward little Queen
no one knows them they don't know that
no one knows each other they're just
being idiots oh my god fine god
all right so every year we walk
underneath this bridge and it's always
packed we lost a few people just Josh
gets a little anxious no the dom bees
took them but we still have written that
Rebecca and Matt and Cory and Adam and
Erin and my dad and here we are
okay guys I need to go to bed it is 1:00
in the morning and we are going to the
airport in four hours to fly back to
Canada and then we're going to be
editing all day until probably like 11
p.m. or midnight so I am crazy that I'm
not already asleep
um but I had so much fun today I love my
family so much and this is just what I
needed
I've been getting really overworked and
really overwhelmed with everything just
up in Canada with editing and
post-production and I love it but it's
been like a lot and so it was so nice to
come home and just be the family all day
and just laugh and smile and just not
work yeah I'm really happy and thanks
for watching and I'll see you
you
Oh
