oh my girl I'm around flames howdy y'all
miles take exit 20 to pee enjoy the
street or dine street what's up today is
busy day I'm going to film Patrick Starr
right now who I love his channel so much
I love beauty gurus channels Patrick I
are going to do a channel for iteration
idea for my channel and I'm very excited
and I have a couple photo shoot today
and then we're driving to Santa Barbara
and I'm so excited because I love
watching the fireworks on the beach on
the fourth of July it's like my favorite
thing in the world my favorite holiday
is Christmas
my second favorite holiday is definitely
the fourth of July I love the fourth of
July
hey guys I look like a tow but Patrick
Starr is gonna untell me so I lay down
you look permit you look like a
perfectly manicured but far pedicured
wait is that a word pedicured yeah it is
right I don't know I don't know but
anyway we are uh new friends and we're
going to be new best friends very soon
very excited for you to make me look
like a human album glamour let's do it
okay my hair is short again and I just
took pictures Kelly Lee took my pictures
and she's so sweet and so nice I can't
wait to see them we took a bunch of
different shots of different outfits in
the background so I just really needed
new pictures because all my photos are
from like three years ago and I just
really need to update everything and now
we're going to another photo shoot which
is a friend of course name is Devan and
he's being very nice because we are very
late we're doing like Barbies like he's
Kane and I'm Barbie I'm more like her
sidekick of a gun skipper get
Oh Barbie I love like a skipper oh my
girl what a long day but I am back to
normal Colleen I had to take off all the
makeup because I had to be Miranda at
the end but Cory and I have not eaten
yet today and it is 9 p.m. we were so
busy and I over scheduled the day and I
didn't plan a time to eat so we are at
in and out because it is Bay and I love
it and then we're headed to Santa
Barbara and I feel like this entire
block has been in this car me explaining
what I'm about to do I'm not showing you
what I'm doing just like talking about
what I'm doing so I apologize for that
but if felt it would have been weird to
like show like film the photo shoot I
think we just did it to get
there we did it was fine get me home my
girl I'm around swings I am home and
it's super overexposed
I'm in my childhood bedroom right now I
grew up in this room and it doesn't look
anything like it did when I was little
we used to have bunk beds and I slept on
the top bunk over on this wall and we
just slipped on the bottom bunk and this
wall was full of like cat pictures and
on this other and we had a piano for
awhile like a little corner desk here's
the closet that's full of like my dad's
clothes apparently now these blankets
we've had in our house since I was born
like I used to sit that little mermaid
comforter was like my first comforter
for my first bed thing and then there's
like a Miranda wall here cuz I used to
come here way more often than I do now
and so I feel Miranda videos in front of
all whenever I'm home this is my Quaeda
doll um they're buying when my mom's
best friends who is like my aunt I call
her aunt Kelly she made this for me when
I was a little girl and I named her
qaida
when Christopher got in high school he
started making like videos for school
and he would use her as like a dummy so
he'd be like I'm jumping off a cliff and
then they throw Quaeda
off of a cliff and it always made me
really upset in these drawers and my mom
keeps everything that I do she's very
proud mother so this is from when I
perform at the Kennedy Center this is a
note I wrote for my mom those all old
stuff yeah dear mom thank you for
everything you've ever given me I love
you so much I hope you never ever leave
me
if you ever do I won't know what the
heck to do thank you for loving me I
hope you get to go on alone time
sometime soon I miss doing that maybe we
can go to lunch this weekend I was
wondering if we could go to the library
sometime soon I really need a new book
to read oh well then I do be excited me
and my mom here I used to want to be an
author when I was in kindergarten first
grade it was my dream to be an author
like I really wanted to be an author and
I wrote these terrible books um I just
stapled paper together and just write a
story they're always horrible but it is
so cool to me that I have a drawer full
of these that I drew and wrote when I
was a little girl and on top of this
dresser is a whole pile of self health
books that I wrote which is a New York
Times best seller I just think this is a
cool thing there's so much stuff in here
kindergarten whose kindergarten book is
this it's mine Kellogg school
kindergarten memories miss wind
personalities of the week Colleen
ballinger at school : likes drawing her
work folders or playing hopscotch when
she's at home she enjoys playing with
her baby sister Rachel clean has two
older brothers Christopher and Trent
outside she likes to go on her backyard
monkey bars and jump down favorite foods
our corn on the cob and chicken family
pets include buddy
a black Tramp dog and two birds one
called blue and I don't know the name of
Trance bird when she is older clean ones
to teach exercise classes oh okay
what don't get my little hand look I was
obsessed with ghosts when I was a little
girl too kollene ghost that's me on
Santa's lap and apparently I'm itching
my Vahine or something look at this such
a weirdo I like the snakes because they
curl up and then just the most depressed
fetus but like I love that in my
kindergarten book I'm like I like ghosts
and I like snakes oh my god like all
these pictures look at my little
pigtails guys panshin oh my god I loved
this that's I'm going to show you right
now but if you want to see more click
the like button and let me know because
I'm gonna be here all day tomorrow too
and I can show you guys more stuff so
leave a comment and let me know
this is a super boring or again I love
looking at old stuff for my childhood
and from anyone's childhood like when
you guys tweet me pictures of you guys
from your childhood it like makes my day
anyway I love you guys and I'll see you
tomorrow
look
Oh
