got me flowers good morning y'all
I've got my hair like Miranda all I need
to do is my lips
we got a criss cross in the bath and a
corn Queen in the front and we are
almost to our old studio that was shot
the show at and so it's gonna be so
weird going to the set and no cast as
their trailers aren't there
we set some up there he's gonna like
moving right on to Boundary Road shut up
might be killed very weird I'm very like
uncomfortable right now right now we're
in one of the sound stages and we're
gonna shoot on the other side of these
two walls but I can't show you the other
that other the other side that's
giveaway what we're doing today
basically we are doing a couple little
pickup shots that we missed when we are
shooting the show and it only requires
me to be here so none of the other cast
is here but I'm going to turn it around
a little bit and shoot a little scene
over here it's really weird being back
here like a new it feels weird to me
it's not weird to you not really at this
stage changed so much like we're not at
that stage like that would be that would
be weird
this one this one was kind of our swing
stage so we had all sorts of different
senses yeah like every like every other
day this stage had like some other
location in it like they constantly were
rebuilding a new store a new location in
this area so it's very weird to be back
here Colleen said she couldn't show you
this but I'm gonna show it to you anyway
totally gave everything away just then
it's crazy we wrote just like monologue
for me last night and I haven't had a
chance to memorize it so on set whenever
have to memorize lines I find a corner
and I go over the lines by myself and I
look like a crazy person who talks to
myself like right now everyone thinks
I'm talking to myself because I'm
talking to a camera okay goodbye
you judge with me
Junction
not to each my eyeball
okay we got a shoe goodbye
you
we finished the shoot it went well it
was really fun it was cool to see some
of the crew again look how tired I am
though so we're back at the editing
office and we are going to edit here for
about six hours and then we're going to
go to the airport and go home and yeah
that's what our day looks like
I am tired and happy and all of the
things I am home alright I'm finally
home and it's past midnight which means
it's July 2nd which means my exposure is
too high have University look like
you're home to flowers he got me flowers
and chocolates so we're gonna hang out
for a little bit and maybe play some
board games or something I don't know
and just talk about what is on my epping
oh don't put it on me what even it was
like oh just had your arms around
me is that mean it was on me and you
gotta let me see your bag there's like a
special hair you why was a bug on my bag
filled it with a hug you killed them it
could have gotten on my neck and bitten
me is that you're saying I'm disgusting
and so much were saying never in my days
I'm in a horrible way to end the day
alright bye guys I'll see you tomorrow
Oh
