please pop that pussy poutine girl pop
that pussy butene nice so I'm starting
this vlog for June 30th on June 30th at
1:00 in the morning
normally you guys see me start my day in
the daylight in the morning but I am
starting in right now because you know
what technically it's Thursday June 30th
so this happens to me every once in a
while where I get so busy and I lose
track of the days and I realized I don't
have a video scheduled for the next day
so um it's 1:00 in the morning and I
need to come around a video and edit it
and have it ready to be posted tomorrow
I tweeted earlier today like what you
guys wanted to see more I to do next and
a lot of you recommended this video
called sweatshirt which I keep seeing
requests to watch this and react to this
I personally have no idea what this is
and so to keep my reaction authentic I'm
going to watch it for the first time
live in a video if you guys want to see
something you've never seen before I was
having a beer as I was editing my vlog
I'm around right now and I want to sit
with this beer and you were going to see
Miranda drinking alcohol for like the
first and only time ever actually it's
not true I drink with Miri Hart that's a
really good beer hey guys me Miranda so
I ain't see you on Twitter what you want
me
I said Twitter gradually I they all okay
so I just reacted to sweatshirt um which
is apparently just like some kids
singing but I don't know why everyone's
talking about it like I I guess it's
like a just a mediocre song and it's
like kind of weird and kind of it's not
great but like I couldn't write a song
like that when I was his age also
tonight for you guys as you're watching
this I am going to a recording studio
and I am singing something and recording
something and I can't tell you what it
is yet because it has to do with Netflix
but I'm really excited about it and I'm
really nervous and you guys will know
what it is when you watch the first
episode anyway alright I'm gonna take
this off and I'm
try to get some sleep what's up guys I
don't think I've lugged it all this
morning do you feel like like a moth
coming out of everything like that in
the air like it were you today it's been
a crazy day we're getting very creative
in the editing room sometimes when
you're editing an episode you realize oh
we didn't get the shot that we needed
and this story line isn't really
tracking so how do we fix it when we
don't have the takes we don't have the
lines we don't have the actors doing the
right thing it's like a miracle it's
insane like very stressful so today is a
day of like quickly trying to throw
things together and take takes from this
scene and put it in this scene and
trying to make it all make sense it's
been very crazy today we're taking a
break and then I'm going to the
recording studio to record a song that I
can't show you or tell you about or do
anything with anyway that's what we're
doing from the recording session and
you're pretty good
I well kind of I'm not I don't sing as
me hardly ever anymore so I would be
rough and I'm not good in recording
studio as I get nervous and like I get
very comfortable having something that's
close to my face and having to sing into
it so I don't feel like I did very good
but I hope they can make something work
with it anyway it's past 10:00 p.m. and
I just made some supper for the boys so
Cory is fun it's just chicken and
veggies in my imaginable I'm sorry
Kristoff is editing I'm in mind
so oh come on I want to know how you
like your dinner we made some miso soy
ginger chicken and broccoli and Brussels
sprouts you're gonna lie even if you
hate it you're gonna be like it's so
good it's stupid anyway I'm going to
film a bunch of videos so we set up the
soft boxes that Josh so sweetly got for
me when he was up in Canada visiting I'm
going to film some videos tonight we're
going to edit and then tomorrow morning
we have to get up earlier than we
usually do because we're shooting a
scene for the show we realized that we
are missing a scene that student Miranda
so I am going to go back to set and
shoot a scene and I'm like I have so
many mixed emotions about going back to
the set that like I was with the whole
cast and crew every day and tomorrow is
just maybe me and a few of the crew
members um it feels very weird like I'm
kind of freaked out by it so we're gonna
do that and then I go to the editing
room and then I go to the airport and
get on plane and go home because when
you guys are watching this tomorrow is
my one-year wedding anniversary and then
we have the fourth of July and then I
come back together well do old
what's up Queens so we just finished
filming a bunch of videos and it looked
kind of cool I felt well by a bunch of
me - we shot two videos but pop that
possible thing ha ha ha cat pussy
protein pop that pussy booty pop that
pussy booty girl pop that pussy cool
teen girl if you don't follow me on
snapchat you will have no idea what you
said but whenever we go get poutine we
sing that song and it's very
inappropriate I'll see you guys tomorrow
Oh
