Merry Christmas sir whatever you
celebrate you're at the pool for one
last time we leave in like an hour Dow
but I ordered a chocolate-covered banana
or sprinkles because I'm a kid and also
who doesn't have a phallic looking
dessert probably a lot of people but I
do love chocolate-covered bananas mmm
does mama
was getting out of their cars and
walking around
an axe or geez that sounds promising
little in the opposite way on the
freeway
oh my gosh that was crazy but love Daisy
she got so big how I may need a
munchkins I miss you guys haven't seen
you in so long
hi Daisy did you have fun with uncle
Nicola
Lawson I know that was crazy guys we
were literally sitting on the freeway
for like an hour longer than we should
have been just loose in there I hope
everyone's okay that was crazy I don't
know what was going on that was nuts
that was like insane traffic I don't
know what was going on I hope everyone's
okay but literally every cop car that
has ever existed in Los Angeles was on
the freeway tonight
and I'm about to eat a soggy ass taco
and I'm all about it thank you so much
I'm sorry nothing happened in this vlog
today y'all but it was just a travel day
look how cute and fluffy she kind of
stinks do you need it back
Daisy I think you're very sweet
all right I love you guys I'll see you
tomorrow I'll see you guys tomorrow okay
I'm in bed before I I already said
goodbye but I'm saying hello again
because um I just wanted to say
something I feel like all the fires in
California everyone was talking about
and freaking out about oh my god my cat
being a total psycho bottle right now
you see anyway but I feel like since
they put out the fires in Beverly Hills
everyone kind of stopped talking about
the fires but the fire that like started
them all like it's still blazing crazy
and actually has blown all the way to
Santa Barbara County which is where I'm
from and where all my family lives and
it's really freakin scary and it like
makes me sad that there was all this
news about the fires when it like had to
do with Hollywood but once like the
Hollywood one got put out like no one's
talking about it anymore but just know
that like there's still fires that are
demolishing people's homes and it's
still really scary and I'm gonna see if
there's any way that we can help and
I'll put a link if there is a place
where you guys can help the people
who've lost their homes and stuff
because it's super scary and like I text
all my family tonight and I text
everyone I know in Santa Barbara tonight
was just like hey if you need a place to
stay please come to LA and be with me um
I was texting my my best friend's teenie
and she said like her kids are coughing
constantly because the air is so filled
with smoke there's flames everywhere
like super scary so um just know that
like the fires are still going in
California and they're still destroying
people's lives and homes and just please
keep them in your thoughts and prayers
if you pray and send look into it and
send money where you can if you can or
donate time or clothes or toys to kids
who've lost their entire Christmas I
mean anything you can I'm going to try
to find some places to donate things
just because it's it's really scary and
there's a lot of people losing
everything and no one's talking about
anymore because the celebrities are safe
so I guess no one else matters I don't
really know but yeah anyway I look a
mess because I am a mess is a long play
and then we sat in traffic for like two
hours and I really hope everyone's okay
because Lou it literally looked like
every single policeman that's ever
worked in Los Angeles was on the freeway
and they completely stopped the highway
and they made everyone turn around go
the opposite way on the highway and then
get off and you couldn't get back on for
miles it was crazy so I don't know what
but it seemed like it was more than an
accident it seemed really scary so I'm
really happy to be home with my kitties
come here sweetie
I can't believe how big she got I hate
leaving you
I know sweet thank you so much to
Nicola for watching my babies while was
gone I really really appreciate it
everyone please go subscribe to him and
tell him how much I love him and he did
such a good job taking care of the
babies and it was so nice to see them in
vlogs and like see that they were so
well taken care of so Thank You Nicole I
love you so much and everyone tweet him
and tell him how much I love him and
he's just the best and I'm so sad to you
home from Hawaii I had so freakin much
fun it's so much fun and I was so happy
you guys could tell I could see all your
tweets saying like how happy you could
see that it just made me to just be
around Cory and Eric and my family and
you made me so happy and I had so much
fun and yeah thanks for watching the
vlogs and I'll continue to vlog up until
Christmas I might vlog after um I don't
know yet oh but I still need to do the
Jurassic Park lyric video so that'll be
an excuse to make Eric come over
sometime this week and be in the vlogs
again and we'll work on that lyric video
but yeah I love you guys and I'll see
you tomorrow
you
