hi good morning everybody I'm watching
Bachelorette and I'm about to do my hair
and you know let's get this day started
okay today is better than yesterday
big old hair normally I would go to town
on this hair with a curling iron at this
point and make the hair look less frizzy
and more just like ringlets but absolute
work and on time for that so it's just
gonna be frizzy mess today hey Leslie
got it no apparently it is 9:00 p.m. we
are in the editing room but I wanted to
show you the editing room because I
never vlog in here because I can't show
you anything in here because if I turned
the camera around right now you would
see the screen and you're not allowed to
see the screen yet um but usually we sit
and we are nitpicky and stop the screen
every two seconds and change frames and
change cues and whatever but right now
we're going to watch an episode all the
way through which we rarely get to do so
I'm very excited we're gonna watch
episode 5 all the way through till the
end are you excited Christoph I'm so
excited
he seems excited we're very tired we've
been in here a long time you can't tell
on the camera but it's incredibly dark
in here it is I my exposures up like all
the way I don't know how you're getting
this it looks like daily I'm telling you
this is the most incredible camera in
the world yeah unless you wanted to look
like nighttime because it candy ah yeah
I can do that that's that's even more
bright than this and yadus we are in a
cave yeah that's pretty much how our key
isn't here but I keep it bright because
it just looks more chipper anyway we're
gonna watch episode 5 ok bye hey guys we
are now walking home
suffer and me friends forever while it's
gonna be free friends fan forever ever
friends upon the bottom I'm gonna do
remember an attorney ready oh my
god Episode II wash was good we have
some notes in some tweaks but we're
almost there we're almost ready to send
the episode of Netflix and have them
look at it and tell us what they think
what do you think of it I like it I
think it's going to be a very fun
episode yeah I do too there's lots of
ups and downs and sides besides there
are all of those things so I know that I
do a time-lapse of this every single
time I walk home but it's so pretty I
can't help it and I wish that I could
capture how pretty it is
this is like one of the main reasons
that I like to walk home every day is
because this is like the prettiest thing
in the world to focus
give me a sec Christopher I can't focus
in your friggin there check come on
that's the prettiest thing in the world
such a cool like it we're working so
hard in this dark room and to walk and
see this yeah it's like it makes you
feel like I did it I got another day I
totally debated through a 12-hour day
I'm sitting in a dark room not getting
lunch or dinner breaks just having to
eat it keep working and I'm going to
walk home and once I get to my apartment
I have to edit more all night long so
this moment is pretty glorious pretty
great so thanks Vancouver for being
pretty and making our day so they're
welcome Thanks does not smell as good as
that looks no I definitely was like -
what up guys it's 11:00 and we're just
not going to get some supper dinner we
Christopher still hasn't had that
poutine place that I talk about all the
time so he's going to try it tonight
which I'm very excited about what do you
think
yeah super-good it's really cool too
because we're like not on the streets
like gangsters not like people that like
vagabonds Oh like gypsies like we're
gypsies right now gypsies of the night
because there's no seats there's like
yeah so we have to stand it was like a
bench and everybody's already using that
bench yeah we're outside eating again
was it nice night beautiful I already
finished my protein it was amazing
so freakin alg√∫n oh yeah we're going to
go home and watch the next episode and
make some notes and
then edit and go to bed and do it all
again tomorrow thanks for watching guys
always remember that people keep on
believing they can make all the things
and have fun during the day I love you
guys
Oh
